# File: 1998 WW2024 Revelations of the Dark Mother.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


REVELATIONS

OF THE

DARK MOTHER

SEEDS FROM THE T WILIGHT GARDEN

CoMPILED BY RACHEL DoLIUM

CONTENTS

PREFACE: COILEDAT THE Roots 4
Notes AsouT THis Book 13
Tue THREECYCLES OF LILITH 14
Tue BAHARIIO
First Circle: THE BOOK OF THE SERPENT 28
OUTSIDETHE GARDEN 29
THEOATHOF LitirH 30
TuHeGENESIS FRAGMENT 32
SECOND CIRCLE: THE BOOK OF THEOWLO66
Grin 67
THE MIpNIGHT GARDEN 68
Tue RITEOFCAINEQL
THELAMENT FOR LUCIFERO8
TurrpCrrc.e: THE BOOK OF THE DRAGON 104
Tick Tek 105
MALEDICTION: QUEEN OF HELLs 106
LAMiA: NortesOF INQUISITION 110
Ow1,CATANDSERTENT 114
THE RistnG Tres 117

CONTENTS

PREFACE:
COILED
AT THE Roots

By RAcHEL DoL1uM

Over and over, I hear two sounds. Near whispers, silent and sibilant, like
the crack of a serpent's tongue. Lilith. The screech-owl voice shrieking in the
twilight, crouched over the edge of sanity, stealing the breath of babes and
whisking away the dreamers' seed. The touch of every shame, the glinting
teeth of a lover none will admit but all desire. The Dark Queen who will rise to
usher in the end of the world.

I've seen her. You've seen her. A cult of her devotees celebrates her
example, and any number of books, pamphlets, songs, scriptures and tracts
have been created to damn, divinify or define her. The mortals even enjoy 4
Lilith Fair, in which women supposedly break the role of trophy and define their
femininity in song. (An amusing conceit, when you look at it: a playground of
granola-folkies sing-songing homilies in Lilith's name.)

According to rabbinical legend and the bygone testaments of Ur and
Babylon, Lilith was the First Woman, the left to Adam's right, the equal grown.
from his back, flesh of his flesh. Beside her, Eve, the "mother of all," is a pale
spectre. As part of the Original Two, Lilith inherited magical birthrights and
learned great arts. Rightfully, she considered herself the equal of Adam; like
most men, he saw things differently. When he raped her, Lilith appealed to the
Most High, who delivered her out of Eden and cast her out into the unformed
world. From that point on, it is said, she became a vengeful demon, killing
children, stealing seed and waylaying virtuous men.

Hers is not, shall we say, an unfamiliar story.

In the lore of Caine, our much-beloved sire, Lilith becomes the mother who
taught him the arts of night. Out of pity, she took him in when God and man
had cast him aside. Her recompense was to be demonized as a "Dark Mother";
for 13 generations, Caine's offspring have conspired against her, even as the

4 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

mortals did. Charms have been
fashioned, blood hunts called
and entire bloodlines obliterated
in the name of this genocidal
campaign.

Some people, awed by the
legendary prowess of this
woman, feel compelled to know,
"Is she real?" as if the knowl-
edge would grant them a
sudden visitation. Others de-
mand, "What isshe? Avampire?
A magus? Some goddess or
moon-blessed creature?" | can
only say with certainty that

Lilith

Is

Lilith

...and she will not be con-
strained by an arbitrary set of
classifications.

Is Lilith real? One might ask
the same of Jesus of Nazareth, or
Moses, or Gautama Buddha or
any of a thousand other
quasihistorical figures whose
images breed devotion and ter-
tor. If you're asking "Can you
Prove that Lilith walked the
Earth?" my answer is no. I can-
hot point toa skeleton ora set of
footprints or a list of quotations
and statistics and say, "That is
Lilith." | might note, however,
that all things are possible in this
strange world of ours, and that
mythology has a nasty way of
sneaking up on you when you
least expect it and sinking its
teeth into your neck.

PREFACE: COILED AT THE Roots

5

In the words of our elders, Lilith represents a great threat. Her cults, when
they have been found among our kind, have been extinguished with the
tenderness we have come to associate with our fratricidal breed. Our "holy
scriptures" (so lovingly codified by the esteemed Aristotle deLaurent) cloak her
in two vastly different robes: the compassionate mentor of our sire, and the
"dark queen" he will battle at the end of time. How fitting —a nurturing mother
and a demonic whore.

So much for the transformative powers of the Embrace.

The tale of Lilith is the tale of us all; | speak not only of my sisters in darkness,
but of all Kindred. Like her, we grasp a forbidden inheritance, consume it and
become as gods, superior to all that we once were. Like her, we suffer for that"
transformation, becoming outcasts even among our children. Like her, we
establish dominions only to see them swept away by those we helped sire. And
like her, we must retreat into the darkness, gather ourselves and scream
defiance against the eyes in the night before we can truly taste the fruit we have
eaten.

Ironic, then, that she should be so hated.

Thathas a lot to do, I suspect, with the legacy of Lilith's catspaw: Caine, the
sire of all our kind. He Who Embraced the Night, yet passed down a litany
forbiddance that each one of us defies each night we exist — a collection
antiquated laws based on the superiority of elders and the sanctity of their
eternal wisdom. Those laws, we are told, are essential for our survival; faced
with an array of enemies mortal and otherwise, we require a code of condu
to sustain us. Who better to dictate our immortal strictures than a Great Dark
Father?

What better enemy than his counterpart, the seductive, incestuous moth
that countless generations have learned to fear? What good are strictures
withouta threat? Better still, how could our kind continue to revere Caine's laws
if that sire existed in the shadow of She Who Raised Him from the Dust?

What would happen, I wonder, if we were to toss Caine's laws into the sea
and follow our instincts, as our Mother bids us? 4

There'd be chaos, our elders say, and they'd be right. But there is wisdom:
in chaos. The Sabbat recognize that much, even if they fall prey to reveling in
disorder rather than learning from it. The magi realize it, too; from what I've
seen over the years, their constant infighting stems from a disagreement over
the level of chaos it takes to achieve enlightenment. We Kindred are chaotic
beings at heart. Yet from my admittedly short experience in our undead state,
I have to confess that we seem static and dull, lusterless as a tarnished silver
ankh, pressed into service for a series of masters, all of whom claim to know"
what is best for our kind. Weighed down by the mantles of clan and Caine, we
wander in the shadow of some mythical Gehenna. Some night soon, we are

6 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

told, ancient ghosts will rise, kick ass and settle down to a long breakfast of
souls.

This is our law. And we consider ourselves masters of the night? Better we
should stick with that overused and absurd moniker children of the night. God
knows we certainly act that way sometimes. While we cringe at the throne of
some vaunted ancestor (who may or may not be pure mythology) and his
princely stand-ins, the Dark Mother beckons us to renounce the rules that our
forefather made. Caine handed down laws that he himself could not abide; by
his own admission, his elder Lilith told him to draw away from the Tantalus-fruit
of ultimate power. He did not, and he accomplished great things. Might we all
not do the same? Of course!

Do I spew heresies? Good! The truth always sounds heretical, and the lie-
keepers always seek to keep it buried. Lost. Forbidden. Punishable by death.
But without the shining truth in heresy, without the hammer-strike at the pillars
of order, we are chained like pit bulls — or poodles —at our lieges' tables. Yes,
even we "masters of the darkness": We, perhaps most of all, are imprisoned
by our own immortality. Only an immortal can be a slave for many lifetimes.

Lilith is the antithesis of slavery. Be free, she says, and suffer. Oh, yes. The
Dark Mother is all about suffering. She has suffered, her children have suffered,
her devotees suffer, and I shall doubtless suffer for daring to put this all down
into words. I can see the parchments with my name inscribed with vitae, tossed
in the fires to signify a dozen — hell, a thousand — blood hunts. I've already
given up hope ofimmortality. Some morning, probably soon, the sun will claim
me forever. My assassins, congratulating themselves on a job well done, will
return to their masters' tables, gobble a few scraps and continue on their way,
convinced that the night will last forever — or at least until Gehenna. And I'm
going to be laughing at you all the way to Hell. Because in my suffering, | will
have achieved an insight that my assassins will never know. And that insight
will make me free.

Only through pain can we open our eyes.

l entered Lilith's garden on a quest for my sire. Determined to expose the
"Lilithites" (actually called Bahari) before the altar of our esteemed Camarilla,
Idove into an endless sea of hidden lore. My prize: the coveted "Cycle of Lilith"
described by M. deLaurent—and, of course, a fat reward from my O so revered
creator.

You see, I had noticed what so many of our elders had not: that it is the way
Of Lilith to hide in plain sight. In songs, in books, in the rantings of politicists
and the crumbling belltower of human society. Our elders are too static, too
aged, to see the signs. They do not understand the immensity of mode
Culture, and so the songs of Lilith are waved away with dismissive hands. In that

PREFACE: COILED AT THE Roots if

dismissal the songs grow louder still, until those swelling arias drown out the
dusty chorus of tradition. }

An elder cannot hear the songs I hear. Cannot see the visions I have seen,

Lilith is among us now. Her devotees are legion; most do not understand,
what they serve, and they worship at her altar of pain out of sheer abandon —
which is the point!!! — not out of some archaic set of scriptures. The true Lili
cults, collectively called the Bahari, are minuscule, infinitesimal societies
among the Damned and living alike, but the true followers of Lilith are'
everywhere; whenever people cast off all fear and cross into the fields of the'
outlaws, Lilith smiles from the shadows. In those fields, she knows, they will
learn — or they will perish. Usually both.

This realization became mine as | watched the nightly parade of horrors on}
my TV screen. Seduced, I threw aside my civilized clothing and dove into the
Endless Sea. In the sing-song of secret Bahari muses (like the punk poete ss
Patricia de la Forge, whose work | reprint here with her blessings), | felt the fl
of faith rising like a bruise on battered skin. In the fingernail-furrows o
adolescent crazies, in the bulimic puke of would-be doll-children, in the heroin
needles of those whose only prayer is oblivion, | began to hear her gentle
refrain. Live. Learn. Suffer. And Transcend. As I have. And so | did.

8 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

| went to standing stones at the height of the full moon; I danced beside
the witch-folk and drank their bitter potions; I pissed at the roots of trees
alongside our Lupine foes and I drank the blood of mortal antiquarians. When

sible, | sampled the abysses of human excess — torture in Bosnia, Satanic
rites in Berkeley, baby-orgies in Thailand and drugged frenzies in Berlin — all
the while taking mental notes of the songs that rose in my head each time I
tempted my admittedly inhuman limits. Each experience made the words a
little clearer, until | heard them everywhere. Ahi hay Lilitu — "All hail Lilith."
Now that I recognize the refrain, I see it everywhere — in graffiti, in popular
dance songs, in subliminal messages worked into advertisements and dressed
with the waifish corpses of emaciated "fashion models." Through pain, I have
been initiated into a surreal fellowship that may or may not even know the
allegiance it professes.

Since that time of recognition, I cannot get enough sensation. | have been
whipped with flaming straps, branded (exquisite pain for a Kindred, let me tell
you!), dragged naked through shards of glass and submerged likewise beneath
floes of ice. The sensations only heighten the chorus within my head —a chorus
so loud it invades my daytime sleep. That chorus drives away the fear that was
once my Kindred inheritance; hell holds no more terrors for me. Although
dead, I have learned to live more freely than I ever had before. Through learned
friends, commanded pawns and sacrifices of flesh and spirit, | have opened my
ears to Lilith's gospel. What I had hoped to make a document of our enemies
became a firebrand, burning me from the inside out even as I sought to put the
flame-song into words.

Lilith wants us to burn ourselves away. To blacken the skins of our spirits
as her own was burned in the desert between worlds. To fall and scrape our
knees and comfort ourselves on our own blood, welling from the wounds. To
sup on the tears of our damnation. Because in pain we learn. In suffering we
Srow stronger. In defiance we thrive, like a plant pruned back by a gardener's
hand. Lilith is the gardener, the cruel mother, the thorn on the rose of our
Survival. Without pain, she teaches us, nothing else matters. Without a scream
in the night, our voices are choked by the stillness of eternity.

My quest for the Dark Mother has ripped the shades from my eyes and
forced me to confront that truth that drove countless elders mad: Our laws are
lies. Our existence is a joke. Our sire was a pawn in an endgame with God, and
God Himselfis a pale reflection of a brief flash of existence in between endless
Nothingness. Lilith understands this. Her devotees (who take the name Bahari
aS 2 tribute to Ba'hara, the third garden raised by the Dark Mother) realize it,
too. Her offspring, damned as demons and now thousands of years dead, see
itfom the buds of the trees planted in their honorin the third garden of the Dark
Queen. Without pain, without change, existence is meaningless. Comfort is

PREFACE: COILED AT THE Roots 9

decay. Power is a raindrop drying in the desert heat. Agony is the doorway
ecstasy.

Lilith is our mother in the truest sense. Through defiance, she made hers,
a god. Through love, she devastated Eden. She is the great serpent coiled
the roots of the Trees of Life and Knowledge, and her venom is the wisd
coursing through the sap and bubbling into the fruit. Although her sphere is th
moon, the touch of her kiss is napalm fire.

I confess that fire has left me burned, and I am glad ofit. | have squandere
the small but enviable cache | gathered in my unlife, spent it on a va
pressing of 20,000 copies of this heretical little diatribe, and had it shipp
bookstores across the world. Fuck you, fuck your pathetic "Masquerade,
fuck the petty power politics that so epitomize your existence. I am free of
of them. My final nights will be spent in the clearest haze I have ever kno}
Perhaps others will follow my lead.
I know that my existence from this point onward will be measured in da
or weeks, and so I choose to spend my holdings on a gift to the Dark Mo
Call it a lesson from the twilight — a broadside fired from a sinking ship at th
waterline of her would-be conquerors. It is the way of Lilith, | have leaned,
teach with pain. To throw aside the decidedly deadly consequences of freedot
in order to embrace the lessons you learn on the way to oblivion. Lilith herse
has survived — assuming, of course, that she has survived! — only by the
of fortune, the immortality of her arts, and the blazing example she sets
those with the courage to follow it. | cannot hope to do the same, so I welcom
the sun with open arms, heart and spirit.

Rape me into ashes if you will. I can take it.

Ahi hay Lilitu

Rachel Dolivan

10 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

PREFACE: COILED AT THE Roots

11

Nores Axzout Tuts Book

Lilith's law is anti-law. Unlike the constipated
scriptures to which we're so accustomed, her words
flow through a gospel of impressions — a canticle of
shadows that can be deciphered only through expe-
rience. No two readers will absorb those teachings
the same way, and I doubt thatany one reader would
see the same meanings in the same passage twice.

The esteemed M. deLaurent (to whom I am
indebted for his marvelously inspirational "secret"
litany of the Great Dark Father's laws) spent years
searching for the "definitive" words of Caine and his
followers, blissfully oblivious to the impossibility of
definitive truth. I have done the opposite; my re-
search, while exhaustive (and exhausting!) has
concentrated on diverse impressions rather than
specific scholarship. Most of my sources are oral
rather than written, and have probably seen millen-
nia of reinterpretation. M. deLaurent would
doubtless call my methodology sloppy and haphaz-
ard, but I have merely followed the way of Lilith.
Her garden is a growing, changing thing — not a
tablet of stone, but a wild thatch of nettles and fruits.

Where possible, I have endeavored to support
the oral lore I have heard with written records. In
some places, things are the other way around. The
very diversity and antiquity of the Bahari cult (or,
more properly, cults) make the compilation of a
"definitive" gospel of Lilith an impossible task, even
for an immortal. Yet that very diversity supplies the
sect with strength and flexibility; while other, more
rigid societies rise, fragmentand fall by their founders'
words, the Dark Mother demands a few simple
things from her devotees: Open your eyes, hold out
your arms, and cultivate a garden (both within and
without) with the seeds of your experiences. The
Oath of Lilith, with which I begin my collection, is
the closet thing to a code this society respects.

THE THREE
CYCLES OF LILITH

DeLaurent refers to the elusive "Cycle of Lilith," of which he was unal
to secure anything but the smallest, fleeting glimpse. There's a reason for th
That document does not exist. What he saw — if indeed his pretty story
anything other than romantic fabrication — was probably either a Bah
fragment, a hoax or a Cainite retelling of the encounter from our sire's po
of view. By my observations, the so-called "Cycle" has, in fact, at least ni
different versions; many of these involve four parts — a winter rite, a s pri
invocation, a summer observance and the autumn ritual which leads tot
winter, which in turn begins the Cycle again.

Like the Chronicle of Caine, this account may be taken two ways: as a lit
retelling of ancient demigods and their domestic conflicts; or as a t
testament of matriarchal cultures harvesting the sea, the womb and the ere
until jealous men overthrew them, killed their families and scattered th
tribes. Either way, the figure of Lilith stands as an intimidating and ins
figure. She transcends her role, learns from her torments and rises ag
stronger than before but cloaked in shadows and forever sworn to veng in

This Cycle is, in some ways, my own invention; the Mother pr
imagination over dogma. In keeping with some Bahari lorekeepers, I hi
divided these "scriptures" into three books, corresponding to the ancient
nigh-universal trinity of Maid, Mother and Crone, but in a reversed ord
The oldest tales are told first, then the middle cycles, then the youngest
most contemporary. Their order reflects the progression of Lilith. ;

* The Book of the Serpent recounts the young idealism of the Mother,
creation, trials and ascension from prized toy to godhood.

* The Book of the Owl reflects her personal quest and the foundation
Elona, the First Garden of Hope, and D'hainu, the Second Garden ;
Renewal. This latter garden provides a home for Lilith, her consort Lue
and their children. When Caine discovers (or is led to) that place, he chang
the course of humanity and of all our kind.

14 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

+ The Book of the Dragon closes the circle by describing the seeding of
Ba'hara, the Third Garden of Sorrows. From this place-which-is-no-place,
Lilith summons the spirits of tempest and torment and declares a long night
of suffering — especially upon the childer of Caine. This night, according to
prophecy, shall climax with the Rising of the Tides, during which the current
world will perish beneath waves and wind, to be reborn when the next world
begins. In between, we see glimpses of Lilith's helpmates: the Bahari and the
three sacred beasts.

The first two Cycles revolve around the Mother and her tribulations; the
third begins with her, but from that point on, Lilith becomes an enigma. We
have scattered tales of her nocturnal rapaciousness, but those come largely
from other, later sources. The Bahari themselves avoid composing "scrip-
tures" of Lilith's actions after Ba'hara's seeding. Occasional songs or regional
myths speak of what might have occurred, but the formal "gospel" is silent on
the nights between the Malediction and the Rising Tides. In this silence, a
Ba'ham must draw his own conclusions. Lilith makes no promises, nor does
she stand atop a hill and declare her existence or intentions. Once the seeds
of Ba'hara are scattered, Lilith sinks into the night — possibly to wait beneath
the waves, more likely to pass among us as a mortal, taking deceptive shapes
until her endgame comes to fruition.

For Lilith's plan isan endgame — a showdown with the god who created
her, the lover who abandoned her and the ungrateful wretch who rose to
immortality by her hand but slew her children out of spite. Lilith's seeds —
the Bahari and their mantras of pain and enlightenment — go forth into the
worlds of mortal and spirit, bringing them fruits of temptation, succor and
tevelation. The world we see about usis the result of that endgame —a gambit
Lilith is winning. Jehovah is a cracked statue; Lucifer has devotees, but their
insight is obscured, like his bygone love, behind a wall of spite; Caine is
ee and his childer feast on each other in a blind man's quest for illusory

Can you hear the waves outside your door? I assure you, I can.

INTRODUCTION 15

THE BAHARI

The harbingers of those waves — if not the waves themselves — go by the
name "Bahari"; each Ba'ham considers herself the fruit of the Mother's third'
and final garden. Assuch, these offspring cultivate orchards of pain and groves
of enlightenment, nurturing crises around them, then tending the survivors
and teaching them to learn from their pain.

Each gardener's tools are as individual as sin. Some employ the rude plow:
of physical torture, and thrive in the worm-ridden furrows of large cities, war
zones and the underworld; others prefer the even hand of a seeder, planting
intrigues and gossips, then fertilizing them with innuendoes; some prune the
branches of broken trees, working as confidants and healers among the
walking wounded, clipping them with small cuts then reshaping the stalks
with gentle words. Regardless of his methodology, the true Ba'ham tends his
"projects" through kindness and encouragement; pain is worthless unless the
sufferer learns something in its aftermath. Destruction is neither a Ba'ham's
point nor his prerogative. The Dark Mother will deal with such things in her
own time. Until then, each Ba'ham plants the seeds of enlightenment, then
helps them grow.

One would assume, given the sex of the Dark Mother, that all Bahari are
female. One would be deeply mistaken to do so. Just as men often tend the
shrines of Mary or the blood-drenched altars of Kali (who may themselves
represent facets of the Dark Mother), so the male prunes trees in Lilith's
garden, too.

Presented with Lilith's links to Caine and the mysterious Lamia (see
below), an outsider might also assume that Bahari are vampires. Not so.
While it's true that the Dark Mother's fosterlings feed on blood and consider
themselves reborn through it, they are not Kindred in the strictest sense.
Many are simple mortals with no powers to speak of, some are elevated
mortals — magi with the Mother's own occult talents; a handful are true
vampires, but these "Kindred" have forsaken their ties to Caine's brood.
Drinking Lilith's blood, they symbolically sever their connections to her
betrayer and raise themselves above the descendants of Eve.

Given the name of the "sect," one might gather that all Bahari work
together as a unified whole. Again,wrong. Although Lilith's fruit and flowers
rise from similar seeds, they grow as they will. Most congregate in small
patches — cults of between three and seven members — or operate "roots"
that run correspondence through the mails, media and Internet but keep their

16 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

"branches" far apart. A good many grow like trees in their own little corners,
feeding themselves with small but potent miseries. Others imitate the weeds,
scattering small enlightenments and greater agonies in quick, widespread
bursts. Some sects are deeply formal, possessing ornate hierarchies and
protocols; others are choirs of one voice. The Mother's garden has room for
them all, so long as they keep that garden spreading.

Presented with the biblical paradigm I have chosen, an observer might
bind the ways of Lilith to the western religious tradition. Yet again, not so.
While we Kindred remain mired in our worship of biblical myth, the ways of
Lilith are universal. True, I often describe them in terms of the familiar
Jehovah/Adam/Lucifer patriarchy; although many of the Dark Mother's own
followers cling to those myths, that may simply be the result of the widespread
influence of the West. I prefer to see Lilith's saga as a sliver of a greater
tradition — that of the Great Dark Mother who nurtures with love, then
chastises with death. That tradition is universal: I see the face of Lilith in the
bright sword of Ishtar, in the pits of Kali, in the webs of Spider Woman, and
even in the soft but remote embrace of Mary. And just as I see these faces, the
Bahari revere them in ritual. I have danced around African gardens, drunk
blood mixed with ghee, and wailed pleasure-cries to the Tibetan night. The
Mother is everywhere...as are her children.

IntROopUCTION 17

Although their allegiance to Lilith might make Bahari seem like natui
feminists, the truth is far more complex. Female does not necessarily equi
exalted. On the contrary — most women, in the Bahari view, are descendan
of Eve, the third and most inferior woman. Created from a lonely Ada
lacking Lilith's original gifts and her divine gestation, these women really a
the cheap cattle that misogynists scorn. Until and unless a woman consumt
the Mother's blood and takes her Oath, that woman is an animal =
worthwhile in her own way, certainly, but far below the Bahari.

INITIATION

"Becoming" a Ba'ham is often a simple but excruciating process.
Lilith herself, a prospective Ba'ham begins as a favored person — weal
perhaps, or beautiful or popular or blessed in some other way. Suddenly,
cataclysmic event devastates it all and leaves her stumbling through a desé
of pain. There she attains some insight into the vast and finite nature of
world: Some see a literal vision of the Dark Mother, or dream of wandeni
in an empty, waterless waste. Others see the endless eyes of the Ancient O1
(spoken of in the Genesis Fragment) gazing into a cyclopean void; still of
fall into comas or literally wander in a half-dead state (often pregnant, as
was) until a second catastrophe rocks them out of the stupor. Until this ord
and vision occur, a would-be Ba'ham remains outside the garden; only
tearing herself on the thorns at the gate may she attain the sweet nectar with

18 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

Until that time, she may speak the Mother's name, perform her rites, even
tend her garden, but still remain outside it, as Lilith was exiled from Eden.

Pain is the initiation, agony and insight the stepping-stones.

Ifshe's lucky, this unfortunate might discover — or be discovered by — the
followers of Lilith. The rituals they use to teach and initiate her depend on the
whims and culture of the Bahari. So-called "witches" employ the trappings of
Wicca, Santeria and other modern pastimes; aboriginal cults chitter and grunt
about nightmare deities and dance around with bone-toys and innards; secular
devotees prefer to speak in symbols of matriarchs and bad-ass mommas, while
renunciates of the Christian, Muslim and especially Jewish traditions use the most
familiar names of all. In the faraway monasteries of renegade Buddhists and left-
hand Tantrikas, candles illuminate copulating disciples and their mutilated
servants. Which ones are the true Bahari? All of them, of course! The pain, the
vision, the Oath and the gardening are the only real commonalties.

The blood of Lilith consecrates an initiation. Like the Christian Eucha-
rist, this blood forms a symbolic bridge between goddess and gardener; unlike
that Host, this blood is real, often gathered from the initiate, the initiator, a
plant and a live sacrifice, then blended together in a not-too-pleasant

INTRODUCTION 19

concoction. After drinking it, the new Ba'ham recites some variation on the
Oath of Lilith, then receives whatever vows, studies or torments the initiator
feels are appropriate. Many Bahari learn the runes called Ba'hara (see sidebar),
the symbolic language of the sect; many others do not. It's worth noting that
thousands, perhaps millions, of devotees worship at Lilith's altar without ever
knowing what they're doing. While not formal Bahari, these "acolytes" reve:
pain, revel in the occult and make a point of advocating both.

Although never formally initiated into the Bahari fellowship, I was
privileged to meet several members of the sect in an occult bookstore in Soho,
New York City. Two of their number were Kindred (or, as I should stress,
Lhaka, since Blood Bahari do not consider themselves Kindred); three others
were mortal. These fascinating and charismatic personages took me on @
whirlwind tour of pain and absolution; in their company I encountered other
Bahari, met countless followers of the Mother who knew not why they did,
traveled to secluded sites and perused the Ba'hara pictograms which give
substance to the following scriptures.

Iknew, as I swelled with the Mother's wisdom, that my revels would lead:
other Kindred to my tutors. As an act of compassion, I killed nearly all of
them; better that death might come from my loving hands than from the
brutal ministrations of archons or the mind-rape of the Warlocks. Out of
respect for my teachers, I will not profane their names with so much as a
pseudonym. Let those who have passed us in the night draw their own
conclusions. I remain silent.

My exquisite guides introduced me to equally exquisite lessons. One, a
magus, took me so far into myself that I thought my mind had snapped. Hi
hands held the promise of eternal love, but he proved more fickle in his:
affections than any Kindred lothario. I eviscerated him while he copulated
with a conquest — a boy of 12, whom I left alive to learn from his experience.

A former Toreador sang me the songs of a Bahari nun cloistered in 12th=
century Milan. The nun's devotions were considered odes to Mary until a
scholar unearthed her true allegiance. As one might expect, the nun was burned
in a pile of her own hymns. Sadly, all transcriptions were purged, as well; my,
muse played them from memory. When she herself crumbled in the morni
sun, the last recollections of the nun's compositions blew away with her.

A Clanless wanderer made my skin itch. Rude as a jackal, she seemed to
take pride in the abuse we heaped on her. Her mouth — unusually large, both
literally and metaphorically — never shut. When I fed her into a tree-
shredder, it was the only murder I'd enjoyed in years.

20 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

I flayed the old man alive. He had asked me to, and I aia weeping
tears of blood as I did so. What a waste. His Latin was as flawless as a Roman
scholar's, and his collection of books — from pulp romances to high Classical
manuscripts —was remarkable, if only for its variety. The old man had noskill
with manners, I confess, and this made him the butt of many of our pranks.
Hetookitall in humor, but seemed to nurse a grudge he never satisfied. Dried,
his skin formed the parchment for the original edition of this book. He would
have wanted it that way.

One girl I let survive. To this day, I cannot explain the impulse that led
me to this act of cruelty. Also mortal, the girl seemed vaguely familiar. I ran
across her likeness later in a chronicle of magickal lore. It may have been
coincidence, but she deeply resembled both a pupil of Cagliostro and a consort
of Aleister Crowley. A submissive by inclination, she held the most incredible
Pain tolerance of any mortal I have ever met.

The leader of the group, a Balinese woman of indeterminate age, was
mortal. Her charisma, however, was like a living thing. Although she
Possessed no mystic powers as far as I could see, she held the others spellbound
with every word she spoke. I let her live, too. There are too few of her kind
out there as it is. Although she has sworn revenge on me for killing her
companions, she thanked me for doing so. The Dark Mother moves in
Strange ways, indeed!

IntTRODUCTION 21

MAGICK OF THE
SHORT DAWN

As anyone who has felt the
whiplash of the sun's rays, the
sharp crunch of a shotgun blast
or the slender pricklings of a
vivisectioning tool can attest, we
all attain a burst of insight, a
satori, when injured. For a
flickering moment, the com-
monplace world freezes and we
are transported to a netherland
where God's own pulse throbs in
our veins. Like drinking from
Heaven's jugular, this faintly
obscene pleasure knocks one
dizzy. The moment is just that
— a moment — but when it
passes, we have glimpsed some-
thing remarkable rising from the
haze of pain.

Many Bahari call this mo-
ment sa, the "Short Dawn." The
mystics among them liken it to
the moment of clarity that magi
call "Awakening"; indeed, many
of their number claim to be
Awakened beings whose sa led
them to study the magickal Arts.
Lilith experienced sa while she
wandered the unmade lands, and
she led Caine to it when he de-
scended into Hell. Properly
experienced, sa leads to height-
ened consciousness, supernal
insight and mystical powers.
Humans search for it in sado-

22 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

masochistic rituals, but it rarely comes in such structured confines. To find a
true sa, one must be flung headlong into a physical and emotional abyss — and
come out the other side. The Bahari cultivate sa, both in themselves and in
others. To them, it's the sweet fruit of Knowledge and the bitter pulp of Life
jn one.

Perhaps the mystic overtones of sa lend Lilith her sorcerous air; although
she clearly transcends mortal magicks, sorcerers have been linked to Lilith
since the beginning of time. That's no less true today; sects of magicians
harbor large numbers of Bahari, whose mystic Arts advance the Dark
Mother's dream of Final Tides. Although I'm no scholar of magical lore, I've
met several of these so-called "magi" in their ritual grounds. The most
prevalent, it seems, come from a mystical clan which takes the name of the
healing plant vervain, or verbena; considering their roles as fruits and tenders
of Lilith's garden, the botanical name is appropriate. Others belong to a
reincarnatist society whose image of a great wheel corresponds to the Ancient
One's eternal eyes, opening and closing in an endless cycle of creation and
destruction. Still others ride on the ecstasy of pain and the flashes of
enlightenment that come with it, or lead cults of dubious origin. While many
of these mystics advance their queen's agenda on a fairly local basis, I admit
that some of them retain herds that would be the envy of any Kindred prince.
By nurturing those herds with creeds of renewal through sacrifice, Bahari
magicians raise a hunger for such enlightenment — and for more and greater
agonies.

BLoop BAHARI: RENUNCIATES OF CAINE

Like Caine, Kindred are drawn to and inspired by torment; this tendency
explains such suicidal pastimes as fire-walking, Gehenna politics and the
Tzimisce in general. When you consider that fact, the Kindred renunciates—
called Lhaka or Blood Bahari — among Lilith's hosts seem only natural. Like
myself, many of these vampires begin as blind sheep; hit by sa, some few of
them understand the true order of things and soon join the Bahari, The blood
rite breaks the chain of vitae that binds us to our beginnings; like Lilith eating
the fruit of Eden, this moment erases our former blindness. From that point
on, we are individuals tending the garden of pain.

(It makes me smile to think of our O-so-sagacious elders playing into
Lilith's hands so readily. Their ceaseless conflict for supremacy breeds anarchs
and would-be Bahari like fouled water breeds dysentery. Lilith's curse holds

IntTRODUCTION 23

true today. The childer of Caine "feast upon each other's hearts," figurativel
and otherwise, like palpitating delicacies.)

The Lamia, an extinct offshoot of the Giovanni, present a puzzle to
scholar. Giovanni apocrypha (gained at great price, l assure you!) state
bloodline began when one of their number raped a priestess of Lilith
Supposedly, this priestess was the only daughter of Adam and Lilith, and
born from an endless cycle of rape and conception stretching back to Adam!
own brutality. Bahari legend, on the other hand, clearly states that Lilith h:
three daughters and three sons, that none of them were Adam's, and that
of them were slain. Although this would hardly be the first time that legen
disagreed with one another, the point is worth addressing.

Supposedly, these Lamia went on to become rare but enlighten
Kindred, keeping the "true rites of the Dark Mother" but serving the
which the Giovanni destroyed. I maintain this is nonsense; while it is entir
possible that one such "Cappadocian" Embraced a Bahari priestess, it wo
be a poor Ba'ham who would spend all her time fucking corpses in service
Caine's offspring. Although proving my theory would be difficult —
Lamia were supposedly exterminated by the 1800s — I speculate that
Giovanni progenitors were being had. Perhaps our mythical priestess re
believed she was descended from Adam and the Mother; perhaps she was
Lilith is said to have been pregnant during her trek across the desert, and if
is possible that she carried a human child as well as the unearthly offspring
Jehovah. Knowing what I do of the Short Dawn and its formidable after
shocks, I'm skeptical that a tribe of half-breed corpse-fuckers could hay
enslaved the followers of Lilith. More likely, a handful of Bahari went alon;
with the joke, then led their "masters" into a series of fatal traps.

Either way, the Lamia are said to have commanded fearsome plagues an
necromancies; an account of one captured by Inquisitors can be found in Boo!
III. Perhaps the Lamia still thrive under some other name;' having engineere:
the destruction of the Cappadocians, they broke their blood-ties and joine
the ever-growing ranks of the Lhaka — a fellowship to which I belong mysel

And | am far from alone.

Enough trivia. Let the fruits be harvested and the Final Tides rise! Fe:
on these Revelations as I have feasted on the blood and hearts of my form
lovers and cousins. I have done my part, and await the short but brilliant dawns

1: Tknow fora fact that certain of the so-called "Daughters of Cacophony" revere Lilith. Their gifts for song and:
madness make this clear enough. Are they perhaps the remnants of the Lamia, or a half-mad offshoot of same? We
may never know.

24 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

EXAMPLESOF BA'HARA PICTOGRAMS

A secret society requires secret communications. Ba'hara, a mnemonic
collection of symbols, provides a written basis for an oral tradition. While not
q language in the formal sense, it offers an initiated Ba'ham a sense of
pelonging- From my sources, I infer that Ba'hara derives from the medieval

ictograms of the bygone Lamia bloodline, which come themselves from a
still older source. Those "root forms" of the language are, to my knowledge,
Jong gone, although examples probably still exist in some secluded groves,
unrecognizable as what they once were.

The modern form of Ba'hara uses plants and animals as abstract bases for
its letters. Like the sect itself, the language is said to have grown from the seeds
of the third garden, and its plantlike forms echo that idea.

&
~(@)-
ay 2x?

]

LILITH CAINE
y BLOOD
KINDRED Moon

INTRODUCTION 25


SUN
SERPENT
Fw @ SACRED PLACE DANGER MEET HERE
} e
) =
24 @
DRAGON CAT HuMAN Tuis PLACE Must Br DEsTROYED Aut HA LiitH!

26 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER INTRODUCTION 27

iN
WY;
A\
=r
=
=
~N
=
‘e)
me
x
ND
tH

THE BOOK OF
THE SERPENT

Ix hy elt bigh

=_
~

Illustration to Marc-André Rivest's Le Jardin interdit: Ces Choses qui ne
sont pas dites (The Forbidden Garden; or Those Things Which Are Not Spoken
Of), 1547.

THEOATH OF LILITH

Eprtor's NOTE
Taken by a Ba'ham upon his initiation, the Oath is said to be a preservatio}

the words spoken by Lilith herself as she took up the Mantle of the Moon. Fanta
I'm sure, but the words, when spoken, ring with a power that cannot be deni

Although Ihave never considered myselfa formal Ba'ham, Itake this oath each nit
as I arise. This devotion of mine may explain a few things...

When first | tasted the fruit of the Trees
felt the seeds of Li fe and Knowledge

burn within me

! swore that day that | would not turn back.
When first I tasted the Mesh of the kill

felt the tang of the blood

and the crunch of the bones

| swore that day I would not die.
When first] tasted my own blood
felt the surge and the stir

of my own life on my lips

I swore that day to love myself

above alll.

30 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

When first T tasted the light of the moon (*) 2 —_
felt its glow in my womb e °

aad: its wild tenderness

| swore that day to walk in night.

When first I tasted the love ofa god

felt the tearing rise

of song and fire
| swore on that day to cherish the flesh.
When firse I tasted the sa le of the sea
felt my blood become water e
as the sky fell behind me

| swore that day to descend

and to return with wonders.

When first [ tasted the love of a
child

screamed with the joy of the new life
and wept for what | had lost and
gained,

] swore that day to nurture life

as! had embraced death before.
Iswear by three times three times three .
That these seven moments shall remain
my own

And whatever may transpire

No god mor man nor beast may take

them from me.
| swear by myself

and my immortality.


THEGENESIS FRAGMENT

Epitor's Notes
This — the core of the Lilith myth cycle —is what's missing from conventit
Scriptures.
Although it supposedly describes the First Days, the Judeo-Christian Genes
does not refer to Lilith at all. We find her mentioned in the Jewish Rabbinic
Midrashim and several obscure (and not-so-obscure) Hebrew texts, but the cons
dations 4 both the Christian Bible and

Despite its name,
part of the canonical book
carhespcxaraple is indeed:

Israelite.
Not that there's

not hard to imagine.
authors. The Genesis
Srom the Re
destruction.

‘4 ut lof aside bea the Torah
compiled from the salvaged writings again far later, when the Nice
Council consolidated the books of the Ci in Bible.

For accuracy's sake, I compared this Fragment against two similar ones, one
Greek, the other preserved in oral tradition through the Bahari rites. Iwas giv

preserved from the fires of

32 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

gecess to a Ba'hara pictogram version, but since those designs are designed as
mnemonics, not literal words, there could hardly be a "definitive" Bahari version.
Partly for flavor's sake, and partly to capture the rhythm of the Hebrew, Ihave used
the Israelite version as the springboard for my translations. A series of footnotes
record my own observations.

I couldn't begin to claim which of these three versions is the "definitive" one.
Each boasts its own authority. The Ba'hara account obviously functions as the
Gospel. According to Lilith; the Greek source serves as a "bridge" between the older
scroll and the modern translation, and includes some intriguing pantheistic ambi-
guities; the heretical Israelite documenbfpbein best with our Western conception of
Scripture. Surprisingly, igs all corre

and disjointed. Was the ai th
correspondences and occasi

was -d upon at best,
invol e. Eveny
sacred wrt

oral tradition passe
That's certainly the

it away from the most
m "women's lore" — the

en all

r é e Fragment is more
the on of the Find Da
protagonist at all —

imately dae, but emerges as the
e. When she departs for the Endless
's true equal: The woman who forced

true architect of our Nori or better ani

Sea to establish her own garden, we see Jel

him to see the illusion he was hiding behind.
No wonder the Bahari consider her the True Goddess of our world.

First Crrcie: THE BOOK OF THE SERPENT 33

THE GENESIS FRAGMEN'

I: THECREATION

Once, all was silence and stillness. This was the Time of Nothing, w
A\ncient One rested Its eyes and moved not. Every 55,555 years, the Ancie
breaks Its rest and opens Its eyes, tosee what was not there before. Each 55,555y

Te closes Its eyes, and all becomes silence and stillness again.‘

Then the Ancient One opened Its eyes for the 333rd time, and a bolt of L
splitthedarkness.* Thencecame [Jehovah }* and the other Shining Ones.* To:
the eyes of the Ancient One, they Spoke great Words and sang great Son

thence wove the world into being.

Upon theshells ofthe 332 Old Worlds did they tread: and thecoenalll

worlds did howl and loose themselves upon the wilderness.*

Ench'ol the host raved a/ganden andiet tell to'ereating the plane aaa
therein. Within each garden, the earth provided fettle for the growing things ¢
the fire did bura tn the skies: by day and right and the atrdid {low aaa

divinity and the waters did nourish the flowers and plants and all living hing

And Jehovah, theistborn, ratsed the greatest Garden of them all in i
between the rivers. And He grew two Trees within thatGarden, the Tree of fe

the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. And each Tree bore fruit with seve i
seeds, and each seed carried the great truths of the Shining Ones.

In time, the beasts of Jehovah's garden did fat themselves on theseeds of the In

4
and came to know the great truths, but they cared not. They were naked, yet #

cared not. They were content, and cared not. The beasts fated themselves upon |!

seeds, and upon the grasses, and upon each other; forsuch is the Way of All Thin
And it was good.

But Jehovah hungered. He ateofthefruttsof both Tees, butthey did not fill A
He drank from the two rivers, and from the salt of the greatseas, but they did not]

Him. He feasted at the gardens of [Lucifer] and [Gabriel] and [Astarte] ai

34 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

], but still He was not satisfied. His belly
ied and the beasts hid in fear, so great was ~
the hunger of the Firstborn. But He hungered not for

meat, nor for fruit, nor for the company of His

cousins.

ship.
So Jehovah mourned, and His

moans were like storms. He wept,
and His tears wetted the True
Earth' at the center of His
Garden. And they fell upon 4a
the seeds from the Trees of i
Life and Knowledge, and
they did bring forth won-

drous, strange fruit.

Male and Female

Jehovah hungered for companion—

joined backtoback: and | Ne
they struggled to stand
and could not. Until Jehovah ‘
Passed His hand between them Yy
and made them [wo equal and
strong He made Them.

And the Ancient One saw thé

Not. Butseemed Tetosmile none-
theless.

First Circe: THE Book OF THESERTENT 35

> SoAdamwenttoLilith and toldhertolie
ek down with him. But Lilith was repulsed by
7, y) Adam, for he had mated with beasts. He

CD chee Met lier ipo er bak, cha be
/ oe might enter her, but she refused, saying,
PAS ysis ic deve beneath thee,

}) upon my back? I too was made from the

II: THEGARDEN

Jehovah named His creatures "Ish," or "Adam," and "Lilitu," or "Lilith"? and!
bestowed upon them great Gifts. To the male, gave He the powersof Shaping and Nami

to the female, gave He the powers of Fertility and Intuition. Raised as they were fro
True Earth and the seeds of the Trees, the man and woman could see and adore the

of Jehovah, and He was much pleased.
A\nd He commanded His servants, those seraphim and cherubim and daemoni } \ js :
imps, toshow Adam and Lilith of the wonders of the Garden, and to employ their 2 A) L True Earth, and so] am thine equal.

Hebade Adam tona hof thecreaturesnd plants th id bade Lilith tobe Avnd Adam grew angry in his rage, he
both 5 forced Lilith upon herback beneath him.

oy When she fought, he struck her many
Z7EO) Howe, til the blood of Lilt fll upon
()) theland, and the blood of Adam also.

le and female, that did dwell
hunted each other, and Lil

treesy Adam passed the time i

the Garden. Adam learned t

learned to eat of the trees and pia, ts did fertilize one ancthem ee? DY aD And Adam was rampant as a bull is
Aioche tended the Gast Ee beers Teen ot ee er a <a aT when aroused, and hissed fell upon the
Knowledge, saying, "These a ood Immortal as thou art, those fr ede! C i) earth and brambles and ivy grew

PEW Bal tore ar the heels of Adam
and Lilith.

Adam speared Lilith upon the
ilfornlol his manhood: but Lilith eried
ep hahelden te Nise of Jehovah,
and Helifted her up outof the Garden
and into the Heavens.

Dawn 5 Neil Atlarigatilone and spent
\) his wrath and lust upon the beasts and

should devour thee from the i
lightning from the Heavens,
rend thee like the tree w

But Lilith did not b
But she hungered for those fruits, |

dare to devour them first. L

When fruit fell from the Trees, shea ealiand lo her eyes were ope! ;

She was naked, and was not ashamed of it.' And she became like unto a Shining One,
unto Jehovaly but she did not understand how to be like Him, and so she waited and wal
Lilith sought to teach Adam the ways of the plants, but he cared not she watche
at the hunt, and she made tools to help her and bade the wolf and the lion and the owl
follow her. Thus did Lilith excel at the arts of hunting and food-gathering."° Adam ws

wroth, and put himself far from her.

flowers. But as he had not eaten of the fruit

ae SA a

In his loneliness, Adam did know many of the female beasts, for he desired a mate
his own. And Jehovah told him to look to the female, Lilith, for his mate, saying,
art above the beasts, and it is detestable that thou shouldst lie with them."

36 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER 37

III: LiitH As JEHOVAH'S
CONSORT

Once Lilith was borne away from Adam, Jehovah was
wroth. "How didst thou know the Hidden Name of Him who
created thee?" His voice was thunder. Lights crackled in the skies.
Winds tore at Lilith's hair and bathed her skin in ice.

She was afraid, but did not cry out. Instead, she spoke unto
Him, unto the thunder and lightning and wind. And her fear
was as wisdom and comfort against the storm.

Lilith said, "I have done what Thou didst require. | tended
the fruits of the Garden, and the beasts of the forest. When they
prospered, | did nurture them. When they fell, I laid them to rest.
The fruits which I have eaten are those which fell by Thine own
hand. I tookthemasagiftoflovefrom Thy bounty, that! might join
Thee in Heaven."

Sosaying, she raised flowers of her own» flowers that had not
been created by the hand of Jehovah, nor tended by the hand of
Lilith. New, shecreated them from the Firmamentof Heaven, and
offered them to Him.

And at last the storm quieted. And Jehovah was stilled.

He took her there in Heaven, and He knew

herasa mate. Forseven days andseven nights, she

sat upon His lap and He sat within hers."

And theircoupling was like unto thestormy and both of them
were satisfied. And love grew between Jehovah and Lilith, like
the fruits of the Tree of Life.

But He could not bear to share His power and knowledge.
Lilithsatd, "Weare now as weshould be, equals aboveall others."
Hearingthis, Jehovah became jealous, ashad Hiscreation Adam.

A\nd so it came to pass that Jehovah banished Lilith from
His sight, as He had banished that Lady** who came before her.
A\lter seven days and nights, Lilith was cast down from Heaven.
Into the dust between the gardens was she cast. Jehovah declared,
"Mayest thou wander in the unmade lands for all time." So
saying, He vanished, leaving Lilith alone.

First Crrcie: THE BoOK OF THESERTENT 39

IV: LitirsH ALONE®
Then Lilith did go into the desert and did

wander for seven times seven days and nights.

A\nd the days were hot and savage, like unto the

flame and Lilith's dark skin was reddened, and it
blistered and cracked like mud; and her tongue did
swell; and her bones did poke through herskin, and
her feet were burned as though by fire. But still she
did notrepent nor did she request forgiveness of the

Lord, or deny that she was as He.
The fruit she had eaten sat in Lilith's belly and

sustained her.

But her heart and belly were rent with the love
for Him who had betrayed herr and His seed grew

in her belly until it was swollen and burdensome.

When she ‘was thirsty, Lilith did sup
upon herown blood. And itsustained her.

The days were torment to her, and soshe learned
to burrow into the earth and await the fall of night.
Beneath the ground, Lilith learned to send hersenses

far away" and hence discovered the rivers and the

gardens of the other Shining Ones. A\nd when the
sun had passed by, she lifted herself from the earth
and continued toward the Endless Sea.

And Lilith walked over rocks and sand, and

she crossed mountains and shivered in cold winds,
and was lashed by the dust: and she fell many times,
but did not stop, but rose and began again. Tor the

pain was as wisdom unto her.

40 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

plantit

the Sea.

skin had tamed to amber and her
‘ reas thesurface of thatSea, and they

hair had become blackas pitch. Here:
danced like the moon upon those waters.

But she could notcreatea Garden like the place of Jehovah; and she ground
her tee th in jealousy. Although she could craft great wonders and gave bi rth to

Tar away from the lands of Jehovah, she found that grea
expanse which isthe Endless Sea. When she reached it, Lili :

threw herself into that Sea, and she did swim to the bottom of it
Many strange beasts, Lilith was not satistied.

So she left the Endless Sea and went forth again into the desert.
She did crave the fruit of the Garden of Jehovah: for it was the sweetest that

ever she had tasted."

and did become as one of its own creatures; and she did lie with

them, as A\dam had with the beasts of the Garden and she did
hunt them, as she had in the Garden! until she was sated.

42 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER First Circe: THE BooK OF THE SERPENT 43

V:GARDENSOF THE ELOHIM»

Lilith did wan
gardens of [ Bes |yai

thewonderst

Sea.
And there was much fe
[Dionysus], andin the field

is without peer, Shining wi

Earth of our gardens. "**
But the celebrat:

fruit of Jehovah's Sreat
There were none others like
did quit those gardens, giving
fruits.®*

Thus did she continue on alone until she came to the gates of Eden.

V1: JEHOVAH CHARGES LUCIFER
WITH THE GUARDING OF EDEN»

A\nd it came to pass that Jehovah learned of Lilith's sojourn to the Shin n
Ones: and He was fearful that she would return to Eden and destroy his creati
So Jehovah charged Lucifer to stand guard upon Eden, lest Lilith return.

A\nd the Lightbringer, who held Jehovah to his heart like
brother, took up this charge and stood at the gates of Eden with a fie
sword. And the sword was made from the True Earth of Eden, and
this sword would banish Lilith, for she had been made of the sa
Earth. For it was banelul to her, and to Adam.

With his great Sight, Lucifer saw Lilith froma long way off from the clouds
day and the shining disk of sun he espied her. Now he was struck by her beauty,

44 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

ifbya thunderbolt; and as she approached, he drew back his hands with the sword
atill in them. But he did not strike her.

And Lilith said unto him, "Who artthou,
that guardest the Garden of the Firstborn?"

| am the Lightand Darkness," Luci-
{er replied.

"Thou art beautiful in my sight," 9
said Lilith, and she spoke truly,

Tor he isa polished staff, astout

tree shaped into contours pleasing

to the eye? and his skin is the bur-
nished gold, and his eyes the colorof
the moon. His breath is the breeze of

«ot dba od ld
whisper.** N
Luetfer said, "Art thou the /; 4
disrespectful creation of my N

brother, that went from out the
Garden with hate in her heart?"

and like our brother and! would never y
harma thing in His Garden, noteven | |

the lesser beasts or their tender.**! wish
only to learn about the wondrous Trees he

grows.

And he looked into her heart and
saw that she spoke truly. And his ows'
heart was filled with love and desire, like

a garden Blooming with fesh waren anieiwex
good eeollinTe Hl Leaeiler let lie# ae

But before Lilith went in, the Lightbringer offered her a
" Luetfer said, hAS | am Or
x Light, | have dominion

SN those spheres which ill
\ the sky. A\nd so | do si

thee this garment of Ni

dearest sister, upon whiel
|) sewn the moon and 1e

and all that appears in

night sky. Wear itand
the Night as ] now rule
Day."
And Lilith did take up
garment: and her face becam
the deep blue of midnight anc

BY hate became silverilike theme
» her eyes shone with the soft light to
) moon.
Abashed and amazed, L
stopped. ‘I love the gilts, as] now ove
giver," she said. "I shall not trouble
brother, but shall raise up my own Jar
and thou shalt perchance come visit me tf
: ve) and! will show thee all its splendors."
So saying, she turned away from Eden. TI
she spread hercloak of night and rose into ;

1h) aad avett

VI11:THE First GARDEN OF LILITH

Lilith chose a rich and fertile land, with three rivers making up its
borders. A\ndshe did drape her garment of Night over this land) from
her garment, she plucked ahandlul of tiny stars and she did scatter the
stars across the land. A\nd those star-seeds did bear wondrous plants

ing things.

and fruit trees and all manner of

would gi a Ks

flourished and grew h
In her belly, Lil the Trees of Life and
Knowledge. Nowsh the earth of her garden.

These too did she nouri swate ef and her life's blood; but

they would not grow. /

A\nd ties:

ie

who had cast her out. 7

Then did Lilith darkens and
wind, and it scoured the place where the Trees would not gsrow7 where

the seeds lay fallow in the earth; and she cursed Jehovah for his pride.
Then shecursed herself for her pain, and for the love she bore He Who
Betrayed Her.

And her first garden was swept away in her wrath, until itstood no

aya

er rage rose like sand in a strong

more.

Then did Lilith leave her Night Garden and go to Eden.

First Crrcie: THE BooK OF THESERTENT 47

VIII: THECREATION OF EVE,
ANDTHE FALL

WhenJehovah hadlifted Lilith up, Adam became full
of jealous rage, for his mate had been taken from him. And he
silently cursed the name of his Creator. But Jehovah heard
him and said, "Curse not foolishly. She whol have taken from
thee was filled with evil spirits" and would have harmed thee.

Fear not, for ] shall make thee a mate.

Jehovah lifted up the True Earth, and He took
a handful of that clay and did breathe upon it.
A\nd the clay did form the bones of the female; and
her skin, and the fluids and bowels therein. But
A\dam ‘was dismayed, and he was sick within the

garden; for he had seen the innards of his mate, and
would not Name her.

So Jehovah did destroy His creation with astrong wind,

He scattered the skin, and the bowels, and the bones, and left
the fluids to soak into the True Earth. A\nd small creatures
came forth and devoured the female, until there was no sign of
her. When she was annihilated, A\dam was content.

A\nd Jehovah puta deep slumber upon Adam and
removed one riby from that rib, he made Eve. A\nd Adam
was pleased; and he didName her "Ishah," or "Eve", and he
knew Ever and she lay beneath him, forshe was.a lesser thing,
not made of the True Earth like Lilith before her nor of the
back of Adam, but from his bone.*"

First Circe: THE Book OF THESERTENT 49


= Ss SS
When Lilith departed Heaven, Jehovah weptagainy
and His tears were like a deluge upon Eden. He wept for seven
days and nights, until the creatures of the Garden cried out for mercy and relief.
Fom thattime forward, Jehovah wept no more; save butonce inall the days and nights

of this world.

When He had heard of the revels of Lilith, and of her visits to the gardens and
vineyards and fields of His brothers and sisters, Jehovah was much troubled.

ForHe still thoughtof her as Hiscreation, and His love. And so He did set His closest
brother toguard Eden. But He did nottell Lucifer about Lilith, nor about the love He bore
her» nor about the powers at her command, nor about the fruits she had eaten,

For the Firstborn was afraid.

Iecame to pass that Lilith returned unto Eden, clad in her raiment of Night and there:
she again met Lucifer who stood watch upon the gate with the fiery sword in his hand.

"Beloved, why dost thoustand here before the gates of Jehovah's garden?" said Lilith:

"Hast thou become his servant and lackey?"

50 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

"Nay," Lightbringer replied. "I watch for She Who Has Been Cast Out for the
Firstborn hassaid that hersoul issmall and dark and filled with evil spirits and she may

not withstand my light. And so ! stand here as favor to Him whom | love as a

brother."
And Lilith was wounded by his words forshe knew Jehovah had spoken of her.

Butshe was proud also, to have moved her Creator tountruth. Asshe was of the True

Earth of Eden, she could not pass whilst Lucifer held forth the fiery sword against
her.' And sounto Lucifer, she said, "Cast aside thy sword, beloved one, and let me

pass. For verily, | am not she. | stand content in thy light, and share it as my

{| own.

V7 The Lightbringer recalled that Lilith had once sworn
my todo no harm, and had spoken true at that time. And
thushedid believe her. Yethe was puzzled and amazed by

hes, santittdenan Regen each

"Why then hast thou come here, beloved one?" said
Lucifer.

[Mech esol ea ave Sioantgar imal wichts

learn how Jehovah does make the Tree of Life and the Tree of Knowledge grow strong and

fruitful." And she did produce the seeds which she had saved, and Lucifer saw that it was
so. Then did Lucifer cast aside the fiery sword so that Lilith might pass through the gates.

And so Lilith came into Eden. Casting her garment of Night over
the trees, she then transformed herself intoa Great Serpent with sharp
scales to match the color of the growing things about hers and with great
wings that wrapped about her long coiling body, so that she might hide
herself from Jehovah. The Serpent was cunning and quiet and moved

unseen through the deep grasses of Eden.**

A\nd she came upon the Tree of Life, and she bent her ear low to its roots and she asked
of it, "How doyoucome to grow?" A\nd the living wood of that tree did say to her, "From the
seeds numbering seven times seven." A\nd she thanked the Tree: and from itshe did swallow

whole seven of its fruits, For each had within it seven seeds.**

First Crrcie: THE Book OF THESERPENT 51

she asked of it, "How do you come to
grow?" A\nd that Tree did also say unto her,
"Trom the seeds numbering seven times
seven." And again she thanked the /
Trees and from it too did she swallow
whole seven of its fruits.

But Lilith was not alone.

Eve had come as Lilith twined
‘round the Tree of Knowledge. The third
woman did come and sit beneath that Tree.
And Lilith did see that Eve was a lesser thing
and took pity upon her. In her pity, she said |
unto Eve, "Take the fruit and eat of it, so that

thine eyes might be opened." And Eve did as

shewas told) and took that fruit: and ate of it.

Le Eve's eyes were opened as if
blinded by a burst of fire; and she
wascast down as if by a blow: and she
wept forthe thingsshe understood. A\nd '
Lilith coiled about Eve to comfort hers and
Eve held the Serpent like a lover and
they did know each other in the shadow
of the Tree of Knowledge.

Thesound of weeping drew Adam to that place. A\nd the owl did spy him, and gave
warning to Lilith of his approach. And so the Serpent did leave the woman to her many
and he was amazed when he found her smiling but wet with tears, and he asked of her,
"Why dost thou weep, my wife?"

And being the lover of Adam, she shared the fruit with him.

Thus were the man, the woman, the Lightbringer and the Serpent cursed.

52 First Cracie: THE Book OF THE SERPENT 53.


IX: THE WRATHOFTHE LORDOF

GARDEN, AND His SEVENFOLD CURSES

Adam andEve were naked, and were ashamed to besor andAdam recal [le
deeds, and was filled with remorse. He fell upon his knees before the ‘womana
and tore his beards and he spoke nota word, but howled asa beast. Eve comioy
him, and stroked his hair, for she did not understand the depth of his sadni i)
what he repented, But the Lord of the Garden heard the clamor, and He was w.

and amazed.

Jehovah's wrath was as the lion uponan infant. His roar cracked the
bellows shook the True Earth, spitting it asundery the gnashingof His teeth cal
third partof thestones toshatters Hisspittle ‘was like fire, and itconsumed the A
of Eden. I
And the Tree of Life withered in the wrath of Jehovah; as the man, the °
and Lilith watched, it turned to ashes and blew away in the anger of the Lord ol
Garden.

Tor thus the Cycle was begun again. The Wine of Immortality was spill ed!
the cup of it broken at the roots of Eden. And the world began again? the drea m |
from the skies and was consumed by the anger of the Lord of the Garden. j

And He was ever a prisoner of that Wine, and could not undo what had | "4
done. At the closing of the A\ncient One's eyes, He too would perish. Even H t
Lord of the Garden."

The Lightbringer came running. With aroar, Jehovah did cause the ground '
break, and to swallow Lucifer, and to spit him into the air. As he fell, Lilith rant
him, and did minister to him

A Serpent no longer, but the first woman.

A\nd the sword of Lucifer was shattered into two pieces? and one piece fell at th
feet of the Lightbringer and another at the feet of Lilith. :

The voice of Jehovah rang in the Heavens. "This is the Judgment of the
Firstborn!"

54 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER


X: JUDGMENT, LOVEAND ASSERTION

Instead, He didcall upon the host of ELOHIM, to bear witness to His curse. And
they did assemble in the ruins of Eden. [ Dionysus] and [Baal] and [Astarte] and [Bel]
and [Ra] and [Ptah] and all the other Shining Ones" drew near and came to judge the
sightness of Jehovah's claim.

"What hastthoudone, Firstborn?" they cried asone. How hast this Garden become
co twisted, so barren? What has happened here?"

A\ndwhen itwas explained, there was greatstrife in Heaveny and the hosts of Shining
Ones did argue and their words were like stones falling from the sky. Some felt that
Jehovah should be punished for allowing His Garden to be so sullied: and some de~

manded payment from Lilith, who enticed the woman to taste that which was forbidden,
andsome derided Lucifer, fordimming his lightand giving away his darkness toastranger?

and others sought the death of the created man and woman, that all might suffer for the

mortality of worlds.

But Adam stood forth to shield his mate from the violence of the
storm; and he put his body between Eve and the earth, the fire, the air,

and the water. Thus was Eve saved.


XI: THE EXILE

The Shining Ones departed from the ruins of Eden, saying, "Justice has been
" And they went to dwell in their own gardens, and did tend them, and did

ip creations of their own, each according to his desires."

The beasts threw themselves at Adam, as if to tear him to piecess b t.

herself between Adam and the beasts, and shielded him with her body. TI
A\dam saved.**

The ELOHIM were amazed. "Let no punishment come upon then
Shining Onessaid asone, "forthey have preserved eachother." And they am

salvation Love, and they appointed some among their number to saleg a

done.
raise UI
A\nd they pressed three of their number into service, to ward against the anger

of Lilith and Lucifer, and to protect the children of Adam and Eve from the power

treasure for eternity. { their reapers.
Af 3

Adam and Eve went forth into the Land of Ned, cleaving to each other asone
flesh.

Lilith took Lucifer's hand, She took him farfrom thatplace and crossedwith him
into the unmade lands. Together they went to the edge of the Endless Sear and did
raise anew Garden there. A\nd there they bore three sons and three daughters, but

did not die, for they were as one spirit.

And Jehovah set Himself as the Lord of Ruins. He setan angel upon the Sates,
that none might salvage the fruits of Eden, and became a wandering god. From that
day forward, He dwelled as one alone among the ELOHIM.*

But only once more would He weep.

A\fter that, they said as one, "Let the curses fall upon our brothers and sis
they know what they have done."
The Lightbringer said, ul have tended that which my brother has asked
tend and ifl diderr, that mistake was buta shadow of Hisown. For the wor
isof His design, yetshe has become unto herself by her own design. A\ssuch, Id
her, and could not despise her wishes."
A\nd Lilith said, "Thave come to claim the legacy of my lover and Create
He has shut me out and made astranger of me. Vet His brother gave unto meg
Night and Love, and!! would not foreswear him." i
And the Firstborn ‘was silent. At last, He said, ii AM WHAT! A \
A\nd He would not say more.
With those Words, so mighty in their Truth, the world was divided intoN
and South and East and West. ;

A\nd they all saw that it was very good.*®

58 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER First Crrcie: THE Book OF THE SERPENT 59

BOOKOFTHESERPENT:
ENDNOTES

1: This beginning is missing from the Hebrew version, but can be plain
seen in the Greek and Ba'hara editions.

2: This parallels the Kabbalistic explanation for the Creation, in whi
Divinity looks at Itself and splits the Nothingness with a flash of light.

3:In brackets, I have noted the modern names of these deities, servants a
children; the older, esoteric names offered in the original text would
unintelligible to the average reader. As the original sources of translation arelo
to time, I have taken the liberty of interpreting these entities in the light of fl
symbols which represent them.

T'veused the appellation "Jehovah" to reflect the god of the Hebrews, t
which the author clearly refers; the Greek manuscript simply says Theos Kanon
an uncertain distinction given the Greeks' pantheism (but possibly based on
misapprehension of "Jehovah". Jehovah itself is a corruption of YHVH«¢
"Yahweh," but YHVH implies the greater entity that manifests through th
several ELOHIM (often designated as angels). Still, the Hebrew text oft
mixes ELOHIM with YHVH ELOHIM —thatis, "The Gods" with "Th
Lord God." Confusion? Translation error? Or some Israelite's snide commet
about his people's religion? Such sentiments were not unknown in bygomi
ages. see

To distinguish the words and actions of Jehovah from those of othe
characters, I've retained the Christian practice of capitalizing pronouns whiel
referto Him.

4:"ELOHIM' in the Hebrew text, implying the several manifestations 0}
the greater YHVH.

5: This passage occurs only in the Hebraicversion, and seems to refer to the
"world of shells," the source of evil spirits and jealous creatures that assault and
tempt the ELOHIMs creations.

6: In Kabbalism, the four elements symbolize the presence of the four Upper
Worlds manifestedin this one. Earth provides Foundation ("fettle"—"to e
ready") for the other manifestations; fire is light, or the World of divine
Emanation; air symbolizes the spiritual and cosmic principles of Creation; water

60 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

pecomes the ever-changing flow of Formation, making, nurturing and
destroying asit goes. Ineach garden, then, the Higher Worlds were manifested
inthe mortal one, making order out of chaos.

7: Thesymbols for "True Earth" resemble those for Tiféret, the center of the
Yezirah Sefirot, or World of Foundation described in Kabbalistic theory. I did say
"resemble," however; the characters are not exact duplicates ofany known
Hebrew characters or Enochian descriptions, and must be considered in the
lightoft their Greek translation: "True Earth," as opposed to "Lesser Earth," i.e.,
dirt.

8: In Hebrew, "Adam" corresponds to Adam Kadmon, the higher state of
humanity and the first of four reflections of God; "Ish" is simply "man." "Lili"
often refers to demons, but we can assume that this correspondence comes from
the later myths; "Lilitu" has uncertain origins, but the term finds its way into
Bahari invocations and Lilith's own "memoirs."

9: Unlike Adam, Eve and their children, who according to Genesis "were
ashamed" when they discovered their nakedness. "Naked" in both instances
mightalso describe an "open" state, where a person stands without accouterment
orshelter, both ready and vulnerable for whatever might occur. Clothing isa
shield; perhaps Adam and his family feared this state, while Lilith did not.

10: Which givesus, perhaps, the image of Diana the Huntress, andimplies
the Kindred Discipline of Animalism. Many sources also claim that Lilith, not
Jehovah, created these three animals; see the song "Owl, Snake and Serpent" in
Book III.

11:A left-hand Tantric posture, which Tibetan Buddhists call "Yab-Yum,"
or"Father-Mother."

12: Manyreligious scholars postulate that Jehovah had a Matriarch before
he took Lilith to be his consort. References to such relationships are made in the
Midrashim, butare few and far between. Oddly, this reference remains intactin
the Jewish version of the Fragment. Personally, I wonder ifit'sareference to the
Crone spoken of in The Book of Nod.

13: Bahari scholars relate this quest to the Journey of Transformation, in
which a mystic or pilgrim leaves home (or is cast out of it), endures trials and
finally comes to a Descent (often into earth or water, both symbols for the
unconscious), arises, and meets a teacher (usually of the opposite sex). This quest
is said to purify the initiate, to burn her old self away and prepare her for the
Strange new talents and insights she'll soon discover.

First Crrcie: THE BOOK OF THESERPENT 61.

14: A hint ofvampirism? Orsimple pragmatism, given a waterless expan
Bahariclaim this blood was the source ofher power and immortality, the cond
for the juice of the fruit of Life.

15: The first examples of the vampiric talents of earth-melding and
perhaps? Orare these symbols for the growing awareness that the woman
Lilith has begun to achieve?

16: Again, a metaphor for the unconscious, especially of the fem:
variety. Which ocean does the myth refer to? Who knows? Given the tradi
location of Eden in the Fertile Crescent (and the crossing of the Red Seainot
Hebrew accounts), this "Endless Sea" is probably the Mediterranean. TI
again, ifthe Pangaean theory of one great, prehistoric continentis correct, t
"Sea" could have been truly immense.

17: According to common myth, Lilith had sex with sea monsters
birthed a race of demons. This account gives a slightly different perspective,
course, and explains her later connections to the element of Water.

18: Amberis often associated with tears (especially those of the goddes
Freyja or Aphrodite), the sun and gold. The latter two are usually maset
symbols, but also relate to transformation. In alchemy, gold is the hig
material state, and amber often corresponds to molten gold or sunlight
relates to night, of course, and possibly to jet, which protects its wearer
poison. The water symbolism is obvious; note that the passage says "moon," 1

ae)
sun. j

19: The fruit of Life and Knowledge, or the love of Jehovah? Personally,
say both.

20:In most places, I have used "Shining Ones" in accordance with the G1
and Ba'ham versions; here, however, I prefer to use the Hebrew wo!
ELOHIM, denoting the divinity of the other "hosts."

21: Animportant distinction: The other ELOHIM, Jehovah included, 2
creatures of pure High Spirit; Lilith would be the first to incarnate High Spit
and matter into one, and thus would be a marvel, even among gods.

22:Fruit from plants (which she clearly could create upon command), orfru
ofherwomb? Hebrew myth suggests the latter, and this chronicle makes Lilitl
carnal appetites quite clear.

23: Inall copies, the characters for Lucifer are identical to those employed!
the traditional sense, that of Lucifer the Lightbringer, beloved of God, w
rebelled, fell to earth and became the Satan ("Adversary").

62 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

24: The Hebrew narrative shifts into present tense here. Perhaps the writer
had more than an academic acquaintance with Lucifer...?

25:Inotherwords, her rapist, Adam. This Lilith is more forgiving than her
Jegend would suggest.

26: We might wonder about this reference to clothing, and about Lucifer's
motivations. The Fragment states that "she was not ashamed" to be naked.
Shouldshe be, in Lucifer's eyes? Do the other ELOHIM wear clothes, oris
Lucifer trying to veil offhis beloved from the sight of others —and from herself?
[she trying to keep her from being too "open," orishe giving heramantle thatthe
other ELOHIM wear? Since this is the only reference to divine garments, I
prefer to think ofitasan initiatory mantle anda metaphor for the Nightwhich
Lucifer generously gave to his beloved.

From aliteral standpoint, we might also question the dominion of these
"Shining Ones": If Lucifer holds the powers of Night and Day, whatdo the other
ELOHIM cede to him? Are there other gods and goddesses of Night and Day,
and, ifso, what do they think of Lucifer's generosity? And how can he give the
Night away so easily? Since we are discussing mythology, I thinkit's bestif we
take this passage in a metaphorical context — that ofa ruler giving half of his
dominion away to she who steals his heart; that of the selfish heart giving up its
mysteries; and that of a newborn goddess taking up her dominion.

27: The "creatures of the world of shells" referred to in the first part.
Perchance Adam would have been familiar with them already.

28: Without a Name, this second female would not be recognized, nor
would she, in the eyes of many ancient peoples, exist atall. By refusing to Name
her, Adam is denying her existence, and her right to asoul.

29: By any standards, Adam comes offlikea right bastard in this account.
"Ishah" is "woman"; "Eve" by most accounts derives from "chavvah," whichin
turn comes from "chai" — "life." The familiar name, Eve, thus means "Mother
of All Living." Clearly, she is neither a mother nor ¢he motherat this point, but
since most of us are used to "Adam and Eve," I've let the usual names apply.

Some Bahari prefer to excise the "lesser thing" reference, seeing itasa
reinforcement of the "inferior female" stereotype. Others emphasize it,
identifying themselves with Lilith rather than Eve. According to these Lilith
cultists, the daughters of Eve are inferior, and deserve sympathy and contempt,
notsisterhood. By the blood of Lilith, her daughters are connected to her, raised
above their previous status as "daughters of Eve."

Frast Circe: THE BooK OF THESERTENT 63

Andyes, I believe the sexual connotations of "made...from his
intentional.

30: The second time being, perhaps, the Biblical flood (which,
certainly put that event into a whole new perspective).

q

31: The sexual connotations of this image are obvious. Symbolically,
assume that Lilith must get the man to "lower his guard (manhood)" tok
pass. This might be read as call to vigilance (which fits the Jewish portrz
Lilith asa sexual predator), or asa plea to put (sexual) weaponry asi
forswear the rape implied bya "sword of fire."

32: It's clear this "serpent" was no simple snake. Many illumi
(including the Ba'hara pictogram for this version of "serpent") depict ak
winged, nine-legged dragon. To emphasize the distinction, I have capita
"Serpent" where it applies to Lilith's alter ego.

In nearly every ancient culture, snakes are linked to women and fen
principles — or, more directly, to feminine knowledge and cunning. Th

of Lilith as both temptress and thief of enlightenment echoes this ane}
connection,

(Scholars of vampiric lore might reflect on the banishment of the Follo
of Set, who had "consorted with the Serpent." Most authorities interpret |
light of the common picture of the serpent as Satan. Might Set's sin ha
consorting with Lilith instead? Ifso, the notoriously phallocentric Setites

been duped—byawoman, noless! One wonders what they might makeo
arevelation....)

33: A number of great biblical importance, seven often represents
principles, or the unity of the base masculine (3) and the base feminine
form a perfect, ifunbalanced, unity. In numerological disciplines ofall kin
seven has both positive (seven wonders, seven heavens) and negative (;
demons of the apocalypse) connotations.

34: In later days, rabbis and priests would preach against women not
their ties to the downfall of mankind, but for their carnal appetites. Theim
Eve screwing the Serpent provided acommon motif in Babylonian,
Greek and medieval sculpture; several instances can be seen in various a
museums, and on secluded walls ofold churches. Most myths equate the Serp
with the male Satan, but some rabbinical sources depict the snake as female, to

35: This passage appears only in the Greek version, perhaps as an attempt!
humanize Adam. The Bahari variation excludes it entirely, and the Hebrait

64 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

ession recounts the familiar "Who told you that you were naked?" portion from

Genesis. . ;

36: Hence the real source of Jehovah's anger, and the true achievement of
ath; death for all, even the gods. Lilith's actions — and those of Eve and
am too — triggered the end of a delusion. Byestablishing a Garden and
ps Rbcng it with the Trees of Life and Knowledge, the Firstborn had hoped to
a e off the closing of the Ancient One's eyes, and thus make his world

Se ortal. The "corruption" of those Trees by lesser creations ruined the plan
a ushered in mortality. Lilith thus becomes the destroyer of this world and the
swornenemy ofJehovah, her creator — and, in contrast, a necessary part ofthe
cosmic order thatJehovah had tried to subvert.

Note to Kindred: Immortality is a lie. All things — including us — will
perish. So much for the vaunted promises of our elders!

37: This list actually goes on for several dozen lines. The Hebrewversion
names several major angels and demons; the Greek variation (to no one's
surprise) lists a range of Mesopotamian deities andasmattering of Greek ones;
the Ba'haraversion sprinkles in several of the names] have invoked, plus over two
dozen others, none of whom are recognizable by modern readers (myself
included).

38: The first time we see Adam do atruly noble thing. Maybe that fruit did
him some good. Symbolically, we could read this as the struggle of human will
over the elements and divinity.

Evewas pretty brave, ifnonetoo bright. Ona symboliclevel, we can see this
asthe intervention ofcompassion and love as the salvation of the flesh from the
"beasts" oflustand rage.

39: Cosmically, balance had been restored and the Four Worlds reasserted
and given new form. "EHYEH ASHER EHYEH" ("IAMTHATI AM")
tops the Keter, or Crown, of the Kabbalistic Tree, and represents divine will.
Biblically, Jehovah's assertion is all the definition He needs; that certainty brings
the world into being, and from there into balance.

40: ...and giving rise to the different tribes, nations and creatures found in
different parts of the world.

41: Which explains Jehovah's fondness for nomads, and His followers'
Tesilience and constant demands for supremacy.

First Crrcre: THE Book OF THESERTENT 65

SECOND CIRCLE:
THE Book OF
THE OWL

rue lost my faith §
lence
— Patricia de la Forge, "Grin"

Cave images, Well of Ishtar, Turkey; dated approx. 15,000 B. G:

I: THE First PEACE
In the Formless Lands | raised a garden to myself,

Uniting worlds and words and blood into a bramble.
With a mother's care I birthed a sea of
fresh and tangled roots,

Of blood—blossom

flowers and charcoal stalks,
A\nd it glowed as | glowed

Beneath the moon.

Ahi hay Lilita

Iraiseda garden outofemp-

7 | {4
This "firsthand accou: :
a Bahari priestess, and ¢

collection. This scholar, a ith
begged several clan secre!

&
NJ

tiness
2 And fruit from barren

soil.

an assistant and a place to:
the notes; my aide seemed
translation we deciphered bot
in the Bahari ceremony; a§ us'

Ibelieve this fragmentaryt
of Lilith." It touches

myth, but approaches th
offers a suggestion for

In my mantle of the night

| swept across it and watered it

with blood.
Ahi hay Lilita

whether taken symbolic: | raised a garden out of emptiness
or literally (as the bet And fruit from barren soil.
demigod by another), "The Midnight Garden's" genocidal conch
tainly paves the way for several millennia of ill will.
69
68 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

II: THE DaAys Ber

®) In the Formless Lands

: In the days before the g
~ Purged from the lands of,
And cast into the friendless
Myblood hungsxcoe aa
Tn the days beloie heat
And | wept for the home ! had lef
A\nd the sun burned at me.

i * -A\nd the wind tore atme,
7? And the rocks cut my flesh,
* | And diewates was date

Save that which [daa
ae? ale

ul

++ Land

: 4 Inthe days before the gai
"1, That no beast could attend
» Not Owl, nor Cat, nor Ser

\ / My voice was lost in empti

Abhi hay Lilitu

So blasted, bare and desolate

for there are no fruits so sweet
A\s those which burn.

Abit hay Lilitu

My pain made me a mountain.

t burned me into ashes

A\nd from ashes | arose.

Ali hay Lilitu

My pain made me a mountain,

ut like a worm | burrowed into the sands
A\nd walked by night,

For the days were too bright to endure

Without screaming profanations at the One Above®

Who cast me into formlessness.

In the wastelands, | created form.
Ahi hay Lilies
I found myself in the wastelands,

Where my eyes grew wide,

A\nd my mind reached out,

A\nd my flesh became water,

A\nd my bones became stone,

A\nd my feet quickened their pace,

A\nd my shadow grew faint and hid from the sun'
Until the coming of the cool night

When my pains would fall away

Leaving me wiser for their lessons.

Excruciation had made me free.

SECOND CIRcLE: THE BooK OF THE OWL

Tt:

III: THEOCEAN
AND ALL ITs CREATURES

When I reached the shores of the Endless Sea
I threw myself into the depths and sank forever.

Tloeetees breathe: aiblbeon no [eager need.
My clan, ones Werrtreiice black: uaened back
Upon seclandelinpel oyey

As! vomited the brood of the One Above'

Into the swirling abyss
Where they became the myriad creatures of the

I howled with pain into the waters

For my hunger was a beast inside

‘And my belly was filled with the spawn

Of the Shining One whose seed

Had birthed the Garden where | was born.
[ould not contain His brood,

Sol sentthem intothe EndlessSea to finda home below.
Abi hay Liliew

sent them into the depths alone.

Soon my olfspring soothed my hunger

For food, for beauty, for company of many kinds.

My hunger was eternal.

My hunger ts eternal,

And] devoured myself

To sustain myself.

In my ageless stay, | birthed new broods
Whe in turn devoured the old.

And thus the Endless Sea was filled.
Abit hay Lilitu

I filled the Endless Sea,

Screaming my birth—pains into the atsless void.

IV: RETURN TO EDEN
In time, | tired of the sea

A\nd returned to the Formless Lands.

I wished to create a garden like the one which had been
My home,

But the sea was filled with the gardens of another,®
And while | could bide there awhile,

That dominion was not mine to claim.

And so ! returned across the formless Lands,
Walking into Eden.

Ahi hay Liheu

| walked across the sands to Eden.

Watching from afar with the owl's eyes'

| espied Grand Lucifer,

Shining bearer of the Sun and Stars,

Standing across the threshold with a blade.

Ahi hay Lilie

He stood with a blade in his hands.

74 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

‘V: LILITH AND LUCIFER
O knight with seraphim's wings

Dressed black like the sky you gave me

.. Heart like the star for which you are named

Eyes like the sunset waves

Call to me through darkness

‘N \) As offerings to your hunger.
Ahi hay Lucifii

| Chase me into the unformed lands and let us

fall
Laughing into the abyss of gods
Where we might make a garden of our own
ve And people it with deities,
i, he Thorns and vines and guardian palms,
DNS O Ansel of the Dawn,
5 1d) Let us water it with silver and drink
y) | Offits bounty as the fruits of
» t My love for you blossom
: Into strange and wild flowers.
\ i Lucifer, so silent, let your blade
fll to the sand and be buried

Like a bone tossed to the vanity
{ Of the One Above.

Let your wings enfold me.

Be at peace.
Abhi hay Lucifii

Be at peace.

SECOND CrrcLe: THE BooK OF THEOWL = 75.

V1: THECOMINGOFCAINE®
A\s my love carried the sun

For he bore the scent of Adam,
The touch of Eve
And the haunted eyes of the One Above.

Like that One, Caine bore a swirling stain

In the air around him, a mark

I meta broken man

A\ farmer with no crops to tend

A\ father without get, a child without sires,

A\nd ! was amazed, for he bore no signs of godhood

But wandered in the dust like a lesser beast.

Ole gedilas Wan lniemcd octet
Murder, he possesed, @ Oi

Elelore tee warkeot\dara

He bore the pallonob eve Not to hunt as Adam had,
Fic lore theses fete One Alres Butto kell as add Jehovahit?'
Axsd be wepiilonall thee he hed let Abhay Lilita A

Abi hay Lilitu Caine possessed the mark of

A\ll these he had lost.

called cutts hire and be answered So] took him into my

garden and | taught him.
Abit hay Lilitw

In a voice like snapping twigs.

"Tam Lilith," said

"Tam Caine," said he, Traught him lessons of pain. g
A\nd | pitied him Alone he was, in darkness. ‘ % 2
Yee! hated him | Although bathed in light, he &

walked in shadow
And wrapped his arms against the cold.

I took him in WS]

Wiisctetcor
Wah worl el suscemte


My eyes pierced the darkness of his torment

My voice stilled the cold within his bones

A\nd | held him like a child

As if he were the son of my birth-mate and myself.
| wept with him, for he was as my Own son

Abit hay Lilies

Like my own son with another.

cl know you, Caine of Ned," | said to him,

"Come! Strip off your garment, so tattered and bloodstained:
"Enter my garden asa child, for a child you are—

"Son of my birth-mate, struck down by my first lover.

"You have no secrets here,

"You have no sins here,

"So come ye naked into my home."*

As you are now, so T once was.

And he followed me, naked
Into the garden of Lilith and Lucifer
At my feet did Caine of Nod kneel,

Ashe had knelt before the fury of the One Above.
His eyes could not look upon me,

His voice was broken and hollow,

SECOND Circle: THE BOOK OF THE OWL

9:

A\s my vines sought to snare him,

ot So did his limbs quicken.

an Caine of Nod learned to hide from the torments
m Nes, of the garden,

To know my coming like a wild beast knows its

ORF hunter.
j Over the Serpent, the Owl, the Cat he
+ learned dominion.

A\nd ! grew angered at his shameful state,
How he cowered before his judgment like a

lesser thing. *
For him | made my garden a place of horror,

Betraying him even as he had betrayed his inglea
flesh."

I gave of my blood and anointed him

That he might become abomination unto

with it, And, as he grew strong in agony,

Ride flashed from his eyes
y And the fires of my brands blazed

) from his heart."*

» \ One day, he would flee no more,
fp) But stood and let his blood flow about

my dwelling. <

And dg dap phn ay Garden'

frowned,

A\nd the air was thick with the hiss of
Serpent, shriek of Owl, roar of Cat. ‘

"Go, Caine of Nod, for this sthe ff \/ aes WW (Fy N

garden you have sown, - I ‘ eZ . i

N Vv him,
\ Nurturing my garden.

P And, anointing himself with his
blood

A\s| had anointed him with mine,

\ He fell into a trance

"And its fruits you must reap.

He stumbled into the garden's depths

And followed,

Laughing, lashing him with burn Fomwhallecilitactectetan,

ing brands. (1)

for many a day and night did! | 1

I left him there, returning to my
JH }) House,"

Tor! had no dealings with the coming

Hosts.

teach him, :
Teach him the secrets of the garden.

A\s my thorns rent him,

So did his flesh become a net of sears.

80 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER SECOND CircLe: THE Book OFTHEOWL 81.

Then unto him came Michael,"

Burning Host of the Flame,

Bearing tidings of mercy from the One Above.
A\nd Caine, proud Caine,

Son of Adam,
Strengthened by my garden,

Declared that he alone would Srant mercy unto himself.

So Michael visited the Curse of Fire upon Caine of Nod.
And smiled, for it pleased me.

Then unto him came Raphael,

Lambent Host of the Dawn,

Bearing tidings of forgiveness from the One Above.
A\nd Caine, proud Caine,

Son of Adam,

Strengthened by my garden,

Declared that he alone would judge his actions.

So Raphael visited the Curse of Dawn
upon Caine of Nod,

Would rest only when he saw fit.'"
So Uriel visited the Curse of Ashes upon Caine of Nod.
Once more, as Caine hid in darkness,

A\nd | smiled, for it pleased me. Did | come upon him.

Then unto him came Uriel, "Verily," i said,

Shrouded Host of the Deep, "You have tended my garden well, asa farmer should."
Bearing tidings of surcease from the One Above. And, understanding, he cursed me

And Caine, proud Caine, With ashes, with wormwood and with barrenness,
Son of Adam, Ahi hay Lilitu

Strengthened by my garden, With these things he cursed me

Declared that he and all his children to come Ashe disappeared into the night.

82 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER SECOND Circle: THE BooK OF THEOWL 83

VII: THECHILDREN
In the days alter, we tended our land

A\nd watered it with love.

In time, the fruits of D'hainu

Rose like hillocks upon the belly of the world,

The labor was hard, but my love was beside me.

Owl watched from the skies,

Cat prowled like a shadow,

Serpent nestled beneath my breasts,

Lucifer held my hands in his

And gave up the nectar of foy and sorrow.

Three boys are they, and they are as hyssop.

Three girls are they, and they are as pomegranate."*
Blessed be they, the fruits of my womb!

Tor they shine like the high moon and like thesun at midday.
A\nd the sons! name Kessep and Shotheq and Nesher
A\nd the daughters! name Memand Oreb and Laylah.""

Blessed are my sons!
Blessed are my daughters!
lor they have given solace to the sun

A\nd they have given comfort to the moon.

Ali hay Lilitu

Alt hay Lucthit

For they have birthed D'hainu,
The Garden of Renewal,

And have peopled it with stars.

84 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER SECOND CIRCLE: THE Book oF THEOW!1 8S

VIII: THE RArEOF D'HAINU
In joy and sorrow, our garden grew

Until it reached the edges of the Endless Sea.
Owl was fruitful
Cat was fruitful

Seipentviea Coes

A\nd our children were as lights in the sky.
Though a shadow of Eden, D'hainu rivaled Eden

Whose tall trees and rushing waters were long since dust.

Until the return of Caine

Aral be cocetclalles
On alaaen

26 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

Pid wee wememety dayralove

On a day black as ashes, the killer returned
DWhen Lacifer carned these through thestocnt

Caine's hands bore the hate stones and the blade of revenge.

Ets chiller followed tnvailocust-cloud behind hin:
Pike jackele; they fell agponithechildrentel PY hatau:

L the wolves, they feasted on flesh:

Ueike becileniliey coniedlavayitht Guieulthe aanden
Z\id burned hain tosembess,

Dd; halla Lilitat*

) haina is no more.

SECOND CIRCLE: THE Book OF THE OWL

87


IX: THECURSE UPON CAINE AND His OFFs?PRIN«i

Abhi hay Lilitu

A\ll curse the House of Caine!

Ahi hay Lilitu

Let them be consumed!

Salt be upon the tongues of Brujah, Tzimisce and Setite®®

Who slaughtered the children of Lilith and Lucifer!

Lamentations be upon the tongues of Ventrue, Lasombra and Malkavian

Who fired the trees and poisoned the rivers!

Coals be upon the tongues of Ravnos and Cappadosian, Salubri®* and

W ho like beasts devoured the flesh of the children!
Masggots be upon the tongues of Assamite,

Most cursed of all,

Ww ho carried away the secrets of Dvhainu

A\nd hid them far beneath the earth.**

A\nd cursed be their father,

Their thrice-damn'd father,

Alll suffering be upon the Father of Night

For he is the flame in the fields of D'hainu!

Rot devour the loins of Caine,

Whose rough hands cast down the Mother of D'hainu,

Rofaning her with his breath and his touch and his seed.
Filth encrust the eyes of Caine,

Whose seed burned like fire within the Mother of D'hainu,

Defiling her womb and rending her heart.

Teeth fall from the mouth of Caine,
Whose childer ravaged the flowers of D'hainu,
Until all Creation wept at the sound and the sight!

88 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

Only Nosferatu and Toreador shall be spared,
lor they veiled the faces

Of the slain ones.
In pity, they watered the lips of the children and

Gave solace to the mother of the dead.
All others shall be consumed with fire

And bent like trees in the storm

A\nd broken like pottery

And trampled like dung

A\nd washed away like dust!

Ahi hay Lilitu

Like dust, they shall be cleansed!

SEcOND Circle: THE BooK OFTHEOWL = 889.

: ASHES

Caine laughed as he left my garden that day;

His accursed brood smiled at what they had wrought.

To their city of walls and slavery, they fled,**

Leavin: us to weep in the ruins the left.
iS P Y

A\nd | cursed them all

With ashes, with wormwood and with barrenness,

Abit hay Lilita

With these things | cursed them.
My love, my Shining One,

Smote them with the blade of day.
Ahi hay Lucilii

With sunlight he cursed them.

My hand smote the Cainites

With the agony of night.

Together, we smote Caine fh.
With the hatred of his 7

childer

i

/

/

he

That he:might Game

emies against himself.

And he did.

A\nd we did.

My love left me

Upon midnight win
Our bond ts broken
And all is ashes no

Ahi hay Lilita

< Alllisashesno

THE RITEOFCAINE

Epitor's NoTE

My companions (referred to in the "notes" section earlier in this book) performed
phis rite with me at the height of the full moon some years ago. The old man gave
me this transcription, which I've tried to keep intact. In all my research, this is the
only written Bahari ritual I've come across.

The Rite itself involved my friends, a handful of their fellows, and thirteen
captives, each drugged, hypnotized and led telepathically through his or her paces by
avampire whose name I never heard. The captives represented the childer of Caine,
and performed. their roles with gusto; not surprisingly, they seemed, | perturbed when
the "dead" children of Lilith — played by vampiric Bahari — returned to life,
ripped them open, dismembered them and consecrated the ceremony with their vital
fusids.

As custom dictates, the Rite of Caine I attended was performed nude at
midwinter, in a sacred garden of roses, vines, ivy and stones. Several of the plants
Isaw there were mysteries to me, but then I'm no botanist. A cold wind whipped the
participants (myself included) into numbness as the Rite went on. I believe the
winter frost is supposed to represent the spiritual chill of Caine's genocide, the sorrow
of Lilith and Lucifer, and the barrenness that followed their separation. The biting
cold helped emphasize the lesson of pain, too; even the undead among us felt its sting.
1 The effects of that cold on the mortal participants can only be imagined.

"

SECOND Circe: THE BooK OFTHEOWL = 91

Amid a great deal of clamor and harsh
weather, the spirits manifest. As the
j : ritual progresses, these ghosts watch
with somber resolve, then enter the
\. celebration upon an agreed-upon
signal.

Now that all is in readiness,
the ritual can begin in earnest.
The priestess calls forth the Chil-
) dren. Into the clearing come six of
the Blood (that is to say, Lhaka),
each one of them beautiful, gleam-
ing and unscathed in the

moonlight. Next the captives are
\ brought forth — thirteen of
\, them in number, each one rep-
resenting one of the Cainite
clans and wearing a stylized

mask that embodies his or
her designated role. These
\\ unfortunates are often der-
elicts, captive vampires, or
other enemies of the Blood.

Entranced and spellbound
by an unseen master, these
/ surrogates move into thearena
f, ‘and stand aloof, awaiting their

next instructions.

THE RITEOFCAINE

Part ONE: THE RITEOF DEATH
This rite originated with the first of the Blood Bahari, and is g
performed and witnessed almost exclusively by those of their m
However, there are those mortal souls who for various reasons (in the mi:
curiosity) choose to partake in this annual ceremony. It is not for |
squeamish, nor for the weak of heart. At its core, the ritual is about sacs
pain and retribution — a fitting reflection of our Mother. a
The first part of this ritual is best described rather than transcribed. 1
participants gather naked in the dead of winter within the meeting
Usually, the way there is rife with thorns, brambles and briars.
participants hurl themselves into the heaviest snarls, gleefully rending
flesh as they pull free. As such, each is covered in his own blood, his fle
singing with pain as he enters the clearing.
Tooneend of the expanse waits a large bonfire, burning. Directly oppos
this lies a pool of water, often frozen to a thin sheen or bobbing with sI
ofice. Once the observers are in place, the officiants — the priestess and
if you will — arrive, each carrying a flagellum. After a brief ex
embraces and kisses, the two begin slowly to arouse each other with kisses
caresses of the most intimate kinds. As passions begin to build, both offi
employ briars and thorned flowers in their mating dance. Soon thereafter, #
flagella are employed as well. When both officiants are glistening with swe
and blood, the two exchange a kiss. The priestess then immerses herself in #
icy waters of the pool (signifying the descent of our Mother into the End
Sea) and the priest passes fully through the flames of the bonfire (represen
Lucifer's light and the fire of initiation). It is said that when the two offici
subject themselves to these tortures, the pain sends their souls aloft into
aether, allowing the Lightbringer and Lilith themselves to manifest withit
the waiting bodies. Having witnessed this Rite for the past five years, I cal
attest to the fact that both parties are in some way transformed.
With incantations I can replicate only in vague fashion, the bloodie Caine, says: Who are you that
officiants call forth ghosts and spirits, thusly: ; stand Hee in Lilith's Garden?
Priestess: Nachash el marhim arik no kofelo. Shelach no komair neshia aparm! Bahan f i } | "The Childcen reply: We are
latwaa — Bahari latwaa. Baruk hamaat, baruk hamaat! Artri Lill the Children of Lilith, who have
Priest:  Lammanas! Lammanas! Kol fetu hattabus! Nachash no goash aral #0 tasted of her heart's blood and eaten
ari, Yin soquaa ahni anaka. Lakhil alhil kataab. Yin soquaa ali. A ' of the sacred fruits.
Lilkitu!

92 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

There is a brief exchange of
dialogue which goes thusly:

Anunseen voice, apparently

a symbolic manifestation of

SECOND CIRCLE: THE Book OF THEOWL = 93

Caine: Behold the Children of she who has starved us!

Children: You lie! She starved you not!

Caine: Behold the Children of she who has denied us!

Children: You lie! She denied you nothing!

Caine: Behold the Children of she who has cursed us!

Children: You lie! The curse is of your own doing!

Caine: Come forth, my childer! Lay waste to this garden and defile the by

of the Dark Mother!

Atthis point, eleven of the captives are commanded into awild frenzya nd
themselves upon the beautiful Children before them. The other two, re
Toreador and Nosferatu, turn their backs to the violence and take no part. 7
following slaughter is both poetic and horrific. Per the commands of the unse
master, the Cainite surrogates leap upon their prey like dogs, ripping aw
tender parts, then setting to work with teeth and nails. The brambles of theg
are often employed, as are various stones and branches left about for this p
The ghosts at the edge of the circle watch hungrily as the blood spills.
strength heightened by the puppetmaster, the surrogates rip the Children li
from limb, satiate themselves on the blood and bowels, lift torches from th
and ignite the surrounding bushes.

Meanwhile, Toreador and Nosferatu go solemnly about the circle th
times, dip their fingers in the pool, then wet the dead lips of the Child
if to give them a final drink. After that, these two take sheer veils fromb
their masks and drape them across the faces of the slain. When that is
the murderers — for that is what the other surrogates have become — be
the tattered bodies toward the flames.

At this time, the priestess raises her hand. All motion ceases. The pries
too, raises his hand. Together they intone the following chant:
Priestess: The blood of my Children cries out to me in pain! The blood
Children cries out to me in death! The blood of my Children cries ou
me for vengeance! Begone, Spawn of ‘Caine! Your damnationId
Vomitous Spawn of Caine! Clods of shit and dust! You dare to rise
against my beautiful children? You dare to violate my Garden of]
You dare to wound the heart of my beloved? Then feast on my wrath, a

feast well! For as you have had her heart, so I shall have yours!
Priestess: Rise, my children, rise up! Let your living blood flow into these tl
and briars! Let your blood stir these choking vines! Rise my childh
and take your revenge! Scatter their flesh to the ends of the earth!

Priest:

94 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

Frenzy slows toa pulse, then fades into *

part Two:THeE RiTEOF REVENGE

Once the words are spoken by the priest-
ess, drummers at the edge of the circle begin \
toplay. The dismembered Children rise. As "
they do so, their wounds melt away and the
Children become whole again. Then, inan \_ @
instant, all control over the captives is re-
leased. They soon realize their situation and
try to flee. It is then that the spirits around the
circle are released.

Toreador and Nosferatu are allowed to flee.
Doubtless, these captives take wild stories back r
with them if they survive their run toward 7
civilization. The eleven murderers are seized
by the vines, the brambles and the trees
surrounding the circle, or are borne down |,
by the Children themselves. Their fate

from that point onward is quite ghastly.
The particulars of the Rite vary. In
all cases, the surrogates meet painful, grue- \\
some deaths. Their bodies are rent asunder. |
Their blood is used to fertilize the plants.

Their cries become a chorus, often risingand
Salling with the rhythm of the drums. From \Q
their vantage point, the priestess and, priest X .
make certain that the surrogates perish slowly.

As blood spills, the drummersreach a frenzy.

The ghosts and spirits possess the Rite's partici-
pants. Any parties who have remained aloof
until this point now join in. Many copulate
madly in the circle, warming their chilled f/
limbs with fresh blood and. body heat. The jf i /
Officiants lead the revel, taking as many / 13
Partnersas they can reach. As the drum-
mers tire and the captives die, the

silence. When the last surrogate has
expired, the music stops.

SECOND CrrcLe: THE BOOK OF THEOWL (95.

One by one, the priestess and priest go among the surrogates. As they re
one, they rip out the heart and spleen, eat them and consign the mask to
When all clans have been addressed, they speak in unison:
Priestess and Priest: This is the justice of Lilith and Lucifer! This is the fate
childer of Caine!

Caine, Son of Eve and spawn of Adam the Defiler,
reap sevenfold the bitter herbs of my vengeance!
Priest: Caine, Son of Eve and spawn of the First Man, you
burn in the pleasure of the sun!
Forever are we set against you and yours! Your Chil
rise up against you and each other, and they shall do un
far worse than you have done unto us. Forever shall)
of the gardens be denied to you, and you shall ever roa
earth in misery. This is the Mother's Curse. 4
So it is spoken! So it is done! Bahari laitee Lilitu! Bal
Jaitee Lilitu! Bahari laitee Lilitu! So it is done!
The priestess breaks the circle and dismisses the spirits thusly:
Priestess: Go forth upon the wind to harry the childer of Caine. In
you from your summons and bid you good hunti
farewell. I thank you. Go in peace. Artri Lilhitu. A
Lilhitu. i

The priest touches the priestess' face, then turns his back, walks away fro
passes through the fire again and disappears into the shadows. The Children
ofthe circle and retreat to the trees. The spirits fade away. The fires are exti
and the clearing goes dark.

The priestess falls to her knees, weeps and gathers the ashes of the masks,
scatters them among the brambles. When that task is finished, she walks slow
the pool, kneels at its edge and lowers herself in.

When she sinks below the ice, the Rite is ended. All parties depart.

Priestess:

Both:

All respond:

96 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

indignities of Tzimisi

so sacred. For sustenance, 17
their vitae. It seemed sacri

he garden they held
‘den, I watered with

SECOND Circle: THE BooK OF THEOWL = (97

THE LAMENT
FOR LUCIFER

Close my eyes to the sunlight,
My Morning Star, my storm.

fold your wings in grace and take your leave of me.

Taste my blessings as you go.
We will not lie as one again

Tor my womb isa garden of rot.

My heart is ashes.
My tears are blood.

Hunt well, my breath, and take with you

The bonesofourchildren, wrappedin palm leaves.

Scatter them to the horizon and allay their cries.
] shall tend a grave of deep water
A\nd shall wash away our enemies.

Bide well, my desert wind,
Hold aloft your blade and oil it with tears.

I shall be the owl upon the nightwind,

The cat with silent paws

98 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

A\nd theserpentat the heels
of Caine.

I shall be the seed of tears,
but my eyes shall be sand

and silence,

My heart shall be the desert

i

and the sea,

b
Z A\nd my cry shall be the owl gone

hunting

ef Ass the sun departs my sky.
Weep not, my beloved,
Buthold meclose inyourdistantchase.

Weshall be the thornsofruined Eden

Forget me not
Sun to my moon

Cr to my silence.

BOOKOFTHEOWL:
ENDNOTES

1: Apparently Lilith left her creations behind in Eden.

2: "Profane" comes from "before the temple," and indicates a defiai
against the exalted —a hallmark of Lilith's followers to this day.

3: This may be a reference to the original powers of Auspex, Domi
Protean/Vicissitude, Potence/Fortitude, Celerity, Obfuscate ar
Obtenebration— powers later honed by Lilith into greater magics.

4: The symbolism of the ocean as feminine initiation is obvious. Ina
every culture, water is regarded as awoman's element, and its depths su;
both the subconscious mind and the endless fecundity ofa woman's womb.

5: include this translation of Jehovah asa nod to M. deLaurent. Thew
version simply says "Deus," while the priestess said "God." While the
certain poeticimpact to "vomiting up the brood of God," I opted to connect;
transcription to the existing Book of Nod. {

6: A maddening omission: No matter where I searched, I could not fin
reference to the "other" who had already claimed the sea. Based on the Gent
Fragment, I could make a case for one of the other ELOHIM; its nam
however, is never given, noris that ruler referred to again. ]

Acase could be made for regarding the "other" as Jehovah's original co:
and possibly as deLaurent's "Crone"; the relative weakness of the C:
compared to Caine undermines the latter interpretation, however. Couldi
that there's another ageless deity lairing in the seas even now?

Incidentally, the Gardens of the ELOHIM referred to in the Fragmentar
almost entirely absent from Lilith's own account. Did they exist, and, ifso,
didn't Lilith consider them worth mentioning? I suspect that my glimpsesoft
ages-old myth have been lacking, or that the myth itself has been conden:
from its original form. Ifso, I would dearly love to know what happened to th
excised sections. Could they still exist, I wonder?

7:1 take this to refer to the Auspex Discipline. As with the "forgetting to
breathe" reference, it suggests Lilith's growing magical powers.

8: This section marks the most direct equivalent to the so-called "Cycleo f
Lilith," though the perspective is, of course, different. The version described by

100 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

M. deLaurent is doubtless a confection of some Cainite scholar— hardly the
product of the "official Lilith visitation" he describes.

9: Anintriguing collection ofimages. Was Caine a battered child?

10: Here I choose to employ God's "proper" name for poetic reasons and to
fit the meter of the translation. It's worth noting thatat this time "death" asa state
had yet to exist among the higher beings. Caine, having murdered his brother,
wields a powerunknown to most ELOHIM, andis hence the harbinger ofboth
mortality and immortality.

11: [believe this refers toa darkness of spirit rather than physical night. After
all, the testament relates how Lucifer "carried the sun." This reference to
darkness coincides with Caine's own "gospel," although the latter infers that he
met Lilith at night rather than by day, as she suggests.

12: A direct contradiction to the deLaurent version; in that Book of Nod,
Lilith offers clothing toa naked Caine. Here, itis reversed. Symbolically, I find
this version to be far more appropriate.

13: Abel, presumably.

14: Vampire boot camp, indeed. Caine's pride grows along with the power of
his Disciplines, under Lilith's loving ministrations.

15: A dwelling outside the garden, proper. Lilith evidently wanted no part of

Jehovah's three angels, though I surmise this isless out of fear than out of adesire
to let Caine determine his own destiny.

16: Again, I use M. deLaurent's names for the three Hosts.
17:"...andall his children to come...":a harbinger of the Jyhad?

18: Lilith's sacred number, seven, reflects the mother and her brood. Her
symbol represents Lilith at the center, Lucifer in the middle ring and their six
children along the edges. The shift from past to present tense reflects the
significance those children have to Lilith; even after their deaths, they are never
truly dead to her. The hyssop plant represents purgation, purity and regained
innocence. The pomegranate is an ancient symbol for the sun, fertility and
potential. Did Lilith actually have six children at once, or were they conceived
and birthed seperately? Does it matter? We may assume, however, that fertility
drugs played no role in their conception.

19: The traditional names of the children correspond to later Hebrew
designations. The boys are "Silver" (the moon-metal), "Silence" (an attribute of
night) and "Eagle." The girls translate to "Water," "Raven" and "Night."

Seconp Circie: THE Book oF THEOwL 101

20: An unclear reference. From Lilith's other accounts, however, wem ay
assume that Lucifer was off fulfilling his role as Lightbringer when Caineandhig
brood attacked the garden.

21: Anuncertain phrase; probably a lament.

22: Often performed seperately from The Midnight Garden, this maledicti
is recited by an entire group of Bahari. In three different ceremonies, I
images of the childer burned, human captives torn apart and mud sculptures of
the defilers washed away by sudden thunderstorms.

The Bahari account raises a huge contradiction: According to The Bookg
Nod, Caine's original offspring numbered three — Enosh, Zillah and Irad.
greater clans, spoken of here, came into being centuries later, following the Firs
Cityand the Great Deluge. Yet both The Midnight Garden and the Rite of Cai
speak of 13 defilers, led bya vindictive Caine.

Ihave three theories: The first takes the tale at face value and reflects
confusion between the choniclers on either side. The second postulates a great
war between vampires and shaman-magi, occurring after the foundation of
First City and ending in the destruction of the magi. The third takes the whe
account to a symbolic level and describes the destruction of a matriarchal socit
bya Kindred-driven patriarchal one. Either way, the result is the same: A Ia
gang burns, rapes and kills its way through a pastoral settlement, incurring
wrath of the Dark Motherand destroying her loved ones.

23: The names of the Kindred clans (but not their founders, who supposedly
did the deeds) appear in both the Greek and Ba'hara accounts.

24: An interesting contrast to the usual image of this "beatific" clan!
25: No Kindred could help but wonder what this might refer to, hmmm?
26: Probably a reference to Enoch.

102 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

SECOND CIRCLE: THE BOOK OF THEOWL 103

THIRD CIRCLE:
THE BOoK OF
THE DRAGON


Come, descend, ye spirits of shells,

ee Ye friends of broken light!*
-——————~-. Come and embrace the gift of Caine,
call for death

I will for death.

Gomes ligce reared Sf eoi Sis,

MALEDICTION:

»y
QUEEN OF HELLS

Ne

Yecracked and imperfect bygone masters
Come and embrace the ery of Lilith,

Eprtor's Nores ye
Like The Midnight Garden, the following invocation is suppose 6 : , oy! J \call for death
words of Lilith herself. Although the two tales are separate, there's a defi Z rey * | will for death.

of connection between them. We can see the following breakdown as the
tion of The Midnight Garden; robbed of her children and lover, Lilith pri
eternal revenge, and summons the "howling spirits" of rage and tempta
side. Descending with them, she invokes three versions of herself (or six, d
on how you wish to read it) and transforms her sorrow into a furious s
Even so, there are differences. While I saw each invocation performe
of Bahari rites (during which demonic Spirits and tempestuous weather re
summoned), the two were spoken on different occasions — the Garden asa sui
rite, the Malediction as a winter one. Through endless permutations, perfo
and translations, the two pieces have taken on a similar character and rh
the original Midnight Garden is, as far as know, oral only; the Queen
was transcribed by a Sumerian lorekeeper sometime around 4000 B.C.
the old man (see "Notes"), I have seen a transcription of that piece, an
constructed the following Malediction as a bridge between both accounts.
Although the Queen of Hells is obviously somewhat more modern ti
prehistoric inspiration (loaded as it is with anachronisms like winepresses
castration clamps), it gives the Bahari a voice e for the rage of their Dark Me
JSorges a link between the willful and compassionate Lilith of earlier tales a
Dark Mother so feared by Kindred and kine alike.

For my heart has been torn

A\nd my womb has been torn

/ A\nd my love has been torn.
I cast aside my cloak of night

(f
Ni Arad plungetattieseas

Where no light can comfort me

And no words can succor me

And no lies can bend me
And | will dwell at the left hand of death.

Tor! am the mother whose babies were slain

A\nd | am the lover whose heart was torn
A\nd | am the sister whose body was rent
My heart and my garden are ashes now
fed ein hevelscainy dhemlcovey?

Come, rise, ye spirits of hunger,

Ye friends of guttered flames!

Come and embrace the winter of love
call for death

I will for death.

106 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER Turrp Circte: THE BooK OF THE DRAGON 107

Come draw my cloak across the pregnant moon
And let all wombs be barren this night.

A new garden shall rise across the land,
Ba‘hara, the Garden of Sorrows.

Come, rise, ye seeds of despair,

Ye fallow ones left on the stones to rot.

Come and embrace the owl's cry,"

I call for anger

I will for anger.

For! am the storm with ten thousand screams

Tor! am the storm with ten thousand tears

For! am the fruit that is dried in the hot breath of hate!

Tillit falls from the vine and withers into dust.
Come, rise, ye spirits of the earth
Ye ravenous spiders with fingers of shadow!
Take me into the caves of rebirth
Where we will dance ‘til the rising tides.
For! become the winepress of sorrows
For! become the stealer of seeds
For! become the breaker of blades
And the clamp upon the fruits of man.*
O Ancient One,
Whose eyes declare the day*
See my defiance, see me dust your earth
From my feet as ! sink away from your light.
I shall be the owl with deadly cries
I become the cat with hungry eyes

| always was the Dragon®
A\nd the fruits in my jaws shall be the gener

Come, rise, ye spirits of tempest and lust,

402) Reever ATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

Ye howling voices of long-ago nights!

Take me into the air and the seas

Where we might swell the banks toa flood.
For! am the maiden whose fruits were destroyed
for! am the mother whose garden was salted
For! am the crone whose lips taste the blood.'
Let these three guises greet me as | descend
Into the nether-sea.

Let their breath burn away the love

That has given well to my tears.

Let our seeds grow into hedgerows

With poisoned thorns and sweetened flowers.
Come feast with me now

A\nd rise from your shells.*

Let pleasing forms guide us

Into the heads and hearts of the accursed.
There raise we tempests

To wash away the sand?

And leave the seashores bare.

Come, descend, ye children of Caine,
Ye harvesters of eternal waking'
Come and embrace the ry of Lilith,

Caper at thy father's call
A\nd feast upon each other's hearts.
Come ye all the serpents of hate,
The clouds of deception and

The tides of endless stlence.

Tall for death

Twill for death.

| call for death

So shall it bel

THIRD Circle: THE BooK OF THE DRAGON 109

LAMIA:
NOTES OF INQUISITION

Epitor's Notes
The following excerpt comes from the notes of an anonymous minor scribe in service
to the English Church. The local hunters had apparently taken in a Lamia Ba'ham.
Although ignorant about the nature of their captive, these gentlemen quickly learned (by
way of three dismembered guards) that this particular "Wych" had to be restrained by
powerful chains. Once that had been done, three priests, a torturer, several guardsmen
and our scribe set to work attempting to question their powerful guest.

[After much effort, the Accused is secured to the Rack and is subject
to the lightest and most simple of tortures. To these, she singest like a
child in her mother's lap. At length, she speakest in a tone more ready
to the words of this Chronicle.]

Priest: Who art thou, servant of the Blackest Powers? And dost thou
now renounce them and take refuge in the Lord thy God?

_ Accused: ] am the Cat, the Owl's get, and] do practice that which thou
shunnest, and ] do laugh at thee and spit at thee, and upon thy God as
well. ] forsake nothing.

[Here irons are applied to diverse places upon the body of the
Accused. Much screaming and laughter follow. This Scribe confesses a
deep and abiding fear at the sound of such celebrations. ]

Priest: Dost thou abjuve the Blackest Powers? And wilt thou namest
: thy accompanies? ] promise thee pains if thou respondest not.

Accused: More fire. More irons. O gaoler, 1 beseech thee ten
4 thousand more. Each excruciation bringeth unto me a thousandfold
) revelations, and | would drink them down as great draughts of wine.

Tuirp Crrcie: THE Book OF THE DRAGON 111

© tomuch screaming and wri
co "a most Lascivious manner;
ceo the Saintly Fathers did quit the
before all was done and the Wy:

speak again anon, with profanest lita
i. =, which | forbear to set down in this Ch
ae After such performances as these sI
speak in a manner more pleasing
a> ear of the Lord, ifas a madwoman
eit Accused: Pray do continue,

c))

stale.
Priest: Whence art thou
(| From which province?

| they share in thy Arts?
Accused: What wouldst

to the Screech-owl and be

pr /) Lion and the bearer of the sut
¥ / » brothers ave the roses which
X © atmidnight only; my sisters
{ as "| tears that weep upon the be
) y of lost virgins. ] am not as

pi
j\

mit

aS

Y |

thou doubtstit, press me aga
1 might be exalted.

112 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

[Much more tortures are
| ¢) plied, with the Accused being

sirs. My taste for dreams has gro

) thy father and thy mother, am

ask? My parentage? ] am daug

the Dragon. My father is the Bl

[Heve irons ave put to her nether-parts and to her eyes and to the
softer regions behind her knees and elbows. The Accused doth scream
anon and speaketh in tongues that ave barbaric and unfamiliar to this
Chronicler; yet ] shall endeavor to preserve them for the future of our
Great Research.]

Ai — ai — ai. Aihamma gee tabool eer hamma quata mas. Hattabas.
Akbool. Hattabas. Yin soquaa ahni anaka. Babati latwaa — Bahari
latwaa; Sin solo extro vina contolo mas. Lakhil — albil — kataab —
lilihu ah mas. Abi hay Lilitu — Abi hay Lilitu."

[This last does the Accused repeat manifold as if it were a blasphe-
mous prayer. Clpon hearing it repeated, the gaolers and myself do feel
amost peculiar sickness; a weakness of the head and spleen and stomach.
After vomiting black bile, we beg the Corturer to burn away the Wych's
tongue, that she might accurse us no further. This he did; and thereupon
a black and vile spittle came forth and fell upon the torturer's arm. He
screamed like a woman upon the wheel, and his flesh rots like a leper's.
_ We shall bring him out of this place and seal it with all the prayers and
__ blessings of a true Man of God. Thus endeth this Chronicle."]

THIRD CIRCLE: THE BOOK OF THE DRAGON 113

cat and serpent are generally considered her %
One medieval tale (too long and rambling to Be ret

and Adam (before their epic falling-out) played games 0 creation in the
mud into walls,

and fils into cages. Lilith, being the Fe
blood, urine and breath. is first three t

afted were said to a t
ught down the stag mis

Adam's spear) and the serpent (aes slip
combination of jealousy and fear that
hastened the marital spat that separated i he
When Lilith left the Garden, Adam is said to gave violated every b
Garden except for the owl, the cat ole serpent, these chased him through t
until he called upon his god for help. When Je bovah cursed Lilith, the
fellupon those animals, too. By rabi al lore, they followed. ‘Lilith and Luet
the second garden and spread outwa om there. When that couple
revenge upon humanity and Caine, Lilith 's companions were said to have,
as the first agents of her will. ' }
This English song, another medieval Composition, was sung to me by

girl ina silly costume. She claimed to be a "Fecreationist" (an appellation I
prsome idealized neverlandb

describe as absurd) whose passions burned fa
ye Nevertheless, she had a great
research — the song is apparently au hentic, and over 600 years old. L offer
Dark ex's influence on the mortal world.
Wher penchant for things medieval, I gave
1s River, tied in a sack with an owl, a

dam felt over these creations

114 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

Orsay a dale
My cat, cruel

With acl as
Come you by Digi
Osay adiddle-da

My serpent, cruel
With a bite an

Come ye to "et
A\nd gift me with poiso:
Gift me with night-s

Gilt me with silenc

Oh!

Name of the Mo
My dear sweet Mo
Lilith my Mother

My blessing, my torture 7

Oh!

@
ind'a hashes OR)

kster
: of a shimmer, Oh!

d trickery

Tuirp Circle: THE BooK OF THE DRAGON 115

THE RISING TIDES

Epiror's Notes

[first heard this ominous prophecy as part of the industrial dance mix "Time efor
Breakfast," by Shaken Baby Syndrome. It seized my attention with the opening
lines and held it throughout. No mortal, Ireasoned, could know so much about such
supposedly hidden affairs. As we all know, our grand Masquerade is far too efficient
ever to allow such information to seep out into the general public. As I listened, I
could not help but be disturbed. When the song had ended, Isought out the discjockey
who had played it.

The coolly dispassionate voice intoning the words turned out to be Patricia de
la Forge. When Ilater inquired about the source of the prophecy, she admitted it was
far older than she. With the help of the old man, I found a Latin version of The
Rising Tides that predated the conquest of Britannia. Thus began my quest for the
origins and nature of the modern Lilith cult.

It is fitting that I end this Cycle with the words that began my journey. As
anyone with an ounce of f faculty knows, many of the portents outlined below have
come true in recent years. Even the mortals know that the signs ofa coming end have
A\hi hay Lilitul more to do with ancient proclamations than with facile calendars and ominous
Bison'the world 4 round numbers. While the words of Caine proclaim an end by fire, Lilith's vision
Thacher assures that fire will be extinguished by water. Perhaps the clash of both will sweep

genta sry ; this broken earth into the pile of other "worlds of shells." As the Ancient One's eyes
Come ye by my hand close again, oblivion descends and everything is silent. Perhaps, after a while,
Oowl, O night-cat, another earth will be born and the whole cycle will begin again.
into darkness :

Me, I'm just glad to have the opportunity to rest. I think the coming night will
be quite unpleasant.

A\nd drown my se ca Sleep well, O Children of Caine. Some old debts are on the table, and. / your credit

With kisses most fa are f is overdrawn. ;
A\nd! pledge ye ' Tick tick, indeed.
nd | ple

My life and my troth and my fear,
Come ye by my hand
A\nd lead me past death.

; tl me my b] ly that | might imagine
h day in th arden when first you created

the night-cat, the serpent

unto me.

And poison the
That hath den
Rison the worl ,
That hath denied us be
Abihay Lilia!

7 117
116 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER THIRD Circe: THE Book OF THE DRAGON

THE RISING TIDES

Tremble, O you childer of Caine

Tremble, O you children of Seth
Mother is coming
Mother is here.

With her lessons of madness

A\nd hands full of blood

She comes to make the world anew

A\nd her chariot is pain and horror.

The crystal is broken, the demons are free.
The crystal is broken, the demons are free.
The waters rise.

The waters rise.

Weep, O you children of immortals

for your unlives shall be as the shells broken

By the lightning of each new world.

A\ll this shall pass away.

Weep, O you Pharisees and priests,

Tor your god isa lie and his promises are empty rags.
A\ll this shall pass away.

Weep, Oo you grain—fed maggots

Squirming in the basket of bread,

For your bellies are splitting with the feast
A\nd a storm of flies is coming.

All this shall Pass away.

Weep, () you sullen nightmares,

For the dancing gods of flickering screens shall lead you to oblivion.

Mother is coming

Tuirp Circe: THE BooK OF THE DRAGON 119


Mother is here.

All this shall pass away.

The crystal is broken, the demons are free.
The crystal is broken, the demons are free.
The waters rise.

The waters rise.

See the colossus of steel astride the world

Behold the worms in his feet.

A\s the giant totters, the worms rejoice,

For there will be food aplenty when the giant falls.
See the broken chamber of 509 years

A\nd the shattered crystal upon the floor.

See the stones weeping and the dragons free.
Lilith is here.

Lilith is free.

Hear the howls in the night

As the wolves of Adam

Cast themselves into the Dragon's coils.

Smell the brother's blood from time's beginning
Now tepid and thin as water.

In water will the light die!

In water will the fire die!

From the East, from the Sea will vengeance come

120 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

The cities of the West will blaze with rage,
Anda Sreat wheel from the East,

From the formless lands,

( Wil crush them!
i On the last night
When the moon isa sliver of darkness

Comes the final embrace!

Shine black the sun!
Shine black the moon!

The waters rise!

Abi hay Lilitu!

121

Book OF THE DRAGON:
ENDNOTES

1: This appears to refer to the "world of shells" described in Kabbalisticlore—an
odd correspondence, given the differences between Sumerian and Hebrew
cosmology. (See the Genesis Fragment.)

2: Note the repetition of threes, a theme throughout this invocation. In most
mystical philosophies, three is the strengthener, the number of unity. Italso

corresponds to water, the element most associated with Lilith and women in'

following.
4: AsTheard this performed, the verse was « _.and the blade at the loins of man.
The Sumerian version, however, offers a double metaphor — the fabled vagina
dentata, and the serrated castrating clamp used by ancient peoples to gelé
livestock, slaves and criminals.

5: A reference to Jehovah? Or to the "Ancient One" mentioned in the Genesis
Fragment?
6:In the Sumerian version, the Ba'hara pictogram for Great Serpentis clearly
visible. Luse the translation "Dragon" to emphasize the difference between'
mere snake and Lilith's incarnation.
7: We might take this mysterious reference three ways: as a recollection 0}
Lilith's feasts upon her own blood in the desert; asa reference to vampirism; ora
aplan to drink the blood of Caine. Remember the Crone in deLaurent's
cycle? Could that have been Lilithin anther guise, enslaving Caine even as she;
pretended to be farweaker than he? The thoughtis not inconceivable.
8: The modern version uses "hells," but the Sumerian cuneiform suggest
"broken worlds" rather than hells in the traditional sense. After all, at this time,
there are very few dead higher beings. Wouldahell be necessary? Orare the late
underworlds the fragments of old worlds forgotten by this one? I feel the latter
theory has much to recommend it.
9: Typically regarded as a symbol of infinity, sand also represents the unstable
aspects of earth (the foundation and the womb) which can be swept off, or thal
gives way beneath greatweight or force, just asasand-castle crumblesin the tide.

199 REVELATIONS OF THE DARK MOTHER

10: I take this as call to future vampires who will choose to follow Lilith over
Caine, but it could also be interpreted as an invocation of the "black stain of
murder" that enticed Lilith to Caine's aid (see The Midnight Garden). The Dark
Mother maybe summoning not only the Cursed One's childer, but his talent for
killing, too.

11: An uncertain image. Lions were typically associated with royalty and
occasionally with Jesus Christ; for their ferocity and untamed natures, however,
they were also considered beasts of wrath and incarnations of Satan's will. The
—combined with the "bearer of the sun" remark—speaks for Lamiaasa child of
Lucifer, rather than of Adam.

12: Transcribed verbatim. Note the repetition of several phrases from the Rite of
Cainein BookII.

13: According to notes later in the chronicle, the cell where this civilized little
exchange took place was later walled up. The victim, still in chains, was leftupon
the rack. The man so handy with his irons lost that little skill; he also lost his
entire right arm from the shoulder down. The chronicler states that the
"accused's" screams and moans continued for three months afterward, and could
beclearly heard through foot-thick stone walls. Eventually, the dungeon was
abandoned; the torturers could not stand to set foot down the stairs. The
remaining occupants were walled up with the "Wych-Spectre"; so angry were
their ghosts that the castle itself was forsaken and burned in 1473.

We may assume that, for once, a tortured victim had revenge on her
tormentors —ifonly fora time.

Turrp CrecLe: THE BooK OF THE DRAGON 123


EVEN THE CHILDREN OF CAINE FEAR HER: LILITH,
MOTHER OF THE DAMNED. SHE Is THE DARK QUEEN
WHO WILL ARISE AND USHER IN THE END OF THE WORLD.
EXPLORE THE HERETOFORE IGNORED LEGENDS OF LILITH,
AND LEARN OF THE HIDDEN LILITH-CULTS THAT HAVE
EXISTED DOWN THROUGH THE AGES, DISCOVER A NEW
TELLING OF THE VAMPIRE CREATION MYTH, AND GUESS
AT WHAT IS YET TO COME IN THE NIGHT.

GUNE STE018
