# File: A World Of Rage.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Setting Sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse'


|

Cpt |

-T

Nicky Rea and

/ Wont oF |

LD. OF |

By Bruce Baugh, Chris Campbell, Jackie Cassada,
Adam Tinworth
— are,

——
|

a AA

Credits

Authors: Bruce Baugh, Chris Campbell, Jackie Cassada,
Nicky Rea, Adam Tinworth
Developer & Additional Mater
Editor: Aileen E. Miles

‘Ant Director: Aileen E. Miles
‘Arts Jecemy Jarvis, Jeff Rebates, Alex Sheik
cer, Meliss Uran

Cover Art: William O'Connor

Back Cover Art: Jeff Reber

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

chan Skemp

ui, Rn Speni=

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
Sue 28

GuanasToM, GA 30021
USA

Game STUDIO

(©2000 White Wolf Publishing, Ine All rights tesarved
‘Reproduction withous the written permission ofthe publisher
‘is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for
fetsonal ow only. White Wolf, Vampire the Maiquerade,
Mage the Atcension and World of Darknes ate tegistered
‘eacemachs of White Wolf Publishing In. Allright reserved
Werewolf the Apocalypae, Wrath the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Wermwoll the Wild
West, A World of Rage, World of Darkness Tokyo, World of
Darkness Hong Kong. Hengeyoki Shapeshifters of the East,
(Caerns Phices of Power, Rage Across the World, Silver Fangs
Tribebook, Nights of Prophecy und Yeur of Revelations ure
tradematlo of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserves.
All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Ine.

in these pages not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned

This book uses che supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
‘ionand intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.
Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLE,
Check out White Wolf online at

herp: fieww. white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec games rpatoryteller
PRINTED IN THE USA.

2 A World of Rage

i iy

Special Thanks

Phillipe "Ministry of French-Canadian Culture" Boulle,
for spot-checking a thing or three. Mercy bow-coop,

Ken "Filial Duty" Cliffe, for aking time off with the
folks, therebyletcing ESD dowhatever the hell they wanted
for a week.

Fred "Commish Lousy Fredo" Yelle, for renurecting
Wolf Blight and filling the conference room with graans of
despair once mone

Mike "Weeping All the Way Home" Tinney, for
ssi sporseuaruhip,

James "A-Town Broken-Down Machine" Stewart. for
Jeaming the hard way there's more co the game than just
punching whatever's at hand.

Justin "Powers-that-Be" Achill, for demanding to ge
forward with the booking: [e's his faule!

Brian "Airplane Spin" Glass,
tory —on the test eireuit, that is

Aileen "Ten Miles of Bad Road" Miles, for quitcing
while she was on top ofthe gare

Authors' Special Thanks

‘© Thanks to Lorna Ebersole for her Germanic know
edge and constant inspiration, Thérése Gaughan for cham-
pioning all things Irish and Catherine Stoneman for advice
from the heart of the Eurolub.

* More thanks to Phillipe Boulle for furnishing the
‘Canadian perspective,and toJohn Malcolm Buckmaster for
further suggestions from the Great White North,

* Thanks alo to Astrid Mealer, Oliver Hoffmann and
the gang ar Feder & Sewert for the exint German spot

svoring the first vie

A Quick Note

Although welve dane ou Lest to repeesenn she
various nations ofthe world fatty, we're fist to admit
tharwe haven't done so prcivly accurately. In specific

we've taker few liberties with the moed. If countries
seem abit grimmer or bleaken, ifthe standards of living
are portrayed ayn notch oe two below what one wouk!
expe, just eamember— it's the World of Darkness I's
‘our jo to make the world look less hospitable than our
ows Ba sppatently

lon't hold any alteentions hae

made with mood in mind against us.
On theotherhand,ifwe'vescrewed up geoxraphy,

lt's okay to rail at us. We probably deserve it


Contents
Chapter One: The Americas
Chapter Two: Eurasia

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East
Chapter Four: India and Asia

Chapter Five: Australia and the South Seas

Contents

enti

ee

46

86
120

146

eee



A World on Fire

As vemitoria werewolves might be, even they
have ro concede that the world's abig place. Thete's an
le number of irons in the fire around
the planet, fromthe battle forSouth America'srainforest

he recent tyrinnical reign of Black Tooth, the
genocidal Simba king. However, these areas of concer
have been scattered throughout dozens of supplements,
in some cases left without an upelate for year.

Until now,

A World of Rage is your guidebook to the World
of Darkness, specifically focusing on the areas and
other shapeshifter.
the latest

importon
Within these pages you'll find
nd on the ongoing struggle
cover wars for Russia and the Amazon, a6 well as hints
up ikely places like

of possible story

wuch as the

ge new troubles

to use them is a
take your chronicle outside the

sdeas within this book — all it wake
Little willingness
usual sept boundat

Its
touring it

hostile world dur there. Have fun

Chapter One: The Americus 5

Te PY

=

Canada

The Canacla of the W
vast, beautiful land

ot Darkness
cone that isn't particularly fo.
giving of human residents, The long winter nights
make young souls okt quickly, and the

He bit every year Every 50 pf
nowmobiles down the wrong

a wide

pine valley, and never come home again. French ant
English C sent each other just thar lil
more, and

nce b
flares up more frequently (:

ween various ethnic. group.

sly). When wine

id vie

uta litle

the

du, hope seems to die
vl

g ground, an effec
he slower in coming — ifit come

arly away from the cities
the Garou,

pill ice

highway roundin

cleanup isl

Tesa harsh land,

and one that sui

The Basics

ads is frankly jinmense — Russa is the only
larger country in all the world. It stretches more than
5,500 kilometers (over 3,400 miles to Americans) east
0 west, encompassing six full sme 2ones, fy neeth-


i pace ence ainnenaensl

ne AA

south axis is no less impressive; Canada's northern
‘most point is almost 2,000 km north of the Arctic
Girele. And for all this land, Canada's population is
roughly a tenth of that of the United States, and most
of its people live within 160 km of the Canada/US
border — nearly 90% of the country is unsettled.

At least, by humans.

Geographivallly, Canada is almost « basi — wide
prairies and lakes ar the center, bounded by mountains
‘on the west, east and northwest. Tothe north, there'san
expanse of permanent snow and ice; to the south, the
Jnteriot Plains, a continuation of the United States'
Great Plains. The Rocky Mountains and Appalachians
both stretch up into Canada, and the land boasts a few
it ranges solely its own (such as the Mackensie
and Richanison Mountains). The earth itself ranges
from tundra and permafrost in the furthest north, to
highly fertile soil char feeds Canada's hreadbsket,

Thete are three major types of forest in the land
— the eastern forests along the Appalachians, the
tall-timber forest along the Pacific Coast, and the

iferous taiga that constitutes the majority of
(Canada's woods. The natural grasslands to the south
have been mostly plowed under and cured into a
n of heavy agriculture

Anu of cours, it's cold. Those living along the
Pacific count receive che best of it; dheir summery are
faitly cool and their winters mild. Everywhere else
receives fairly long winters and short summers; every-
where cast of the Rockies gets plenty of snow for three
to six months every year. The farther north you go, the
less hospitable it gets. The tundra regions experience
winters where the average temperature never cravels
obove freezing, and the summer temperature never
really climbs above 10° Celsius (50° Fahrenheit),

‘Canada makes a lot of its money from its natural
resources the lind is rich in petooleum, coal and other
minerals, and the lumber, paper and agriculrural indus-
{iesare particularly tobust. Most of the country's power
comes from hydroelectric dams, which have become

remarkably widespread. Regional governments seem
perfectly happy to place dame wherever they ean, eum.

ing the rivers into sources of "clean" power — even if
some of the land along the banks suffers in the process,

Canadia is also without a doubt werewolf territory.
"Thecountrysplainsand forestssupporta wolf population
that's almast certainly the mose stable in the New World
(for whatever that's worth), making it prime breeding
grounds forthe Garou. The buman population is ethn-
lydiverse inthe cities, butscattered andalmost meager
across the land itself; Canada's population of vampires is
comparatively low, and che Leeches that do call Canada
home are either immigrants or decidedly young (as vam-

A World of Rage

De eee a ray,

Useful Tidbits

For Storytellers who've never been north of the
border (and those who've never been to North
America, period), we've provided just few remind
crs about Canadian culture that add a touch of

verisimiliuude to a chronicle.

# Canada ison the merric syste
signs in kilometers. The speed limit is
kph (60 mph).

* Canada is officially bilingual, although En-
alish is the language of choice throughout most of
the country: (excluding Quebec, naturllement),
Spelling end grammar tend to favor (or rather,
favour) the Beitish erandard

# The country is « constitutional monarchy;
the monarch of England is also Canadk's head of
state (Queen Elizabeth I, anof 2000) acting through
her appointed Governot General. However, most
ofthe actual legislation is done through Parliament
(which is in tum split into an elected House of
‘Commonsand an appointed Senare:of the owo,the
House of Commons has much more power), The
hhead of the government is the Prime Minister

© American citizens of permanent residents
don't need passports er visas to enter Canada, al-
though visitors from other countries need passports
‘No visas are required of visitors from most Briish
Commonwealth or European Union countries

* Canada's customs requirements are fairly
straightforward, Visitors ean bring in a hunting
rifle or shotgun, with 200 rounds of ammunition,
but handguns and automatic weapons are strictly
forbidden. Packs with hipusmembersahould note
that bringing pets across the border requires
veterinarian's certificate of good health, vaccina-
tions, and s0 on.

« July 1 is Canada Day. This isn't a strictly
Vital bit of information, but some Canadians like
to use it as an excuse to de some drinking.

expect road
ally 100

pres measure their years), There are, of course a few of
the ancient undead who have settled into the country,
but forthe most par, i's nor the vampires that the local
Garou have to worry about.

Bur the country is far from perfect — like every
where else in the World of Darkness, the wild places nte
under atte. Human companies log anil dam and strip
mine the land, leaving little bue repositories «if dimer
‘ous chemicals nd industrial waste in theit wake. Mon-
sters out of darkest Native American myth skulk in the
isolated comers of the land, feasting on whomever they


re ft

‘can catch. Spirits of murder and vengeance haunt the
of old battlefields and massacres. The werewolves
this country, particularly cowards the cold north,
must be strong to resist cheir rivals and enemies.

The Garou

Most of Canada's ou are Fianna, Ger of
Fenris, Silver Fangs and Wendigo, The first three
arrived alongside the earliest European settlers, and
found something of their old lands' appeal in the
northern woods. Of course, the Wendigo had al-
ready claimed Canada as nothing less than their
tial protectorate, and the result was all too pre:
dictable. The fires of hatred have dimmed dawn a
little since — but werewolves are creatures of rage.
and the anger still stuolders.

The Wendigo are stronger in Canada than they
ane anywhere else, save perhips Alaska — hor Only ts
the land the heart of thels original protectorate, but:

they find the harsh winters virtually forrifying. They
sul holdanumber of caemishere, calling on their Gifts
and spirit allies to drive away or kill murders with
Jechual cold, Unfortunately) dimore emourgacms are
contheirown when itcomestodetensesaswell. At least
‘wo caems in the last two years came under air attack
from military-style helicopters — only the power of
mighty storm-spirit alltes was abjle: Stein
siles and bring the helicopters to' the ground,
‘Wendigo know they wete lucky, and dém't look for-
ward ro the next artempe fedocsn'chelp thar chey're,
‘nor sure just which of theirenemies fitted theassault.
Most of Canada's population is of Prench or Brite
ish descent, and the Silver Fangshave Kin represenca-
tives in both. A few Fangs claiin tharthelrancestors ser
foot on the lind when Samuel de Champlain frst
founded Acadia, but others of theit cibe are tore
dubious. The Canadian Fangs' pedigrees do gevbaek a
few centuries, though, and the house of the Unbredk-
able Hearth is firmly rooted in southern Canada. King
(Cyrus-the-Bald commonly travelinoeth from merical
mers to discuss
Allnecht of che ncasby proven
York has offered hissupport cothe Unbreakable Hearth
— even if it wasn't in the courtliest language.
(Canada's Fianna are similarly mixed, although the
ratio of British to French descent is much steeper. The
Canadian Fianna ave a slightly better reputation for
dealing with the native Garou, although there ate still
plenty of blemishes on their record. The tribe isgener-
ally a little more given to urban caems in Canada,
partly because their Kin blend seamlessly into the local
population, and partly because theydon'tearesomuch
for the stoic ideal of surviving a harsh winter in the

Métis vs. Metis

Just in case you didn't know, there's a signifi-
cant difference between the metis (MET-iss) and
the Métis (may-TEE). The former is, of course, the
Garou breed; the latter isan ethnic group of mixed
American Indian und European blood.

Also on the subject of terminology, the term
"Eskimo" isn't something thatthe Inuit find com
plimentary — it means "eaters of raw meat," and
was given to them by other tribes. They prefer to
all themselves "thie only people."

northernmost areas. (One waggish theory put forth by
the Rone Gnawere alto holde tha the cre
mildly traumatized the first time they tried to call
stageapirit and got a mooxe-spirit instead.)

The Get in thilitelimostly arrived in the lase 300
‘years oreo, although the trthe «la some of their
number wetéhere'since the | Oth cenrury. Some of the
local Fenrie eanitrace theit ancestry buck vo the late
1700s, when the Germanfiminded to burg
‘was becoming prominent in local macitine affairs; oth
ers claim descent fraitt British Get who arrived else
where. The Fenrir have been miore successful than most
Bunopean tribes ar adapting to the colder climes; they
"apparenaly find it an excellent testof their endurance

‘The othertribes arealso presen ro varying degrees,
‘of Conse, The Red Talons have a strong presence in
Canada. wherethey take full advancage of the exwnpurs
tively iealthy wolf population. There's « slight ter
dency amung'these Talons to be more forgiving of
humans in general (since: they hve mare terrico
themselves) and inane vengeful to pecific
TBelnwgused to che datniage huninscan do toch
its Tie). Likewise, thie Uktena are scartered by
there, mostly sharing space at Wendigas caerns whe
they're welcome/as advisors, The tribe also sha
Particulapsynpiathy for the Métis, whose mixed blood
igives them something in. common with che Uktena.

The Black Furies, Children of Gaia and Shadow
Lords have very tew cierns ot their own in Canada in,
fact, each tribe probably has no more than one tribal
caem to their name in the country, They tend to focus
theirattention on the human population, which means
that they spend most of their time around the more
populated south of the country. The Shadow Lords are
generally the most outgoing of the three; the mbe's
Crows have made some connections among the Red
Talons, Fenrir and Wendigo of the northern areas,
offering the tribe's help should it be needed.

Inthe cities, the Glass Walkers are probably about
even with the Bone Gnawers as nuinbyrs go. Although

n of

Chapter One: The Americas 7

EES SL IT,


ee AA

the Gnawersare highly sympathetic to the blue-collar
population of most Canadian towns and cities, rela:
tively few felt comfortable tagging along with the Get,
Fianna and Silver Fangs ro what was clearly a hostile
tribe's territory. Most of Canada's Bone Gnawets are
scattered throughout the towns and cities along the
corridor from Quebec City to Windsor —which is also.
whete the m rity of C dion Glass Walkers dwell.
Both tribes are at theit thickest in Toronto, where the
Glass Walkers maintain at least two caerns,

‘The Silent Striders and the Stargazersare the two
most distinct meyarines among the country's tribes;
neither tribe is known tw hold any caemns in the area,
or even gather in nurmbers of more than two ata time.

The Maritime Provinces

‘The Maritime Provinces account for very little of
Canada's overall land area, but they are rich in petro-
um, natural gas and other resources. This makes
them a prime target for many of Pentex's activities, As
«result, industrialization has been rapidly working its
way into the easternmost provinces, bringing some
jobs along with it — bur imperiling other jobs, and
mre besides, as it goes

New Brunswick

New Brunswick percheson theeast coast of North
‘America, just north of Maine. The province isheavily
forested, with most of the human population concen:
trated along the coast and the Saint John River valley.
Of course, the woods are considered quite the useful
rewouree, and the logging industry (particularly for

pulp and paper) is important to the local economy.
This doesn't please the local werewolf population

rmiich; 9 pack of Fenrir is currently entereaining plans
tw severely monkeywrench Edmundston, one of the
major centers of the industry.

About one thindof New Brunswick's population is
French-Canadian, largely descended from the settle-
went of Acadia, established in 1604. Most of the
province's larger towns and cities are on the coz
whether that of the Bay of Fundy or the Gulf of St.
Lawrence. The coast also has a scattering of Acadian
villages, often marked by flags resembling the French
tricolor with a yellow starin the upper partof the blue
stripe. Rumors persist among the neighboring sepes
that a few of these villages are homes to a cult that
worships some sorr of Wyrm-beast under the waters,
but the local packs haven't yer had the leisure to
investigate these rumors in depth.

‘The Fundy Ishin are « popular spot among out-
door typessuch as birdwatchers, whitle-watchers, fish
ermenand the like. The world's second-largese whicl-

8 A World of Rage

A

pool churns off the coast of Det Island, and the place
isa nexus for spirit energy, The place would make wn
excellent cuem — if werewolves could breathe water,
of court. A rumor making its way around Garou
circles (and some human ciecles as well) says thathuge
sharks have been seen in the whirlpoo's area, hinting
that the Rokea are aware of the site's significance
New Brumwick doesn'e have a linge werewolf
population, and most of the local Garou are Gee of
Fenris of mainly Saxon descent. OF them, the most
notable is Jarl John Golden-Boar, who's famous for
single-handedly overturning six logging trucks in a
single run, without 40 much as breaking stride.

Newfoundland

‘Thisisland province isan extension of the Appala
chians andisas tugged asthat would imply. Onaverage,
the (sland is home to less than four people per square
mile. It has quite the local history — the first European
settlers after a failed Viking settlement were sallors who
jumped ship, preferringtoeke outalivingon "the Rock"
rather than spend another day at sea, A number of bogs
‘nd hearths aquat in the more poorly drained area of the
island, and at least one boasts a Fianna caem. The
Fianna are rather content on the island the locals'
personality works well wich their own. Storytelling is a
long-standing tradition aunony "Newfie," and dheis
speech is an unusual blend of West Country English and
the dialect of southwest Ireland,

Asimentioned previously, the island was the site of a
10th century Viking settlement, one that apparently
included « few Fenrir in its number. The Wendigo and
Gettellcanilictingstoriesofthe settlements the Wenig
claim that the Fenrit were pice guests, and imundiately
fell cartacking the native people, while the Gee r
rain that the so-called "Pure Ones" offered violenee'o the
newcomers, and that the Fenrir merely retaliated. What-
‘ever the actual story of the settlement, itdkdn't hast more
than afew decades. However, there re persistent stories
thata few of the Get remained behind and began to ruse

with Wendigo and Uktena, becoming Fennr by covem
alone. Hehscsrumonate ius, thers's ne prooftohe found

‘on Newfoundland — although descendants of "Y¥mir's
Swen" might live on elsewhere

Despite the influence of the local Fianna, New:
foundland isthe siteof heavy ton mining, at Feast seme
of which isoverseen by Harold and Harold. The natives
aren't particularly happy about the province's reliance
‘or natural resources — what happens when the wells
and mines run dry? — but as long as mining and drilling,
provide jobs, i's hard to tum away from them.

‘The most significant change on the wind — at
leas to Garou perspective —involves the Hibernin oil


A fh

fields, a multi-billion dallae project tuking place just
off St. John's east coast. This project has the potential
to be very profitable, if rhe oll teseryes prove to be as
rich as the investors hope. And unfortunately, one of
those investors is Endron fnternational. Endran cur-
rently hastwo Menancol platforms under construction
off the Newfoundland coast, and are planning others
should the payoffs — in crude natural gas
and..other resources — be thete

Nova Scotia

"New Scotland! isa relatively small province;itdbe
an island if not for the Isthmus of Chignecto, which
attaches it to the mainland. Its rivers are short and ite
woodlands plentiful. anddespite itsnatural resources, the
province isn't very urbanized. Most Nova Seotians are of
British descent, although there's sizable minority of
French Acadians. The province's prosperity hasn't been
anything to brag about for some tinue; Nova Scotia has a
history of receiving lage share of financial ad from the
federal government, and unemployment is a chronic
problem, Asa result, the local government is becoming
increasingly receptive tt corporations like Eadeon, who
sate quite ntetexted in ofshore deilling for petroleum and
‘tural gas. Forestry, fishing and tourism are ll well and
ood, but they're not the same kind of moneymakers

Nova Scotia was onginally home to the Micmac,
and a few members of this nation still live in che
province. Most of the area's rourism focuses on Cape
Breton leland, a place where the economy is nonethe-
Jess at its worst. Bad things have been known to happen
to tourists every once in a while here, asa few fomorl are
spontancously bor every year and start causing trouble,

Unsurprisingly, the most populous tribe in the:
area is the Fianna, who have been drifting here since
the late t8th century. The cribe has been devoting
most of their effort ro bettering their human Kin's lor
in life; the province's economic hardships are much
more important (0 the Fianna than they would be 1
most other tribes. The local werewolves have been
known to travel into thecoalmines when they need to
bind spirits ofa parsivulaly gui vn forbiddings aspect
into their fetishes. Atleast one abandoned coal mine,
though, had to be abandoned because it was too close
tw awakening something homble that slept below the
earth. The Fianna don't enjoy the time they spend én
the mineshafts, but as they put it, better that they go
down there from time to time than leave the shafts
‘open so thacthe Black Spiral Dancers ean move in.

Prince Edward Island

Prince Edward Island (aka. PEL) is by far the
smallest of the Canadian provinces. In many ways. it's

alo the least imposing; the terrain is a gently rolling
plain and most ofthe original forests are gone, cleared
long ago to make room for settlements. The island's
‘human population is dense, but not urbanized. The
towns that dor the island aren'e particularly large, but
they leave little room for wildemess cacrns.

There ate io fll-lexige septs on PEL; few files
of Fenrir, Silver Fang and Fann Kinfoll: make their
homes here, but any children who undergo the Fist
Change are tent to septs elewhere. These Kin are ako
likely tocall in their werewolf relatives iftrouble seems to
be brewing, buriftheir Garoxtcousinsite busy with other
cconcems; help can somecimes be long time coming

The Central Region

‘The provinces at the heart of Canada are also the
mostdensely populated; proximity tothe United States
border, ample natural resources and a telatively forgiv
ing climate make Quebec and Ontario the place to be
in the eyes of many. This section of Canada is also
where the greatest mix of Garou tribes can be found;
almost all of the tribes are adequately repeesrntes in
these two provinces.

Quebec

‘The |argest castern province, Quebes is abo the
heart of French-Canadian culture. The residents are
fiervely proud of their language and culture, to an often
obsessive level. Quebec is famous for it separatist out-
Jook, and to some extent that's not surpetsing. The
[province is surrounded on all sides by English speakers,
making some Quebectisfeelasif they're stranded on an
island —nnd others to feet besieged, Many residents are
downright angry ae the intrusions of English-language
culture (farticularly American television}, and resent
being lumped in with the rest of Canada when the rest
‘of Canada'scultureissacleatly different from theirown.
Quebec hasregularly striven to gain independence from
the rest of Canada, becoming a nation in its own right.
So far, ic hasn't happened, bur one never knows.

Alshough mens Quebecois ore bilingual, here's no
doube that they favor French; it's rare (0 spot an
‘outdoor sign with English information anywhere in
the province. Most of the province's human popu
tioniscenteredin thesouthwest, along thet, Lawrence
anid the border with the US, The province extends up
into polar bear territory in the north, and there's also
aan ample wolf population away from the more urban:
feed areas, Of course, the north woods support a heavy
forestry industry, one thar infuriates the Red Talons
that call northern Quebec home. The province also
hasa thriving manufacturing industry, although thisis
‘more concentrated in the southwest

Chapter One: The Americas 9

a


oe AA

Although Quebec's capitals the distinctive Quebec
City, most people whothinkof Quebec thinkof Montreal.
Montreal isthe second-largest French-speaking city in
the work, right behind Paris. Andas result it'sprone to
the troublesthar plague most urban centers in the Work
cof Darkness Thisdoes mean Weaver-energis, of course;
the webs are strong around the city, particularly around
the Pare Olympique (the remarkably expensive sports
complex that wasn't fully completed until 11 years after
the Olympic Garnes it was built to serve), Ie alo means
‘vammpites, and the undead that cluster in Montreal seem
to be a particularly cunning and vicious lot. Black Dog
Game Suxtio print: their tainted products at « plant
nearly, quietly cluding Garou notice because there's just
so much ese that needs doing in the aren.

According to Garou oral history, somewhere in
Montreal's vicinity is the site where one of the more
powerful and malevolent Banes of the New World was
bound longago, Thistale has passed along from Garou
to Kin und beyond, with the unfortunate result that
the story is now familiar to some occult citcles. The
local Garou, « sept of largely Silver Fang extraction
entrenched in the Laurentiis, worry thar the more
scholarly Leeches of Montreal might chance actoss
legend and decide to make trouble, The localsalso
suspect a small coven of Black Spiral Dancers has also
sipped into the city in search of clues telling how to
free the evil spirit, but the number of viimpites in the
city makes any search parties a risky prospect.

Ontario

Canada's most populous province, Ontarioisboth
highly modem and unusually wild in pieces, The south
ppottion of the province is filled with towne and cities;
the north portion with lakes, bogs, moose and mosqui-
toes. The Great Lakes run along Ontario's south bor-
der, and Hudion Bay defines its northem limit

As befits is sizable population, Ontario is home to
plenty of industry, incloding the ever-present mining
and forestry, but also a fair bie of manufacturing and
auriculture. Virtually everywhere there couldbe alyylr-

crric damm tn the province, there is one —and even
then, Ontario requiees nuclear and fossil fuel power
plants to meer its energy needs. With the exception of
Hallahan (andeventheyaresomewhatactive in Hudson
Bay), every Pentex subsidiary with an interest inCanada
fa quite likely present in Ontario somewhere.

The province is lo home to Canada's largest city.
Toronto isa remurkably busy city, with « bustling down:
towns itserves as the headquarters forthe country's dio
and relevision broadcasting. Toronto boasts a pair of
urban eaems one largely populated by Glass Walkers and

one mostly run by Bone CGrvawers, which anebath notably

smulitibal, Mos visiting Garnuwith businessin Canada
tend todrop by oncof these septstobe caught up tospeed;
this is particularly true of tribes other than the well:
entrenched Get, Wendigo, Silver Fangs or Fianna,
Algonquin Provincial Park is an important issue
among the local werewolf population. For one, there

several packs af wolves hanging on in the park —
ironically, they're partof what draws tourists in droves.
In August, park naturalists are known to take campers
cout in groups to how! into the night, hoping to raise a
response from the wolves in the park. For another, the
park is being heavily scarred by industrial pollution
‘and logging companies. Because the park is 3 promi-
nent in the locals' eyes, the werewolves in the area
know that violent reprisals will have to be carefully
orchestrated so as not to rend the Veil — but as more
trees are plowed under and mote streams polluced, the
‘urge to claim payment in blood gets harder to resist.
‘Ontario is norable among the provinces for the
sheer number of ethnic groups that make up its popula-
‘don; it's not surprising that its werewolf population is
similarly mixed, As mentioned before, Glass Walkers
and Bone Gnawersconcentrarte in J oronto; the Ukrena
also have aseattered presence throughout the province.
In fact, although they might not hold caems of their
own, virtually every tribe has permanentresidentssome-
‘where in Toronto — the only ones that cim't he proven
tw live there are the Silent Strider and Stargazers, and
even then its possible they just haven'c been noticed.

The West
British Columbia

British Columbia strovches from Alaska down 19
the state of Washington, straddling the Pacific Oceiun,
Itsanotably mountainous place; the Rockies, Colum-
bia Mountains and Casstar-Omineca Mountains all
nun through the province. British Columbiais Canada's
third most populous province, and about half of the
locals are immigrants from other provinces, cerritories
‘or countries. Halfof the province's population lives in
Vancouver, and fully 73% 1s concentrated along the
southwest coast. The north portion of the province is
virtually empry of human life, but there are several
wolf packs, as well as both black and grizely bears,
Toamning the area. Generally speaking, the climate's
rather mild in B.C., at least in the more settled areas.

Although the province does draw a faic amount of
money from tourisin. B.C. also has a healthy forestry
industry (particularly in the north) and plency of mining
(mostly in the southeast), A few Children of Gaia been
strive to use their resources to encourage tourism, hop:
ing thar the more people who see the land's aural

mw A World of Rage

a


ee A

beauty, the more people willobjectto the b
he forestry

yuuntabuses:
The Red
‘a thorn in the
se, Ie alo doesn't help
resident Silver Fangs would rather see as few

ub mininy
province ate something
c of this pln, « rat the
tors as
possible, so that they can execute their

litcle fear of renal

ssions with,

table as the site of
noble

rimental

city's vampires and Garou, which re
to set aside their eternal grudge in
This compact was struck in 1972
26 years before disintegrating
Nobody'ssure who fired the first shor, but when the
teemed Glass Walker Roger Daly was killed defend.
ban can a caer that was lost — the
Farou knew that something stank in. Vancouver. Re
cent intelligence reports confirm that someone has
built a shiny new casino atop a toxic dump, a damp
ntobe full-blown Wyrm-caern. The
ting t from being a Hive properis the
Black Spiral Dancers
tly under the vampires' protection. One par
ticularly uely bie of rumor has it that Daly's skin.
somehow preserved in Lupus form, hangs in the lobby
The tr and th Ives of British
Columbia are asking themselves some hard questions
about trust. Although they don't have the numbers te
pen war sigainst Vancouver's Leeches
(and whatever might h
a covert war is about to erupt into ben

Alberta

The western

bur the casi

were

of Canada's prai
Alberta is somewhat
ieighbors. Exceptin

tie provini
harsher than its
the 50 ion (where grass

‘oo! suman
Canadian R

0 ing fe

and glaciers as the prov
ince stretches north. The


|

we AZ

people here tend 1 be the equivalent off Canada's
cowhey6; Alberta's notorious for macho pursuits like
roxleos, hockey and Gola Rush revivals

There are plenty of Garou cancers in Alberta
Historically, Alberta was once the stomping grounds
of a oumber of Plains Indian tribes, including the
Blackfoot Confederacy; the failing fortunes of these
tribes sparked a number of werewolf attacks on local
sectlers around the end of the 19th century. The
petroleum businessis profitableand heavily entrenched
here, with Endron — as usual — among the worst
offenders of the industry, Atberta's also home to the
largest surviving herd of wild bison that has apparently

len under the protection of a multitribal sepe dedi-
ited to the torem af Bison.

A Get of Fenris cactn based out of the Kananaskis
Provincial Park, not far from Calgary, is particularly
notable for offering intensive battle training to mem>
hers of other tribes, The students undergo a brutal
training regimen and even more brutal sparring ses-
sions, but those chat "graduate" are among the fiercest
and most cechnically proficient warriors of the Garou
Nation, The werewolf whogquictly micutiots his uriine
angaac the Stone Heart Sept receives a healthy amount
of respect from those in the know.

Also of particular note is the West Edmonton
Mall, the infamous "largest in North Ametica." This
monument to shopping, with over 80D stores and the
largest indoor amusement park in the wold, bas boldly
pushed into caer status. The spirits of
Cockroach's brood, particularly spirits of commerce,
breed here in great numbers ts hardly surprising that
a local sepe of Glass Walkers has claimed the mall as
their territory, and bold moots there after hours,

Saskatchewan

The province of Saskatchewan is pure prairie coun-
tryj mountainsare few and far between inthis portion of
Canusa, The province's name means "fast rivet" in 3
nuativedialect, nnd truco form, the hydroelectric power
industry quite busy slong the variousrivers ofthe land,

Suskutchowan makesa good deal of tsmoney trom
agriculture, butits family farmshave traditionally been
troubled. The Depression of the 1930s hit brutally
hard, an today che vagaries of weather aren't being
ticularly forgiving. The ily farm is becoming an
endangered species, as an increasing shift toward cor-
porate farming mavesacrossthe province. And aswith
49 muuny other places in the World of Darkness, the
"hig business" treatment of agriculture leaves much to
bedesired. Cheinical treatments bative the crops, some-
times even leaking out of their containers to seep into
the land. Over-farming is causing a severe eresion

R A World of Rage

———————— ia 1

problem. And the people who know how to take care
of the land become increasingly unable to doo, asthe
poor harvests continue to hurt them. The province

also suffers from an ever-increasing number of forest
fires; localsare beginning tosuspect that an arsomist ot
arsonists ate responsible. The werewolves of the prov
ince, of course, have theit own opinions

Saskatchewan's most prominent sept of Garou isa
mixed sept of Wendigo, Uktena and Red Talons who
usrdaciern of Honor in Prince Alhert National Park
However, asthe park's fortunes fade (the money hasn't
been coming in the way it's needed), park officials
strive harder to increase tourism. The sept leaders are
worried that if che park is successful, 2 confrontation
between tourists and well-meaning carm
inevitable — and if it isn't, then the park might lease
‘out its mineral rights. As of yet, no solution. has
presented itself, and the clock is ticking

Manitoba

Maniroba is fairly representative of Canada's ter-
‘min; the south isseasonably temperate praitie, while the
northem two-thirdsof the province are heavily forested
and sparsely populated. The province's capital is
‘Winnipeg, a multicultural city chat often unknowingly
sponsors iultitribal moots in Kildonan Park (a park
that like New York City'sCentral Park, wasdesigned by
Borie Gnawer Kin Frederick Law Olmstead). Thecityis
somethingofaneurral groundamongthe various Garou,
although the Wendigo, Get and Fianna are notable for
voicing old grudgesat the Kildonan moots

‘A large portion ofthe province iseovered by lakes,
‘one of which takes up good portion of the province ont
its own. Lake Winnipeg is a remarkably large body of
er, second nly to the Great Lakes. However, over-
development isa very real problem alongs its shores, one
chat has incensed a local sepe of Fenrir. These Get ate
fairly prone co covert attacks on local fishing boats and
development companies, particularly hose thit seem to
take an... unusually professional interest in converting
the land for their purposes

In fact, Manitoba's economic activity is a matter
cof concern to most ofthe local Garou. The province is
home to almost all the problematically abused indus
«ries serrled in Canada — fishing, mining, forestry,
commercial agriculture and even heavy tourism. The
most recent near-disaster took place nearthe northern
town of Flim Flon, where blasting at copper mine
stirred up a bed of Thunderwyrm-like beasts that
spread throughout the area, It took weeks for the
Wendigo and Fenrir septs in the area to hunt all the
beasts down, and even now they're not sure that they
‘caught every last one.

welians ie


ne aA
The Northern Territories

Canada's territories are distinctly werewolf coun
try, particularly Wendigo and Red Talons. The lands
are very sparsely populated, boast modest nusmbers of
wolves, and proportionately more native Kin une
present. Of course, the climate makes the territories
1y peuple, but the Werutigo
seem to thrive on the bitter cold
Unfortunately, the Wendigo's Kin don't seem to
have the sane fortitude, Although the nuit and other
natives lire able to make a living in the barsh termin,
theicexistence isn'tanythingtobe envied, Thesuicide
rate among the native peoples is horrifying — alcohol
and drug addiction is a sadly ever-present problem:
The Wendigo and other native shapeshifters do what
they can to fight againss this miserable situation, but
the depression settled over the Inuit and other native
rastions has little co do-with Banes. There's nobody tw
"Killand make itbetter" —andalthough the Wendige
are surely capable of things other than outright vio
lence, they haven'tbeen able todo more than preserve
the sanity of o few Kin families The:

fess than destrable to a

homible, and no easy solution is im sight.

Northwest Territories

The Northwest Territories (or someni
ry sparsely sertled, with most settlements top-
ping outata few hundred people. Considering the size
of the territory, the human population seems all the
‘more rare Riversand iakes cover more than half ofthe
land, and much of the atea is tundra proper. The
summers are fairly hospirable, with sunlight for up to
20 hours a day, but when winter comes the NWT
become a harsh and unforgiving stretch of land.

‘The NWT support a surprising amount of animal
life, particularly given the conditions of permafrost that
cover the north. Timber wolves inhabit the southem
forests, while the rund isarctic wolf territory, andl that
means Wendigo and Red Talons. The ecosystenn is
dangerously fragile, though; one poor season can ravage
the plant life, deciinating tho ret of the food chain.
Although the animal species have always recovered
overtime, the encroachment of southem development
and incteasinyg Wyrm-influenced intruders threaten to
throw the bulance off for good. Moxt of the Garou's
battles in this-ares take place far from human civil
tion, where there'snobody to interfere —on either side

Yunavut

Canadu'snewest territory iastill just a fledgling —but
‘one with.an unussal twist. In 1999, che Canadian govern
ment formally set aside a portion of the NWT as the

eS NWT)

territory of Nunavut, a territory placed directly tn the
hands of the nutive people, This step hasn't been the
‘solution to all of the local natives' woes, mo be sure, but
most Canadians see it as a well-intentioned, progressive
step. The fact that Nunavut isn't exactly the moet hospi:
table of terrain probably doesn't hure their generosity

Thisalmost unprecedented move hassome people
looking for werewolf influence; it would certainly seem
like the sore of agenda thar the Wendigo, Uktena or
even the Children of Gaia would pursue, However, no
Garou has come forward to claim the responsibility,
and the renown that would surely follow. Some Garou
are hesitant w believe that the humans could have
‘come up with this idea on their own; to others, it's not
such a hard idea to swallow.

Ultimately, the responsible parties don't really
matter — what matrers are the new opportunities.
Now the Wendigo are doing what they can to phice
their Kinfolk in the local governments, and Parlia:
ment if possible. Li tool they're used to
using, bucthey refuse to leta chance like this lip away.

Nunavut isno more tmmume than any other prov-
ince to the depression and addictions that plague the

nativenations, Ofcourse theteareplentyof people who
‘manage wo overcome these demons, particularly in light
of the new opporrunities opening up — but, ns alwa

there are people who aren't as lucky or strong, lf there's
cone bright spot, it's that the increased Wendigo infl
enceandsparse population makesiteasierfor werewolves
to detect, isolate and destroy the Banes that come to
feed on the human population's misery, Unfortunately,
those Banesare asymptom, nota cause of the dise
the spint; as long as the humans are subject to pain
oblivion, the Wyrm-spirits will keep coming.

‘The most prominent sept in Nanavut is, naturally,
a Wendigo sept, one located along the Chesterfield
Inlet. Nungak Shifting Ice, 2 powerful Philodoxskilled
in battle, diplomacy and spirit mastery, leads the sept
‘The Sept of the Cold Sun has sponsored many packs
who have distinguished themselves well in battle and

vision quest; some prophets predict that the sept will
produce the Wendigo's champion in the Final Bartle.

nd

Whether Nunavut will eam a reputation as a
failuce with noble intentions or a genuine betterment
for the lot of Canada's native people remains to be
seen. The Wendigo are certainly going to fight for the

latter prospect — should the ontushing Apocalypse
allow them any time to do so, of course

Yukon

The Yukon Territory is famous for being moun:
tainous, forested and cold — the 1896 gold serike in
Klondike fixed the rerritory firmly in the world's per-

Chapter One: The Americas B


ae aA

ception. And fora short time, gold flawed freely out of
the mountains, A very short time. By 1902, there just
h gold to be had. Within a decade, the
boom had gone bust. The locals turned to miningsinc,
silver and other minerals, bur this was a poor substi
tute, The territory is currently in a depression as the
world mineral markets are ina slump. The Yukon has
cured to tourism, particularly with the gummick of
Klondike nostalgia, as a possible way to make ends
meet — but this has its drawbacks as well.

Nearly 20% of the local population are either full-
blooded or mixed-blood Native American; the Inuit
population isnegligible. Among them, the most promi-
rent group is the Dene, who have lived here for
pethps 60.000 years, The remainder ofthe population
is generally European, of fairly mixed pedigree.

The Garou are fairly strong in the Yukon} the
wus forested territory suitsthem, The Wendligo
ialonsare u notable presence, asisan enclave
of Shadow Lords who have come north to make their
fame fighting the more abusive mining corporations.
There are sud to bea few Gurahl in the territory as well
sortaindy the saliwor runs along che Yukon River actntee
theirursine Kin. The Pentex Board of Ditectors is well
awore that the Yukon is a prime example of "territory
likely to be guarded by shapeshifters," and is prone to
dispatching First Teams and other heavy security to
guard theit mining —and other "prospecting" —inter-
ests in the region. More than 2 few bloody firefights

along, the slopes have been the result.

The Changing Breeds

If Canada belongs to anyone other than the
Wendl then it's surely Corax territory. The Corax
have lived in the northern woods since before the
humans were telling stories of how Raven stole the sun
co keep the world warm, Canada's raven population
ncalerately healthy, and since the Corax don't particue
larly require Kin bloodlines to pass on theie gifts, the
of human partners is plenty beneficial
» the tribal home of the Qualmi. the
werelynxes who hoard mystical knowledge, both new
and oncient. The riddling lynx-shifters tend to avoid

mnract withthe settlers'descendans although
1 few have cautiously padded into the cities proper in
onder topry our whateverinformation catchestheirtufted
cears. The Qualini have very little by way of central
‘onganization,iistead relyinigon a gossip network of sorts
touxcharige important news, The Corn ocensionally act
as messengersfor the werelyrxes, but this isn't common;
an okt feud, centuries or even millennia pest, has left the
twosidesmoderutely waryofench other. The Coraxclaim
chat the chill colations stem frou a Qualmi fondness for

it A World of Rage

i — ——————————T

pulling tail-feathers, but considering the wereravens!
‘usually easy going nature, this s probably euphernism.
‘Aw Pumoncaalso make theirhomes in Canad, largely
itn the mountains of the westem provinces, but they are
significantly fewer — the werelynuxes have precedence
here, and the cougae-shifters know it.

‘There are plenty of coyotes in Canada; the adapt
able litle canines have done quite nicely at settling
into the majority of the country. With them come the
Nuwisha, of course, who enjoy both the increasing
coyote population and the diverse selection of humans
who might make enjoyable partners. As a result, a
moderate portion of the world's Nuwisha has been
born in Canada, although like the rest of their kind,
they find ir difficult to put down roots. They 3
particularly influential — but they're there

"The vast spacesalsoafiont afew Gueahlamplephices
tohide;the bears across Canada are numerous and varied
‘encuigh toserveas Kin forall four tribes, including thelce
Stalkers of the north. There ace precious few Gurahl
Active, but Canada seemstohave more of them than does
tany other country save Russia — it helps somewhat that
the local Wendigo don't mind the werebears' presence,
and the Europeans aren't inclined to believe thae any
survive. Still, one werebear hasmade open contact with
the Garou —an lee Stalker named Kucirak the Splitter.
uci son fairly decent ters with a Fenrir sep on the
‘Alaskan border, and he has joined their war parties on
several occasions, most notably making two Endeon
EPS and the Fist Team guarding them disappear from
the face of the earth. His Fenrir frends have +0 far been
very loyal, but Kucirak hasn't dropped his guard around
them; he knows full well that should he display any hint
‘of dubious moral character or weakness, the werewolves'
estimation of in will pum.

Finally, the Ratkin aren'vaspopulousin Canada as
they are in the United Seates, but they find the prairies
fairly appealing and che cities moderately interesting.
‘Common gossip among the wererars talks of a few Rat
Race militias thar have heen setting up ranches far
n civilization, or of Gamine deserters who are
ng rctlee foun desis wus playa or las ities in
the name of Madame DeFarge.

Most of the remaining Changing Breeds have «
few representatives in Canada, but only incidentally.
At least one Puimorea is said r0) roam the Rockies
north of the border, presumably guarding the site of a
long-buried Bane. The few Ananasi that inhabit
‘Canada tend to focus on the cities; they seem to find
nothing of interest in the wilder places. And although
aan occasional Mokolécomes north to see the midnight
sun for himself, the sun-aspected Dragon Breed has 2
natural dislike for the climate. There are no perma-


ome a SSD

nent Mokolé residents in Canada, and it's unlikely
that any visitors of the Breed will staydong.

The Enemy
Black oer, Dancers

The Wynm's own tribe iseverywhiere, and Canada
isno excepcions However, despineample wilernessco
hide chemselvesin, the Dancers areneas prdlfic here
as one might gaess(The greatest détetrent balding
themniback is. the ppresentee, of the Garou Nation's
‘Strongest! Warrior tribes — the Get off Fenris and
Wendigo both flourithin thé frozen forth, gind there's
ienumber of Ftannit, Ukcena, Silver Eanes and Red
‘alons corback the mitip. Asa resule; the Danoéts have
generally restrained themselves to worming their way
into Canada's miettapolitaty Centers where the wilder
tribes don't tea te goolt's certainly safer for them.

Pentex

The various¢orporations under Pentex'sbannerare,
of cou ly profiedtiven — and Canada is a place
swith ample profits to be made. In porticular, Endron has
been making constant (ifslow) progress toward bleeding
aasmuch petroleutn and aural' ape oleae
‘ean get. And because they, promise oe the ewersechicrive
buiofjote,dheybavepleiy ies Patios Good
‘House International is a major bayer for che Canadian
forestry industry, and the company is probably strongest
‘nCanada. Good House has made a number oftiwvestors
quite fich, at the expense of the nanon's fontsts: Hiaroid
dined Harold Mining, Incorporated isabsofiemlyentrenched
{x Canada, whede they vigorously tear as much of the
[ocal mincral reserves out of the earth'as possible:

While these thre are the matt prolife Pentex
Subsidkories in Canada, many of the othersaren't too far
behind. Ardus Boterprises has several profitable branch
offices up north, where there's lots of land to bury waste
andiow people eon) allahan Fishing Conpora
tion isheavily involved off both coasts, ther tlantic in
fparnvular; their current practices aremuaking it hard for
local fdborcnon eo tum a, diet haat
profie margins for the company.

The subsidiaries that produce products
‘and entercainment are also doing quite well for them-
selves. As a general rule, the influence of American
‘aleare in Canada isa tremendousasset: Canadians grab
tnealsatO'Tolley's, watch OmulTVshows, leafthrough
ere bus, and pla .

pages; The thst notable exception ts King
Breweries and Distilierits, whieh is the unfortunate
distinction ofproducingrecagnizably American (which,
to the Canadian palate, means "weak") beers That

hhayn't stopped the King family from doing their best to
buy out local breweries and scart pushing Canadian beer
under a different label — wich the appropriate King
touch," of course. So far, they haven't made that
purchase, bur it might not be long.

United States:
Pure Lands No Longer

‘There cam be little dour that humams have essential
reconfigured the American landecabe, Todas, more than
85 percent of the virgin forests of the United States have
been logged, 90 percent of the tallgrass pres have been
plowed or paved, and 98 percent of the rivers and streams
have been dammed, diverted, or developed. fs the process
hundreds of species have vanished completely, many others
have declined tothe point of endangerment, an still others
care drastically reduced in number.
David $. Wilcove, The Comdor's Shadow

‘Sprawlingfrom the Atlantic coast to the Pacificshore,
the United States presents modem Garou with a host of
challenges. Land of opportunities lost and found the vast
nation thar has, for the better part of the last cenuury,
assutned the leadership of the world servesas.a crucible in
which the three-way struggle of Wyld, Wyrm and Weaver
manifests in a multiturle of forms. Though greater battles
against the Wyrm take place in the Amazon on a daly
basis, the United States harbors many smaller bartles on a
multi-sided front. Many Garou believe that the final
battles against the Wyrm will take place on American soil,
They may he wrong, but no one ean dispute the fact thar
America offers the Garou a splendid practice field on
which to hone ther skills forthe inevitable conflict.

History

Ofthe three Garou tribes that originally settled in
the Pure Lands, which consist of the continents of the
Western Hemisphere, only the Uktena and the
Wendigo remain. The stories they tell of the history of

Jand speak of great wars against Wyrm
followed by « tine uf pemee sand prospericy

before the invasion of the European Wyrmcomers
The other Garou tribes, who arrived in the "New
World" with their Kinfolk from Europe, tell adifferent
tale — of a land in need of strong guardians able to
defend it in ways the local Garou could not fathom.
Together, these tales make up an epic story of struggle
and conquest, of lessons learned and knowledge lost.

The Pure Lands

During the time of ice and cold, three Garou tribes,
along with other Changing Breeds. crossed the great

Chapter One: The Americas Ms

TS


A neers erm reer eee i eran nt ore Near reecrnumiremoarmana

attook shapeactossthe ocean and impelled the humans
16 A World of Rage
—_——— —— ay

ame a SL

land bridge from Asia with their Kinfolk. The land they
found strecched before them in unspoiled glory — vast
forests, expanses of tundra and tiga, towering mou
thins and fertile prairies. Spirits of all kinds, including
‘many hostile creatures of the Wyrm, filled the Umbra
and walked about in the physical world as well. The
newcomers alo found bumans and members of other
Changing Deceds already living in the Pure Lands, The
new arrivalsjoined with the indigenous dwellersto hunt
down and either destroy the W yrm-spawn or bind them
an spirit prsons or deep within the earth itself,

Atter the ime of binding, the Garow and their
charges spread out w make their homes in the land

The Wendigo and their Kinfolk
in the northern forests and
pei, The Uiktena and Croaran
cledfurthersouth,towarmer, more remperateclimes
In the southwestemn United States, the Uktenst
shared the land with the Pumonca and che ctive
Anansi. The Croatan wandered toward the Great
River and, beyond, te the eastem ocean, They, too,
ncountereda few Pumoneaand, in the swamplands of
he most southern regions of North America, the
strange and uncommunicative Mokolé. The Nuwisha,
ar that time, were everywhere.

The Warof Rage had not left behind as many scars
in the Pure Lands as elsewhere in the world; the
Changing Breeds managed to coexist in relative har-
mony with one another, respecting each others' terti-

Over the
prospered. In the fertile valley of «

¢ of the Pure Lands
e great Mississippi

River, the civilization of the mound builders grew and
flourished. They tradext with other cultures, including the
‘empires far to the south. In the northem forests and the

deserts of the southwest, other cultures rose and fell. The
Jarou warched over the sovietiesof their Kinfolk acting
as messengers fru spirit work! wo theie chosen
hhumansbur otherwise leavinygthem to theirown devices

The humans of the Pure Lands did as humans every-
sehete — diy lun vesced dhe riches of the eat, hunted
the creatures given to them by the spirits they honored,
amongeach otherand made war formanyreawns.
on tended their caems and bred with their
Kinfolk. Occasionally they met with other Changing
Breeds—not always frienaly terms, but neverwith the
ferocity that characterized the Garou tribes in other
lands, where the War of Rage still bre enmity,

Some stones say thae the Garou of the Pure Lands
grew complacent; others, that they grew proud. Most
legends speak of the Wyrm spirits of jealousy and greed

The G

of Europe rosa across the ocean in search of new sources
of wealth and power. Inany case, the centuries of relative
peace known by the creatures of the Pure Lands came to
aan abrupe etd with the sight of sails upon the eascern
horizon and the approach ofstrangees from across the sea.

Dreams provided the first wamings of impending
change. Garou Theurges saw visions of strange crea-
tutes, their skins pale with death or blotched from
sickness, arriving from the east. Omens spoke of dark
<loudsblotting out the lightof the moon and covering
the land with their blighted shalows.

When the ships led by Columbus made landfall on
the islands of the Caribbean, most Garou of the Pure
Lands did not realize that their world would change
forever Only gradually did they sense the oncoming
peril. But by then, it was too late. The Wyrm had
arrived once more in the Pure Lands.

Forever Changed

‘TheSpaniardsarrivedin the 1500s,asLeSotoled his
troops of soldiers and priests from Florida through the
southeastern. portion of North America. His travels
broughthim ntocontact with many ofthe ative peoples,
who suffered from De Soto's ruthless tactics of conquest
ndsubjugition, Werewolves, alongwith the othverChang-
ing Breeds of the Southeast — the Pumonea and the
Mokolé — harried the Spaniards, many of whom disap
peared in the forests and swamps. But the foreign infest
‘ton had begun in eamest and lef its mark in burned and
looted villges ancl disease-ridden people, whodiedby the
thousands from unfamiliar ilinesses. Although De Soto
finally succumbed co malaria and most of the Sparish
withdrew to Florida, other Europeans followed swifly in
theit wake. The Fach created ettlements along the
Gulf Coast und carried out a brisk trade i fury in the
nnorthem forests. MoreSpaniandsinvadedNoeth America,
coming up from Mexivo and creating a string of missions
in the southwest and up the California coast. In the
northwest, Russian fur traders carried on a lucrative
business with the people of the Pacific coast. Finally, the
English came to the shores of North America — estab-
Hishing decir fiat culouy on Rowioke Ista, near the
coast of what would one day be called North Carolina.

With the Europeans came the werewolves of the
‘Old World. Fianna, Get of Fenris, Silver Fang, Bons
‘Gnawers, Warders, Black Furies and Children of Gaia
«came with their Kinfolk, eagertoflee the overcrowcled
cities of Europe and the increasingly oppressive pres
ence of Wyrm and Weaver. A few Red Talons made
the joumey as well, searching for new sources of
Kinfolk among the wolves of the New World,

Along with the newcomers, however, came the
Wyrm-tainted: Some of those who settled in the new


ee

mori, whose
onto the

colonies were not humans,
Bane riders drove them to
uncorrupted lands and claim

them for their master. Leeches
came, as well, gathering in the
newcitiesand establishingcheit

ories to prey upon

Many of the Pure Lands G
like the humans of the New World,
dually, arfirs,hoping that their

reams and omens were

g. But the European
Jthemselveswith

FancAue
she same arrogance as the hu
man settlers. Believingchatthey

posse: ater knowledge of the
world than the primitive seeming
natives," thenew werewolvesiaid hetrown lain
inthe Pure Lands, heedlessof the territorial rights the
tribes that had protected the land for

Sacrifice and Loss

the colonistswhofounded thesettle

sacrifice in otder to
crearurefrom the world. Though the Crata's

heroic action succeeded, the repercussions
proved costly, The Wendigo blamed the Uktena
fornotcominy:torhe aid of theCroatan, whi
\e Utena maintained that they kriewnoth~
the Croatan's intent The rift
pened up between the nwo te
maining Pure Lands tribes made the
encroachment of he European Garou
4 relatively easy task,
As the European colonists embarked
fc territories for their

ing
mother countries, the

werewolves
the lands on
Uktena and the Wendigo.
Hampered by the loss of many
of their Kinfolk to disease or
juve ceawoval many Pare
Lands Garou abandoned
ind relocated
set untouched by the
ns. The American Revolution

urope seized
protected by the

their cae

hy olan:


|

ee A

‘opened the door to massive westward expansion —and
for more waves of immigrants. As the territory claimed
by the United States grew larger, the Uktena and the
‘Wendigo saw their own lands and Kinfolk diminish

‘The Other Side of the Coin

Many European Garou, of course, tell different
story, Upon their arrival on the shores of the New
World, they encountered the native Garo and ex
pressed their desire to share the land. They soon real
ized, however, thar the Uktena and Wendigo had litte
Knowledge of European ways and that they would be-
comeeasy prey tothe weaponsand ploysofthe newoom-
ers. Placing the need to protect Gaia before all else, the
Garou from Europe assumed the role of caretakers of the
new lands. The European werewolvesspeakofhow their
Pare Lands cousins met their offers of friendship and
cooperation with hostility and enmity, forcing them to
sgotowar tosecure the land against the Wyem-taint that
had urrived with thi
For the urope, the Pure Lands offered
hope and opportuniy, both qualities missing from the
Old World, where Leeches and: ¢ Wyrut-cceatures
had gained the upper hand. They did not understand
the reluctance of the native Garou to accept the help
sand leadership they offered, Unfortunarcly, the seedsof
dee Wy: already maken rootand grew intoa legacy
of tivalry and bitremess among the European Garou.

The Pure Lands Despoiled

The outbreak of the Cwil War saw the European

divided among themselves. As Kinfolk entered
into the conflict on borh sides, the Garou found their
loyalties likewise divided, After the war. many Garo
joined the movement westward as the philosophy of
Manifest Destiny drove the United States to establish its
boundaries "from sea ro shining sea." The Uktena and
Wendigoonce again found themeelvesdriven outof their
reritories, leaving their cuerns either sealed and aban-
sdoned or else in the hands of usurpers, In the Umbra, the

abundonmentocaemsoneebelongingtothe Pure Lands
cou weakened mony of tae sonedslsplaced-oport

Wyrin spirits In 1830, the powerful spirit known as the
Storm Eater burst loose from its bindings and rampaged
through the Unnbvat lands of the westem United States,
{wan't until 1889 thar de Garou, through the sacrifice
cof one of the greatesthheroesof each tribe, managed to veal
away the massive Bane/Weaver-spirit hybrid once more.
The later half of the 1h century saw a consolid
‘ion of effort by the Uived States to solidity its borders
Railroads criserosed dhe land,
serots the continent and great cities formed a gigantic

1

aa

Weaver's web from the Atlantic tothe Pacific. By he end
of the century, most of the wolf population had been
fbrought to near-extinction in the continental United
States. Thispaucity of lupus Kinfolk brought home to the
Garouthe precariousnessoftheirpesition and mace thera
aware ofjust how close they were to losing the vitaleswence
of woliblood. Finally, even the European werewolves
realized that theirnew home layin gravedangerirom both
‘Weaverand Wyrm. Effortsat conciliation with theie Pure
‘Lands cousins began, bur too many years of bitterness
made idiffcul forthe Uktena and Wendigo to put aside
theie enmity for the Garou who had stolen their lands.

A Century of Rage

The 20th century began with » worldwide war that
resulted in plunging the heretofore isolationist United
States into the midst of world affairs, The Second Wold
‘War brought home to the werewolves the true strength
of the Wyrm and the Weaver as the nuclear age placed
‘errible weapons of destruction in the hands of mortals
In the United States, European and Pure Lands Garou
finally realized the need tofind some common ground
Aso sense of global conmmunity spread throughout the
‘world during the second half of the 1900s, werewolves
in the United States gradually attempted to heal some
cof the wounds caused by 300 years of infighting — years
during which only the Wyrm truly profited.

Although intectribal differences still surface —
particularly those involving: the Wendigo and any
other Garou — the werewolves of the United States
now strive to unify themselves in order to present 2
strong enough force to bring the battle to the Wyrm,
‘The fate, not only of the "Pure Lands" but also of the
world, hinges on their success.

Geography:
Where the Garou Are

Although Garou tend to be territorial, the migra-
tion patterns of their Kinfolk in the United Stateshave

resulted in a wider distribution of tribes than in most
‘other parts ot the world. Nevertheless, some tribes

predominate in certain regions — largely due to the
presence of significant Kinfoll populations.

Northeast

The sprawling megalopolis that encompasses much
of New England and the Mid-Adiantic and includes the
cities of Roston, New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore and
‘Washington, DC has fallen under the firm control of the
‘Weaver. The Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers, with:
their predilection for the urban wilderness and cheir

A World of Rage


wl fhe

acceptance of technology, have a strong presence here
OtherGarou tribes make their homesin theless populous
areas suchasrural New Hampshire, Vermont, Maine and
upstate New York. The Fianna, Get of Fenris and Silver
Fangspredominace among Garouof European descent. A
few Ukcena live here along with » handful of Wendigo
who remain near the remnants of their Kinfoll.

Southeast

The coastal lands of Virginia and the Carolinas,
slong with the southem Appalachian states of Ken-
tucky, West Virginia, Tennessee and Western North
Carolina serve as home to Garou from many tribes
Although the Fianna and Get of Fentis predominate,
due co the high incidence of Scot-lish and German
thers, Silver Fangs and Children of Gaia also make
hhomes in this region. While none of the cities of
the Southeast approach the size or congestion of the
Northeast oe Midwest, urban centers suchas Richmond,
Raleigh, Greenwille, Columbia, Knoxville and Nash
ville contain enough stimulation to attract significant
number of Glass Walkers, Bone Gnawers exist not only
un the urban centers of the Southeasr, hut also among.
the rural und mountain populations of Appalachia. A
few Red Talons roam the jiolated forests of the Great
Smokies, che Blue Ridge and che Cumberland moun-
tains, while Ukeena reside among theie Cherokee Kin
folk nthe mountainsofNorthCarolinaand Tennessee
Midwest
The large number of German and Irish settlers
who populated the Midwestern United States has
censured a predominance of Get of Fenris und Fianna
Garou and Kinfolk. The cities of Chicago, Milwau-
kee, Kansas City, Indianapolis and other urban cen
tery of middle America have theit share of urban
Garou tribes as well 3s u good representation from

tribes such us the Black Furies, Children of Gaia,
‘Silver Fangs and Shadow Lords.

Deep South and Florida

The region uncompactinys Gaorgia, Alabama, Mic-
sissippi, Arkansas, Louisiana and Florida has ewer large
cities than most of the rest of the United States. Never:
theles, Atlanta, New Orleans and Miami provide large
population centers und serve as gathering places for
Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers, along with a few
representativesofather Garoutribes. Inthe ruralSouth,
the Uktena have made a resurgence due to their deci-
sion to seek Kinfolk from the large African-American
population in the area. The Bvergladesregion of Florida
hosts a sizeable Uktena population as well

Southwest

‘Thesouthwestern United States consistsof the vast

deserts of New Mexico and Arizona, the varied land-
seape of Texas and the sale flats of Ura, As expected
Glass Walkers congregate in. the cities of Phoenix,
Houston, Dallas,and otherurban centers Inthe wilder
ness regions, the Uktena have a stronzhoki de to che
presence of many Native American Kinfolk
Wendigo dwell here'as well, although the warm
does not suic their cold natures; the Sept of the Painted
Sands in Arizona isone of thetr most prominent caerns.
The rest ofthe ribesare represented in smaller numbers.

Montana, Idaho and
‘Wyoming boast some of the nation's most dramatic
and wild scenery as the Rocky Mountains dominate
large portions ofthe region. Denver hosts the
number of Glass Walkers in this portion of the
United States. Other tribes have scattered through
out the sparsely populated areas, Both Uktena and
Wendigo live near the reservations belonging
theit Kinfolk. The return of the wolves to
Yellowstone National Park has attracted a fair num-
ber of Red Talons in the last decade,

Pacific Horthwest
‘Washington and Ore boast large tracts of for:

estlandsthar atcract many Garou concerned with their
preservation. Except for Alas
Wendigo have their largest concentration in this put
of the country. Silver Fangs of Russian descent along
with Get of Fenris and a few Fianna also make up a
significant portion of the Garou population, while the
Red Talons have a small but impartant voice in the
community of werewolves, Relatively few Uktena li
inthisregion; those who do have chosen oli
their Kinfolk relocated in the last century to reserva
tions in the Northwest, or the increasing numbers of
Asian-Americans. The cities of Seattle and Portland
hold the greatest concentration of Glass Walkers and
Bone Gnawers in the area.

California and Nevada

The West Const, along with Nevada, contains a
varied mix of Garou. The cities af San Francisco, Los
Angeles and Las Vegas sire meceas for the urban
werewolves, while the redwood forests of northern
Californiaprovidea haven forthe Children of Gaia and
other European Garou. Stargacers also have a distinct
presence in California, where many of theit Kinfolk live
among the state's large Asian-American population,

and Canada, thie

Chapter One: The Americas 9

——————


aA

Alaska

The relatively unspoiled lands of Alaska provide a
hospitable environment for the Wendigo, who exist
here in greater numbers than in many other regions of
the United States, The wolf population in Alaska
serves as « prime lupus breeding stock for the Red
Talons, as well. who have migrated to Alaska to seek
out lands where fewer humans dwell. Other Garou
tribes exist here in small numbers — many of whom
have come to address the environmental concerns in
se srareand, zodate, ite mast unspoiled.

Hawai

row aire mot native to Hawali, but some
werewolves do inhiabic the topical iskind state. Star-
gazers live among their Polynesian and Japanese Kin-
folk, while Glass Walkers have come to Honolult to
enjoy the benefits of urban living in the midst of
"paradise." Other Garon visit the region and occasion
ally remain co get involved in preservation efforts

Other Changing Breeds

‘While more Garouexist in the United States than
any of the other Changing Breeds, nearly all of the
shapeshifters have a presence in America. Pumonca
inhabit den realms in the southwestand in parts of the
southeast, where "painters" (panthers er mountain
lions) once roamed freely. A few Qualmi live in the
Rockies while most reside in Canada alongside their
feline Kin. The few American Gurahl inhabit the
forests of the southeast, the Rockies, the Alaskan
riverwaysand the Pacific Northwest. In the Everglades
rida and the bayous of Louisiana, a few Mokolé
make their homes, Com have spread throughout the
United States, while the Rutkin inhabit most of the
nution'scities. Along the coastlines:and in Hawaii, the
Rokea make themselves known upon occasion.

The Present

‘The Garou in the United States face an uphill
struggle against the forces of both the Weaver and the

Wynn. Vanishing wilderness, urban pollution, toxic
waste and other environmental disasters-in-the-mak-
ing pose a constant threat to the land. Many caems
once protected by the Uktena and Wendigo remain
lost to modem Garou, The ancient bindings that held
powerful Wyrm spirits at bay are weakening at an
alarming rate, and there aren't enough Uktena
Bonecenders to guard them all. Most Garou attribute
the mereasing violence among the human population
to the effect of Wyrm-spirits on the population. And,

of course, the specter of Pentex dominates much of

corporate America, infusing modem society with its
unique brands of Wyrm-taint. The signs of the Apoca-
Iypse grow more and more evident as the true millen:

ie their

i,

nium approaches and many Garou feel 1
efforts have come too late to make a difference.
they try —and some of their efforts succeed,

The Reign of Albrecht and the
Demise of the Seventh Generation

‘The recentascensionof Lord Jonas Albrecht, grand
son af Jacoh Moringkill, to the throne of the
Fangs has brought new life to the tribe. By custom and
tradition, the SilverFangshave claimed leadership ofall
Garou. While few tribes accept this claim as valid and
binding, many Garou acknowledge the posiionss syne
bolic of the unity of all Garou in their fight against the
Wyrm, Cermainly, Albrecht's recovery of the legendary
Silver Crown has gone a long way toward convincing
his eribemates of his fines to rule

One of Albreche's first actions as king was the
destruction of the organization known as the Seventh
Generation, aDefiler Wyrm cultdedicated tothe corrup-
tion of children through systematic abuse, Underthe rule
cof Jucob Momingkill, the Silver Fangs refised to accept
the existence of the Seventh Generation, exiling Loba
CCarcassone, the Silvet Fung Theurze who urged her tribe
to tke action, However, Allrechr's experiences during
his own exile made him more receptive to the ideas of
those outside the tribe. His recall of Loba from exile and
hisdecision to wage wuron the Seventh Generation met
with resistance at frst from more traditional tribe mem-
bers. The resultant successful war, however, not only
proved the wisdom of his decision but also served as a
great morale boost for the Silver Fangs

Since then, Albrecht has gone on to take the fight
tothe Wyrm in other places, advocating an aggressive
stance that many Garou feel is long overdue,

Albrechthashiscrities, ofcourse, primarily among
the older members of the tribe who oppose the new
king's sometimes-unilateral decisiveness and would

preferto spend years planning and discussing actions
before actually putting them to practice.

Signs of the End Times

Apart from the concems of the modem world, many
Garou also believe that the final days prophesied in the
‘Silver Record have arrived. The appearance of a mysterious
red star in the Umbra, coupled with the miraculous birth of
a perfect cub to two metis, has brought together Theurges,
Galliards and Philodox from all the tribes to determine
‘what, ifany, course of action the Garvushould take. Forthe
‘most part, these seekers spend their time in discourse and
research, (ayia to piece tegether fragments of lore — both

20 A World of Rage

SRO


ee A

and prophecy in order to discover
meaning of these two very potent signs of the Apocalypse

written and oral

A few, however, haveundertaken quests inte-the Umbt
search of more information from the spirits: While many
Garoudismiss these actions as peripheral tothe" eal fight,'

arhers wonder if just perhaps, the vistonaries might havea

clearer view of the years to come than most Garck

A Dying World

Environmental concems in the Unite
focus for most American'
sside, the prevalence c

and unmonitored dur
Garou busy tak

tion of the ecosystem. Whi
among the human population, the Garou feel
that not enough és happening to make
the changes necessary to halt the

slight
ronmental disaster.

ments among the Garou
have arisen to handle che crisis.
on multiple fronts, Some

Garou, p
Children

chosen to concentrate
their efforts on educating
the moses and lobbying
for legal c

Fenris, have joined forces with various environmental

activisy groups. TheGilass Walkers hurvetaken thes

tothe World Wide Web, rallyin

newsgroups and maintaining a. ser

disseminate on, In addition, some GI

ers have sought to encourage the growth of ecorfrienslly
on with the Weavercar

cad vo the defeat of the Wyrm.

Movers and Changers
Albrecht, King of the Silver Fangs

Background: Bom to
Albrecht's intensity and to speak his

incurred hi

Jacob Morningkill
k City. Albrecht befriended the loca
and gathered a small pe

wether, His can
her tribes gave him
ture of the averall stragele

m and prepared
im for his destiny

The untimely


us
|

eA

Fangs. His ability to inspire confidence in others and
his unclouded vision concerning the true purpose of
the Garouhave led many tobelieve thathe i indeed,
the leader needed to unite che Garou for the final
battles against. the Wyrm.

Tmayer Tall and well built, with angular features
and fine silver-blond hair worn part his shoulders,
Albrecht displays the aristocratie carriage of his noble
ancestry, His preference for wom jeans and cil
clothes, however, Indicates his true opinion of outer
seethun gan nested status. fa Cxinos form, Albrecht
becomes « hiige, white-furredenginecof death. His
Jupus form displays white pelt of his Pure Breed,

Roleplaying Notes: You didn'task co be king, but
since Falcon chose you, you might as well make the
hese of it

Micah Farwatcher,
"Prophet of the End Times"

Background: Raised by his Kinfolk father, a
h came by his love for the
med by his Stargazer mother soon
ange, Micah accepted his Gurou
iso insisted thar he pursue his educa-
Ph.D. in astronomy from Stanford
hac used hie sciencific knowledge to
the prophecies concerning the red
cosmig portents and has gained a
wutationvasa prodigy among his ibe. Althouigh he
spends much of his tisme gtudying the legendsof the
end his alsgtraveled extensively
in the Umbrafearching for answers and studying the
impact ofighe Fed star on thespirixiworld. So far, he
hy uncoveted More questious than answer, how-
ever, His nextielfuniposed quest consists of finding
the truth about the metiseub and axterpting to judge
for himself che importance of this occurrences

Image? OF mixed Asian-American heritage,
Micah stunds ust uncer 5'7" in homid form. He has
dark hair and eyes, with adefinicé Asian caste to his
features, InGrings form, Micah is 8*tallitvith silver
streaked black far: Hedresses like a professorunless
he isgeated forbattle or preparing to embark on an
arduous jougey

Roleplaying Notes: Your knowledge of the stars
comesfrdim science andlagend and yousee no disparity
between the two, You have dedicated your Ife wo
solving the mysteries of Garou prophecy, and it seems
that you ure engaged in @ face against tine to do just
that. You have litle timefor anything else other than
your life's work, since yohelieve that the Apocalypse
s literally just around the comer.

stars honestly. Cl
after his First C
heritage but
tion, gaining
University. }
inte

22

a dae

Fainche Battlesinger,

"Avenger of the Land"

Background: Fainche grew up in an activist fam-
ily. Her Garou father coached her carefully from child-
hood to hold the Earth as sacred and wihat@iany who
would destroy Her throughyiceident or design. When
het First Change came, the young Ahroun joined the
local sept and quik t pack of like-minded
Garou. Accepted ag pack leader for her outspoken
opinions and a Fainche quickly
plunged into the world of e¢s-tertorism. She and her

pack delight in jgalvanising normally peaceful envi-
ronmentalist grOups into actions ofsabotage beievinz

that only ut thels BARE ine will
ever accomplith anything. To date, she has been
arrested four times for her actions, but has managed to

«scape imprisonment through the efforts of one of her
pack members, aGlass Walker attomey

Image: stocky young woman in her
early 20s, with darkfgubyrn hair curshort and hazel eyes.
She prefersclothing th herplenty offreedom to

xd fouse shists— unless she
activities chae require dark
form stands nearly 9° call.

e te and you have to
simpleonce youput

tence in order toconcen-

string of rallies, protests
activities. So whae if you
spend alle time ching ‘bars for your beliefs, The
world needs risk-takers, and you are nothing if not that.

Mexico

Theard the music of Palenque

heard your mother's cry

Faded fooupmints

On a blood-stained soil

And the sacrificial lullabies

— Annie Lalley, "Mexico"

The land of Mexico comprises apottion of the Ring
of Fire, a Pacific region characterized by seismic and
volcanic activiry due to the interaction of three tectonic
plates, Narural disasters such as the eruption of the
Chinchon volcano in the carly 1980s frequently alter
the environment and create havoc among the people
and creatures of the country. Some Garou and other
Changing Beeeds claim that thisdisturbance of the land

stems not from natural causes, but from Gaia's displea-
sure at what has happened to Her once beautiful land.

A World of Rage


aA

History

The earliest stories of Mexico tokl by the Garou

and other Changing Breeds relite the travels of the
Pure Ones and their shapechanging companions from
their ancient homes to a new land. Some of the tales
told by the Kinfolk of Mexico describe several ages of
the world, each of which ended in a great disaster and
a new beginning for living things. Other stories te:
count a Jong journey from beneath the earth to the
surface of the world. So many stories exist thatno one
knows which tiles are enue but most believe that eich
tale contains the seeds of the rel story,

‘The first werewolves to ative in Mexico eatne with
their human Kin who would eventually form the Aztec
Empire. Traveling from their ancient home of Aztlan, in
what would one day be called Colorado, a few Uktena
sccompanied theit human charges into the fertile mesas
‘of central Mexico, where they found other people dvell-
ing. These earliercivilinrions descendantsaftheOlmecs,
the Toltecs, the Mixtecs and the ancient people of
Teotihusacan, already lived in large cities and drew their
axtenance from the fruits of their fields. The Balam knew
these people as their Kinfolk and jealously attempeed to
protect them fom those who would tryto conquer them,

Some stories tell of how the Garou and the Balam
foughc a long a vicious bactle over territorial rights co
this part of the Pure Lands. During this ime, when
both Changing Breeds were distracted from theie true
duties, ancient and powerful creatures of the Wyrm
in and worked a subtle influence over the
2s, encourging. them to make terrible and devas
tating war on the older civilizations. These old ones,
probably vampites, controlled the priesthood and de-
‘manded the blood of their captivesas sacrifices. Many
Kinfolk of the Garou died upon the altars of the gods
Other stories whisper of even darker forces working
beneath the land,demonic ereaturesand Wyrm-spawn
who encouraged the bloody impulses of the Azzecs.

‘When the Garou and the Balam realized that their
ssrugeles had cost them the people they had been trying
toprorcer, chy called truce and artempred tatectify the
damage, but they were too late. By this time, the Aztccs
had developed a taste for blood, war anxd empire. They
tumed their desires to the rich land of the Yucatan
peninsula, where the civilization of the Maya flourished.

Like the Aztecs, the Mayan culture fell under the
influence of bloodthirsty supernaturals despite the
attempts of the native shapechangersto protect them,
"The Mayan empire disappeared under the weight of
invaders from first the Toltecs and, later, the Aztecs.
"Theirculture faded into obscurity after theirabandon-
ment by their "gods."

In 1519, Hernan Cortes landed with his con
dors on the const of Mexico, The Aztecs believed that
Cortes, because of his pale skin, was the reincarnation of
Quetzaleoatl, one of their greatest nd mst beloved ef
gods, This misconception opened the door to the rapid
conquest of the Aztecs — and later, the rest of Mexico

by the Spanish, Within a few years, the mighty cities
of Mexico lay in ruins beneath the heels of the conquis-
radors, who plundered them of their riches and mace
slavesoftheir people,usingthem ro workin the gold and
silver mines and on the farms and plantations, Along
with the Spanish armies came missionaries, who worked
toconvert the native population. Used to obeying their
‘own priests, the people recognized the new authority
thar now ruled theit lives. One more factor contributed
tothe urter conquest of Mexico —the arrival of diseases
for which the natives had no immunity.

With the Spaniards who came to live in Mexico
‘came a few Garou sebo fell into the same conflict with
the native shapeshifters that marked the colonization
‘of both North and South America. The native Garou
and the Balam found theriselves and theie Kinfolk
outnumbered and retreated — the Balam to their Den
Realms and the Garou co places deep within the
jungles away from the population centers

Other supernatural creatures followed, including,
vampires who encouraged the growth af large cities to
feed their hunger for blood. To augment the native
laborforce, the Spanish brought in slaves from Africa

In 1824, Mexico gained its freedom from Spain.
Twelve years later, Texas rebelled against Mexican rule,
nly tobe annexed by the United States in 1845, Under
the leadership of Benito Juarez, a member ofthe Zapotec
tribeand UktenaKinfolk, the new govemmentofMexico
atcempted a number of reforms intended to redress the
injustices suffered under Spanish rule. Economic disaster
reaulted and European forces invaded Mexico to secure
their financial investments. Juarez and his followers be-
ganacampaign of gucilla warfare. Native shapechiangers
likewise fought their European counterparts in bloody
bartles for the right to protect the land

The xtsplayes idle diveye
part in the evolution of Mexico during the latter half
of the 19th and the 20th centuries. In the less popu
lated parts of the country, however, both Garou and
Balam tried to prosect what they could from further
despoilment by minionsofthe Weaver anid the Wyrm,

Geographic Regions
Mexican Plateau

‘The most heavily populated region of Mexico can-
sists of a lange plateau that extends from the US border

sons all few

Chapter One: The Americas 2

<= A AE


A LSA

to che Isthmus of Tehuantepec, rising from 4,000 feet
above sea level in the north to 8,000 feet in the south.

‘The northern region of the Mexican Plateau —La
Mesadel Norte—containsan arid region bordered bythe
SierraMade Occidental to the westand the Sierra Madre
Oriental to the east: Over the ages, the erosive action of
streams and rivers has carved deep canyons through the
mountains, including the Barranea del Cobre, which
rivals the Grand Canyon in size and spectacle. Some
‘mountainsof the Sierts Madre Oriental reach abeight of
13,000 feet, while the peaksof the Sierra Madre Occiden-
tal attain elevations of up wo 9,000 feet

La Mesa Central extends southward from La Mesa
del Norte to Mexico City and beyond. Flatter and
wetter than the northem plateau region, La Mesa
Centeal contains many rich valleys of volcanic soil
surrounsded by mountainous areas. This region holds
Mexico's breadbasket as well as some of its highest
voleanie peaks mcluding Mounts Popocatepe and
Ixtaccthuatl, both over 17,000 feet.

Gulf Coastal Plain

Stretching from the border with Texas to the
Yucatan peninsula, the Gulf Coastal Plain contains a
seriesof swampy lowlands and lakes near the shore and
gentle hills and plains that proceed inland toward the
high mountainsof the Sierra Madre Oriental, Much of
this land serves as pasture for cattle,

Pacific Lowlands

The narrow strip of land west of the Sierra Madre
Occidental consists of a varied mex of geological for-
mations — mesas, valleys and strips of coastal plains
surrounding numerous river basins. Stretching for 900
niles from the Mexicali Valley southward to Tuxpan,
this predominantly arid region has undergone exten:
sive irrigation in che 20th century and now serves asan
agricultural area for Mexico.

Baja California Peninsula

The Gulf of California separates this narrow strip
of land from the rest of Mexico. Baja California ex-
tends southward from California for 800 miles and
consists of a pair of mountain ranges — the San Pedro

and the Sierra de Juares — with peaks that
exceed 9,000 feet: The eastern mountains drop off
dramatically to the Gulf of California, limiting access
from that direction. The gentler slope of the western
mountains allows for more habitable conditions. In.
general, rainfall is sparse throughout Baja California,
although the southern portion of the peninpula expe
riences moderate rainfall during the summer.

4

Ow _—

Balsas Depression

The Balsas Depression gets its name from the Rio
Bales, the region's major river system. Small basins
altemate with hills to form a varied and impressive
landscape just south of the Mexican Plateau.

Southern Highlands

Mountain rangesand plateaus make up the South-
em Highlands of Mexico, The mountains of the
Sierra Madre del Sur, along the western border of the
Highlands, extend to the sea. The beaches along the
coast attract many tourists to their cl
and the presence of cities such as Ms
Acapulco have gamered the area a reputation as the
Mexican Riviera." Inland, mountain basins and val

leys provide a harsh if habitable basi for local farm:

ing. The Mesa del Sur, a region of secluded valleys
and low-lying ridges, lies to the east of the mountains
Here, in the valley of Oaxaca, the Zapotec Indians
preserve their culture amid an atmosphere of harsh
living and subsistence farming.

Isthmus of Tehuantepec

A narrow strip of land between the Southern
Highlands and the Chiapas Highlands forms the Isth
snus of Tehuantepec. Male up of a central ridge of low
hills flanked by narrow coastal plains, this area con:
rains heavy jungles along the interior. The coastal
cities of Salina Cruzand Coatzacoalcos form the termi-
nals of a trans-tstinmus highway and oil pipeline,

Chiapas Highlands

Extending upward from the mountains of Central
America, the Chiapas Highlands consist of a series of
faulted mountain ranges which encompassan elevated
rift valley. The Sierra Madre de Chiapas hugs the
Pacific coast. leading to the interior valley of the Rio
Grijalva, More mountains extend from the valley to
the Gulf Coastal Plain.

Current Events

The last decade of the 20th century has seen.
almost unabated turmoil in Mexico. Attempts to
spur the country's economy through means such as
NAFTA have not had the desited effect and politi
cal assassinations and guerrilla warfare have fos-
tered a climate of uncertainty and unrest. While
few people hold the purse strings of the count
poverty has become a way of life for most of the
people of Mexico. The border between the United
States and Mexico remains a hot spot for illegal
immigmation and illicit drug traffic.

A World of Rage


a aA

‘For the Changing Breeds, Mexico presents a kane!
of challenges against almost insurmountable odds.
Although only a few Garou remain within the borders
of Mexico, the Balam still prowl the Yucatan region
and other untamed places.

Mexican Standoff

Mexico City hava population of aver 20,000,000
people and represents one of most troublesome cities
in North America for the Garou, Despite the reform
forts of President Emesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon,
who has held power since 1994, violence and corrup-
tion still hold sway. Leeches and Weaver-mages are
heavily entrenchedin thecity'spolitical mancuverings
and, in the last few years, evidence of Malfean forces
fay abso susfaced. Sone suspect hac the earthauakes
that al too often devastate the city are to blame; local
shapechanger superstition has it that things from deep
beneath the earth are awoken with each quake, and
quickly find their way up to the nourishing seew of
humanity above. Most Garou avoid the city, tuming
their efforts to areas where they have some chance of
reclaiming che land for Gaia. Only a few Glass Walk
1s, Bone Gnawers and Children of Gaia linger within
the city's confines, acting as protectors of Kinfolk and,
where possible, liaisons and information sources for
Garow on the outside.

Secrets of the Yucatan

The Yucatan peninsula, though it attracts a fait
number of tourists and visitors, still contains much
unspoiled jungle. Here lie the ruins of the ancient
civilization of the Mayasand, rummorssay, the tombs of
powerful creatures best left asleep. The Balam patrol
the Yue: determined not to let Wyrm-tainted
individuals into — or our of — the region.

Paper Chase

The decision by the government of Mexico to
allow intemational paper companies to insert eucalyp-
tus plantations in the Chiapas Highlands and parts of
southeastern Mexico has sounded an alert to local
Chinging Breeds. One of the greediest of plants in
terms of its demands for soil and moisture, eucalyptus
plantations ean cause rapil depletion of the land and
drastic changes in the environment.

While the hand of the Wyrm has not yet revealed
itself overtly in this scheme, packs of Garou and even
afew Balam have begun to investigate the possibility
of Pentex interference in the environmental balance
of southern Mexico.

Che Changing Breeds
in Mexico

Though their numbers are few, most Garou tribes
can be found in Mexico. While the native Ukrena keep
mostly to the mountains where their Kinfolk still keep
the old traditions, Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers
‘brave the cities and bring the war for Gaia to the urban
jungle. Garou from other tibesoccasionally visit Mexico,
many of them on their way to the Amazon. In addition.
to the Garou, the Balam have a significant presenc
Mexico, where both the Aztec and Mayan civilizati
‘venerated the jaguar asa sacred animal. The Ratkin are

abo presencin significant numbers in densely populated
uurhan areas such as Mexico City.

The Garou

Manuel Soledad, El Mano de la Tierra
(Hand of the Earth)

Background: Born to a family of Kinfolk in
Mexico City, Mantieh experienced his First Change
during one of the outbreaks of violence that erupted
in the city. Brought to the attention of local Garou,
Manuel soon acclimatized himself to his new role us
one of Gaia's warriors although 2a Gls Walker
Theurge he-seeks mate subtle ways of fighting the
Wynn thon frontalasspulr. Hispack, LosCompatieros,
patrols the streets of Mexico City looking for a
chance to reduce the number 6f Leeches that infest
their home: Manuel has inanagéd tojinsinuate him
self into middle management in an internacional
banking firm and uses his goritacts to monitor evi
dence of Pentex unvestments in local companies and
to track the movements of @ampirus, Weaver-mages
and other supernaturils within the city.

Triage: In Heimid form, Manuel prestntsth flashy
image of a successful Lacin businessman, with shore
black hair, dark eyesanda trimamustache. He's distinc
tively all andwell buthyalthough notsomuscular that

his tailored European suits seem out of place. His
cculeivated demeanor drops away when tie takes ht

cdark-furred. neatly 10" tall Crinps form,

Roleplaying Notes: These are times when you
wonder why YoU remain in a Glgyithat reeks so much
‘of evil andl eorruption, Then you and your pack have
nightwhen jtalleomestogctherandyou comer one
of the ubiquitas Leeches und send him back to his
Wyrinfather. Gther times, you havethe satisfaction
cof knowing that you have managed to forestall the
movements of Pentex by moving a few funds around

Chapter One: The Americas 25

LIE EE TE TTT f


eon SASL

snd putting few ehoice wordsin your bosses! ears, At
ike those, you know that you are doing the
work you were meant to do,

Floricita, "Che Little Flower"

Background: Despite her noticeable limp,
Hloricita manages to carry on her burtle against the
Wyrm in Mexico's Chiapas region. An Uktena metis
bom under the Galliard's moon, Floric
most of her time with her packy Who
despite the shame of her birth, Currently, she haunts
the lands coveted hf thie pape) industry for develop
nent, seeking fOesigns of Wyrm-raine in the Umbra
nearby. Her itipassioned speechés among the local
n population have helped them organize pro

vinst incrusionsof bygbusiness into Land that
cannot. tolerat® outside environmental stress,-Fer
equilly ferocious actions with her pack discourage
those who do not respond to more peaceful means.
Image: Floricita is # pretty young woman in
Jark skin and long black hair. Her
the Mayantancestry found in both her
parents. She gceationally wears traditional
particularly whenghe is acting as an orga-
nizer among the people/af the region. In her birth
form, she stands just over 8 feet tall

Roleplaying Notes: Yourweak leg makes you less
flcctive as a fighter, but your ability to inspire your
packmates makes up for your lack of combat skills,
prefer working i ari onganizer to arouse the em
of the humans whe live neat your caern and to galva-
nize them into action against those who would destroy
their environment and bring the Wyrm —oreven the
Weaver — to yet another part of your country.

The Balam
Night-Eyes, Watcher of the Ancent Ones

Background: Archaeological teams exploring the

ains that dot the Yucatan countryside claim to
sic eriesof some ghostly aninal haunting their
witesin the wee hoursofthe night. Orcasinally ane
membersofadig goes tbssing, While the unglesof
Yucatan hold their dangers and anyone spending
time there accepescertain risks, the disappearances com
mon tocertain places have led to the cessation of work in
these ateas, When anarchacological survey team picksup
ccump und moves to a safer location, the young feline
Balam known as Night Eyes knows thar she has done het
bit toprevent dangerous discoveries from comingsalight.
The stories told by the Balam ofthe Yucatan recount how
inthe fist times, ancient creatutes from the realmsof the
Unimaker came to the land and made their lairs deep

Ma

26 A World of Rage

within the earth, Laver, the Mayans buile great temples
above these lars. Now it falls to the Balam to prevent
ccurioushumans from uncarthingmore than artifacesfiom
the ruins of these cities. Night-Eyes prides herselfon her
lity to drive away the wenk-hearted with her unearthly
songs. Those who are too foolish to leave, however, meet
more than her music — and disappear forever into the
depths of the jungle.

Image: Inher human form, Night-Eyes appears as
young woman of Mayan stock, with long brown hair
and a trim, muscular body, She seems simple-minded
xo the diggers and scientists she encounters in her
capacity as menial Inborer for various archaeological
teams, forshe shares more in common with the jaguars
who birthed her than with any human society. In her
CCrinos torm, Night-Eyes has luminous eyes that mes-
merize her victims before she dispatches them.

Roleplaying NotessThere:are some secrets that
should neverbe known delease not by humans. Iris
task tomake certain thatthe baits ofthe Unmaker's
children remain undiscovered sind the ancient words
that bing them remain unbroken. You have a hard
time mixingwwith hutans and chey oft seen te treat
‘you like diere kitten, but you do it anyway sothat you
can leam which ones need to be driven away or
destroyed. The moretime you spend in thecampany of
humans, however, the more fascinatingiyonfind cicen
You divide yourtitie between their company and your
dlen-real, where you try hard to purge yourself of che

surinige customs the humans have rughe-you.

Central America
and the Caribbean
But our own America, ahich has\had poets
since the ancient times of Nezahualcéyoul:
which preserved the footprints of great Bacchus,
and leamed the Panic alphabet once,
and consulted the stars; which also knew Atlantis.
cna has lived since the exis mcmmenesof ts fe;
Se Nd an 8S) tn fraps) and fs
our America lives. And dreams. And loves.
— Rubén Dario (Nicaragua), "To Roosevelt"

Central America

‘The isthmus that connects North and South
America contains the countries of Belize, Costa Rica,
Guaremala, Et Salvador, Honduras, Nicaragua and
Panama. From Guatemala and Belize, on the southern
border of Mexico, Central America stretches or 1,200
miles to the border between Panama and Colombia,


a AA

Formed in the ¢ past by volcanic action, Central Amenca
remains geologically active. Its explosive history mirrors its landscape,
as well, presenting partic iblematic situations for the local
Changing Breeds — the C

History

long with Mexico and South America, Central America's
2 owo periods: the pre-Columbian ge of the
gzeat indigenous empires and the years after the invasion of the
hand other Europeans. Fro the highlands
e 1 its Classic period, from
flourished in pats
nala, Belize and Honduras. Reminiscent af
, the Mayan cities maintained a state of
and competition with one another ns well as with
other native populations, such as the Quiché
, the Mayans practiced human sacrifice
to the same degree, Bloodlete ticularly by noble
provided sust

cities, these "gods" may actually have been powerful vampires who
J the people as willing source of food. Other Mayan
ied on powerful jaguar spirits, ot local Balam, for &
protection. The rivalries between vampire controlled
and Balam protected city-states was arly vi

1502, brought him to

America, In 1513, Vasco Nu

isthmus of Panama and "discovered"
he Pacific Ocean. Soon afterward, Cortes beg:
vest of Mexico, penetrating as far as the land now
wn as El Salvador, The twin effores— fram Mexico
ind from Panama — eventually placed the entire
‘aunder the harsh rule of

ally tulersofCentral

-ween. Spaniards intermarried with native
peoples, prod tio (or mixed-blood)

ation that makes up 50 m
modem population. Coloni:
in Africans te labor,
cheap laborers on th
the banana plantations. They, too, inter-
inarried with the indigenous people, adding
yet another variant to the population mix.

By the early 19th century, the colonists

of Central America were chafing under theit
bonds to Spain. When revolution broke out
‘on the Spanish mainiand in 1820, followed
hhortly thereafter by Mexico's bid for in-
dependence, the colonies of Central
America took the road to freedom from


|

el ft

Spain. In 1823, a congress of the Central American
caloniesestablished the Provineias Unudas del Centeo
de America. This Federation struggled to maintain
its integrity, but suffered from Internal friction and
shattered im 1842. li ogical, economic and politi-
cal differences have caused a constant state of unrest
since the beginning of Central American autonomy.
Political assassination has acecwnted &
overs in government leadership in the region of the
wana republics" than elections or retirement,
After a particularly bloody peril of civil unrest
guerilla warfare, insurgency and counterinsurgeney
luring the latter half of the 20th century, the nations
of Central America once more seek peaceful
tions to their problems, Overwhelm
economic sites have ted 10
unton of the countries that comprise the link between
the Pure Lands of the North and South.

The Land

Thoiigh predominantly tropical in cli
is Latitude and general husndity
3 abot

wate due to
he mountainous
third of che isth.
mus possesses a temperate climate marked by coo!
weather and mixed vegetation. The Caribbean side of
the isthmus experiences rainfall throughout the year
while the Pacific coa the interior receive min
only during their summer season.

Highlands

The Pacitic coast of Central Americ
rugged range of volcanic mouneains thi
thesouthern regionof Guatemnalnall the way toPanama
Much of the rest of Central America contains high
plateaus that resulted fron ancient movements of the
earth's crust inresponse to seismic and voleanicactivity.
Atongthe Caribbean coast, aseries ofridges andl valleys

the mayor features of the land. Though less popu
the mountainous regions, the easter lands of
Central America contain wealth of minerals

Lowlands

Low lying lands make up a large part of northern
Guatemala. In addition, lowlands occur along the
coastlines of the Pacific and the Caribbean as well as
Lake Managua ind Like Nicaragua,

The Countries of
Central America

Most of Central America has suffered the throes of
revolution and political upheaval for much af the 20ch

consists of a
stretch from

28 A World of Rage

ian io

century, The Garou place a portion of the blame for
thison elements of the Weaver and the Wyrm, citing
the influence of Leechesand Pentex dollarsasthe twin
culprits, Though only afew members of the Changing
Breeds dwell in Central America, they serve an impor-
tant role in preserving the native culture and the
remaining wild places of the region.

Gelize

Physically isolated by the Maya Mountains from,
the rest of Central America, Belize, located west of
Gus on the Yucatan peninsula, suffers less
from political untest than most of its neighbors.
Belize's population of around 250,000 people
mix of nationalities and ethnic backgro
cluding Creole, mestizo, Garifuna, Mayan and Ger-
Mennonite, English is the official language of
which remains a member of the Common-
Ith of Nations despite being a self-governing
countey, Prime Minister Said Musa has ted the
country's government since 1998,

‘The European influence in Belize has fed 0 the
presence afew Catonfrom Fupean tibes. These Cars
remain mostly near Belize City, cn the Caribbean cous

Offthe coast of Belize is the 175-mile-long barrier
reef known as the Cayes. Only Australia's Great Bare
rict Reef is longer than thisstcing of tay flan, ausny
of then relatively uninhabited, Ocher islands provide
popular destinations for tourists, At least one Rokea
makes his home near the Cayes. Western Belize can:
calnsa lange expanse of tropical jungle as welll as some
‘of the mast impressive Mayan ruins and a large system
of limestone caves. Balam and Anansi make their
homes near their Kinfolk in this region. Odaly, the
presence of Mennonite communiry serves as a Kin-
folk population for afew Getof Fenris who make Belize
their home, Pharmaceutical corporations have re
cently tumed their attention to the gathering and
medicinal plantsin western Belize,
vein the Amazon. The government of Bel
ges the interest of the medical industry, seeing
economic prosperity in their future. Souther Relice
contains old-growth rainforest as well as villages of

| Mayans. In addition, this portion of the
1s home to many Garifuna, or Black Caribs,
ed from African slaves and native Carbs.
Northern Belize contains the Community Baboon
Sanctuary, for the endangered black howler monkeys,
the Crooked Tree Wildlife Sanctuary, which shelters
any species of migratory and resident birds, and the
4o Bravo Conservation and Munagement Area, a
privately managed rainforest preserve


oom ed SSI

Costa Kica
Located between Nicaragua and Panama, with

coasts on both the Pacific and the Caribbean, Costa,
Rica ("rich coast") has fallen prey to commercial
interests sind the tourist trade. The country, how
ever, also contains some of the most distinct scenery
in Central America and the oddest collection of
wildlife in the region.

Inhabited by various Carib tribes for thousands of
years before the advent of the Spanish, the land and its
indigenous populations fell to the Spanish greed for
gold —amisplaced desire, since the precious metal did.
fot exist in any quantity in the area, Given over to
agriculture instead, most of the great forests disap-
peared under the axe and fires to make way for pasture
and fields, The native people vanished as well, claimed
by disease and war. The descendants: of these pre-
Columbian nations now comprise only 1% of the
Costa Rican population.

Costa Rica gained its independence from Spain in.
1821. In 1917, a brief dictatorship soon gave way to
democratic and constitutional forces, A civil war in
1948 led to the aholition of the nation's army. After
wards, the nation evolved as a democratic republic
without a standing army, though a force of guardsmen
(guardia) provides armed protection for the country.
Both banana and coffee plantations mike up much of
the Costa Rican economy, but tourism also ranks as one
ofthe country's leading economic boosters. The relative
peacefulness of the political environment makes this an
attractive place for visitors to Central America.

Costa Rica has a population of over 3 million
People, over 95% of whom are mestiza with the rest
claiming African, Amerindian or Asian descent. Pre
dent Miguel Angel Rodriguez has heli office
1998, representing the Social Christian Unity Parry

‘The capital of San José lies in the Meseta Central,
arich and fertile valley known for its wildlife and
mountain scenery. Though the city itself suffers from
typical urban problems, the surrounding lands provides

sharp contrast to overcrowding and pollution. Parque
Heckinal Volidn, Tots contatas « geologically ective

voleano that erupts intermittently — w phenomenon,
thar has continued since 1989. The Parque Nacional
BraulioCarillocontainsaver113,000actes of rainforest
and serves asa home for many species of rare wildlife.
‘Thecountey'sprimary archacological site, Monumento
Nacional Guayabo, lies within the rainforests along the
slopes of Voledn Turrialba and coneains artifacts from
many of the ancient indigenous tribes, including
petroglyphs, aqueducts and evidence ofa sophisticated
road system. The dry Costa Rican lowlands in the

\Westem part of the country contain the country's pri-
mary cattle-gracing lands, remnants of the region's
original dry forests and a number of active voleanoes.
The Caribbean coastal region of Costa Rica contains
jungles, mangrove swamps and a variety of wildlife. A
few Balam inhabit the Parque Nacional Terese,

eepingaan eye an theit jaguar Kin, Orher were}
have den-ealmncar te Reserva Biers La Ambra,
a site that contains not only a small jaguar population
bucalsomany pre-Columbian archaeological sites. Only
2 few Garou find Costa Rica worth their while asa pla
for honing their skills against the Wyrm,

l Saloador

Oneofthe most violent countriesofCentral America,
El Salvador lics between Honduras and Guatemala. The
Pacific Ocean forms its southern border. The land dubbed
"The Savior" by the Spanish is both the smallest of the
Central American staresand the only one which doesnot
have a Caribbean coastline. Known as the Land of
Volcanoes, the violence of the land echoes the rurmultu-
ous history of ts people. Originally sete by distant kin
of the Mi
‘Spanish rule in the Loch century. After attaining mde-
pendence in 1821, the new cguntry develved inte « 20
year-long civil war. Even though Spain no longer gov
emed El Salvador, Spanish and other outside interests
‘swarmed the small country to make theirfortune through
the cultivation of the coffee bean. Saciety in El Salvador
uickly stratified into two distinct clases: the wealthy
white owners of the haciendas (or coffee plantations) and
the campesinos, or indigenous laborers. Not only the
people but also the land suffered from this focus on

intensive agriculture. As the coffee industry grew. the
wholesale deforestation of the land to make room for

‘more plantations increased —aswellasthe povertyofthe
jority of the residents of El Salvador.

The Depression of the 1930s paved the way for
unrest and violent actions among the campesinos
Many working class people sw a solution to their
poverty in the philosophy of communism. Ar the
height of the Cold War, in the 1960s, the American
government sought to lend aud to the economically
deprived countriesof Central America—but their aid
came with anticommunist strings attached. Conflicts
between Bl Salvador's military regime and popular
leaders ed to the rise ofthe infamous death squads and
the systematic murder of thousands of dissidents in the
‘name of aw and order —and capitalism. The Catholic
Church became caught up in the conflict, with some
activist priests and nuns siding with the revolutionar-
ies — and falling to the guns of the military.

Chapter One; The Americas 2

ELLE ST DTT TE IT


ern caren renie erencnen enure uamtaret ners restenrrensn ere

ae A

Inv 1992, series of peace accords attempted to
bring about a resolution to the cxinflice. President
Armando Calderon of the National Republican Alli-
ance has held office since 1994,

Thefew Garou whomaketheithome in ElSalvador
spend most oftheir time procecting their Kinfolk, a full-
time occupation for chem in this troubled and Weaver-
touched land. The mountains of western Fl Salvadoe
remain the domain of the Balam, who jealously guard
thewildbeautyofthe volcanic land. Rumorsthat Wyrm
ccreavureshave madlea home for themselvesnear Volcan
Analeo, a relatively young volcano bo the late 18th
century, have caused great disturbance among the
\Werejagurs in recent years. There are also old ghosts in
the Iands; rurmors of vicious Banes or restless dead
lingering in the wake of dic deaul squads wails persise
among the country's shapeshifters.

Guatemala

Bordered on the north and west by Mexico's

Yucatan region, with Belize on the northeast and
Honduras and El Salvador on the southeast, Guare-
mala contains over 100 different ethnic groups using

20 languages. Since achieving independence from
amish rule in the early 19th century, Guatemala has
suffered almost continual political untest stemming
from the rise and fall of numerous dictators, many of
whom received their support fram the United States
(0 long-as they eschewed any ties with the Soviet
Bloc). Native populations, including Mayans, Garifuna
and Quiché, endured —and still endure — oppression
from the Ladino ruling class. The horrors of the death
‘quadsand the phenomenon of os Desaparacidas ("the
disappeared") have not yer faded from a land striving
for political stability despite the odds against it. Politi-
cal parties in Guatemala include the National Centrist
Union, the Christian Democratic Party, the National
‘Advancement Party, the National Liberation Move-
ment, the Social Democratic Party, the Revolutionary
Party, the Guatemalan Republican Front, the Demo-
cratic Union, the New Guatemalan Democratic Front
and the Guatemalan National Revolutionary Union,
Since 19%, Alvan' Enrique Aru Irigoyen, of the
Notional Advancement Party, hasserved as president.
The wester highlands north of Guatemala City
contain the preserved ruins of Mixco Viejo, whete pris
tune temples and ball courts pay mbute to the glory of
Mayan civilization. A popular tounst attraction, Mixco
Viejoboustsa pairaf watchful Baim gunedianswhomake
sure that visitors da noe stray into places hese left alone
This aren also contains one of the largest indigenous
populations of the country, many of whom are Kinfolk of
both the few native Uktenias well asthe more numerous
Balam. The city of Chicscastenango hasthe distinction of

30

a

being one of the few places in Giuatemala where the
anclent religious practices of the Maya take place along:
side the traditional practices of Catholicisea, apparently
with Church approval. The mountainous region of Ix
gained notoriety asthe ste cf some of the worst depreda-
tions during the years of violent conflict between the
Guatemalan Army and indigenous revolutionaries,
The lowlands of the Pucific coast hold most of
Guatemala' ogricultural lands. Here, great fincas, oF
plantations, produce thenation'scrop of coffee, sugar and
bananas, Most of the Changing Breeds avoid this region.
The Peten region of nocher Guatcuula contains the
largest forest reserve in Central America as well as the
sgeat Mayan city of Tikal, now one of the most popular
stops for tourists on the Mayan pillrimage route, The
lands of central and eastern Guatemala have a history of
bloody warfare dating from the vicious battles between
the Rabinal Maya und their Quiche foes ta the massacres
petperated by the Guatemalan amy on the indigenous
population during the 1970s. Garou and Balam in this
region offen find themselves coming into frequent con-
dhict,asifthe landitself arborsspiitsof war and violence
This region is also the land of the quotza, the sacred
<reature of the Mayan Empire and modern Guatemala's
national bind, Despite efiorts to preserve the quetzal such
as the Biotopo de! Quetzal, deforestation has disrupted
much of the native habitat ofthis are and beautiful bic

Honduras

Resting on the shores of the Caribbean, between
Guatemala te the west and Nicaragua to the Eat,
Honduras bears the dubious status of the original
"banana republic." Primarily an agrarian country, a
tiny percentage of the population actually owns the
land, while the majority of che people either work as
farm and industrial laborers or in the service industry
(Over half the population is below the poverty level.
In pre-Columbian times, the Maya settled in the
\western portion ofthe region. As their empire declined
inthe 16th century, the Leneacivilization arose. Coluin-
bax' landing near Trujillo — on the norther coast of
Honduras — marked his "discovery" of mainland
‘America. Although the Lencasputupastrongresistance
to Spanish conquest, the Spaniards overcame the native
people through deceit and nssassination, murdering the
Lenca chief Lempira during a "peace conference."
nish cule in Honduras followed the pattem
prevalent throughout the Hispanic-claimed lands of
the New World — gross exploitation and decimation
ofthe native pepulation. Other nations of uropesuun
made their presence known in Honduras, The British
formed colonies along the eastem coast of Honduras
and supported privateers who based their operations
from the nearby Bay Islands just off the coast.

A World of Rage

TY CY


~~

~

=e

em SSL

Honduras gained tts independence from Spain in
1821, though the British remained until 1859, United
States' interest in Honduras grew to significant pro-
portions with the end of Spanish rule. US dollars
supported economic expansion and subsidized the
plantations and mining interests while the American
government backed up friendly politicians. When
Nicaragua erupted in the late 1970s, the US used
neighboring Honduras as a staging area for troops,
while Nicaraguan conmas received their training on
Honduran soil. Honduras became one of the many
Central American locations for political and social
terror and human rights violations.

Since 1998, President Carlos Roberto Flores
Facusse of the Liberal Party has held power in Hondu-
sas, Despite effores to improve conditions in the coun-
uy, an entrenched military and judicial system still
present obstacles to reform. The recent devastation
caused by Hurricane Mitch, which ravaged Honduras
in 1998, has only added to the nation's problems.

Not far rom the capital city of Tegucigalpa, Parque
Nacional La Tigra preserves one of the country's
remaining cloud forests. Home to'a number of indig-
‘enous animals, including pumas, La Tigraalsoserves as
the physical connection for a Pumonca den-realm. In
western Honduras, home of the Maya and the Lenca,
Balam watch the ruins of the great Mayan city of
Copan. The eastern highlands have garnered areputa-
tion for internecine violence — mountain fasnilies
cary on feuds that have lasted for generations. The
British influence on the Mosquito coast originally
brought a few Fianna Kinfolk co Honduras leading to
a small number of Fianna of Honduran birth.

Nicaragua

Sandwiched between Honduras and Costa Rica,
with Jong coastlines on both the Pacific and the
Caribbean, Nicaraguahhas seen a long period of bloody
revolution and councerterrorist activity. Originally
settled by nomadic and farming tribes nearly 10,000
years ago, Nicaragua fell vo the Spanish in 1502, who
established the two major settlements of Grinada and
Leon. The presence of gold drew the Spaniards, and
soon the indigenous people found themselves forced to
labor in the gold mines for their conquerors. Rival
cities of Granada and Leon continued their fierce
‘ideological and economic competition even afterNii
‘agua gained its freedom from Spain in 1821. Conser
vative Granadans preferred a more traditional frm of
government, while the mote liberal element in Lean
attempted to introduce reforms patterned after the
French and American revolutionary model.

‘War broke our between Conse
als, lasting until the US intervention of marines in
1912. fn 1927, Augusto César Sandino raised an army
(o protest US power in Nicaragua, using gueti
tics to harry US Marines for more than six years, His
asusination at the hands of Nicaraguan National
‘Guard leader Anastasio Somaza paved the way for
cof the most repressive and ruthless rnilitary govern
ments in Central America — the Somoza regime.
Though Somoz wasassassinated in 1956, hissons Luis
and Anastasio succeeded him.

Founded by student leader Carole Fences Amascer,
the Sandinista National Liberation Front waged a seti-
‘ous guerrilla war against the Somoza govemment. The
United States had an interest in maintaining Somozi's
rule, particularly since the Sundinistas demonstrated
markedly leftist leaning. As the conflict grew mote
more blocdly, media atencion displayed the violence to
the work — highlighted by the televised murder of
ABC news journalist Bll Stewart by the Nicaraguan
National Guard in 1979.

This led to the eventual victory of the
Sundinistas — and the outright hostility of the
United States, who teared unist foorhold in
Central America similar to Cuba's presence in the
Caribbean. Counterinsurgents (contras) trained in
Honduras to combat the Sandinistas, supported by
the Reagan adininistration,

The elections of 1990 placed a conservative
regime in power, undoing many of the accomplish-
ments af the San as, wher
to the orderly transfer of power. President Amoldo
Aleman Lacayo, elected in 1997, represents the Lib-
eral Alliance, a coalition of several parties with
ambitions to restore Nicaragua's damaged economy
and institute needed refor

The Garou in Nicaragua tend to stay clear of the
cities, where Weaver and Wyrm have seemingly joined
forces with human elements f destruction and despolia
tion to create sinkholes of poverty and despair: South:
western Nicaragua, on the Pacific coast, contains the
greatest population densicy in the country. This region
also contains two areas of note —~ Masaya National Park,
home of Volcin Masaya, and Coyorepe Fortres, site oft
notoriousprison for Sandinista and the scene of numer:
‘ous atrocities perpetrated by the National Guard during
the Somora years. Both these sitesevidencestrong Wyrm-
taint. The voleano's history includes many instances of
‘human sacrifice by the ancient tribes and casual murder
by Spaniards who lowered laborers into the crater (and
theirdeaths) in artemptstoretrieve the wleano'sliquid
gold." Coyotepe Fortress resonates with the stench of
desthand cruelty. Rumorsofa Hive of Black Spiralshave

Ives anil Liber:

ples acceded

Chapter One: The Americas 31

TT,


drawn Garow to the area on search-and-destroy
missions, but as yer no such place has been found

western part of
the country near the ocean, has the distinction
of being the 10th largest freshwater lake as well
as housing the only freshwater sharks in the

7 ures were staugh

years. few remain along
vuardians, the Rokea. Nica
te coast, ignoted by the Spanish and ser
by English colonists and privateers, con

Euiupean descent. The jangles wf t

gion alsc

Panama

Fanos primarily fot the canal th
the Atlantic und Pacific Oceans, the Republic
Panama has a population of nearly 280 million
people. Originally inhabited by the Kuna people
Panama received some of the first visitations by
the Spanish nfter Columbus' arrival in Cen.
1 America in 1502. Balbo:
Pucific as he exossed che isthm
ation. of the land's importance as a cross
reads, not only between North and South America

batalso between thetwo majoroceansaf the world.

ry, Panam
i Frances

saw incursions by British pirates such as
Drake and Henry Morgan as Britain and
rested the region and its surrounding waters. In 1821
along with monto nora America, Panama threw off
Spanish rule but fell under Colombian control. A gold
rush in the 1850s saw the creation of a railroad across
the isthmus. In 1881, the Frenchman Ferdinand de
Lesseps, who constructed the Suez Canal, formulates!
andbegan planstobuilda similar canal actoss Panama,
Hisdreamdied with the failure of his company. The
United States attempted to buy the rights
canal, but the Colombian government obj
In response, the US encouraged the formation of
Panamanian Rep

ic and instituted the new t
bid for independence from Colombia —an e
took place in 1903 but was nat recognized by Colom
bia unt Funded by US money, the «
finally became a reality in 1914, when the Ancé
became the first ship to pass through its system of
locks: US' involvem
Panama
maint

nt in the government of
has continued throughout its histcry

control of the canal through a treaty
with Panama giving

perpetuity." In 1978, US President Jimmy Catt
agreed to a treaty tetuming contral of the canal t
na in. 1999,

4
A


sy

Ihe latestditect intervention in Panamanian potitics
came aboutin 1989, when the US wed force tooverthrow
the corrupt government of General Manuel Antonio
Moreno, withdrawing their former support for
regime. President Emeseo Perez Balladares of
the Democratic Revolutionary Party came to office in
1994 and instituted a strong economic reform program to
take advantage of the privatization of the canal

The strong American interests in Panatna have
nt a few Garou to the region out of curiosity,
though not many remain there for long.
Woalkersand Bone
reestablished anetworkof contacts to
keep Garou in Central and South America informed
about movementsof Pentex andotheractions by hostile
supermatturals — including Leeches snd Weaver-aayes.
In the less populous region of Kuna Yala (San Blas), the
indigenous Kuna people serve as Kinfolk to a small
population of Balam, as do the Embera and Waunan
people of the Darign jungle region.

Islands of the Caribbean

Originally settled by the Arawak people, the
islands of the Caribbean have seen centuries of war
and bloodshed, The Caribs, in the 14th century,
invaded the once peaceful islandsand destroyed the
ion_of the Arawaks. In turn, the Spanish
artived and conquered the fierce Caribs. Other
islands of the Caribbean saw conquest by English,
Dutch and French explorers.

aceracts afew Gl

Although these pictiresque islands eventually
gained their independence or quasi-independence from
Enropean control, the dominion of the dollar soon
replaced outright political rule, Forcign interests in
commodities such as coffee, bananas and sugar cane
vied with courism asa means of economic control,
Few of the Changing Breeds reside in the
Caribbean, although Garou and Bastet often
Visithe islands in search ofrelaxation or out
of sheer curiosity. Some of the larger islands,
such as Haiti and Puerto Rico are home to
few Ratkin. drawn — as most ratfolk are
to the teeming urban environment
of San Juan, Port au Prince and
Santo Domingo. A few Russian-
horn Silver Fangs have

taken

SS

ce LS AN PC

advantage ot the fall ot thy
Cuba, secking to combat the vestiges of vampiric
involvement in that country's affnirs.

The most dominant Changing Beeed in the Carits
bean is the Rokea, who ply the waters off the coasts of
the islands and ace as protectors for the marine wildlife
threatened by over-fishing and tourism

Hot Spots

Like Mexico and South America, Central
fers from general environmental stres
of the Wyrm, the Weaver, human greed

paclow Curtain 10 visit

terest wage a one-sided war of
attrition on the once-Pure Lands. Deforest:

ion, pol
her
ecological nightn ion despite ef
forts wo curb these act ou, along with
other Changing Breeds, have their hiands full just
holding the line — bur they cann
just maintaining th

Los Desaparacidos

lution, overpopulation, offshore drilling and
res afflict then

be content with

ju andl Baki have
noticed that their Kinfolk:are vanishing, not on
countries such as Nicaragua and El Salvador, where
political turmoil has led to the disappearance:
likely deaths) of dissidents sand activists, but
troubled countries like Belise and Costa Rica. Some
Garou fear that agents of the Wyrm have undertaken
a concerted effort to destroy the breeding population
Of the Changing Breeds. Others blame the mas
tions of other supematurals who might covet either
the potent blood or litent power af the Kinfolk for
their own dark purposes, Several groups of Garou as

well as a few Balam have launched their own.

te years, buh G:

ng
up any concrete information. No
bodies h cading to
the hope thatthe vanished Kin-
folk are alive —and

alvageabl.

investigations into the probl
they have not succeeded tn t


|

‘The Good Fight

Th struggle to preserve the remaining
wild places continues in Central America. As foreign
nitionsseek offshore dnlling rights, buy land for paper
mills and mining concerns and invest heavily in tour-
ism, the jungles, rainforests, swamps and rivers of
Cencral America steadily diminish. The Garou, Balan
andother shapeshiters of the region — though too few
to mount « full-scale effort — consider the protection
of the environment one of theit top priorities in
Central Ametica. A few Garou — particularly Glass
Walkers, Bone Gnawers and Children of Gaia —
advocate the path of compromise. They seek co find
eco-friendly businesses that can lend their financial
clout to the preservation effort through environmen-
tally constructive practices such as harvesting renew.
able rainforest resources and creating wildlife pre
serves with limited access to tourists. The opposition
to this effort comes not only frota obvious allies of the
Wyrm, such as Pentex, but also from short-sighted
whosee immediate economic gains
orations as the only way out of an
economically depressed environment: Many Girou
choose to sabotage these intruders whenever possible

Hide and Seek

Central America contains many active volcanoes
and labyrinthine cave systems, Persistent rumors have
reached the ears of many changers concerning secret
Pentex laboratories and Black Spiral Hives tucked
away in the depths ofthe earth, Occasionally a pack of
Grou follows one of these rumors. While the Balam
cluim to know partof the truth behind these enigmatic
hints of Worm-lairs, chey are reluctant to share their
information with Gaia's "dogs."

The Changing Breeds in Central
America and the Caribbean

Garow and Balam are the most numerous of the

Changing Breeds in Central America and the is-
lands of the Caribbean, though even their numbers

are few, The jungles of the region serve as home to
a few Ananasi, while the ocean waters harbor a
handful of Rokea.

The Garou
Johann Meister, Landspeaker

Background: Bon intoasmall community of Getof
Fenris Kinfolk who dwell inconspicuously among the
Mennonitesof Belize, Johann underwent hisFirseChange
in the company of his uncle, an older member of the tribe.

onst

te Sf Fammverrarmsroraaca

Together with a few other local Garou of other tribes,
Johann and his mentor form a pack dedicated to the
‘watchful care-of the island. Primary among Johann's
ceoncem is the influx of foreign interest involving the
medicinal plantsofthecountry'srainforestt°ASiPhilodox,
Johann considers carefully che iplication of "harvest:
ing" the amforest, seing ifs an uforeunate bu neces
sary cotipromve in the light of the alternatives — defor
‘tation and outright exploitation' Brought up as a Mea
wore ‘4 distineeinve aia Walkers
c. void technol and machinsslyenever posible
"Thisexccpdsto bis combat tric, as well —aegeicting
humm to knives, machetesor his own cwatural weapaty.
Image: Standing well over six and a half feet in
Homid form, Jobani has collas-length dark blond hair
and blueéyes: Althougishe isttot extremely musculisr,
his body isathleticcind strong. He dresses in simple,
functional hough he affects traditional
Mennoniteattire when visiting his family. HisCrinos
form exceeds 10 fect in height. He is quick to smile,
though he moscoften appears thoughtful and somber
Roleplaying Notes: The values of your Kinfolle
differ from yours in many ways, bur both your Menno
nite ancestry and your Garou heritage eraphasize re-
spect for the natural environment and avoidance of
unnecessary complications to living. Despite the urge
you sometimes feel to leave Belize and confront Gaia's
‘enemies in a more spectacular fashion, you know that
even here, your work is important and you refuse to
abandon your duty for mere glory — although other
‘Get may consider your attitude a stanye one.

Padre Atilano (Father Attila),
"Gaia's Urban Missionary"

Background: Though often mistaken for a priest
because of his gentle ways and good deeds, the Bone
Gnawer Theurge Alana Mende: onsidershimelfatruc
imisionaryofGaiatotheloat and homelessof El Salvador.
Basing his operations in the squalid eity of San Salvador,
Padre Acilanospendshis time sinistering to the unforu-
natesthatmake upthe bullkefthe city's While
Pereira Jo Wout Adan
calknowledze tobringhealingandcomforetohischargrs,
healsochecksthot@ he "doctors"for Wyrt-taint. Whien-
ever he fi uch an individual, he makes cerain the.
despre ori the BENET OgE does TOEAvIve,
Such is life in Central Ameria,

Image: Ar5'7", Padre Atilan@'Goes not present an
imposing figure. Scrawny to the point of appearing
frall,henevertheless possesses a hardiness that enables
hhim to forego many comforts in pursuit of his mission
Hedresses in clothing that neither confirms nor denies
his calling asa priest." a ruse he finds useful in many

BY A World of Rage

a

TY

l


ee SA

curcumstances. In Crinos form, he grows to nearly &
fect tall butstill remainsrelatively unimpressive; hence,
he tries to avoid that shape whenever possible.
Roleplaying Notes: Other Garou can fight the
‘Wyrmin the Amazon or attack secret Pentex holdings
and pit their skills againse fomori and Black Spiral
Dancers. You prefer to do what you de best. Your
medical skills are passable, but Gaia has blessed you
with healing Gifts and yau enjoy doing your part ro
comfort Her human children in this godforsaken land.
OF course, when you can nd the world of one of the
Wyrm's spawn, you don't hesitate fora minute just
because the creature inhabits a poor or starving body

The Balam
arito Quickstride, Guardian of the Ruins
Background: The Mayan niins of Mixco Viejo,
north of Guatemala City, attract many tourists each
year to its many pyramid groupings and dramatic scen=
ery. Posingasione of the logal guides, Safite insinuates
himself inte tour groups ta make certtin thitt bo one
scnays off the beaten path. The ancient ruins contain.
secter passages beneath some of the pyramids that have
only recentlyyiekded some oftheir finds toSarito and his
companion, Ema Ffides-the-Moon. Thtwowerejaguaes
have uncovered strange markings chat seem far older
than. any of the human-made con: ns of Mixco
Vigio, glyphs a indeciphetnble — suggest
thepresence ofsamebound creatureorspist. Sarita also
‘makes ithis business tofollow any suspicious individuals
thatcome to che ruins particularlyifthey comealone
andatnight. Todateyhehus strongly Niscouraged" over
dozen such interlopers— including one who carried
astrong Wytm-taint Auempts to follow
have led Sarito to dead
i ng Mixco Viejo's under-
belly in hopes of finding a passage that leads ta his goal
— whatever it may be. What he plans to do if he finds
it, he has not yee decided. Bur both he and Ema are
determined that no one else will discover it frst.
ito appears asa mestizo male in his mid-
20s, with dark hawr and eyes and dusky sk. His body
shows evidence of strenuous exercise. He dresses in
modem clothes when doing "pyramid duty." In Crinos
tall and his long legs
are even more apparent than in his human form,
Roleplaying Notes: You have all the social graces
down and can mingle with almost any group of people,
although you feel a if you are playing a role when youu
do so. You are most at home wandering through dark
passageways and nosing abou strange places, even if
some of them make your fur stand on end,

=

Chapter One: The Americas

South America:
Jungles of the Heart

The fourth-largest continent, South A
counts for approximately one eighth of the
landmass and occupies an area of 6,878,000 squite
miles. Bordered hy the Atlantic Ocean om the ener, the
Pacific Ocean on the west and the Caribbean
the north, South America extends from the Isthmus of
Panamaall the way to the island of Tierra del Fuego ut
dastip near the Steait of Magellan,

The cantinent has four distinct climates: tropical
temperate, arid and cold. The Amazay and Orinoco

Basins, along with the Guiana Highlands and many of the
foothills of the Andes experterice the consistently biti

temperatures und heavy rain that characterize tropical
climates. Most places within thisequatorial region receive
ver 100 inches of rain every year and the temperature
ranges from 65°to 80°F. Souther Bri, Parmguay, Unu-
gary and nottheastem Argentina enjoy
climate with cool winters and hot summers. The rey
near the ocean experience more moderate effects die ti
the tempering currents. Chile's interior clinate resembles
that of the Mediterranean, while southern Chile has
cooler year-tound temperatures and year-round ral

The deserts of the the
Argentine interior, along with parts of northeastern
Brazil and coastal Veneauela have sdey climate due tothe
pattems of wind und the cold coastal waters. The Pent
relotively
humid climate despite the having little rainfall, The
southem portions of Argentina und Chile as well asthe
highest parts of the Anges experience generally cok
average tempenstures, High windscharactetisticully sweep
through the southemmast portions of the continent,
including the island of Tierra del Fuego.

History

In ancient times, according to the legenids of the

Garou, groupsiofbumans, animals, werewolvesand oth
shapeahifers mig 9 the lad Exh fone A

intothe vastewincontinentsofNonhand South America
‘The migrants spread out to settle their new hore. While
the Garou remained mostly in North Americ, a few
‘continued on with thei Kin into the lands of
Mexico and, even further ‘America
Inthe wild junglesand mountainsof South Americ:
the werewolves encountered other humans, whos
of origin told how they arose from the land itself or came
by sea in even more distant times. The Garou also
‘encountered the jaguar-people of the Amazon jungles,

rinent's west ccs

35

TY,


ee AA

the Balam, whose temperament and nature seemed
‘more suited to life in the southern Pure Lands. Eventu-
ally, the Garou largely eft South America, but some of
theie Kinfolk remained behind in the Amazon jungles,
the Andeshighlands and the southern plainsand deserts

In what would later be known as Peru, the Inca
civilization developed great cities and a highly sophis-
Heated culture. The Inca religion ackiwwhedged omusy
sods, including Inti, the sun god, Mamaquilla, the
soddess of the moon, Illappa, che god of thunder and
Pachamama, the earth mother. While Gaia's influ-
ence was strong among the Incas, the Weaver, too,
worked her destgns in the hearts of the Inca people
Grand settlementssuchasthe fortress of Sacsahuaman,
near Cuzco, anid the city of Machu Picchu ance stood
ay testimonials to che Weaver's skill,

In other parts of South America, particularly in
the jungles of the Amazon, cities did not proliferate
Instead, tribes of humans dwelled in harmony with
their natural surroundings, watched over by their
spirit-kin, the Balam and the Mokolé

Columbus' arrival in the Americas jn 1492

brought great upheaval to the people and Changing
Broeds of South America, The Treaty of Tordesils,
in 1494, divided the "newly discovered" continent of
South America between the kingdoms of Spain and
Portugal, even before che advent uf dhe age ofexplor-
ers, In 1500, Pedro Alvares Cabral, a Portuguese
explorer, landed on the coast of Brasil and claimed
theentire continent for Portugal. Notlong afterward,
in 1532, the Spaniard Francisco Pizarro reached the
coast of Peru with his conquistadors and began the
subjugation of the Incan empire in the name of Spain.
With the capture of Atahuallpa, the Incan king, the
fall of Incan civilizition was assured and in less than
three years, a rich and glorious civilization disap-
peared into the annals of history.
Jory with the armies of Spain and Portugal came
agents of both the Weaver and the Wyrm, European
sorcerers, eager to explore the strange new world and
describe its limits, sought to codify the placesof powerand
supposedly chronicled the true history ofthe region. As
som explorersdelveddeep intothe interior ofthe jungles
in search of ancient cities such as the legendary El
Dorado, other discoverers sought to eratieat all signs of
the supernatunil in the name of "a progressive word."

European werewolves came to the new southern
continent as well. Black Furies who were willing to
attune themselves to the ways of the Ariazon and
accept the customs of its people found a cause and a
hhoune in South America. Other Garou tribes, however,
made thesame mistakesastheircounterpares in the Pure

Lands of North America. Believing themselves better
ccaretakersof the land than the native Changing Breeds,
theyantagonized many of the Balam,driving them from
theirden-realmsandserting up caemns in places that had
once belonged to the werejaguars.

Eventually, the rest of Europe eyed the riches of
South America and began staking their own elaims to
the southern cuncinent of the New World. As boch
Spain and Portugal declined in power, the English,
Dutch and the French took advantage of the opportu
nity to gain their own territories. These newly emerg-
ing world powers developed setttements along the
northeastern coast of South America in the lands that
‘would become the Guianas as well as in Venezuela and
party of northern Brasil. Along with these new settlers
‘came more Garou from Europe — Silver Fangs, Get of
Fenris, Fianna, in particular, Bone Gnawersand Wand-
ersarrivedaswell, making theirhomes inthe large port
cities such as Rio de Janeiro and Buenos Aires. A few
Children of Gnia made their way to South Ameri
secking to act as liaisons with the native Changing
Breeds — with only minimal success.

‘The European puceern of subjugation of the na-
tives and exploitucion of the natural resources led to
the enslavement of the native human population of
South America, In addition, the Europeans imported
slaves from Africa to work their great plantations and
laborin thefields. A few Silent Striders made theirway
to South America at this time to lend their support to
their enslaved Kinfolk, In addition, a few Swara and
Bagheera managed to overcome their reluctance 10
travel and made the long journey from their native
Africa w South America to be with their human Kin.

By the 19th century, popular revolutions against the
oppressive European governments the imagina-
tun ofthe people of South America —and their Chang-
ing Breed kin. Led by Simon Bolivar and Jose de San
Margin, successful campaigns against Spanish rule re-
sulted in the eventual severing of tis between South
‘America and Spain. The end of European tule, however,
did not mean a rebirth of independence for the native
‘equiletinne nl Siweh America "The new guemenonc,
‘most of them patterned on the surface after the republi-
can model of the United States, continued to make
distinctions beeween the European and native or African
people. Wealthy landowners continued to exercise ex-
‘cessive amounts of contro! und mest governments in
South America eventually came under the control of
military despexs or political dictators (ematilos) who
soncemed dheunselves with their own wealth and power,
In the major cities of South America, vampires and
‘Weaver mages exercised ther sinister influence, making
sireumstances difficult for the few Garou who chose to
remain in the continent' lange population centers.

36 A World of Rage

/

rh ry,

AAA


ox

»

~

eZ

Yet another force worked behind the scenes in
South America to destroy the heauty and richness of
theance-Pure Lands. As the economic importance of
South America — ond particularly the fertile Ama-
zon Basin — grew in the eyes of the world commu-
nity, many international corporations sought to es-
tablish their claims co the resources of the southem,
continent. One of these companies, the Pentex
multiconglomerare, made its move tn the Amazon,
targeting the tainforest's wealth and natural power
with its tentacles of destruction.

Boginningin 1986, Pentex established afoodholdin
the Amazon Basin and initiated its program of buming
and clear-cuttingof therainforest. Eventually, theGarou
discovered the existence of Pentex's secret base of
‘operations — and the war for the Amazon began,

Land Features

More han 150 million years ago, the South
Americun continent broke off from the land mass of
Gondwanaland, migrating westward co its current
position in the southern half of the Western Hemi-
sphere. Tectonic uctivity anil volcanic: eruptions
during this time of migration resulted in the forma-
tion of the Andes Mountains along the western
spine of the continent. Other land formations de-
veloped later as the continent settled into its new
position in the world.

Guiana Highlands

The Guiana Highlands lie to the north of the
Amazon River. These ancient mountains, akin to
those found in the Brazilian Highlands, lie beneath
sation. The highest peak in this
region, Mount Roraima, reaches a height of 9,094
feet. The Guiana Highlands stretch from the coast
of Brazil all the way o Venecuela and Colombia

Andes

The Andes Mountains, the longest mountain chain

in the world, make up the western coast of South
Amenca. Extending all the way from Venezuela, on

thecontinent'snorthem coast toChile, $,000milesto
the south, the cowering peaks of the Andes form a
portion of the Ring of Fire, voleanic mountains that
ginl the Pacific Basin. Still geologically active, the
Anvles hod their birch during earth's Tertiary period,
‘more than 65 million years ago

Consisting of a series of mountain ranges, or
condilleras, interspersed with knots of mountains, ot
rnudos, and high plains, or axiplanas, the Andes form
aspine-like ridge thatacts asa wall against the Pacific
Ocean. The northernmast Andean Mountain group,

the Nudo de Pasto, consists of three ranges thar
extend from the border between Ectuadorand Colom:

bia in a northwest direction into the western tip of
Venezuela. Bogota, the capital of Colombia, sts atop
one of the broad plateaus that lie within this portion
of the Andes. Many of the mountains in this region
exceed 15,000 fer although the lower mountains
seldom exceed 12,000 feerinheight The Eeundorian
Andes consist of a pait of parillel volcanic ridyes
along with their mountain basins. Mt. Chimborazc

the highest mouncain in Ecuador, towers more thin
20,000 feet. The basins of the Ecundorian highlands
range from below 6,000 to more than 9,000 feet and
contain volcanic soil that once served to sust
majority of Ecuador's population.

The Peruvian Andes consist of several separate
ranges that demarcate high plateaus. While the moun-
tains of northern Peru stem from non-voleanic ori.
gins, volcanic activity is responsible for the high
peaks in southwestern Peru, In general, the Peruvian
Andesextend overs wider range than their northern,
arts and attract workd-class mountain-climby-
ers to their snow-capped peaks. Ar 22, 204 ter
Mount Huascaran is the highest mountain in the
Peruvian Andes,

The altiplano (or high plain) occupies an area that
ineJudes southern Peru, the northern regions of Chile
and Argentina, and the western portion of Bolivia
From north to south, the altiplano descends from
around 15,000 feet to 12,500 feet. The langeat lake in
South America, Lake Titicaca, has its home in the
elevations of the altiplano, muking it the world's
largest navigable inland lake. South of the altiplano,
the Andes Mountains pass through Chile and Argen
Una. Thougle yenecally not as high a in the norchy
these mountains contain the highest peak in all of the
Andes — Mt. Aconcagua, which rises to a height of
22,831 feet as ic straddles the border between Chile
and Argentina, Volcanic uetivity marks many of the
mountains in the Chilean Andes.

The geological activity of the Andes makes habi

tation problematic. While the voleanic material pre
vides ferrile soil for farming as well as a wealth of

mineral resources, the frequency of earthquakes and
eruptions, along with the rugged and often impassible
terrain, act as a deterrent to |

Amazon Basin

From its source in the Peruvian Andes to its
‘eventual outflow into the Atlantic Ocean close co the
equator, the Amazon River and its tributaries form the
second longest river in the word, Nearly 4,000 miles
long, the Amazon feeds life nro rwo-fifthsafthe South

populations

Chapter One: The Americas 7

LLL TE ITY


American continentand supportsone of Gaia's ichest
and most divetse ecosystems. Parts of Brasil, Colum
bia, Venezuela, Eeusdor and Peru depend on the
waters of the "Mar Dulee" — the sweet sea.

‘The Amazon River basin contains a wealth of
animal and plant life: hundreds of thousands of species
of plants and trees, over 500 types of moths, 2000
species of fishy as well as numerous species of birds,
reptiles, insects and mammals,

Brazilian Highlands

Ranging from the mouth of the Amazon River all
the way to che interior of Uruguay, the Brazilian High-
lands also encompass the castem portions of Paraguay
‘and Bolivia, The Highlands drop dramatically to the
‘ocean along the Atlantic coast, while inland regions
consist of hills and plateaus. Pico da Bandeira, the
highest mountain in the area, reaches 9,482 feet. The
rock formations that make up the Highlands contain
some ofthe oldest geological samples
dating from the Precambrian era. Vol
ket some parts of the Highlands while other areas of the
rugion benefit from rich soil near the Parune River.
Erosion and overuse have marred the northern regions,
near the Amazon River, leavinga land where only scrub
growth survives. Mineral deposits in the Highlands
provide wuch of Basil with « source of wealth,

Gran Chaco Plain

South of the Amazon Basin, in Paraguay, lies the
alluvial Gran Chaco Plains. Formed from an ancient
seahed, these humid plains contain sluggish rivers and
soils with high clay content. Hardwood forests alter:
nate with cacti and palm trees along the Chaco.
Rainfall during che summer creates impenetrable
marshes, while during the winter, much of the land
suffers from a lack of rain, becoming dry and cracked.
Near the Pamguay River, the land provides a suitable
environment for niising cattle.

Pampas

Bxtendicg southward fiom the Chics
treeless expanse known as the Pampas covers much of
‘Argentina. From east to west the Pampas rises toward
the Andes, becoming drier as its elevation increases.
‘The rich pastures of the Pampas serves as grazing land
for the cattle that form much of Argentina's economy.

Patagonia

‘Southern Argentina contains a region of extensive
plateaus and river valleys known as Patagonia. A few
gentle mountains, including volcanic cones, break up the
generally flat landscape, Lava sheets extend over a good

portion of the arid, trecles region. Only a few cities exist
in Patagonia and the sheep industry provides the primary
economic basis for the region. Near the Andes, the
northem region contains great forests dotted with clear
lakes, while the island of Tierra del Fuego, or "Land of
Fire," emergesfrom the sourhemmosttip of the continent.

Orinoco Basin

‘The Orinoco River flows through Venezuela be-
tween the Andesand the Guiana Highlands. Its basin
extends for more than 220,000 square miles and
forms the Orinoco Basin, also known as the Llanos.
This low lying region consists of winding rivers thar
overflow their banks during the rainy season and
grass-covered plains. Palms and other trees line the
riverbanks of the Llanos.

Parana Basin

The Parana Basin lies hetween the Andes and the
Brazilian Highlands in southern Brazil, parts of Uru-
juay and Paraguay and eastern Argentina, The Parana
Paraguay and Uruguay Rivers all provide water to thi
rich basin. These rivers drain into the Rio de la Plata,
gulf between the cousts of Uruguay and Argentina,
Massive waterfalls anid cascades characterize the rivers
of the Parana Basin. Hydroelectric dams harness the
rivers co provide power for the region.

The Politics of South America

Although the Garou and most of the Changing
Breeds concern themselves less with cities and hu-
man politics than with the natural environment,
political and economic institutions bleed over into
cuviroumental problews that demand « espouse
from Gaia's warriors.

Venezuela
The Republic of Venezuela, located on South

America's northem tip, covers an area of 912, 050
square kilometers and holds a population of 22 million,

people, The capital city of Caracas, situated on the
coast, boasts a population of 3.5 million. Since No-

vemnber 1999, Hugo Chavez Frias has ruled as presi
dent. A prosperous country, Venezuela gains much of
its wealth from oil. Currently in the process of drafting
a new constitution, the government of Venezuela is
also concemed with its position in the world marker

Guyana
The Cooperative Republic of Guyana, located be-
tween Venezuela and Suriname on the northeastem

coast of South America, occupies a territory of 83,000
square miles and contains a population of just over

38 A World of Rage

———— ai, «; ,


ome ASG

(@0RW people, Most ofthe population is ether of East ind

African or mixed
held off
foreign

amajor plywood mill bodes ill
of Guyana and word is
jceds that anew front in the war agai

Wyrm may soon erupt into activity

Suriname

ae,
placed the inig NY yy

iginally settled by the Dutch, who:

until 1975. Sandwiched be

Dutch control V' @

dFrenchGuiona (Y \ 4

Guyana
sm.coast of South America,
an area of approximately 161,000 squ:
current presikient, Jules Wijdenbosch

onthe nor iname occupies
miles. The
es eke tits
pla
nade up of Hindustani or people of
<d European and African descent: Dutch

Ae
2 2

=

ce of foreign timber conces:

Jeforestation acurrentenv
Suriname has entered
of ecological pacts to preserve
wered species and prevent marine

dumping and toxic spills

~
D

French Guiana

Located east of Suriname and north of
rench Guiana hi

area of just over
lation of

Guiana has the pe
nt. Antoine K:
al Council since 199;

ical stars of an Overseas De-
the Presidentofthe
8 the

representa
French Senate. Borde
tween French C

in the
Hisputes be
ana and

Suriname have led to mobili
zation along the border.

Colombia
The Republic of

Colombia lies on the

»

S
er rr a rena remaeearensr
2 Qe es es
ae


ee A

contains nearly five and a half nillion people. Andres
Pastranithas been president since 1998.and has battled
severe economic problems, including recession and
unemployment. A legitimate exporter of coffee, petto-
eum and gold, Colombia also has the dubious teputa-
tion as a major exporter of illegal drugs, including
cocaine, cannabisand opium poppies. Although thisis
aserious formof corruption, many shapeshiftersfeel 10
compulsion to interfere with this trade;assome oftheir
animal-born members might puc it, "if the humans
want to kill themselves, let them."

Ecuador

Recentactions hy the president of Ecuador, Jamil
Mahuad, to block drilling for oil within two national
park preserves have dealt a blow to the ellos of
Endron to harm thut land's endangered species. In
axldition, the homelandsof the Tagaeriand Taromenace
peoples ie within the protected region, In 1997, uncler
pressure from environmental organizations os well as
from local Changing Breeds and their Kinfoll, British

based mining industriesannounced their intentions to
withdraw from their operations in the Intg region,
hhome to the fragile cloud forests of Junin as well as to
soveral endangered species including the jaguar, spec

tacled bear and howler monkey. This pullout occurred
too late to prevent the contamination of the Junin
River, however, by exploratory copper mining efforts,

Brazil

‘The Federative Republic of Brazil occupies about
‘ofthe area of South Americaundis the largest
country on the continent. President Femando
Henrique Cardoso has ruled Brazil since 1995, Brazil has
a population of over 170 million, about four-fifths of
whom live in urban areas. Portuguese is the oficial
language of Bracil, bur English, Spanish and French are
also spoken. Although Brazil is famous fr its rainforest,
it'samistake to assume that most of the county isjungle
— the vast surface area of Brazil includes pastureland,
hhighlandsand plenty of other terrain types besides forest.

The indigenout people of the Aumusen include a
rnuinber of tribes that have survived the centuries uf
‘occupation and exploitation since the arival ofthe Euto-
peans and the discovery of the vast resources of the
rainforest, The Aniwets, who still have only limited
contact with the outside wold, retain many of theic
traditional customs, although the trappings of the moder
world hold a great interestfor them when they are exposed
so such things as CDs and digital cameras. The Assurini
live along the Xingu River in the heart of the Amazon.
Visitors to the Assurini if they win the trust of these
people, are warned ro stay clove 00 the villages at night

0
a

because of the jaguars that roum nearby. Thase who anger
the Assurini or otherwise offend them do not receive this
aiming — and many of the offenders dissppear if they
stray tofarfrom the safery of the villages. The Kayapé live
‘near the farthest reaches of che Indian Reserve within the
Amnazon. Early contact with European settlers, loggersand
miners has resulted in the loss of many of their tradicional
sustun, although a few members of che cribe still renin
the old ways. Satellite dishes and other symbols of the
technological world are not unknown among the Kaya.
Bolivia

Southwest of Brazil, the Republic of Bolivia occu-
pies an area of | 098,580 square kilometers and has a
population of nearly 8million people. Nearly one third
of Bolivia's population are Quechuan speakers and
Quechua, along with Spanish and Aymira are the
three official languages of the country. The city of La
erves is the seat of government for Bolivia, while
1¢ city of Sucre is the legal capital and the home of the
‘country's judiciary branch, Hugo Banzer Suarez has
servedas president of Bolivia since 1997, The President's
campaigh to impeove Bolivia' falling economy con
sists of an anticorruption campaign and a plan to
encou ‘more investment in the country. Boli

has recently completed a nacural gas pipeline to Bri
with which it hopes to cnergise ite econunic. tevuvety.

Peru

Located on South America's west coast, bordered
bby Beuador to the north and Chile to the South, Pera
‘oceupiesian area of 1,285,220square kilometers, Peru's
population stands at about 26 and iy half million
people. Alberto Kenyo Fujimori has ruled as Peru's
president since 1990. The presence of mining interests
in Peruconcem afew Garou who have rraveled ro that
area after leaving the Amazon Basin. Other concems
include deforestation and overgrazing, the erosion of
soil from desertification and the pollution of rivers
from the mining industries.

Paraguay

The Republic of Paraguay lies just northeast of
Argentina in the central region of South America,
Occupying an area of 406,750 square kilometers, Para-
guay has a population of over five million with an
overwhelming majority of mixed Spanish and
Amerindian people. President Luis Gonzales Macchi
has held office since 1999 following the resignation of
Raul Cubas Grau earlier mn the year. Deforestacion hias
affected Paraguay to a great degree as well as water
pollution and inadequate waste disposal.

A World of Rage

nie 2


oN

~~

a fhe
Uruguay

Located along the coast of southern South
America between Argentina and Brazil, the Oriental
Republic of Uruguay has a population of 3,308,523
people, most of whom are descended from Spanish
and Portuguese colonists. Julio Maria Sanguinetti has
held the post of president sinee 1995. Uruguay's
economy is linked closely to that of its neighbors,
Argentina and Brazil. The country's major environ-
mental concern deals with the prevention of pollu-
Hon from Beazil's nearhy power plane

Argentina
‘The Republic of Argentina, located in the southern

poition uf the Souch Aunctican continent, burs a populie
‘ton of $6 million people. Buenos Aires, Argentina's
‘apical, lieson the eastern coast along the Rio de la Plata
and houses a population of over 12 million people: The
current president, Carlos Saul Menem, presides over
country that occupies more than a million square miles
and boasts one of the most prosperous economies ofall of
‘South America. Peronistin hispolitial belief, Menem
has opened Argentina to foreign investors and cut the
nation's inflation rate dramatically. Food processing and
agribusiness, in che form of sheep and cattle along the
fertile pampasy are the country's major industries. AL-
though Spanish remains the official language, English
and other European languages are ako spoken. In adi-
tion, descendants af indigenous natives speak their tribal
language such as Quechua, Guarani or Mapuche.

Over 20 national parks preserve much of the indig-
enouswildlifeof Argentina, including puma, guanaco (or
native llama), the ostrich-like thea and the Magellan,
penguin. The idlandof Tiermdel Fuego, which Argentina
shareswith Chile, containsnoe only wildlife preservesbut
als oil drilling operations — a concern targeted by the
few Garou who have diverted themselves
zon War to investigate other problems in South America,

Chile

The Republic of Chile occupies a narrow strip of
lind along the western coast of South America and
encompasses and area of 756, 950 square kilometers

Chile's capital is Santiago. President Eduardo Frei Ruic-
Taglehas held office since 1994. Chile hasa prosperous,
free-market economy with exports in copper, fish and
lumber, The resulting deforestation has lead to a oss in
biostiversity and has threatened the natural resources of
the country. The Andean wolf, a species native to the
Chilean Andes, has become the special project for a
group of Red Talons who have setcled in the region in
‘onler 69 actas protectors for their wolf Kin,

The Amazon War

By far the most significant ongoing crisis for the
Garou and the other Changing Breeds in South
America consists of the battle to prevent the defolis
tion and destruction of the great Amazon rainforest
Since the times of the first explorations into the
Brasilian jungle, many factions including agents of
both the Wyrm and the Weaver have sought to
control, tame or annihilate the wild regions of the
Amazon Basin, The arrival of Pentex in 1986, how.
ever, mitiated a concerted effort to break the power
of the Wyld once and for all

Since 1986, Garou from many parts of the world
— but particularly from North America — have
flocked to the Amazon to aid in the great fight.
Unier the leadership of Golgol Fangs-Fitst, a re
markable Get of Fenris Ahsoun gifted with both
tactical expertise and the ability to unite others
under his command, the Garou have battled the
forces of Pentex and its Black Spiral Dancer allies

Unfortunately, old grudges between the Garou and
the native Balam and Mokolé have consistently

ed the forces of Gaia and! made a true joining
of forces difficult, if nor impossible.

In 1990, due to guerrilla-scyle activity from the
couuoversial Swiftwlaw Pack, Penten's "research
organizations" came under fire from government
and environmental agencies that exposed their
fraudulent practices and threatened them with
legal as well as military action. The forces of the
‘Wyrm found themselves on the wrong side of the
Amazon War's offensive, Rage Across the Ama-
zon chronicles this tale as well as the early years of
the War for the Amazon.

Today, though the war continues unabated, new
tactics have changed the face of the war effort. These
changes fill some Garou with hope while arousing the
suspicion of others who see yet another subtle manet:
verby the Wyrm or else fear that the Weaver, too,
joined in the fray co further her own agenda.

Pharmaceutical companics have awakened to
the demand for "natural" remedies and have discov-
cred that many of these wonder drugs exist in the
rainforests of the Amazon. To this end, several envi-
ronmentally friendly companies have attempted to
establish operations in the Amuzon withthe intent of
encouraging the harvesting of renewable herbs and
the discovery of heretofore-unknown medicinal
plants. Some Garou view this development asa
positive sign that the outside world hs finaly real-
led the itmportance of preserving the Amazon's en-
dangered plant species; others see thisasjust another

Chapter One: The Americas a

2 =


|

ee AA

ploy by the Weaver's chosen to extend their control
over the Wyld. Opponents of the pharmaceutical
operations alo suspect the hand of Magadon though
they have not yet been able to discover any real
evidence of their involvement.

The Plight of the U'wa

Since 1996, the U'wa people of northeastern Co-
Jombia have buttled to save their land from the depre-
dirions of the oil industry. Plans to drill for oil on lands
tong abited by this 5,000 member eribe chrearen
not only the U'wa's way of life but theit very existence.
Tied inextricably to their land, the U'wa have vowed
todoanything —evenallow themselves to be annihi
Jared — tater than give up their homes.

In September 1999, the government of Golambia
granted permission to a major oil company to initiate
exploratory drilling of the U'wa lands. In November,
ral hundred members of the tribe gathered at the
intended drill site and established x settlementon the
spot, hoping by their presence to prevent the drilling
and to call attention to these plight

cts of violence on U'wa leadets and activists
have not had the intended effect of intimidating these
proud and determined people. The crisis of the U'wa
has brows jogether both Gi and Dalaan in an
unprecedented putting aside of differences, for the
tnbe contains Kinfolk of both Changing Breeds

Clearcutting the Rainforests

Actions by several rain forest action commit
tees supported by the Garou and other Changing
ted in same progress in the pre-
vention of clear-cutting by companies that supply
wood for construction, A few major lumber dis-
tributors have agreed to forego using ancient for-
sty as sources for lumber intended for construc
tion. In addition, the government of the Brazilian

stare of Amazonas has recently begun discouraging

investors in logging companies in a belated effort
co save the rainforest from destruction:

The Changing Breeds
in South America

‘With a few exceptions,
non

Breeds have

vith America contains

ou. Due to the pressing conditions in the
my he er, nearly all the

presence in the southern continent of the Pure Lands.

The Garou

Golgol Fangs-First,
ardaet the Amazon

Background: This sixth-Rink Get of Fenris
Abygun habled the Garow in the War for the Amazon
sitice the eurly 9905) His miliraryexpertise and char-
somatic leadership have elevated him to thesiacus of
near-god for most of the Garou litides. is commend
Born on aibiarrleficld during World War ll, Golyol
horied his fighting skills in Vietnam and put them to.
vuse tn the' Amazon He is a fiatural leader who com:
mands respect from his undetlings but who also knows
how co give prillieand erieouraeement where it is most
needed: Although he recognizes that the Amazon War
thas taken amore subtle turn, he isdetermined not to.
allow the Garou co let down their guard.

Image: Though he ts nearly 60 years old, Galgol
Fangs-First has not appeared to age since his arrival in
the Amazon, He stands over 7 feet tall in homid form
and his Crinos appearance is even more formidable.
Although his hair shows signs of gray, his bouly displays:
the marks of a warrior in his prime — muscular and fit
with quick, decisive movements. Golgo!'sface hashard-
ened into a soldier's mask and he hears the sears of his
many battles against the agents of the Wyrm. He wears
aspecially made batele harness and bas decorated him-
self with glyphs that celebrate his many victories.

Roleplaying Notes: You display an inocdinatecalm
in the midst of battle, which gives courage to those who
fightalongsideyou. Unlikeman yf your tribe, youcome
fseross as an even-teinpefed, ational warrior who uses
his head fully as much as hisprowess ro win not only the
bale but also the wats Youreaperiences have taught
you much abou dhe ature of Wiifare ond you con
stancly look for waysto pur your knowledge to use. You
Kw thar cM REID oc you ry co
present thea with a wort moxel

Electra, Shieldmaiden, Chronider of the Thr

‘Deckyroral: Dons Wa clore-katt Greek Orchoxtox
tual tar tney SSaOtclf ere yn
con atmosphere of increasing soctal consciousness. She
underwent her Fine Change during a bloody and violent
demonstration for women's rights in the 1970s, Although
she has only recently afived in the Aumzson, she has
taken icupon herself put together acohesive history of
the Garou's bate against the armies of Pentex in the
rainforest, She grudeinglyacceptstheleadershipof Golgsl
Fangs-Fist but maintains hee own autonomous pack of

2 A World of Rage

————


les that acts as a long-range scouting patrol from a wounded retumee. Once there, however, he

region. Sheisan Ach Galliard realized that life in the junyle was just not for him and
ition of pack leader through her he asked for reassigninent somewhere his talents and

h her ability to interact with the street savvy could hetter serve Gaia. Manuel ended up

has risen to the p
akill tex war and throu
Jocal population — whoever they

ot, where he serves to keep an eye on the
progress of the drug trade, sabotaging it wherever he

lectra ig an imposing woman in her 50's
s cropped close ta herskull can and monitoring the

lombian underworld for

x lean and hardened from fighting and
exercise. In Crinos form she presents an impressive and
ferocious appearance. She weats battle fatigues when

a clkehing drugshave goreemisiny

s — throu

2 Xo) eats Niall . 35
(<. man in his lare 20s, ‘

you carry with you the \ Manuel has an infec )

ven touched base with a few of the Leeches whe

control the city. More than a few s
y and otherwise dres
rekkingthrough the ju

Garou to join in the
Amax

burden of living up to your tike's form \ tious charm and
dable reputation. You accept the leader a arced man
hip of Golgol Fangs-First because you have that belies his

Keep close

nochoice, butyu
foraniy signs that he

his duties as 4 wae-leader. Your pri
ver, Is pre
leof the battle
save the rainforest from,

dhe Wyrm so that

serving the

ered in moots
throughourthe world

Manuel
Swift-Paws,
Gaia's

Enforcer

Brooklyn, Manuel
erew up in a low-in-
come neighbarhood
and learned his fighting

ills in the schoolys
the

completely by sur
prise, buthe soon adapted to
hivnew life as one of

thee

eled to th
zon after he:


|

oe AA

to the eradication of the drug trade, He dresses in
wom street clothes and maintains the image of a
Colombian petty criminal. Hisshoulder-length black
hair is neat but not deliberately styled and his body
is graceful if a bit undernourished in appearance. In.
Crinos form, Manuel stands around 9 feet tall but
still looks a little underweight

Roleplaying Notes: You have learned toblend
in with the other street scum who make up theléw-
level forces of thedruy trade: You keep an eye on the
nit of drugs through
Whenever your can, Junple warfare didn't suic
you, ur leaming how topburt dhe Wyrm in ics
pockethook is right up yout alley. Sometimes you

yourself for the person you appear to be. buta
Garou's gotta do what a Garcu's gotta do — and

you're sa good at doing it!

Aala Mother's Heart,
Protector of the Homeland

Background: The youngest daughter of a family
of U'waKinfolk, A'alaunderwenther First Change as
part of a vision quest. Brouight into the society of
other native Ukeens, A'ala learned the art of peace-
making and mediating, skills that appealed strangly
to her as a Philodox. When a large oil concer
announced its intention to establish adrill site on the
homeland of her Kinfolk and to relocate the U'wa to
muke room for theit equipm ‘ala decided thar
she could not Ignore the call to defend her human
Kin. Upon her arrival back at hee village, she was
stopped and challenged by a young Balam who, like
had decided to take actionagainst the oil com-
¥. Whar begaritinfight ewilwell unto a wary state
al cooperation Now barb A‘ala and I'mo
work together to harass the delling operation and to
prevent more acts of violenée upon the U'wa

Image: Smallibined anfiagite, with dark ba
shinai efes, A'als has 9. gaminclike face that dis-
plays a quick, shy smile toward her friends and a look
of fierce determinatign taward her enemies. She
wears cribal attire whenever possible and does not
call attention to hegself inléss she is forced to. In
Crinos form, A‘ala stands «round 8 feet tall and all
hint of the waif is gone ftom her appearance

Roleplaying Notes: The Earth Mother's children
are in trouble and you must defend them ar all costs
You have learned the art of talking as well asthe actof
fighting, however, and this ability has made it possible
foryoutowin overone of the misteustful jaguar people.
Now you and I'mo are allies; tomorrow, if you succeed
in your battle against the Wyrm's servants — and
survive, you hath go your separate ways again. But

somehow you think you mary have begun something —
a kind of trust thar might help heal old wounds be
tween the Garou and the cat-folk.

The Balam

‘The werejaguars ate mative to the Amazon and to
other parts of South America, The Amazon War
strikes close to home for most of the Balam, since their
Kinfolk belong to the many Indigenious Peoples of the
‘Amazon region. Solitary by nature, the Balm keep
largely to their den-tealias in dhe Armazonian Umibrs
unless forced ro emerge to destroy some Wyrm-crea-
ture of some errant Garou. The Amazon War, how:
ever, has led some Balam to consider distant coopern-
tion with the Garou whorase, after all, fighting to
protect lands sacred tgithe werejaguars, Many Bal
however, consider mégely allowing a werewolf to live
"cooperative" effort.

J'mo Silent Heart, Stalker of the Land

Background: Rajsed as a child with his U'wa
family, I'tmo Silent Heart left his Kinfalk-shorely after

his Fist Change, Securing a comfortableden-tealm in
the jungle surrounding his U'wa village, Vimo kept

dlistant watch on his human family when he was not
busy stalking the jungle and ferveting outseerets in the
Uniti, Then. the oi! companies eame with their
ind their plans to dig holes in the ground
where P'mio's people had lived for centuries, Tm
someane: must come t0 the aid of his
‘in — and that he would have ty be that
someone, Only afew nights afterhe begin making his
regular rounds of the U'wa territory, he encountered a
female who stank of "dog."Challenging her to a fight,
hesoon discoveres! thatshe wasnot only stronger than
he but she also seemed reluctant to prolong a battle
with someone she insisted wasnot her enemy, Bventu-
ally, ' mo overcame hisdisike of A'ala Mother's Heart
and the two of them decided to join forces to cause
‘owice as much trouble for the oil conglomerate
Image: I'mo is a lithe U'wa male in his Homid
form, with dusky skin and dark hair and eyes. As a
jaguar, he isa gold and black image of grace and speed.
Tmo dresses in native U'wa attire when interact
with his Kinfolk. He prefers to nttack his enemies in
either his
Roleplaying Notes: You hold yourself ulert for
betrayal ar all times, since you can never be sure if
your closeat ally in the struggle w
may turn on you due to her dog-
you are fascinated by this opportunity to study one
of the notorious Garou and so you take the opportu
ity to ask the questions you have always wanted to

" A World of Rage

—————


A

Dw

oe AA

ask —such as "how does it feel to be inferior to the
Balam?" Despite everything, you find your attitudes
changingand you might even wish to continue your
association with Alla after yo gotten rid of
the threat to your people:

Other Bastet

Although the Balam are che only Bastet who are
native to South American, a very few Swara
(werecheetah) and Bagheera (werepanthers) have
made theithomesin partsofthe Guianasand Suriname.
Kinfolk brought over by the
colonialsasslaves, the few outsider Bastet have leamed
wo love their adopted home and have joined in the
serugele againce the Wyrm whenever it reaches too
close two home. For the most part, however, Swara and
Bagheera keepa very low profile since they respect the
priorclaim of the Balam tothe lands ofSouth America
and they wish to stay as far away from the Garou
infestation as possible.

Ananasi

The Amazon raltifGtest ishome to many. varieties
of spiders, ancl also provides aperfect envitoriment for
the Ananasi the spiderfolk. Secretive by nature, the
werespiders aie the other Changing Breeds
due tatheir affinity for drinking blood: Consequently,
the Ananasi in South America either migrate to the
large ‘cities, Whete they can lowe themselves in the
crowd and revel ip the decadene aiglitlfe of Rio de
Janeiro, Bogoti, Caracas or Buenos Airesor else sectet
themselves in the jungles of the Amazon.

Mtokolé

The werecrocodiles exist in small numbers along
the mighty riversof the Amazon, Orinoco and Parana
Basins. Solitary by nature, the Mokolé reserve theit

strongestaffections for their Kinfolk, caring litte, if at
allforanyone else. Touched closely by the contamina.
tionof many of the rainforest'sriversby pollution fr
mining and refuse from deforestation and bu
Mokolé have their own methods for ave
wrongs done to their lands and Kinfolk. While they
recognize the Gatou's efforts to fight the Wyrm in the
‘Amazon, the Mokolé prefer to work ou their own —
Aiscouraging all trespassers, whether they are creatures
of the Wyrm or well ng Garou.

Alejo Eyes of the River

Background: Hisemergence asoneof the Makolé
caused Alejo to leave his village on the shores of the
Rio Negro and take to the lawlands near the river
mouth. Although he spends much of his timc in
roxodile form lazing along the shallows of the river,
Alejo occasionally rouses himself to action against
those who would despoil (und have alrendy despoiled)
his homeland. Disguising himself as a native guide
Alejotkespartiesof tourists, developers and potential
investors in the industrial destruction of the rainforest
con an unforgettable ride down the river —a ride from
which few of them return

Image: In Homid form, Alejo is at
man of mixed Indian origin. His short curly hair and
heavy lidded eyes mack afierce tempur and a deter
mined narure. For his expeditions as a boatman,
Alejo wears simple European dress and affects a
deferential attitudeyn his Crinosform, Alejo is the
stulf of thighunaces:

Roleplaying: Notes: You keep to yourself most
ef = ime, hut occasionally you feelithe need co
mike a:strike against anyone who threatens yout
home. ree ates, Geincide with the
arzival of serangers and fools — wh@lso0n become
drowned strangers and fools. You say Littleto these
people except, perhaps, "goodbye!"

ky

Chapter One: The Americas 6

LL TES EE



~~

»

The ¥
her. Sha

her glanced nervousty around Litany

the best of times cular, with
a Sere of the Night Sky was lke
The cragxy outlines of the Carpathians lumbered clearing too, but she was
hove the age, Hang bojine. Elahethshought of the rock, she barely noticed them
tales of the eampines in these mountams she hal heard as a ‘Welcome, Elizabeth Genereader," said the figur
shivered slightly his deep voice sending a shuulder down her
of forms from Homid to Lupus Margrave Yuri Ke the Shadow Lan
es and fought all across the central advisor of mine tells me that you have mu

andthe at

vothi

iced bry the figure om the

{inclination to visit the Scabs ov
us how Gaia's warvins fare
sat back and mo
beth gulped, feeling her mouth go dry. She
away from the fire bayer to Cockroach that she was domg the
weth's guide led her to a clearing off to the side of for if she was mistaken she could be doar
mafia chit As her és apie w the many of her rribemates to death and the tribes eo cal war
from the relight, she contd make outa lean figure, cloaked 708s the continent.

in dark fur, sitting om a rock. A Feeling the weight of many eyes upon her, she
sword lay across his lap. began to speak,

=

of

the older Garou said simply and strode

L


|

A LA
Introduction

The sheer diversity of people and culture con-
tained within the relatively small and area of Europe
is mind-boggling. Over two dozen nations make up
thiscontinent, which covers a mete 8% of the world's
surface. An impressive 730 million souls live ina land
arva of only 4 million square miles — that's over 140.
people for every square mile. The need to house all
these people has eaten up the countryside toa degree
that American Garou would find horrifying.

‘The Garou of Europe have responded to the space
constraints by hecoming fiercely territorial. Some coum-
mieshave long been contested ground—Great Briain
havscen the Fenrir, Fianna and Silver Fangs struggling

dominance for centuries, while the Black Furies
only recently consolidated thetr hold on Italy as thete
rivals, the Glass Walkers, lost interest. Conversely,
others have long been regarded as the protectorate of
individual tribes.

As the wild places of Europe rapidly disappear
under the ever-expanding cities the territorial bound:
aries have actually become more defined. As the
Apocalypse approaches, even Europe's proud, stub-
born Garou are beginning to see the need for coopera-
tion in the face of overwhelming threats.

Ins recent years aut upsurge in activity from the
fotces of the Wyrm, particularly in Scotland and the
Balkans, has focused the mindsof the tribesadmirably.
They have litle other option.

Europeans
The diver

and territoriality of Europe's Garou
is a mere shadow of that found in the continent's
human population. Each ofthe countries of Europe has
at least one language ofits own; some countries have
several languages.

For instance, within the United Kingdom the
primary language is English, but there are significant
‘numbers of Scots Gaelic speakers in Seotkand and Trish

Gaelic (a different, bur related tongue) speakers in
Northern Ireland and the Gaeltacht of the Lisl Re-

public. in Wales, Welsh is taught in schools and most

signposts are written in. both Welsh and English.

Towns are known by both their English and Welsh
Swansea and Abertawe, for example.

ountries like Switzerhind, have no primary

t regions of Switzerland people

iwiss German, Italian or Reetoromanic

The most widely spoken languages actoss the

continent ate English, French and German; most

people speak at least one other language, although

48 A World of Rage

—————— aT 5

plenty of Europeans still speak nothing but their own
‘country's native tongue.

These days, upsurges it nationalist beliefs are
unsetelingly common, reminding many of the rise of
the nationalists in Italy, Spain and Germany that
helped to trigger World War Il, Stereotypes and an-
cient enmity between nations persist, despite the Eu-

ropean Union's move towards European intege

Geography

Europe can be divided into four main exces. There's
the northern upland and mountainous area, running
across northern Britain and Scandinavia. Then there's
the great central plain thatstretchestight acrosFrance,
Geumauy and across Bastem Europe into Russia

A second mountainous zone spreads ftom the
Pyrenees Mountains of Portugal and Spain, along
the Alps, which run through southeast France,
along the cop of Italy into Eastern Europe. The
Carpathians complete this region, forming an are
through Eastern Europe. Finally, there's coastal
area along the Mediterranean,

Climate

‘The climate across Europe varies wildly. The far
north, particularly Scandinavia und Ieeland, experi
ences Arctic conditions. The southern edge of Europe,
along the Mediterranean Sea, is blessed with wari
days and cool nights

Mauch of che rest of the central plain has a temper-
ate climare. The summers are warm and fairly dry,
while the winters are cold, In the mountains and the
northern stretches of central Europe summer is short
and winter long, dark and bitterly cold.

‘This southern part of Europe is still tectonically
active, with occasional earthquakes and volcanic etup
tions, particularly at the eastern end. Sicily's Mount
Etna erupts regularly, most recently in early 2000
Iceland, an island to the far north of Europe, is also
volcanically active

Givers

Several great rivers make their way through main
land Europe. The Danube rises in Germany, runs
through Austria, before cuming southeast through
Slovakia, Hungary and Yugoslavia and Bulgaria, It
then runs northeast through Romaniaandthe Ukraine
before entering the Black Sea

The Loire tises in the Alps in southem France,
travelling north then ease through the country, before
draining into the Bay of Biscay. The Loire Valley is


aay

ww

BNS

wee

particularly famous for the umerous be:
(chateaux) along its length.

The Seine runs from northeastern France into the
English Channel, while the Rhine rises in the Alps,
flows through France and Germany and then into the
Netherlands and the North Sea.

The Oder runs from the Czech Republic north to
the Baltic Sea; for at lease part of tts length, tc forms a
natural boundary between Germany and Poland,

Kin Animals

Europeans have had something of a love/hate
relationship with wolves. The peoples of northem.
Europe equated the animal with evil, while the people
of southern Europe associated it with fertility, This
disparity can been seen when you compare the Norse
legends of the fearsome Fentis wolf with those from
Italy of the she-wolf who nurtured and raised the
legendary founders of Rome, Romulus and Remus

‘The result of these differing attitudes ean be seen
‘even today in existing wolf populations. In the north
of Europe, they were ruthlessly hunted to extinction.
They were gone frou England by the 13:h century
‘Tradition holds that the last wolf in Scotland died in
1548, by which point chey had been virtually elimi
nated from the rest of Northern Europe as well.

However, populations still survive in Italy, Spain,
Porragal, Sardinia and the Balkans, as well cheough
much of Eastern Europe. Some packs have recently
begun migrating to Germany from Poland. They te-

in under threat, though, and not just ftom man,
(One of the biggest dangers ca the remaining wolf packs
is that of hybridization through interbreeding with
their distant relatives, dogs. Once the wolf line be-
caimes a dog Line, the wolves stop being Kinfolk

Big cats are all bur extinet in Europe. A few lynx
survive in Scandinavia, the Balkans, Greece, the
Pyrenees and areas of Eastern Europe; more ate being
introduced into German and Austrian forests. The
ppardel ot lberian Iynx is on the verge of extinction,
with only a handful surviving in Spain and Portugal
European wildvans Gar be found tu dhe highdands of
Scotland, central Germany and much of southern
Europe; these are really the only evidence other
shapeshifters have of the once-strong Ceilic

Brown bearscan be found throughout Scandinavia,
as well as in isolated parts of norther: Spain and
Pornugil, central Italy and southeastern Europe.

Ravensare commonplace and can be found across
mostof the continent, They are particularly numerous
in northwestern Europe; Britain, Germany,
Scandinavia and Iceland,

wriful castles

History
When you look at the history of Europe, there is
‘one theme that runs clearly through it: war. From the

skirmishes between the early Indo-European trib
the days of prehistory to the NATO military inter-
vention in Kosovo that saw out the 20th century,
there has never really been a time when the
nent has truly been at peace

Here rose the Greck city-states and the Roman
Empire, which was eventually laid low by the Ger:
manic tribes. The Ceits were barn somewhere sn the
shadow of the Alps and spread across most of Europe.
The Norse went a'viking and spread their culture
across the Atlantic.

The feudal system arose in centeal Europe in the
Dark Ages and came to dominate the continent,
until the Renaissance started in southern Europe in
the 17th century and slowly brought sweeping re
forms wo Europe.

The 18th and 19th Centuries were times of con
quest. Many of the European nations
empire: for themssely. the world, by
tion and invasion. Notably, the United Kingdom
carved out the British Empire, which
its peak that, famously, "the sun never set on the
empire" — diere was always some pare of the world
claimed by Britain in daylight. The 19th century also
saw the Industrial revolution and the sudden, rapid
growth of Europe's cities

Then came the 20th century, the first hall of
which was dominated by war. The assassit
Sarajevo of the Austrian archduke Franz Feedinand
anil his wife was the spark that cased Europe to bur
in the flames of war, Pent up rivalries between Euro
pean nacions, which had buile up over the centuries
were unleashed in a tide of destruction — the C
‘War — that swamped Europe for five years,

Sadly, the conflict that many called "the wat to
cend all wars" didn't live up to its name. The rise of the

fascist political groups in Italy and Germany triggered
the Second Wedd War scant

more Europe became one large hattlefiel
were bombed into rubble, destroying legacy of cent
ries, The heavy shelling destroyed whole areas of
wilderness, and the march of thousands of voldiers,
tanksand other military vehicles reduced vast areas of
the countryside to mud. Entire populations, but par-
ticularly Jews and Rroma, were systematically slaugh:
tered in Germany's "Final Solution" — better known.
as the Holocaust

red out
lonies

40 large at

ndes later. Once

L Many cities

Chapter Two: Eurasia 9

TS Te


ee

Germany and keeping much of
ted from its Western neighbors,
‘The fascist government in Spain lingered well after
World War ll ended, As Eastern Europe experimented
with communism, Western Europe gave itself over to
the free market. The nations of Europe concentrated
on rebuilding their economics in the decades that
followed. Trade treaties fostered closer links between
nations that were once at each other's throats.

By the 1980s, parts of Europe were slowly moving
towards political integration. ‘The European Union
‘now unites 15 nations in a loose political, social and
economic federation. The collapse of communism

ul the fall of the Iron Curtain reunited Germany
and allowed free congress between all the nations of
Europe once more,

However, in other parts of Europe, the move-
iment is the other way. In the last decade, Csechoslo-
vvakus split into cwo nations, the Czech and Slovak
Republics, while the Yugoslavia that existed in 190
hasstowly torn itself apart in aseriesof civil wars, The
country th now claime Yugoslavia's name occu-
pes only a small fraction of the land its predecessor
Even in Italy, the Lega Nord cam-

palgns to split the northern half of the country away
he poorer suuthern half,

Europe Today

While the memories of the two World Wars still,
linger across the continent — for each country that
vould like to forget, there's another who won't let
them — Europe has new challenges to face, not least
of which is the growing population. In cectaint areas of
urope, particularly the UK, pressure to give up green.
field land for new housing development is becoming
overwhelming. With more people marrying later and
the divorce rate ever on the up, the number of one-
petson houschalds grows every year.

(Current predictions suggest that the UK will need
overone million new homes by 2016, most of them in
theres of southeast England that surrounds the capi
tal, London. Builders want to put the new homes on
green field sites in the countryside. Residents of the
countryside want them to go on old, often heavily
contaminated industrial sites in city centers. Neither
option is exactly attractive.

A similar picture ean be found rightacrass Europe.
Qwer 730 million people cram themselves onto this
tinycontinentand the Wyld is squeezed our ofthe land
by the Weaver's webs a little more every year

50 A World of Rage

——————— ia

By contrast, the Wyrm has a strony hold on the
continent and its influence is growing. Ifthe damage
awrught by the two World Wars wasn't enous
sive fuming methoxls introduced in the post-war pe-
riod to up productivity on short-handed farms have
done serious long-term damage to the envirorunent.
‘The use of chemical fertilizers and pesticides andl the
destruction of the natural habitars of hedgerows to
make larger fields for more efficient farming have
pushed many species onto the endangered list. The
environmental consequences of decades of landfill
trash dumping are only just being realized, too. Many
of these sites are leaking pollutants into the ground
around themat an alarming rate, cteatingnew Hellhcles
and Blights actoss the continent,

The more developed countries are just waking up w
the problems caused by the car. In many countries con:
gestion isreaching critical levels, despite a strong public
transport system. While some measures have been made
tw cuth the worst environmental impacts of petrol by «
general move to unleaded fuel, most Europeansare long
‘way from erating their love affair with the car.

The European Union

The EU evolved out of the European Eco-
nomic Community, wliich was established by the
treaty of Rome in 1957, Successive treaties and
fagreements have moved the member nations to-
‘wards greater economic, political and legal unity,
most recently with the Maastricht Treaty in 1991,

The EU has launched a common currericy —
the Euro — but only i linites! number of member
nations have adopted it so far: Many narions are
openly skeptical about the idea of ceding fimther
sovereign right o the growing European superstate
and are worried ahout losing their own culsural
identities toa United States of Europe.

Members

Founding members: Belgium, France, Get-
many, Italy, Luxeribourg and the Netherlands

1979: Denmark, Ireland and the United
Kingdom

1981: Greece

1986: Portugal snd Spain

1995: Austria, Finland and Sweden

Current applicants for membership:

Bulgaria, Cyprus, the Czech Repub
nim, Hungacy, Latvia, Lichuania, Males, Po
Romania, the Slovak Republic, Slovenia and
Turkey


TT

—\S—

eon re LSA

However, if Europe belongs to any of the Triat, it
is the Weaver. While Europe can't claim the world's
biggest cities, it can claim one of the highest concen-
trations of them to be found anywhere.

‘The Eurohub

"The sweep of land from London in England, round
via Parts in France, raking in Belgium, Northern Ger-
many andethe Netherlands is the most urbanized
region on thé face of the planet. This so-called
"Eurohub® iso. tightly bound in the coils of the

-avet tha few not-Cilass Walkers dare step sidle-
‘ways for fear of ealgifiegtion into the Pattern Web.

The Weaver'sinfluence is increasingly being felt
in the political move towards unity in Europe. The EU
claims gretter and greater poiyer over its individual
memberswith éach passing year, Legislation continues
to do its best 10 reduce soctaly economic and political
obstaclesto uniformity. The culture Of cach nation is
eroded a [ite more athe native currencies are re
placed progressively by the Euro,

Ache coon tea -Burohub li Bega 98% of
the country's. 10 milli ize in sevuhan envi
ronment (The lirgest city, Brusseliiis the very coreiof
the Weaver's power over che region), and home to
many of the ¢ore Bufpean Union institutions:

* the European Gomimussion, the BU's"cwvil ser
vice," which can propose legislation but eainét make
decisions on it

* the Céancil of Minscers, made-up, of BU nae
tional ministers who come to discuss matters pertain-
ing to theit portfalio (eg. agriculture)

© the European Parliament (which is actually
based in Strasbourg in the Alsace region of France but
has « building here too)

Any sense of the city's ofmm pertonality hai been,
swept away in the last few decades us ithas become hie
administrative center ofthe continent. Nearly a third
of the million people living in the city are now non-
Belgians. Notsurprisingly, the few Bone Gnawerpacks
that have tried to make contact with the City Father
teport that the spifir has clearly become a servant of
the Weaver and no other,

The Penumbra

American Garou stepping sideways almost any-
where in Europe are horrified by the degree to which
the continent is wrapped in the webs of the Weaver,
Even the Blights and Hellholes of the continent
have a Weaverish element to them. Twisted webs
reminiscent of bathed wire often surround the areas
of corruption. Slimy, oozing knots in the Web indi-

cate spots where Banes have only partially been

calcified into the strands,

After all, the Weaver has only had a matter of
centuries to really wrap up the former Pure Lands i
her webs. She's been cocooning Europe for millennia

The effect is even mote pronounced as one ap:
proaches the Eurohub. Despite the best efforts of the
Ratkin, Panis is truly under the spell of the W:
‘The spiritual reflection of the Eiffel Tower stabs even
hhigher into the Umbeal skylthiiny does its physical
counterpart, From its sid@f streteh vast webs that
blanket most of the city center:

Approaching Brusels iin the Penumbra is even
more difficult (and same would even ay nigh impos
sible). Whatever route a-pack rakes, the closer they
come to the city itself the atone their progress is
impeded by diiekerand thicker webs; Guardian-Spi
ders are common and casily disturbed ifthe Garou try
and force their way through.

By thetime theyenterthe reflection of thecity's
suburbs. it is almost impossible co,move without
attracting the agtention of Weaverspirits, particu:
Luly eng Auicle om BP (row! the
streets, searching for anyching that would distup
the Parcern Web.

Inthe distance, the buildings of cenrral Brussels
carhionly be vaguely seen asshadowy forms through
the webs thar onshtoud them all. Vase sheers of
webbing hangbetween them, makingproste: along

csi impossible, Electricity ele
teckwandiend forwards between the build.

moving over the cityscape and along the roud and
‘ail links, building ever-stronger connections with
other cities ini the Eurohub.

There are a few plices largely free of spiritual
webbing, but they're tew and far berween. The depths
of the Scottish highlands, the high mountarnous re-
_gionsandsomne ofthertiore rematedte sof Scandin
ate small arcasiuf refuge Small islands like Cors
Malta, and Elba Raye yet to be overtun, as do small
Puttiona of Irefardiand sill porcions ofthe very rural
sections of East Germanyand Poland. Although much
of the Black Forest is in vety real danger, the Weaver
has been violently pruned odtof a few remote valleys
and mountaintops within; Freiburg, the langest city in
the Black Fo aged to remain compara:
tively free of the Web, thanks to an emphatically
"green"-minded population.

Too much of Europe feels the coils of the Wyrm
round itas well. Germany, France and Austria havoyet
to truly recover from the spiritual damage inflicted

Chapter Two: Eurasia Ss

ian


during the World Wars. Umbral reflect
battlefields of both w
battlefields on the Marne in F
healthy plants refuse to grow there
the former Yugoslavia tsa great network of Hellholes,
with new Banes being birthed almost daily

The poverty and mi
Europea
rule have gifted their cities with mor t
share of Blights und plenty of Banes to people them.

ka he Shoal

és one area of Europe's Penumbra to which

few Garou ever travel. The areas of the Penumbra

cotresponding tn the sites of the Shoah, the camps
imprisoned and i

of the
travel; th

dangerous

ry endemic to the Eastern

at, homosexuals, communis

these sites cin
of Haran,

Garou to the very e

Only ets dare venture into those areas
aud chen only in times of dire They recur event
more grim and tight-lipped than usual. None ever
kof cheir exp

c he Garou of Europe

Just as war has plagued ehe humans ol

Lipp

neces there

ou. The continent is
es: the Black Furies,
of Fenris and Shadow Lords: The resule
18 tense interplay between these til
ures, often to the point of all-out war

too has it preoccupied the

s down

In recent decades, though, the boundaries of each
tribe's territory have heen more firmly set. Asthe cities

‘The Black Furies dominate Souther E
Fisnna are h entrenched throug!
ain, with the eveention af England Cw
contest territory with the local Ger). They also hive »
presence in France. The Get of
a, Norther Europe and Germ
Shadow Lords now 1

urope as their

sovereign territory, as cent fare with the
Silver Fangs have finally ended in the Lords' favor
They finally cemented theirownership of the territory

when they reclaimed the powerful caern thar is home
Sept of the Night Sky in Wallachis from the
Silver Fangs. These boundaries are likely ta hold for
the foreseeable fu

for the werewolves of Europe

A LY LY


ayy

ee AA

On January 30, 2000 a dam in» Remanian
g works burst. Over 100,000 eubie meters of
contaminated water swept into the Somes River.
From there it continued into Hungary and the Tisea,
a uibuuay of dye Danub

‘The water wascontamis
Tisza died

Clean-up workers removed 12,100 tons of dead
fish fron the river. The toxins Killed everything
right down to the level of bacteria,

As predators ate the dead fish, the cyanide
hogan to work its way up the foad chain. Foxes andl
otters were among the firs to start dying. One of five
remaining pairs of ospreys in the region died after
eating poisoned prey.

The poison carried on into Yugoslavia, where
80% of the river's life died — in an area already
under severe ecological strain following the
NATO airstrikes on oil refineries in 1999. Thank-
fully, by che ttme che polluted water reached the
Danube, the cyanide was diluted enaugh ta. no
longer pose u threat

Ie will take 10 to 20 years for the river to return
to anything like normal. Several species have t
completely destroyed

OF course, che humans living along the Thea
suffered aswell. 2.§ million peaple found their drink
ing warer supplies threatened. 15,000 people in the
fishing industry saw their livelihoods destroyed.

ted with cyanide. The

Death of a River

‘The operator of the mine claims that excessi
melt-water from heavy snowfulls caused the dam to
burtt. The local Garou suspect tharthe contamina. | &
tion was planned. Whatever caused the disaster, he
Wynn's legion have been feeding on the resulume
misery and ruin ever since, Banes were drawn tothe
devastation in vast numbers, By the time the poison
‘entered Hungary, the river's Penumbral reflection
‘was a seething mass of Wyrm-corrupted spirits. As
the front edge of the contamination was carried
down the Tisza, the whole length of the river became
little more than one long Hellhole:

When this wave-frone hit che Hellhole caused
bythe oilspills the yearbefore, two thingy happened.
‘The combined taintof thetwoineidents wasenough
wer -amassive Wyrmbhole surrounding the lower
reaches of the Tisza. The second was to fuse many of
the pollution spirits already present with the poison
and corrupted natute spirits and create something
new from them all This monstrous new spirit wal,
lows in the polluted Umbral river, its oily toxic bulk
bathed in the foulness the Tism has become. Every
now and again it swallow: other twisted fish or

otter apitit wad grows a

tle bigge

For now it seems content to bide its time and
enjoy the misery that caused its birth; the Garow
packs that have tried to pur itdown have so far been
unable to meet the challenge, and have yet vw
penetrate its ines of defense, Eventually, however,
the nascent spirit will grow bored and seek to spread
its own brand of corruption elsewhere.

can ill-afford to be fighting amongst themselves as the
Apocalypse draws ever closer. However, these bound
fries are by no means absolute; many septs tolerate
packs of other tribes in their territories, at times even
welcoming the help. Just so long as the guests know
their place, of course.

Europe birthed the Black Spirals, too, and the
fallen tribe scill has astrongpresence here. The numer:
‘ous wars that have raged actoss the continent, along
with the areas of heavy pollution that are a legacy of
the Industrial Revolution, have left many areas
Blighted. While the Garou do their best o cleanse the
Blights as they find them, they are few and the Blights
rampant.

If they are to stand any chance of surviving the
Apocalypse, the Garow of Europe desperately need to
puttheir differences behind them and start to deal with
the multitude of chrexts facing them.

Chapter Two: Eurasia

Black Furies

Surely we are on the very verge of the Apocalypse
For thousands of years we have protected this land,
sought to teach man his place and homo Mother Gaia
Yet now, on the edge of the lands we call home, the
Wyrm has built itself a stromghold the lke of which we
could never have imagined,

Prepare yourselues, sisters. The time for petty quab-
bloyg with the other res is over. We mast fight beside them
tw rid dhe land of the Wyrm once an fr all If we fal, the
‘work our ancestors have done for generations is nohing,"

—Kelonoke Wildhair

Imagine che horror that che Furies felcwhen, after
centuries of fighting for the rights of women across the
workl, they found atrocities being committed against
them right on the tribe's very doorstep.


|

A SSG

Rape and mutilation of women has hecome all
too common throughout the Balkan regions caught
‘up in the struggles of the past decade. The dehuman
‘zing horror of "ethnic cleansing" has led to some
racial groups treating orhers-as less than human —
objects to be used, abused and destroyed as they see
fit: Unsurprisingly, women and children often suffer
the worst. Reports of ging tapes and mutilations
continue to trickle out of the region even after the
theoretical cessation of hostilities following the
NATO intervention in Kosovo.

However, whathasmade the situation worse, from
the point of view of the Fufies is that there is precious
little they can do about if

The ortinudes char‘spawn the Balkon atrocities
spring from che humans themselves, not from servitars
ofthe Wyrm, Huttian prejadices tind grudges are much
harder to fight than-a milti-legged horror spawned
from a Blight, Alsipthe deciele ofatrocity has turned
the Bolkun into a breeding ground for Banes and
fomoni. The Furies seem petspend top much of their
time putting down these monsters.

The Buropean Furies' numbers have heen steadily
declining formany yearsyisattrivion, the tribe's exs-
tot wi away male infants and the getieeal
decline in Garou numbers take theit coll, At their
current numbenw its all the tribe cam @ata‘keep the
Wyrmn's forcesnit bay, Jet alone try and deal with the
human problems. With gfeat reluctance, the Furies
have decided to condentrare on defeating the Worm
andl have left the human consequences for later.

Uneasy Alliance

‘The Furies rarely ask for help from anyone, How:
ever, theie situation looked so bleak and their num
bers were strecched to thin that when an offer of aid
came from the Shadow Lords, they actually listened.
Kelonoke Wildhaitfrom the Seps of Bygone Visions
(sce Caerns: Places of Power, reprinted in Rage
Across the World Volume 1) traveled by moon
bridge to the Sepr of the Night Sky and met with
MMuurgrave Kontetzko, che sept's leader. She found
much to admire in the seasoned warrice and an
outlook on life nat unlike her own. She spenta week
a his guest, joining him in hunting down a nest of

vas-the- River, a tep-

resentative of the Red Talons.

When Kelonoke retumed to the Miria Caer, she
recommended to the Outer Calyx, one of the ruling
circles of the tribe, that they enter into a temporary
alliance with the Shadow Lords. After much heated
debate, they ageced but not withour severe misgivings
con the part of many of the rrihal elders

So far, Kelonoke's judgement has been vindi-
cated. The Shadow Lords, Red Talons and Black
Furies form an effective fighting group; they are begin-
‘ning to toot out the Blights and Hellholes that are
spawning the fomori in Kosovo and are making plins
to push north towards Serbia.

The foct thar all three cribes' patience with
humans has reached the breaking point is helping
tokeep them honded together. Amongst the slaugh
ter the humans are inflicting on each other, a few
extra fatalities at the hands of the war packs are
hardly noticeable.

(Or so the theory went. Early this year, a small
pack managed to wipe oura band of fomori that had
taken control of a Balkan village. When an equally
small group of humans entered the village not long
afterwards, che werewolves reacted ft more brutally
than was necessary. To their surprise, these h
tured out to be immune to the Delirium and
bbued with some form of supernatural abilities. Four
of the humans were killed and the ather two driven
off; evo werewolves also perished.

While some of the survivors theorized thar these
were astrange new breed of fomor bred by the region's
violence, the pack's Theurge remains adamant that
they were not Wyrin-tainted,

The Fianna

‘The last advice | offer you is this: have your
Galliands sing songs of cuir ancestors and their battles
‘against the fallent White Howlers. Learn the lessons of
the past and prepare to face the future as one tribe. For
if you do not, the return of the Ard Crutmh Beithioch
wll mark the fall of the Fianna."

— Brendan O'Rourke, during his final address as
Ard Righ

There's 9 long-standing misconception among
Atnerican Garou that Fianna means Irish werewolf
The slow evolution of their New World Kinfolk into
the "Plastic Paddies" so despised by the Irish back
home certainly hewn' bell

In truth, the Fisnna nnd their Celtic Kinfolk
once had much of central Europe to themselves,
before eventually being pushed back to the westem
fringes of the continent by the invasing Germanic
and Notdic peoples. The interbreeding of 1
peoples through the centuries means that the Fianna
have a strong presence throughout the UK, areas of
France and, to a lesser extent, Spain.

Britain bas long been contested ground between
the Fianna, the Get and the Silver Fangs. However,
the actions of House Winter Snow centuries age saw

St A World of Rage

—,

Sr ry,


eam raf Peas sera eras re cat

"The countries that make up the "powdler-keg of
Europe" have seen the start of more wars than any
other region of Europe,atradition they are maintain-
ing even toxlay.

In the early 20th century the area erupted into
warfare, secking to free itself from the rule of the
Orcoman Turkey, with partial success enshrined in

of London. Fighting hrokeont forthree
summer as the newly liberated nations
fought to establish new boundaties

Tensions between Bosnia-Hersegovinis, part of
the Austro-Hungarian Empire and Serbia grew in the
aftermath. These tensions culminated in the assissi-
nation in June 1914 of Archduke Franz Ferdinand,
heirro the Austro-Hungarian emperor, by a Bosnian
student working for the Serbian nationalist move-
ment called the Black Hand (no relation to the
Vampiric sect of the same name), The empire sought
to punish Serbia, and Germany committed its sup:
port. Russia allied itselt with the Serbians, and World
‘War | was born.

Events in the aftermath of World War | saw the
Balkan nations united into what became the Federal
Republic of Yugoslavia. In 1991, ital fell apart. Two
countries, Croatiaand Slovenia, declared themselves
independent. Serbia objected and used federal troops
to impose its will Si ly crruck a deal with:
Slovenia allowing its independence after 10-day
war. The war with Croatia, on the other hand, raged
until che end of the year, when the United Nations
brokered a cease fire between Croatia and the re-
mainder of Yugoslavia. By this time, several of
‘Yugoslavia'sotherconstituent countrieshad declared
their own independence.

Croatia, Slovenia, Bosnia-Hereegovina (often
known simply as Bosnia) and Macedonia all became
independent nations, while Serbia and Montenegro
remained as Yugoslavia

The problems were only just searting. Bosnia
erupted in civil war asthe ethnic Serbs attempted to
establish thelr own state, independent of the rest of
Bosnia. By the end of 1992, they held 70% of Bosnia's
territory. The Muslim and Croatian residents were

The Balkans

systematically driven our in process that was
called, euphemistically, ethnic cleansing. Tens of
thousands died amd nearly ewo million people were
forced out of their homes.

The United Nations slammed economic sanc
tions on Yugoslavia, as the perceived instigator of
the civil war. By the end of 1993 these, and the
threar of air strikes from NATO, pushed the Yugo.
slavian government to pressure the Bosnian Serts
into accepting a UN peace plan.

In 1997, Serbia found it had its own problems,
Kosovo, a formeily independent: aces within
borders populated mainly by ethnic Alba
started to protest against the Serbian government
The Kosovo Liberation Army was formed, and
declared its intention to integrate Kosovo with
Albania. The Serbian forces reacted in predictable
fashion: they instiruted a program of ethnic cleans:
ing, which was eventually ended by a prolonged ait
assaulc from NATO troops

The decades of violence have, inevitably, at
acted the attention of the Wyrm, The Black
Furies, whose homelands border the area. sent sev
eral packs into the area to try and deal with the rape
camps thar had sprung up: None were heard from
again. The Shadow Lords in the lands tothe north
of the Balkans were also suffering losses to the
growing Wyrm forces concentrated in Bosnia and
Serbia. The two tribes entered into an uneasy
ance to root out the problem.

The mote cautious pucks tha fist started (0
penetrate the area came back to report groups of
fomori preying on the refugees. Margrave Yuri
Konietzko, a Shadow Lord Theurge of formidable
Teputation, started to take a personal interest, coor
inating strikes against the fomori which have al-
lowed the Furies, pushing north into Kosovo, and
the Lords, striking south into Bosnia, to score sig-
nificant successes against the Wyrm'sminions there.

However, neither tribe has yet found any cen
tral spiritual source to the corruption. Both sre
beginning to suspect that the real source of the
corruption lies deep within Serbia itself.

the effective end of Fang tule in Britain, The Get.
while they haven't relinquished any of theircaerns in
the UK, have been forced to spend more of their time
and resources in protecting their homelands im Ger-
many, northern Furope and Scandinavia

Asaresult, the Fianna have a stronger grip an the
UK than they have had ina long time. The tribe isalso
‘more united than ithas been in its recent history. The
tentative success ofthe peace provess in resolving the
situation in Northern Ireland took the wind ourof the

Chapter Two: Eurasia 5S


A Lf

| Mixing Jt Up

Multitribal sepes are rare indeed in Europe.
‘The European tribes have long shared the fierce
territoriality of their wolf Kin and many caerns
that lie on the borders between two tribes' terri
tory have chunged hands repeatedly over the years.

Throughout history there have been excep-
tions to the rule: the Fenrir and the Fianna fre=
quently shared caerns during their long campaign
{o reclaim Scotland from the White Howlers, for
example. Today, cach tribe's territory has been
fare with tribal rivals
and s9 they are reluctant to giv
much asifoothold in thet
of cooperation is not lost on the European Garon
and multitribal packs are often formed for particu-
lar missions in cooperation beoween several septs,
in sorte cases seattered veross the continents
ajorexception tothe rulec
‘one tribe" is the Sept of Sun's Glory, ia the Alps
berween Switeerland and France. The spt his
been inexistence since the Dark Ages, when it was
led by Guillaume Sun's Gloryyan elder Silver Fang
with an abiding hateed of vampires.

When Sun's Glory finally fell in battle, the

sept was renamed in his honor and adopted his
mission as his own, Werewolves from all over the
continent, andeven further afield, egularlygather
in the alpine valley thar houses the quiet,
Jake that i the heart of the cacm. There they)
discuss the Leeches and exchange tactics for deal
ing with them. Young packs of Garou often travel
to the sept to learn from the mortlesperienced
Leech-hunters that make their home there.

The sept has also maititained its reputation
for strict neutrality in tribal polities that Sun's
Glory enforced in his beyday, A disproportion:
are number of Philodax take their home here
and, in recent decades, Several territorial dis-
th fl procudely iaveeled Lo ssa)
skirmishes. between two tribes hitve-acmually

been settled through mediation,

won through centuries of w

sails of the Eire Fundamentalists and the Brotherhood
of Heme to the point where both groups are now more
fringe gatherings than true camps of the tribe. The
growing pro Seatland have focused the minds
of the Fianna away from human politics and onto the
imminent Apocalypse so much that when the peace
process tottered on the brink of collapse, the tribe's
attention did not return to human politics,

‘The infiltration of human politics is not the only
threat from within the tribe: The blood of the Picts,
the Black Spiral Dancer Kinfolk, has long been mixed
with that of their own Kinfolk. Aseach year passes, 9
few more Fianna dance the Black Spiral or are forced
to undertake a quest through the Umbea for Stay's
blessing to stave off the corruption from within. The
fall of the Silver Fang's House Austere Howl to the
same legacy has proved an object lesson ta the Fianna,
and one they have taken to heart

North Walesvaféape rural Ireland and the north
cof Scotland p the, last vestiges of the Wyld
under the tribe's protection that have not fallen to
the webs of the Weaver or the corruption of the
Wyrm. The Fianna know they must remain serang
fand united as a tribe if they are to preserve them.
Regrettably, a few of their Theurges fear this realiza-
tion might have come too late.

Homecoming
‘Scotlahid:has been the'Fianna's land for over a
millennium. Whenjthe Scots traveled from Ireland

nto what snow know as Scotland, they steadily drove
‘out the Picts, the Kinfolk of the fallen White Howlers

Over the centuries, working with the Get of
Fenris and the Silver Fangs, the Fianna drove back
the Black Spiral Dancers to the one Wyrmhole they
were never quite able to cleanse, the Caern of the
Mile-Deep Loch. This island off the west coast had
been the home of the leaders of the White Howlers.
ewas the last Howler caera to fall to the Wyrm, and
it fell the furthest. The loch itself, at the center of
the island, is reputed to lead into Malfeas and the
Black Labyrinth itself

The Fianna contented themselves with making
‘Gite than nothing went to oF from the island, and

Scocland cleansed. It never truly was, though.
Spirals had riddled the Highlands with tunnels,

‘which the Fianna, remembering the fate of the Howl-
fer, were loath to enter, In the centuries that followed
{RE incursions of Spirals would crop up every few
"decades or so, betore being pac down.

‘That carefully maintained balance has now been
disrupted. A series of acquisitions, mergers and reverse
buyouts so obscure that they barely made the pages of
the Financial Times in early 1999 led to several ofthe
refineries in the rown of Grangemouth on the Firth (a
Scots word for an estuary) of Forth in east Scotland
becoming subsidiaries of Endron Oil. Within months
safety standards hod droppedand aseriesof "accidents
contaminated the Firth of Forth several times.

Around the same time, packs living in the High-
lands reported the first major skirmishes with Spirals

A World of Rage


eA

in over a century. In early November, « pack of
Fianna found a group of wildcat and human corpses
near Caithness. The bodies were defiled with marks
of the Wyrm. Two months ago, a caer in the Ochils
nnear Dollar fell ro the Dancers, in the first of a series
of assaults thar have made the Fuanna's hold on
Scotland tenuous indeed

Te oppears the Spirals have come home, ard the
u Nition would dearly love to know why. few
Fianna suspect that they know. The watchers assigned
athe coast near the Sept of the Mile-Deep Loch have
reported seeing something nsing from the waters there.
One or two Galliards of the tribe have noted siailar-
ties between the sightings and tales of the Ard Ceuimh
Beithioch, a mighty Wyrmspawn that fought along-
side the Black Spiral Dancers to defend the Mile-Deep
Loch. While the old songs tell of the beast' destruc-
tion at the hands of several packs of Garou, the fear is
that those tales have grown coo far in the telling and
that the beast lives still
Tribal Politics

Benn MacFinnn; former leader of the Sept of the
Tri-Spiral at Brugh Na Boinne in County Meath,
Eire (again see Caerns: Places af Power), recently
ascended to the position of Ard Righ of the Fianna
and has ciken up residencein Silver'Tor. Hisimentoe
Brendan O'Rourke, the former Ard Righ, stepped
down to undertake an Umbral quest after the at
tempted invasion of Silver Tara by Black Spiral
Dancers, He arid bis rusted packmares would give no
details of where they were going or why, save that he
hadreceiveda vision from Stagthat made itelear that
the tribe's future is at stake.

Bron has taken the opportunity his new role offers
him ro pursue his dream of a world where werewolves,
fae and humans live together in harmony. Feeling that
the Fianna need allies in their barele with the growing
strength of the Wyrm in England and Scotland, he has
tumed to che old alliances with the sidhe, leaving
others to build bridges to the other tribes. He spends
rare and meen time caught in the ervilee dance of
changeling politics, rying to win their support, and
less and less attending to the needs of the tribe

Thedecline of the Brotherhood of Heme has seen
the Dyn a drowyd yn flaidd — the Welsh Fianna —
take amore active role in Fianna politics. These fierce
Garou who have been so auccessful in keeping their
lands free of both the Wyrm and Weaver are bringing
a much-needed hard edge to the tribe's policies.

Meanwhile, younger members of the tribe, par-
ticularly the Grandchildren of Fionn, are finding more
common ground with members of other tribes. Sen-of-

Moonlight, Bron's successor as Righ of the Sept of the
Tri-Spiral has started negotiations with Margrave

Konierzko of the Shadow Lords behind the Ard Ri
back, The lupus Theurge feels thar other werewolves
are likely to prove mote reliable allies than the noto-
tiowsly capricious foe.

Get of Fenris

‘The Fenrir have kept this land free of the Wyrm for
centuries, for we are strong. Today is no different from
sewernoy The howl of Fenrie echoes from the monetain
ad the creatures vf the Wyrm cower."

— Mikki Rethgar, Fenrir Ahroun

‘The Fenrir occupy a broad swathe of land from the
north of Italy through Germany, Austria and Denmark
into Norway, Sweden and Finland, The sparsely popu-
lated Scandinavian countries ate the tribe's home-
lands and they protect them ruthlessly. The hatsh,
unforgiving climate suits the tribe perfectly. The weale
do not survive in the semi-arctic wildemess where
many of the Gee's septs dwell. They wouldn't have it
aany other way. The weak are not fitto fight for Gaia as
true warriors of the Fenrir,

The tribe still manages to maintain entire villages
of Kinfolk in certain areas. While once common
practice for all the European tribes, the greater mobil
ity of humans inthe 19th and 20th centuries hus made
this impractical elsewhere. These Kin have been suc-
cessful in actively campaigning. against the construc
don of further nuclear reactor in the area. The wolf
packs that roam Finland provide the tribe with a
healthy proportion of lupus members, 00.

The werewolves of northem Europe compete
against each other to hunt down wandering feral
vampires, and packs of Scandinavian Fentit are always
the first to respond when a cry for assistance comes
from a sept anywhere in the world, Many cravel to the
‘Amazon to spend time fighting alongside the almost
legendary Golgol Fangs-First.

Sul, the Wyrm continues to pro
tokeen the tribe husy. They have he
Wyrm-beases thar tunnel beneath th
Dark Ages, with no signs that they are decreasing in
umber. Indeed, in eecent years packs of Fenrir ventur-
inginto these tunnels have found that the tunnels may
be more extensive than they ever realized. New pas-
sagewaysand caverns have opened up in areas that the
Fenrit thought cleated and thoroughly explored cet
turies ago, A sctics of carefully planned expeditions
have discovered, at the cost of many lives, that the
tunnels now seem to reach far beneath the North Sea,
and may in fact reach as far as Scotland,

plenty here

Chapter Two: Eurasia 57

LE,


re fe

A fow metabers of the tribe are finaly starting ro
defy tradition and suggest that they should follow the
second renet of the Litany a little more literally and
"Combar the Wyrm Wherever It Dwells and Wher-
ever It Breeds. " That means packs traveling into the
deepest Wyrm tunnels and finding where these mon-
sters are coming from. Ah, what a battle chat will be.

Germany

Germany has become somethingofa blemish on

1's honor. Not only do they live with the
knowledge that members of the tribe chose to side
with the Nazis during World War Il, but they have
been unable to defeat the forces besieging its stron-
gest enern in the area

Indeed, although the tribe would have others
believe otherwise, thefthold on the German country:
side has never been temibly secure. Memories offthe
Inquisitionsgre stromig among German and Axiteian
smembets ofthe cribes As recently as hel 7th century,
werewolves were occasionally hunted down by the
humans. The most famous incident took place in
Fichenbach ar the end of the century

Rumor has it that some of the Getlaf : whe
sided with the Nazis during WoillWacilwcrd
too freein dropping hintsabouctheirtrue nature. This
fae ude the Ferrie fanation wbout upholding che
Veil. Any human' in Germany who Sees a Garou
change, dies: Any werewolf allowing a wo see
him inanyformotherthan Homid or Lupushad better
have a watertight excuse, or they are severely pure
ished. The Get's definition of severt imeans that pres
cious few offenders survivellon enduigh to Be sent on
a quest (0 redcem theritselves:

The sudden rise of a new breed of humnaf hunter
with certain su talents has brought hack too
many bad memories of the Burning Tames for the
Fenrir to ignore. Packs of Getitrive to wipe these new
threats from the face off Europe whenever they can

The increasing numberof fomori, or Zerrutteten as
the German Fenrir know them, in central European

cities lo also.a point of serious cone
Occasional and begrudging co-operation with septs of
Gass Walkers has allowed some success in keeping

nto the tribe

Finally, the unrest among the human population
1s eeding all the wrong kinds of spirits. The reunifica-
tion of Germany was far from flawless; the differences
in economical prosperity are still pronounced, inspit-
ing no small amount of envy in the former East Ger-
rmuany, This problem is often linked to an even more
severe one — the growing numbers of racists, particu

larly neo-Nazi skins, in the country. As Bertole Brecht
par it, "the womb that they grew from is still fertile."

The Battle for the Schwarzwald

‘The tribe's best-known seprtin the region, the Sept
of the Blood Fist (see Caeens: Places of Power) deep
in the hear of the Schwarswald — the Black Forest
has been under siege forover half a decade. Anallimnce
of Black Spiral Dancers, Banes and Leeches has
launched repeated atracks on the cacrn. While each
and every one has been successfully. repelled, the
mounting cost in Garoy lives hai. been staggering

Ofthe sive when the siege started
only, Else Kirehenwald, knit as Wyrm-Guard, the
(Guchostes sue fel Tons Fremane, the set

fier, waged trce yeorsogn ina barle with «
filack Spiralswieldingaferish sword called Wyrmblade
Thedfarts sacrifice allowed the Get co capture and
déstmay the blade but his absence is keenly felt. Since
them the:leadership of the sept has passed from one
‘young werewolfito, another, none of whom hes the
experience ortactical knowledge to stand long against
he forces thar surroted Ehsan.

‘Seite from, all over Europe huive been providing
reinforcements forithecacra. While this hus seriously
depleted their numberselsewhere, the URiin particu:
dir, the tribe refuses ro eta caerni touched by the talons
"ef preat Fenris himself fall to the WyrmaNeither will
"they ask forhelp fromthe weaker tribes. Thisisa battle
‘they must win on their own, whatever the cost.

Ee

‘Tensions between the Black Furies and the Get
fun high in Italy, as they have for centuries, The Get
first arrived in the land alongside their Kinfolk as the
‘Germanic tribes sacked Rome. Centuries later the
Ger are still there, skirmishing with the powerful
Leeches in many of the Italian cities and warring in
the Umbra against the Banes that are drawn to the
corruption that seems endemic to Italian politics. As
one Fenrir Ragabash once observed, the only thing

that changes more often than Itoly's g
56 governments since 1945 and counting — is the
Jarl of a Fentir sepe

‘The Get have a quiet respect for the Black Furies
in the south of the country, as fierce warriors who are
fighting pretty much che same fights and who are
nearly, bur nor quite, as strong as the Get. This, of
‘course, goes utterly unappreciated by the Furies, who
see in the Ger everything that is worst in the aften-
misogynistic Italian society,

58 A World of Rage

Za,


In recent times, the
have dropped to

skirmishes between the two
a minimum.

either tribe can afford
certribal warfare with
ir plates. Sul, if we
cet while pursuing Banes through the Umbra,

dhing else they have ont

single u htless word and the two
h other's throats again.
Glass Walkers
Lin wg the Weaver's tools
nst the Wy ifwe suspect Weai
sa potentially bigger threat to Gaia than the Wyrm? If only

mute of our tribe asked themselves that question,
Elizabeth Genereader
Wherever there are cities, there are Ghiss Walk
1s, As a result, they are the most widespread and
During the Renaissance, the tribe
he cities of Italy thut ignited the cultural
hat swept the continent, In the last century

corporate activity in urope has Largely
cities: London, and Frankfurt,

Germany. Naturally, the Glass Walkers followed.
¢ growing financial integration of the Euro:
pean Union countries has been a boon for the Ce

Avance

Lae oan

rate Wolves. Multiple
the continent

pes of Glass Walkers all across
id even further afield if need be, ean
mobilize against a Wyrm-tainted ¢
ny of them ever ba

single Eurc
and dangers isa point of¢
various Glass Walker-fun, d run ©
Frau Zalewsky, chairman of the
‘itken & Weben GiibH & Co. Kt
proponent of the Euro, SI
speration between members
vg it han

attackers through the fir
Herm

mpany without
g tW leave theit offices: The
benefits
‘Osof the

isgues that it facilitates co

of the tribe in different
et for Pentex to

ent is Charles Meadwell,

pany with offices in London, Manchester and Oslo.
He argues that currency speculation and exch

especially in hostile
Euro removes those weapons

vers and that

 finaneta

New Markets

The Glass Walkers are finally getting the foothold
stern Europe they have longsought, The str

tin the last century
or 40 coupled with the problems posed in getting

\


oe AA

foothold in communist-run economies had made it
ilifficult for the Glass Walkers co have any great
influence, until now.

With most of the former communist countries
throwing their doors wide open to foreign investors in
a bid to kick-start their economies, the tribe has
walked right into many of the major cities of the
Tegion, The Shadow Lords have enought on theigplates
in the Carpathians and the Balkans that they have
done nothing about tt, as yet
+ threat has been Pentex subsidiaries
the same. I's battle many Comporate
Wolves and City Farmers enjoy fighting.

Life on the Street

Of course, it's not all boardroom battles, WAAL
c Gnawers relatively scarce in Europe (thanks t0
‘past emigrations to the Americas), 1's up to dhe Glass
Walkers co deal with the Wyrm's growing influenge on
tany cities with only minis

A pack loosely attached to Chiles) Meadwellt?

stre Holdings ws successful cleansing the site
ofthe Millennium Dome on the Greenich Peninsula
in London eatly last year. The site, a former gasworks
cenmarked for the UK's largest millenniuith project,
was the most heavily contaminated piece Of lind in
Europe. Despite heavy opposition from, Walkshaant
and H'cugglings, the pack was ablerabild thesinslony
enough for the Fenestre Sept's Master of the Rite to
perforrn a rite that cleansed the land.

As pressure grows across Europe for greater
development of similarly abandoned industrial sites,
young Glass Walkers have tolbeeéthie mare

c in driving out che Wyrmetaine Kebore the

Jet) move in. Orherwige, their problems just
grow asthe Banes stare corrupring rhe eanseruction
workers and eventually che new) developments
occupants, providing a steady supply of fomort to
further the Wyrm's aims.

Sull,che numberof fomori anthestreets of Europe's
cities is growing at a frightening rate and in
the hard-pressed

symptorns and not the cause of the earruptions
The Flip Side

There are two other losses showing on the tribe's
European balance sheet.

Italy, once the tribe's stronghold, is rapidly be-
comingaproblem. TheGlaes Walkers influence within
the Mafia ts not what it once was, The Kinfolk that
they hud strotegically placed in the most powerful
families have slowly been weeded out and "retired,"

ber

ou are merely dénling with thee

The tribe is actively seeking a way of reestablishing its
power base, with litele success as yet

Two majorBuropean cities —Viennaand Venice
— temain almost completely inaccessible to the
tribe, Venice is off-limits due to an "understanding"
reached with the vampires there. The dealings be-
toyeen the Glass Walkers and these insular vampices
age fragile at best, but they often lead to quiet secret
sieapping about the corporations under Pentex'sban-
‘er, This agreement remains a dircy little secret, one
that the Glass Walkers sincerely hope the other
{fibes never find our about,

In Vien, Garou rarely survive long. The resi
dent Leechesseem tobeable to detect and hunt-down
‘wetewolveswithidsturbing ease. Rather than lese any
more pucks, the tribe has chosen to hanudle its business

there ina different manner: their corporate operations
in both cities are generally handled by Kintolk

The Weaver's Call

‘The biggest single worry comes from within the
tribe, though. The'Gias Walkers of Belgium, the
Netherlands and areas of France and Germany are
becoming altogether roo close to the Weaver for their
sribemates' comfort. The Cyber Dogs camp of the tribe
almost completely dominate the region and they em-
bricetechnolugy te an unhealthy depree, Glass Walk-
rs from other European septs have noticed a marked
fendency for them to call upon Weaver-spirts rather
hin Gaian spirits during their rites

The more traditional membersof the cribe are torn
6 to the hest course of action. Using the Weaver's
‘tools GgAiRE THE Wynn is one thing. Embmeiny the
Weaver herself i quite another. Sull, acting against
embers of one's own tribe rather goes against the
‘mainond they don'tseem tobe doing that much harm
Yetsangue the elders

Inthe meantime, more and more of the younger

members of the tribe accept the enhancements the
Cyber Dogs offer. By the time the tribal elders decide
to gt against the Cyber Dogs, they may well find
chegisetves ttyrhe minortry.

‘A small group of younger werewolves, an uneasy
nix of members of the Urban Primitives and Random
nterrupts camps, aren't prepared to let this happen
‘strated with their elders' indecision, they are start-
ing tomake overtures tothe other tikes hoping to nip
the problem in the hud.

Elizabeth Genereader. a young Dutch Philodox.
sounded out un acquaintance among the Shadow
Lords and discussed the problem with her: One thing
led toanother, as itso often does when one deals with

60 A World of Rage

LA TS A Ty,


A 7A

the Shadow Lords, and several months later she found
herself deep in the Carpathians talking toa grissled old
Theurge. Our af her depth and out af her element, she
hhas begun to suspect that she may have madea mistake
thar will cost the tribe dearly

Shadow Lords

"The Garou of America are weak, merciful and
laughable. Leess show them how the warriors of Gaiareally
fight. Finst we shall win the war on out cum soit. Then,
perhaps, sve will eign to rescue our cousins."

—Mingrave Yuri Konietako

The Shadow Lords ave known néithing but war
fot'centuries. From thett holdings Eastem Burope,
they watisoestinually with the:twieted.watipiees that
hhyune che Carpathian Mountings

From aie Sept of the Night
in northern Hungary, Margrave
sic endless campatgns against the Leeche> Sh
ruthlesariés that chills even histfellow Lords. His
frustration ‘it being unable to destioy a fortress of
vampire wisatds that has stood for centuries burns

id he takes revenge on every group of vam>
pires hat can be found. Only one thing matters to the
Margrave: winning. The war was going well for him,
too, until the laeter half of the last decade.

Astheatrocities in the Balkans grew worse, slowly
the Margrave found himself fighting a war on two
fonts: che vampiresin the Carpathiansand the fomori
and Banes swarming out of the former Yugoslavia to
the southwest.

On top of that, the tribe is also trying to deal
with che growing number of Wyrm-rainted fore
companies that are investing in the Eastern Euro:
pean territories that the Shadow Lords claim as
their own. Rooting out such insidious threats is far
more time-consuming and challenging than simply
tearing apart « band of vampires.

The prospect of fighting or mulsiple fronts intimi-
dates even the Margrave, No Shadow Lord wins as
‘much respect from the tribe ax Konietzko without
seeing ways of turning any situation to his advantage.
All the native tribes of Europe face major threats. Ifhe
can be the werewolf that unites them against their
‘enemies, what renown could be his?

His careful overtures to the Black Furies and Red
Talons have met with success. The three tribes have
been cooperating successfully and are just beginning to
turn the tide ini the Balkans. The next step is to try and
bring the Fianna on board, While their new Ard Righ
has proved difficult ro deal with, younger members of
the tribe seem mote accommodating.

Konietzko Ascendant

Konietzkohascalled a moot toaddressthe threats

facingall che local eribes as well as the istes raised by
the sudden collapse of the Shadow Curtain, Repte

sentatives of all the European tribes have agreed 10
attend, even the normally insular Get of Fentis. Of
course, Konierzko, always the astute politician, has
already thrashed out the details of his deals with the
majority of the other tribes well in advance. The
moot is merely for show.

The one exception has been the Glass Walkers,
who refuse to.communicate with the other tribes in
anything more than a perfunctory manner, Since
1999, however, a young Glass Walker has been in
covertcommunication with the Margrave. Through
her he has learned that the Glass Walkers' silence
thas a deeper reason thar normal intertribal hostil
ties: the Glass Walkershave their own problems. He
now knows that the European Glass Walkervare an
the verge of tearing themselves
dent in the Eurohub have come to ide
Weaverto such adege
of their own tribemat

"The Margrave has yet to decide what to do with
this information. Ouds are, though, thac he will find a
way to owist it to his advantage

While Alpha Acts, Beta Learns

Across the continent, Shadow Lord advisors are
watching, learning and judging, They note dose
whose beliefs and temperament are likely to prove
helpful to the Margrave's cause and quictly act as
theit patrons. Werewolves from other tribes whe
show a little too much insight or distrust of the
Shadow Lords' overtures are quietly sidelined by 4
quiet word in the appropriate eur

‘The Judges of Doom have been seen at more and
more moots across the continent as they winnow the
‘corrupt from the ranks,
true Garou in his arty

Other Tribes

Bone Gnawers

Once among the most numefousiiibesii/Europe,
‘great portion of the Bone Ginawers ind ett
for the New World back inthe 920¢sind 30s. The
poputatfon bias stowly been grossing ngaitsince then,
but generally the tribe papi in Europe's

largese cites and in some of the langerydirter towns.

The one exception to thisscems toibe London.
White Gnawers were quite numerous there uneil the

ft, Those resi
ify with the
e thar they have lost the rust

Konietzko wants only strong,

Chapter Two: Eurasia 6

A a eee


eae raf Roamer caren ronan

From the petspective of the European Garou, it
scems absolutely clear that the Apocalypse is imi
nent, There are precious few wild places left. The
Weaver has almost completely conquered the Wyld
oon the continent, and in tun the Wyrm continues to
comupt her power base, Konierako feels thar the time
hhascome for the Shadow Lordsto stop playing Beta to
the Silver Fangs and usurp the Alpha tribe position
that they hav red for so long.

He may just he the werewolf to do ( ReWassociare
this lean, chingerdtis:man in his 60s with thie more
devious reputation thathis tibe has gained, The Renir
respect his bust for battle, Uae Furies bis everfuuidhed
dealings with women ata the Pana his lus for ffs
fairly easy for oursiders to natice the ruthless intel
igencéthag burns behind his gristled fage-— nots easy
to realize che tplicanions.

The Silver Fangs tite the weakest they have ever
been on the continent. Housd!ustere How isa bur
gone ind House Gleaming Eye has grain paranoid and
insular, They no longer present 9 significant threat £0
Shalow Loedambitions in Europe. America, though is
anotherstory. Konietskoknows that ingots Albreche
has started oe Parcs' becrarnorsiii:
thelastfew year fhe Mangrave ist challengeisrise,
he must do.something soon.

Luckily, Albreche'smostnotableachteverreneta
ote, barring autiiining the Silver Crown, is the de
struction of the Seventh Generation, Despite enter-
ing the Silver Recond'this victory has bad little
Impact on the rank and file Gar in Eurcpe. Fewhad
head of the Seventh Generation before it was de-
sroyedandeven fewerrealized the insidious nature of
the danger it presented.

Konietsko's firs step was to get the support of his
tribe worldwide. Large numbersof Shadow Lords from
other parts of the world have been making their way

‘mid-1990s, the majority of them were wiped out in
«battle with an awakening ancient vampire several
years ago. The tribe's numbers in this city have

Paris, by contrast, has strong and thriving
community of Gnawers. The tribe has cordial, ifnot
close, relationships with the plague of Ratkin living
in the city's sewers and the two groups exchange
information on a regular basis.

However, even more than the Glass Walkers, the
tribe suffers from the strength of the vampires in

A World of Rage

Ty,

a

What Konietzko Wants

co Hungary to gather under the Margrave's banner.
This has given him the troops to support the other
tribes on multiple fronts, tuildling up debes thar he
eventually intends to call in.

If Konietzko can now unite the tribes in Bue
rope and do some significant damage to one or
more of the many threats facing them, he might
yet become a serious contender for Albrecht in
the centest to be the one to lead the Gain's
Wattiors into the Final Battle,

He feels thac now is the timé co stare winning
some victors that will boast his Renown. The
‘vampires of Eastern Europe seem to be weakening
for the first time inéenturies. While he does not
know the causeefor sure, he suspects that it has
something nd with the recent freeing of the
demon, Kupaliy which was heniided by a series of
storm and earthquakesithae shook most of the
region koowneas Transylvania.

Kupilla is a thresc that has to be dealewith
‘eventually, but forthexime being the denion seers
tobe leaving the werewalves well alone. It has yet
to approach anywhere near any of the Garou's
‘cares in the areasln fact, it is almost a8 if it was
purposefully nvoiding dhem.

The Garowtlire well aware of its presence in the
Tands of Europe once mare's its passage corrupts the
very iv ead femoves throught. Suill, for the time
being Konietcko prefersco focus an some of the lesser
threats, The distragted hands of Leeches seem to be
an obvious immediate carges, as does whatever has
been birthed in the Balkans.

‘When they are dealt with, then he may have a
band of followers strong and experienced enough to
take down Kupola and thus hand leadership of the
Garou Nation ra him.

Buirope. Many of the ancient monsters were hunti
Garou when the present generation of Bone Gnawer
great-great-grandparents were cubs.

Children of Gaia

The Children of Gain don't receive a warm
welcome in many European caems, Far too many
septs are constantly at war for the Cl
sages to be heard or appreciated. This never stops
the Children from trying, though. The relative peace
hetween the Italian Get of Fenris and Black Furies


Ly the unaccte
n who spent s
th tribes in the are

es between th

European Se wn: the Sept

land and the Sept of

Springs in Switz
the ourskitrs of

The Chill
the UK. Their cc
the warring part

are well re
vel has be

of che trols,
Scott, sander of the Brighton cae has

indof thi inefighting between the Silver Far
Austere Howl and Gleaming Eye, when

caught
Hou:
solitary survivot of Austere Howl's Dover caer
caped the slaughter and fled to Brighton. She bus yet
to decide on a plan of

A few of the Children tried tatikepnactive role
in the Balkan crisis thahasplagued the continent
over the'lasndecade, with little juceess. Few met:
betw6f the tribe who either traveled alone intothe
afew or whovran with the Black Bary (and, very
, Shadow,Lord) packs that have inve
have returned. Now that the alliance be
1 the

aties-and the Lords has sturted 10 pusk

ick towards Serbia, the

ces of the Wyrm
»cleanse the land and
people. However, the task the tribe has set itsel

ldren are doing their he

Konietsko is counting on the tribe's help in his
forthcoming moot to try and cement some of the

s he has already
he unprecedented
old and travelin
last year. The members
While his inter
cannot bring them:
finding violent solutions to every

Red Talons

The rage of Europ.
heir cou

{. To this end, he hus

of leaving his Carpathian

10 the Swiss sept twice in the

sept remain wary, though,
seem honorable enouyh, they

Red Talons burns with an

ally built on, plo

Jeaver-laced f
dens boca

at humans
andi: The
0 its few remaining caemns deep in the
mountains of northern Spain, in the centerof tay and

63


|

eZ

Finland, Poland,

c very eastern fringes of Euro
i, Hungary and Romania.

e Talons had in the Balkans.
effort the tribe opened k
the one of their caems, deep in
bia. Not a single member of the packs that went
through return

Hard on the heels

moon bridge

thar blow to the tribe came
another sign that they had to.act soon oF lose Europe
forever. A year ago a fone wolf, striking out into
Seimdinavia from Kussts or Finland somehow found a
mate and started breeding, The new pack was sighted
by humans, and received coverage in the local media,

The response of the locals was swift and brutal:
they did theit best ro killall the cubs andivéty nearly
succeeded. One of the cubs underwent itsfitstchange
as its brothers and sisters were slaughtered anditore
the huncers a

[The fitened and connec wd ou by 9
pack of Talons and taken én by a Binmish sepioilts
parents and their further litters.qene watched nid
prorected from afne by paeks (agen the sept all,
they were Kinley

The elders of the tril met in setter shortly ifter-
wards. They teccived! am emissity from the Shadow:
Lords, wh spoke OF the hiivians' Yeaction to the
slauglivetand theft calls (ofthe remaining wolves to be
hunted down' The emissary also spoke of her own
tribe's growing ingolerance of the humans and theit
despogling wayseSe spoke of the war in the Balkans
and the danage humans were doing ence more to
Mother Gals; She offered the help of the Shadow
Lords ineécoveriny the Talon's Balkan caerns and she
made a surprising suggestion. The time had come, she
said, to reinstate the Impergium. The Red Talon
elders, while approving of the sentiment, refused to
ally themselves with a miheso thoroughly infused with
a human concept like politics,

The the destruction of the river Tista, A
small Talon cern near the banks of the river fell to the

aol by cine vyantite pollen. Thee Tale
‘ons, furious a¢ this massive desecration of nature by
ttn, accepted the Shadow Lords' proposal.

In the months vince, villages in northem Spain,
iwolited cndinavia sind the rural arens of
Eastern Europe have been "culled" by the tribe. With
each strike the tribe grows more confident but the Veil
wears little bit thinner. Folk memories of werewolves
ruin deep in the people af Europe anil it wouldn't rake
much for the penecution of the few wild wolves
remaining to start all over again,

arts of

Gilent Striders

‘The wandering tribe hus never had much time for

Europe. Their traveling Kinfolk have been persecuted

by the natives repeatedly throughout history, which
hardly. eridear, the seucaens to.theStriders.

"That, smote aggressivestarieeon the
CBatengobletineederit vers has seen anore nd more
Silent Striders spending brief periods with septs of
other tmibes: They stay just long, enough to help the
septdestroy a vampire or two and then move on. There
is no hame to be found foro Silent Strider in Europe:

Silver Fangs

‘The Silver Fangs are in terminal decline in Eu-
rope, and Inve beet for cenwuties. House Winter
Snow's attempts to dominate the Fianna and Get of
Fenris in the 17th century nearly handed England to
the Black Spiral Dancers and destroyed much of the
tribe's credibility in the eyes of European Garou. The
house's fall went largely urmourned.

With the Shadow Curtain in place, the European
Fangs were cut off from theie Russian homelands and
their descent from power accelerated. House Austere
Howl, which replaced Winter Snow in the UK, slowly
rotted from within. Its Kinfolk, infected with blood
from Spiral Kinfolk. bred werewolves with a marked
rendeney to fall to the Wyem. Queen Mary, the young
Scottish Ahroun who rules the house, eventually fled
her caem in Edinburgh to Tara in Ireland to beg the
Ard Righ of the Fianno's help. More of her house had
fallen to the Wyrm than the few remaining members
could hope to deal with, she claimed. Reports had
already reached the Council of Song that the Fang's
Dublin cacm had fallen to corruption and Mary was
able to confirm that fallen members of her own house
were to blame, The temaining members of Austere
Howl fought alongside tho Fisting to cleanse-the caern
and it remains their last holding.'

However, Maty did not tell the Fiano the while
truth. House Gleaming Eye, whose stronghold is in
France, his become obsessive in its hunt for Wyrm-
eotruption. Having purged the, taint within, its own
ranks, if tamed om Austere Howl, and declared the
whole house Wyrm-tainted»The Dover and Bath
caerns fell to chachouse's onslaught. Maryis counting
on the Fiannn to protect her house from outright
destruction.

House Wise Heart has all but disappeared from
Europe. However, a few mumbere have recently reap-
peared in Greece, pledging their support co the Black
Furies in dealing with the Wyrm beast thar many
suspect is gathering strength in Serbia,

64 A World of Rage

te nine


em A SL

Stargazers

The Stargazers of Eufpe are surp
‘ous, especially when the tribe's scant overall numbers
are taken into account. Indeed, few of the other tribes
realize quite haw many Ofthem there are throughout
the continent. lesan easy mistake co make: they hold
no caems-anywhere on the coftinenpsind rarely stay
{ong with any local sept

Instead, cht' Srangazers chose co live in the cities
of Europe, close tajthe aplties of the Weayer, which
many members of the tite $els the Garou's true
encimy. Members of both the Kiwital Puk and
Ouroborims camps can be found throughout the
Eurohub area. There they Watch andilearn the ways of
theit eneiny. Rew places an eatth offer suthan exten-
sive area $6 calcified intaithe web,

The tribe dées recognize the dinger of so many of
its members,spending much of theit time in close
proximity tothe Weaverythough. Atleasttwice year,
all members of the tribe Who can be contacted travel
toone of the few Wyld plages left in Europe. Once they
have centered themselvegfully once more, they return
co their meditations in the great cities of Europe:

Uktena

An Uktena in. « European gern is a tare sight
indeed. However, these ever-caitious Garou do travel
the world, drawn by their desire for knowledge. A
handful has friveledte Scotland and the Balkans, and
servesas advisors to the Giou efforts to deal with the
xcowing Wyrmeinfestarions ih those-lands. After all,
few know Banee like this tibe and both lands have
Banes aplenty.

Runs-the-Sky, an elderly Theurge, has been qui
ily collecting tales ofthe recent battles in Scotland
from the Fianna and Fefrie Galllands and has made a
worrisome connection. All Ok place after the red
sat, Anthelios, first appeared in. the Umbral skies.
What this portends, he doesn'e yet know, but he
intends to find out and is slowly winning che trust of
packs in the area to further his aim,

Wendigo

Ac isd6ubefl thatthere have ever been more than
‘0 ot three, meuibers OF this tribe in Europe at the
Same tine, What reason have the members.of-the

Wendigo for visiting the homelinds of the

‘Wynncomers?, Theyyhave'their hands full fighting
comiption on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean,
Let the Europeans ight their own battles

Chapter Two: Eurasia OS

LLL aT

Other Changing Breeds

Europe was the primary battleground of the Warof
Rage, Here the Changing Breeds felt the rage of the
Garou most keenly, and here most died. The Grondr,
werebours whowere Gaia'scleanersand roomers,had
their lase stand on the continent

handful that surv eteron the hrink of extine-
tien, The test of he Bastet tetived fromm the concinent
to safer lands elsewhere.

In the centuries si
Garou and the sheer
prowling Europe's nig
suade the Changing Breeds from trying to re

Only the Ceilican tri
and then only for their ann
Scottish moors, This may k oved their unde
though. The last revel was disrupted unexpectedly by
forecof Black Spiral Dancersand fomori. W

an tonight with a fury thar their wi

enow

the heavy presence of the

the continent,
in revel on the

Kin
would be proud of, most died. A few were capeured

‘Some of the captives chose to serve the Wyrm. Mast
died — eventually

lessly long ago. Very few survived long enough to
participae in the werebears' withdrawal from the
world. S

hl were husnte

aves in the Alps, Pyrene
8. Their numbers ate ev
in other pares of the world ani
clear of the werewolves
Pechapstheonly other shapeshifters tobe foundin
any numbers in Europe are the Corax and Rakin
Corax are range across the continent, witha particular
stronghold in London. The Tower of London has long
served as meeting point for the children of Raver
well as a point of contact between them and the
restless de
The wwhailes infest nedely
city on the continent. Deep under Pai
edge of the Eurahub, resides Madame D
Great-Grandmere of Europe. From the sewers of
the city she dircets her children in their efforts to
bring the chaos of the Wyld back to an ever more
-ridden Europe
‘Coyotes, of course, are never found outside 2008,
tbur persistent rumors place a Nuwisha in Scotland. A
few Corax have even claimed that he plays in a pipe:
and, but nobody believes a word of that

they steer well


‘The Forces of the Wyrm

The Wyrm recognizes no political boundaries in

its relentless corruption of The Realm. While three
ral regions of B

foci for
‘beepreseny
$f Europe) They
worldwide picture.
the continent wasithe
‘cesses: the fall'ofan exytine

jon's efforcs at the mome:

any grand scheme for the corrupts

more pi

are metely a fe

However, lest we fo
of one of
ribe of wer

Black Spiral Dancers

There's no place like hom There'siio place like
home. Soom, there will be no place like iwc
Mann'ger, Scots Black Spiral Ragabash
The Black Spirals were born in Europes While
the
theyh

roughour the
concept of homeland belifid,
over theéontinent
birth and they

have

anted recurring v
1 che wacers of a gre

s of a ereanure
ly

ee 7

they m: he connection berween that and le
Cirigh the Crest:
that the tribe summoned in the
entered the Corrupte

The coibined efforts of the Fianna,
Fangs and th Fenrir drove the malevolent «
which they knew as Atd Cruimh Beithfoch, back t
the Mile-Déep Loch 00 The
Black'Spiralls Theurges interpret the recent visions
signs thatt Cirigh is close to waking once more and thi
they should do everything in their power tok

Frangescd,the rribe's representative
board was able to press for aggressive
sion into the Ne

cor of the Wyrm
y days after it

art

he Pentex

on expan:
nil industry. Packs from all
Overthe world converged on Scotland to help the few
Dancers who remained there Chui
take back two.caems they h: ries ag
These were the Gloom ‘orrow Caem, set be:
twéenithé two burns (a Scots name for river) of the
Same name in the Ochils and the long-abandoned
Night's Eye Caern near Caithness. The bawn of th
latter was being used on a yearly by
had been Spirale were fore

The name Caithness,

aidon it c
ically, mean
The next step, ob

ix ‘at people"

usly, isto deal w


eA ft

busy gathering the intelligence and numbers necessary,
to make their assault work.

The Balkans

The misery, terror and death that nearly a de:
cade of violence has wrought in the Balkans has
turned it into a breeding ground for servants of the
Wyrm. Banes, from Kalus to Paychomachie, flocked:
to the area, drawn by che misery that the humans
inflict on each other.

The despnir the victims feel and the callous
ness of many of the soldiers on all sides of the
conflict have driven many co fall prey to Banesand
be reborn as fomori. A good portion of the deser:
tions from the armies involved is the result of these
new fornori transterring to seve under new gener
als in the Wyrm's legions.

A bigger problem faces the Garou, though. The
centuries of conflict here have steadily been feeding
Jo‘cllath'mattric, aservancof Beast-of-War that was
defeated millennia ago and bound deep in the earth
of the land now called Sethia, The decade-long feast
of nffering it hacheen served yp hac awakened it It
has sensed the birth of a new like-minded creature
in the aftermath of the Tisza disaster and is arrempe-
ing to contact it, The Tisea spirit has more than
enough power to disrupt the millennia-old ward:
holding Jo'ellath'mattric

When i does so, even Kenietcko's nascent alli
ance may not be able to stand against it

Che Black Forest

The Ger speculate wildly as tw the reason the
Black Spirals seem to he sod mined to take thé
ofthe Blood Fist. They lirtlesuspect the ruth, Crat'ath,
ick Spiral Ahroun, is the bearer of a Wyrm fetish
led the Blightseed. This rotted acorn seed has the
ability to turn even the most powerful caem into a
Blight. It also tormenes the holder with visions tha
tive him to attempt to capture the nearest caern soit
can fulfil its purpose

Whine Grorr'ath docen'esealise isthar ie would give
him similar visions of any caer he was in close
proximity to, He hasn't strayed far from the
Schwanwald in the last five yearsand so he hasn''thad
the opportunity co discover this. He remains obsessed
hac the Wyrm wants hia to take this
casts, and he won't rest until he does so.
station has spread far through the tunnels
ot his tribe, and he is rarely short of willing
warriors to cake part in this great crusade. [ti only a
matter of ime hefore he is victorious

Chapter Two: Eurasia

ata

Pentex

‘Where chere is demand, Pentex will supply in its
‘own, unique fashion. In Europe it has found a market
of ever-growing demands. Asan example, Europ
hunger for junk food just as much as
OTolley's was quick to capitalize on that, expanding
into the UK in the 1970s under the brand name Mr
Burger. From there it has made significant in-roads
into mainland Europe.

‘The megacorporation'snewest target:
ing economies of the former communist countries
pe Ue oe aaa
tw most European count ies; their populations hunger
for Western brands andipoods as status symbols.

Tndeed, the new comaictetalmarkers inf Eastern
Buropehave proven tebe a majarbusiness opportunity
for Pentex, which has alwaysfound goininga foothold
fn Europe 1 slow frustrarinyg business. Its gubsidiar
have been quick to invest money where Butope:
‘companies haye been reluctant ti do so. Consol idex
‘Worldwide's Real Estate Investment Trust has been
pumping money into building developments such us
‘ewoffice blocks and shopping ceriters anvmany cities,
including Bodapest, Bocharest and Bratislava. The
construction methods used in che building of these
schemesieernt6 involve unhealthy amountscf chemi
alb being used to "seal the foundatigins" Still, the
Atericans must know what they're doing, 1
They've been huilding schemes like thisover there for
decades ind must know the best wary of doine tt

‘Acguick peek into the Penuimbra quickly puts
paid to chat argument. The developments become
the core of Blights, which rapidly spread to infect
furmunding areas, Sometimes Weayer snd Wyrm
spititsfight for control of the cetritary. More often, a
fwisted fuston of both emerses,

Endrin Gil fuss invested heavily in the North Sea
Oll fields Over the Hist few yen, with predictable
results for the aquatic life and the surrounding shore
lines. The ever more frequent "accidents" which re-
lease crude oil into the sea have finally come to the
attention of the Kokea, who are oceasipnally seen in
waters around northem Europe.

Black Dog Games' products are sold mainly
specialty stores in the UK. However, they
areeven on mainland Europe, pa
larly in France and Spain, where local companies
sell translated versions and produce original mate~
rial under license. Both of the . inciden-
tally, are partially owned by Vesuvius, Inc., yet
another Pentex subsidiary

67


ee AA

King Breweries products are brewed under li-
cense by many breweries across the continent. One
brandot lager, King's Special, whilea very small seller
inthe US, has become the drink of choice of football
fansatsoccer matches throughout Europe. The secret
added extras that the license agreements with King
specify as part of the production process might well
have something. o with the hooliganism that
afflits many matches, Garou have certainly noted an
unusual number of fomori who chant the names of
football reams as they attack.

Leeches

The vampires are also an ever-present threat
Many are old and terrible compared to their New
‘World counterparts: Europe's cities hold the lairs of
vampires that were ancient when the oldest Elder
Gitou's great grandparent was apap, These canny and
powerful monsters have centuries of exp.
surviving

ce in
J, on the rare occasions when they'te
ced into physical confrontations, more than enough
raw power to back up that experience.

Several years ago a single vampire was able to
destroy several packs of Fianna and Bone Gnawers in
central Londan, Swift action by a pack of Glass Walk
crs tharurrived on the scene just too late to participate
¢ evidenice, including nearly
1 dosen Garou corpses. Thanks to the Delirium, the
few witnesses around Charing Cross Road in the wee
small hours were left with memories of a particularly
"i us fight berween gangs of drunken football fins.
The fate of the creature isstill unknown and the Glass
Walkers of the city are nervously making preparations
for its reappearance.

Tres incidents like this th
to leave the cities to the Glass Walkers and Bone
Gnawers. After all, there are plenty of ather
Wyrmspawn to be dealt with before these Leeches.

use most of the tribes

This is, naturally, shortsighted in the extreme. As the
grow, and many member of the urban tribes
avord picking fights with these uncient predators, the
vamp

citi

are winning by default. Each new housing
of out of town business park takes a litle more
rory from the Garou and hands:

However, even in the countryside one can'tavoid
the undead entirely, The Shadow Lords have heen
fighting a group of Leeches that live in and around the
Carpathian Mountains foras long as they have been in

the land, Neither side has yet gained aclear dvantage
aver the other

As they finally destroy one vampire lord and his
oficing, another seems to rise in another part of
Easter Europe. Skirmishes between packs of Garou

and gangscf twisred, vicious young varapires are con
mon, Many rites of passage for young werewolf packs
focuson dealing with such gangs by fair means or foul.

Inthe farnorth, feral vampires ace common, many
of whom wander through the forests and mountains of
the region. The Ger of Fenris take great delight in
testing theie strengeh and combat skill againse them
and even greater delighe in tearing aparcevery last one
they can get their claws on.

Russia

J cannot forecast yon the actions of Russia. Irisa riddle
swrupped in a mystery inside an enigma,

— Winston Churchill

Massive in sise and ethnically diverse, Russia's

werewolf population is at ones es ae
ld in

ro Western Garou.

world increasingly. the Weaver, forcen-
turies Russia's Garou succeeded in isolating'the coun-
ry from the changes in the West, maintainin,
(ile ale AE alge ac NBY ocher Exo:
pean power. All eptnia al ‘and with cata-
clysmicresultsoyer the last 8Oyears, however, making
Russia one af che most polluted and Wyrin tainted)
ountries/in the world, The'story of this fall is both
tragic afd immense ingcope, With the appearance of
the Shadow Curtain nd the rise of Baba Yaya in the
carly 1990s, Russia's supernatural activities occurred
behind an invisible wall, disappearing almost com-
pletely from the world stage — now.

History
Beginnings

Slavic tribes first migrated to Russia from the West
in large numbers during the Sth century AD. Scandi-
navian chieftains established the first Russ
dluring the 9th century in Novgorod and the Kieven
Rus (modera day Ukraine). The first major figure to
unify the Rus was chief named Rurik, Kinfolk to the
Fenrir. This caused conflict between the Fenrir and
the Silver Fangs, who saw Russia as their domain, «
conflict not resolved until many years larer when
Silver Fang Kinfolk ascended to the throne ofthe tsars.
Ruxik's descendant, Oleg, moved the capital to Kiev,
attacked Constantinople in 941 and subsequently
signed a teary in 944. This began commerce between
the Rus and che Byzantine Empire and, not inconse-
quentially, opened Russia to vampiric powers from the
‘West. From that time forth, much of Russian Garou
history has found them at odds with the vampires, or
uppr (to.use the Russian name), The growing interna

A World of Rage

ime <amemet

AT,


ee A

The Zmei

Some say the Zmei are the most terrible and
desmictive Wyrm-things to take physical form.
The horible thing is thar this claim cannot be
easily disproved. The Grest Zmei are dragons of
the Wyrm, monsters that were summoned into the
world long go to do bartle with hideously
powerful enemy, There were seven of them then:
Gregomous, Rustarin, Trevera, Sharkala, Shazeatr,
Ilyana and Goluko. Over the years. the Russian
Garou were able to slay one — Sharkala — and
bind the rest, although ae great cost. The Zmei
were — anv are— that powerful.

And now, rumor has it, a many aa four of the
six surviving Zmei have awakened — and they
seek to wake the rest,

Statistics for the Zmet are not given; even one
se monsters is capable of challenging, even

of th

destroying the Silver Pack itself. They should be
exactly as terrifying as the Storyteller sees fit
they are, afterall, he vanguard of the Apocalypse

donalism of early Kieven Rus alsodrew utterition from
the Shadow Lords in Eastern Europe and from among
the Mongol hondes, who invaded in the 13th century

Finally, trade along the Dnieper River increased the
size, opulence and sophistication of Russia's cities,

opening the door for the Warders.

The decline of Kiev, and the rise of Novgorod as
the center of Russian commerce and cultute, did not
significantly change the balance of power between the
Garou tribes except to increase the Silver Fangs' hold
‘onthe most desirable Kinfotk. The Silver Fang Kinfolk
Ivan TV, also known as Ivan the Terrible, was the first
10 officially hold the title of tsar in 1547, Ivan LV
pewonified, to some, what later became an all too
common conundrum about the Fangs themselves
Greatly expanding Russian territory and influence
during his early reign, the madness of his Later years
kalled over 30,000 people.

Peter the Great (1682-1725) extended the Rus
and in 1721 founded the imperial dynasty. As Russia's
greatness grew, and Peter accepted foreign ideas, a
second wave of alien upyr sought to capture the
aristocracy. Although the Warders benefited greatly
from the Weaver's increased presence, the Wyrm
too found a new and more commodious home in a
modernizing Russia. Silver Fang influence contin-
ued to wane, culminating in ultimate disgrace when
the vampiric pawn, Catherine the Great, ascended
the throne. Seeing enemies at every turn and prey to.

their growing madness, the Silver Fangs spiraled
further and further out of control, Each successive
regime became weaker throughout the remaining
{9th century. Little did they know thar it was 2 mere
prelude for what was to come

The 20th Century

Westernisation and modernization speead through
cout the Russian Empire during the 19th and early 20th
centuries, but the imperial powers refused to chat
with the times, stifling such Western philosophies
democratization und limn(ting industrialization (Largely
due to Silver Fang influence). While this limited the
Weaver, and hence the Wyrm's, growth during the
1800s, by the 20th century all hets were off. Major
in the Russo-Japanese War of 1905 and the First
World War weakened the 1 ind, with it
the Silver Fangs who sank into brooding inaction.
me believe that Rasputin, the mad monk who held
al family under his sway, was a ghoul whe

fer his
it

before «
n eo be Rasp
etermine which, tanyof them, istein
snenally undisputed, however,
that his assassin, a noble dandy named Felix Yusupiw
was Silver Fang Kinfolk. Before his death on Decent
ber 16, 1916, however, Rasputin predicted thae if he
ced, the royal family would yon fallow. This
reall ce rue,

became

prophecy

Revolution and Terror (1917-41)

In 1917 aserics of revolts quickly lead to rewoh
tion and the alvication of Czar Nicholas Il, endin
1000 years of Silver Fang dominance. A provisional
government lead by Prince Georgi Lvov in April fell t
the May government of Alexander Kerensky, followed
by a Communist coup led hy Vladimir Hlyich Lenin in
Navember, The Bor ind Shadow Lords lost
He time capitalizing on these events no the Silver
Fangs' disadvantage. The Wyrm's minions, especially

those among the Black Spiral Dancers, took advantage
fof the royal confusion to launch a series of attacks

against Garou interests duoughout the war-ravaged
land. Pulling disparate tribes together, the Fangs
launched some effective counterattacks but stumbled
badly while raiding a Black Spiral caemn at the Chil-
dren of Gaia's behest, The werewolves ell afoul ofthe
Zmet Shazear. The resulting carnage of this battle
weakened many tribes for years to come and permit-
nently damaged the House of the Crescent Moon's
reputation as infallible war leaders. Some also believe
thar the Children of Gata'srole in unwiteingly leading
the Fang int thie Wyrm's trap sealed their fate

Chapter Two: Eurasia 0

ES


re ft

Lenin's death in 1924 resulted in a bloody power
struggle in which Joseph Sralin emerged triumphant
‘Throughout the late 1930s Stalin's growing paranoia
ledtoaseriescf show trials, during which he purged the
government, the military and civil society. This pe-
riod, widely known as the Terror, resulted in millions
‘of deaths, Stalin's brutality, combined with his deter-
mination to turn Russia into a modem mechanized
society, virtually guaranteed that anything buileby the
Weaver would become fodder for the Wynn,

‘The Great Patriotic War (1941-45)

Despite a 1939 non-aggression pact, Nasi Gee
many launched a massive invasion of the Soviet
Union in June 1941. Early Nazi gains tore the poorly
led Soviet army to shreds, killing or capturing mil-
lions of soldiers in the war's earliest months and
coming within kilometers af Moscow. The Soviet

army traded territcry for time, at first giving way
before the Nazi Blitzkrieg. Germany's military ma-
chinery soon encountered stiff Soviet resistance and
ground to a halt in the Russian winter. The Garou
had lieth
their fortunes rising and falling along with everyone
else's. Still, patriotic Garou played thete part Iris a
comimon truism that, during the 900 day Siege of

lecisive influence ever the war'edirection,

Kursk (1943)

‘While manyin the Westremembersuch battles
wD-Day; thre size, casualties nddsheerscope of the
Russian theatre dwarfed
the outset of Operation Citadel and the Battle of
Kursk (July 1943), the German Wehrmacht had,
in all, amassed almost 1,000,000 men, over 2,500
tanks and SPGs, 10,000 field guns and 2,000
aircraft. In a single battle all ehis was arrayed
‘ainst 977,000 Soviets, 3300 tanks, 20,000 field
gauns and 3,000 aircraft. In total, over 7,000 tanks
ind other self-propelled weapons riled intora 100
by 80-mile salient around Kursk, resulting in the
largest tank battle in history and che decisive bartle
in the European Theatre. The Nazis' most elite
tank corps, which had overrun the rest of Europe
Virtually unopposed only two years before, were
mangled beyond repair in a hartle which Hitler
andmnitted made his"stomach turn aver. "Kursk also
became famous to the Garou for a far different
teason. Whether it was by coineidence or design,
ithe raged over the Umbral prison/lair of the

Zmei Gregornous. The combined bloodshed und
the mystical machinations between two potent
mages awoke the Zmei from his ancient slumber.

Leningrad, people were reduced to cating shoe leather,
rodents and the paste from wallpaper. Although
thousandsdied of starvation, many more would have
perished if the Bone Gnawers hadn't used their Gifts:
to make the food more nourishing, Similarly, chough
the Get of Fenris are often thought to have fought for
the Nazis, Russian-Varanguan Fenrir were among the
fiercest pactisans in the war and distrust the Geniman,
variety to this day. Russian winter counrer-strikes in
1941-42 and 1942-43, stopped the German advance.
During the battle for Stalingrad (now Volgograd),
the German 6th Army surrendered to the Soviet
forces, ending Hitler's plans for Russia and marking
the turing point in the war:

Cold War (1946-87)

Afcer World War Il the Soviet Union ins
the infamous"Iron Curtain" over Russia and the land
wins they made during the war. The Soviet-Bloc
included Poland, Czechoslovakia, Hungary, Ro
nia, Bulguria and Eastern Germany, all of which fell
under Russian rule. Russia saw thisasa much-needed
buffer sone; many in the Wast caw ie ar naked ggrov
sion. Under cover of this expansion, the Russian
Brujah were able to increase their holdings. The most
norabledevelopment during this time froma werewolf
Perspective, however, ws
atomic bomb iy Kazakhstan on August 29, 1949,
Hows of rage rose up from the werewolves of
Russia, especially among the Red Talons, at such
‘Wyrm-fetid device being exploded on "Russian"
soil. Instead of blaming the Wyrm or Joseph Stalin,
however, they turned their collective wrath on the
Children of Gaia, who had always counseled « path
of coexistence with man, Few Children of Gaia
now live in Russia; the survivors hide among the
Glass Walkers and the Bone Gnawers. Silver Fang
reticence to act at this crucial moment may have
been, in part, a cesult of their own bad feelings
toward the Gaians for their poor council in the
Shazear debacle during the 1917 Revolution. Re-
gardless, chic hee
eyes that the Fangs were unfit to lead
kit Khruschey replaced Stalin in 1953 and
instituced a number of limited reforms. While ac-
tively seeking co-existence with the West, Khruschev
continued to enlarge the Soviet Union's military
stockpile. Deposed ina coup in 1964, Khruschev lost
power to Leonid Brezhnev who held power through
‘out the 60s and 70s. Sovter power reached its apex
and began its inexorable fall with the ill-considered
invasion of Afghanistanin 1979 (often called "Russia's
Vietnam'), Following Brezhnev's death in 1982, two

Stalin's explosi

70 A World of Rage

————— a,


om A LS

lusterless polithuro politicians took the fore in rapid
succession (the timid reformer Andropov. 1982-84
and the old-guard Chernenko 1984-45), ending with
the ascension of Mikhail Gorbachev in 1985.

In 1987 Gorbachev inaugurated a series of re-
forms, including increased freedoms and democrati-
zation of the political process (glasnost) and eco-
nomic restru 6 (pere a), He also reached
arapprochement with the West, effectively ending
the Cold War. A number of old hard-liners —
including the vampiric manipulatorsin the Kremlin
— opposed these reforms. Major economic disloca-
tion and echnic unrest in the republics soon made
Gorbachev's position untenable

Having long since learned the secret of survival in
the Soviet Union, Russian Garou were content to sit
and await events. They did not have long to wait. In
the late winter of 1990, Baba Yaga awoke.

The Terror 1991-99
Twilight (1991-93)

Te began im the cmall hours of August 18th,
1991, While Gorhachev was on vacation in the
Crimen, a clique of Soviet insiders placed him
under arrest and attempted to gain control of the
crumbling Sovict Union by force. Tanks surrounded
the Russian White House and prepared to fire on
the purge's resistors, Hordes of ordinary Russian
citizens took to the streets to defend their new won
freedoms. Unsure ahout firing on thetr own people,
che coup-plorters' military unitsstood immobil
on August 19th as Boris Yeltsinstood astride a tank
and declared that he, as the recently popularly
elected President of the newly formed Union of
Soviet States, was taking command of the military.
Within twodays the coup collapsed, leading to the
arrest of the putschists, the ousting of Mikh
Gorbachev and the dissolution of the Soviet Un
Only three Russian citizens were killed in this near
bloodless revolt. As dramatic as these events were,
the clandestine revolution that took place behind
the scenes was far more deadly.

An invisible horror stalked the night streets of
Moscow. Visiting government dachas, fortified
military and KGB strongholds, und public muse
ams alike, the Baba Yaga and her minions purged
almost every prominent upyr in the city ina matter
of three nights. Russia's werewolves saw nothing of
the struggle — but the adversary was net com
pletely invisible. Early in the conflict the Silent
Striders had seen the first clouds of the gathering

Chapter Two: Eurasia a

Ne as

storm and had warned the other tribes ro litte
avail. Now, as they frantically scrambled to un-
cover the enemy's movements, the horror stalked
them individually. By che end of the war the Strid-
‘ers would have made an invaluable contribur
but they would also pay a heavy price. A

It was not long before Russian Garou be;
realize that something was very wong indeed. In
early 1992 the Gauntlet became mysteriously stron
gerand more treacherous, largely cutting the Garoa
off from the Penumbra and the rest of the world.
‘This barrier was quickly termed the "Shadow Cur-
tain," and its effects were crippling. Certain cacrns
began to flutter, falter and die — although not ull
to be sure, and not at once. While other caerns
across the country were drained of their Gnosis and
septs: {iby Bane attacks, the Glass Walkers
and the Bone Gnawers went ab their a
athed. This did not go unnoticed,
1¢ Red Talons who were under in:
creasing pressure by well-armed hu ms consist
ing of both vampires and human mages. The whis-
pered campaign against the Glass Walkers was at
least partially traceable to the Shadow Lords, who
could not resist the opportunity co weaken their
urban rivals. The hostile tribes charged that the
Glass Walkers; with their alien Weaver-pun ways,
had sold out Russia's Garou and had made dark pacts
with whatever por ining the caerns, T)
Glass Walkers' relations with the Talons co

Night (1994-96)

ingher power overtheupyrand
Curtain, the Baba Yaga now

turned her baleful ga
1994 she commenced amajor offensive
¢ whom she saw as descendants of hy
enemies — the ancient hogatyrs, In a series of m
lightning strikes, the ag decimated several of
the weakened and divided septs. The attacks were

methodical. concentrated and utterly effective. leav-
ing dead in their wake many of Russia's best

bravest Garou. Where her forces encountered rest
tance, it was in small pockets that soon fell before
the concenrrared strength of her "armies." Loss after
loss weakened the Garou Nation as several tribes
bore the brunt of her fury, Despite their outward
strength, Russia's ruling criumvirate of tribes — the
Silver Fangs, Ger of Fenris and Black Furies

quickly found themselves under siege. Hardly a
manth went by when each tribe didn't lose some


ee

valued member or nother. The other tribes: di-
vided, embittered by years of avistule or simply
playing it safe, were reluctant to come ta their aid

Silver Fang leadership seemed to be comprised of
«group not unlike one would have expected ta find
during the early times of legends. Chief among these
were ChasesStreet-Demons (heroic wielder of the
Twin Swords of Lothar) Piotr Volk (legendary leacer
of the great Sept of the Crescent Moon) and Arkady
(who possessed the purest blood and keenest claws the
family had seen in generations). Also, with such allied
military luminaries as Mother's Pride of the Furies,
Anton Nordenskald of the Fentit and Chien Sun of
the Stangazers advising the Fangs and — other tribes
prayed — monitoring their maxiness, the werewolves
still had a reasonable hope of victory. Other signs were
Jess hopeful. Arkady had miraculously escaped the

Baba Yaga, the Wyld
and the ‘Woe

Retore the rsars, hefore the Kievan princes or
teven the eauliest tribal chieftains, there was the
Baba Yaga. Sorceress, reacher and healer, she wits
iw one with Gaia and wandered the land, attend-
ing mnifold hurts and sicknesses. [n the silent
night of the early world, however, « shadow fell
upon her, devouring hee light and tuming her
tmind to darker pursuits. Though stil a creature of

re wilderness at heact, sie now found that those
creaturesand spirits who once listened to hersong
now fled before her in stark terror, In the hour of
herdespauracool, sibilancand soothing voice told
het how the Wyld would once more serve and
adore her — for a price.
the Wyrm soon found anally every
bie lc 10 its corruption as the early
anificersof the Weaver. The Baba Yaga, however,
‘was no mere pawn to be bent to the Wyrm's will
A truly ancient being with power nearing that of
a Mac Inara. she was acre: of the Wyld.
corrupt crue, but with her own vision of Russia's
future. The! at least once, part of that
future, As the hag's agents approached them,
however, most violently rejected her overtures,
ng her as an abomination to Gaia. Since that
time, the hag did not wholly give up trying to
gather her crrant "children" to her side, though,
those whe od her provoked her wrath. Crea
tures of Gaia as she once was, the Garou were

Inthehs

nevertheless impediments to her vision of Russia
They would convert or die,

‘Shadow Curtain and sought aid among the American
Fangs of House Wyrmfoe, only to be rebuffed. Despite
the horrors he knew he would face upon his return, be
dutifully came back to Russia with his sorrowful news
The Russian Garou could expect no help from the
decadent familiesofthe West; they were on their own,
Inthe time-honored tradition of Russian warfare,
the Garou traded territory for time, losing several
caems and many lives as they sought to organize
themselves into a cohesive fighting force. Defeats
mounted, but by late 1995 the Fangs and their allies
had built the foundation for survival and a counter
offensive. Still, all was not well among them. The
‘Wyrm of Corruption fed on the leadership's Harano
and despair. Most deeply bitten was Piotr Volk. Ances-
tor spirits had spoken of the Firebird Crystal, a mighty
tribal artifact reputedly losto the Durk Umbra. Volk's
every waking hour fixated on the item and he diverted
some of his greatest warriors away from the war in
search of the item. Many did not return, buteventually
his niece Tamara Tvarivich, a potent Theurge and
member of the Ivory Priesthood, returned with the
Firebird Crystal. Volk proved unequal to the task of
wielding the device, however, and was found a drool-
ingimbecile in hisinnersanctum. Control of theeaern
fell tohis untested niece. Besides her leadership abili-
ties und stracegic sensibilities, the young Theurge had
one other thing going for her: she was the direct
descendant of the Silver Fang heroes who slew the
Zmei Sharkala. In such times, pure blood like hers
sartied much weight with the demoralized Fangs
Meanwhile other tribes found both vietory and
disastrous defeat while going italone. The Wendligo,
though geographically limited, bit into the has's
outstretched claw so deeply that her minions had to
withdraw from much of Siberia by early 1995. This
was, perhaps, the first true victory of the war and 2
sign that the hag could be beaten. Nevertheless, the
actual damage to the vampire was negligible and her
strikes throughout the rest of Russia went on un-
abated. The Wendigo leader, Blood-on-the-Wind,
went on an omborey to the House of the Crescent
Moon, but was ambushed and killed on the way
Blaming the Silver Fangs, the Wendigo refused to
take any expanded role in the hostilities.
Weakened by past violence, the Children of Gais
had little to contribute save thele wisdom and, with
previous mistakes still remembered by both elve Fangs
and the Red Talons, they often found their advice
unwelcome. Sull, there were those who would listen
The Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers had fours
useful ally when they had taken the Children of Gata
into their caeens. For pacifists, the Russian Galans had

2 A World of Rage

LOLA TS TE LT


ae AA ee

sv astute tactical sense of the enemy's psychology and
advised their two protectors with keen precis
late 1996, mnuch to the War Council
Walkers were openly attacked. Though this served
finally diminish the taint of suspicion thathungaround

them and draw them actively into the conflict, the
narur rtack wasd cating. Ina move almost
of vampir erself paid a visit to the Sept

the Learning Hall in Moscow. Of the 40 sept membe

still in the vicinity at the time. Not a sing!
(Boris
ilass Walkers had
Gaians and moved most of their
Moscow to St. Petersburg,

ive. If the €
pot list
oper

could have gone

ings
ill, alinost atretncie fie
died in a sing!

the tribe was now at war

winter's

Other tribes, too, saw 1996 as. low point

war. The Uktena were determined t y our

war at costs, ite direct pleas from both

Silver Fangs and the Red Talons. Now one of Baba
Spirie

proposition. The war was
ut the Uktena and their
intrigued the h

They would

if they would show her how to
reverse the Rite of Draconic Binding that held the
beneath their caern. Such an overture
incient wisdom, hi
Sarow; the Uke

na tore her
in reply the Banctenders
ne under a fierce attack that left over a

dead, forcing their leader, Ur-
alliances among the European tribes
1¢ Shadow Lords, as always, pr
pblem for che ruling tribes. Two m
nted the Lord

he sep

snpal

red another

epre
rerests in Russia: The Sept of the

Sky, complicit in the Red Talons' slaughter
of the Children of Gaia and suspected of Wyrm-taint,
festered like a brooding sore in the Ukraine. Consid
a viable war target by the ruling troika, the sept
aciety of Nidhogg:

 —Eduard,

enly dare
The Thund
ithern foothills of the Ura
Since the war's outset the sept leader

) Volkav, contiaued with the
iol. The S

yor dissent a


eA

mysterious but timely death of Father Night opened
the way foranew kind of leaderamongthe tribe. Cagey
and conciliatory, Volkav's successor was an up-and-
coming Philodox rumed Anaroly Masaryk. His first
ave wit to approach the Ger of Fentis through an
expected intermediary — AlyeshaLyubov, the leader
of Russia's remaining Children of Gaia. The Gee didn't
know whether to be more dubious of the
Lord's sincerity of the Gaian's, apparendly, boundless
propensity for forgiveness. They nevertheless dutifully
ssed the information along to the Silver Fangs; the

Shadow Londs wete on buands

Despite energetic leadership by Tamara Tvarivich,
Garou confidence in theit Silver Fang tulets continued
to sink, The Get and the Furies, long their staunchest
Supporters autiered greatly a the war's forefront. The
rate of attrition had already depleted both tribes of over
1/3 of their strength. By year's end the Garou had
weathered the worst that the hag could throw ar dhem.
The death tol had been horrific, but they had survived
Now, the time had come to go.on the offensive

In 1996 two ancient families represented the
Silver Fangs in Russia. In the north there was the
great though mercurial House of the Crescent
Moon, while the Aral Sea contained an ancient
but dying acm belonging to the level-headed
Fangs of House Wise Heart. By the end of 1997
there would only be one family left.

Parry & Thrust
January — October 1997)

A cold 1997? January started our the year about as
disastrously as possible. The ers had made 2
contribution to the war effort far exceeding their
meager numbers. The most important link in this

was their leader, Chien Sun, whom his tribe
called the Mountain Wind. Throughout the war, he
had advised House Wise Hear, showing a supernanu-
ral ability to predict the enemy's movements. Unfortu-
nately, hiseyes were cast so farafleld thathe neversaw

the hand wielding the poisoned dagger that steuck him
frote behind. A slow, deck W yrm-coaia bunaed caroughy

hhim, despite the Gurou's best healing arts, Kept alive
ima state of stasis, he was out of the war ata time when
huis wisdom was needled mos.

Despite this loss, throughout the opening months
of 1997 the Garou launched u series of swift counter
tucks. To the Wyrm-spawn, victory had been a
seemingly foregone conclusion, Suddenly the Garou
scemied to be everywhere, hitting at supposedly secret
Black Spiral eacrns.or at upyr pawns, who considered
themselves all bur invulnerable in their urban cita-
dels, Indeed it soon became an unclear whether the

hadow

yy pom

Garou were prisoners within the Shadow Curtain
with Baba Yaga, ot if she was trapped inside with
them. After six months of such audacity, the hig
realized she had to go back on the offensive or face
rebellion within herown ranks, Hereyestell upon the
Seargazers and House Wise Heart.

The Srargazers' Sept of the Crystal Mind and
the allied Aral Sea Caern, maintained by House
‘Wise Heart, had not seen 2 ditect attack in over
three years. In late October 1997 the hammer fell
with all the subtlety of a thunderclap. After
fighting, ac month's end House Wise Heart
fallen; nor a member of the sept who had been in
residence survived, A few remained scattered
throughout the country, bie the family's 1,000-year
presence in Russia was effectively finished. Simulea-
neously the hag sent ndditional forces to deal with
the Wendigo who had meted out her first defeat in
Siberia. After fierce fighting which further depleted
the tribe's membership, the Baba Yaga's operatives
suffered a second bitter defeat in the frozen waste-
land. The Stargazer caer survived by ahait through
guerill sand because Baba Yaga abruptly eried
to re-deploy her forces (largely without success) to
another hot spot. From all around the country,
Banes, fomori and Black Spiral Dancers alike con-
verged by moon bridge to one location — Kush,

Kursk (Movember 1997)

The Garou knew that Kursk was once the prison
for the entropic Zmei, Gregomous Deathwing, but
subsequent observarions reported that he had left the
area since his awakening during the Second World
‘War. Now, the Silent Seriders claimed, the pigeon had
secretly come home to roost, Although tie Garou's
last major confrontation with a Zmei had encled in
disaster, the opportunity to destroy one of the hug's
areatest allies ina single swoop was too good to miss.
The leading tribes went about assembling the greatest
fighting force of Garou assembled in Russia since the
WorofRage—nearlyevery wetewolfinall ofthe land.
A carmen AB oapeitale-enype had taken hold among the
tribes. The chaotic and dispirited tribal structure Baba
Yaga had first attacked was now a disciplined and
‘motivated army, Their hacks against the Shadow Cur-
tain, the Garou were now fighting for Gaia, their
Motherland und their very survival

The Silver Fangs had once met with bitter defeat
when confronting Shazear; they had no interest in
repeating the experience. Baba Yaga's tacties hud
been brilliant in their way, seentingly random andl
virtually unpredictable, but underriding them was a
weakness born of fear und a fundamental misunder-

A World of Rage

iia 4


wh tft

standing of the modern world and Garow nature
Still, the attack on the Kursk nest was going to be an
all or nothing strategy. The plan was co attack in
waves, using potent fetishesand ancient rites to bend
moon bridges in to the source, overwhelming the
Zmei and any other Wyrm-spawn present with mas
sive force. The strategy waselegantly siraple, and the
commanding council withheld it from the rank and
file until the last moment to minimize the chance of
leak, Everything wasperfect except for one problem
— there was a spy on the high council.

‘On November 1st the werewolves made their

move. Moon bridges opened onto the hilly salient
song the wheat fields, underthe no-moon sky which,
Garou seers had foretold as the most propitious time to
attack. Giregornous had recently devastated a small
Red Talon caemn t the north and wisdom touts
believed that the Zmei would be asleep. Using the
ash blackness to their advantage, Garou scouts
ncient signs, visible only w Gaia's allies, co find
the Zmei's lair, The great necropolis was rife with the
spinitsof those who had died there in 1943, a ready food
source for the entropic Zmei. Asis often the case with
such greac Wyrm-beasts, the Zmei's > played
host to a nest of lesser entities, including: numerous
Banes and a Black Spiral hive. Taken by surprise, the
Wyrm's minions fell bac!
barrage of teeth, bullets
moned by rites seldom used, opened up rents in the
round beneath theirfeer, hurling the W yrm-spawn to
their doom, Similarly, the freesing November winds
and cooperative Wyldlings kept the region's sparse
human population away from the battle.

‘The Silver Fangs had leamed much since thetr
encounter with Shazear. The leaders of the three
‘commanding tribes knew that the hag had eyes and
cats everywhere. Thus, each commander laid part of
his or her plans in secret, Many of the packs were
mixed, cutting across eribal lines in a manner rately
seen before in Russia. The Garou now dominated the
field, bur there was no sign of Gregomous. Not lulled
by the seemingly easy victory, the Garou had cast
wards against the advene of Wyrm-spun bridges open-
ingin their mist. So ic was, when Baba Yaga sprung her
trap, that her minions found themselves expected.

In truth, the hag had lire time to prepare. Her
uisling was aware ofthe attack only shortly before the
moon bridges opened. Additionally, she found that
many of er forces were tied down by the Stangazers in
the south and by the Wendigo to the north. Expecting
aneasy victory imilarto theanes they enjoyed in years
past, the Wyrm-spawn suddenly found theraselves

Chapter Two: Eurasia

—

thrust into the meat grinder, Initially our-numbering
the werewolves by neatly five to one on the field, the
arriving attackers confidently surged against Gaia's
defenders, Fluid in attack and defense, the Garou fell
back in retreat, «drawing the hag's forces into asporadic
series of sorties. The Bone Gnawer leader, Nicholas
Zukeine, and Silver Fang hunt master, Nicola
Predarelski,led une such attack intoadarkened valley
though only the Silver Fang emerged alive. More and
‘more moon bridges opened and new
cut the enemy to pieces as attack abruptly tured to
cetreat,Itwasthen that Gregomous Deathwingawoke

Always the hag's most layal among the Zmet, he
may have awakened at Baba Yaga's behest or pethaps
simply because his dreams grew outraged by the puny
wolves who dared to breach the dragon's den. A
creature of inky blackness, the Wyrm-spirit erupted
into the moonless sky with a hurricane of spectral
wings anda scream that withered life, leaving half a
dozen werewolves dead before the battle was joined.
AAs the blackness descended, additional moon bridges
opened, disgorging even more Banes and Black Spiral
Dancers. With 100 Garou present on the fiekd, the
hag's forces no-doubt thoughe that the Garow had
tapped the last of their rese

Bur the Gaian werewolves' leaders had been
waiting for this moment. Now the remainder of the
moon bridges opened, revealing at last the tribes
tue strength as the rest of their forces swept onto
the salient, driving any opposition before them, Aa
icy opirit-galc created a ncarly impencteable ceil
Pinning the Zmei to a low altitude above the field
Lighcning strikes pierced its stygian blackness, re-
vealing its skeletal structure 1s the Garon now
aimed the majority of thetrartacks against the beast.
The Black Fury leader, Mather's Pride, tore deeply
at the creature's wing, sending it crushing to the
ground, though the ichor chat disgorged from the
cerrible rents also fatally poisoned the Abroun
Silent Striders and Fangs of the Ivory Priesthood
drained away the creature's Dark Umbral energies as
Tamara Tvarivich and Anton Nordenskald of the
Fenrir delivered the killing blows. Dismayed and
demoralized, the remaining Wyrm-spawn fled the
field, though few escaped to spread news of the hays
defeat. Over 50 Garou lay dead at the battle's end,
but many times that number of the Wyem's brood
was destroyed. In all, the year 1997 had cost the
Garou more lives than at any other time in modern
history, bur it was.also the beginning of the end for
Baba Yaga. The tide had turned.

75

— Ty,


ee Ae

The (Death of Baba Yaga (1998)

Throughout 1998 che Garou were dismantling
Babo Yaga's grandiose power structure brick by brick
Indeed, itis likely that her preoccupation with de-
seroying the werewolves left her open tomttack by her
Leech enemies. Whether Russia's upyr pursued free
dom or the hag's potent vitae, the Garou nared that
more than a few vampires were turning up dead. A
few even naively attempted co spinalliances with the
werewolves, though most of these were killed out of
hand. Attacks escalated against the Garou, but they
were increasingly haphazardand without any guiding
gy. Many Black Spiral Dancers, disilustoned by
the hag's increasingly erratic tactics, withdrew their
aid. Although they were careful to maintain the
illusion of subservience to Baba Yaga, ie seemed that
other agencies within the Wyrm's ranks now saw her
as more of a liability than an asset, The more she lost,
the more the hag lashed out, leaving a trail of death
in her wake, But the thewshing she made was of

that was, iself, dying.

Baba Yaga was one with Mother Russia,
temper extend her influcnce beyutd Rusota's a
ditional boundaries. In. these realms her knowledge
and powers failed her, and throughout the war many of
herfoesevaded herin strongholds thar eluded her lore
tn che end, die Baba Yoga stinply ran our of time and
space. In truth, her power had heen disintegrating for
a year and a half hefore she met her final demise
Almost mucha prisoner of herown Shadow Curtain
as the other supernaturals of Russia, she awaited her
death with dark equanimity. From the Garou perspec-
tive, Baba Yaga's death was alimost anticlimaetic. The
porry and chrust of war continued, but suddenly they
sensed thar their Wyrm-spawned enemies — over:
extended without che hag's backing — were suddenly
hereft of will. Something dark, ancient and cerrible
beyond even Baba Yaga's ken hitd moveds the hag was
dead, but probably not ar Garou hands, And with her
died the Shadow Curtain; Russia was free once aygain:

c: For the vampiric penspecriveofthescevents,
lghte of Propheey.}

The Present

In spite of their great victory, there ate those
amaong the tribes' more informed leadership who see
the ne; e fallout from the hav'
sand power, the Baha Yaga was in snany
profile targetand, in a sense, a know
‘Whatever destroyed her is not. Despite her
inmate genius, potent blood and magies, the hag had
been asleep for centuries andw ippedto grasp

ties ofa worldon the cusp of the 21steentury.

xomet

conruptic

there:
7%

Also, some Garou believe that, for all her Wyrm:
taint, there was an aspect of Baba Yaga (part of her
original nature) that was still friendly co the Wyld.
Some wonder if the Wyrm withdrew its support
because she had served its purpese and that now an
ever darker force waits in the wings. The Garou's
traditional enemies — those Banes, upyr and the
Black Spirals who served the hag are by no means
destroyed, though many areas are temporarily quict.

Outside the Shadow Curtain, those who knew of
the Baba Yaga's awakening saw the rise of this an:
cient vampire as, perhaps, the first step in the im-
pending Apocalypse. Foreign luminaries among the
world'ssupernatural population watched the Shadow
Curtain with trepidation, expecting dark armies to
come pouring from its inky borders at any moment
With Baba Yaga's apparent demise and the curtain's
dissolution, many sighed with telief that the worst
had not come to pass. Even the world's most preselent
lords of order could do little to detect what went on
within Russia's borders, but now believe thot what-
ever happened in 1999 has diffused the situation. The
werewolves whe have battled Baba Yaua for the past
decade, however, are not so sanguine. If Baba Y;
has died, but not at their hands, it stands to reason
that whatever could destray such an ancient man:
atrosity may well he even worse

Nevesofthe Shadow Curtain'scollapse hasspread
like wildfire. A small flood of foreign werewolves and
‘other supernatural creatures have again entered Rus-
sia, seeking to capitalize on the power vacuum left by
Baba Yaga's death. While some of these newcomers
are friendly to the Russian Garou, others may prove
to be new and potent enemies. Of course, those wha
seek to invade Russia from without would do well to
remember the lessons of other would-be conquerors

Vladimir Putin

A postscript of sores: Shortly after Baba Yaga's
death, another change occurred in Russia. On

New Year's Eve 1999, Boris Yeltsin announced
that he would step down from the Russian presi-

dency. As Russian troops tought in the Chechin
capitol, Yeltsin's successor, the 47-year-old Prime
Minister Vladimir Putin stepped into the presi
dency. While many Garou believe tl

was nominally a pawn of the Baba Y
remains to be seen if his successor is compromised
hy similar supernatural entanglements. The cnig.
matic former leader of the KGB handily won the
most recent elections an March 26, 2000; time
will tell just what he'll do with his position.

A World of Rage

JJ


x

eam ed SSG

Fornow, the Russian werewolves enjoy a briet respite
from over decade of darkness. They huve paid a
horrendous price for this peace. Almost at half their
pre-Terror numerical strength, the Russian Garou
ate still more organized, experienced and proud than
they have been in centuries. Despite the obvious
differences that still exist between them, the frac-
tured tribes are. at least for now, united once more.

The Fate of the Armies

Despite her vant personal power, the Baba Yaga
uyed agents to fulfill most of her ends, Many of these
were pawns who had lire idea that they served her
designs, Some, however, served her directly and
were used as either sledgehammer or a scalpel at her
whim. In the wake of her demise, however, ataury of
these agents died or were cast to the winds to fulfill
their own desi

The Army of Night

Mostly consisting of upyr agents, the Army of
Night did much damage to the Garou during the early
years of che Terror but seemed to go out ofits way to
en e foes other than the werewolves us the war
progressed. Highly effective against dissident vamnpis
and human mages, it wasa major blow to Baba Yag:
power when the army's "general," an ancient Leech
named Viktor, foolishly allowed himself to be caught
north of St. Peversburg during the so-called "White
Nights" (a period in June when the sun remains in the
sky for ¢wo to three weeks). The Garou unearthed him
and scattered his ashes in the Neva River. Little is
known of what has happened to the rest of this army

The Army of Conversion

The most loyal of Baba Yage's forces; this army
consisted of Banes, fomori and nofew corrupred Garou.
bed by a tocsmapict named Typhen, the Arty of
Conversion acted as the hag's "secret police," spying
onher followers and ensuring their loyalty. Nominally
subservient to Grandfather Thunder, in the wake of
Baba Yaga's death the spirit (who appears as a black
thundethead with eyes of crackling yellow lightning)
romaine a totem in several Shadow Lond sepes. inchacl-
ing the Sept of the Brooding Sky. Despite the totem's
survival, most of this army has been destroyed or
dispersed in the wake of their mistress's death,

The Army of War

This was the Baba Yaga's primary combat force
‘and its heavily armed soldiers took a serious toll on the
Garou, Consisting primarily of canted Garou and
fomori, the army was often poorly led until t fell under
the command of the Black Spiral Dancer, Snaps-at-
Shadows. Between 1994-95 the Any of War ac-
counted for more werewolf casualties than the rest of

the hag's other forces put together. Atter 1996, how-
ever, command was split between the Black Spiral
Dancer anda potent fomor named Gogol. The fomor's
halfofthe army became increasingly unwieldy and was
virtually destroyed at dows was
the comma
Heart and has survived che hng's destruction, now
ruling over the corrupted Hive of the Wasting Sea.

‘The Army of Despair

Consisting of the awakened Zmei, Wyrm crea
tures who have taken the form of dragons, the Army
of Despnir was Baba Yaga's most potent weapon
during the Terror. Now, with her death, the remain:
ing Zmei are free to do as they will, There w:
seven of these mythic beasts
Deachwang di t Kursk and the
another, Sharkala the Crue!

Jregornous

1d Trevero, Of these,only two (Shusear and
e currently awake, Trevero és trapped uty
derground, tended by Uktena who keep hin aslees
Rustarin awoke for brief periods with the Babs Yay
's destruction she now sle
re, watched over by the Black
Spiral Dancers of the Hive of the Wasting
Goluko, horribly scurred by a nuclear test, writhes
still in his bonds in the remote Tuitnyr
despite repeated Blick Spiral attempts to wa

‘The Army of the Arcane

Little is known about this chantry of mag
bound mages. Responsible forthe upkec he Sh
Curtain, itisobviousthat they have failed inthis task

The Army of the Void

Summoned by Baba Yoga, it is believed that the
demonic "Blood Angel" and his spirit minions have
departed this plane and the nearby Penumbra. The
line between the Wyrm and the infernal is hard to
measure and Russian Garou know little abour his role
during the Terror, though most of his actions were
subele rather than overt,

Geography
Riksta this Tagger Soenpaitent of whist wi fore

merly the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR)
anid isthe biggest country in the world. Irextends from

of Kazakh and the Peopl

Republic of China in the
south, and from the Byelorussian and Ukrainian former
republics in the west to the Pacific Ocean in the east

Russia coversan area of 6,592,800 square milesiand has
«population of approximately 146,393,000 people, In
the northem areas of Russia, trecless arctic tuna is

Chapter Two: Eurasia 7

in


|

ee AA

prevalent, while Siberia ispredominantly composed of
Swampy, coniferous forests or "taiga." Southern Russia
Consists of steppes while its central portion contains &
deep, forested belt, The Ural Mountains divide the
country into, and western portions, with the
easter region aining the majority of Russia's
territory, Russia's major rivers include the Volga and
the Don to the west of the Urals. and the Yenises,
Amur, Lena and Ob to the east. Climaetie conditions
range from the subtropicitl shores of the Black Sea to
the permanently frozen Arctic latitudes.

The Ukraine covers 233,100 ayuare miles and
hhas a population of $9,811,174. Part of the great East
Eutopean Plain, most of the country is covered by an

c black soil perfect for the cultivation of grain.
iy mourtusinous ates include the Carpathians in the
southwest and the Crimean Chain in the south.
Traditionally linked to Russia, the Ukraine too was
covered by the Shndow Curtain and was the site for
the great battle of Kursk,

Major Cities

Russia's capitol, Moscow, has a porn of
8,368,449 (1995 est,}. The next three largest cities are
Si, Petersburg 4,252, 105; Nichniy Novgorod 1,375,570
and Novesibindk. Also frequently included in this isis
Kicy. the capitol of the Ukraine, with a popalarian of
2,630,000. Other Ukrainian eities include Kharkov
1,545,000 and Daipropetrovsk 1,147,000

Ethnic Groups

Russia contains numerous ethnic groups, Of these
the Slavs are by far the largest, representing approxi
mately 754 of the population, The second most popu:
lous group is Turko-Tartar, descendants of the 13th
and 14th Century Mongol invaders. The Crimean and.
Kazakh Tartars live west of the Urals while the Baskir,
(Chuvasch, Tartar, Yakut, Oirot and Altai peoples are
concentrated to the east. The third largest ethnicicy
includes the Japhetic peoples (Chechen, Kabardian,
Balkar and Cherkess), while the fourth major group is
the Finno-Ugrian group which shares cultural ties to
the Turkish and Hungarian peoples. Other groups
ude the Jews, Mongolians, Greeks, Rroma, Kore-
ins, Kurds, Chinese, Cheschsand Arabs. The Wendiga
have found a home among the Chukchi in the noreh-
poople related te the Native North Americans.

Caerns

There are (i numiber of cnerns in Russia, of varying
power and influence, though after the machinations of
Bab . there are considerably fewer than there

east,

once were. A mysterious draining destroyed some
cers ourright while weakening others. Rumors of an
artiface thar might restore the eaers to life has raised
some hope, but has so far come to 1 fruition.

Blood of the Sea Sept

(Caer: Unpopulated region on the shore ofthe Black:
Level: +

Gauntlet: 5

Type: Wyld

Totem: Pegasus

Tribal Structure: Black Fury, but open to others by

invitation,
Leader: Tatiana (Ahroun, homid)

Firebird Sept

Caern: The walled monastic city of Zagorsk, upproxi-
mately 70km northeast of Moscow.

Level: 3

Gauntlets 3

‘Type: Wisdom

‘Totem: Ficcbird

‘Tribal Structure:SilverFang, commanded by Arkady.
Leader: Arkady (Ahroun, homid)

Sept of the People's Till

Caern: Gorky Park in Moscow.

Level: 3

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Visions:

Totem: "Marx," a city father-like totem representing
the more egalitarian renets of Communism.

Tribal Structure: Open but currently administered by
Bone Gnawers.

Leader: Power struggle between the street factions of
Alcksandr Chesnokov (Ragabash, lupus) an the gow
emment faction of Gregor Tomsky (Galliard, hornid)

White Sea Sept

Gasven Lseacsid on che sho ofthe While Bea aie
distance from Archangel.

Levelt |

Gauntlet: 4

Type: Stamina

Totem: Unicorn

‘Tribal Structure: Children of Gaia, but open to Bone
Grunwers and Glass Walleers. This caeen seas parcally
drained before the death of Baba Yaga,

Leader: Alyostia Lyubov (Philodox, homid)

8 A World of Rage

aa

TT,


Che Sept of Fafnir's Brood Sept of the Kilakac:

gion nearSt.Petersburgonthe — Cuernt S:

re spirits of those

others are
was partially

Tribal Structure: Red Talon, but open to lupus of
other tribes

Leader: Tundra Runner (Galliand, lupus

Thunderstrike Sept

in the western foothills of the sour


‘Totem: Grandfather Thunder
Tribal Structure: Shadow Lovds
Leader: Anatoly Masaryk (Philodox, homid)

Sept of the Brooding Sky

Caern: An out-of-the-way comer of the Ukraine,

Totem: Typhon
Tribal Structure
Leader: Eduard

Shadow Lords.
vun-Curset (Philodox, homtid)

Sept of the Crescent Woon

ral Mountains.

Level: 5
Gauntlet: 2

Tribal Structure: Silver Fangs, buc open to others by
fnvvitation,

Leader: Queen Tamura Tvarivich (‘Theurge, homid)
of the Ivory Priesthood.

Sept of the Crystal Mind

Caen: A crystal gro
Mong

beneath amountaintep temple,
an border.

Totem: Chimera

‘Tribal Structui

Stargazer, bur open ta others by
invitation, Thiscacen was partially drained before the
death of Baba Yaga. Ie is sill sinking faster after her
death and many associate this with the illness oF its
leader, Chien Sun.

Leaders Chien Sun (Ge nid) iscaurently ino
coma. The acting k dering Palo homid)
from Tibet's defunct Sepr of the Snow Leopard.

ept of the Spirit Stone

small Yakut village located in the Siberian

3
sis

Uktena

Tribal Structure: Ukcena ward this; it is closed to all
others except Stargazers:
Leader: Ut-Sala Ghost-in-the- Mist (Theurge, homid)

Sept of the Siberian Wilds

Caern: Hidden deep within the arctic northeast,
renighly 70 miles inland from the Bering Sea.

xclusively Wendigo
akha Silver-Water (Philodox, metis)

Sept of the Winter Forest
Caern: A glade deep in the notthern Siberian:

forests

Level: 4

Gauntlet: 3

Type: Fertility

Totem: Stig

‘Tribal Structure: Red Talon, though lupus Garou
of other tribes may occasionally enter.

Leader: Redjak (Philodox, lupus)

Black Spiral Pits

‘The Dancers have used the hag's power to gain
several formerly Gaia consecrated caems and t0
strengthen ethers: Hany have benefited from Babs
Yaago's reign of retro it is the Black Spiral Dancers.
Although many of them ultimately broke faith with
ther, herdeath came too suddenly for her tofully punish
their trsachery.

The Hive of the Glowing Sea

Caemn: A sunken nuclear sub off Novaya Zemlya.
Level: $

Gauntlet: 4 (Slightly higher than normal because of
heavy Weaver presence.)

Mypat FAljrene

Totem: Kraken

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers and other
Wyrm-creatures.

Leader: Sergei Kozyrev (Ragabash, homid)

‘The Hive of the Unleashed Atom

Caern: The Chemobyl nucleurreactar in the Uleraine
Level: 3

(Slightly higher than normal because of
presence.)

80 A World of Rage

OE


ae A

Totem: G'louogh, the Dance of Corruption
‘Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers and other

Wym-creatutes.

Leader: Ivan Balefire (Theurge, metis)
Dzrozhdeniye (Renaissance Island)

‘Caern: Renaissance Island ts in the Aral Sea on the
order hetween Usbekistan and Kazakhstan. It is a
formechase for the Soviet biological weapons program
and the world's largest anthrax burial geound.

Level: 3

Gauntlets 3

Type: Organism

Totem: The Green Dragon

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers and other
Wormish things.

Leader: Nicolai Predarelski (Ahroun, homid), Silver
1 traitor to the Silver Fangs.

‘The Hive of the Wasting Sea

The Aral Sea coust,

Gauntlet: 2
Type: Enigmas
Totem: G'louogh, the Dance of Corruption

Tribal Structure: Black Spiral Dancers and other
Wyrmish beasts. The Shadow Curtain swallowed up
this former House Wise Heart caern in 1997 and it fell
to the Black Spiral Duncers. For more on the corrup-
tion of the Aral Sea Caer, see the Silver Fangs
Tribebook.

Leader: Snaps-ar-Shadows (Abs

The Players

‘With the monolithic threat of the Baba Yaga gone
fo the scene, Russia is once again open territory for
the Garou, upyr and other supernatural creatures.

Gribes

‘Seller in number than at almost any other time
intheithistory, Russia's Garou are nevertheless among
the most battle-hardened in the world, Tested beyond
allendurance, even formerly hostile tribes have found
common ground, There are, of course, still splits and
suspicion among the tribes. In a land where even the
Red Talons show a cunning grasp of political acumen,
itis little wonder that the situatton between the mbes
hasbeen rife with intrigue. For now, however, they are
mote cohesive than they have ever been

lupus)

Black Furies

Originally enforcers of the Impergium, their sta-
tus among Russia's tril and particularly with the
ruling Fangs, has always Been high. Maintaining a
presence in many caerng belon to other tribes,
they served as both warriors and
past decade, the Partes have dines, lost and
much. Loyal supporters and advisors to the
Fangs, they now stand to reap great rewards in vie
tory. And, indéed, the fact that there is now a queen,

her than a king, sitting on the Silver Fany throne
hhas served fo smooch oversome of the few femaining
rough edges in the relarianship. Asfeadersduting the
Terror, the Furies fotind themsclyefin position to
sreatly aid the «ther tribessind gitined a new sense of
self-confidence remperéd by Russian pragmatism.
During the war they even reached something of
rapprochement with their rivals, the Gee of Fenris,
though some mistrustremains berween therworibes
The tribe's former leader, Mother's Pride, was among
the Garou slaughrered by Gregornous ut Kursk. The
new leader,an Abroun named Tatiana, isnew to the
position bur hardly utstested. She has breathed new
life into the eribe and proved an ape stateswoman, as
well as an able warleader.

Bone Gnawers

Rassian Bone Grawers els
urban squalor throughout Russia a
numerous in Moscow.

as of rural and
wticularly
t. Petersburg and Kiev. They
tt for Russia's, downtrodden.
iments have won them much
credit over the centuries, though during the 1917
Revolution, many of them made dangerous alliances
in order to overthrow the nobility (i.e, the Silver
Fangs) and create a. workers' paradise..During the
Soviet era the Bone Gnawers actually took bold of
some of the party machinery, gaining real political
power for the first cime in their history. Bone Gnawers
ofthis vintage ure better fed, and generally cleanerand

more cxcumspect than their brethren mother parts of
the wortd Sinew the fall of the LISSR increased

poverty has swelled the ranks of the poor in Russia
Many Gnawers have reverted terthe streét resem.
bling their Western relatives more and more

After the loss of their longtime leader and father
figure, Nicholas Zukeine, the Bone Grawers fell into a
period of chaos that persists into the present. Two riew
Jeaders have risen to the fore and battle for dominance
‘of Moscow's Gorky Park Sept. One isa Ragabash named
Aleksandr Chesnokov who supports the street faction,
while the other (2 Galllard named Gregor Tomsky)
represents the party style Gnawers and has connections

Chapter Two: Eurasia sr

a ie


|

Ste

‘ooorganized crime. While the two were able to set aside
their differences during the Terror, since then their
rivalty has become incteasingly heated, spilling over
into violence and at least one death,

Children of Gaia

Situated ina secretetem onthe Shores ofthe White
Sea near Arclungel the temainingencm belonging to.
the Children of Gait. With their neat'destruction at the
claws of the Re Talons, the remainder of this once
hhonored trie sgattered chroughout Russia, sometimes
finding refuge if Bone Gnawer or Giasy Walker Cacms.
‘The nominal euler of theremaining Russians Children of
Gain saspiriqualsecker named A yosha Lyiboy. Despite
the oft held opiqion thatthe" Children ‘of Galo: are
Hhroughttn Réksia, this wise Philodoxplayeda pivotal mle
in athitying the tribes during the darkest days of Babs
Yagn's Terror: Now, in the wak® of the hug's death,
however, Alysha s nowhere #6 be found.

Fianna

‘This tribe has never beef much of afactorin Russia
and holdsnocoemsthere.fitheltinernt Fannacswldl he
said to havea leader én Russia, however, it would be the
Galliand names! Daggers Edge Well-connected and re-
spected, this cagey propugindis lesved his own path
keopsa jutou morale high while atthe
zhi leaders to accountability through
his blistering yer subtle social commentary. In fact the
Fianna gained one peitent sponsor in the person of the
Shadow Locd Anataly Masaryk of due Thundersirtke
Sepe. Digger's Edgehas done much to reshape che Rus-
sian ShadowLords image and has taken on some of their
‘imperious ways, He hiss nevertheless used these contacts
coaid ocher Plann chat pass through the country.

Get of Fenris

The Get of Fenris have lonyiéitried-@ heavy
burden. Loyal thanes to the Silver Bangs throughout
the centuries, they watched with dismay as the once
prow tribe fell to madness and decadence. Taking up
much of the burden of rule in the Fangs' name, they
held the Garou nation together through ¥e-and fire.
Through this the Russian Fenrir have: learned such
lessons «y-forbearance and political strategy "qualities
not always atinired by Get in the West. Now, that the
Silver Fangs have —ar least temporarily — risen
above theig madness, the Fenrir have been largely
content t6) reap thosesrewards given to a loyal and
valued gunersl, and to stand aside and lee the Pangs
reawert theig leadership. The longest-lived leader and.
‘one of the eldest Garou in Russia, the Ahroun Anton
Nordenskald survivedartheforeffonc ofthe war against

82 A World of Rage

a,

the Baba Yaga the same way he survived his previous
two wars. Wherher fighting the Nazis at Leningrad or
the Wyrm duringall the years since, the "Grey Welfof
the Baltic" proved himself one of the keenest strategic
thinkers in Russia and a Garou who inspires loyalty
among his own tribe and athers. Having struck one ot
the two fatal blows against the Zmei Gregornous, he
har also become something more — a legend.

Glass Walkers

As in many other countries, the Russian Weaver
tribe hasalways heen highly suspect by the more Wyld-
oriented Garou. Scemiingly inyulnerable atthe begin
ning of the Terror, thie Russian Glass Walkers at frst
benefited greatly from the Bubs Yaga's early purges
With their upsr competitors largely destroyed or in
disarray, the urban tribe was briefly able toextend their
influence ino a host fnew governimentand business
venues — overtitend, as it soon turned out. AC the
brink of what they sawias a mew age, they soon lost
almost everything. Their Moscow caem drained, their
long-time leadét (Boris Tsergov) along with many of
their best operatives munlerad sand forced to retreat to
a lesser caern in St Petersburg, the Glass Walker
found themselves under assault from every direction,
‘Under their new leaderya young' named Boris
Lavrocky,the Sept of he K ilskac'h became a center for
the urban resistanee, Protected by the Cockroach
‘Totem, its ability «@ survive vas fo amaze and encour-
age Garou throughoutsthe nation,

Duringshesebleok yersthe Glass Walkers formed
technological firewall thar peaved nigh impenetrable,
even to the hag'ssewer dwelling information gather.
ers. Thisadvantage allowed the werewolf resistance to
pass on information virtually unhindered while at the
same time gatheringéitelligence onthe enemy'sinove-
ments. Strongly allied with the Bane Gnawers, Silent
Suriders and thereinaining Children of Goia, the
Walkers made the most out of these connections to
improve their reputation iimong the other tribes —
only the Red Talons remain truly hostile. Taking
advantage of their new situation. the Glas Walkers
now enjoy, for the moment, the high ground in the
Russian world of commerce and technology

Red Talons

If che other tribes sense a certain degree of bitter-
ness among the Red Talons, it is because no tribe has
suffered as much as they. The Tilons have lost more
sacites aud snore wolves than any ocher tribe. In pare
because of their bravery agninst nearly suicidal odds,
throwing themselves against Baba Yagaand the Wyrm,
it salso duc to their intransigence when dealing with


ee A

the homid dominated tribes. [he LalonsiiWiitleader,
Tundra Runner, was a divisive figuné ty say the least.
A staunch advocate of a return to the fmpergiumy his
ability co tur allies into enemies did Abt help the Red
Talon cause, despite his bravery in bacilé, Disguited
with what he snw as abandonment by the ather tribes,
Tundra Runner led a pack into the Umbra, bravingthe
Shadow Curtain to quem away backto che wibe'shoine
realm. Pursued bya pack of Black Spiral Dancers; he
hasnor resurfacedyeven ayearafter Baba Yaga'sdeath,

Noless codilling yan luumanstham his predeces-
sem the Red Talons! nes leader, Redjak, io nevertheless
‘mindful. that tribal survival lies in papering over their
differetices with the other tribes. During the Terror, the
tribe gained invaluable sistance from the Get of Fenris
in savisiy theit potent Winter Forest Sept. The Talous
sulbtemain latgely outside of Russian Garou society,
though theyhave warm relationswiththe Wendigoand
a reputed Munderstanding" with the Get. Tundra Run
ner believed that the tribe's true furure lies in returning
toPangaca, while others in the tribe wish tostick things
‘out If TundeaRunnerever returns fromhis mission, this
debate may again divide the tribe

Shadow Lords

If the Shadow Lords have not won trast in Russia,
they have at least camed some respect. There are.
esentially, nwo extant factions among the Russian
Shadow Lords, typified by theie two main septs. The
Sept ofthe BroodinigSky is under Eduard Sun-Curser,a
privst ofthe Sociaty of Nidhogy; thie faction seemed
litle concemed throughutehe warand evidence ofthe
sept's collusion With theeneray continites to grow alter
the efid of the War. The Thundersteike Sepr, (southern
foothills of the Urals), however, b> fartiere politic. By
taking some of the most dangerous missions against the

Baba Yaga and her Wyrm-spawried allies, the Shadow
Lords of this sept suffered heavy losses hur gained more
political cachet than they could have insehimdred years
of sybtle manipulation. Them new, leader, Anatoly
Masaryk, continues to play ball with the other victori-

‘ous tribes and has even, as far as they know, kept his
word on every occasion. Among this tribe are at lenst a

W of the Easter Lords who are widely perceived to
have real honor. The Silver Fangs and Black Furies are
waiting forthe other shoe todrop, but many in the other
tribes see this as sour grapes.

Gilent Striders

Always fow in number, the Silent Striders never:
theless proved to be a constant thom in Baba Yaga's
side. Masters of hit-and-run tactics, their main value
was in passing along information in a manner almost

Chapter Two: Enrasia

—_—

impossibte to detect, even by Baba Yaga's best agente:
Thebagconsidered them pernicioussnesksand spared
no little effort in hunting them down one hy one
Although theie already small number dwindled even
further throughout the Terror, the Silent Striders
never faltered in their mission, Largely independent, if
the Rusian Striders have a leader, itis the enigmatic
Rayabush ruatied Nawashii Moat Chaser. Altboush
the Stridets ha veimo caerns in Russa, theyheh! theit
first prearmootinthe wake of Baba Yag'édeath, Whit
‘occurred here is unknown, but the Striders whisper of
an even gr nemy than the hag on the horizon
The war st h
Russian Garou Nation's membership and th
fear what is to come next.

Silver Fangs

Over the past millennium there were two Silver
Fang families who determined the fite of Russian
Garou society: The House of the Crescent Moon and

House Wise Heart. Now, after the Terror, only one
remains. Arguably the aldest and most notable of the

Queen Tamara Toarivich

The dying House of the Crescent Moon has
found a new lease on life with the ascension of
Queen ‘Tvarivich, While little is uly known
about this Theurge of the Ivory Priesthood, her
ind political acumen were undeniably
atal in winning the day against the Babs
Yaga. A pragmatic warrior with mystic leanings,
Queen Tvarivichtémains —along with her fellow
Zuiet slayer, Anton \Notdenskald — the most
potent symbol of Garo unicy in Rusia. Recent
commuinicattiong between the new monarch andl
her counterparts in other Silyer Fang houses since
the war's end have been successful in some eases
atidlesssouan others, Phe bad blood beww een the
Russian housevand other Boropeain families is

eadily improving, though some distrust remains
tween the Crescent Moon and the House of the
‘Gleaming Eye. Accusations and incriminations
now fly freely, however, between the Russian
family and the American House Wyemfoe. The
American Fangs accuse the Russian Sept leader
Arkady of consorting with the Wyrm and an
attempt on the life of King Albrecht, while many
in the Crescent Moon accuse the American house
of abandoning them in their hour of need, While
publicly defendingher kinsman Arkady, the queen
has quietly gone about investigating House
‘Wyrmfce's accusations.

83

tie


Silver Fang families, the House of the Crescent Moon
has held power since the earliest times. Its former
greamess, however, proved little protection against
‘madness and Harano that faced them in the 20th
century. The Silver Fangs fll farand fastover the past
hundred years and if they appear to have gotten their
act together for the moment, the house's long term
prospectsstill remain incoube: Propped up bythe loyal
Get of Fearis and, the politely astute Furies, che
Fang stazed: something of a Gomebaek unde:
command of their new Queen Tamar Tyarivich,

"Aer the woreadeds sevetal prominent Fangs
Were accused of complicity with the Wyrm. Norleasr
among these was hunt master Nicolai Predarelsk.
Once exposed, Nicolai fled the scene and remains in
huding after dhe war, Disgraced and damned, ke has
soughtirefuge with his'all¥ée and taken his place
among the SilverSpiral. The Bone Gnawets hate hin
ly and aceuse him of treacherously murdering
their leider at Kursk. Despite the vitriol aimed at
him, some knowledgeable Garou believe that he was
nly the second highest-ranking traitor in the high
council. Arkady led the Firebird freehold against
Baba Yaga with distinction, butnow with the Shadow
rat's fall, disturbing rumors have swirled around
him. No less a personage than King Albrecht of
House Wyrmfoe has publicly accused Arkady af cone
sorting with the Wyrm. Displaying no sign of such
‘aint, Atkady has recurned the accusation and sought
to rally family support. The hope for reconciliation
herween the two housesifeems remote.

Stargazers

Never numerous, diiting the Terror the Stargaz-
ty nevertheless exerted an Influence far out of pro-
portion to theitnumbers: Aftetithe near destruction
of the Children of Gaiay the Stirgaaérs cook on their
role as the voice ofnoderation op the Garou Coun-

cil. Mystics and phillosophersthetr voice counts for
much as advisors to the gther tribes! leaders. House
Wise Heart particularly Caludd theriviand,was espe-

caally openeatheltadvice, Despite thet losses during
the war, thetribe's numbers actually increased when
survivors from the great Sepeaf the'Snow Leopard in
Tibet dared the Shadow Curtain to join their breth:

ten in the Sepe of the Geystal Mind. Now, however.
the Stargazers face a majoe threat.\With the destruc

tion of House Wise Heart they lost much of their
influence over events. Byen more troubling, their
leader. Chien Sun "Mountain Wind," lies dying, and
his cacen fails around him. The oldest Garou in
Russia fell victim to a poigoned dagger at the heart of
hhis own monastery, Tribal healers have determined

epi

ae 77 ee

that the poison came ftom the Zmei Trevero, but do
nor have the ability to reverse its effeces. The sepr's
acting leader isthe accomplished former leaderof the
Snow Leopard Sepe, Lungtok. Although highly knowl:
edeable, he is'no more able to prevent the caern's
slow dissolution than the native Stargazers.

Uktena

Located to the far north among the Yakut peoples
‘of Siberia and the Mongolians in the Far East, the
‘Uktena have been aparrofthe Rausian scene since the
beginning. Near the commencement of hostilities
against Baba Yagagthe eastern Seperof the Evergreen
went up in flames under accack from an unknown
Zmei: Fifteed{UERena disdind falfouc escaped to tell
the tale. The Spirit Stone Caer in Siberia is located
above the resting:place ofthe Zmei Trevero (also, not
coincidentally, the site of the 1908 Tunguska Blast);
the Uktetia have the ditblous honor of cending the
‘Zmei to keep him asleep. The tribe's new leader, Ure
Sala Ghost-in-the-Mist, isapuissant Theunge who has
walked dark airts unknown toeventhe wisest of other
tribes. Although thishas benefited his tribe yrearly. ie
hhas also made him security conscious to the point of
paranoia. This paranoia was justified when minions of
the Baba Yagu attacked the caer to free the Zmet
‘Trevern, thereby foreingthe tribe to bucome active in
the war and ally with che European tribes. Having left
the Garoti Couneil in the [500s aver a disigreemene
about trapping, these Uktena are only now entertain
ing thoughts of rejoining grewter Garou society
Wendigo

Ages:ago, when ic was still possible ro crass he:
tween North America and Eurasia over the Bering
Strait land bridge, members of the Wendigo mibe
fetumnedto Siberia, Theyépread across the land, brees-
ing with wolves, andl theindiyenous Yakutand Chukeh|
people. The Wendigo temained geographically' ts-
lated, bait strong and proud, invthefr traditions, This
ided wich the:20diGeritdry and expansion into these
lands. by the Soviet. industrial machine — and the
WyrmAs withthe Red Talons, the Wendigo found
themselves under attack by wolf hunters who used
special ammunition, supplied by the "people." The
‘Wendigo's numbers have dwindled precipitously over
the past 80 years. Forced to retreat farther and farther
intothe Siberian wildy, the tribe only retains oneeaem
by the Bering Sea. The Wendigo have become far
more adepe at protecting the:melves over the past
decade, however, and their aggressive attacks took
even the Baba Yaga's most hardened minions by sur-
prise. During the wartheirleader, Blood-on-the-Wind,

uw A World of Rage

i


tft

vas killed while on a mission to the Silver Fangs
Although the Wendigo's new leader, Sakha Silver-
Water, allowed other tribes limited access to their
cactn during he Terror, they are now more insularand
suspicious than ever.

Other Players
Black Spiral Dancers

The Black Spiral Dancers have never held as
much power in Russia as they do now. Not a major
factor until the 20th contury, during the 1917 Revue
lution they took advantage of renewed pressure
upon the Garou by the upyr. Attaching themselves
first to the Brujah, then Pentex and the Baba Yaga,
the Black Spiral Dancers have, spread-across the
country like a cancer. Andafthey ultimarely be-
srayed each ofebeir erstwhile partners, whar of it?
None ofthem havesurvived in Russia, but the Black
SpiralDangers are still here, Rentex may be staging
comeback, bur there is no-neéd ro hurry. If the
Spirals choosdito ally dhemselves with thécorporn
‘ion again, it willbe On, their oWn tetins,

Perhaps the mosepetent ofthe Blick Spiral Dane
¢2 in Russia ig,the ancient Theurge Poison Tooth.
Gonseant rumors contend, that Poison Tooth 1s an
Abomination given the gift" of vampirism by Ba
Yoga herself, and fortified bynear-conailete damina-
sion by one-of the Mae! i One of the few
Black Spiral leddets to Femain completely loyal to the
hag throughout theywar, Poisons Tabth has made
enemies amodg his owmpkind. A dark figure, even
among the Black Spiral Dancers, he isan avarar of the
Wyrm of Comyption and travels from hive to hive
delive: dhe Wiyran's will vo ics followers. It rennin:
tobeseen, now thathewsfree of his bond to Baba Yaga,
whar he will do next

Other major hive leaders include Snaps-at-Shad-
‘ows (aggressive warleader of the Hive of the Wasting
Sea), Sergei Kozyrev (enigmatic "captain" of the Hive
of the Glowing Sea) and Ivan Bolefire (Weaver mad-
dened overlord of the Hiyeofthe Unleashed Atom),
Most hated of theseliénen however, is Nicolai
Predatelski, Silver Spiral traitor to the Silver Fangs
who has taken (over eorttrol of the Warochdeniye (Re-
naissance Island) Hives

Dampires

"The warbetivecn vampireandl werewolf has burned
far hotter in Ruasia than\in mest parts ofthe world in:
secentyears. Through layal servitorsand witless pawns,

And the Siberakhi?

tp tnillly indnéSeiyae che fabled Siberakh,
sometimes quietly mentioned 2s a possible "savior
tribe? that couldlde!iver Russia from thye Baba Yaga
hhavelhu litle ro do with the fall ofthe hays aries
and nothing to do with the death of Grevorns. A
few members of this minor Weniligo.Silver Fan,
"mixed tribe" thd fight alongside their Wendigo
relatives in the resent bitiles for Siberia, and i's
even posible chat anwortue weteanonymously at
Kursk: But as far af being "Rusia best hope"
they havi yet to live up co thar wighful thought. Ay
withso many otherplacesaround the workd, Russia
true beet hope isa united GarauNacion —battered,
‘Moodied umd sadly few in amber as iti, bur fi
with werewolves who arén't willing to give up
withoura fight,

Baba Yaga used Russian Leeches as one more tool in
her schemes to wipe out her Garou opposition, The
werewolves have destroyed many vo fy chair
war against herand, asa result, native vampitic hatred
for the Garou now fir surpasses the blasé attitude
frequently held by Leeches in other parts af the world.
When the ewo sides clash, neither acke for, or rece:
any mercy. Thete is evidence that potent foreign
vampires are coming in to fill the power vacuum lef by
Baba Yaga's death and the destruction of the Bruja,

Pentex.

Untatafew years ago, Russia had noeorponate base
of its own: Starting in the'fat 950s the Communist
government benefited greatly!

from che hard curres

and knowledge braught in by the capitalist conglom-
erate, al
\aWeapo

sppy fale! the: Soviet
it is ots Then, in lute
1990, the whole thine fell apart. For reasons the
oa erstands the Black Spiral Dane
ers revolted. Between this rebellion, growing pressure
from the lau and competition fram vampiric eoene-
rate predators, the company began to disinregrare. By
1992 ie had lost conract with many of its operatives
behind the Shadow Curtain andwatehed as unknown
"investors! snatched up its halidipge: Now, with Baba
‘Yaga's death the megacorp igtryinata uy its way back
into the ebuntryelthas.co move caitiousty, ho
Sul noeknéwing the exact amire of the Black
revolt and wary of upyr ebvalyy ic will be some tie
before it is up to full serenigthy again.

Chapter Two: Eurasia 8s

AL TY



ny

War in the Sudan

A week and a day after Black Tooth
wenty dark brown wolves trekked across the.
Sudan, mowing at aslow crot, carrying themselves with the
edators om the hunt, They shimsmered in the
heat like fever dreaons, ghostly visions of a bygome era lst
to the mists of time. From thetr wallows m the nearby banks
of the Nile crocodiles wauched, their senflinching stares
taking all before them. The wolues paid them no heed, for
as other concerns which brought ¢hem here this day,
Presently they slowed their pace, then stopped altogether,
smaffing the atr and sand, eerily silent as they searched for
signs of their prey. At some unseen signal they looked up,
then turned toward a point on the horiton; cautiously at
fist, then with ever-increasing boldness, they slid deeper
into the swamp, tracking their quarry in some way the
crocodiles coud scarcely fathom. As soon as they had come
the wolves were gone, and silence reyged unce again om the
hanks of the Nile
An hour passed, then another, and then another, The
watchers heard cries of butle, nants of rage and howls of
the da d.

ontinued unabated,

‘waiting for the wolves rectum. Aclast, near dusk,
‘awolf appeared in the distance, looking haggard and worn

He routed coward the riveréunk, andthe crocedilesallowedd
him wo drink his fill. Ax I/came, and then amwther
each seeking the stream's life-giumg waters, Some were
ed, hobbting toward the viver only with th
packmates: Most were whole, 1
the leader 0 ,
the way che alpha walled that he haul seen this waif

Walks-WWith-Mighe drank deeply, wa
trials he and his pack had endured in the past few honers. His
thirst slaked, the leader gathered his pack around him, The
wolves rested, ignoring their surroundings as they recovered
from their ordeal. As
crocodile in hi

ther

stamp of

was the mess
hatreds were

Walks-With-M broke the stare, reusing his pack
for the long journey home. The temple that was the tarp
of their wrath was broken, but nocdestrayed. This nest, ke
somany others, 1 again. But for now the Moka
and heir Kin were d that was enough. For now
of Gaia's children actell as on

hey exchanged. Old wounds and older

n. Le was time to begin ancw

For eons, African culture has been rich with tales

‘of beasts who walk as men. They speak

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East 87

————

TY


sour kings who walk within the confines of the Congo
basin, and Mother Spider who gave life to the world.
They tell us of wise Lion who kills those who forget
their place, and of Hyena, who knows the secret of
death but will not share ie with foolish Man, who
cannot pass her tests. More than anywhere else in the
world the animals here walk with men, and man and
beast experience the world ws one. Sy it is with Gaia's
children, the shapeshifters, The wounds of the War of
Rage bleed freely throughout much of the world, but
here in Arica the battles fought were but distant peals
of thunder, never quite reaching the borders of the
Dark Continent. While there is much in the way of
mistrust between the Garou and theie siblings, the
abject hatred so chameteristic of Europe and the
is is all but absent here,

Much of this solidarity isdue to the deranged Simba
Bon Bhar, Black Tooth, who has captured the attention

supernatural for adecadeand a half, He
\quished by a coalition of Bastet, Garou
ho chained his magies and scatcered his
pride to the four winds. Thar alliance bore lasing fruit
in the formof the Ahadi, acovenantamong the chifters
pledginy mutual aid and suppor inal efforts against the
Wyrm and its minions. Though not all of Africa's
shifters have joined the Ahadi, the union has nonethe-
Jess becomea potent force in supematumal affaits through
ourthe continent. No longer can vampires and minions
cf the Wyrm move freely amony the populace, feeding
where they like and destroying according to whim. The
Chaxygiryg Breeds have dechired war, and they're mov-
ing. with enough force and organization to keep their
‘opponents on the defensive.

All snot well, however. Black Tooth's death
Woke something darker still, and that force stirs within
the shifting sands of che Kalahari, the jungles of the
Congo, and the teeming masses of humans in Egypt,
Nigeria and South Africa. What this force is, and the
rhythm of ity movement, is unknown. Its presence is
nonetheless undeniable, and the changers who know
of ic seek answers even as they slaughter theit foes

East Africa

There is. place on Birth where i is stil the morning
of life, and the great herds ru free, Life streams across a
land suspended in time, last refuge of the greatest concen-
tration of saldife remaining om Earth — the Serengeri
plains of east Africa.

— James Farl Jones, Africa, the Serengeti

Thank you, friend. It's good that you've agreed to sit
with me and lien. So few do, these days, And these last
few years, I've seen so much. Ah, vehere to begin..."

SS taammsorr ar arraacen

Tdonot think it possible to é<nvey the beauty and
grandeur of East Africa using words alone, for it isa
vast, timeless place, filled with hope even as it reeks of
death, and there is no other place on Earth which
matches \ts magnificence. Once, all the world was as
Africa is now; a place of life and prosperity, guided by
cycles at once cruel and kind and populated by all
matsner of nat and beast that people of the western
world have all but forgotten. Slowly, under the heel of
the whites in Europe, the barbarians in Asia, and the
ribesin Norch Americaall thischanged. The glorious
elephants and buffalo were crushed to extinction, 2s
were the legions of catsand hyenas and other creatures
we cannot even name anymore, Only in Africa has a
semblance of this diversity remained, and even here
humans of all races seek to butcher it in the pursuit of
their own livelihoods.

‘The children of Luna and Helios have done what
they can to quell this loss of Gaia's legacy to us, but
their own conflicts and indecisiveness have stymied
their effores at every tum, The Simba strike at the
British colonials in Tsavo, while the Mokolé snap at
the hele of the Egyptians in the lower Nile The
Bagheera prow] the outskirts of Nairobi, seeking co pue
fear into the hearts of men, as the Swara shift toand fro
in the Umbra, doing all they can to aid the others
without losingthemselvesin the proces. Allfor night,
for this ts not what these children of Gaia are meant to
do they sre not Her warriors. They are Her spies, and
Her memory, and Her messengers, and Her assassins.
For all their power, it 1s the task of the Mokolé t0
remember the events of the world, not seruggle against
the tides of fate. Aind though they live in prides, the
Simba are by nature solitary, living as they do oat af
necessity rather than by choice: The Bagheera are
mighty, but usually work alone. The Ajaba are clever
and relentless, but they lack the raw power needed to
prevail against che Wyrm. And the Swara are swift, but
they cannot be everywh ‘onee.

Noyofall of Gaia'schiliren,itisonly we,the Garou,
swho may truly lay claim to the title of Her warriors.

arly, wee wha hove freakin thie wast place —
‘decision born of wisdoat and pride, which has at once
been our greatest failing and our greatest victory. | will
tell you, now, of how that came to be undone. { will cell
you of how the hyena-kings came back to Kilimaryaro,
and how the Simba and the Bagheera embraced their
roles as Africa's defenders, and how the Garou made all
‘ofthispowible. And will ell you ro tread carefully here,
for dere is death iat Africa nw, anal life as well,an dere
has always been. The rest of the world is ours, but this
place belongs to others. Pay heed to these words, cub.
Listen carefully, and learn.

88 A World of Rage

is 5 4


came a LSI

Kenya

‘What place is this, where a man becomes a man
only when he has killed « fion? Who alive has the
‘courage to huntelephanewith nothing butasingle great
bow? I do not know who might rightfully be called
Kenya's kings; are they men, or lions? Small wonder,
then, thatthe Simbachoose tobeeed with both, Whether
Maasai, Wakamba, or Waliangulu, or any of the hun-
dreds of other tribes in the regton, the Simba have their
pick of warriors from whom tochoowe theicmates: Some
will ell you that these trihes have heer here forever, bur
they lie; most have been here only since shortly before
the various European powers began thelt colonization
cfforts. Before that time there were others, and before
them yer others. Even moreso than Medieval Europe,
East Africaisaplace of continual change. Oneconstant,
hawever, seems to be the oppression of the native tribes
by outsiders, be they Arab or Europes. Following the
explorations of Joseph Thompson through Maasailand
in the mid: to late 1800s (a dangerous area due to the
presence of the aggressive Maasai) a solid trail was
csmblished berween Lake Vicworia and the Kenyan
coastal strip. The route began a a path for the ivory
trade, as Europeansand other foreigners traveled to the
‘oreriortohuntand kl lory-tusked elephants and then
enslaved Africans to haul che ivory to the coast. Here,
both were then sold to Arab merchants, to be distrih-
uted throughout the Middle Bast and Asia

The dissolution of the slave trade put an end to
this incarnation of the ivory market. but the conquest
of Kenya was only just beginning. The Europeans
sought to master the land, as did the Garou who
traveled with them. Control and stability were key
af the rime, and mastering this land would lead
two great political leverage back home. Vying with the
Germans and the French for domination of Africa, the
British set to creatinga trans-Kenyan railway to better
solidify their hold on the land and case the trade of
goods throughout theircolonies. The tal represented,
inaway other developments did not, the true conquest
of Africa by the Europeans, and it was the final straw
for Afuica's shifiers. ‘The Simba reacted violently,
teating into Garou settlements with such speed and
ferocity that the werewolves could not even begin to
react. One pairof Simba in particular, who would gain
great fame among the humans yeas later, did what
they could to stem the growth of the ai, choosing as
their battleground che aptly named Tsavo, the place of
slaughter. They killed hundreds of workers and fright-
ened off the rest, which forced the British to tempo-
tarily hale construction of the railway. Eventually, che
lions fell eva soldier's bullets, but not before they'd left
their mark. Whil onquest of Africa continued

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

ais / ,

unabated, the Garou as a whole soon pulled out of che
European colonies, leaving the lund to the shifters
who'd fought so hard to protect it.

And what of the Maasai? The rail invaded theit
homeland, and for a time they fought the ever-increas-

ing British presence in theie lands. The conquest they
‘were witnessing was hurd for them to understand, and
much of this confusion stemmed from a view of life and
the world thatiscompletely alien ro most Europeans. To
the Maasai, chere are no such things «s*wildemese and
"civilization." The realmsof man and beast are bur parts
‘ofthe whole, and they cannot rightly be separated. And
yet, that isexactly what the British sec out to do here in
Kenya. Acknowledging, in their way, thar the lands of
the Maasai and bountiful wildlife were being swallowed
whole, they established reserves for Africa's wildlife and
native peoples which would keep populations ofeach in
‘existence for all the world to see. So it was that the
northern and southern Maasai reserves were created,
places which had lessto do with tribal homes or wildlife
movements and more with places in which the Europe-
ans had little interest. The reserves bordered the railway
tothe north and outh;and their creation accompanied
treaties with the Maasai, which would let the British
continue on their way unabated.

{tis a hand thing to make an African understand
that he snot to kill an animal. To him, the wildlife are
ascattle are to whites, and his right to take them as he
sees fitas God-given as oursto feed on the meat we nase.
Such was not the way of the Europeans, however, and 90
‘Wildlife reserves came to be created one after another in
the years following World War Il. The fest ofthese was
Selous, a massive park in Tanzania established by
Constantine lonides shorty after the War and consist
ingof an area three times the sie of New Jersey, K
followed suit soon after, establishing parks of is own in
‘Tsavo, Amboseli, Nairobi, and a variety of other areas
Asthe 1970s rolled around Scloushecamehome tofully
inrenth of Africa's elephants, though theit fortune w
thenatives' tragedy. Forced outof the park, theybecame
‘enemiestothe wildlife they'd once lived with so harmo:
nauely: dimilae policies ef enpulcion were adopted in
Kenya. The settlers blamed them forthe decline of East
Africa's wildlife, cheerfully overlooking the fact that it
‘was whites who ate up the animals' habitats, and who
‘went on safari,and who brought guns into Affica in the
first place. Africa's tribes became scapegoats for colonial
shortsightedness and greed, and they began to Look arr
the wildlife they'd traditionally counted as neighbors
with hatred and resentment. All the while, the Simba
sacback und laughed, for the Europeans were undermin.
ing theirown interests in the region far more effectively
than the Simba ever could.


nnn nnnnnnnnns

table. Ithappened at different times in different areas,
in Kenya, ithappened during the 1950s, finally resulr-
ing in Kenyan independence in 1963 (but only after
10,000 or more peasants had died for the cause). Kenya,
was under new ownership, and it would change the
way wildlife management was done forever.

‘Today, Kenya remains a place filled with darkness
and light. Herwildlife was slaughtered mercilessly during.
the horrible ivory wars of the 1980s, offshoots of Black
‘Tooth's silent reign of terror which held all of Africa
paralyzed for fully a decade and a half, Those Simba and
their Maasai Kin not allied with Black Tooth held the
honders of Amboseli, striking deals with the Bon Bhat
keep the wilife therein safe. However, they could not
avoid a confrontation foreverand eventually they, like all
of Africa's shifters, were dragged impo the war to bring,
Black Tooth and his allies to heel. The battleground for
this conflict was to be the Serengeti plains, and it was a
conflict that shook the very heavens themselves.

Tanzania

Situated to the south of Kenya, Taina: bis
‘much ini commen with its more famous neighbor. Like
Kenya itis filled with a bounty of wildlife unsivaled
anywhere on the planet, Also like Kenya, it paid for its
independence from European control, th this'case
Germany, in blood. From Dar EsSalaam toNgorangsto
rarer, and from the crystal clear waters of Lake
nyikato the blood -4onked plainsof he Serengeti,

1s d microcosm of everything thar is Africa
In the years following independence many wildlife
sanctuaties,suchasLake Manyara Narional Park, were
formed; for every park so formed, thousands of Afti-
cans were forcibly removed from their homes. Selous
and Serengeti became names etched in blood, and
while radical shifts in conservation policy through the
1960) and 70s helped erode the imperialism at the
heart of the new administrations, things would gee
much worse before they got better.

‘This stave of affairs was doubly true for Tanzania's
Changing Brseds, While the MokolE feasted on
annual wildebeest migrations at the border of the
Serengeti and the Maasai-Mara eserve in Kenya, they
found their animal Kin dwindling in number and
range; the Bastet found themselves in a similar situa-
tion. The wildlife crowded within the parks, Nleeing
human poachers outside and exhausting the land
within, Those who remained outside wereshot, either
as vermin (in the case of lange cats and crocodiles) or
for money and sport (in the case of large game such as
elephant and rhino). The pattern was the same in all
the African colonies, regardless of ownership; wil

0 A World of Rage

————— io

dropped like flies asthe land was reshaped inaaform the
Europeans found appealing. Some of Gaia's children,
however, refused to Ke dawn and suffer such indigni-
ties, One such individual was a Simba ftom Zululand
in South Africa named Blick Tooth.

Asthe ivory warsbeyan in earnest during the later
part of the 1970s, Black Tooth pur together a pride of
Simba which lashed our at all of the European interlop-
ts, be they supernatural or mundane in nature. There
‘were vampires here, and he subjugated them. There
were mages as well, redefining the nature of realty, and
Ihe expunged them. The ghosts who danced within the
elephant graveyards were exorcised, leaving the land
silent. He was not selective in his efforts; all who tod
upon African seil were subject to his whim, and these
who opposed him were eliminated. Most of Africas
Baster supported hin, as he fought agaist the oppres-
sion of the colonials: On the Serengeti, however, there
‘was one group which refused to yield, and refused to die

— these were the Ajaba, called by many the Chocsers
of the Slain, They opposed the Simba at every tum,
slaughtering his allies and undermining his suppore
They knew the secrets of death and ne mattct how
Black Tooth beat them he could never permanently
drive them off, However, as is often the ease here, the
‘Ajaba were betrayed hy one of their own. In 1984 Black
Tooth learned the truth ofthe Ajaba's Yava,andhe used
ic to slaughter them in the Hyena King's court in
Ngorongoro crater. The tribe's numbers went from
thousands strong to less than a handful in the span of a
‘single battle, and with their defeat Black Loorh ruled
the continent from the Sahara to the Kalahari

The Ajab slaughter forced the other Baste inthe

to sit up and take notice of their ally's excesses
1c Bagheera, watching from theirperches deepwithin.
the Congo River basin, judged that the great Simibahad
gone too far, and formed 2 war party to stop him. They
failed, fleeing home to lick their wounds and imagine
their losses were a matter of mete chance. They made
another nttempe three years later; this sortie ended in
failure aswell. They hadnot the numberscostrike athim
diceeely, for ha powers wure mighty Mideed. He could
not be surprised, and he could weave magics pifted to no
changerbefore or since, None could take him alone,and
sothe Bagheera called amorarorium on war partiesuntil
they could figure out what to do

Axcthis poinein the story, you might legitimately
ask where the Gurou were during this whole mess
Afterall, Tanzania wascolonized by the Germans, and
Kenya by the British; one might expect to find some
Get of Fenris, or Fianna, or Silver Fangs lurking in East
Africa somewhere, able ta help. In truth, while there
are indeed members ofthese tribes here, their nutnbers


and influence are small indeed. We Garou make

‘our protectorates slowly, and we do not blindly
follow our Kinfolk everywhere they go. There are
cumneswhen we Immigrate tn large numbers, settlingor
conquering new lands, but this only happens ia wild
places, or in places where the native Garou have been
julged unfic co cule. We did chis in America, and we
did it in Australia, damning ourselves in the process.
But Africa was never our land, andthe Baster, Mokolé,
and Ananasi never yielded so much as an inch toa

‘come here. Some Gatou
di exist here in force, but they are a strange and alien
treed tous; 1 will speak of them lacer: Fornow, though,
let me continue with iny tale.

Now, whore wos 170%, you: Black Tooth What he
overlooked was the fact that his power had made him
arrogant; he was not nearly sothorough with the Ajaba
as he might have imagined. Some fled to the four
comer of the world, making whatever pacts they
pevded to survive. Some fell wo the Wyrm. But others
stayed here, secking refuge with the Mokolé along the
banksof the Zambesi, orwith their hyena Kin, oreven
vith che other Dastet tribes. The leader of the Ajaba
remaining in Africa wasa queen named Kisasi. It was
she who engineered the peace with the Mokolé, and it
wis she who began coordinating a resistance move-

ment against Black Tooth, using the limited resources
of the Ajaba and other Bastet to weaken the mighty
Bon Bhar's position. Most importan
was she who discovered the African
We don't know much about the Kucha Ekundu;
they are a lost camp of the Red Talons, and they have
wandered much of Africa for quite some time. Decades
ago, they sought out the Mokolé-mbembe, and begsed
them to help the Garou survive in thisalien plo
came tohelp setright the short-sightediness of the Garou
thoustnds of years before; they came to help, not on
their own terms but on those of the M
Mokolé,notingthe declining numbersof
ing dogs due to human persecut wok the Ta
requertarface value, and gave themiatert If they could
Jeam co take the shape of the hunting dogs, the Mokolé
‘would help them. The Talons took up the
and ever since they have roamed all of sul
Africa wearing the belies of these painted wolves
In the late 1980s, Kisasi made contact with these
elusive Garou, entreating theiraid in her battle aginst
Black Tooth. Skeptical at first, and in no way eon:
vinced of Kisasi's own worthiness, they ignored her
pleas foradecade and a half, Finally, just 1wo ye
they assented. Whar they did, however, was not
like what the eanny hyena had in mind

; however, it

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

ans,


oe AA

Ashersphere of influence increased, Kisasi began
tecruiting allies from all over the continent. The
Swans of Namibia helped orm her stronghold, and the

ba of the Kalahari gave her a rallying point for
those lions unhappy with Black Tooth's rule. The
Mokolé of the Mara River pledged theirunconditional
support to her in hopes of restoring the balance thar
had long marked the Serengeti ecosystem. The
Bagheera worked to solve logistical problems, using
their global networks to stay ahead of the Endless
Storm; st eaponsshipments bound for military
units in the Democratic Republic of the Congo didn't
hore, either. Her cleverest move was yet t0 come,
though. She convinced all of herallies to call upon the
Garou for aul, and to bury the grudges they'd held
against us for so long. Malignant ¢hough he was, Black
Tooth tumed our to be the one threat that could make
a the present instead of obsessing with the
past. We their plea, and we responded. As a
result, we Striders taught the hyenas tactics, and un-
dermined Black Tooth's vampiric support. In working,
together, we shifters maintained arunning guerilla war
against ur enemy. alwaysavoiding his claws by means
of superior mobility and cooperation,

Eventually, three things huppened which set up
thefinal, apocalyptic conflict that forever changed the
a. Firt, the Kucha Ekundu's canine Kin

uck by an outbreak of distemper, which gutted
their ranks. Turning calamity into advantage, they
spread the plague through the lion populacions of the
yityg waste to all of Black Tooth's feline
Kin. At che same rimeyan upset in the vampiric power
structure left many packs of the things vulnerable, a
vulnerability which we Silent Striders exploited und
which left the Endless Storm without itsallies. Finally,
Black Tooth discovered the Mokolé involvement in
Kisusi's uprising, and defiled their nests along the
b he Bon Bhat's
forhe assumed that the Mokole's preference
for inaction meant they were incapable of coordi-
nated, sustained battle. He was wrong. Calling upon

the Bazheera to coordinate their efforts. the Mokolé
exploded into action, hunting the Endless Storm no

matter where they fied, and slaughtering them to a
in. Key to breaking their power was the mighty
bembe, found at long last deep
Within the Congo basin. Iam uneleat as to the deeails
Of te discovery, buc | believe the Kucha Ekundu were
somehow involved. Regardless, the Endless Srorm was
shatrored, and Black Tooth was on his own,
Then it come to pass thar a mighty roar shook the
Near Umbra, grasping the souls of all ic couched and
tending them with talons of fear. A great silence

wer

followed, deaferiing in itsintensity, and weknew, llof
us, that everything had changed. The Storm was over.
The darkness had passed. Victory was ours. And yer,
cach of uswho heard tharsound krew thaton thatday,
a that moment, semething terrible was born,

I donot know how Black Tooth died; perhaps it was
the Baghecra, raining fire upon him as they chained his
‘magics and tore at him with their claws. [tis their way
to judge those they find unworthy, and they might well,
have found the justice they have sought for so long.
Perhaps it was Gaia's warriors, che forgotten Garon we
refer to now as the Kucha Ekundu. | do not think they
could destroy Black Teoth alone, bur they have hidden
strengths, snd we have underestimated them before
‘And then there are those who judge the rest of Cia
children, even though common wisdom says they ate
longextincr: Did they come here, ending Black Tooth's
reign with a serpent's tooth? The ruth may never be
fully understood, What isknown isthat Black
what was left of him, was found strewn about the basin
in Ngorongoro crater, his crushed skull staked on along
spearoutsideof the Hyena-King'scourt. Whoeverkilled
hie, they had a deep appreciation for irony

The fallout from Black Tooth's deuth has been
enormous, The Seriders were bauly bloodied by their
‘wats with the vampires, and while it led to improved
relations with the Bubasti it will nonetheless cake chem
quite some time to recover. The Kucha Ekundu have
fost most of theie canine popalations, with the bull
remaining in Selous game reserve in Tanzania and the
(Okavango in Botswana, and the rest scattered to the
four winds. The Ajaha, Gaia's morbid laughter, have
been redeemed, though their numbers remain low,
Hakim, the Mayi Simba king, has taken his place in
Neorongoro, though the Amadu'o who remain chafe
under the new leadership, and plot against the smarter
southem prides. Hakimu is wise and crafty, though, and
30 manages to evade Amadu'o treachery when it crops
up. He fights with Kisast constancly, bt it isa good fight;
their hatred for one another is strong, but softened by
grudging respect. The Bagheera lost many in their ight

with rhe Frullose Stem, hur thoy have taken thoir mle

4s judges quite seriously; they have established a peace
accord among all of he Changing Breeds, and they now
work togetherasthey doin few otherplacesin the worid.
The architect of the Ahadi was Bagheera called Kiva,
anulshespeaks forthe majority ofherkind in East Afric,
‘The Mokolé of the Zambezi have lost their legacy, but
not their heritage; they will breed again, and uni tht
‘dase dacy wallow inthe barks of the river. The Mokolé
of the Congo celebrate thei rebirth in the aftermath of
the discovery of the Spear of Mokolé-Mbembe; their
pawer is unquestioned, and their influence grows by the

92 A World of Rage

Ja el LT IT


On the Mature of Lion Cooperation

‘One of the greatest misconceptions floating
around in the world of the Discovery Channel

thenotion that lions hunt cooperatively, and
prides to enhunce their hunting ability. This
somewhat misleading, since lions (or rather, tion
esses, a8 it ts they who hunt) tend to break uj

singly and in pai

when they hunt, and enjoy
their great
involved in

where, ho

t success rates when few lions are

vors (as discussed else
f, there are exceptions to this rule)
; then, do lions stay together? Well,
1 offered by an area increases, the number of

predators the land can support increases as well
Eventually, threshold ishreaclied and it become:
advantageous ro for
put up with sharing «
ad. Hence, lions stay te
art carties with it far too many costs
The sa
think the Sim

p individual territories and

true of the Simba. Iris an

asa coordinated unit, striking

awetewolt pack. T

igh they
ate of individuals,

in numbers, they fight as an aggn
team. This is a limitation the werecats have
euedifficulcy in overcoming, and itis why they fall
in the world outside of

ind the Endless Storm's ter

fying cffectivene:
Simba managed to overcome their solitary n
a highly coordinated ream. The combi
nation of the Bastet's emifying Gifts and che pack
mentality normally restricted to 1 m1, NOE tO
mention the various magical and vampiric abilities
Black Tooth stole from his victims, are what made
the Endless Storm a threat that simply could riot
faced openly. No mutter how good the PCs are
they're not dat good, und the Storyteller is enc
aged to convey this fact to the player characters.

ay. Thae Swat Ihave become the messengers they were
always meant to be, serving as intermediar
the Bastetcourtsand the Silent Striderstothe n
Ekundu to the east and south. T
med during the battle with
in, and we Stridersworked with the Baghce
the Ahadi, an agreement among Africa's shift
one another in their battles with the Wyrm. Gaia's
children have found
The most ext

and

pe alliance:
Storm

sof the E
from the


ee AA

ity, his success at keeping the minions of order from
conquering Africa cannot be denied, and the iron
comerol he exerted over the varnpires of sub-Saharan
Africawasenviable- Both of these foreesnow have free
reign to doas they will, and while the vampires have
heen wounded by their own intemal politics and the

efforts of the Silent Striders only a foal would assume
thes

nflucrice is permanently removed. Worse still,
the Dark Lord kept innumerable Wyrmish foes at bay,
forcing their stench from his home as a thing which
offended him, Now, these forces seek to return to the
great plains, corrupaing Gata's bounty there despite
the Bastet's greatest efforts. As have said, they are not
Gaia's chosen warriors, and as such they cannot do
har the Garou can do, The A hadi aside, they can do
little more than identify the threats facing them,
forming intermittent war parties to deal. with. the
dlungers as best they can. Ifthe Kucha Ekundu recover,
they might be able t help; they're losing Kin fast,
though, and they have theirown problems to face. The
se holds crue for the Silent Striders to the north;
their vigilance is reserved for their ancient vampiric
foes. and they have no time for the problems of Arica,
‘The Bastethave thustraded one immense problem for
innumerable smaller ones, and these may do. what
Black Tooth could not. Only time will tel,

Rwanda

To the west of Kenya and Tanzania lies one of
Aitica's most troubled states — Rwanda, a lind subject,
to surocities on a magnitude only rarely seen tn the
whole of human history, During the colonial period,
the minority Tutsi tribe found favor with first the
Germans and then the Belgians, dominating positions
in both education and employment until the modern
era. In 1959, the majority group, the Hurus, overthrew
the Tutsi monarch, butchering hundreds of Tutsis and
driving tens of thousands into exile. By 1990 the Tutsis
had rallied, beginning a civil war which culminated in
the deaths of more than 800,000 Tutsis and moderate
Hutus. Despite their losses, the Tutals prevailed, forc-

ing some «wo million Hutus into exile. During the late
1990s the refugees began c return, but the civic

upheavals had devastated the nation'sfragileeconomy,

We Silent Striders have known our share of suffer-
ing. We have known exile and hatred, and we have
tasted the bitterness of mistrust from the other tribes.
‘Our Kin were slaughtered in the Second World War,
then ignored and spat upor in all the decades since.

The words "never again" hold special meaiting fot us,
we know better chin most just how selectively they are
applied. We have seen the troubled places where they
ringpathetically hollow. Never again? Hab! Time and
again! Look across the land of Rwanda, cub, and you
4

will see the face of genocide staring back at you. This
isthe Wyrm's legacy to us. This is the full measure of
its power. Fomori and Urge Wyrms are ttivial by
‘comparison; it ts the shackles on our souls, born of
hatred and rage and indifference, which show us its
awesome, unfettered might. Gur failure, and the hue
mans' damnation, lies in the fact that we have stood by
and allowed such things wo happen over and over
again. The Impergium was a game of tag compared co
this; I'm sure the Red Talons were quite pleased wih
the way things turned out,

Bur ther again, perhaps not

Tonce wondered why the Kucha Ekundu threw
themselves so fervently behind the cause to rid the
world of Black Tooth. After all. he was w force of
destruction, annihilating the frit of human labors
throughout the whole of Africa. This is the Talons'
‘most heartfelt goa, sit not? Bur something happened
here, in Rwanda, which put the lie to any claims one
might make about the inescapable taint of humans
Even now [fail co comprehend how it occurred, but |
was there. [bore witness to ic with my own eyes, and it
5 ns real as anything in the world. Ir began in a game
reserve to the west, on the border of what was then
called Zaire, and what is now the Congo; the place was
called Virunga, and it was home to the critically
exdayered populations of highkmd gorillas male
famous by biologists such as Dian Fossey. The reserve
was evacuated once hostilities broke our; the research-
ers there had to flee if they were to survive, and their
‘equipment was subsequently stolen or destroyed by
rebel forces. Somehow, the gorillassurvived the daysof
war, and char in itself is nothing short of miraculous
However, the true surprise was yet to come. After the
hostilities had died down the scientists studying the
gorillas returned to the highlands and found, to their
amazement, thatsome rangers had remained toprotect
the gorillas even amidst all the hostilities. These were
not soldiers, and they persevered for months on end
with no money, no reliable sources of food, and no.
supplies of any kind, Such relentless dedication to the

survival of nem he
Think the Talons, or at least these particular Talons,
considered this act of sacrifice und made a conscious
decision to give humanity another chance. Humuins
area brutal, murdecous lot, but they are also expableaf
acts of astonishing selflesness. Do not forget this cb,
tno matter what you see in the world

‘With ies rerum to stability, Rwanda' doing its bese
eorecover. Some 35% of the nation's land ssarable, and
some astonishingly innovative furming techniques de-
veloped before the civil war are proving sufficient for

‘maintaining nextremely high population density with-
our additional stress on the land. The government ix

A World of Rage

——

IY


A ft

highly progressive, embarking on ambitiousreconstruc-
tioneffortswith the helpofthe World Bankandseeking
tore-establish its (mainly subsistence) agricultural buse.
Among shapeshifters, I've heard that there are some
Block Furies in the area attending to the needs of
disenfranchised women, as they suffered from the fallout
more than any other single group. | think there were
some Kucha Blnindu here owce as well and Uniow they
have visited; but theit animal half has been extirpates,
so they've mostly moved to the east or south. There
aren't any Bastet or Mokolé here, either; the only
wildlife that curvives ls that in Virunga, and the star
attraction there is the gorillas. Sull, 1c isa place of hope.
Thoughithasteen erushed inthe Wyrm'scoils, Rwanda
fights to recover. I ean only wish ther the best of luck,

Southern Africa

Unlike much of the rest of Affiea, Souther Africa
4s typified by its diversity. Whereas North Africa is
dontnated by the expanse ofthe Sahara, East Africa by
its savannas, and West Africa by its expansive forests,
Southern Africa has a litle bit of everything. From the
the Kalahari and the Cape of Guual Hope
outhem Africa is home to just about
everything. This diversity applies ro Gaia's children as
as anything; one can find Swarm, Bagheer, snd
her Mokole, Garou; Ananasi, Rati,
and Rokea. Gait's enemies ae legion as well: vampires
infest the governments,even though their influence has
lessened in recent years they prowl the lands xeurchingg
for victims. [he minions of the Wyrm slaughter the
willie here, gutting the Land ofitslifehlood. As soften
the case, however, the greatest evils are perpetuated by
Fhuimans, a are the greatest goods.

South Africa

Ic is of course a truism that Black Tooth and the
Endless Storm did not exist im.a vacuum, nor did they
spring forth whole cloth. They came from the oppres-
sion and destruction of South africa, playing upon the

fears and hatreds of the innumerable tr
fered the wrath of the whites. Focelghty ye:

less than twenty percent of South Africa's population,
ruled the land, using semi-slave labor and a doctrine of
insttutionalized racism to strip che Transvaal of its
incredible resources: Finally, in the 1980s, in response
w the riots and rebellion coursing through South
Africa's veins, and in the wake of the total eradication
of all large predators from. the countryside, Black
Tooth and his pride erupted. They represent the great-
‘est destructive force Africa has ever known, but the
crue evil lies in the hears of the men who thought it
cheir duty and their privilege to first inwade, then,

conquer and cule a land that was not their own
Everything here was about control — the Africans
were forced to obey, the rich mineral resources were
coveted and stripped from the Burth, the predators
‘were expunged, and the remaining game animlsculled
to fit the European ideal of stability. I wish we could
blame the Wyrm for such things. | ish we could say
they were the fault of Blick Tooth, or traitorou
oor demented Garou. Such was not the cise, hawever;
these things were the doing of hut
unfettered, and

‘There are Garou here, in South Afncu. Their
power is weak, weaker than they would have you
believe, because they have thus far been unable to
establish lasting caerns or necworks af power, Before

‘of partheid the vampires had the gov

ernment locked up tight, and now... well, most of the
Garou are whites, so you can imagine how far they ger
These are mostly Get of divided
into two groups with radically divergent philosophies
One group supports the racist ideologies of apartheid,
viewing the blick Africans as backward and superst:
tious, and undeserving of our respect. They are che
ones who called for che extermination of the lions of
the Transvaal, since their viewsextendedtorhe Simba
as well as their native Kin. The other jroup) wanted
apartheid torn down from the beginning: apartheid
coddles the weak, they said, denying the serong their
chance to stand and face the jaws of the Wyrm. Fave
to believe this was the majority view of the tribe. The
alternative ie too disgusting to imagine

Anyway,aswith the rescof Africa, Southern Africa's
nations revolted; Swaziland, Borswana, Lesotho, and
many others paid for their independence with blood,
bur the cofontal government in South Afric:
strong until the 1980s, Finally, even it fel
‘out much in the way of supematural intervention. The
shifters were doing their part, though; if I undenstarul
correctly, some of the most effecti
‘were staged by nothing other than Bone
the Mayi'o Simba had to have hada hand in partie
fall. However, any such contributions were putely mun-
dane in narure, since most shifters had mote immediate
problems to deal with. They hud to protece what
they could from being aughtered,andthisalone proved
to bea Herculean effort

Today, Southern Africa is ahiaven for the cheetah
aind leopard populations of Africa. Outside of the
Serengeti, these animals have few other places call
home; they survive hetc despiteconstant pressure fev
Afrikaner farmers and ranchers, whe shoot them on
sightasthreatsto their heeds. [esonly in che parks that
they are safe, and itisonly there that some semblance

Ajab

ings, unaided,

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East 95

aa iimianl ies; 2


th

of the diversity South Africa once knew remains.
Kruger isthe largest of these parks, and itis one of the
last refuges of the Amadu'o Simba. However it is the
Swara who dominate hete, breeding readily with the
humans of neighboring Swaziland, which shares the
southern border of the park. The Bagheera, too, lay
<laim to this area, and they use it as an anchothead for
extending the influence of Gaia's children into South-
ern Africa. Ultimately, however, it will be lefe to the
lone to police this urea; all of South Africa's
other Bastet Kin have fallen to human predations.
Perhaps thistrend will be reversed in the years to come;
lions have been seen leaving the confines of Kruger,
and they are being allowed to do so. Teas, perhaps, a
false hope, but itis all we have,
With the abolition of apartheid, an unexpected
shift has occurred within the polities of our most rechu-
cousins — the Rokea. Since the Table Bay oil spill
in 1983 some sixty kilometers from Cape Town, the
weresharks have exhibited tremendous interest in the
growth of human industry in these areas: However,
movemenc on land, whether ro attack industrial com-
plexes which require or move emde oil or simply 94a
means of exploration, had been largely limited by the
South African Group Areas Act, which curtailed the
movements of Africans throughout the nation. Do you
wee how this happened? Since they make no particular
distinction between humans of different skin color, the
human laws were rather confusing to the Rokea, who
found themselves hounded by Aftikaner police when

they came whore as weaning ie skins of native Alei-

cans. With the change in government, their move-
ments on land are much less restricted, and as a result
attacks on industrial complexes have increased dra
mutically. These attacks, once fairly sporadic, have
become more coordinated of late. A tervified Rokea has

told an

hat the source of this uncharacteristic ccordi-
is a huge Karkha ealled Shreds-the-Surface,
though many shifters in South Arica simply call hima
Shreds, He is not Wyrm-tainted, bur he'l tear anyone
he encounters on land to pieces anyway. While his
cfortsto stop the Wyrm are commendable, his extremn-
inm is dangerous, particularly when Africans find them-
selves forced to tum to forests for fuel wood because a
Power tation hasbeen destroyed, Avoid him ifpossible.

Here's pure rumor for you: The new tegime has
alto, #9 I've heard, affected those Rokea born of hu-
mans, of who choose for whatever reason to live on
land. They have allegedly been making alliances to
save themselves from war parties launched by their
‘oceanic brethren — I don't know why they're fighting
in the first place, but Lean only assume it's a surfeit of
Rage —andl some of these alliances have been strange

indeed. I've heard rales of shark-people acting as
enforcers for Black Tooth in the lat yeats of histeign;
makes sense, as his magics could hide their location
from their pursuers. Wath his fall, rumor has i, they
have made contact with and begun talking to the
‘Swara about the Umbra, and how they might negoti-
ate itt escape their fates. The Swara have litle aid to
‘offer thus far, but they know well.what ies like tobe
hunted andso they hide the in-betweeners when they
can, Saily, | believe some weresharks have thrown in
their lot with what few vampires have managed to
thread their way throughout the government, using
their influence to stay a few steps ahead of the ocean
dwellers. Such individuals ate threats to us as much as
anyone, so don't shed too many teats if you find
yourself torced to kill one.

Namibia

Though the status of the Swara's cat Kin ance
looked bleak, they are now on the rebound. Proof of
the mote positive aspects of humanity ts now ircefut-
able, for itis humans who set themselves the goal of
peeserving the cheetah in the wild: In Namibia, South,
Africa's neighbor to the northwest, some 90% ofall
cheetahs roam on private farmland, and they are shot
for their transgressions, Humans seeking to sive them,
however, have endeavored to work closely with the
owners of these lands, using cheetah psychology to
control their travels and make the prospect of co-
existence somewhat more tenable. As it happens, the
cheetah are deathly ufaid of dogs: some Strider I've
talked to speculate that this isaremnant ofthe Warf
Rage, but I think it's just because cheetals are weird.
No matter the reason, biologists seeking to save the
cheetah found that by giving dogs to the ranchers of
Namibia they could ave the cheetah populations fo
extinction at the hands of humans. It is ironic and
Taughable, but it works, so who am Ito argue?

‘When most people think of Aftica they think of
Third World nations, poor in all things. Not so in
Namibia; the roads are good and the economy even
better. and the government hax dene well fe itself since
it wom its independence from South Africa in 1990. Its
urbanized enough thar thingslike lions just won't do, and
assuch they were eradicated long ago. Cheetahs arene
wel liked either, bt they're harder toil because they're
a bit more sectstive. The resemblance between the
cchectah'splighthereand thatofwolvesin North America
suncanny; the faccthat much oftheir conservation bails
‘down o figuring when they can be she is eerter even stil
The Swara seem to have things well in han, thogh;
Wynn-thingscomehere, seeking to uin foothold inthe
wake of Black Tooth's destruction, but the Swara have

%6 A World of Rage

J/cm


oe AA

proven suprisingly effective ae warding offsuch intelop:
ers Much ofthis is due to a colonial Swara named Tins
Grellman. Though eat-borm rather tan homid, he was
raibed by Afrikaner Swara Kin, and he knows as much
about how humans work as any human. He's quite
scriking in Feline form, having the rare king cheetah
morph, and hisabibity cotraverseche worldsof animal and
human.and physical and spirie, has hroaght him tremen-
doussuccessin organizing defersesagainst W/yrm theeaes.
He'sagood ally, and open to working with others so long
as they show the proper respect.

Despite Grellman'scfforts,itisonly amatverof tine
until the vampires reestablish themselves; with so many
Swara runningaround, though, that may be slong time
coming. I know many of the Leeches have taken huge
kesses with the change in South Africa's government;
the recent shakeup in their ranks might have unsettled
chem even further, sosome might be getting desperate.
ve calked to Grellman about this, and he's pretty
concemed about it; he hasn't asked for helpasof ye, but
I think he will soon have no other option.

Botswana

To the north of South Aftics lies the Kalahari
Desert, one of the least hospitable pieces of land in the
entire world. This place covers Botswana, swallowing
up some 75% of the country, hefore yielding to the
magnificent Okavango delta to the north. Here, the
waters of the Okavango River empry into the flat
desercand create a paradise of islands and lagoons that
summon wildlife in droves, This rich, bountiful land is
home to the Mays' tribe of the Simba, and itis here
they made cheis firstalliances with the Kucha Ekundu
camp of the Red Talons.

The Okavango is a sanctuary and haven to a
scaggering array of wildlife species; elephant and hippo
lounge here annually, and lions, hyenas, and hunting
dogs huncas though they stood in the gates of Heaven,
ivell. Where the Serengeti is famous because of its
diversity of wildlife, the Okavango is famous for its
diversity of ecosystems. I isthe stuff of fever dreams,
and yet it is entirely real,

Botswana sin many ways southern Africa's success
story; it has an incredibly stable economy, relying al-
mostexclusively on itsmineral reservesfor itscontinued
success, anc! has heen ranked higher even than South,
Africa in terms of development, Since most of the
country is dominated by the Kalahari, and thus subject
to frequent drought, agriculture is nowhere nearly as

axtensive here ae it bs in the rest of southem Africa,
Instead, cattle ranching is more the norm; crops are
sown mainly for immediate consumption, instead of
for their market value, Botswana's infrastructure is also

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

—————

impressive; highways have been. builr to link regions
across the desert, and while its railways are limited they
nonetheless form a critical link in the African railway
system. Air links between urban reas are impressive,
and the country boasts three international airports.
‘Though tourism is a small industry at present, teis
growing in economic significance. The Okavango
delea, Savuti, Gemsbok, and Chobe cational parks,
and the Kalahari itself draw tourists in the thousands,
and rightly s0; few places in Africa can best Borswana's
incredible wildlife reserves. Chobe, a stone's throw
from Namib unbta, and Zimbabwe, is thick with
elephants, and Savuti hassome of the most audacious
lions in the world —while mast are content ta feast on
wildebeest and the occasional x

alle elephants. A number of Garou assume such kills

are the Simba's doing, but this is not the case. Indeed,
the Mayi'o revere Savuti's lions because of their fro:
cious andacity, siring cubs within the prides to
strengthen their bestial halves. The continual war
between Savut's ions and hyenas, though, is almost
certainly a product of Simba aggression. Thoush it
‘tclear where Kisasi and her supporters originated,
wutiisa good bet; it sonly here that the hyenasexist
in numbers strong enough to rival those of East Africa.

Despite ite succest, however, Botswana is now a
lund of suffering. Cattle suck the land ofits limited plant
life, and theirovergracing isdestroying what little arable
land the region holds, The Kalahin's tides encroach
upon the land at every tus in the months since
Black Tooth'sdeath it has become apparent that he ws
holdingdarkerpowersin check deep within the shifting
sands of the desert. Whether this was a manifestation of
the Wyrm oF something even more alien is unclear, but
it is spreading, claiming all the land it touches. But,
desertification is only the beginning; wharever this
forceis,itisfouling Botswana's water supplics as well. Ac
‘one time up 10 93% of the country's inhabitants had
access to fresh water, bur no longer, now, supplies have
been shrinking rapidly, and the effects of drought are

magnified every year. Hakimu is tryin to organise «
party to investigate the issue, bur there is so much

posturing between his supporters and those of Kisast
that his efforts have proven less than sticcessful, Soon,
\wewill have toestablihcontact withthe Kucha Ekundu,
gainingtheirustandusing them to help us idenity this
piece of Wyrm-taint and expunge it That i, of course,
far more easily sad than done.

Central Africa

‘Central Africa is dominated by the Congo River
basin, one of the most remote und least explored areas

97

TY,


|

ee AA

on Earth and counted asa stronghold of many of Gaia's
children. Though the kand i tom by strife, this place
ts the wat of the Aladi and forms the foundation for
rmuany shifters' war wo take back Africa from the chaos
that consumes it now. Strange things, terrible dhings
were awakened here by Black Tooth's death cry,
‘Central Africa's Changing Breeds are only now learn-
ing of the many things he keprat hay while he terme:
ized the land. In addition, vampires and other
supemuturals are taking advantage of the civil wars,
which iow havea stranglehold on the continent, and
the Mokolé und Buster are waging a ferocious cam-
paign to annihilate their influence once snd for all.
They come perilouuly close torending the Veil, but we
stand ready to aid them in any way we can,

Congo River Basin

Ic is an odd thing, pethaps, to find in a place 40
plagued with drought and strife as Africa a region of
tuncomguered life. When contrasted with the vastness of
wira to the north, of the teaming herds in the
rolling plains to the east and south, it ty somewhat
ing (o find a place of such incredible richness as
the Congo nestled in the crook of the western African
<oast, Reaching from Nigeria vo Angolaalong the coast,
suid from the coast to Rwanda in the interior, the Congo
basin is deceptively vast. The Congo is home to
ration of Mokolé in the world, and
meland. Similarly, the Bagheera
live here in numbers unmatched throughout the world
They and the Makolé are king: here, snd this ea place
where others will not fellow. Unfortunately itis lo a
place of slaughter and destruction; this is its tale
Four anda half centuriesago, the Porruguese arrived
here to find « kingdom as orderly and well governed as
their own, with a system of courts and kings and vassals
and a bureaucratic organisation anakygous to that of
Europe. For a time, the Kingdom of Kongo and the
Porruguese thiey took as neighbors lived in peace, ex-
changing ambasssdors, religious missionacies, and meth
cds of government. It was a peace boen of conquest,
though, ws the Kongo people could teach the Europeans
aathingorrwoabourthenaturect subjugation they raed
slaves with the Portuguese, furthering the global skive
trade as they learned about the European ways. As such,
the Portuguese respected the Kong's sovereignty for a
tumne, both our of desite and of necessity
The Bagheera and Mokolé-mbembe of the tiver
hasin looked on these events with distress, ax they
tolen from them at a terrifying
rate. While it is true that the moat central and least
accessible areas of the rainforest were largely. un-
touched by the slave trade, the defilement of den-

98

—_—


eA fhe

realms nid nests like was still extensive. hey tought
asbest they coud, but were overwhelmed by numbers
and supernatural threats lost to the mists of rime. They
did the only thing they could do in such a situation:
they pulled back and waited, watching fora time when
they might reclaim their ancestral birthrights,

The accord between the Kongoand the Poruguese
could never last, of course: while the Kongo nilers were
happy to expore subjugared tribes as slaves, the vora-
ciousness of the Portuguese wassucl that the kingdom
found itsranks thinning rapidly. Growingconcern over
the state of afiuirsctrasned the relationship between the
Kongo rulers and the Europeans, bur ic made no differ-
ence. Eventually the region waspartitioned upberween
France, Belgium, and Portugal, and centuries of revolu:
‘don and stifle followed, which co we, ever to this
day, Only the Mokoté could tell you for sure how much
theyand the Baghcera were involved in this disruption;
it i unquestionable thar they were active, bur the
history of the area is 30 chuotic that the full extent of
their activities may never be known.

The modem day Congo River basin issplit between
two countries: these are the Republic of the Cory and
the Democratic Republic of the Congo. Of these, the
‘more significancto the Garouis the DetmoeraticRepub-
licofthe Congo, known until very recently as aire. The
country occupies an area fully a quarter of the size of the
United States, and it has population in excess af 50
million people. The potential for this region in all
respects is unimaginable, bur it suffers from:constant
conflict and heavy inflixes of refugees from every quar
ter. The country's infrastructure is poor, the govern
ment is rife with corruption, and murky economic
Policies and stillborn foreign aid effores stifle the
economy, The greatest strain on the region, however,
comes in the form of refugees spilling over the borders
from neighboring countries. In the wake of genocide in
Rwanda, nearly a million refigees flooded into the
country, only retuming when the Congo civil war
erupted in 1996, In addition, hundreds of thousands of
Angolans, Burundi, Sudanese, and Ugandan refugees
now call the Conga home, and there is nothing the
jpovernment can do to help them. Kenewed hostiines
between the national und rebel forces in 1998 haven't
helped matters, resulting in yet more displacement

The Cony is the last hope for some of Africa's
shifters, particularly the Bagheera and the Mokolé-
mbembe. While the leopards and crocodiles are being
slaughtered us vermin throughout much of Africa,
here they sill exisein the hundreds of thousands. They
ate nor safe, but their numbers are strong, and the
shifters who rely on them are likewise fairly well off.
Since recovering the Spear of MokoléMbembe, the

greatest weapon ‘ot his kind, Swims-in-Mbembers
‘Wake has roused the Mokolé to action; how they will
choose wield their influence remains to be seen, but
they are unquestionably more active now than they
haveever been before. The destruction of the forests is
theirma and they combat the inclustry th:

fuels its destruction. The refugees that crowd the
Congo's borders are proving especially problema

although they are not by any stretch of the imagine
Wyrm-tainted, they are nonetheless destroying huge
areasof rainforest in their quest for fuel wood. They
1 problem with no. simple solution, for the
simply be expunged or killed. The Mokolé recogni
this, and do what they can to aid them, However, the
Mokolé are not the only ones who take it upon them
elven to aid the refuigeoss tales hu
displaced men and women who were treated to staysin
magnificent estates within the forest borders, areas

Black Tooth's death cry swepr through the wl
of Africa, and with its touch everyone changed. His
final roar was heard deep within the Congo jungles,
and as a result even the mysterious An: i ha
become more active than is their wont. They have
ventured out from their ancieat homes, striking at
vampires throughout the Congo with incredible feroc-
ity. The reason for this upswing in their activity is
unclear; they had no part in the eradication of the
Endless Scorm, and are not apart of the Abus far as
anyone knows. For whatever reason, though. the
werespiders have become a force to be reckoned with.
The Bagheera and Mokolé tend to avoid them.

There is one other shifter network in the Congo
basin, burwedon'rtalk abourit much, This is che Umbn
‘tunnel network of Lord Ebola, « Ritkin of some rept
Like the Anan he refused tabecome partofthe Ahadi,
sand he showed! no interest in helping us deal with Black
Toothorhisminions. Inpoincof fact, he mighteven have
been a silent ally of the Dark Lord. Reguniless, he now
seems content to snipe at the human refugees flecing
sahout,eaming him the enmity of bh the shifters native
tothe Congo and the few werewolves visitng the region.
Incerestingly enough, however, there seems to be an
underground underground of sorts, where rats of modest
station tke it upon themselves to sort out thes with the
Gaianncighhorsin response toincreased Wyrmish activ-
ity deep within the jungle. On at least one occasion } suv
apairealkingtoa Kucha Ekunduund {'veheard thactheit
rnetworksextend roancientplaceseven the Mokolé have
forgotten, This is nonsense, of course, but the extent of
theircunnelsis broad indeed, and ifthey could be courted
1s allies our mobility would increase tenfold.

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East 9

ELLE TTT LE IT)


|

The Congo's shifters take no part in the human
politicsofeitherthestareorthe other nationssharingits
borders; they are sick to death cf the slaughter which
chamcterizes this part of Africa, and they re deter-
mined to see it end. Taking advantage of curfews and
‘martial law to sneak into citiesandd cull thene they deem
unworthy, they are proving amazingly adept ar secking
out and destroying vampires, mages, and a varicty of
other independent supernatural types, None are truly
insulated from their wrath; whether rebels or govern-
‘ment forces, humans or Wyrm-spawned pawns of pup-
pet dictatoxs — all ace falling to their teeth anid claws,
and they will see peace and stabulity in che Congo ifthey
hhave to slaughter every pretender to rulership to dev it.

There are Garou here as well, but make no mistake:
these ure not hospitable lands for them. The Mokolé
and the Bagheera treat them as outsiders, and there are
few enough here that they cannot coordinate effec-
tively. It is only by granting the crocodiles and panthers
immense respect that they are permitted ro stay, and
‘even then few remain for long. Contrary ta what you
might have heard, the influence ofthe Black Furieshere
‘s actually quite limited. They have twa permanent
cacms deep in the basin, but their septs ate small and
ever-changing, These are currently used as bases of
operation for coordinating relief efforts among the mul-
titude of refugees pouring over the bordecs daily they
haven't the influence to do much else, and now more
than ever they bow to the will of the Mokolé and the
Bagheera. As for other werewolves, there are rumors of
Glass Walker activity near the borders, dealing with
improving the infrastructure of the area, but I've yet to
meet any who would admit to such things. Such deeds
come close 10 breaking their vow to the Nation, and
that's something 1 don'e think they're prepared to do.

The Abadi aside, recent events deep within the
Congo are making the Mokolé and Bagheera rethink
theic policies on the Garou, Ancient evils once again
wallethe world, traversing the nearly eanspuarenc gaunt
lecwithin the basin to wreak havocon the surrounding
lands. The Black Furies were the first to sound the
alarm, arid the Mokolé have not foreotten this, Several
of the werewolves have joined the native shifters in
battle against these new threats, and some have even
died in the defense of nests and den-realms, The
Mokolé and Bagheeta do not forgee such things, and
they pay their debrs. What chis will mean for Garou
operating in the region is unclear, but relations among
all concerned we fairly stable at the moment. Perhaps
welll got ie righ this time around.

Central African Republic

It seems that if anything can go wrong in the
‘Cencral African Republic, someone wil find a way to

100

ee ee

make it happen. Though ance bailed as one of the last
great wildlife refugesin Africa, widespread poachinghas
shattered that reputation, Constant military uprisings
—to the tune of three mutinies of the armed forces in
1996alone —have contributed tothe political instail-
ity that characterizes most of central Affica. Extensive
deforestation to the south and harmattan winds fem
the north strain the environment to the heeaking point
and beyand, The constant political rurmotl has de-
stroyed many businesses in the eapical, which isaccually
a good thing from the point of view of the few Bazhecra
who can tolerate che place. The fighting slows the
raping of the land considerably, but the price is hordes
of vampires who consider the place a happy hunting
grounds s0 torn up politically and economically that no
one is safe trom their tender mercies,

Oddly enough, the goverment never seems to
stabilize cnough for true corruption to set in; social
unrestisthe nonmhere, and that makestravel through-
out the region exceedingly dangerous, This is unfortue
nate, since the country ishome to Bamingui-Bangoran
and St. Flores Narional Parks, which are possily the
matt pristine national parke in all of Africa. Every.
thing from pygmies to elephants lives hete, and one
caneven find lowland gorillas on n good day, Poachers,
mostly from Sudan, have gurted most of the diversity
these parks once enjoyed. The Deangn Sangha Re
serve to the southwest is much more interesting in an
ecological sense, as it is home to some of the country's
fast remaining virgin rainforest. Thete are secrets
aplenty tobe found heres ianeighboring Cameron,
if one is brave enough to seek chem,

Simba, Bagheera, and Mokolé can all be found
here, though none in significant numbers. [do know of
‘one Mokolé whiactsasn guide in Ramingui-Bangoron:
he's a frienuly lirele pygmy named Henry (though his
Mokoléname is Seeks- Wonder) who's very approach
ible about most things. Just be sure you dan'r gee him
riled, though, It's tough to do, bur when it happens,
watch out. Some of Lord Ebala's brood might be
lurkingaround aswell, ashis tunnels reach througheut
the Caneo. which neighbors the CAR to the south
Pickings are good here if you'te a wererut, but the risks
involved are disgusting.

West Africa

When the European powers pulled out of Africa in
the 19605, West Africa suffered for it more than any
other region on the continent. While other areas were
more or less prepared for independence, or at lest
demanding it, West Africa crumbled into a multitude
of smaller nations, each suffering from many of the

same maladies. Poor economies, corruption, drowgh

A World of Rage

——— ne, 2


tft

deforestation, desertification, and territorial disputes
characterize much of the region, and it has hecome a
breeding ground for industrial exploitation and super-
natural corruption on a massive scale, Emblematic
‘examples of such countries are described below.
Nigeria

‘Still recovering from its civil war three decades
ago, AMfrica's most populous nation remains a land
deeply divided in every way imaginable. Religious
tensions have been on the rise since the adoption of
shia, or Isami law it many predominantly Chris-
tian areas, and the conflicts between the affluent oil
companies and the poor populating the delta have led
todemonstrationsand riots leaving thousands dead. It
should come as no surprise, then, that Nigeria is arich
feeding ground for manifestations of the Wyrm, nor
that these in tum draw Gaia's children in droves
Garou of all sorts come here, particularly Glass Walk-
ex, secking to slow the development of the country's
coil industries. While Pentex has many tendrils in
Africa, none are so steong as those strewn about the
Nigerian coast, and the city Gatou undermine their
cffortsatevery turn. The Bagheera reveal their cosmo-
politan nature here often working in tandem with the
werewolves to disrupt Pentex operations on an inter-
national scale. The Rokea strike at Lagos from the
const; and the Ratkin foul crops from within, sowing
the seeds of furine on a massive scale (I'm not sure
whether these are connected to those in the Congo or
not} think not, but nothing would eurprive me), The
country is one step away from Impergium, and the
shifters are less interested in natural areas ot national
stability than they are in corporate sabotage and cull-
ing the growing human populations. Some with hu-
‘manitarian concernsprocest such extremism, but their
worries re swepe aside by the urgent need for action.

While much of Africa is involved in bloody civil
wars, Nigeria is the poster child for unchecked popula-
sion growth, and the situation there is spiraling out of
control. Once an exporter of food, the country is now
beginning to suffer for its lack of resources to feed its
people. The government is highly comnupt, and bribery
and abuse by both officials and members of law enforce-
rmentrunsrampant. Vampiricinfluence increasnightly,
particularly with respect to the illegal drug trade: Nige-
naservesasa waystation for heroin shipments bound for
Europe and Asia, and so operations here are intensify
ing, The Silent Serider presence in the coastal cities has
increased in rexponse to this, and in fact we use Lagos as
waypoint to the Amazon and the war fought therein.
The ties, boch corporate and supematural, between
Nigeria and Brazil are strong indeed.

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

LLLP LS TS ST TOT TT

Nigeria gained independence from the British jn
1960, and promptly fell victim to inter-mmbal srife
which culminated in a painful civil war lasting from
1966-1968. The peace thar followed the warwaseagerly
embraced and more-or-less lasting, though the govern:
ment fell to corruption quickly. Nigeria's potential
influence on the rest of Africa is immense, in both
economic and political rerme, and ite role in African
affairs would be great indeed were it not so hobbled by
political instability and poor macroeconomic manage-
ment, The Glass Walkers can take some credit for this,
burnot much; intemal strife in Pentex caused a locof it,
as did plain old human corruption and incompetence.

‘The Kucha Ekundu used to have Kin here, in Kuiny
Lake National Park and contiguous Boru Game Re
serve, They haven'tbeen sighted for awhile, chough, and
ae probably extines, mostly de to the intense poaching
common throughout the area. The lake itself was te
source of some significant curmoil a coupe of years ag,
‘much of it Pentex related. Due to poor maintenance, te
Kainji Lake dam gave way to torrential mins, floeding a
fair number of settlements dewnsteeam. A, lot of people
died that day, and there was no one there tw stop from
happening, Pentex won that round, but payback'sa bitch
and the Bagheera and Stridersare seeingtoitthar they get
what's coming to them,

On a bright note, the Mokolé in Ibadan have a
different perspective on the situation in Nigeria than
most. They are responsible for the city's inclusion in
the UN-sponsored Sustainable Cities Progen, an
endeavor meant co enhance ure city's facilities such
that the people therein are less subject to impover
ished conditions. As tropical Africa's largest indig-
‘enous city, Ibadan was an ideal candidate for the
project. The Mokolé here fight the Wyrm in the
subtlest mannet possible: they seek the Well-being of
the humans under their care in such a way that theit
needs do not conflict with those of Gaia, Though this
isnota battle which can be won with clawsand reeth,
1 do know of a few Black Furies who have become
involved in the project; since conflicts from Lagos
‘occasionally spread as far as Ihadan, the extra protec
tion probably doesn's hurt

There's an awful lorof intrigue going on in Nige
tia. Lot of politics; lots of drugs, ors of problems lots
of folks trying to take advantage of it all. If you have to
travel there, rake friends, and watch your step,

Cote YJvoire

Home w whut were once the largest forests in all
of West Africa, the Ivory Coast has fang been an area
of minor interest for the Garou, as well as other
supernatural ofall sorts. Gaining independence from

10


ee SZ

France in 1960, Cote d'Ivoire has been trying for years:
totum itsec

‘omy around, all to no avail, While itis
politically, its economy seems to shun
wing ita bit player at best in the interna.
of the Frane Zone curren:

"spite
hog the

In teuth, the slow development of Cate dvi
womy doesn't bother the few shifters native to th
le bit. The country is home to Comoé
the largest natural reserve in West
and the few Bagheera who live here are content
to warch over the remaining, wildlife herds as the
country around themstagnates. Moreadventuroustypes
find plenty to keep them occupied in the cities, particu:
larly the capinal of Abidjan, a are minor transition
points for the heroin trade. In addition to guaranteeing
« fair amount of international hijinks, particularly from

US and Latin America, this albo brings: various
denizensof the World of Darkness outof the woodwork

The vampires here are fairly bold, using theirservantsto
take victims even in beoal a nd their presence
has drawn some packs of Si sountry

in pursuit. When coupled with the extensive eritninal

ismakes the Ivory Coast a phice

Botwe find many ofourown interests here as well
Tui Narional Park is proving to be silent battleground
between ghostly Banes and the Bagheera who make
this their home. The Tat is home to some of the last
rainforests in West Africa, and the flora hete is ttuly
astonishing — there are t hat cower 150 feet
above the ground, and the air is rich with ancient

wer rarcly scen where in the workd. However, «
i of desolation holds fast in the T
being there brings with i
eerie, almost haunted, It's
despite the bea

visit usually can't wait to leave.

‘Only the Baghvera can sta
recently seen evidence of Wyrm-possesse
even deep within the sanctu happening
here is unclear, but it merits further investigation.
That's what the Bagheera do, though, so if you hear
from one about this, ke ready to ust. The pak is further
hres ed by the influx of refugees wv Liberia,
followingthe civilwarthatbegan in 1989. Ofthe three
hundred and fifty thousand who've trickled over the
border in the last decade some 85 thousand remain,
and they use the forest for fuel wood when th
arises. The Bagheer fight this as well, chough theit
focus is shifting mote and more to their more Wyrm-
heavy problems by th.

for long, andthey have

wildlife

ed


Liberia

‘Though ic shouldn't come as.a surprise to anyone
sven the strife its soem lately, Liberia is an ecological
nightmare given form. On the lanl rainforestsare lost,
a frightening rate, and theie los leads to a concurrent
loxs of biodiversity and degraded soils which make the
lini! more vulnerable to flooding and other ecological
catastrophe. Not content to stop with the kand, how
‘ever, Liberian industries contaminate the sea as well,
pumping raw sewage into coastal waters and caring not
a whit about the oil residue chat contaminates the
country's teritorial waters: Endron is doing quite well
for jselfhere, as came into the country tohelp rebuild
the place and set up shop shredding the tees for devel-
‘opment concemsand pollutingthi waters to fel aquatic
Thubicats off che coast. In che meantime, they maintain
strong ties with vampire-infested markers for heroin
ound for the Middle East and cocaine bound for
Europe, keeping connectivity high between operations
in South America and those scattered throughout West
Arica and Southwest Asia. Not many in the Pentex
hierarchy can claim to be so efficient in their destrac-
Hon, and Endron is soaking up status like amd.

Extensive though its environmental problems
are; the Liberian government is more interested in
rebuilding the country after seven years of civil war
than it is in playing nice with the environment.
Resettling refugees is one of the main concems,
and violent political squabbles have hindered the
reconstruction process. Though rich in natural te-
sources of all types, Liberia's economy will only
survive with the id of foreign investors; having
Endron show up on their doorstep in 1997 must
have seemed like a reprieve from God. They'te on
their way to rebuilding, but they've no idea of the
serpent they've allowed into their midst.

Tean with the concems of the gov-
ernment; afer all, e's only rational to look after your
‘vin people befare you begin to focus heavily on the
envionment. Unfortunately, the Rokea are not 30

nga f,Some cal chis part of Africa home, and
vil au sewage wo bist chem
lifetime. Choosing to make theie displeasure known
inthe most direct manner possible, they've taken to
invading the shores of Monrovia and sabotaging the
tnvlustries hased there, killing any unfortunates who
happen across their paths. They've managed to pick
quite a fight with Endron, and they haven't bothered
to communicate with the rest of us as to their inten-
tions o desires. [ wish them the best of luck, but
there's litele we ein do for such loase cannons when,
they won't deign to coordinate their efforts with
those who would be their allies

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

——————— is

North Africa

Wthere isany place in Africa we Garou might call
cour own, itis the deserts of North Africa. This is the
homeland, if such can be said to exist, for the Silent
Striders, and it isfrom here we wage our w
vampires, who seek co cortupe the oldest cult
humaomity in the world. Save for dhe barks of the Nile
the presence of other shifters here is nigh-undetect
able; the cats have all been butchered over the years,
the streams choked to death by the desere, the quiet
places where spiders roam blown away by harmattan
winds. Only we persevere, and in the wake of Blick
Tooth's death we h
fors inwarsof annihilation which seek
very presence from the lind. The Ahad) has given us
a renewed sense of unity and purpose, and we have
been transformed frum beleaguered soldiers on the
cusp of extinction into relentless warriors who will
stop at nothing to free our land from the coils of the
‘Wynn and the bands of our ancient curse. Let the
world beware, for we ate reborn,

Egypt

Perhaps more than any other land on Earth, Egypt
is a place of secrets, Weaving through long-seales
tombs hifting sands, and urban alleys, the hove here is
ancient and vast, and this is true of its inhabitants as
well, More populous than any other country in Africa
save Nigeria, Egypt is home to a bewildering array of
Fbunuus aud those why prey on them, all shrouded in
secrecy and packed intanastonishingly small area In
recent times the place has grown even mone crowded,
and correspondingly more dangerous. {risa hunting
ground, in a-very literal sense, aru its legacies haunt
Gaia's children even now. Sometimes tis we who are
hunters; we strike with speed and secrecy, using our
imagics to guide us as we learn our secrets and strike out
at old foes. Mostly, however, we are prey, for despite
our great power even we fall to force of numbers, and
‘numbers are the one thing the drinkers of blood have
on their side

‘The importance of Eayptiin Africa and the Mile
East cannot be underestimated. It controls the Sina
Peninsula, which inks Africa and the rest of the
Eastern Hemisphere, and the Suez Canal, the shortest
link between the Mediterranean Sea and the Indian
Ocean. It issituated opposite Israel, which establishes
itsrole in the Middle East, an its status.us.a waypoint
between North and South, East and West makes ita
potent lure for supernatural of all sores.

The Nile River, once Falemic, has lessened in signif
cance in the lat century, due to bath the gradual drying

103


Rien care

oe AA

of North Africa and the construction ofthe Aswan Damn.
This latter development has radically altered the lives of
Egy' Mokolé populations; once they ruled the land, but
thedamchangedeverything. Theyhavesincefled upriver
intothe Sudan, though they eum tohelp the Bubastion
cceasion when asked, The dam has had other effects as
well; without periodte flooding, the bunks of the Lower
Nile have dried up, cucninyg to desert and desuoying the
agriculrural base on which the people have depended for
slong. Industry powered by the dam results in oil runofis
tha polhute coral reefs and marine habitats, damage that
ts compounded by pesticides and the dumping of rew
sewage intothe river. Insimplest terms, the riverisamess,
and cleaning icup will beeven messiee. The more I think
about that, the more I wonder if we shouldn't count
‘ourselves lucky to be forever exiled from our ancestral
home

Corruption is rife here in Egypt, but itis subtle. I
not tell you who, oF what, of where, or when, but
nn taste itall around you Those who come here
give up on fighting overt battles quickly, as they find
there is nothing to fight. Only the Bubastiean hope to
break even in such games, and even they find them.
selves suffering for it more often than not. Some would
have you believe that all rhae transpires here is super:
natural in origin; for example, the rise and fall of
Egyptian governments has been attributed to vampiric
clans, orshupeshifter Kin, or magical influence, or any
umber of other things: In truth, though, Egyptian
history has been mostly human in origin; the
supernaturals only wike credit ufter the humans have
done their dirty work. I do not know the details of
otherworldly involvement, here. However, [can tell
you that nearly every supernatural in existence has
some ties here, and thar the information networks in
and around the major cities tend tobe quite extensive.
You'll have to find the specifics on your own, though
1 am to tell you of the Wyrm and Gaia's children, riot
the other denizens of the world, Pay attention, then,
for this is what they ace up to.

Long ago, vampires fought for control of this place,
andwehavebeen dealing with the fallout eurr sine: Chee
expulsion ftom Egype by Serso longagohas leftthe others
skulking in shadows, fighting an ever-growiny enemy as
theirowninumbersdwindle ronothing. The Bubastihave
been waging a protracted war with the ancient ones for
centuries, but their efforts have always been solitary in
nature, They hive recently sectochanging this, however,
Yeats ago, lencountereda Strider who spoke fivorably of
the Rite of Dy at Wisdons. He xambled on at fergie

vampire warlocks and the secrets they might hold,
and while I thoughchim mad I lechim pass; his death was
his own business, and T want no truck with one who

you:

104


A ft

engages in such obscene rituals, Now, years later, Ihave
encountered Harbingers who speak of the Bubasti with
respect and eagerness; indeed, they speak of the mystics
with awe. | cannot say whut exactly che Bubasti have
done to eam such ester, or even what role the Eaters
played in their plans; in ruth, I think I'm better off nox
knowing. But ldo know this: Bubust knowledge of magic
and spirit is unparalleled among Gaia's children, and e
perhaps the rumors of che weakening of Ser's ancient
cure hold era.

Asfor their own kind, the Bubasti skirmishes with
the vamptees infesting Egypt continue unabated. They
fight the Leeches beneath the city, within the walls of

pyramids, and across the desert to Alexandria and
beyond. As members of the Ahadi they have called
upon aid trom Silent Striders on a few occasions, using

custo clearout dug-in nests of vampires when their own
magics prove Insufficient for the task. We perform
these tasks gladly, forthey further our own goulsas well
reinforcing allegiances with the cats.

‘With the ratification of che Aha, the Silent Strid-
es have gone on the warpath. In che wake of Black
Toorh's and the recent shakeup in vampiric society
Walks-With-Mighe has been leading his pack on more
and mote rid throughout Africa, curtinga bloody swath
from Riyadh to Cairo, to Casablanca and Lagos, to Cape
Town and Nairobi. Theirefforts have even taken themto
Colombia and Brazil chasing their vampiric foes around
the world. Common wisdom holds thar the vampires will
always have an advantage, since they can sire & dozen
‘Locches ina single night, buc daat's not stopping Walks
With-Mighr and his pack. The vampires are nothing
without experience, and even the old ones are on post
fooung when confronted witha highly trained and well-
coordinated Garoupack. Inadditien, Walke-With- Might
helpedengineer the Ahadi,and now he usesittodemand
aid from any shifter he encounters in the pursuit of his
goals. Any who might suspect his motives put aside their
aspicion when he ceats them with respect, honors their
homes, andbowstothe will ofthe spins midingthem. As
such, the Bastet share secrets with him and the Makolé
teach hitn ong foxeotten things, which make himand his
packall but unstoppable. Precious litle can stand before
hrm, andl because of this he Africa as far as most Giarou
are concerned. One day or another his luck will run out,
fur not before he's delivered his share and mote of
vampires to final death,

Morocco

Situnced between the worldsof Europe and Africa,
Morocco has always had a fairly unique flavor about i

Many Silent Striders consider this country their sec-
cond home, as it is fairly stable and a good substitute for

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

——————— is. ,

their roots within Egypr. One ofthe most powerful and
famouscaemsin the world, the Wheel of Ptah, can be
found in Casablanca, and the Barbary Coast to the
north is a place of great social significance for both
normal humans and the denizens of the World of
Darkness. There are some political ismies here, rainy
from administration of the Sahara Desert' land
digputes wich Spain, and the issue of native peoples is
‘one which receives a fair amount of attention, but the
country's status as a crossroads and its reputation for
‘openness make it quite attractive nonetheless

Environmental issues tn the area are as stjmificant
as they are anywhere else, but there are no real crises
brewing; heSuriderswork cokeep thingsaecessble. and
this means keeping a low profile and avoiding. pro-
tracted conflicts when pose. The cacm is secing an
awful lot of use lately, mainly from Walks-With-Might
aand his allies, but for the most part traffic hasn's been
adversely affected much. With the adventof the Ahadi,
other shifters have begun to make entreaties for access
to the caer; such requests have not yer been honored,
though the subject is one which has engendered sn
debate among the Garou who know of it. No one wants
‘a werecat prancing around the sept, but on the other
hand there's also no reason to alienate newfourd allies,
particularly onesthatare provinguseful in bactlesagainst
the vampires which infect the rest of Africa.

Asstrange sort of dérente exists between the vam
pres occupying Tangier to the north and the Silene
Striders of Casablanca, To call this arrangement a
uuce would be un exercise in absurdity, but it is
nonetheless true that the werewolves don't habitually
hunt down and dismember the vampires, while the
vampires in tum do their best to keep their habits
under wraps and their faces out of sight. These Leeches
are apparently of a different sect than most on Walks-
‘With-Might's hit lis, s0 that no doubt helps. The fact
that no one wants to bring war to the crosstoads of the
Old World doesn't hurt either.

Middle East

11 Javor now should greet my story,
Allah must receive the glory

—Aaron Shepard, The Enchanted Storks: A Tale of
Olt Baghdad

The Middle East forms a crossroads between
rope, Africa and Asin, Traditionally, the Middle East
inchides those areas of North Africa — Morocco,
Algeria, Tunisia, Libya and Egypt — which share
linguistic and ethnic identities with the Islamic Ara-
bian Peninsula. Occasionally, Afghanistan is also in-
cluded as part of the region. For purposes ofthis book,

105


|

however, thete countries are covered under the Afri:
can and Asian sections rather than this one
Although there exist several significant differ
ng the Middle Eastern region's countries,
most acknowledge certain similarities: che entire area
‘sand tc some degree, che dominant religion is Islam
aind all but three countries (Iran, fsrael and! Turkey)
speak Arabic. Additionally, the countriesof the Middle
East have, in recent times, crossed over the brink into
modemity, yet still struggle with maintaining trad
tional and furidamentalist values. With a few excep-
tions most of the region's countries have fought to
attain their independence and establish themselves.as
sovereign territories, Further, the political and social
aspects of the Middle East have been tmevocably
changed, and at times determined, by the presence of
the abundant or! found there
As wolves do not adape well to desert climates,
the Middle East typically has few "native" Garou,
Silent Striders make theit presence felt in Egypt and
other North African regions, but travel only rarelyon
the Arabism Peninsula. The Children of Gaia once
helped guide early civilizations in the region. In
recent years, they, along with several individuals
from other tribes, have gravitated ro the ecological
disaster area around lraq, Kuwait and Sault Atabin
felt in che wake of the Gulf War of 1991. A few Glass
Walkers already lived in the region overseeing oil
production and lobbying for more natural drilling
options and responsible ecological policies.

Geography

The Middle East is bounded by the Medhiterra-
ean, Black, Caspiat, Atubian and Red Seas, while
the Persian Gulf thrusts up between Iran and the rest
of the easter edge of the peninsula, The Arabian
Peninsula (land mass two-thitds the size of Alaska)
and the Levant (the area along the Mediterranean
between Turkey and Egypt) seeve as a land bridge
between Europe, Asia and Africa

Though most people visual
scoured dunes, such sand deserts form only a small part

the region, beiryy found mostly in Saudi Arabia.
Even thete, rocky plains predominate. Nonetheless,
the Dasht-e-Kavir or Great Salt Desert of Iran claims
the distinction of beiny the largest area in the world
with no vegetation wharoever. High plateaus and
mountains form much of Turkey, Iran and Yemen,
where most of the terrain lies above 1000 meters. The
hhighest mountains of the region are the Damavand in
Iran, Mount Ararat in Turkey and Jabal an-Nabi
Shu'ayb in Yemen. ‘The Tigris and Euphrates Rivers,
often called the cradle of civilization, flow from due

blowing. wind.

106

LAA TT TE

Anatolian highlands through Iraq to the Persian Gulf,
With the exception of a few rivees in Turkey and
northwestern Iran, waterways flowing year cound to
the sea are rare in such an arid climate.

Climate

Ironically for a region surrounded on all sides by
water, arity, the severe lick of water and rainfall,
determines the climate and lifestyle of the people of
the Middle Bast. In sore regions rainfall isso light as
tobe practically nowexistent;southewsern Saudi Arabia
and western Oman may see years pass without rain.

Mountain ridges and two moist climate systems
guarantee that some parts of the region receive great

variation, though. I he constal regions of Syria, Leba-

‘non and Turkey see significant amounts of rain from
the Mediterranean, while Northwestern Iran boasts
strip of rain-washed land and eyclonic storms extend
ing along the Black Sea, Monsoon rains from the
Indian climatic system affect the southernmost por-
tion of Saudi Arabia and southeastern Iran, while
‘annual rainfall in Yemen's mountains reaches signfi-
cant amounts as wel.

‘The temperature varies widely in different loca
tions and different times of year. Summer is hottest,
with che low lying coastal lands on the Red Sea and:
the Arabian Sea and Persian Gulf showing Farenheit
temperatures from the high 90s to well into the hun-
shreds and with humidity up «© 70% on most days.
Night brings little vlief with temuperacures in the 80s,

In the higher altitudes, che temperature drops
significantly. High plareaus that are hoe during the cy
may reach freezing temperatures ar night and snow:
capped mountains enn be found in Turkey, Iran and
sceasionally Yemen.

History of the Region
‘The Cradle of Civilization

Along with the Nile Valley, Mesopotamia's Fet-

tle Crescent lays claim te: some of the earliest kxown.
societies. About 5000 BCE the Al-Ubaid culture ap:
peared in Mesopotamia (modem day Img), Their
influence spread to what isnow the coast of the Persian
Gulf, Stone Age artificts also prove the existence of
people in Israel's Negev desert and on the West Bank
neat Jericho, The Umm an-Nar culture settled along
the Gulf in the area that is the moder day United
Acah Exnitaces annaad 3100. while the Cansanites:
and Amorites held power in the Levant and Sumer,
the world's first great empire, came to power in
Mesopotamia. Around 3200 BCE, the powerful trad-
ing empire of Dilmun arose on the istand of Babrnity

A World of Rage


AZ

White the Silent Scriders kepe their domain in Egypt,
the Children of Gaia went among the great leaders of
Mesopotamia, teaching them and encouraging
shumankind's progress while trying to instill into therm
the notion that they should be the caretakers of the
sacred land and its creatures.

Sargon of Aldcad, a Sumerian king, conquered
much of Mesopotamia and the Levant (nthe late 24th,
century BCE. He strove against Difmun, bur that
mighty kingdom lasted for nearly 2000 years,

Other great leaders bom in Mesopotamia were
Abraham, the Hebrew patriarch, born in Ur on the
Euphrates River, who migrated from Ur ta Canaan
around 1800 BCE and Hammurabi, the Babylonian
king, famous for hiscode of laws, The Children of Gaia
claim credic for helping him to codify and publish the
Iavrsso all could know and abide by them,

Rise of Empires

In the following centuries, the biblical kingdom of
Jarae! rose and fell within a century, splitting into two
pars — Ismael and Judah — after the death of King
Solomon, The 7th century BCE saw the rise of the
Medes, first of many great Persian empiees in the area
now known as Jran. Conquered by Cymus and ruled by
his successors over che next 60 years oF so, the Persian
Empire conquered Babylon, Exypt, Asia Minor aud
parts of Greece. In 331 BCE Alexander the Great
conclude aseries of conquests that tookin AsiaMinor,
the Midale Enst, Persia und part of India, crushing Persia
with the sack of Persepolis, tts capital city.

After Alexander's death, his generals carved his
empire upamong themselves, Bysantinesand Sassanians
squabbled for control, with small client states caught in
between, The nomads of the desert and the frankin-
cense kingdoms of southem Arabia remained indepen-
dent, with the rulers of whats now Yemen achieving
untold wealth through their control of the trade routes
orth. Divided into bickering kingdoms, each vied for
control of the frankincense trade, By the 3rd century
CE, the frankincense trade had declined to the point
shore Arabia became of marginal impuoreancatatherect
‘of the world. Nevertheless, the Byzantine Sassinian
wits had drained the kingdoms, making them ripe for
‘conquest from un unexpected quarter.

‘The Coming of Islam

‘The term "Middle East" was given to the region by
Europeans both because of ts location andl ts position,
asa center for trade during the days of caravans. Camel
trains met here and markets grew up around the lucra-
tive trade in spices, pearls and other exotic goods. Here
alo, astradersmet together, they discussed culrural and

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

ri

religious ideas. daisy, Christianity nd Islam flowered
in the region and shrines stcred to cach arcse,

Inthe year570, the prophet Mobaramied wasborn in.
Mecca, inwestem Arabia. Hereceiveddivinerevelan
that he preached ucil his death st Meditu in 632. So
compelling was Mohammed's message that it literally
swept away other religions inthe Arabian Peninsula,

In the 7ch century; following the teac!
Prophet Mohammed, Arab culture, language
emment burst forth into a conquering army, creating
a teat Islamic Empire stretching from Spain through
North Africa, across the Middle East and deep int
central Asin. The prophet's companicns governed the
‘empire, but a dispute arese over who should be caliph
(the leader of the Muslim community, literally
ing"successor" or lieutenant"). This led to thy
day division between the Shit

The Modern Age

Successive empires followed the splithetween Sunni
and Shi'ite, leading eventually to the Golden A
Islamic culture and society. dedi by the few remain
ing Children of Gaia the Abasrid caliph Harun ar
Rashidledan invasion against Byzantium, almost reach-
ing Constantinople, where ancient vanapites ruled the
night, and reigned overa great upsurge of wrts, medicine,
seicnee and liveratuce. His successor created the House
of Wisdom, a Baghdad academy thar translated Greek
and Roman literacure, science and philosophy into
‘Arabic, thus preserving such works for posterity when
they were lost during Europe's Dark Ages

"The decline of the Islamic Empire left a vacuum
that European and other foreign powers tried toexploit
Eases esi pe il Christianity and to
n control of trade routes in the region during the
Grusndos. Ukimatly deemed, they nevertheless lef
their mark on the region, particularly in the Levant and
the holy city of Jerusalem. By the early 16th century.the
Ottoman Turks nuled the region as part of their great
emopire. With that empire's decline, European powers
began colonizing the Middle East, irse with Portuguese,
than Britich teadere. (The Britich wore curtailing French
aspirations uttherime.) Many Children of Gaia struggled
along with their Kinfolk ta achieve nationhood and
throw off the yoke of colonialism,

Aiter years of struggle against the colonial powers:
soine countries begin to gain independence. The
region was of minor importance during World War I,
yet nthe wake of that conflict, the British were under
great pressure tw allow untestricted Jewish immigra-
tion to the area that would become Israel. Alteady
European Zionists calling for the Jews of the world to
return to Palestine and become self-sufficient there,

107


eZ

Founded by Mohammed and based on divine
revelations he received, Islam grew from its humble
bean 3 to become the dominant religion
ofthe Middle East, North Aftica, and parts of Europe
and Asia, Islam's adherents believe that the Jewish
Old Testament and the tewcbings of Chaist are valid,
hut unfinished, whereas Islam is the perfected rev-
elation of God. The words given to Mohammed as
revealed by the archangel Gabriel were written
down in the Qur'an (Koran). The writings (the
‘name means recitations")have neverbeen changed
and translations ure considered to be introductions
to the Qur'an rather than definitive texts

After Mohammed's death, the new teligion split
into different sects dhe to adspae about who should be
his succeswr, Thus were bom the Sunni and Shi'ice
sects. Of the two, far more Muslins ne Sunni than
Shite, thought he latteraredominant in ran and form
significant minwties in Iraq and a few other nations,

Islam rests upon what are knawn as the Five
Pillars of the Faith: the Creed, Prayer, Alms, Fasting
and Pilgrimage. These five observances help all
believers to remember that Islam calls for both men
and women to be equal in their total submission to,
Gea. The tora: Istaun actually means "submission,"
While the word Mushim literally means "submitter."

The Creed: The Creed stands at the center of
Islamic belief and simply states" There is io God but
God and Mobammed is the Prophet of God." Any-
‘one stating this in the presence of two reliable
witnesses is considered tt be Muslim, Muslims
believe that Mohammed was the last in a line of
prophets, each of whom added to God's revelations,
thus they accene the writings of Abraham, the Ta
rah, David's psalms and the teachings of Christ
They Jo not, however, accepe Christ's divinity

Islam

Prayer: Every Muslim prays five times per day
— sunrise, noon, late afternoon, sunset and night.
‘The mueszin calls the faithful to prayer and they
perform a ritual of body movements, recitations of
Prayer and portions of the Qur'an intended to ex-
press the believers' submission to and humility be-
fore God. All face Meéca, holy city of Mohammed's
birth, to make their penyers

Alms: All Muslims should pay out one-fortieth
‘of their yearly income as gakat or alms for the poor,
This generosity thus purifies the person's wealth
and also shows his sense of responsibility to those
less fortunate.

Fasting: During Ramadan, the ninth month of
the Muslim calendar, all Muslims (with the excep-
tion of those too weak, young, old oF ill to partici-
pate) abstain fromeating, drinking, smokingand sex
from suntise to sunser, Extra prayers during this time
are encouraged as the fasting is intended to bring the
faithful closer to God and to each other as each
shates the experience at the sane time, Dury
time, life changes forall Muslims as daily routinesare
heldtoaminimum. Many look forward to Ramadan,
however, for many feast during the night and hold
celebrations that may goon all night after the
participants sleep thtough the afternoon.

Pilgrimage: Each Muslim who can afford to
doso should make the pilgrimage to Mecca at least
once during her lifetime. Such a pilgrimage made
during Zuul-Hijja, the lase month of the Muslim
calendar, rewards the participants by the forgiv-
ing of all past sins. Saudi Arabia restricts the
number of pilgrims per year via a quota system so
those wanting to make the hajj pilgrimage do not
overwhelm the facilities, Nearly two million Mus-
lims make the pilgrimage each year

had been bringing in settlers and buying land. Wich
the horrors of the Holocaust made clear. the woeld
supported the idea of a Jewish state. Meanwhile, Pal-
estinians who had lived and worked in the region for
scnerations suddenly found themselves turned off the
land their families had traditionally tenanted. Propos-
als were made (assisted by powerful appeals from noted
Gaian speakers) to create two states —one Jewish, the
other Palestinian. Britain, left unable to govern the
areaby its lowes in the war, tamed the problem overto
the United Nations, The state of Israel emerged while
the Palestinian homelund never took root. To the
Jews, their return to Israel means they are occupying
land Gexlgave to chem, while dhe Arabssee the Israelis

108

as usurpers and colonizersmuch like the crusaders: The
nflict hacame even more heared by the dieccwary
that the Middle East could satisfy the world's craving
for a substance it cannot do without — oil.

The Politics of Oil

‘The Middle East's strategic importance in the
modern efa has emerged only with the discovery ofits
oil reserves. The oil industry of the Mile East began
in Persia where oil was discovered in 1908. Next,
substantial quantities were found in the Kurdish re:
gion in northern Iraq and in Bahrain. By the time of
World War I, the Middle East, expecially the Gulf

A World of Rage

EL. LE TS LT TT IT,


ta Lf Domai er Are

region, was known to have some ofthe richest ol fields
inthe world. Today, vil is the main economic factor in
tran, Irag, all che Gulf states, Syria and Yemen. Even
those countries not blessed have some dependence on
itas workers from those states often send home patt ot
all of their wages to sustain their families. Oil-rich
countries also derive income from investments made
with come of their oil revenues.

‘Aone end of the spectrum of riches ie the small,
oil-producing countries such as Kuwait and the United
Arab Eniirates, whose per capita income rivals that of
the richest westeencts. At Uhe other cudwie these who
hhave no oil, have large populations oF who suffer from
the aftereffects of years of turmoil and warfare

Oil has made the Middle East a playground for
interference by the rest ot the petroleum-hungry world.
Na country in the Middle Bast remains untouched by
foreign interests and no country can determine their
‘own direction without a thought for the policies laid
upor chem by various superpowers.

While che United States prefers tsrael's demo-
cratic system and shures many of its cultural values, its
need foroil makesit essential shave friendly relation.
ships with atleast some Arab states — even those that
are dictatorial. The US supports Israel due to agree-
ments and treaties made with it at che country's incep-
tion, yee finds itself faved with the hatred of the
surrounding Arab states who view itas both a manipu-
larive colonial power and an irreverent bully. While it
existed, the USSR made inroads into the Middle East
by supporting various nationalist movements hoping
tofurther their aims toward world communism. Their
interference in the region was as shameless and self-
serving as the United States.

Thus when [nin succumbed to a fundamentalist
Islamic revolution in 1979, frightening their neighbors
into believing such revolts were itnminent in their own
countries, not only Sawai Arabia, Kuwait and other
Arab states, but also the US hacked Saddam Hussein in
hhisattempt to contain the fervent religious fundamen
tallsts. Funded by its rich neighbors and using war
material from the USSR and America. fraq foucht
costly and deadly war with fran for eight years (ending
in 1988), and successfully blunted any general uprising,
the Islamic Movement might have engendered.

Despite being saved by Hussein and Iraq's sacri-
fices (perhags.« million killed on each side, the coun-
tvies devastated), Kuwait refused to forgive Iraq's war
debts, demanding repayment of the funds they had
loaned Hussein's forces for the war effort, The US and
Britain threatened enemies of Kuwait who might be
rempred to seize the rich, bur tiny country, yet the US
had not fought a war since its defeat in. Vietnam,

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

Hoping to seize Kuwait's ol for his destitute country
and reopen ports the Kuwaiti had closed to him,
Saddam Hussein inyaded Kuwait in 1990, believing
that no one would seriously impede him, Tohis regret,
Saudi Arabia and the Kuwaiti leadership in exile
convinced the United States to assist and the Gulf
‘War was fought under the auspices of UN Peacekeep-
ing forces —not for the sewereign rights of Kuwait, but
(© protect their oil interests in the Gul, Defeated, yet
stil filled with hatred for what he saw as a betrayal by
Kuwait, Hussein vowed thar if he could not
Kuwait's oil, noone would. His retreating army »
Kuwait'soilfields of every piece of equipment, then set
explosives around the wells, setting them
unleashing both the largest, most destructive
in history und the poisoning of the an
region for years to come.

The Role of the Garou

Whiletheyhave hadapresence in the areaand acted
asteachers, advlsor, business partners, patriots and even
avengers, at times, the Garou of the Middle East have
taacly hud dhe tumubers or che luxury of uutkin uOr
difference there. Economic concems have always held
precedence over ecological ones and Garou entering the
area don't have o true commitment to it and often don't
‘understand the issues facing either the people or their
fellow werewolves in the region. Those who do come
hoping t0 make w difference often find themselves lost
amid the strange customs. Garou females find the atti
tudes toward women in many Middle Eastern countries
both insulting and impossible to ignore

They cannot then tum to their wolf Kin for
company either: there are no walf packs in the region
who aren't either in 2008 o¢ held on hidden private
reserves by Kinfolk or werewolf pucks. Often, the
native Garou, mostly Children of Gaia, few Silent
Striders and Glass Walkers, resent the intrusion of
foreign Garou and behave with as much hostility
toward them as the most fundamentalist regime to
ward Americans. This has only recently begun
change as wereweh

y to the Gulf states bu

ng to aid in che cleanup efforts there

Ecological Disaster

The Gulf War lean eedlogical disaster in its wake
that brought dozens of foreign Garou to the arca tocffer
amsistance to the region's native werewolves. They ar-
rived in hell. Fleeing Kuwait in 1991, Imqi soldiers
pumped millions of gallons of crude oil into the
then blasted open the control mechanisms and set fire
twevery Kuwaiti oll well they could find, The result was

109

L———— a ins


Other Shapeshifters

With the exception of a few Baster drawn to
the region in search of secrets and the occasional
Nowisha found traversing the deserts, the only
er shapeshifters in any tubers hesides Garou
fhe Rokea found in the Persian Gulf. A very
few Mokolé may still frequent soitie of the less
populated coves, though mast prefer the Nile in
Egypt. Once every few years a Corax may travel
through part of the region. Aside from these few,
however, the area is almost bereft of Gaia's chile
dren, Even the werewolves are few and scattered,
with no real contact between groups. And the

+ shapeshifters try to keep contact with the
ou toa minimum, if indeed they allow them-
selves to meet Gaia's warriors at all,

over 700 uncontrolled oi well fires, leaving rivers of
burningerude cil rilingacrossthe sandsof Kuwait'soil
fields, and blackening the skies with oily soot, which
then carried on the winds und fell w earth, coating
rything tt touched. This miasmic cloud covered
wait, Qatar, Bahrain, much of the United Arab
lof southwestem Iran, most of rug and the
fof Saudi Arabia. When the smoke began to
cleat in November of 1991, the landscape of those areas
led ewamps and lakes of crude oil mixed with salty
Irrine broughe to the surface along with the oil by the
explosions. Throughout 1992 the oilcongealed. becom-
ing more impossible to clean out of the soil and most
now elieve that it impossible w ever completely rid
» of the oil and soor in them, killing fish and other

ny other creatures dependent oe

ters. Further, asthe oil followed the path of least
nee, it drained down wadis and into fields, de-

fe a well a

stroying the most fertile lands and burying them under
crusted asphalelike layers of ol

{rai mines and unexploded ordnance from the allies
tke

anygetous undertaking even try toreachsome

moet devastated lands. Further, the combustible
‘hrenutails present i crusie otf can turn what seems to be

agoney, butimvenahledesertlandseape intoaraging lake
of fire a little more thian a minute's time.

The oil pumped into the Petsian Gulf constitutes
the biggest ofl spill in history, fully the equivalent of
twenty-five to forty Exxon Valder spills, flowing down,
the const of Sault Arabia and beyond. These constlines
‘were sil recoverinw from the spill of two million barrels
relewed fom Immian offshore platforms when fragi
rmissles hit chem in 1983, Ac that ime, 7000 barrels a
lay flowed into the Gulffor ten months, Incontrast, the
‘Gulf War spill pushid an average of 150,000 barrale:

day in the period of a few weeks. Smothering every
livingthing,the ol also bound itselftocoastal sediment,
making it extremely hard to cleanse, and its chemicals
caused damage to fish, shellfish, birds and other crea
tures in the region. Tidal movements leached some oil
oat of contaminated sediment for overa year, sending it
dcoper into the Gulf. Due to the flatness of the land,
high tide can move over half a mile or more inkind,
leaving tidal flats and salt marshes coated with inches
thick crude oil, destroying habitats cf fish, crabs, worms
and birds and the sea grasses that provide food for the
area's animals. Since such habitats are given little value
in the affected countries, while the oil industry is of
paramount importance, the main etuphasis has been on
recovering shar oil they ean and ignoring the damage
dane to the ecu

The damage done to the smaller fish and sea
crentureshashada marked effect on the larger food fish
usually found in the Gulf, and most notably an the ten
species of shark and the bottlenose dolphins who
inhabit its waters. The Rokea native to the area seem
to have declared war on all and sundry, perbiaps in
response to the deaths of many of their Kisfolk. They
welcome no one's help and bitterly resent the lack of
effective clean-up intended for their coastal homes

Four species of marine turtles, the green, the
hhawhsball, ce leatherlck und the loggethead nest on
Gulfistandsnow costed in oil or make their habitats in
southern areas along the Gulf, Listed as "threatened"
and "endangered! by the World Conservation Union.
they may become extinct here due to the pollution
Though some preliminary cleanup managed to salvage
the turtles' breeding season just after the war, inches of
tarry oil remain in the sands of their breeding grounds
and attention has shifted elsewhere.

While predictions of nuclear winter scenano
broughton by Kuvwait'soil fires hassiot materialized the
oily, sooty clouds have enused damage in far-flung
locations. On April 30, 1991 Bangladesh received a
terrible beating from a devastating cyclone that roared
up from the Bay of Bengal with 150-milean hour winds
and waver over ewenty fest higher than mocmal high
tides. The death toll reached almost 200,000. In June,
central and eastem China experienced unbelievable
rainfalls leading to massive flooding along the Yangtze
and Huai Rivers. About 3000 people died and over
200,000,000 people — one-fifth of China's population
—wereaffectes by the floods. Inthe winter of 1991-92
Ismael, Jordan, Sycia and Lebanon were pounded by
winter corms 3 fierce thar they caused temble floods,
avalanches and the collapse of buildings under the
heavy load of ice-and snow. Hundreds died. A mission
report from the space shuttle Atlantis in March of 1992
stated that the earth's lower armosphere was shrouded

no A World of Rage

EE AAS TS ST TT,


oe AZ

with a cloak of dust and smoke. Though some of it has
been attrihuted to the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in
the Philippines, scientific testing has shown that these
storms of the century have had at their root che smoke
sngendered by the Kuwaiti oil fires.

Now, almost a decade after the war, huraan agents
and Garca still strugele tocontain the damage done to
the Persan Gulf and its surrounding lands. Lonieally,
Iraq remains one of the worst hit reas suffering from
respiratory illnesses and other diseases brought on by
the contaminants released during the hostilities. A few
Garon, notably many Ahroun, rage against the deci-
sion not t oust o¢ kill Saddam Hussein and have
srouped together with the intention of secretly enter:
ing Lrag and slaying him. Others aytitate for more
money co be spent on reclarming lands and seacoasts
despailed hy the war's aftermath, Sell, the business of
the Gulf is money, money made throughvoil, and inthe
Gulf ic remains business as usual

The Countries
Bahrain

‘An emirate in the Persian Gulf, Bahrain encom
pastes one lange and 32 small islands (mostly uninhab-
ited), and covers the same land area as Memphis,
Tennessee. les population of 400,000 contains rwo-
thirds native Arabs, mostly Shi'ite Muslims, and one-
third foreign workers, Its capital is Manama, Though
Anbic remains the official language, English is widely
spoken. Since its birth in 3200 BCE Bahrain hae been
center for trade. It was once the seat of che Dilmun
Empire, one of the great trading stares of the anclent
‘world thar flourished for over 2000 years, ln itsdecline,
Bahrain was absorbed by Bahylon. Successive foreign
empines and rulers held the country until it yained sts
independence from Britain in 1971

irnever completely lost its importance in trade,
with its pearl fisheries bringing i¢ grea wealth. Just
after the pearl markee collapsed, oil was discovered
there and the Bahrainis were the first in the region to

enjoy increased education, health benefits and other
moxlern conveniences. Due to theirhead start, Bahrain

wasable toactasbrokers for Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and
(Qatar when those countries' cil boom occurred.

The ruling Khalifa family, themselves Survni Muse
lims, suspended the country's national assembly in
1975 amid leftist and Shi'ite attempts to overthrow
their rule. Yer Bahrain is a major refining and indus-
trial contor. Ite aluminum smelting plane and major
banking snd celecommunications center make it oth-
‘ervise the picture of modernity. Since 1986 Bahrain
has been linked to» Sault Arabia vin causeway,

Though the country traditionally disliked Iran
(due to Persian rulership earlier in its history), rela
tions with that country have improved as Shiite
fundamentalism hasbacked off somewhat, Conversely,
Bahrain's relations with Iray have taken a decided
plunge in the wake of Saddam Hussein's ordering of i
missile attack on them during the Gulf War (though
the miscle landed harmlessly at sea). For now, their
main interest wo Garou is asa staging urea for the Glass
Walkers' economic attemprs to garner clean-up funds
to save the Gulf Coast from annihilation

Jran

This Texas-sized nation consists mostly of numer-
ous mountain ranges (nnd one volcano) and deserts,
with the Great Salt Desertand the Great Sand Desert
occupying the easter portion of its main plateau
Most of the land is parched and dependent since
ancient times on clever underground irrigaticin chan:
nels called ghanats Its copital is Tehran and its official
language is Farsi or Persian, Sometimes called the
eastemmost country of the Middle East, Iran is a non-
Arab state, settled by Aryans (the ancestors of the
Persians, the Aryans gave the country its name) in
ancient times. Of its approximately 64 million people,
almost 70% are of Persian descent. Nonetheless, there
are large Arab minorities in the sourhwest ant Turks
inthe northwest: Irsculture follows that uf survivors of
the desert who offer hospitality to those in need, and
strangers often find that this is 50 even when they are
from the "Great Satan" (America), Despite thelr fur
damentalist leanings, most Iranians hate the Amer
can government, not its individual citizens.

Persia took shape as a country in the 6th century
BCE under Cyrus the Great: Hissuccessors, Dartus Land
Xerxes, expanded the empire to India in the eastand the
‘Acgean Sea in the west. After being conquered in turn
by Alexander the Great, che region came under Sassa-
nian conmrol. Wrickid by conflicts with Rome and
Byzantium, the Persians easily fell to the Arabs and the
spread oflslam. After 600 years, they were supplanted by
the Seljule Turks, who ushered in an age of literature,
science and art and marked by such worthiesas the poet-
mathematician Omar Khayynin. The Seljuk influence
collapsed under Mongol invader Ghengis Khan, Again
in 1380, Tamarlane invaded and successive rulers came
and went, up into the 20th century.

191926 Reza Khan Pahlavi, a Cossack officer in the
imperial aay, took over the throne and founded the
Pablavi dynaety, He was forced into exile in World War
and his son, Mohammed Reza, succeeded him, Atthe
end of the war, the United States helped him rid his
‘country of inwading Ruysian forces and firmly allied him

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East ut

ins:


ee AA

tothe west. Though his government was repressive, the
shahrapilly modernized lan, reducing literacy, eman-
cipating women and improving health services and
government industeialization, When the price of oil
rose precipitously, the shoh wasted his newfound mil-
lions on shaky development schemes, unneeded weap
ons arsenals and courtiers who caught his fancy. Mean-
while, the people suffered as prices for everything rose
beyond their means to pay for them. Smoldering ress-
tance ta his rule broke into violence, which the shah
answered wich repression. Leftist students found them
selves alhed with right-wing fundamentalists in the
atteinpt (0 overthrow the shah, The movement then
found 4 guiding force in the form of Grand Ayatollah
Khomeini. Exiled to Turkey, cheneventually toFrance,
the Ayatollah became the spokesuum for the forces
jopposiny the shah's tule. For hus part, the shah underes-

ited how sickened the people were by his excesses,
Seeing the destruction of much of the natural habicat
and the deleterious effects on both the people and the
cteatutes.by the shah's expenditures and oil policies,
many Iranian shapeshifters supported the revolution,
with its promise of a ream to sanity.

In 1979, in an initially near-bloodless coup, the
shah was overthrown and the Islamic Republic of ran
was born, Then came.a period of bloodbarhs as people
disappeared and executions took place after brief
spurious trials, When the air cleared, the country
found itself under the leadership of Ayatollah
Khomeini, who assumed the ritle of supreme spiritual
leader. It was writer intes the Iranian. constitution
that the government must answer toa supreme jurist,
«eletic who could interpree and enact Islamic law in
order to keep corruption out of the governance of the
country. Iran then began a program designed to insti-
tute old Islamic laws and effect fundamentalist revohu-
tions in their neighboring countries.

Within a year, fran found itselfat war with Iraq —
stensibly over an old border dispute, but in reality as
3 means of keeping the Iranians from "infecting" other
Midale Eastern nations with theie revolutionary ideol-
ogy: Saddam Hussein intended to blunt Iran's capacity
for military expansion, and he did so with eight years
of warfare that saw a return to trenches and the use of
poison gas by Hussein's forces. Because it had taken

American hostages during its revolution, Iran suffered,
froman international embargo on ars shipments and
could not aequire the material it needed. Finally, Iran

accepted a UN cease-fire agreement in 1988. After
Khomeini's death in 1989, Iran cu
attitude and began to cautiously rebuild its relations
with outscle powers, Nonetheless itremains dogmati-
cally fundamentalist, with 95% ofits population being

m2
—_

practicing Shi'ite Muslims, Despite its mistrust of the
Great Satan, it supported the allies against Saddam
Hussein in the Gulf War,

Garouhave found itdifficult toreally affect ranin
significant ways. While some supported the revolu
ton, most remained neutral, especially those females
who resented the retum to outmoded and repressive
lows meant to restrain women. Nonetheless, say
natives, as well as well-meaning foreign Garou, have
banded together in the wake of the Gulf War. They
seek to clear the air (and the land) of the soot and
particles thar now cover the southwestern fourth ofthe
country, legacy of the oil firesset by Hussein's forcesas
they retreated from Kuwait, Nooneisteally cercain yet
whether the at isfit to breathe, the water uncorstami-
nated and the land usable tor food production
stunted growth of che animals and vegetation occupy
many Theurges seeking ways to cleanse them ad call
forth eloquent condemnations against further warfare
in the region from the Philodox.

Jaq

The Sumerian civilisation of Mesopotamia iscred-
ited with being the first to cultivate the land and
conceive of writing, toinvent the whee), counting and
calendars — all accomplishments some Childsen of
Gaia claim occurred because of the tribe's guidance
and influence. Trade routes established the great city
of Urand made the Mesopotamian tegion, which lay
between the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers the Cradle of
Civilisation. Eventually, cdhough, the grear civilization
collapsed, giving way to successive states.

In 1700 BCE Hammurabi, king of the small town
of Babylon, reunited the land and renamed it Babylonia.
His code of laws — also said to have been formulated
with the assistance of a renowned Child of Gaia
Philodox — became the basis of moder law. After his
death, Babylonia fell to the Assyrians, Under
Nebuchadnezzar Il, however, the kingdom achieved
its most glorious age. The city of Babylon became
famous for its Hanging Gardens, considered one of the
Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.

After a series of conquests by different invaders,
the Arab Muslims captured the country in 637 CE
‘The Abbasid emperors, descended from the Prophet
Mohammed's uncle, moved the capital oftheir empire
from Damascus to Baghdad, which lies near the con-
vergence of the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers. Mongol
inyaders destroyed Baghdad in 1258.

In the L6th century, Turks conquered the region,
adding it to the Ottoman Empire, which collapsed
during World War . Under British ule, Iraq was created
from three former Ortoman provinces, giving ita land-

A World of Rage

ES ST eT,


ee AZ,

mass slightly lagger than that of Calitornia. Ihe area

al sites as well as lucrative ol

n made Irag a kingdona undet Kiny
agachiewe

fields. The Brit

lependence, with its
capital at Baghdad and its official language A\
ln 1958, King Faisal was killed in a military coup
and Iraq declared itself « republic. The Sunni dom
nated Ba'ath Party came to power while skirmishes
among potential leaders and rebellions by the Kurds in
northem Iray kept the country unstable
Astaeli conflict in 1967 pushed Iraq
chey saw America's favor
sn toward Israel. Though bad relations with Iran
over a border dispute were ostensibly settled in 1975,
Imqbuiltup itsarmyandwarmateriel, appealingto the
Soviets while denouncing the United States for tts
policies supporting Israel.

In 1979 Saddam Hussein became president oflrag,
slamic fundamentalist revolution in Iran posed a
threat to Iraq's Sunni government. Fears of

breaking out int ind Iran'sother neigh-

ned Arab nations, Saddam bortowed money

Kuwait and Saudi Arabia nnd took the offensive.
Eight years of wrench warfare and the use of illegal
chemical weapoas drained both countries to exhaus-
Hianand in 1O8R the UN hele

In 1990 relations with Kuwait sured! as the
oil, thus reducing prices
ded fun
refused to gi

the only usable river |

nt Heag access to isa

ng.co the Gulf, thus making
the cast of transporting Imq's oil to market peohii
tive, Finally, the tiny country refused
war debt to it, Enraged because his country hy
fered eight years-of war only to have those whe
bene ices apparently betray him,
nd annexed Kuwait

ive Iraq's

red from Iraq's ac
dam invaded
Many other Arab nations condesmned Sadan
actions and Saudi Arabia, fearin
opened theiecountry to the Uni
Nations troops to repel
Hoping wo being allies tote
missile at

retaliate

they were next

favor to the United
¢ bombing of Baghdad and of Saddam's
followed by a short ground offensive
to retreat. As they 1 5
fire Kuwait'soil wellsand dumped millionsof barr
of crude oil into the Persian Gulf. Rather than follow
ing up on their vietory, the Allies allowed Saddam to
remain in power once he retreated from Kuwait and
agreed to comply with disarmament and UN Security

‘Council resolutions. Rebellions by Kurds in the nurth


|

a AA

and Shiites in the south were savagely repressed and
Iraq was closed to foreigners. Today it remains under
trade embargo and in isolation, victim of its own
scorched earth policy

Although the Children of Gaia maintain a presence
in their ancestral Lands, it isnot known whether they
supported or oppases} Saddam's political maneuverings.
What iscerrain is thar they must now be dealing with the
aftermath of the Kuwaiti fires. they plan any punish-
iment for this assault on Gaia, they have not shared their
plans with any others — or pethaps they no longer exist
atall. They may have perished sttewpeinyodefend helt
Kinfolk; they may have somehow heen comupted. Until
an outside pack can entet Irxjand discern the truth, their
fate remains a mystery

Israel

Ismael, or Palestine as it was called until recenly,
sits atop a spit of land that links the Middle East with,
naking it a much sought after prize for both
srategic and trade reasons. Although a Jewish king-
dom existed there about 2500 years ago and lasted
approximately a century, the land was successively
conquered by the Assyrians, Greeks and Romans.
Despite Jewish rebellions, the country did not again
surface asa Jewish state until after World War Il,

Palestine became part of the Ottoman' Empire
alongside che rest of the Middle East. It was freed with
that empire's collapse after World War 1. The Zionist
‘movement in Europe, which encouraged Jews to move
to Palestine and learn to be self safficien by faring the
"promised land," had already made its influence feltand
the British Mandate encouraged such settlements,

Because of its history as:the Hebrew Promised
Land, the birthplace of Jesus and Jerusalem's status as
a holy city sacred to Muslims, members of all three
religions flocked to the region on pilgrimage. As more
Jewish settlers bought land and took up farming, they
displaced Arab Palestinians who had worked the land
as tenant farmers for generations. Pilgrimage became
dangerous as skirmishes between the Yishuw — the
mostly European Jewish settlers — ancl the Palestin
tansclashed. With Europe becoming ever more hostile
to Jews on the eve of World War f, more Jewish
seitlers poured inca the region.

Acthe end of World War Il when the horror of the
Holocaust became common knowledge, Europe's Jews
banded together under the Zionist banner, declaring
that they would form « Jewish state. Never again would
Jews meekly go tothe slaughter; Uicy would create their
‘own country anal defend themselves from all aggressors.
The British, reeling from che aftereffects of years of war,
could no longer effectively govern the region and also

ud

a

feared to alienate the Arab states who controlled the oil

Britain needed. They tuned the problem over to the
United Nations, who declared that two states would be
created — one Jewish, the other Palestinian.

In May of 1948 the country of Ismel, the dream of
‘a Jewish homeland, became reality, About the size of
New Jersoy of Belgium, the tiny country immediately
erupted into war as the Palestinians appealed wo their
Arab neighbors for support against these new "Euro-
pean colonials." Somehow, the Palestinian state never
came into being, pethaps because the land they were
promised, now known as the West Bank, ostensibly
belonged to neighboring Jordan.

Despite its relative size, Israel proved a match for
its neighbors. Utilizing excellent intelligence, con:
seription of all 18-year-olds for military service and
decisive, short-term military strikes, Israel gained more
territory to create defensible borders ar trade back for
peace. Israel's determined and outnumbered people
(650,000 people against several million Arabs) won
that war and the wars that followed, as the Arab states
tepeatedly tested their hated neighbors. The West,
notably the United States, has supported Israel in its
‘wars with various Arab countries of the region, espe
cially in 1956 and for the Six Day War in 1967, mostly
tooppose the Soviet Union, who had ties to Egypt and
several other Arab nations. In response te attacks and
keenly feeling the need for greater security, Israel
annexed the Gaza Strip and West Bank and the Golan
Heights, the fatter of which had provided Syria with »
strategic high yround fron which to lunch attacks
against Galilee lying below.

In 1973, however, itcost the United Stares much
‘as the Arab nations raised oil prices precipitously and
declared a boycott on exporting oil toanyone support-
ing Israel, letting the western world know that they
controlled this essential commodity and using it as
everage in political maneuverings. The October War
in which Egypt and Syria banded together to actack
Astac] was initially successful, but when Israel recov-
ered and defeated them, the Soviets threatened to
intervene. causine the United States tn go.can nuclear
alert and the UN to order a cease-fire. Such wars
proved a grave drain an Israel's economy.

‘Operation Peace for Galilee in 1979 saw Israel's,
attempt to destroy the PLO (Palestine Liberation
(Organization) by invading southern Lebanon where
Palestinian refugees were encamped. Though asuccess
in military terms, world opinion tumed against Isracl
whett ic was discovered that Christian troops attached
to the Israeli forces massacred Palestinian families.

During the Gulf War, Saddam Hussein launched
SCUD missile attacks against Israel trying to goad

A World of Rage

ime <a


eA

them into joining the war, Had they done so, the Arab
allics would most likely have broken off their support
and joined with Hussein in what would then have
become yet another Arab-Israeli conflict. Luckily,
cool heads prevailed

While Hebrew isthe most widely spoken language
in Israel, many Jews and Arabs also speak Arabic
English is widely known as well.

Jerusalem isaboly city to Muslim, Cristian and Jew
alike and control of the city is one of the main topics in
peace initiatives. Arabs still live in Israel, though most
live in the "occupied ternitories" of the West Bank and
Gaza Strip. The Inofada, a Palestinian uprising against
that cecupation began in 1987 with strikes, graft
thrown rocksand boycotts. They have closed schoalsand
driven the economy of theres into ruin and given rise to

lirant resistance movement called Hamas.

Despite recent peace initiatives and attempts to
meet with Palestinian reptesentatives to retum some
nile to them, the conflict continues. As more Russian
Jews immigrate co lsrael, those newcomers settle more
land and Israel's government becomes less favorably
disposed to retuming the land to the Palestinians.

Garou occasionally find chemnselves embroiled in
disputes herween their Palestinian and Jewish Kinfotk,
but there are so few of each that this remains tore
individual spate chan a concesn affecting many. A few
‘werewolves traveled to Israel to study the anomalous
storms that occurred in che wake of the Gulf Wer, while
some others speak of dreamsof something increbly foul
and SW rms-rainted lying beneath the soll near Jerusalem.

Jordan

The Jontan River Valley is considered one of the
earliest places of settlement on earth. During the
leaolithic era (200,000-8000 BCE) people were
not only hunting large and small antmals but also
domescicating and herding goats. By the eighth mil
Jennium BCE s Neolithic culrure had sertled in parts
of what would become Jordan at Jericho and along the
Jordan River's east bank. Amman, Jordan's capital, is

fone of dhe moe ancient cities known and was cet
among seven hills. It has now grown to encompass
sixteen hills. The area has long served as an important
‘stop along the land route between Africa and Europe,

The Neolithic people who settled the Jordan Val-
ley eventually evolved into the Israelite tribes. After
slavery in Egypt and an exodus from that country back.
to their "promised land" they were conquered by Saul
inthe | Itheentury. David became king afterSaul, and
David's son Solomon, after him. With hisdeath, Israel
split into two countries, Israel and Judah (or Judea).
‘While Israel fell to the Assyrians, then to a series of

_

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

A TY

conquerors, Judah experienced the influence of sev-
eral groups, including the Nubaracans, who baile the
city of Petra, carved into the cliffs of reddish sandstone
in the Jordanian highlands

Rome conquered the area and made the region into
« province of the empite. Eventually the Byzantine

Empire, as che easter representatives of the Holy
Roman Empire, took over rule of Jordan. In the sixth
century Arab caliphs, followers of Islim, defeated the
Bgzantines. When trade shifted to the sea routes rather
than overland travel, Jordan lost its importance to the
ext of the world. Taken by che Ortoman Turks and
made part oftheir empice, Jordan gained! independence
from the Ottomans as Transjordan after World War |

At the end of World War II, the UN divided the
area from Israel along the Jordan River, the Dead Sea
and Wadi al Jaybdown tothe Gulfof Aqaba. The Arab
League Couneil opposed the ereation of Israel and
attacked. Jordan had control of the eastern half of
Jerusalem, including the Dome of the Rock (Muslim),
the Church of the Holy Sepulcher (Christian) and the
Wailing Wall. They gained the area west of the
River known as the West Bank. They also
several thousand Palestinian refugees who had fled to
that region. From Jordan, the Palestinian Liberation
Organization staged raids into Isracl, eventually be
coming thought ofarthe quintessential terrorist group.
Israel retaliated and eventually, during the Six Day
War, recovered all of Jerusalem and the West Bank
Mote refugees flooded into Jordan, making Palestin-
fans over half of Jordan's total population.

Although Palestinians continue to live in Jordan,
King Hussein ousted the Palestinian Liberation Org
nization from the country in 1970, disapproving of the
bad press their terrorist actions garnered and fearing
that they were trying to take over the state.

Nonetheless, Jordin supported Iraq in the Iran-
Iraq Warand gave nominal support to Saddam Hussetn
during the Gulf War. To do otherwise might have
touched off a revolution among the Palestinians
living in Jordan.

‘Abour the rise of the «tate of Maine, Jonda
Population is mostly Arab with a sizeable minonty of
Circassians. About 50% of the populaticin are Palestin
ian and still registered as refugees. Bexiouins number
about 40,000. Mest are better educated than many other
‘Arabs are and the country is highly westernized, though
women still remain behind men in professions. Arabic
{s the official language and over 90% of the population
ure Sunnt Muslims. The country ts noced for its frendly
people and its attempts to remain on good terms with
their Arab neighbors and the rest of the world. Jordan
has set aside several narute preserves, the result of

ns


eer ree miner Sree i erm ie ro re re

AL ft

encouragement from its native werewolf population —
mostly Children of Gioia —anda few Black Furies drawn
to the atea by the plight of its female refugees. The
Jordanian Garow have also noted the Wyrm presence
near Jerusalem and have opened a cautious dialogue
with thei Iseli counterparts co decide how to combat
it: As afinal note, thete seems to be something in the
vicinity of Jericho that's of particular intetest to the
Ananasi, for recent years have «cen werespiders gather-
ing in the region for some unnamed purpose.
Kuwait

Much hasalready been sidresarsdingKuwait,atiny
emirate that rests at the tip of fraq and to the east of
Sinai Arabia. The country was not settled until 300
Yearsigo. Inthe 1700s, afew tents surrounded fore that
alsoserved asa trading post. The Al-Sabab family, now
the rulers of Kuwait, became responsible for keeping
onderandadministeringthe law. The town grew quickly,
establishing itself asa thriving trading port by the 19th
century. The Orman held claimto the emimteeven
aiter the country came under Beitish protection, In
1899, Mubarak the Great signed an agreement stating
that in cetur for the Beitish navy's protection, Kuwait
would agree never to give away territory to or accept
Protection ftom or negotiate with any other foreign
Powers without British concent

‘Afier war with Al-Sauid, founder of modern Saudh
Arabia, the British forced Kuwait to give up two-thirds
of their claimed land to Al-Saud in return fora guaran.
tcc of independence. Despite uying wv hoep Aun
out of Kuwait, Borain finally had to agree toa joint
British-USoileoncession and the first wells were opened
in 1986, Kuwait'srichessoon became apparentandlafter
World War, is oil made Kawait fabulously wealthy,
improved every citizen's standard of Living and paid for
health care and advances in education. A' national
sembly convened, but fearing the leftist candidates in
vt (and challenges to his own authority) the emir sus-
pended the constitution and dissolved the assembly. A
series of changes and demonstrations ensued, mina
ing ina pro-democracy movement in 1990.

Such considerations were putasideas Iraq invaded
Kuwait: With frag's withdrawal, Kuwait began repair-
ing the damage, concentrating on restoring Kuwait
Cityand theiroil wells. ANew National Assembly was
convened in 1992. Kuwait, along with Saudi Arabia,
now bouts the greatest numberof Garouin the Middle
East, drawn there t9 assist in the clean-up efforts
Although several trikes are represented, itis dificult
for the "foreigners" to be accorded respect amiong the
niitives of the region, which slows recovery efforts.
Noneilicless, progress is being made and ralks of creat

116

inga diversified permanent sept ute proceeding — if
they could only agree upon a sept leader.

Lebanon

This tiny country, somewhat smaller thin the
state of Connecticut, suffers from its mixed population
and their differing goals. The hirgest group, Shiite
Musfiuns five in die south and Ue incerior Bigs valley.
‘They have never been able to gain any actual power in
the government of Lebanon. In Beirut, the capital,
Maronite Christians form the largest group and hold
‘most power. Sunni Muslims also live in Betrut and
inhabit Tripoli, while Greek Orthodox and Druze (ant
offshoot of Islam) make up the rest of the populace.

‘When the PLO moved its headquarters to Leba-
non after its expulsion from Jordan in 1970 pressure
against the right-wing Christians increased as the PLO
gave new heart ro leftist Muslims. Civil War erupted in
1975, only quelled by Syrian intervention in 1990.
Lebanon expelled the PLO in 1982. A series of wars,
hostage-takings and sassassinations followed, with Is-
rael, then UN Peacekeepers and again Israel taking
part of South Lehanon to protect Israel's borders from
incursions. Over the years, group has fought group in
atangleof conflicts tootwisted and complex toexplain
without devoting an entire book to it, while Beirut,
once the bankingand intellectual centcrofthe Middle
East, has been bombed into rubble.

Despite efforts to bring calm to the area, itremains
‘a region where religiousand cultural differences could
break into new warfare at a moment's notice.
‘Werewolves in Lebanon are almost all Glass Walkers
and a very few Bone Gnawers drawn to Beirut when it
reigned as a capital of commerce.

Oman

Settled in the third millennium BCE, Oman be-
‘came wealthy and impormint due to its control of
frankincense, one of the most precious and sought
after substances in the ancient world. ts long history
encompassed both Pornaguese occupation and the
formation ofan Omani emspise. Civil war te determine
control of its own interior and a policy of isolationism
Jed Oman to be cur off from most of the rest of the
world. Slowly, the Sultanate is emerging from its self-
imposed segregation. Though tourists and visitors are
now allowed, Oman is still slow to accept oucsiders,
mostly in anattempe to keep its unspoiled beaches and
Pristine mountains as well as its culture untouched
Few Garou have found reason to go to the area —
except to spot checke for oil damage along its beaches
in the wake of the Gulf War

A World of Rage

ELL LLL E STS TT TOT IY


a

ne AA

Qatar

The thumb-shaped Quear Peninsula juts north
ward between the Persian Gulfand the Gulfof Bahrain
‘on the castem edge of the Arabian Peninsula The
Land is mostly flat and rocky with no natural vegeta-
tion. Sandstorms in Qatar are a common occurrence
Since the 18th century, when Qutar established itself
as @ pearling center, the Al-Thani family has domi-
nated the country, Aside from pearls, Qatar remained
without much ro offer and was terribly poor until its oil
boom after the Second World War. Because the pearl
marker collapsed and the country was so poor, Qatar
suffered under widespread poverty, malnutrition and
c. Qatar's emirs were uninterested in the every-
unningofthe country and Khalifa Bin Hamad Al-
. became deputy rulerand Prime Minister. After
‘of virtually ruling the country, he took power in
coup approved by most of the male members of the
ruling family. Qatar briefly considered becoming part
ofthe United Arab Emirates, bt when Bahrain pulled
cout, so did Qarar. Instead, it gained independence
1971. Irlooked on the Iranian Revolution with alarm
and ity policies tend te echo those of Saudi Arabia. OF
Qatar's over 250,000 people, two-thirds are foreign
workers, though Garou find little reason to visit Qatar.

Saudi Arabia

Largely desert, Saudi Arabia is more than twice
the size of Texas and occupies most of the land area
of the Arabtin Peninsula, Settled along the Gulf
coast area since the 4th or Sth millennium BCE by
people from whats now Iraq. they were a part of the
Nabaracan civilization. In the 18rh century, the Al-
Saud family, the royal house of modern Saudi Atabia
ruled as shetks in the Najd near modern day Riyadh,
The first Saudi Empire grew from analliance between
them and Mohammed Bin Abdul Wahhab, a judge
who preached a strict, unadorned form of Islam. This
teligion remains the officially recognized form of
Islam practiced in Saudi Arabia coday. They con-
quered and converted first the Najd, then mostof the
oie of che peninmule. Though driven out and foreed
to flee to Kuwait, the Al-Saud recouped their lasses,
drove the Ortoman forces our of the area and tumed
their attention to the interior.

Oil was discovered in the 1920s, but not truly
exploited until after World War Il. Profligate ex-
penditures such as geand palaces and Rolls Royce
cars led to the 1964 ousting of Saud by his younger
brother Faisal. One of his first acts as king was to
cutlaw slavery and begin modernising the county.
During the 1960s great wealth accrued from Saudi
oil holdings, yee they were as nothing compared to

the money which poured in when the Arab-lsraeli
War led to the region's oil embargo and price hikes

inthe 1970s. Suddenly, Saudi Arabia'sincome went
from 4 billion dollars to 36 billion dollars a year. Yer

lower oil prices to
they broke Europe and the Americas' ability to pay
for oil, their country would also suffer
Duringthe lranian revolution, Saudi Arabi
ened their ties to Britis nd the
led Kuwait in
poops fron those
countries help defend Saudi soil from Iraqi invaders.
‘The result was a force of over 500,000 encamped on
wi soil and the ousting of Iraq from Kuwait, While

cil, the royal family shows no signs of surrendering any
real power. Nonetheless, when important matters a
considered, discussions with the toyal
‘and business and religious community leaders are held
before announcing a decision

Today, despite itsmodern vene:
remainsstrictly Muslim. Neither wlechol nor potk is
allowed within che country, women are expected to
dress modestly and be accompanied by male rela:
rivesand chaperones, at prayer time shops close and
no theatres or cinemas exist in the country
peuple (except in highly westernized areas such
large hotels in main cities) do not smoke, Non:
Muslims are not allowed inside mosques and no one
who is not a Muslim may come within 25 kile
of the city of Mecca. Alll of this s enforced thr
the matawwa or religious police, who seriously pa
trol and bring in offenders.

Most Garou remain on the outskirts of Saudi
Arabia, notably along the horrifcally damaged coast
line that is che legacy of the Gulf War. Despite th
fringe activities, Saudi Arabia boasts whit is probably
the largest number of Garou in the Middle East. Some
few venture into other areas, especially as rumors of 2
reat gathering of Wyrmspavn in the Empty Quarter
(the southern desert) gain credence

Syria

Syria onceencompassed theentire Mediterranean
Arabworld, including Jordan, lrael, Lebanon and the
ands that comprise its modern borders. An important

Phoenician ealing post srategic potion made

ripe for conquest by the Romans, Pe
and Babylonians. As parvof te Oxtonuat E

region gained itsindependence, which wastaken away
when France received its governance after World War
Despite its coloeful past, Syria's population is 90%

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East uw

———— nae


ee A

‘Araband Atabie remains the official language. Duting
Workd War Il France agreed to Syria' independence,
which came ahout in 1946.

A numberof military coups later, the Ba'ath party
gained control, Syria briefly entered a United Arab
Republic with Egypr, but this proved unpopular and
was abandoned in the 60s. In 1967 the Six Day War
with fsract and in 1970 the Black September hostilities
in Jordan weakened the country severely. Defense
Minuster Hafer ul-Assad then seized power:

Syria gained a reputation as a haven and training
ground for terrorists and suffered economically be-
re listing of them asa country supporting
international terrorism (a claim made more immedi-
ate by the suspicion of their involvement in the 1988

:mvair explosion over Lockerbie, Scotland. Syria

nending that reputation by its support of the

llied forces in the Gulf War and its participation in
initiatives begun in Madrid in. 1994

A little over the size of Italy, Syria holds a fertile
coastal strip, a mountainous border with Lebanon,
cultivated steppes where such Important centers as
Darnascus and Aleppo are situated and a stony desert
in the south-east. The Sept of the Bloodied Moon lies
within the inhospitable Jebel an-Nusariyah mountain
range. Its members seem highly out of place in the
Tegion, as only a few (those who usually deal with
outsiders) are Arabs. The majority ofthe sept consists
of Fianna, Get of Fenris and Shadow Lords who otigi-
nally c
for use against such foes as Pentex. They still accept a
few trainees whom they train to perform precision
sirikes against the Wyem's agents all over the world

Turkey

Just the names of Turkey's cities and sites conjure
up visions of ancient times and faded glories.
Constuntinople (today's Istanbul), the Golden Hom,
Anatolia, Cappadocia, Mount Ararat — all resonate
withanalmost-mythological recognition of their place
inhistory. Anatolian Turkey's earliest known civiliza-
of che Hittites. Ine 330 CE ihe Rousaus
emperor Constantine made Byzantium his new impe-
ial capital andl renamed it Constantinople. Ir became
the center of the Byzantine Empire for 1000 years.
During the European Dark Ages, this last vestige of
Roman civilisation kepe Wester culture alive.
Threatened by the Persians, Turks, Arabs and
jealous European Christian powers. The empire's de
Cline came with conquests by the Seljuk Turks who
took most of Anatolia. IN 1095 Pope Urban I called
for crusaders to bring holy war to the Levant. To reach
the HolyLand, they hadtopassthrough Constantinople

18

and in retum for allowing them passage, Emperor
AlexiusComnenus demanded that any territories won
from the Turks be returned to the Byzantine Empire
The Fourth Crusade, however, took and sacked
Constantinople, and the Byzantines were unable to
recaver it for almost 60 years. The Seljuks were dis-
Placed by the Mongol invaders and the new Turkish
states arose as the Ottoman Empire and in 1453
conquered Constantinople.

A century larer the Ottoman Empire reached its
greatest extent both in power and cultural accomplish-
ments. The Janissaries, the first modern standing army
gave the Turks an enormous advantage and allowed
them the military conquests they needed to maintain
their empire. Their westward expansion was halted at
Viennain 1683 andby the 19th century, theie time was
essentially over, Nationalist ideas reigned and other
powers defeated the Turks, carving up the empire
among many and leaving the Turks with almost noth-
ing by the end of World War |

Muscafa Kemal, laver called Ataturk, became the
father of modem Turkey. He repelled the Anzacs at
Gallipoliand masterminded Turkey's wac for indepen
dence. Soon thereafter he began a modemization
program, establishing a democracy, de-emphasizing
religion in government, adopting Latin scripe and
European dress as well as equal rights for women. He
also moved the capital from Istanbul to Ankars. Today
Turkey is an economic power of the Mediterranean,
providing manufactured goodsand engineering exper-
tise to its Arab neighbors. As the bridge berween
Europe and the Middle East, Turkey is actually more
European than Arab in outlook despite its populace
being 99% Muslim, Though Turkish remains the offi-
cial language, many others are spoken as Turks work in
several European countries during parc of the year, Its
many ancient cities and warm-water coasts make it
popular with tourists and serious scholars alike.

Many Garou of different tribes congregate ini Tur-
key asa staging area for forays into Eastern Europe and
the Middle East. Led mostly by Shadow Lordsand Silver

Fange theve quick serike packs travel ro remote cezion
where they deal with incursions by Pentex and ecaloyi-
cal emergencies brought on by industrial neglect of the
incessant warfare that seems to plague the region,

United Arab Emirates

Despite early settlement similar to other Middle
Eastern countries and Greek settlements, the Middle
‘Ages saw the region become important as part of the
Kingdom of Hormu: that controlled the entry to the
Persian Gulf. The Portuguese held the territory until
British naval power displaced them, When the British

A World of Rage

a i


ne AA

Empire dissolved after World War Il, seven hereditary
emits occupying lands that together comprise an area
about the size of South Carolina banded together into
the United Arab Emirates. In 1971 they declared inde-
pendence, Abu Dhabi has emerged as one of the most
modem cities on earth und Dubai isan incredibly busy
mde center. Oil is the chief (and sometimes only)
export of the UAE. Only about 40% of the population
ate Arab, The res are foreign workers, generally male,
anoxt from India and Pakistan. Few Garou visit the
United Arab Emiratesexcept ro track Wyrm-tainted oil
‘magnates co their vibrant modem cities where they
occasionally attempt to discredit or assussinate them.

Yemen

From its long history (settled 1000 years BCE) as
a trade empire based on frankincense and coffee

Chapter Three: Africa and the Middle East

——

(Shipped from the port of Mocha) and its subjugation
by Britain, the Ottomans and Imam Yahya's brief
kingship, Yemen emerged in its modern configuration
of the Yemen Arab Republic and the People's Demo-
cratic Republic of Yemen, In the 1980s, the two
warring countries agreed on a fourteen- month plan of
unification. Yemeni subjects who worked in Saudi
Avabie were expelled from that country durmg the
Gulf War because Yemen sympathized with Img

Subject to monsoons and geographically diverse
(coastland, mountains, and fertile plateaus), Yemen's
highlands remain volcanically active with hot springs
and earthquakes, Several Garou have recently taken
advantage of Yemen's new policy allowing visitors to
the area to search for a rumored Black Spiral Dancer
hive located in the empcy desert regions running from
Saudi Arahin's Empry Quarter to the sea.

A

i


AN


hi ee A orleresheesiteriemnaniemniiamn\\\ Gm

Jrdia and the Subcontinent

ne border bet

Ancnormo
mountains. The

Beng:

right

la

in the north where Tiber, Nepal and Pakistan and drain down to the
fue leave off. The Himalayas stretch a
‘eh 10nd 200 miles arth

ood plain stretches south of the
River and its teibucaries
flow south and then east, emptying into the Bay of supports some of the highest population dev

wdesh owns the lower reaches of the the world — eroded topsoil has v

Ls constantly with India over water the mount
Jus River flows southwosr:
that originate in India cross

north

pputra River fl
ihe Himalayas,

nd thence to Banj

ries already fertile land below

er the border into

Chapter Four: India and Asia

Aenea mre,

Indian Ocean. The

Along the way it crosses from China inte
adesh. The flood plain
ad down from
ns for thousands of years, enriching

RI


ee AA

A high plateau, the Deccan, occupies most of the
Indian peninsula, Low mountain ranges and steep
valleys criss-cross it. Mountain ranges border it along
the shores. The Western Ghats, facing the Arabian
Sei fall very sharply from 3000 feet to sea level. The
Easter Ghatsonly rise half that high and there's thin
coastal plain, the Coromandel Coast, between the
Eastern Ghats and the Bengal Sea, The Nilyhiri Hills.
stand in the southern tip of the peninsula, somewhat
separate from the Deccan,

Mountains form the core of Sri Lanka, with two
placeaus surrounding them. The northern part of the
island slopes down into a dry coastal pl

The lowlands all share a similar climate. The
southwestern monsoon winds blow from June to
November, bringing constant warm rain. In. the
Western Ghats, the annual rainfallexceeds 125 inches
in places where steep slopes force thunderheads to
shed their rain. In che interior, up against the Hirma-
Jayan foothills, the rainfall declines to 50-60 inches
« year. Malaria flourishes along with pulmonary in-
fections and exuberant growths of molds and fungi.
From December through February, the northeastern:
monsoonscarry ar off the Himalayas, bringing drought
and chill, punctuated by oceasional wee storms that
dump snow in the highlands and frigid rain eise-
where. Ln between the monsuotts, the still, lund au
grows ever hotter; in May, it routinely bits 120°
Fahrenheit in inland valleys. Lowland temperatures
seldom rise over 100° on the coasts, and almost never
get below 70° anywhere below the mountains.

The high inrerior plains and mountains get snow
in the winter, with extremes of summer heat as well,
There's more diurnal variation at higher elevations.
The plamsoften experience 20degreesorless change
from high noon to the middle of the night; in the
mountains and plateaus, the temperature often
changes 49 degrees o¢ more in the course of a day.

People and Beasts
India has one of the most ethnically diverse popu:

lorions in the world, Successive invasions (some vic
lent, same peaceful) over thousands of yearscreated an
ammingly diverse mix of features. Skin tone, for in-
stance, ranges from as light as many Europeans to
darker than most Africans.

Halfof Indians speak Hindustani as their primary
language. About a quarter of the population, mostly
in southern India and Sri Lanka, speak Tamil or
another of the Dravidian languages. Thousands of
minor languages flourish, or at least remain some-
what current, in vatious parts of the sub-continent
English serves ass second language among the edu-

122

cated classes. Eighty percent of Indians fallow Hin-
duis in some form; about ren percent practice Islam,
with smaller groups adhering to Sikhism, Jainism,
Buddhisin, Christianity or any of the other religions
that have come in through the ages.

India supportsat least 2000 wild wolves, mostly in
the plains and bills in the western part of the county.
Recent surveys find the wolf population much mre
widely spread and much less cut off into isolated
pockets than they'd imagined, This means the wolves
enjoy a better range of genetic variation than anyone
expected, and conservation measures make it likely
thar the wolves can move further away from their
‘endangered status. The last decade has seen a dramatic
rise in the rate of wolf attacks on human beings,
beyond the increase expected from simple increase in
population near wolf habitats.

Half the world's wild tigers live in India: be-
tween 3000 and 4000 Bengal tigers. Unlike the
wolves, tigers do inhabit severely fragmented terri-
tory, mostly nature reserves and parks that dor the
, flood plains and the Western Ghats.
leaves isolated populations vulnerable
tahereditary disease and illness, so the coral number
of tigers fluctuates wildly. Conservation efforts ate
always vulnerable to political pressure —as highly
Visible symbule of uativaal achievement, they be
come targets of parcisan squabbling.

Around 4000 mugger crocodiles live in slow-
moving streams, marshes and irrigation channels
throughout India and Sri Lanka. Like tigers, they
suffer from fragmented populations, and the croco-
dile isn't as photogenic or cuddly, When: aufcently
desperate for habitat, mugger crocodiles someri
walk several miles over high and dry land in search
of wer placesa little more protected than the homes
they're losing. A handful of Australian salwater
crocodiles ive ulong the shores of the Bay of Bengal.
facing even more habitat disruption after the Week
of Nightmares (sce below). The gharial lives in fast-

moving rivers, mostly in the Himalayas and uppet
caches of the flaad plane. Ir nearly hacame extinct

in the 1970s; conservation efforts have brought the
total population up to about 1500.

Noravens live in India. The subcontinent does have
large; healthy populations of spiders. rats and foxes

A Dery Quick History

‘The Indus Valley includes some of the oldest
known permanent settlements in the world — civil
zation arrived early. Archaeologists dispute how much
cearly Indian civilizations interacted with peers on the
Irunian placeauandelsewhere. Harappaand Moheno-

A World of Rage

[a Ree Saar,


ae AZ

ddan became cities several millennia before Chest, at
about the same time the first cities arose in
Mesopotamia, Priest-kings nuled over stratified popu-
lations in cities built of black stone, reading far and
wide. Unknown forces undermined the Harappan
culture around 2000-1700 BCE. Some Garou claim
(with varying degreesof plausibility) torecall pat lives
tn which they helped topple the society for reasone
ranging from impiety to offense against some promi-
nent Garou leader. Skeptics point at known phenom-
cena like drought.

The Aryans moved down from the north, filling
the vacuum in leadership. After a few centuries of
chaos, urban civilization returned, and spread south,
with the new arrivals. The Vedas, the oldest Indian
scriptures, took on something like their current
fortns between 1500 and 800 BCE. They comhine
historical chronicles with religious inspiration. King-
ddoms larger than and not directly connected to clan
structures emerged in the centuries immediately
before Christ, the era of the epic poems, the
Mahabharata and Ramayana. The caste system took
fon its current form at the same time, its develop-
ment echoes in the sacred poetry.

Inabout 325 BCE, Canda Gupta Maurya started
building the first subcontinent-spanning empire.
He drowe hack the frontier of Alexander the Great's
empire and united almost all of what's now India. At
the end of his life he converted to Jainism, abdicated
in favor of his son and deliberately starved to death
in Jainiee fashion, purifying his spirit of all Mealy
contamination. (Indian Stargazers claim a now-lost
totemnic spirit was responsible for some conversions
a's.) Canda's grandson Ashoka extended
further and his conversion to Buddhism
marked the new faith's vindication as a lasting force
in Indian society.

Intime, the Mauryan Empire fell ike all others, A
fresh era of curmoil began about 150 BCE. About 320
CE, the Guptas built a new empite in northem and
central India. It didn't reach as far as the Mauryas!
claims did, but culture and technological. progress
flourished under Gupta rule, and it remained a model
for Indian princes long after the dynasty itself failed,
around 750. Elsewhere in India, short-lived kingdoms
continued to come and go.

The Turks arrived around 1200, and swepe away
all resistance in northern India. Their invasion was
cone of the major factors in disrupting the Silk Row,
ending regular land teade becween China und Europe
foc several centuries. The Mamluk dynasty lasted until
1526, and united the northern half of the country
under Muslim rule. The challenge forced more unity

Chapter Four: India and Asia

———— iy

on the southern Indian kingdoms, with successive
dynasties uniting almose all non-Turkish-dominated
India for generations ata time.

In the 1520s, the new Mughal dynasty, fed by
Turkish peoples from central Asia, displaced Turkish
and Indian rulers alike. At its height, the Mughal
Empire incluxied all bur the southern tip of India, and
lands both cast and west of current Indian borders,

formalizing religious and social roles. Region forces
weakened the empire's coherence in the [Sth century,
creating the cracks into which colonial powers poured
with increasing strength. Efforts to drive out the Brit-
ih, who emerged as the new rulers, culminated in the
doomed great revolt of 1857-9. In che wake of mass
executions of rebels, no further meaningful challenge

to British rule rose for almost a century.

The Portuguese set up the first European settle
ments in In; the early 16th century, Other
European powers followed, with Britain arr
relatively late but backing its efforts more seri
By the end of the 1700s, English ocoupi
displaced their competitors as well as securing con-

trol over the native princes, When the Maratha
dynasty surrendered in 1803, che British East India
Company controlled every major kingdue and most

‘minor ones on the subcontinent.

‘To the British, India was a place to make money.
The government gave little or no official sanction to
missionary andcultural efforts, though some governors
actedon their own againstsutte (widow-burning) and
other practices. Much of the country came under the
control of absentee laridlords, who really didn't care
whar their subjects did as long as the rent came in on
time. Day-to-day management of farms, estates, ficto-
ties, railroads and the like became the province of
working- and middle-class youryz men. They exercised
fac more practical power than they ever could have at
home; the successful ones went back wthe Britis Isles
to take official positions, while the less successful ores
sinfpad cles hate preegs and Ser fromthe lap

In some parts of India, the local hierarchies
remained intact, In others, radical dislocation set
in. In Bengal, for instance, territorial enforcement
of harsh forfeiture lave stripped nearly everyone of
ancestral property claims, and a huge number of
families remain landless to this day, People without
assets feel less reluctance (o rebel. Somehow the
British seldom connected punitive practices on their
part with violence among the people. By the turn of
the 20th century, opposition to British rule became
almost universal, The examples of Canada and Aus-

123


|

we 1 ft

rmulia moving peacefully to self-government set anv
of what could be done. In 1915, an ethnic
Indian lawyer born in South Africa —Mohandas K.
Gandhi —movedito his homeland, first to take part
in and then (to his surprise) to lead the indepen-
ence movement
British control weakened slowly in response to
4 nigue patt of ideas. Gandhi's emphusis on non:
violent resistance earned very favorable: press for
the would-be seceders. Occasional British massa-
eres of protest marchers looked very bad indeed in
the eyes of the world. In addition, Britain's leaders
genuinely thought of themselves as decent people,
and white thetr colonial subjects (and their own
lower classes) might disagree with that sentiment,
the fact remains thar the British government re-
fused to we means at its disposal, There was no
systematic genocide of even wholesale destruction
of native-owned resources, only the uncoordinated
fits of violence by local authorities, who almost
always faced harsh punishment for their acts.
Vorld War I made Indian independence pos-
sible Britain could ne longer afford the empire and
had to let it go, on whatever looked like favorable
terms. The last viceroy of India, Lord Louis
Mounthatten, agreed to separate the subcontinent
into primarily Hinduand primarily Muslim terringties.
Unfornunately, the facts of population distribution
smade this cricky. Muslims mostly lived in the extreme
west and the extreme east of the flood plains, making
it necessary (so plinners thought) to establish the
single Muslim country with two parts separated by the
width of the new Indian nation, Muslims trying to
center the areas that would become Pakistan and Sikhs
and Hindus trying (© move out crossed each other in
enormousnumbers, Atleast ren million people moved
in 1947-48. The move didn't yo smoothly: at least
250,000 people died in religious and ethnic battles,
and possibly several rimes thar number.

The partition took place, and India and Pakistan
(nveveo parts) came into betng in 1948. Gandht found
reconciling the dispa
A Hindu fanatic assassinated hita early in 1948, bue
Gandhi would have died soon of illness and desp

ny event. Pakistan instituted the rule of Islam, while
India adopted a serictly secular and strongly socialist
constitution. The first prime minister, Jawaharlal
Nehiru, tried to deal as closely with the Soviet Union
ae posible without «ishing condenutation by die West
‘as an actual Soviet ally

India and Pakistan fought a war in 1965 over the
predominantly Muslim cerricory of Kashmir (which

lon failed when ir came to,

14

——

remains part of India) and another in 1971 over East
Pakistan (which became the independent Muslim
nation of Bangladesh). Tensions continue to run
high, with regular border skirmishesever since. Indira
same Prime Minister in 1966, When her
‘own Sikh bodyguards assassinated her in 1984 for her
decision to use troops against Sikh activists, her son
Rajiv became Prime Minister. Tamils, iababicants of
Sri Lanka seeking independence, assassinated hira in
1990. India struggled along under the burden of
‘massively corrupt central planning in constant con:

flict with ethnic, religious and regional ambitions to
advance one group at the expense of all others.

India Now

Atal Bihuri Vajpayee of che Bharativa Janata
Party holds the Prime Minister's chair now. The
BJP is vigorously pro-Hindu in its nationalism, and
supports the suppression of other religions. India's
huge Hindu population makes this a feasible plat.
form, even though by no means all Hindus endorse
it. The BJP also tries to balance economic liberal-
ization with the tricky business of ensuring con.
stant favoritism for the right creeds. BJP minister:
of culture try diligently to keep out Western influ-
ences, without much luck. A unified opposition
ccould oust Vajpayee, but ar the moment he enjoys
widespread support thauks co (ise teulicy) lis firas
line against Pakistani influence in the west and (in
the World of Darkness) his enthusiastic denuncia-
tionsof Bangladeshi responsibility for the Weck of
Nightmares, India's resources, including its store
of nuclear weapons, rest in the hands of leaders
who glory in burning mosques and openly speak of
their rivals as sub-human creatures.

Just under a billion people live in India. 82% of
them are Hindu, 11% Mi n, the rest an assort-
ment of Sikh, Christian, Buddhist and other faiths;
Hindi isthe most common native language, English
almost universal, with hundreds or thousands of
other languages spoken in different parts of the
country. Extremes of wealth and poverty coexist,
not just in difference cerritaries buein the came block
in many cities. The sum total of competing West:
em, Soviet and traditional ideas isa cultural hash
in which almost any excuse to ignore or abuse one's
neighbor may do. In the suburbs of New Delhi or
Calcutta, professionals, programmers and the like
live ina style indistinguishable from suburban New
York or Paris. Over the next hill, people huddle in
shanties built on garbage dumps, thousands of home-
less people crowded together, looking for the spots
that aren't quite as thoroughly toxic as the other
places they might live.

A World of Rage

TT,


ae a

‘Che Week of Nightmares
Through ihirming ozone,

Waves jal on wrinkled earth —

Gravity, light, ancient refuse of sas,

Speak of a drowning —

But thi, this somezhing other.

Bury snonater eats dark holet in tha spivit ovorld
Where wild things have to go

To disappear

Forever

Brice Cockburn, "Ifa Tree Fall"
See Time of Thin Blood for che full details. In
brief: one of the world's oldest and. most powerful
vampires woke up. Hungry and insane, it slusghtored
its way actoss the landscape for several days, finally
collapsing in the face of supernatural and technologi-
cal assaults. The effort cost the lives of countless
anovent bystanders, dovens or hundreds of veteran
shapeshifters und three of the most powerful Kul-in
on the planet. Nobody within the World of Darkness
knows the whole story. Here's how they see its.
Incheftrst weekofJune 1999, Indiaand Bangladesh
came within minutes of nuclear war. Something hap-
pened on the border between the countries, in the
‘Ganges Delta, and nobody seems to know just what. A
massive typhoon, unprecedented for $6 eatly in the
rainy season, blasted chrough the area, unleashing
tidal waves and flooding which killed hunclreds of
thousands of people. That wasn't ull, though. Some
unknown party wed a variety of exotic weapons,
apparently indiscriminately, on people and property
across a ewath dozens of miles wide. Hallucinogens in
airborne form gave everyone in the region bizarre
visions while potson gases inflicted horrible deaths by
asorcof instant exsanguination. Whoever the nrnick-
xs were, they'd apparently stockpiled mutagens for
some time, as the wildlife of the area — neatly all dead
— showed massive mutations and deformations,
Conflicting early records suggested the use of one
or more tnctical nuclear weapons, some modified form
uf ueuuure bonus developed for use tn the Europes
theatre during the 1980s. There were also strange,
unaccounted for atmosphericphenomena. Meteorolo-
xists have yet to explain regional fluctuations in solar
intensity, and military analysts suspect that some of
che gas weapons must have created lensing effects in
the upper atmosphere on their way to dispersing,
At this poine, detailed investigation seems uin-
likely. Top-level meerings and exchange of secret
data made it clear to the Indian and Bangladeshi

governments that neither side initlated the bizarre

Chapter Four: India and Asia

LY,

situation —at least, not on central orders, though
both sides worry abou whether some of theit forces
acted independently —and the threat of war faded.
Clean-up gave way naturally to cover-up. Whoe'
it was out there who killed th

¢
ands (or perhaps
many more) of innocent bystanders along with some
of the best-trained and best-equipped

ors the
J muster for border duties, neither
side really wants to know uritil and unless they ean
do something about it. Terrorists? Fanatical ele

ments within the military? American, Russi
Chinese proveeateurs? The aw
mands

y
at
nts made no de>
ind left behind no clues at all as to theit
identities. So the authorities on the spot hope that
the attackers fell to thelr own weapons,

The world at large doesn't cure, either. Medii
attention quickly moved on, in part thanks ta impas
sioned pleas from world leaders not to exacerbute the
tensions through sensationalistic coverage. The press
sticks fo more manageable catastrophes, Intelligence
agencies probe and fail to find clues the Indian and
Bangladeshi investigators missed. Only: kooks and
extremists continue to wonder or worry much about it.

‘The Garou Nation and the Beast Courts know a
bit more than the publicat large. Something of almost
unimaginable age; poweranil malevolence woke up in

the delra, after countless centuries of slumber. Some
vampires the Beast Courts capcured and interrogated

Who's Covering Jt Up?

Everyone. Every homidshapeshifter with con-
nieetions in influential organizations pulls strings
frantically. Every shopeshifter with useful allies
exploits them to the full, On one memorable
August evening, a Glass Walker spy encountered
two magicians, two vampires and a ghost possess
inga security guard, all removing documents from
adjacent offices in New Delhi, the Indian capital
They somehow avoided a fight, finished their
business and departed in various directions. Sey
eral groups independently arrived at the notion of
planting incomplete, partially destroyed forgeries
that implicate Indian of Bangladeshi officials in
plotting the June attack. The people framed have
‘strong motivation to caver It up, of cciurse; by the
time they finish their work, so much real evidence
about the atrack's nature is also gone that nobody
could establish the truth of the situation

Similar foryeries planted in. government of
fices and news agencies around the world help
inspire opinion-shapers to keep ital quct

Rs


|

later that summer said that the being was one of their
greatest, oldest elders, the guardian of lineage whoset
outtoslaughter its heirs. Other vampiresdeny thisand
profess themselves as baffled as everyone else, and
thotough testing shows them to have told the truth.
‘The few Kueirfm who speak regularly with hengeyokai
say that the force was some being outside the Middle
Kingdom, and that ite defeat came primarily at che
hands of theee of theirelders. Glass Walkers and other
technophilic changers hear garbled accounts about
secret factions within the world's armies and spy agen-
cies using previously uncuspeceed weapons.

The Changing Breeds know for sure that during
thacweek, several entities ripped massive holes in the
Gauntlet. The Gauntlet literally ceased to-exist for
several days, in various spots scattered over almost
two hundred miles. Spirits, ghosts and strange things
all poured into the world. Caems, other sacred spots
and the paths of power that hengeyokai call "dragon
lines" all suffered: the rips drained normal concentra-
tions of spiritual resonance utterly dry. After three
days of thit, scmebody did indeed use battlefield
nuiclear weapons, with aunique set of enhancements.
Some sort of enchantment boosted the spiritual dam~
tage the bombs inflicted. Miniature maelstroms con:
tinue to rage in the bartle zone, pockers of chaos thar
extend from Umbral heights deep into the lands of
the dend. Most of the Gauntlet healed up, leaving
behind asorted mundane and monstrous camage.

The total affected area is about three hundred
miles across. Ie nuns from the Bay of Bengal north to
where the Ganges' main channel crosses the Indiaa/
Bangladeshi border, The Indian city of Caleuttalieson
the southwestem edge of the storm zone, and the
Bangladeshi city of Dhaka ies on the northeastern
ceige. The intervening lands were nearly completely
depopulated, and the respective governments under-
\write massive resettlement efforts now that they feel
the contamination has all been cleared up.

In terms of game mechanics, the Gauntlet rating
throughout the area ranges from 305, even at points
where it would normally rise much higher, Niche
mares continue to haunt the dreams of nearly every
one in the area. Spirits gain 2 extra Rage while in the
area, and manifest uncoordinated, violent tenden-
ies. Every ghost in the area is consumed by a mad,
mindless desire to slaughter the still-living members
of its family and anyone else it was attached to in life
—exorcists ofall kinds run themselves ragged trying
to deal with the problem. (Perhaps fortunately for
hapless mortal targets, massive storms in the Under-
world slice most unprotected ghosts into mere Fib-
hhons of angry memory, incapable of uctian.)

126

a 277

Inside the Umbral storms themselves, everything
collapses into raw chaos. The clouds are each about
five to ten miles across, and deife throughout the
blighted area at about one mile pet hour. Nobody
really knows whats inside ther. The rain that falls
‘out of them does three dice of aggravated damage
cach hour to anyone it strikes. Inside the storms, the
damage comes faster. Observers report seeing their
packmates venturing forward only to dissolve into 9
fine mist of blood and bone. Tocemic spirits say thar
when they try to venture in, they encounter similar
levels of damage, and that they chouse novtv venture
in, Pethaps an Incama could learn more, but none
seems interested in the tip.

Fortunately, the storms are slowly weakening,
They no longer manifest physically as anything
more impressive than bad weather, with their re
maining power concentrated in the Umbra. Each
month they shrink about 10%; in another year
they'll be gone. The boundaries of the blighted area
cteep in ata few miles per month. In a few years the
zone may collapse altogether, or it may stabilize
around the particularly intense damage at its core.
In the meantime, all the sorts of supernatural being
who can deal with various aspects of the unseen
world do their respective parts to keep the forces
inside from spreading There have heen same (forme

nately poorly coordinated) Wyrm-spawn attacks on
cities inside the area, includingone successful enough
that the authorities had ro manufacture a cover
story involving oil tanker explosions at a waterfront
refinery to account for all the apparent deaths by
incineration and strangulation, Packs of

Was Jt Worth Jt?

Anyone who looks ar the toral damage cre-
ated by the Week of Nightmares and its aftermath
must wonder: was it worth it? Certainly the Garou
whose comrades gave their lives in the battle do.

Prayers to their totems, to the powers of the
Tellurian and co Gata herselt all generate a consis-
tentanswer. Yes. twas worth it. Bad as thingsare,
they would have been fa, far worte if that ancient
evil thing had survived to continue its rampage.
Particularly potent dreamers wake with visions of
the whole world charred andexsanguinated, while
perhaps a dozen monsters like the one in
Bangladesh shuffle through the ruins, hunting
each other asthe last remaining sources of nour-
ishment. A few Theurges around the affected arca
haven't been able to dream since.

A World of Rage

aa ior


.
f

A Sts

most prominent guide among them is Ashoka's Eye,
a Red Talon Theurge who is doing her best to
contain the spiritual damage. Unfortunately, she
has sustained horrible wounds on both sides of the
that refuse to heal properly. Fler
friends fear that she is not much longer for the
world, but she continues co press forward with her
attempts to heal the land.

The Beast Courts and Western shapechangers
negotiate very, very carefully with Kuei-in about
joint efforts to curtail and clean up the
mens, Shapeshifter diplomats know how
much they don't know about the souls
who've drawn the Second Breath. Kuei-jin
politics combine theology with territorial
<laisus, personal bickering and other mat-
ters, and conflicts flare up for incompre-
hensible reasons. The most enthusiastic
Cathayan vampires rush inanddosome
good, then plunge into the heart of the
scorm and find painful destruction.
Their more cautious associates doa
remarkably good job cleansing
spiritual corruption around
points and lines of power,
applying principles
that shapeshifters
generally don't grasp
In turn, few
Cathayans know as
much as they think
they do about the
powers that the |
shapeshifters serve.
Both sides try wo stay
out of each other's
way, to avoid acel-
dentally breaking
healing in progress,
and try to work out
terricorial boundaries
that make sense in
both physteal and
spiritual terms.

The Land Between Kingdorns

Western and Easter shapeshifterseach claim India
‘as part of their sphere of influence wher

to take credit for something. When th
criticize something Indian shapeshifters do, fh e
then of course India is

someone elee's a


|

eA tft

responsibility. In truth, India's shapeshifters form com:
‘munities of their own, some tied to the ourside world
and some wholly independent,

In the half-century since India gained its inde-
pendence, Indian shapeshifters have argued con-
stuntly about the true nature of their legacy and

duties. A minority view, growing more popular every
years, holds that the Impergium and Concord were

borh mistakes. Gaia did nor appoint her children to
slaughter humanity, but neither did she charge them
to adopt and defend human cultures. With apoca
lypse imminent, the Camp of Shiva teaches, Gaia's
children have literally and precisely no responsibili-
tues to humanity whatsoever, The shapeshifters will
fight the foes ofthe world, and lec humanity gevin the
way or tlee as it chooses,

The Philodox in the Camp of Shiva point out just
how bad the legacy ofthree thousand yearsof*peaceful
engagement" with human society in India is. No
quantity of spiritual wisdom stopped the custom of
burning widows alive, or abolished the abuses possible
under the caste system, or persuaded farmers to-use
land in renewable and aisrainahle ways. The apiritedid
root save India and its neighbors tom religious war afver
independence and did not stop the Week of Night-
tnares, Shivans feel compelled to defend the world (or
atleast the cubeontinent) asa whole, nor to make nice
with this culture or that.

The wolf attacks in western India show Shivan
ideals in practice. Lupus packs of Black Furies, Chil:
dren of Gat and Shadow Lords have jormed Red
Talon septs. The rest of the camp watches to see what
happens. Ifthe wolves can make humanity fle, fine
If humanity rallies, homid Shivans will help the
wolves move, Shi +s Walkersand Silver Fangs

maneuver carefully ¢o keep walf-hunting efforts dis-
organized, unsupported and portrayed unfavorably in
the mass media. Gujarat province i, or the Shivans,

a laboratory for their ideas.

Other shapeshifters haven't (yet) organized in ree
sponse to the Shivans. Different dissenters pursue their
cre wre The rose cuimereai gesupot
ainti-Shivans' work around che blight created by the
Weck of Nightmares, showing in action that Garou
‘nature makes them fitto save and heal humanity a¢well
asthe world, Shiva the Destroyerisnotthe Wyrm —the
Garou who oppose the Shivans know better than to
rake facile comparisons like that — but anti-Shivans
also recognize the risks of sliding from venerating Shiva

wo venerating che Wynn. Vishnu and Krishna, Cre
‘tor and Sustainer, also matter to the world, and re-
sponding to human (and monstrous) destruction with
creation strikes many Gatow asa fine idea:

128
—_

Indian shapeshifters find the East Asian notion of
"fortress courts" interesting. The Indians want more
time tee how the concept works out before adopring
icthemselves. The closest Indian parallel isthe push eo
unite the habitats of endangered uniuals, particularly
the ones who provide Kinfolk to various Changing
Breeds, so that cross-Breed couricils ean act on behalf
of them all. Southern changers seem to have more
success at this, forming fairly exteriive sanctuaries in
the Eastern Ghats and along the Coromancll Plains.

The Souther Indian Co-Development Associa
tion, staffed by well-meaning humans as well as
changers and Kinfolke, works with local industries to
ease the economic dislocations that follow sanctuary
creation, Glass Walker connections are essential
here, since more advanced technology often reduces
pollution problems while increasing efficiency —
1950s factories do much more damage to the world in
almost all cases than their 1990s replacements, In-
‘creased profits (particularly ones distributed through
profit-sharing plans managed by outside accounting
firms less prone to graft) and reduced resource re-
uirements or wastes to dispose of make manufactur
cers happy enough to cooperate, The most prominent
figure among them is the accountant Gopalsingh
Alagh, Stargazer Kinfolk anda rising force in Indian
politics Alagh is becoming very heavily invalved in
slobal summit meetings, WTO conferences and the
Tike; his voice is a constant call for localization
efforts, Alagh's ambition is to overcome the various
Westem-created barriers to moderication and help
his country modemize in sustainable ways that will
benefit both the population and the land.

€astern Asia

Westerners like to speak of Asia and its people
as"exotic," "mysterious," or simply "other." These
labels free observers from having to pay attention
to details: indulging in flights of fantasy supported
by the vaguest generalities certainly takes less ef
fort chan lookingat real complexities. In truth, the
Countries at the eastern edge of Eurasia hold net-
ther super-enlightened mystic masters, guardians
of absolutely every truth and the rightful leaders of
every decent human being, nor barely human little
brown brothers, unfit for moder technology and
in need of perennial stewardship. Asia is inhabited
by people, some berter than others, whose societies
differ in some ways from those elsewhere and which
share many points in common

The same truth applies to all the supernatural
inhabitants of the region. Ancient creatutes of vast
power do know secrete forgotten elsewhere, but in

A World of Rage

TT,


ed the

sum the elders of other continents know things that
their Asian peers lost long.ago or never knew. The
own veils of over-enthusiastic awe and unfounded
condescension make it hard for Westerners to sve
Asiaasit is, juse as the peoples of Asia tend to see the
West through a variety of falsifying lenses. These
illusions never did any good, and as the world lurches
toward Apocalypse, inutual unwillingness co see the
‘truth may be one of the best weapons of all in the
arsenal of the world's would-be destroyers.

The Middle Kingdom

Some inhabitants of dastern Asia, both mortal
and supernatural, refer to the whole region as the
"Middle Kingdom." The rerm reflects an important
cultural truth: every nation from the steppes of
inner Asia to the Pacific, from the fey plains just
south of Siberian tundra to the jungles of the Vier
amese peninsula, owes major cultural debe to
China. Chinese civilization developed first and in
fluenced all the lands around it. However, insofaras
the term leads people to think of the whole region as
one continuous realm, it leads them astray. Many
distinct cultures flourish within China itself, and
cach of the nations around it contains multicudes of
itsown. [e's easier to elaim peitaacy overall than to
toake it mean something in practice

Many members of the Beast Courts, along with
many individuals of Western Breeds who live in
Asia, do call their territory the Middle Kingdom. So
do a great many elder Western Garou and other
shapeshifters, drawing on terminology that dates
bck centuries in European thought. The smart ones
realize that the Middle Kingdom is a concept rather
than an actual entity.

An Overview
Walls and Trunks

Every generalization about eastern Asia fails ar
some point. A billion people simply don'rall chink the
‘same way, and the land changes substantially from one
end of ts three thousand mile expimse to the other.

Mountains define the natural boundaries in east-
em Asia. The Himalayas form a nearly impenetrable
barrierbetween western Chinaand the Indian subeon-
tin it took moder technology to make warfare
between China and India possible. The Tien Shan
Mountainsand the deserts around them make the land
routes from China to Russia almost as difficulr — che
Silk Road of medieval times dried up partly literally,
with climatic changes ruining vital oases. The Tunnan:
‘Sheng Mountains of southeast China don'triseas high

Chapter Four: India and Asia

—

as the Himalayas to their west, but they otter steep
alopes and treacherous ground for anyone secking to
‘rossinto Burmaor Thailand. Thick,unhealthy jury
elutter the relatively narrow lowlands tha
China to Viernam.

To the cast, there's a single large border: the
Pacific Ocean, Island chains make ic possible to sail
southeast, to Polynesin. Indonesia and the lands south,
ofthem. The massive ocean due east yielded seldom, if
ever, to explorers before the industrial age, and those
who may have found answers ta some of its secrets
seldom returned to tll of thir diecoverte

On the mainland, the mountains and the sea
shape the weuther for the whole aren. In winter,
high-pressure systems in central Siberia emit bone:
chilling winds that blow all across Mongolia, Korest
and the northern half of China. Drought extends
beyond the reach of the winds themselves. In the
summer, warm moist winds blow in from the ocean,
creating cyclones and monsoons

Mongolia, Manchuria, Korea and China's Yel
low River valley all share a similar climate: scoreh-
ingly hot and often very humid in sums
-50° Fahrenheit and parched dry in w
lands tend to be arid plains and fields, wit
Temaining forests clinging to steep mountain slopes.
The only except 1 winter dronighe
occur relatively clase to the o¢ean, where ocean
windscan run into nearby mountains and shed theit
rai —this gives Korea dense forests, us China used
to have before demand fur timber deauded large
swaths of land millennia ape

The Yangtze River valley of southern China, with
tributaries reaching far ino the interior, experiences
very different weather, Ir also gets hor and wet in the
summer, burstayswet in winter, and most of the valley
seldom, fever, experiences rust. The southern reaches
of the valley shade into jungle and tropical mouneain
slopes. Fields, marshes and forest groves make up most
of the valley, at least where it hasn't been developed

Mountains take up most of Japan, with lowlands

generally occupying only a narrow strip at the base of
the mountains. The few broad plains hold che largest

cities, and have been fought over from the days of
earliest human settlement. The climate ranges from
nearly tropical in the south ta alm
north; most of the country has temperate weather
comparable to the middle latitudes of Ameri

The Tibetan plateau is simulat wo interior Chins
dry all year, hot in summer, bitterly cold in winter,
Some fertile Lindsexist around che lakes and mountain
rivers, and more hasbeen carved out from the terraced
hills, Long ago, the plateau was densely forested, but

connect

arctic in the

29

A


|

A tft

‘the region's inhabitants Cut down nearly all the trees
for firewood and shelter centuries ago. Mader efforts
at reforestation proceed slowly and erratically at best,

People and Beasts

Outsiders (and most natives) look at eastern Asia
and see sprawling cities and crowded fields. They see
the truth... hur only part af it. Moe thats 909% of the
people in these countries live in less than 20% of the
land. Yenesmay go by between one sighting of human
being in u distant desert or swamp and the next
ting. In eurlier ages, the Beast Courts and other
changers lived among humanity. As the Sixth Age,
the sorrowful Age of lron, rushes down like a black
tidal wave, more and more of Gaia's chosen retreat to
havens far from humanity sed evtet lsat lands only
when absolutely necessary ro deal with Kinfolk.

Defining ethnicity is wn art, not a science. The
facts of degrees of relationship exist in the world at
lange: the importance people attach to various ties
exists only inthe minds of observers. Even in the
World of Darkness, where powerful spiritual forces
feflect shared belief (and sometimes shape whole cul-
tures), the boundaries herween this group of people
and the nextire softand flexible. Exceptions exist for
every generalization. The borders drawn here reflect
hhow most of the people involved define themselves,
at necessarily the conclusions any other student of
the peoples might draw.

The vast majority of Chinese people identify
themselve= as Han, Within this broad category there
ate Several importunt subgroups: Hakka in the east,
Cantonese in the south, Wu in the north, smaller
stoups spread throughour the region, The Chinese
goverment recognizes wore tan u hundred other
ethnic groups, mostly nomadic and semi-nomadic
peoples along the borders. To China, of course,
Tibet is another province of minorities, however
much the Tiberans think of themselvesas their own
people in a conquered land.

Ethnic Mongolians comprise 85% of Mongolia's
population. Smaller wibes, some with only few dozen
siurvivors,existasthey can around the fringes, compet-
ing forscarce resources. Mongolians are also one of the
big minorities in China — hy some estimates, more
Mongols live in "autonomous regions" within China
chan in Mongolia itself. A single ethnic group ac
counts for nie population of both
Norch and South Korea, apart from a few tribes both
governments wish: would hurry up and vanish, oo
simplify their record-keeping.

Japan's population consists ulaiont entirely of eth
rie Japanese, but includes more than a million ethnic

20

a

Koreans along with the Ainu people af the northern
island Hokkaido. In recent years, genetic and other
stuidies showed Ainu heritage tobe far more pervasive
in the general Japanese population than anyone bast
expected, The news meets the sort of welcome that
white supremacists in America feel upon finding they
have African-American ancestors,

‘The toral wolf population of eastern Asia in
the tens of thousands: less than 100,000, possibly
less than half of thar. China holds a few thousand
(all in the Yellow River valley and north of there),
Tihet another few thousand, At least $0,000 wolves
live in Mongolia, whete much of the environment
remains undeveloped even if polluted at a distance
by massive Soviet and Maoist industrial enterprises.
The last known Japianese wolf sighting occurred in
1907; a move to reintroduce Chinese wolves re
mains stalled in negotiations.

‘A fow hundeed wild Siberian tigers stil roam the
forests of easter Siberia, northeastem China and north-
em Korea —more exist in 200s than in the wild. Almost
‘wo thousand Indochinese tigers occupy the forested
‘mountains thar straddle sonthem China, Burma, Laos,
Viernamand Malaysia Les than 50SouthChinese tigers
‘exist in the wild reaches of the Yangrx, with abour the
same number in 200%. Alligators used to exist in lange
rnumbers along the Yangtse River. Now they'ce almost
extinct, hidingamong relatively undeveloped areas. Un-
fortunately for them, the soresof low plains they like best
ako attract the densest human settlement. Spices ad
att, of course, flourish everywhwre. A wide variety of
poisonous snakes live in the warm southern parts of the
region, and a few particularly yeriomeus specles farther
north. A handful of wikl bearsexist inremote mountains,
though their Gurahl kin all died of fled long, long ayo.

The Nomads

Tribes of people who may or may not accept the
authority of any nittion-state move across the lands
claimed by. Russia, Mongolia, China, Tiber und
former Soviet republics. The word "nomad" refersto
several quite different ways of living,

Full-time nomads maintain no permanent settle:
ments of any kind. The people ride horses and tena
herdsof carele, goarsand sheep. They may spend afew
weeks ara particular oasis to pick fruits and vegetables,
then they move on wgain. Most nomadic tribes estab-
lish regular routes, whether they circle around in the
‘course ofa year orspend several years in extended ates.
Complex negotiations settle most disputes about who
gets access to grazing land and other tesources at any
given time, (Wars settle the rest.) Whatever posses-
sions these nomads have must go on saddles and cars.

A World of Rage

Ty,


eee LS PANTIE PO

Even full-tiine of "pure" nomads often set up
camps for women who are pregnant or raising very
small children. A few men usually act as guards. TI
rest of the tribe comes by from time to time with
supplies. Elderly members of the tribe may stay with
settled women, or may simply die once they ean no
longer move regularly, Few nomadic peoples get the
luxury of extended compassionate care for sick and
ailing tribe members,

i-nomadic peoples spend part of the year in
one place asa tribe. Usually chis means wintering in
ome particularly promising spot, with good gracing
and shelter for the animals and convenient places for
the people to dwell away from the worst of winter
scorns. Once spring comes, the tribe moves on again.

‘The larger i uibe grows, che hader migration,
becomes. Particularly large tribes, like the Mongols
were in cheit heyday, don't really migrate at all, They
make seasonal moves from winter to summer quarters,
often wrapped in rituals toevokeaproperfeelingofties
tothe ancestral spirit of migration in the participants
‘The nomiulicheritage takes on ceremonial and nostal-
sic value rather than mattering in practical existence

At the startof the new millennium, various tribes
practiceall these ways of ving. Small cribes confound
census takers (and tax collectors) inadozen countries,
while some big successfal ribesof Moneolsand Uighurs
don't look any different fram the self-professed farmers
of other peoples,

In the World of Darkness, fully and semi-nomadic
peoples inake wonderful Kinfulk, Their movements let
them remain in contuct with isolated populations of
endangered species. Kinfolk nomads tend woregand seden-
tary soxteties not just as weak and ripe for looting, but as
tools of Weaver, Wyrtn ot both, auakisys die occasional
sock and pillage a religious ducy-as well as a. valuable
supplement to income and bal resources. For their part
Kinfolk in rational governments fear that dark forces
seduce nomadsintoservingthe impending Sixth Age, and
‘want tomakeall the nomads stay putfoe proper education.

Mongolia: A Distant Home

Mast of Mongolia isa plateau, from 3,000 105,000
feet above sea level. The Gobi desert stretches across
the southern part of the country, cutting off most lines
of travel co China, The Altai Mountains likewise
block off most routes north to Siberia, Majar rivers
flow north into Lake Baikal (actoss the border in
Siberia) or northwest into Lake Uys, Lake Hyargus,
Lake Hovsgol and several smaller lakes,

More than three-quarters of the land serves as
‘pasture for gracing herds, Two and a half million people

Chapter Four: India and Asia

a

Status and Rights

The nocion of equal rights thae apply univer
sally toall citizensof anation, let alone toforeign-
ers and everyone in the world beyond, simply
doesn't occur in any of the major philosophies of
caster Asia. Individuals hold rights anid respons
bilities based on their social ranks, which in tum
depend on the individual's own moral worth and
the virtue of the family. Uneil Western ideas
spread, peasants don'trevolt in the name of eal
ity, but for the authorities w exctvise the wink
and justice they're supposed to possess. No impe-
rial Chinese or Japanese scholar would give a
moment's thought to the idea that in outsider
could have a fundamentally worthy new ues.
Debate raged over whether all barbarians were
hopelessly doomed to norance, oe whether some
might be educated so as to be the equivalent of
slow children in civilized lands,

Few ideas occur to only one person. Ancient
philosophersin variouslandsdo teach thatheaven
regards all people as equals, possessed of ome
unalienable rights, I's just thie cheir teachings
remain marginalized, influencing neither official
popularity nor popular views.

Garou and other shapechingers find
sort of status system very congenial, at least in
principle. They live themselves in a strictly
ordered hierarchy endorsed by Gala, and usually
approve of a comparable ordet among hau
Leveling breaks down the social distinctions
that should naturally accompany distinetionsin

birth, gifts and achievements. Many easter
Asian changers look favorably on traditional
revival movements, which restore an awareness
of hierarchy tw human society

live in Mongolia. 90% are Mongolian in ethnicity and
Tanguage; the remaining 10% includes Kazakh, Chinese
and Russian communities plus mix of smaller groups.
Senne wha wnate daar he poople live nein, while
the other half spread thinly, with an average density of
five people per square mile. More than 959% of Mongo:
lians practice some form of Tibetan Buddhism, even if
some local practices would horny scholars of the pure
faith. Most ofthe remainder hold to some form of lan,
In practice, ofcourse, religious boundaries ebband flow,
and people mingle elements of many faiths of past and
present. (Lintil the fall of the Soviet Union, nobody was
officially anything bur atheist in the Marxist-Leninist

BI

tiie,


|

eA SSG

vein: Even reday, many Mongoliins don't till about

their beliefs except to people they know very well.)
The Mongolian People's Revolutionary Parry holds 9
and seems likely to continue to do s0. The

soli major
Great Sate Hi
sna the parties represented in the Hural put forth candi
dates for President. Mongolian law combines ideas from
Rossian, Chinese and Turlcish traditions, overlaid with
native innovations. The Hural appoints judges, and unlike
most Western goverment, Mongolia mikes no provision
+ thoverumn the actions of the other branches.
itl levels, with the real law
Officially, the MPRP.

being wharever perp fast pad fi
embraces fre tad, restrained goverment spending and

scciallkerties: In practic, petty tyrantsof the Communist
era cling vigorously to their fieftioms, and "tree" trade i
sully froe only tothe parties withthe best bribes. The lass
ovietaid in 1991 nearly destroyed the indhstral sectors
of the evoncaty, and they remain struggling txlay. Most
mines remain closed, and almost none run at capacity.
Without ore, refineries don't work, and without refined
metals fuctariesdon't work, Foeignerwithmaney fot new
ises encounter a mix of welcome (it's job!) and
suspicion (did they set this upto enslave ts).

Lake Hovsgol:

The Court of the Walled Lake
Lake Hovsgol National Park surrounds Lake
‘Hovsgol, fourteenth largest lake in the world —a full

‘one percent of the world's fresh water sits here, in a
steep valley in the Sayan Mountains. The lake itself
runs 85 milesnorth to south, and up to 23 miles east to
west, The park's irregular borders add « few more miles
oof protected space all around the lake, and an extra
east-west expanse up against the Siberian border,
Loreality, the national park suffers badly. Overgraz
illegal loggingand poaching deplete he animal and
the region, while fuel spills and toxic waste
dumping foul the lake. In the World of Darkness, it's
‘event wore. In 1998, in fact, it gets so bad that the
government closes down the park completely for an

clentifie.and commercial
groups work torestore the park tosomethinglike health,
but without expectation af success anytime soon.

Ac least, that's what the world thinks.

The like and its environs do suffer. They're abs
getting healing attention from the new inhabitants: a
major new court for the chiklren of the Eimerakd Mother.
Mongolutmakessenseasagatheringspotforthehenseyokal
Here live: more than half the region's wolves. Theit ter
tory overlaps that of remaining tigers (along with lyr anal
other greatcats). Ratyand ravers go everywhere, of course,
an foxes find sufficient prey in the forests. The land and

132

a

lake are too cold for mast gre liza, $0 sone of the
"restoration facilities" include extensive hothouses. Allof
the Changing Breeds who wish to participate inthe life of
the Court of the Walled Lake may do s.

‘The courts biggest advartage is its remoteness. The
seat criss of the new millennium don't touch it. The
‘environmental problems threatening the lake and park
are very real, but not news; they'rw part of the legacy ofa
vanished era of industry obsessed dictatorship. Nothing
like China's Three Gorges Dam, Korea's famine andl
constant near-war or Tibet's sctive conflicts loom over
orthesn Mongolia. Heve dhe beasts can consider theie
actions with the benefits of distance. The courts close to
the scene play vital roles.of course, coordinating observa:
tion and activity on the spot. The Court of the Wallet
Lake 1 in the process of becoming a new center of
contemplation and shared wisdom, a haven for these
weatied by bardeandaschoo forthose readytoseepforth,

The Court also acts the primary embassy for meet=
ingwith Sunset People. The Beast Courtsknow therisks
of treachery; sad events in recent years confirm that
some of Gaia'schildren stil eject honestyand integrity.
The Courtof the Walled Lake exists far from the places
thehergeyokai act most directly [f worst came to worst
and itfelltoartackers he hartle against the evils of the
age willstill continue. Sunset People come here and se

the glories of the Beast Courrs arrayed for peace and
study: ancient libraries and even more ancient scholars
working alongside this generation' leaders and this
year's cubs. The court's designers hope that perhaps
‘trangers may feel a touch of shame ae their own barhar
jan ignorance, It's safer this way.

Hengeyokai critics of the new court describe it as
a bubble of irclevance, a dream of a lost age ata time
when the Green Motherneeds Her children toface the
dark future. Skeptical Sunset People say that the
hengeyokai write themselves out of the story of the
Apocalypse, leaving the battlefields to Gaia's more
serious and motivated children. The court's advocates
respond that action without consideration is merely
stupid, and that wisdom takes time to accumulate.

China: The Ailing Parent

China matters to the region and the world. Of
course it matters: a billion people who share one
culture (sort of), one language (or at least several
<losely related ones) and a legacy older than any other
existing society can scarcely be ignored. Their deci-
sions necessarily affect everyone around them. Unfor-
tunately, China's actions at the start of the new cen-
‘nury aren't thove of a strong general or wise emperor but
of an old parent stricken with confusion, no longer
uitesure where the armsandleesall go, whose evessee

A World of Rage

Ty,


ee AA

past glories rather than present trouble, Some
hhengeyokai scholars say thar the Sixth Age begins
with the decline and fall of the "Mao Dynasty," and
boch Eastern and Western students of the Prophecy of
the Phoenix find signs of its fulfillment here

Chinese history runs back thousands of years before
the beginning of the Christian era, Only the Zhong
Lang know for wire which of the dynasties attributed te:
pechistoric times existed, and they don'c care to argue
the matter with human scholars. Scientific evidence
definitely confirms the Shang dynasty, fom the 18th to
12th centuries BCE, and provides partial confirmation
for the Xia dynasty five hundred. years before that.
Anything arlice isthe stuf of tales, The Shang dynasty
and its successor the Jou dynasty set the pattem of
Chinese culture. The [ Ching, the clasic book of
coacles. dates hack to this era, as do some early poems
and prayers. In the millennium. before Christ, rival
dynasties conquered more and mote of their neighbors,
and in 221 BCE, Qin Shihaungdi united all of what we
now thinkofasChina. Hisshort-liveddynasty, the Qin,
gave its very name to China.

Careless or exuberant Westerns speak of an unbro-
ken continuity in Chinese civilization, They're wrong,
The uth is a complex pattem of incegration, collapse,
conquest and reintegration, After Qin came the Han
dynasty. which gave its name tothe people of China and
set the pattern forall ta successors. Four hundred yearsof
civil war followed the Han's collapse in 220 CE, with
nomadic conqueroesrulingsome partsof theold kingdom
and petty tyrants gessping at the west The Sui and Tang
<dynastics brought the country together again from 581 0

How (Do You Say That?

Wherever posible, this chapter uses the
pinyin renderingof Chinese names, Irlooks weird
but is actually much simpler than alternatives.
Nearly ail the consonants sound just like they
look, with three key exceptions:"S" sounds like
very soft" avery soft "hs"
sound, almost like "shoe"; "q" is a particularly
hard "ch'' asin the German "ach" or the Scottish
"loch' The vowel "a" is asin "watch"; "e"is very
such like the short "u" in "gun"; "i" is short, asin
"pig's "o" is long, like in "go"; "u" is long, like
"flu." The Chinese stacks of vowels sometimes
took intimidating: "iao" is almost like "yow" asa

hort syllable: "ei" ts the vowel sound in
ou" isthe vowel sound in "Joe." Some of
the details get complex, but these rules get you
quite close almost all the time.

Chapter Four: India and Asia

—

960, and theni chaos retumed in the period of Five
Dynasties (in the north) and Six Kingdoms (in the
south). The Lino, cousins to the Mongols and Manchus,

ruled the north for ewo hundred yews, and the Jurcher,
another nomuxlic people, nile fora century after that

In 1264 the Mongols under Qubilai Khan com
pleted their conquest of all of China. A century later
they declined into ineffective decadence and native
‘opposition rose, culminating im the Ming dyrabey, the
first ethnically Han dynasty to rule the country in four
hundred years. [n tum the Ming became overconfident
and lax, and the Manchiswept down toseise the whole
country by L644, Lacking the legitimacy of being Han,
the Manchus compensated by strivingforthe legitimacy
of orthodoxy. They so successfully adopted classical
‘Chinese pattems that they couldn't respond at all tothe

ing tide of Western presence, suffering defeat after

defeat until their final collapse in revole and evil war in
191 |. fnthesomewhar more than two thousand yearsot
the Chinese imperial systetn, Chinese emperors pre:
sided over unified kingdoms scarcely half the time

Changes kepe happening ‘at-Sen's well-
meaning, liberally organized Chineserepublicstruceledd
along until gangster Chiang Kai-shek came to power.
He made the republic an instrument of personal en
richment, much like the biggese protection racket
‘ever. and fed rebellious anger which Mao
his Communist forces exploited brilliantly. Civil wat
began in enmest in the 1930s. The outbreak of hostl
ties with Japan stowed but didn't stop the war; in 1949,
Chiang and hie retainers fled to Taiwa found #
reduced version of the republic. Mao consolidated the
mainland under the tule of the People's Republic of
China. In the 1960s, Mao unleashed the Cultural
Revolutian, an attempt to purify the countsy Wevlog-
cally that destroyed mastof the leading intellectuals of
‘\ generation and created unresolved injustices whose
consequences last to this day. The Chinese Polithuro
continued after Mao's death in erratic, drifting efforts
to perfect Communism, create a distinctive Chinese
grand synthesis or simply muddle through.

China Now

In theory, China remains a Con

and

expression of Marxism-Leninism. In practice it's cer-
tainly centralized und totalitarian, with political phi-
losophy that draws on Confucian and (part
Legalise traditions of the imperial era aswel
ideas, Supreme power isa matrer of personal domain;
every time the supreme leader dics, power struggles
break out at the top, and no institutional pracess, no
equivalent to free elections or even simple hereditary
kingship, guides the cransition. The lines of power on

133

LY TY,


id Che Ambassadors

ccutive branches to the president, have little to do
with who actually makes decisions. The chaisman of
pese Communist Party, who isn't anywhere an
officinl charts, makes the real decisions. Sometimes:
the chairman is the president, like now: Jiang Zemin
holds both positions. That's not always true.

Paper, running up through the national congress a

Changers who recall past lives in China look at the
current political situation and think about dynastic co:
lapse. For all the Conmunist regime's effort to fice itself
from outdated imper

Mist dogma, social parterns don't

4 Cours" i
ixed location at all, Instead, the Court at Large
ourt of the: Ambassadors, sends its packs wh
theysuspece they may ind allies, The Court at Lary
tw build a network of humans, animals, chang
and shen ready to act when the
Instead of genemationsaf chaos, the Court at Lange hope
only afew yearsof disorder teed follow. Some visionaries
of the Court dream that they can make China so strong
that itcan fend offthe Sixth Age altogether; othershore
more temperately toxceu veall until
the Wheel of Ages starts turning upward again.

The Court at Large prides itself on diversity, Its
critics call ir "mongrel" and "moeley." The elderly
Zhong Lung and Khan who founded the court in the
1970saccepe with good humor theirrole as rroublemak-
ets. They provide shelter co hengeyokai and Wester
changers wich more fordners for dealing, with ousiders
than most changer communities approve of. The court
aims to put chit curiosity to use. Sometimes it works,

charts account for the role of
Amy. In the 1980s its senior

funding. They resporxied by soinig int

despite repeated at

wernment col

ugest busin
pes by th

ventral government to
economic independence. In addition, local and
provincial authorities balance power within their tem:
tory in a wide variety of ways; some amount to nearly
independent lords who.ean ignore almost all directives
from the capital in Beijing. A lender as strong as Mao
might pull the country back together, almost certainty
ryrannty. More likely, the existing
escalate untilthe whole regimecollapsesin
the face ofa credible outside alternative. If Mao was the
etnperur who founded a new dynasty, what comes niext
1s more likely to be another eri of interregnum, and
splintering than a glorious new unity.

tensions wi


et ft

sometimes not, Some troublemakers get themselves
lulled or wounded for their troubles. But sometimes the
court wins valuable success. The court seeks out
anyone and everyone who might help preserve China:
all sms of supernaural creatures, human magicians,
normal humans of good will and even (a very few)
vampires who share w love for the Middle Kingdom.
‘Theirambsssadorsarca variedlt, including Ten Thou-
sand Eyes, an orphaned Ananasi who was raised by the
court rather than his own kind, and was trained in the
ars of negeriaring with Kumo; Fallen River, » Silent
Strider under exile from the Canon Nation wha seeks to
prove himself by understanding and dealing with Yin-
‘oriented Ket and Bandit-Eater, ascholarly Hakken
eller whohasdticaced hiseffores to understanding and
reasoning with the Namebreaker mages.

One of the more unusual groups within the court
is the Furchair Family. In the 17th century, Spanish
and Irish silorsof Celtic ancestry took part in trading
mmissionstoChing, and few sertled down. Theirranks
included a handful of Fianna. The changers married
into local families, ond in a few generations cheir
ethnic identity vanished altogether excepr fora reces-
sive tendency to bright red hair, The Garou retain
their tribe's affinity for erearures of dream and spirit.
The Fitehait Family lives in and stound Beijing, and
recently discovered that they gct along splendidly with
the hsien, the mysterious "Eastern Changelings," of the
capital. The Garox don't really understand the ismes
that confront the Jade Mandarin of Beijing, but it's
clear to each side that the other means well. and
together they may yet crack some holes in the wall of
rigid formalism and impending death.

Hong Kong

See World of Darkness: Hong Kong for a much
more detailed history and coverage of the state of
affnus there. This section provides a quick overview
and updaves the events of the present moment.
Before the 1700s, Hong Kong was merely 2 set of
horrenistandsinhabitedby afew ehousandfishermen. The
‘opium tide made Hlong Kong suklenty useful asa port,
sand by the time the British setcd ee island in 1841, it was
regional rrade center. The popubition went from thou-
sanal to millions within three generationsasChines and
foreigners alike swarmed in W pursbe wealth, Britain's
extremely asset far social policy allowed gross injustices
to preva, but also preserved local culture even. as the
Chinese Republic and the People's Republic-set about
stamping out radition, In he mid-20¢h cennury inulastry
sturted growing along with trade, though the territory
‘elf remained (anal remains) extremely resource-poor

Chapter Four: India and Asia

J

Hong Kong Now

In 1984, to almost everyone's surprise, the British
government agreed to retum all af Hong Kong co China
im 1997, when the lease on the New Temtories woukd run,
out. In 1997, the changeover happened very peacefully
TheChincse government paystip service wsthenotion of

respecting Hong Kong's syarem of social onder, forcixy its
chingeson the territory in piecemeal fashion. The chain

reaction of currency collapses and Asia-widle depression
has dome as much harm to Hong Kong's eccaomny as the
flight of so many wealthy (and not-so-wealthy) inhabit-
ante to Canada, the US and ethes

Hong Kong is technically a "special administra
tive region" of the People's Republic. The PRC ap
points three of the thirteen cabinet officers, including
current Chief Secretary Anson Chan. The Legislative
Council includes members elected directly, appointed
byelection committees and selected diteetly in parli-
mentary fashion. Independent councilors outnumber
all the parties represented, and at this point debate is
very much a struggle each against all. PRC-backed
investigations have swept much of the old-time ors
fluence out of the police... and created
‘many new openings for the yangs that the PRC or the
Amy favors. Everyone knows that the tanks could
come rolling in just as they did in Tiananmen Sxjuare
Nobody knows what out
nobody'sheen willing top

rs wold do, anal «oy far
itfarenough to find out

‘The Mother of Peach Crees Caern

The Septofthe Cenineil for Universal Tadcemenged
from factional fighting within the Warders tr 1898, Its
members and their Kinfotk played small bur

couldn't stop any of the wars of the 20th century
(though thes tried, and some died valiancly in effort
toslay warmongers before it became too late), bu they
did protect Hong Kong from the worst disruptions. In
the early 1980s, the Sepcotfered tours of Hony Kong's
quiet spots to British diplomats contemplating their

response to Chinese propesals on handling the island
after 1997. The caem's guardians believe that the or
portunity to ponder in peace, largely free of Wyrm and
Weaver comuption, contributed to sexind decision:
making in 1984,

The turnover itself created no peoblems for the
‘euern or aept. Unfortunately, the bad news came mot
long thereafter. The sepr discovered that while they'd
done a fine job policing their own Kinfolk and the
busirwesve adjacent to the 200 in which the caer rested,
they'd overlooked problems elsewhere. A purge of anti:
‘Communist Trind influence in the police department

135

TT


the sepe of many valuable contacts. Com
le internal security investigations in the eivil

led to the dismissal on grounds of ps
| instability of some of the sept's best-placed
lk and other allies. By the start of 1998, the
lucked official ties to protect it from the press
of development

Ambitious officers in the People's Libe

Army set up front groups to seize control of the

ping mall and film company adjacent to the
wer Jo Wu found herself facing eco

on on all fronts; her decision to
won the properties close to the caem
ast her the opportunity to defend her assets else:
where. Seprelder Wok Wok Rik is in failing health
and may lose conteolling inter
pny utany time. Thezoo itself
and pollutants.

concent

in his tlm com
iffers trom neglect
jovernment would prefer
to build a series of smaller , and distribute the
construction favors to their allies, The ministry of
public works turns a blind eye to waste dumping
the hills 9 as long as the kickbacks
keep coming in, and the resulting poisons sot the
{and both physically and inthe Umbra

Divisions run deep within the Hong Kong
werewolf community, Mainkand supporters like: Glass:
WaT > close down the

of Peach Trees Cem altogether, $0 as to
srictotheold imperil ers, Stargrzers trying ro
we to the ruins of Sh M very and the
general public to anew
supernatural presence; long-time residentsresentthe
inthwe. So far only minor brawls punctuate heated
awerts, and greater violence remains (for the
ent) a worry rather than # tea
Similar divisions afflict the
Breeds, Khan police officer Ling Chu, once the
neat Hong Kong citizens, quit the

after repeated quarrels with his new
supetiors (and, less publicly, with a

yew rival —a mainlander Khan with Commu
ympathies). Henow wor

asahero, Only the
‘rowded nature. n't

semination to mi
Apocalypse on theit own terms

‘The Western Lands

China's westem provinces don't look much
like the east a Makan desert sprawls
across Xinjiang province, with actual sand dunes

|

136


em el SSI

just like in che movies, along with utreely barren rocky
and earthen hills. The Himalayas and Tien Shan
mountain ranges converge like eyelids, poised end:
lessly before blinking. Rivers descend fram snowy
heights to go nowhere, literally. They drain into the
desert and vanish before connecting to lakes ot rivers
that flow out of the desert, The Tarim Basin, which
includes some niot-quite-so-desolate plains around the
codges of the desery, started drying up before the Chiris-
{tan ena. Forests gave way tosteppesand then to desert.
Life now clusters around the remaining oases and
underground rivers, In the summer, temperatures get
to 130° Fahrenheit and more, while in winter they
descend to -60°, plus gale-force winds.

‘The Uighur nomads, related ta hoth Turks und
Mongols, live here. China callsthe province the Uighut
Autonomous Territory" and treatsit much likean Ameri-
can Indian reservation. Chinest ispectors generally
treat the Uighur like developmentally disabled children
who might semeday carry out orders well but who cer
‘inly can't function as part of the modem world. Ambi-
‘ious Uighurs find ways to gamer wealth surreptitiously,
often in the drug and anny Wake dust weaves access the
borders between former Soviet republics, China, India
and Pakistan, Extremes of illicit wealth and imposed
poverty coexist with persistent tribal life.

Xinjiang also hosts @ unique population of Garon,
Wolvesflourish inthe mountains atleast whereStalinist
and Maoist factory complexes (now nearly all aban-
doned) didn't blight everything for miles. The moun-
and the human communitiesof oasisdvell-
exsand herders provide small bur stable populations of
Kinfolk for both homid and lupus Garou. The Tarim
asin és closer to the Black and Bultic Seas than to the
Pacific Ocean: While the routes here are rough and
often dangerous, the survivors find ie worthwhile,

This is where the outcasts of che Garou Nation,
‘come. Metis gather in cavesand villages around almast-
dead oases. Children with parentsof different tribes ive
inextendednetworksof informal kinship, amongfellow
Garou who'd all just as soon not tlk about their
ancestry, Vistonanies, berecis und defeaved would-be
rulers try to rally thete fellow outcasts, or simply plot
revenge on their enemies. The basin lies far enough
from zealots for Garou purity thar few crusades interfere
with the eccentric, passionate thythms of outcast life.

The Beast Courts take no official notice of the
outeasts, A few missionary-minded Kitsune and Tengu
attempt to recruit the Western outcasts to superior
Eastern ways. They find few willing audiences; after
losing out to one sec of rules, the outcasts generally
prefer their own anarchy co-someone else's authority.

The Takla Makan Penumbra holds « mystery that
few scholarsprobe with any succes. Low cloulscoverthe
spiritual sky, and a red glow suffuses them. It looks like
there are cities burning, somewhere just over thie horizon
fromwhereveran observer isarthe moment, Archeology
provides no evidence of ancient cities inthe region,
neither human nor changer folklore includes lost civil
zations. A piack of sages who once made the tripactoss the
Himalayas to India consulted Mokolé about the
Thellzandsprafessed tofind no clue aboutit in their
‘memories. Since the appearance of the Red
‘prophets claim that the red nights offer a glimse of the
future, asignofthe destruction that the staroritsservants
will scon unleash.

Taiwan

Anethnically mixed population of Pacific [stand
crs first settled Taiwan cen thousand years ago.

very long time they had litele contac with the outside
world: they fished and hunted in theit territory, and
others pased them by. The istand is sub-tropical, with
dense forests surrounding steep, high mountains, and
offers few incentives for pre-industrial traders
conquerors. Except in the highest mountains, the
weather ranges from hot anid rainy in summer to warm
and rainy. in winter. It very seldom gets under 60"
Fahrenheit even in mid-winter.

European traders in the 1500s found the island
useful enough to bother with. An early Portuguese
outpoaefell te Dutch invasion, In 1626, the Dutch built
capital at Tainan, the first permunene modern settle-
ment. In the 1660s, the recently triumphant Manchus
evicted the Dutch nd then fended off an grtempe at
Ming revival. Mainland itumigrants poured in once
"Taiwan hecame securely a part of the Chinese empire
Japan seized the island in 1895 and held it until the end
‘of World War I. Taiwan returned ro Chinese conteo}
only briefly; the fleeingeemnantsof the Chinese Repub-
licsettled in Taiwan. The Kuomintang nationalist party
declared Taiwan the new seat of the Chinese Republic;

they moved the capital to Taipei, nearly on the opposite
cad of the lund om Tan. They sil sexcely

acknowledge the PRC's control of China, just as the
PRC leaders prefer to regard Taiwan as 2 rebellious
subordinate unit soon to yield to central control
President Lee Tenghui, of the Democratic Progtes
sive Party, opposes the Kuominuang line of eventual
reunification (with Taiwan leading the mainlandrather
than vice versa, of courte). The DP accepts the wchistn
asa fact of life and favors a fully independent Taiwan
Few governmentselsewhere in the world eare to support
suchan assertion in thefaceof China'spersistent claims

Chapter Four: India and Asia 137

———— i,


AA,

Several rimes in the 1980sand ‘Ws, the US found itself
facing the threat of war with China over US defense
agreements with Taiwan. The Taiwanese government
gets less recognition from the Unnited Nations than

nens of would-be independent states and even non
governmental organization. Pacific regional defense
Creates carefully avoid saying too much about Taiwan,

The current balance of power looks even worse
than usual for Tarwanese who dream of real indepen-
dence. Inthe aftermath of a devastating earthquakein
Septerher 1999, rhe mainland government demanded
thot relief workers earn PRC approval before entering
Taiwan, Almost all foreigners complied, happily or
grumblingly but with few serious objections.

Taiwan Now

For the first rwo generations after 1949, Taiwan
was-a one-party state, owned and operated by the
Kuominting, Lee's DPP successfully challenged that
supremacy in the 1980s, and today several smaller
patties abso hold enough sears to count in, crucial
elections, The Legislative Yuan includes some repre-

ives chosen by councils of overseas Chinese and
some selected by the aboriginal rribes ofthe island, in
auldition to the majority of representatives elected by
the land's Chinese population,

The 1999 earthquake only worsened economic
hardships endemic to the whole tegion. The Taiwan-
«se economy last experienced overall growth in 1997,
Some sectors, like parts of computer manufacturing,
do faitly well, but even there the picture isn't rosy
(The real-world siauation includes more good news: as
always, in the World of Darkness good news moves
slowly, while fwd news speeds everywhere.) Rising
suntan of living in Taiwart make cheap kaborof less
developed countries look appealing to manufacturers,
just as Tarwan itself did decades ago, Taiwanese con:
cerned with their independence chink that it's close
race to see whether China collapses into chaes before
cr after it can reach to grab a weakened Taiwan,

Taiwan's environment suffered badly after the
Kuomuintany exodus, Would-be liberators of China
couldn't be bothered with the fate of a few trees or
anwonkeys. Todlty, half che island's drinking water suf-
fery from waste contamination, while coxic levels of
heavy metals blight the rice crops. The DPP does
strongly supportan expansive system of naticnal parks,
which protect habitats but ean scarcely repel air- and
‘waterborne contamination from elsewhere. The list of
extinct species is sinull, the list of endangered epecies
much longer, Lee's administeation backs efforts to

import replenishing populations from elsewhere. So
far few of these progtams show much success, though
at least they don't noticeably make things worse

138

The Court of Five Chambers

On the easter side of Taiwan, the mountains
plunge down steeply into the sea, with cliffs dozens to

hundreds of feet high. This wild land now enjoys park
status, and the rigors of the terrain keep casual visitors
away. One af the new "fortress coures" preparing for
the Sixth Age flourishes ina network of caves around
aa small, beautiful cascade. The rising sun shines di
rectly into the central caves theough the waterfall on
the solstces; che court's inhabitants take this asa mark
of the Green Mother's delight in Herown creation and
feel themselves blessed to gather h

The outermost ring of chambers stays almost com
pletely undeveloped, co avoid creating anything tht
would attract seagoing tourists, Successively. deeper
rings show more elaborate decorations: The Coutt of
Five Chambersisn't the first Beast Courtspresence here
— disease and attacks from Wyrm-creatures destroyed
previous courts, whese legney includes extensive moss
fcsillustrating the history of the ages. To these, the new
inhabitants add tapestries, statues, even computerized
dligplaye evoking the beet of the fuling Fath Age. The
deepest chamber, where the elders gather to debate the
weightiest questions, echaesto music createdby rescued
spirits who sing to each other in the small crevices that
bring ais into the caves. The Cout of Five Clhasuber
includes war sentai thar specialize in breaking through
the hideously complex Weaver and Wyrm snares sec
around the island; the elders hope to assemble an army
of allies for coming bales.

Long tunnels run inland to concealed entrances cut
of sight of the sea. A few tunnels sink down deep, into
flooded chiambery where the eklets very, very cttiously
negotiate with independent Same-Bitowhw show signs of
listening. Nobody oneitherside wally expectsanythingto
ccoine of it... butsemething useful might yet emerge, and
both sides agree that talking now dees no harm.

North and South Korea

Organized kingdoms developed on the Korean
peninsula almost as soon as in China, Chinese princi-
palities conquered parts of the peninsula a few centu-
ties before the Christian ers. The Kogurye tribes most
successfully resisted, and became the dominant ethnic
group. Tradition referstothe Three Kingdoms, though
in fact there were four for centuries: Koguryo (the
kingdom sharing the name of the people governed in
itand the other three kingdoms), Packehe, Kaya and
Shulla. All four emerged between 57 BCE and 42 C!

Buddhist missionaries entered the peninsula in the
fourth cennury. The rulers of Paekche and Shilla foal

A World of Rage

ae ney,


NY

~

ee AA

thenew teachings quite comparible with warfare, and by
the midale of the sixth century, only those twokingddoms
remained. Armiesof Tangdynasty Chins invaledin 660.
‘They crushed remnants of the defunct kingsdoms, then
found their progress halted —one of the very few serious
sethacksthe Chinese nnniesexperiencedon theit eastern
bonders, Shilla conquered al its rivals and drove out the
‘Chinese in 668. In the wake of the Chmese retreat, a
united Korean kingdom governed for the fist time, The
sunaller, weaker kingdom of Parhae stretched from the
northern exge of the Korean peninsula into Manchuria,

Shilla culture set che pattern for Korea, much
the way Han culture did for China. Buddhism spread
everywhere, seamlesly incorporating folk beliefs,
blunting the kinedom's military edge and encourag-
ing social stability as a side effect of seeking long-
term perfection. It dido't last forever, of course. In
933, conflices between the kingand regional princes
escalated into civil war. The suppressed rival king-
doms emerged again for a few gencrations, and
Parhae influence extended further south, (Pathac
irself collapsed under kare Tang invasion in the
middle of the 10h century, sending refigees rather
than would-be rulers into the peninsula thereafter.)
Generations of inconclusive war followed.

In 1022, the kingof Koryo reached apeace accord
with the Liao dynasty then ruling northern China
(one of several dynasties founded by nomadic invad-
ers). The peace gave Koryo time torecoverand then to
cexpandon Shilla cultural developments, includinygthe
creation of art styles that remain popular today. Sec:
tional rivalriesearly in the 13th century weakened the
kingdom und the Mongol invasion nearly destroyed it
altogether, The dynasty recovered, sort of, and stag:
gered on through minor revolts and occasional com:
peting kings until the end of the 14th century.

Neo:Confucian revival displaced Buddhism as a
governing philosophy. In 1392 the Choson dynasty
rook the throne, and Choson kings continued (0 rule
until 1910, Early Choson kingssponsoredthedevelop-
ment ofa newalphaber distinct from Chinese, to help
dloeingulsh theie kingdom froen Chine. Korea fended
off a Japanese inyasion in the late 1500s and two
Manchurian invasions in the early 1600s. The next
round of invasion, at the end of the 19th century,
succeeded because Japan's modernized milicary simply
overwhelmed the less sophisticated Korean defenses.
By 1905, Japanese troops controlled all of Korea. The
last Choson king officially abdicated five years later.

Japan artempted co systematically stamp out Ko-
rean culture. The occupation government outlawed
the Korcan language and Koresn family names, forcing
Japanese names on everyone. All mid: and upper-level

governmentponitions went to Japanese officialsbrought
‘over from Japan for the purpose, as did many manage
rial positions. Japan reserved the right to veto any
transfer of land, and routinely confiscated the assets of
troublemakers for distnibuion to more cooperative
Koreans and Japanese immigrants. ‘The occupation

lasted until 1945, In the waning months of World War
Tl, when it became clear thar the Allies were deter:
‘mined enough to invade even Japan itself iF need be,
Japanese troops systematically burned und looted Ki
rean businesses, infrastructure and personal property,
50 48 to te up Allied resources on the way to Japan,

The Allies agreed that the Sowiet Union would
accept thesurrender of japanese forces above 38 degrees
north latirude, the Americans blow it, Neither side
imayined that the border would become permanent;
each country presumed that a unified Korea on their
favored terms would soon emerge. The current govein=
mentsof North and South Korea were both imposed by
their respective occupiers in 1948, Two years later, the
Sovier-equipped North Korean army poured actos the
borderinanefforc to overwhelm allsouther resistance.
‘Seoul, halfway down the peninaula, changed hard foue
times in the first year. Gradually the South Korea
amy, backed by the UN, forced the invaders back, and
until war'send in 1953, fighting concentrared in bloexly
pitched burtes along che 38th parallel. The two Koreas
each lost half-a million people; China. lost almost:
million soldiers, the US 33,000, the UN 16,000. Half of
all industry and a third ofall housing in both countries
were destroyed in the war,

Hot war gave way tocold war. The Demilitarized
Zone along the 38th parallel became a permanent
fixture. North Korea became the family dynasty of
the Kin family, run on stricely Stalinist lines: Sou
Korea drifted through halfa dozen different consti
tions, all promising liberty and offering economic
‘opportunity without much political choice. Massive
industrial subsidies paid off as South Korean goods
found markets worldwide.

The south creeps along toward something like
the proven risks of sustained tyranny —one president
cended bis term when a disgruntled citizen ssassin atest
him, and mobs take to the streets when official oppres-
sion grows too strong:

North Korea perches on the brink of collapse. Kim
T1Sung's death in 1994 left a power void his son Kien
Jong Il cannot completely fill. Fasnines caused by bu:
Teauecratic mismanagement and corruption are now
routine, and as many as half the people suffer ftom
malnutrition each year. China's internal turmoil re
duces an already-weak commitment to support North

Chapter Four: India and Asia 139

aay i a


aren em ara tie emer ianitaacanetlS

ee eA

Korea, sing a paranoid set of authorities unwilling eo
riskehange and unable tokeepdoingthe same old thing.
For the time being, they auccessfully run an interna-
tional extortion racket. The US and other governments
pay them in food and supplies to back away from
threatened invasion oF we of nuclear weapons.

South Korea has 46 million people, the North 21
mill Combined with the increasin, parities in.
income and well-being, Northern envy grows every
Year. Bribes can only work so leng. Nobody kiows ust
when the North will snap and trv another invasion.
yy South Koreans fear it won't be long.

be
Japan
See World of Darkness: Tokyo for an extended
history of Japan and particular attention to the role the
apan's politics and culture,
Japan's firstsettlerswere a mix of seafaring peoples;
Irs Continue to argue OVer the exact of ratio of
pre-Han Chinese to Polynesians and other contribut-
ingeultures. Around the start of the Christian era, the
Jase major migrations concluded. Thereafter the main
islands' ethnic mix stayed much the same:
The Yamato kingdom firs united most of Honshu
wound 300 CE, through # combinadan of conquest and
diplomacy. Cental puwet never lated Jong, and the
kingdom flourished or lapsed into chaos depending on
the personalities at any given moment. Buddhist monks
brought their religion w Japan in the 6th cenrury. Ac first
priests of Shinto, the dominant native religion, objected
vigorously. Careful negotiations, sudy ind compromise
to a reconciliation in which Buddhists preserited
Shinto deities as manifestations of the Buddha. Bud-
dhism became the state religion. Unlike most losers in the
battle for state endorsement, Shinto remained tolerated
and widely practiced, simply not officially sanctioned.
Ac the end of the first millennium, the Japanese
kingde uched all the way north to Hokkaido,
conquering the Atnu while keeping theny separate
from the populace at large. Samurai as a so class,
dal calaslonshipe of mutual' cathe of
commitinent becween superiors and subordinates,
bound by tenets of he fare, emerged in
response to the Fuyiwara family's control of the central
govemment. The Fujiwaras spent several generations
monopolising power and indulging their taste for cor-
ruption. The Taira family led a successful revolt, only
oto family in 1185, The
‘Minaunoius formalized the role of shogsn, the supreme
military leader who acted (in theory) on behalf of the
emperor, controlling the resources of the kingdom.
‘During the next five centuries, rival families seized
the shogunate for a generation of more, only to lose it in

Mo

scho

a fresh cycle of chaos, Japanese defenders rumed back
Mongol invasionsin the I4thcenrury,atthecostof many
cof the country's best troops and most of the chain of
command. Toward the end of the 16th century, inereas-
ingly effective shogun brought warring families hack
under central control. Tokugawa leyasu defeated his hase
major opponents in. 1600, establishing the Tokugavr
family as supreme warlords for the next two and a half
centuries, During the eraof disorder, Cheistianity arrived
with European traders. At first the Japanese nobility
tolerated it as a minor nuisince. When ic proved quite
popularamong both the kowerclassesand the:
tolerance tumed to persecution. The Tok "
ishedall Christianstoa handful ofeiticson pain of death,
and hunted down converts trying to live anywhere else

The Tokugawas did not escape the laziness and
corruption that brought down their predecessars.
Unlike therivalsofearliershoguns, however, Tokugawa
opponents didn't aim to set up a new shogunate.
Instead, a small cabal of warlords, generals and intel
lectuals forced the last Tokugawa to step down and
restored real power to the emperor. Emperor Meiji
embarked on ant ambitious program of modemization.
Japan had never totally seolated itself from the outside
world, despite some shoguns' wish for solitude. Now
the countty's ltaers embraced Westem technology
while crying to keep much of Western culture ar bay.
Competent (orat least strong-willed) samurai became
business managers; their less eflective peers became
flunkies and trust-fund recipients.

Along with modernity, the Meiji Restoration
brought « renewed sense of manifest destiny. Japan
went ro war with China in 1894 and Russia in 1904,
winning both times in short onder and annexing large
holdings on the mainiand, Japan joined the Allies in
World War | but stayed mostly out of the conflict
Under Emperor Hirohito, Japan invaded Manchuria
in 1931 and China itself in 1937. The Japancse
invaders committed mass slaughter, created slave
labor camps and (in remote areas of Korea and Man

ia) facilities for conducting torturous experi-
swenis on lrunuans beings. Lewiel andl mori responstbtl

for these acts remainsa hotly contested subject six
decades later. The Japanese concluded an ayreement
with Hitler's regime (caring the Japanese the status
of honorary Aryans") and attacked the United States
in 1941. Eventually, exhausted resources — of both
war materiels and manpower— combined with over-
whelming Allied assets to drive Japan inte defeat
American use of atomic bombs on Hiroshima and
Nagasaki made the implicit defeat explicit.

Since the militaristic approach 10 modeminy had
proven 40 thoroughly unsuceesful, more peacefil ap.

chi

A World of Rage

i _—


es cern rr a eam reneenerensree

ae A

proaches gained popular and official support. During the refused to subvnic to central eanagement of econcin
Amenican post-war occupatil 's major industries. development, It's the followers at
shifted to peacetime on, Many suspected war on the government to pay their b
Js remained ensconced atthe heads of theie corpo: he end of the Tokay
uttheSoviet J

wa shogunite, many

a pervasive sense thar things just aren't
when Soviet troops were actually ime tum tw traditional reli revival: ¢

small, defenseless nations all nround the ranks of devout, practicing Buxidhist
email it Japan. Former Ja
support to American military basesand intelligence opera
for help concealing unpleasant secrets.

J no interest in creating — cvety year
xe watlords gave their

tions in exch,

cturers put Western notions of

ghly than mast of
their Western rivals d won enough eco-
nomic influence in:
spark a fresh round of paranoid

teuth, the worldwide grins came

Gcass.

the expense of social and econ
. When a few key parts of the Japanese eco:
system weakened in the 1980s, a

lowed. Even the most ruthle
backrogm manipulutors can only

take their power sar: the Liberal
hich had euled
since the end of the war, lost can.
«rol of the government in 1993,
though an LDP Prime Minister
sotumnad on poseriin 1998:

Arthe end of the century, 125
ple live in J
s barely growing
immigration it wou
shrink, since the native birth rate
{s well below the level needed to
builance out the death rate. The
factories of Chinese and other Pa

Democratic Pas

cific Rim nations compete. very
effectivel

ing nativ
grants encounrerin the West. Gov-
ernment debr chokes off « huge
fraction of the country's wealth
no plausible way to
hour completely over
ry to Western mythol
ogy, many of the most successful

and ther

companies are


the statws quo. Some Japanese choose to immigrate, oF
at least toaffiliare themselves with foreign companies
run on un-Jjapanese modelssoas toeseape the pressures
of Jopanese conformity. So far no Visionary offers a
future popular enough co draw major support, and
nobody can guess what vision might take hold. japan
experiences nothing like the overt return to warlord
days chat plagues parts of China, but Japan too suffers
for want of a sense of direction.

The atomic bombs unleashed potent Wyrm forces
into Japan's Penumbra. It's unclear now whether the
bbomibsthemselvestoreholesinto dark realms, orwhether
pethops preexisting powers drained the bombs' energy
for their own ends. In any event, the soul of Japan
sickens year by year. Even the most remote wilderness
sulfers eruptions of Wyrm creatures and (miore insidi-
ows) a. general reduced vitality, Mighty caems grow
‘weakssmall new caemsrot prematurely. Courts inother
countries eportfinding Japanese hengeyokai,andeven
Sunset People with sutstantéal Japanese ancestry, ote
brietle, more prone to quarrel, more given to extremes
Atleast some ofthis is projection, but there seems to be
somecoreof truth wit, Particularly discouraged Theurges
talk about needing to abandon Japan altogether, while
particularly outraged Abroun discuss depopuluting the
islands to starve the Wyrmespitits.

‘The War of Six Faces

Ln recent years the ongoing conflicts between
factions in the Japanese underworld have tured
strange, Chinese Triads looking for new markets
they don't have to share with the People's Libera-
tion Army pour in, sheltering among the laborers
who work in Japanese sweatshops. The grandchil-
dren of World War If warlords, bored with life as
shareholders in interlocking directorates or minor
ministry posts, decide that peaceful expansion is for
losers, and plot anew eraof Japanese empire starting
in the underground, Supernatural heings of many
sorts pursue their own agendas as well

A secret war rages for control of Kyoto, Hunian
with their talk of pethaps moving the Japanese capi-
hick to Kyoto. The move to Tokyo symbolized a
change in postwar Japan; a return to Kyoto would
rmurrk a fresh acceptance of older notions of Japan's
destiny. The move would also put the capital right in
the middle of the Kanto plain, home tw' many of
Japan's biggest industries. Some unknown wit com-
pared tt toa famous Noh play in which anthropomor-
phic versions of the six elements that compose |
Ching hexagrams fight it our until heaven freezes
them in their current forms. The name stuck.

12

—_

A ee

Tiget Toranaga,a Japanese Khan, leads the effort
by an alliance of Tokyo yakura families, to secure
Kyoto's underworld for themselves. He won early
successes, impressing some of Kyoto's criminal elders
and forcing others into subjugation

Now he finds the going slow.
cof thepcoplche deals with, and purticulurly the Kinfolk,
aire More prone in recent months to psychological
abnormalities. He doesn't yer know that they've be
come victims of Bane-tainted candies muanufictured by
« Kuei-im industrialist, Harada Tetsuo, For mest af this
century, Kueijin Yoshida Shimazu has manufactured
Japan'sbestcandiesand used hisfactory complex twhelp
purge the Wyrm-tamtthacafilictshishomeland. Harada
began as one of Yoshica's proeégés, hut found the hates
of dealing with demons tempting. To hide his new
associations, Harada moved acrass the country to open
hisown factory, packaginghiswaresto onkasmuch like
Yoshida'sastrademarks allow. Eventually, someone will
notice the cursed nanure of Harada's candies, and
posible that Toranaga and Yoshida wil fight together
Tong enough to fix the problem.

‘Toranaga does know that anti-Communist Chi-
nese immigrants underweite the costs to import Chi-
nese military weapons and fomor soldiers: the itni-
grants hope to stare a new Sino-Japanese war

Tibet

Tibet's history begins at the same time as China's
Scholars trace rivalries in pre-dynastie times, with
ibes sharing dragon totems pitted against cribes shar-
ingphocnix totems. The dragon tribes won out in the
‘east and became the forerunners of modem Chinese
civilization. The vietory came anly alter sustained
struggle: Shang dynasty chronicles make no mention
of victorious westerners, but the capital moved mare
than a dozen times apatt from oceasions with docu:
mented explanations like flood or famine. Ir rook
centuries for the Jian people, the ancestors of modern
Tibetans, to give up their eflorts to cont the west,
The lian show up reprateilly in Chiewer raronte
during times of trouble. Whenever the ruling dynasty
became slack, the Jian moved in to seize theie share of
loot. Incalmertimes, the Jian practiced herding. Inthe
4eh century CE, the Jans fiest fought against and then
ntermarried with nomadic peoples from further west
The kingdom of Tibet emerged over the next two
centuries as an entity with fairly stable borders und
©. The united armics of dhe new kingdom won
enough battles against their Chinese opponents to
secure treaties acknowledging the kingdom's eastern
borders. In 641 CE, an inter-dynastic marriage be-

He finds that some

A World of Rage


~

ee AZ

tween the prince of Tibet and the daughter of one of
China' leading generals confirmed the status quo.
Throughout the Chinese imperial era, Tibet's
borders stretched out when China was weak and
drew in again when China strengthened. The two
nations competed for control of oases and trade
routes. In paracularly crumphant moments, Tibet
ruled over almost as many people as China; with
claims running from the eastern edge of Turkey to
deep inside what's now China, At other times, the
kingdom included even less land than now com-
prises the istrative region,
Buddhism came to China in the 8th century, and
found ready acceptance amonga people well aware of
existing on the margins of their knawn world, Bud-
ist teaching helped formalize an emerging serfdom
system. Ninety-five percent of the population were
thereafter peasants, notallowed to change theirsocial
situation; senall lineages of hereditary priests and bu-
reayerats administered the kingdom. All of this, the
sages said, was the result of karma, and any peasant
who was tuly good, completely submissive ro authori-
ties and in all ways accepting of his lot might hope for
a better life next time around. Changing people's
condition in a single lifetime would tamper with the
‘manifest fruits of karma and jeopardize the universe
The triumph of Buddhism didn't lead to stagna>
tony Tibetan culture continued to change just as
Chinese culture did, In the 9th century, a series of
kings ried to drive our Buddhism and revive eatlier
tnbal religions, and lost much of the kingdom to
Chinese conquest in the midst of civil war. Bud-
dhism returned to official favor, but retained influ-
ences from Bon, the leading native belief. Tradi-
tional Tibetan quietness in the face of outside hos-
tilitysupported courtcommitmenttoamore "closed"
style of Buddhist practice than prevailed in India
Tibetan Buddhism favored meditation, the use of
mantras and the belief that the truest wisdom ean-
not be shared or taught. A grand convention of
competing Buddhist schools in 1076 hammered out
enous on esventiol doctrines, inoluding tl
reincarnation of sages and their repeated appoint-
iment to power across lifetimes
The Tibetans surrendered to the Mongol horde
and received generous terms, which allowed Tiber 10
preserve its culture during the centuries of outside rule.
China conquered Tibet outright during the Ming
dynasty, inthe late 14th cenrury. Tibetan nobles grew
very rich on the trade in tribute, exploiting every
loophole chey could find to collect fees snd levies
islong the way. In 409, angry monks convened and
founded a new school of Buddhist thought. "Yellow

Hat" Buddhism reaffirmed a strictly ascetic approach
to holiness, with wisdom coming only through the
denial of material impuises and the classes doing physi-
cal labor encouraged (or required) to support monks
and nuns. The new sect foundered fortwo generations,
before winning support from Mongol converts, who
prockiimed the sect's leader of the time the Daa
Lima, supreme feader, Mongol uroops backed Yellow
Hat nobles' efforts to drive our the Chinese.

Tibet spent the next several centuries in legal
limbo. In practice, Mongol princes ruled over Tibetan
nobles. In theory, depending on who said what at any
given time, Tibet belonged to China, which allowed
Mongols to rule on the emperor's behalf, During the
Qing dynasty, the Chinese intervened repeatelly to
protect che DalaiLama, who usually coopentted readily
from rebel movements. After a 1747 uprising, the
Chinese abolished the kingship altogether, They re
placed it wich rule by gexia, aeademically-trainedd
bureaucrats subordinate tw the Dalai Lama and the
Anban, chief protector of the temples

Nepalese troops invaded Tiber several times atthe
end of the 18th century, In 1793, the Amban re:
sponded to the crisiswith a decluracion of eompletede
facto power for himself and his heirs and future ince
nations. Thereafter, all government decrees bore his
imprint, The Dalat Lama could write to the emperor
only through the Amban, Even the confirmaticn of
the Dalat Lama's new incarnation depended on the
Amban, who oversaw a lottery system to select from
andidates, Unsatisfactory Dalai Lamas all tended to
die early, unless protected by the Chinese authoritica.
Every aspect of Tibetan life came under the Ambian's
scrutiny, and remained chere until L911

Asthe Qingdynasty collapsed under the weight of
conuption and change, Eutopean presence touched
Tibet for the first time. British eroops marched across
the Himalayas several times; in 1904, the troops mas
sacred more than a thousand Tibetans who tried to
resist. The L3th Dalai Lama fled to Mongolia for

personal protection. Inhisabsence, the Chinese struck
deal with the Beitich, including outrighs brilses. The

new Republic of China organized Tibet and the west
em provinces af China into a single province, abolish
ing the Amban's authority.

The next forty yeurspassed in mutual confusion for
everyone involved. The Republic of China lacked re-
sourcestodoanything effective with tsnew province of
Xikang and in general tried to ignore it. The army
gartison in Lhasa revolted, captured the Amban and
settled into protracted skirmishing with Tibet's mains
military force, the New Army. The armies provided the
only existing civil authorities; the monks scattered, no

Chapter Four: India and Asia M43

ios i


eam A SSA

quantity of wisdom apparently sufficient forthe needsof
a people dreaming of improvement in this life while
suffering fresh chaos, The Dalat Lama tried co avoid
fuclingsympathy forindependence, alwaysdealing with
China in a carefully subordinate role.

Tibet Now

In 1950, rivals to the Dalai Lama led a revolt
against the new People's Republic of China. They
failed badly, China imposed a military dictatorship,
which remains to this day. Tallies of the Tibetans
kalled in the early years of occupation vary: some-
where between 2% and 10% of the 600,000 people
then living in Tibet were executed or killed in battle
by 1959. The general in charge of the Tibetan mili-
tary zone gained all the old powersaf the
mote. In 1959, the 14th Dalai Lama, only recently
confirmed i his position, fled to India, Shortly
thereafter, Chinaand India went to war,with control
of Tibet one of the issues, China triumphed de
sively in 1962; the Dalai Lamna remains in exile,

Tedlay more than two millicn people live in Tibet
Allbur 70,000 ofthemare Tihetan, The minorityinchides
Han Glkinese (ielulingthe occupation cops), Mongols,
Turks, Uighurs and members of many smaller tribes. In
places where the occupation forcesand the local authort-
{wey cooperate life goesas wellasitean under occupation,
The Chinese governmentspenditiany millians of dollars
every year to renovate damuiged temples, pay for echuc.
‘don, improve public works and the like: Where dissent
flares, local authorities become too greedy of the occupa-
tion commander simply feels ike being harsh, matters get
ouch worse, Some villages are new completely empry,
theitpeople shot, penned in prison camps orexiled. Inthe
‘World of Daiskness, the People's Liberation Amv allows
te of chemical and biological weapens in "controlled"
circumstances, some particularly obstinate valleys ate
joow simply sterile ewth and rock

The Dalai Lama remains a popular worldwide
symbol of Tiber'scollective wish forindependence. He
gracefully man liscussing just what sort of
system he thinks Tiber should have, since a message of
sentwed peru would alicraave Weaterni-
crs. He focuses on a message of personal enlighten
ment and lets others fill in the gups-as they see fit.
China, for its part, propagandizes on behalf of its
success stories and denies the existence of atrocity
zones. Noresolution to this war of symbols seers likely
{o occur uny time soon,

Shigalu Monastery and Afterwards

Foralmosta thousand years, the Sepeof the Snow
Leopatd held court in Shigaly Monastery, in southern
Tibet. The Stanzazer tribe has httle formal

mbar and

14

tion, but insofar as any group led the tribe, Shigalu's
residents did. Many of the key developments in Star-
sazer philosophy happened here, and spread around
theworld chanks ro traveling students Through count
less changes of political power over Tiber's human
population, the monastery endured, assisted by a.com

bination of serene wisdom and cunning
carefully applied.

Serenity and conning sometimes fal, in 1998, the
monastery's good fortune in out

Inthe real world, the Chinese occupation of Tibet
isa complex, ambiguous process; simple slogans don't
do justice to the isues. In the Worldof Darkness, some
matters are more clearly focused. The southwestern
department af the People'e Liheration Army incladoe
willing servitors of the Wyrm as well as unwitting
dupes, all the way up the chain of command to the
provincial offices (and possibly all the way to Beijing).
Tr'snot just mortal men and women who revive the
ancient war of dragon against phoenix; it's also crea-
tures bent on destruction. Shigalu's elaborate defenses
crumbled when fomori scouts pinpointed the
waastery'> location and called in the troops.

Officially, in the early houts of June 2, 1998, 2
"cragic failure of communications" led to the acc
dental release of nerve gases destined for safe dis-
posal at a remote incinerator site. The Chinese
government depiores the calamity, paid handsome
tepurations to the relatives of people in the three
villages destroyed by the leaks und invests large
sums in improved monitoring and disposal facilities.
Nobody outside the chain of command sees the raw
panic that holds sway as colonels try to figure just
what the hell happened in that valley. None of the
troops who marched up to Shigalu monastery stir
vive; most of them didn'teven leave corpses hehinil

Banes possessed an entire regiment. The now-
fomormajor forged ondersinstructing him todepopulace
the monastery and vicinity, and everyone set forth. The
special weapons units emptied their stockpiles for the

purpose, while ground rroops worked on each ather to
shape improvised weapons in flesh and bone. The

humans and Gorou found themselves facing an unprec-
edented force, and no quantity of Gifts or supernatur
martial artssuficed co hold back the invaders. By noon,
conly afew dosen survivors clustered in the deepest caves
beneath the monastery, and by sunset, they were all
dead. The troops then tured cn each other, leaving
behindempey uniforms drained of blood and ichor. Less
than a dozen Garou escaped into the Umbra to bering
word of the defeat to the outside world.

In the wake of the cacmn's loss and desecration,
maces around the world dehate the causes of the

relligence

A World of Rage

LAT LS LT LY IT,


tragedy and their course af actien
heart hes still. One fact
former Keeper of the Land at Shigalu and one of the

highest-ranking survivors — argues that the monas

tery brought it: doom down for insufficient attention
ings. ks with the fire of 2

recent convert when she says that the
er is the of the world' and
Tibet arty of

nger monks sitsel
Karma freezes the world every lifetime, justifying the
continuing power of some men and women over oth-
The new Camp of the Ten Thou-

webs throughout human society:
ge, or perish

The Beast Courts take nore of the loss, and the
of the Cor led Lake have their own
bout what to do next. The very terms of the
show a maturity rare among Sunset
le. Sympathetic Mirrors always argued that the
Courts should uecept more enlightened outsiders than,
the Courts traditionally de. Now their arguments carry

Chapter Four: India and Asia

IREDELL AT ART

more weight. In the Sixth
needsall the wise and loyal childre
place with one accord. The Court of the W

tinone
alled Lal
now formally invitesall members of the Stargazer
to join with the Beasr Courts
Most of the Garou Nation sh
at the news, if they hear it at all
eral tatheircone and the
Iypse so pressing everywhere. Who can
time to worry about a bunch of monks?
‘The Strikers and Hand aren't having much sue
cess rousing their fellow Garou. Would-be crusaders
find plenty of targets closer wo home. The uncertainties
surrounding Albtecht's status and the overall condi
tion of his tribe require attention; the Am Ws
needs warriors; countless local issues press in. More
thana year after the monastery'sfall, only a handful of
packs now roam the mountains, destroying Wyrm:
tinted soldiers caponry as they can. It's not
to make a difference; if anythin
senall-seale action feeds Chinese fe
alienates the Tibetans who will face the reprisals.

nuurly enous

L



4

Australia and
New Zealand
History of Australia

Long ago, long hefore Gaia called the three tribes
to the Pure Lands, the ancestors of the aboriginal
n the island continent. They
land shaped over 3,500 million years before,

ced from Gondwanaland for only 50 million
of those years. Austra nd plant life
of the warld since

yet sepa

e newcomers,
00 BCE, Din
some Garou tribes now
breed, came to Australia nbout 2,000 BCE, probably
there by seafarers. Still despite
of the ls
and remained empty of human occupa
Until white men came to settle in the
borigines lived in harmony with n
f the Dreamtime. The aborig
thanks to the use 0

from New Guinea around
wild canines with who

occasional

sigh nd or an isolated visitor, most of the

te 1700s,

ure and the
‘bred with the
rite, bred with
Australia. Because the ab-
vrigines kept Gaia's laws and made no permanent
Jisfigurement of the land, the Bunyip never enforced
che Impengiune i Australia, Over 300,000 abcaigines

he
spirie

the marsup

existed
han 200
\umber— most

speaking some 500 different lang
traliapriorto whitesettlement. Today le
remain —recoverinig from a far lesser
of whom are of mixed descene
European explorers found Australia in the 1600s
though the frst settlement was a British penal colon
Fort Jackson (later renames Sydney). Free setters arrive
and the port became an important whaling cen
peans spread to Tasmania in 1803 and to the west
colonicingallsixofthe modem states of Australiaby 1859.
And werewolves came with the Europeans to

Australia, some even abo. The Bunyip
fele that the neweamers were touched with taint and
d for caems and wanted nothing to de with the

European werewolves, As the settlers treated the ab
many Citrou treat their Bunyip kin
did in America, the invaders sought to take

tine lands and to discredit Gaia's
what has been called the worst crime of the Garou
Nation, Europe's werewolves emdicated all the B
ted astray by a Red Talon's rage for vengeance and @

Chapter Five: Australia and the South Seas ir

————

LT,


aA

Black Spiral Dancer plot which convinced the Euro-
ins thar the native werewolves were Wyrm-tainted.
This act of genocide, known as the War of Tears,
turned the spirits of the land against the Garon, mak-
ing ic difficult for them to oversee their stolen protec
torates or wm keep Wyrm-spitits from corrupting the
Drcamtime. And as. final blow, the Tasmanian thy.
lacine was wiped out, leaving the newcomers iede
choice other than to breed with dingoes or import wolf
Kinfolk and hide them in their various protectorates.
By repeated atterpes toatone and through quests
and great deeds 9 cleanse the lands, the European
werewolves have wor back some ofthe spirits. In many
places, however, the spirits remain angry and obdurate
and Garou control of those areas is tentative at best.
To prevent more bloodshed between tribes claim:
Ingproteetorates, che Garouset up the Jindabyne Coun-
«al, 9 multitrital decision-making body to oversee and
coordinate Garou activities in Australia, Despite its
.gouls of protecting the physical and spiritual environ
ments ofthe country, the councit is fraught with rival-
‘ies, ealousies and attemp by some members tounder-
ini ty oratandingef other members. Suan
believe thar the counetl is on the verge of fracturing.

History of Mew Zealand

New Zealand's known history begins with the
arrival of the Maori (pronounced Maw-ee, not May.
ore), a Polynesian people who probably originated
on the Southeast Asian mainland. Traveling in mar-
velously designed open outrigger ships, the Maori

ne 10 new Zealand between 700 and 1100 CE,
bringing with them families, plants, seeds, and even
™ nd dogs. Needless to say, some Garou and a few
Rarkin came with them as well,

The first part of their new honneland chat they saw
were mountains wreathed in mist. Thus they named it
Antearon, "hand of the long white cloud." Their stories of
the land told dhat the great hero Maui fishestthe islands up
fromthe bottom of the ocean (not ch abad explanation
af the development of many islands from underwater
voleances). The northem island wascalled Te Tka.a Maui
cor Maui's fish, while hesouthem island became known as
Te Wake a Maui or Maui's canoe. Already fabulous boat
craters, the Maori became great carvers. decorating the
prove of ships and the wateposts of villages and pexbicing
tis, eri symbols outof greenstone (nephrite or jade).
Many Maori wercritualeannitals eatingthedeadnithe
vanquished in war. By 1600, however, the Maori had
tured from hunt and fishing to agriculture. Suill they
‘were m proud and ferocious peopl.

148

LL POTTS

In 1642 Abel Tasinan, searching for the fabled
southern continent cartographers and scientists theo:
rived mustexist, found New Zealand and made contact
with the Maori. They killed four of his crewmembers
and he sailed away after mapping part of the coast. The
Durch for whom he was working named the land
Nicuw-Zeeland after their own southwestern prov-
ince. In 1759 Captain James Cook anil his crew cir-
cumnavigated the islands. Eventually Cook estub-
lished good relations with the Maori. Soon Australian,
British, American and French whalers and seal hunt-
«rs built stations on the ishands coasts

Inthe 1830s Australian sheepranchers ought land
froin the Maori in New Zealand. Working class Europe-
ans flecing the Napoleonic Wars nd missionaries ims
migrated to New Zealand. British eitizens also began
colonizing ond Britain annexed the islands, making
New Zealand part of its New South Wales colany
(before makingitaseparate colony altogether). Though
the Maori resisted, ike the aborigines in Australia, they
Jost most of their best land to enormous sheep stations
(ranches). In 1851 a gold rush brought even more
people and trade to both Australia aud New Zealand.

Despite England's artempes to control settlement,
the South Island's hilly, open country proved perfect
forgracing sheep and icsoon boasted enormous exports
Cf wok, lamb nnd mutton. In the north, the dairy
industry thrived. Though srill considered sparsely
settled, the land began to feel too small to the Maori as
mote settlers arrived and pressured the
lands they wished to keep. In 1860, the
Aared into open war. Increasing numbers and support
for the settlers' claims proved too much for the Maori
and by 1872, the wan were over.

Partofand yetapar from the conflict were the Garou,
the Ratkin und the few Rokea whose shark Kinfolk hak
long remained hidden off the easter const of North
Ieland. The werewolves who arrived with the Magn were
i Strides and Seargazers, bucahandful of Children of
i, Borie Grntversand anna came later with English
and fish setvers, The Rakin, who usually confine their

ow tivities cy Mew Zewlhunl's barges claima bloodhine
reachiny back further than the island' settlement by the
Maori — and never lee the European Garou forget it
Once ound, the Rokes have fought losingbartle against
those who hunt their Kinfolk (and themselves) for foo
and for sport: Most hated are chose why) indulge in the
cruel practice of"topping"or fining Such fisherseatch
atshark, cut of its fin for use in shark's fin soup or other
delicacies and throw the shark hack into the water to
slowlybleed todeath orstarve (removingthefin interferes
with the shark's ability to swim),

A World of Rage


ne AA

Ratherthan formingacouncilandullocatingdiffer-
cent nteas of the ishinds to specific ribes, the Garou of
New Zealand have pinpatinted several points of interest
they all hokd in common. Septs guard certain lands,
especially unspoiled and unsettled wilderness, but the
leaders ofall the septs come together at Grand Mootsto
discussproblemsthurt face themall and ro.ssign trouble:
shooter pucksco areas where their skillsare most needed.
OF course, fights do break out — especially with the
Stnders, Stangazers and Children of Gaia generally
uniting to oppose the Fiannuvand the few other Europe
ans who have immigrated in mote recent years, most
ngtubly Black Furies, Glass Walkers and Silver Fangs
(the Bone Gnawers can he more frequently found near
Rarkin territory than with the other Garou). Such
disagreements are never quite as heated or filled with
personal animosity as these among Australia's
‘werewolves, hough. Pauluawa Ear-Torn has attributed
this to ch {septs across cibal lines and the
fact that New Zealand's spirits aren't angered by the
‘mete presence of European Garou, Though the country
moves toward ever more manufacturing, Garou influ
ence has helped it te maintain and set aside lands,
coastal areas, fjords and volcanic regions as'protected
parklands, Working in concert with the spirits, they
accomplish far more than the beset Garou of Australia
who must ever convince hostile spirits of their good
intentions. Nonetheless incursions from Wyzm-tainted
companies as well as attempts by Black Spiral Dancers
1 pollute and corrupt several sacred Maori sites keeps
New Zealarul's Garou more than busy.

Modern Times

Australiabecamean independent commonwealth
in 1901, while New Zealand became a dominion af the
Baitish Empire in 1907, Both lands' troops fought in
World War I as the "Anzncs" (Au: and New
Zealand Army Corps), with over 8,600 of them dying
at Gallipoli in Turkey. They alto fought in several
places in World War I, gaining a reputation asa rough
and ready crowd of determined fighters, After World
War fl, New Zealancd became a force speaking few
smaller powers in the United Nations.

Australia began a campaign to attract inimigrants
from Europe. Though they excluded their nearest
nncighbors at first by che 1980s almost « third of all
immigrants were Asian. Both countries plan for com-
plete independence from Britain by 2001 und each
courtsthe Asian countriesnearby, seckingeo link their
‘economies so both may profit. In many areas, people
have beyun to appreciate and respect the Aborigines.
Mosr native people now live in and around cities and
cowns, though some maintain some features of tribal

Chapter Five: Australia and the South Seas

as i 4

life — particularly those in the Nosthern Tenitories
and Western Australia

While the Maori people of New Zealand are more
integrated into daily lifein the ities (by 2015 approxi
mately 30 percencof New Zealand's population will be
of half-Maori descent), they still labor under misurt
derstandings, higher unemployment and difficulties
with the law. Further, they seek to reclaim Janis
belonging t them from the British government. This
land constitutes about one halfof New Zealand and its
offshore fisheries, making it less than likely this sute
will be settled in the near furure. Garow currently
wrestle with this alongside the Maori people in an
attempt to atone for atrocities committed theteas well.

Australia's Geography

Ithas been said that Gaia carved a piece from the
bortom of India and set it adrift xo that the corruption
infecting the mainland would nor take roor there. As
the land floated along, it splitagain, breaking into more
manageable pieces. One of the langest became Antare-
tica, Another became Australia and the smallest piece
New Zealand. The placement of each of the latter two
lands is cold in the Garou epic "Badfoot and Warning:
Howl's Race" which tells the tale wherein each of these
Ragabash stood on the land and paddled rheie way
eastward. Just as Badfoot (who was then known a
Swiftfoot) gained a significant lead a great Wyrm crea
ture rose from the bottom of the sea and bit off a big
chunkofhis land, raking his legalone with it The force
cof the bite was such that it cracked the remaining land
inthree pieces. Those islandsloter hcame New Zealand

Avetralia's advanced age shows in its landscapes
Ratherhuan kofty, snow-covered peakswith breath
‘Sorges its mountains are rounded and blunted or fold
and craggy, like an ancient, weathered face. Millions of
yearsofwearhave worn the mountainsdown, making this
continent the flatcest in thee world. Australi sind the
island of Tasmania constitute a single continent. Most of
{tis low, far, dry plateau with very little vegetation. It is
the In and in the world, being approximately the
se of the continental United States, and the only
continent comprised of a single country

Australia is large enough that it hus six different
climatic zones ranging from tropical in the northern
part to mild marine climate dominated by the ocean,
currents on the southeast coast, where mast Austra
lians live. The interiot, by far the langest area, ivarid or
semi-arid. The theve great natural regions of Australia
are the Great Western Plateau, the Great Dividing
Range (also called the Eastern Highlands) and the
Central Lowlands,

9

A


oe AA

Considered one of the most spectacular sights of
the natural world, the Great Barrier Reef, longest coral
formation in the world, graces Australia's northeast.
em coast. Now in terrible danger from oceanic perilas
well as pollutants nnd tourism, the Rect' over 600
sinall islands are home to the region's Rokea

The Great Western Plateau

ome thtee to six billion years old, much of he
interior ofthis region isdesert, Encompassing the Great
Sandy Desert, The Gibson Desert and the Victoria
Desert itulso contains the "gibher" plains, a vast barren
landeavered with pebbles and spiky bushes. Within the
plateau rise rock outcroppings, the best known of which
Ayers Rock, called Uhins by the abarigine tribes who
‘hold it sacred, Seenes from Aboriginal (and Bunyip)
legends grace the wallsof the rock's caves, painted there
thousinds of years ago. Part of the plateau receives
enough rain for farmersand ranchers to work the land or
tse i for gracing. As with the rest of the continent, the
plateau is divided into several protectorates.

The Central Lowlands

The central lowlands contain some of Australia's
finest pastureland. Itcontains within it the Great Atte:
sian Basin, almost 700,000 square miles where deep
underground water is found. The basin catches water
from the rivers that pun inland from the east Lake Eyre
in the southern part of the lowlands isa deep depression
filled only with salty dried mud and dinosaur fossil
South of che loke les the rugged, yee beautiful Flinders
Range, whose rocks are a billion years old.

The Eastern Highlands

Consisting of plateaus, hills and low mountains,
thie eastern highlands sre commonly known ay the
Great Dividing Range. To its east lie Australia's great
cities and main population areas — Sydney, Brisbane
and Melboume. It serves as the continent's main
watershed, with long, inland rivers snaking sluggishly
across the inrerior, while short, swift rivers flow to the

1 youth and the coast. The range mcludes the
Blue Mountains west of Sydney and the Australian
Alps near Melbourne

‘The island of Tasmania, separated from the main-
land by Bass Strait, though counted a separate state, is
actually an extension of the Australian Alps, with a
mountainous interior whose many streams and rivers
ane hamessed to generate electricity.

Flora and Fauna

‘Auntralin's isolation over millions of yearsallowed
species that became entinet elsewhere to live and

150

<r cmmerraaiama

flourish without competition. Nearly half its native
mammals are marsuprals, such as the now-extinet
thylacine, Thylacines, chough called tigers because of
theirstripes, actually bred with anid were Kinfolk ofthe
Banyip. This remarkable feat was made possible by a
rite allegedly given tathe Bunyip by the Mokolé, rite
that allows a shifter to change his breed form — for
instance, from wolf to thylacine. Forry types of kang
100, the koala, the echidna and the duck-hilled play
pus are some of the best known unique animals of the
continent. Others include the emu, the black swan
and the lyrebird. Not so long ago, there was great
concem that lumber production might decimate the
eucalyptus trees upon whose leaves the koala exclu-
sively feed. In mare re an aggressive palley
of reforestation has helped lessen thar concer — a
victory for conservation. Many Australians now ree~
ognize their unique species and have made moves to
protect them, yer many remain endangered,
Ofcourse; therearealso plenty ofnon-mursupialsin
Australia, many of which are Kin to shapeshifters. The
saltwater crocs of the northem swamplands are the
breeding stock of the Gumagan, the Australian Mokole.
‘Some werewolves have been able to successfully breed
with dingoes, although the odds are very poor (and, in
the case of even partly domesticated dingoes, impos
sible). Poisonous snakes abound in. Australia, which
hints at a possible Nagah presence. And, of course, the
imported rats make life easiee for Austria's Ratkin

Current Jssues

Though there are mote issues andl happenings
among the shapechungers of Australia, the following
are of most immediate concern:

The Barrier Reef

Despite the Garuu foctis on land issues, che most
critically endangered ecosystem in Australia 1s the
Great Barrier Reef. {ts fragile coral is home to more

than 1000 species of fish, manta rays, moray eels,
lobsters. sharks, srarfich, so sie

rine life. It provides breeding grounds for humpback
whales as well as green and loggerhead turtles. Be
sides mangling from divers, boating accidents and the
runoff of pollutants the reef iscurrently under attack
frommullionsofcrown-of-thornsstarfish, which chanp
onto the coral and spit digestive juice out to eat the
polyps, leaving large expanses of the coral bleached
and dead. While debate hus caged over how wo rid the
reef of the starfish (which is notoriously hard to kill
as it regenerates from small pieces), the Rokea have
become increasingly hostile. More of their habitat
dies cach day and thei Kinfolk with it. Chakara

A World of Rage

gy


‘Teeth-in-the-Enemy, an implacable wereshatk of
hot temper and bold courage has taken the unprec
edented step of seeking our Garou who might be

sympathetic tw her people und their plight. Because
Cairnsis one of the most used points from which day
‘nips tothe Great Barrier Reef are made, she currently
secks help there. Soon, however, she may attempe to
contact the Red Talons af the Cape York Protector-
, She has also heard rumor that a Mokolé may be
found somewhere in the swamps of the
wonders if she might make common cause

The Ghost Cribe and the
Rainbow Serpent

‘Though the thytacines are forever gone fron
tralia, their spirits continue to roam the Penumbs
‘And rauch to the dismay of the immigrant werewolve
30 too do the spirits of the Bunyip.

The ghost Bunyip are creatures of spirit alone,
able to manifest in the real world only by means of
the Materialtze Charm, They ate solitary beasts,
given to roaming the most lonely and desolate teaches
of the spirit world. Theit coughing cries ate able to
induce Harano in those who listen, and chey ate
experts at navigating moon paths, It's saéd thar they
feed on the death-eneegiee af the Dark Umbra, and are
thusubletopersist, Whatever maintains them, though,
it's clear that they are driven by a desire for revenge
The Council is continually beset by tales of ghost
Bunyip attacking living werewolves, or driving chem
mad as they wander the Penumbra

Many Australian Garou have thrown themselves
into finding a way co set the angey spirits at rest. So
far, the most promising sign has been the rescue and
purification of Ngalyod the Rainbow Serpent, the

totem of the lost Bunyip. This rescue caine at the
height ofan extended battle wi Dane
ers, during which the lives of anand

otherwise, were lost. The sactifices made have
strengthened Ngalyod somewhat, and the Rainbow
Servent has begun some sort of lourney across the
Dreamtime to see what has happened to its land ad
people. Reports of ghost Bunyip atcacks continue to
filterin, but Australia's Garou wait with kaed breath
to see if Ngalyod will be able co bring healing and
peace to the lost spirirs. OF course, the Rainbow
Serpent is still much weaker than it should be, and
there's the dire possibility that the Dancers might
take advontage of ite wounds to otrike Cur
rently, the Council isin the process of drafting packs
1 go out into the Penumbra, find Ngalyod in the
course of its travels, and ensute its safety


ne AA"

The Question of Mamu

Recently, Mam, leaderofthe Pilbara Protectorate's
Red Talons und their representative co the Jindabyne
Council by ight of canguest found himself dered
by the spirit of Wolf himself, the Progenitor, for at-
tempting to lead a genocidal assault on the Gun
ctocadile-shiltess. When his puck vejected his ieee

ship in oder co pursue a potential peace, Maru, con-

fused and angry, wandered away from the Gumagan
lands and Pilbara Protectorate alike. He hasn't been
seensince,; ‘his Iteurenant Rage-In-The-Streets has
ed the role of Pilara sept lead.

Now rumors are starting to filter in that Maru hiss
defected to the Black Spiral Dancers. The most recur-
rent tale speaks of a massive black hound thut- has
attacked! wayward Garou, defeating them without kill
ing them and dragging them away. In particular, this
monster seetns to he attacking Red Talons, for already
five! the remaining 44 Talons in Australia have gone
mnussing. Rage-In-The-Streets fears that Mamu may be
tuking prisoners for forcible conversion, although she
remains hope hor the rumors are falke, and that
Main has retained the strength to throw off the
Wyrm's blandishments.

Whatever its actual identity, something now
the fringes of the Pilbara Plutextgeave. Hamar living in
the region have been attacked and killed, their compses
half-eaten, Theirhomneshavebeen tansackedand wrecked,
their livestock driven off or killed and loft to noe. Strange
rumorspersstofminesthat the Red Talons tave notbeen
able to close down emitting terrible sounds from deep
within their twisting shafts Fe surprises no oe that the
whispers originate with the Uktena. If anyone would
recognize Wyrm-taine, they should.

Other voices claim thar Mame did in fact murder
some Mokolé, but don't claim to know the reason or
whether Wolf has indeed repudiated che Red Talon
lender. They call for Manu to come to the council to
explain his actions. These voices sugiest that Mami ts
consulting with the other Red Talons to decide what his

onshoild he and whether he-can sill lad

on the council. Lass naive council mem-

terssneer a thisintegpretation, reminding everyone that
thinking and contemplation aren't Mann's strong. sit

The other Red Talon leadershave not approached
the council nor have they answered messengers sentto
themaskingwhatishappening with Mamuand whether

he stil speaks for them; Rage-In-The Streets doesn't
want t0 spread any more dishonor than m might

deserve. This may change if Chakara succeeds in
finding Marindi, lender of the Cape York Red Talone,
and permides him ta help her. Marindt is not above

mor rental

seizing on Chakara's troubles as an excuse to show
‘himself in a good light to the council und cutting out
hus rivals without having co best them in battle.

Meanwhile, as che council stirsand stews inagita
tion and indecision, Mamu might be corrupting the
western reaches of the country — or he might noc
Those Garou who have felt hamstrung by the council's
lengthy deliberations in the past nre seriously consid
ering declaring the whole council incompetent andl
mounting their own expedition to find the truth. And
some werewolves, sick of the whole mess with the
council, hostile spirits and che guile of being in a land
whose guardians theit forebears murdered, have begun
to tum jealous and acquisitive eyes toward thett more
peaceful neighbor New Zealand

Return of the Bunyip?

‘One council member has paid little attention to
the uproar concemitig Mamu, Cemonous, Child of
Gaia Theurge and renowned geneticist has finally
achieved his dream only to find himself enmeshed in
nightmare, Following what he believed wo be Gaia's
wishes, Cerinous has worked unsintingly to find
some sign of the survival of the thylacine, Sneaking
into the unexplored wilderness of Tasmania's south
‘west region, he combed ravine and forest looking for
some sign of theiesurvival. Despitesomeevidence that
they might still exist, he could nor get near any of
them; in fact, he never even sported any fleeing,
Because the thylacine-had once heen Kinfall-heeeding.
with the Bunyip, Cemonous hoped that he might find
some traces of the Bunyip bloodline in them, If he
could, he would then use seience ro clone them from
DNA taken from the thylacine. Giving up after his
fruitless search, he returned home.

Two days later, w special exhibie came to a
nearby museum. Supposedly it was the bones and
partially preserved skin of a thylacine recently dis-
covered an Tasmania, Seeing hischance, Cemonous
didn't hesitate. He broke in that night and stole
some of the bones and skin. Back in his lab, he
feverishly sought for thie precious DNA, using spitit-
fetishes to detect what science couldn't see. He
discovered something... nat thylacine.

Hardly daring to breathe, he processed enough to
createtwelve clones, ten femalesand two males, Over the
nextmonthshe watched asthey took shape and grew. He
watched them as they developed, making certain they
received the proper nourishment und petitioning the
spirits for information about the Bunyip. They remained
strangely silent, He paid no artention to thatexcept asan
‘mnoyance and u hindrance to his great work. He even
provided special pouches for them to pend the lnse

152 A World of Rage

pinta


ee AA

monthsofdevelopmentin,tomakeitmorelike whar they
would have experienced in the wil

Then they emerged. Smaller than he thought they
would be, the newborn cubs were. light brown striped
with adarker sable color. Even so, all the cubs smelled
like werewolves, even if their scent wasa bit. off. He
Fhastaughe them the Garou tongue, which they quickly
mastered, ae well as Engli ind the Aboriginal words
he knows, Rather than waiting until adolescence m
begin their Furst Change, they began doing so within
two months after they were born. They also seemed
saliuwootinaneediately co for into ayrac wih the kargest
of the females leading them.

(Cemonous is beginning to worry, however. He has
not confided his great triumph toanyone, yet he wants
to bring the "children" before the council and get them
integrated into-chosen packssotheycan leam how tobe
Garowanidacceptthe othersus theirsistersand brothers
as fully as cheie "littermates," Yet, his Bunyip clones
seem inordinately aggressive, far more brutal in some
ways than is needed when they make a kill, They seem
toenjoy the hunt and the meat, bucareeven more taken
with the terror und pain ofthe killing itself, Thev have
become secretive when he's around and gather in a
group to whisper in voices too low for hit tw hear

He desperately wants to let others know about his
"children" and in trying to find a time to introduce them
when they won'tbe overshadowed by leser eoocerrstha
ae given too much attention. Meanwhile, they keep
growing... and growing, Their tempers become les cet-
(stand fhe weren't too proud of having prodkiced them
he'd surely notice the madness in their eyes...

New Zealand

Incontrast with Australia'slanckespe, New Zealand's
island are largely mountainous. Somewhat larger chart
the United Kingdom in size, the islands all boast dfferenc
beginnings. Nort Island formed through woleanic active
ity while three quarersof New Zealand harborssedimen-
tary rock some 500 million years old. New Zealand's
climate, much like that of southeastem Australia is mild,
wath few days of subfreszing or temperatures above 90
degrees Fahrenheit per year. New Zealand harbors large
sceasof gain land andtogetherwith Australithuasmore
sheep than any other two nations worldwide, The coun:
try consists of three main ishinds North Island, South
Island and Stewart Island —and severalsmaller ones, not
all of which ate inbuabite.

The South Island

New Zealanders efer to South Istand as the Main
land, lasthe largestand mostvaried of the main three.
Dominated by the Southern Alpe, a massive mountain

Chapter Five: Australia and the South Seas

aay a

chain running down its west coast, South Island has
magnificent alpine views with sowfields, lovely gla-
al lakes and glaciers thar flex downward through rain
forests almost to sea level. Mount Cook, the country's
highest mountain is located in one of New Zealand's
seven national parks. The Maori call this mountain
Aorangi ot "cloud piercer

Below the Alps deep fords inde
ern cos

the southwest
making the area reminiscent of Nocway
Also made into parkland, some of the flordland re
mains unexplored by humans, Garou maintain a sept
there on one of the mountains rising seraight our of che
sea, Sutherland Falls, the fourth highest waterfall in
a From the Alps' foothills to
the east coast is the region known as the Canerbuty
‘sthird largest city,

és set in the Canterbury Plaine,

Stewart Island

Foveaux Strait separates South Island from the

(600 square mile Stewart island. Known to the Maori as
the Isle of the Glowing Sky, Stewart Island has fewer
than 600 inhabitants. Ir remains pea
spot whote beaches and forests provide refuge for
wildlife. The Garou usually keep an observer of two
posted there, butrorate the duty, as there is litle need
for their intervention most of che time,

The North Island

Dramatic geography is part and parcel of North
Island. Slicing, across the center of the ssland is a
complex, active volcanic region. Tongaritw National
Park includes Mounts Tongariro, Ruapehu and
Neauruhoe, three active peaks. To the west lies Mount
Egmont, over 8000 tt, extinet for 250 yes nd often,
compared 0 Japan's Mount Fujiyama, To the north
the Waitomo Caves, enormous limestone grottoes, ane
filled with sralactites and stalagmites lit by thousands
of small glowworms, while further north liesa region of

, boiling mud pools and spouting steam. Lake
Taupo, New Zealand's largest, is located almost in the
of the island. The east ccot
resorts that offer deep sea fishing for t
andl shark — which doesn't endear it to the
Rokea there. Wellington, New Zealand! capital nd
second-largest city and Auckland, the largest — and
still fastest growing — city lie on the southern and
northern tips of North Island, respectively

Flora and Fauna

Like Australia, which lies some 1200 miles away,
harbors several unique species. Best
known among these is the kiwi. This flightless, lor

153


a AA

billed bind is New Zealand's' unofficial national bird
Keas, large green parrots, are another recognized
"Zealander. Among the plants native to the country,
the giant kauri has almost been wiped out, surviving in
onlyasmall area. The pohutukawa has brilliant scarlet
flowers and issacred to the Maori andl the rata twines
around other plants for support while it graces them
with fragnmt, brightly colored blossoms

Current Jssues

ually get along well, Terroa
albino Stargazer, and Ferlenya
an enterprising Black Fury,are almost at
ach other's throats, for each seeks the honor of
establishing a new sept in New Zealand. Bath argue
for that sept to be on Stewart Island, pointing out
thot it's a prime rurget for exploitation that would
tui its pristine wilderness areas and that recently a
marvelous place foracaern hasbeen found. Neither
will surrender her pride of plice to the other and
cach is lining up supporters among the other Garou
to further hee cause. Unknown to either is thar
‘Guonar Strikes First, ant Austealian Get of Feria,
has been moving throughout the islands drumming
up support foran extended contest between the two
toce who is better suited to lead. He has convinced
cach sept that tcshould devise a trial or deed to test
cach candidate, thereby bringing them all into the
choosing process. Gunnar himself doesn't think
cither of the females isfit for the role of Sept lender.
He just wants to delay either of them from making

n on the area where the caern is to be. While
the New Zealanders posture and bicker, he plans to
move others of his tribe who are tired of Carla
Grimmson's leadership here to establish their own
Sept, Once they are in place, just let the others try
to take it back!

The South Seas:
Indonesia

The South Seas are the domain of the Rokea.
‘Though a smattering of Gaia's other children live in the
region, here the weresharks are the most numerous of
the Changing Breeds. They make their homes in and

‘ound the various islands of the South Seas: Though
Rokea most often choose laitsnear uninhabited islinds,
many can be found walking the streets of great cities
such os Jakarea: le lndonesia, the Khan's main concemes

he forests of che islands while the few Garou hope
toprevent any more damage than huts ready occurred
The Rokea fight to save the entire ecosystem of the

Le

world's third largest coral reef — much like their Aus:
tralian cousins do with the Great Barrier Reef,

History

Indonesia is the largest and arguably most impor-
tant country in Southeast Asia, Though Westerners
tend co dismiss the island archipelago, chinking of it as
‘mall and distant, it has the fourth largest population
in the world (it was fifth when the Soviet Union was
still extanc). Indonesia's history stretches buck over
4000 vears from the time when people called Indone-
sians crossed from the Asian mainland from southwest
China, Coastal Malay followed, as did trade with
‘China at least as far back as 100 BCE.

Even earlier, trade with India had led to settles
‘andl by the seventh ind eighth cennuties CE Suman
and Java bad become kingdoms with a Hindu-Indone
sian hybrid culture that lasted even beyond the coming
cof Islam. While che Indians brought Hinduism, Chi
nese traders imported Budidhisin, During the eighth
and ninth centuries, Indonesian architecture flow-
cred, eapecially. in the building of rongnificent: Bud-
hist shrines and temples. Nevertheless, throughout
its history Indonesia has always combined one religion
with another, with old beliefs coloring new ones and
new ones lending vibrancy to old.

A yeu of two before Kublai Khan planned an
invasion of Java, Marco Polo visited the islands and
‘noted that the people in ceaports, especially the Strait
of Malacca. were converting to Islam — brought to
them by Saracen merchant traders. Along with the
traders traveled a Silent Strider culled Abdul Sees-the
Night-Clearly, He was the first known Garou on the
islands and visited as rnuny ulandsas he could, ceoking
places for others of his kind to establish Kinfolk popu-
lations, Ir is said that Abdul uncovered the seeret lair
ofa Wyrm-creature bent on conquering and enslaving
the people and animals of the islands and slew it by
grasping the foul thing and dragging it with him into
one of the active volcanoes chat dot the islands.

Though Kublai Khan originally intended to pun-
sshanupaart king hittoops insted epsom the
claimants to the throne establish the powerful
Majapahit Empire. Some say this wasa favor he paid to
anacive of che ishinds, a great Khan warrior known 2s
‘Soft-Walker who had once saved his life.

Known as the Spice Istands, Indonesia produced
pepper, cloves, nutmeg, rare hetbs, scented woods:
exotic oils. The tiches to be gained from asi
voyage were such that Buropeans tumed coverous
toward conquest of the prized islands. First
Portuguese. Their mistakes included an unreasoning

A World of Rage

TT,


ee SA,

hatred of Muslims and conrempt for the native people.
Though both Britain and Holland made their presence
in che islands knawn, the Dutch were given an unex-
pected boost when the British defeated the Spanish
Armada, Without Spanish ships preying on them the
Dutch established a lasting trade empire in the Spice
Inlands. A few adventurous Fianna and Get of Fentis
sailed with the Europeans.

‘When the Dutch arrived, the Indonesians thought
‘of them as allies against the Poreuguese, Soon enough,
they discovered that the Dutch were as bad, if not
wore, musters. After scrambling with the British for
control, Holland maintained control in Indonesia for
over two centuries. They introduced the concept of
large plantations devoted to producing one crop, pro-
ducing coffee, pale oil, chinchona (wed for malking
quinine) and tuber. The stary of Dutch rule in Indo:
nsia & one of brutality and negligence. Their own
refomersnoced that the Dutch used "forceful paifica-
tion" to acquire new territaries, broke treaties, helped
promote the trade in opium, encouraged slavery and
brutality againse the Indonesian people and neglected
the education of there people who wete supposed to be
Holland's wards. The werewolves soon became dis-
usted with Dutch brutality and policies of stripping
the land of its native plants to force-grow cash crops for
European exploitation.

Though the indonesians — aided by an. ovtniged
Kian and the three Garou who had come to Indonesia
with the Europeans — staged small, scattered rebellions,
the Dutch were not displaced until the Japanese invaded
in 1942 during World War. Whilcthe Japanese insisted
that they supported Indonesian independence, they ac-
‘ually wanted to claim the islands for themselves. The
(Communists tried to gain a foothold and maneuver the
Indonesians into declaring independence under theit
protection. The Indonesians fooled both sides by declar-
ing independence themselves in 1945

A Dutch military action to retake Indonesia and
an attempred Communist takeover both failed. Dedi-
cated leaders: and the will of the people have led

Indomesin out of terrible economic straits and assured
their continued independence. They have reclaimed

Jost lands and made themselvesone of the most impor:
tant countries in Southeast Asia. Though over 200
indigenous languages are spoken throughout the coun-

vit isunified by its official language Bahasa Indone-

sand acted as a catalyst for the revolution in 1945, It,
along with the new republic' Five Principles, have
helped the Indonesian people persevere. Those prin-
ciples are: Belief in God, Nationalism, Humanitarian:
ism, Democracy and Social Justice.

Chapter Five: Australia and the South Seas

a

Geography

‘Consisting of over 13,600 islands, of which, 6000
are inhabited, Indonesia rests along the equaror and

sand Pacific Ciceans sind the
South China Sea. The islands make a natural barrier
between the Pacific Ocean and the Indian Oc
forming straits that are strategically important as well
as making the islands centers for trade. Though many
islands are tiny, Kalimantan (once called Borneo) is
the thind largest island on earth.

Indonesia's closest neighhors are Malaysia.
‘Singapore and the Philippines to the north and north
eastand Australia to the southeast, The myriad islands
aremosteasily categorized in four groups. The Western
Lalands consist of Sumatra, Java and Kalimantan. The
Lesser Sunda Islands stretch from Java toward Ausera
lia, Irian Jaya is the western part of the island of New
Guinea. The Eastem Islands, consisting of Sulawesi
and the Maluku group, found spread out over a thu
sand miles of ocean between Australia and the Philip
pines, make up the rest of Indonesia's island chain,

Often called the most beautiful and fruitfal land i
the world, Indonesia's landscape revels in the dr
—active volcanoes, cindeted cones rom extine'
dense green jungles, fertile plainsandteemingswamps
Bamboo, papaya, coconut and banana trees share
space with rice paddies and terraces, teak, sugarcan
rubber teesand palms, Overall, the islands show a ri
of green accented with brilliant flowers and leaves.
Here are found wild orchids and busy, Tins anal
flowers as tall asa man,

The land supports an amazing artay of
— monkeys, thirty-foot long pythons, crocodiles, ti:
gets, rhinos, a few clephs wid a myriod of small
animals and brilliantly feathered birds, including the
fabulous bird of paradise.

Bali and the Lesser Sundas

touches upon the Indi

I life

Part of the Lesser Sunda chain, Bali is considered
paradise by some. Balinese architecture, dance and
costuming are world famous. It is the only part of
Indonesia that still follows Hinduism. The other is
Flores,

lands in the chain, Lombok, Sumb
Timorandaslew of smaller islands,
and hest about 8.5 million people.

Sumatra

This thousand-maile ong. island fe
along its weeter side, 1¢ hore while in the east the
land slopes downward ending insavannaand manhland
In the south are locared great plantations with rubber,
saugarand other commercial crops. The islandisoneat the

185

iy /,


|

eA

tniajor oil and natural gas prodkicers in Indonesia Apy
proximately 30 million people live on Sumatra

Java

One ofthe nt hand dro populated laces
f
Indonesia' five Largest cities. Rice terraces and planta
of coffee, rubber, twa and sugar dot the land while
st chuin of voleanie mountains runs the length of the
islanal, Jakarta, the capital, is located on Java. With 6,5
‘million people living in Jakarta, ie ranks as one of the
langeat « the world. Its mix of cultures gives ita
cosmopolitan aur, while its trade in traditional Indone-
mt crafts, such as batik cloc und carved teak wood
items keeps it firmly a parr of its awn culture. Notably,
a single European Bone Gnawer lives im the slums
suurrounuling Jokaera with her Kinfoll husband, afakartan
hisyoung Rayakash, ruimesd Teresa Locsejaw,
iwooften the first contact for visiting Western Garou.

Kalimantan

‘This isthe Indonesian side of the island that used
tobe called Borneo, Forested and hilly, Kalimantan is
armajorexporter of timber. Oil and rubber alse provide
export goods; while there is farmland in the: west
There are few cities on Kalimantan and fewer than
ianslivingthere Ofthose, many
are Dayaks who have their own language and live by
hhunting, fishing and nomadic farming.

Sulawesi and Maluku

‘Once thought by tmders to be several sinall is:
ands, Sulawest is instead a single mass with oddly
shaped arms that thrust our in several directions
nimals and plants found on Sulawes\ include vatiet-
icsfound nowhere else in the world. Gidra Sulanange,
known to her tribe (the Stargacers) as Rain-callet,
liveson Sulawesi and tries to prevent the exploitation
and extinction of these rate flora and fauna, Once
famous for the smuggling and outright piracy that
occurred here, the main city of Ujung Pandang now
sctves ak a center for communications and trade be-
tween East and West and for education. Maluku,
formerly known as the Moluccas, the quintessential

ice Islands, produces the fabulous spices that caused
rading rush nocunlike the exeitement thatovertook
California during the gold rush. Atonetime,they were
the mowt important trading center in the world.

Irian Jaya

Easternmost of the islands, Irian Jaya consists of
the western half of New Guinea. The eastern part of
the island i Papua New Guinea, formerly held by


A ft

Australia; Though the area has'a rich culture, some
parts of this region remain unexplored. Some tribes
living here still subsist through primitive agriculture,
hunting and fishing, living only slightly more ad:
vanced lives than their Stone Age precursors. Among
them livea Fianna anda Child of Gaia hoping to buikd
anew Kinfolk base and to import a few wolves to see
if they can adapt to the equatorial canditions here.

Shapeshifters in Indonesia

Though Garou helped instigare independence
movemencs and fought guerrilla actions to oust various
‘oppressors, they are roo few in numbers tohave a major
effect on Indonesia's continuing government and de-
velopment. They decry che country's oil and natural pas
industries despite theit positive effects in providing
much needed cash for the country. So far, they have
fought holding battle against Pentex and its subsidiae-
ies, which have tried time und agin to insinuate them
selves into Indonesian busineses. The lone Khan who
lives on Irian Jaya fights to keep the rain forests from
being destroyed and has attempted (so far unsuccess-
fully) toforma breeding relationship with one ofthe few
native tigers left in Indonesia, Both the Garou and the
few remaining Khan support Indonesia's continuing
efforts at conservation; conversely, the many Ratkin
scattered nerow the islands continuc to do their best to
"manage" the humun population. A few Gumagan
feequenctheswampson isolated istands, and one wallow
isnorable asa place where Mokolé from all four streams
commonly meet co exchange tales and memories. The
Rokea, the most numerous changers in Indonesia, did
notpay enough attention tthe build-up of industry and
housing on the various ishinds believing. their sens
weren't threatened. Too late, they have discovered that
the all-imparune coral refi were bleaching and dying.

Conservation

The Garowand other shapeshifvers living in Indo-
nesia have found that they have greatly benefited from
the people's own love of nature and conservationist

ge Ingerwral, hee

regarding the preservation of their fare plants and
animals, In the seventh century, a king declared cer-
tain landsoff limits to show his Hindu reverence forall
life, especially shat of the lush island of Sumatra. Other
kings through the ages ser aside protected lands where
one-horned Javan rhinos, tigers and other rare ctea-
tutes could freely roam. Even under European rule,
soine Landy wexetuade ini nature veserves-In 1928 the
country's first national park was founded.

Nevertheless, saving lands and species became of
or importance toa people battling for their freed

lat mntey hashadla goad eecreed

Chapter Five: Australia and the South Seas

na

trom colonial powers, then trying to dig
economic disaster. [n the quest for stability after inde
pendence, sacred mountains were mind andi rainforests
plowed tocreate more farmland. Land around ports also
suffered through industrialzation, while the seas soured!
under pollution and warming from factories. A radically
growing population also added strain to lands pushed to
the limit to sustain them,

In the 1970s conservation efforts again came to
the fore. Of its first five national parks, each protects
an irreplaceable species. Ujung Kulon in West Java
hosts the last Javan hinos, while Lorents in Irian Jaya
has the only glacial area in Southeast Asia. Eas
has Baluram,a savannawhere the banteng live. Gunung
Leuser, located in northern Sumatra is home to the
Sumatran thin, otariguuane and the exteewely nave
‘afflsia flower. Finally, the island of Komexdo is world
famnousasthe lust refuge of the Komodo dragon. While
tourists wishing to visit these parks bring wealth to
Indonesta, some are off-limits to visitors due to the
fragility of the ecosystem anid the rarity ofthe species
found there. Both the Garou and the Khan support this
even. against other conservationists who argue that
mote access will reap more money and allow the
country ta dedicate more space to protected lands

‘The sume carehasnot been taken with Indonesia's
coral reefs. Like the Great Barrier Reef of Australia
the archipelugo's reefs suffer from industrial polly
tion, which clouds the water, killing the coral reefs
that provide shelter for the sea life all around thera
Farther, excess heat from industry dumped into the
‘waters to cool is changing temperatures in the sas.
Both these factors bleach, then kill coral, leaving
those fish, plants and animals that depend on them
for shelter with nowhere ta live, procreate and cat
"Those fish that serve 9s ood for the larger species are
being taken at an alarming rate hy commercial fish
ers, Some fishers even use poison and dy
assure themselves of a large enough catch. E
smaller species are netted and taken to Japan ancl
other Astan countries for use as human foxxd. With»

ut that food source, the sharks that frequent the
tropteal waters die — and those sharks are Kin 0 th

Rokea. The weresharks care very litte for presery
Indonesia's land. They want something done to stop
the destruction of the coral reefs. A few have tried to
reason with Indonesian officials, and at least one.
Lone Tooth, has urged his kin to meet with and try t
coordinate with the Garou. Thus far, the other Rokea
have proven to be reluctant to involve the wolves
The most radical, such as Uga Longfang, argue for
more biting methods of encouraging official support
forreef protection and ifnno progressis made soon, she
may persuade the others to adopt hee poine of view.

157

we trom under

ite tc
n the

TY,


|

a AA
Antarctica

The land retains an identity of its oun, still deeper and
suibiler than we can know.

Barry Lopes, Arctic Dreams

Geography

As large as Europe and the United States put
together, the continent of Antarctica, the coldest,
highest, windiest and most icy place on earth, lies at
the southernmost tip of the globe. Gondwana, once
‘a supercontinent, broke apart sometime in the late
Jurassic perio. It split apart in several stages, one of
which loosed India, Australia and Antarctica from
Ease Africa. Australasia and Antarctica then cepa
rated, with the latter drifting into chill waters and
temperatures, eventually taking up its position at the
pole and losing its forests to the frigid climate, Now
separated from the other continents by a changing,
floating sea.of pack ice and the ever-stormy Southern
Ocean, Antarctica rests 600 miles from South
America, 1350 miles from Australia and 2500 miles
from che tip of Africa. The continent is divided into
nwo regions, Lesser Antarctica, a peninsula and trail-
‘ny arm that stretches toward South: America, and
Greater Antarctic, where an enormous ice shee
rises steeply from the ocean and flattens into a pla-
teausomerwoandahalfmilesabavesealevel. Acthe
dividing line between the two rise the Transantarctic
Mountains, oneof the world's great mountain chains,
stretching over 3000 miles. In many places, che ra
disappears, submerged beneath che ice except for
high peaks appearing as isolated mountains ina sea o
white, Unlike Greater Antarctica which forms a
solid block, Lesser Antarctica consists of three frag-
ments held together and to the Greater portion by
the mass of ice thar overlays it. The ice taises
Anrarctica's average height to well above sea level,
higher than any other continent's average height.
However, the weight of all the ice also depresses the
rocky surface to well below sea level. So heavy is the
ioe thot ic deforms Barch's shape, enaking our world
pear shaped as it flattens at the pole. Ifthe ice were
removed, the land it holds below sea level would rise
ubove the surrounding water, Glacial movements
stillshape the continent, which contains still-active
volcanoes as well
‘Winals may blow up to 200 miles per hour, causing
whitcouts when blowing snow makes land and sky
imponsibe to tell apart. Though little snow falls in this
frozen land, temperatures that can drop to more than
100° Fahrenheit causes smow to tum to ice. In some

158

a

places, ice and snow reach more than ewo tiles deep.

Mountains, steep valleys and glaciers make travel
difficult at best. At midwinter the sun never rises,
making the continent dark twenty-four hours a day,
while at midsummer, the sun never sets.

Touched by the Adannic, Pacific and Indian
Oceans Antarctica is nevertheless surrounded by ice,
Sale warer and ocean currents usually keep seas from
freezing, but Antarctic air and water are so cold that in.
‘winter the ice often covers an area almost as extensive
a the continent itself, In warmer weather, chunks of
ice breale off and float as icebergs throughout the
region. [n such climes, almost no plants grow and few
animals exist. The land has no trees or shrubs, and few
animals can live in its frigid climes.

The Inhabitants

The blue whale, the largese mammal on earth,
frequents Antarctic waters and feeds on three tons
of krill per day. Humpback, bortle-nosed, finback
and sperm whales also hunt the Antarctic with its
plentiful food. Whales used co be more plentiful
here until whale hunters killed most of them, bring-
ing some species near extinction. Later, hunters also
sought and killed millions of penguins and seals for
their fac. When che hunting eventually stopped,
seals and penguins returned. hut the whales have
become a rare sight,

James Ross, Crabeater and Weddell seals are all
found here, as are fierce leopard seals that eat Krill,
penguins and other scaly and have heen known tc
attack explorers. Elephant seals and Antarctic furscals
were almost wiped out hy hunters in the 1800s yer
smaincain a fragile existence here.

Antarctica plays host to several types of birds as
well. Skua, lange brown gulls, eat the eggs of other bitds
(and have a reputation for eating almost anything),
while petrels, small robin-sized seabirds nest among
rocks and skim the ocean, Several types of albarross
call the Antarctic home, while the Arctic tern rises
its young in the Arctic, then flies more than 10,000
imilesto live in Antarctica. The bestknown bindsofthe
region are penguins, whose flipper like wings and
tuxedo coloring give them their charm. Though pen:
guinseannot fly, heyare champion swimmersand can
swim underwater for up to half an hour wea time before
surfacing for air. The Adelie, chinstrap, a
penguins are best known.

The Known History

‘Unlike the Arctic, where Eskimo tribes sectled
thousands of years ago, no people have ever settled

A World of Rage

LY CY


ne AA

Atnurecii No cities exise there and no country
owns t, the result of a treaty that keepsany country
from claiming the continent. Most visitors to the
region are scientists

In 1772 Captoin James Cook sailed from England
searching for a southern continent. His ship was not
serong enough to break through the ice and 150 miles
from Antarctica he was forced to turn back. In the
1500s, English and Americans sailed in the seas near
Antarctica to hunt seals and whales, but failed to find
the continent itself. In 1838 Lieutenant Charles Wilkes
of the U. S. Navy: sailed. along 1500 miles of the
Antarctica's coast, proving the continene's existence.
In 1895 the Antarctic, Norwegian whaling ship made
the first landing on the icy shores; and in 1911 a race to
see who would be first to rvach the south pole begun.
Norway's Amundsen reached the pole fist, followed
four months later by Englishman Robert Scott. Scott's
expedition ran out of food and froze to death, but
exploration continued. One of the best known explor-
ers was Richard Byrd, who led his first expedition i
1928. He led four more before his death in 1957,

Dunng the 1950s many countries constructed
builtings for their scientists and military personnel.
Squabbles over eights ensued until a peace treaty was
signed giving al che interested parties certain rights to
the land (or forbidding them from actually claiming
the land as their own—the wording isambiguous). As
a result, no wary have been fought in Antarctica, and
efforts have been made to minimize the effect of those
whocome there. The lind seems remarkably unspoiled
asa result. Nonetheless, efforrsmay have come too late
and be too litle

Exploitation and Dangers

Even before Robert Scott's ill-fated expedition,
mercial whalers and seal hunters were exploiting
the region's inhabitants. This only ceased when one
species after another was annihilated, making it un-
economical to continue the effort. Today, the fish,
especially krill, upon which whales seals, and other
fish depend for food, may fall to man's greed as well. It
ssalfeady being marketed as food for humans in Japan
and other places and more will assuredly be harvested
in the future. Seabirds of all sorts, seals and whales all
ceat keill and a disrupeion in the food chain could prove
dlsasteons to all of them,

Mineral wealth abounds in the Antarctic. Iron
and what is possibly the world's lagest reserve of coal
have been discovered in the Trinsantaretic Moun-
‘ain; have some tracesof gold, uranium, tin, copper,
cobalrand titanium, The latterhave been found in the
few ice-free areas thus mapped (which constitutes only

Chapter Five: Australia and the South Seas

——

the tintestpercent of the continent). Otfihore deposits
of both oil and gas have been found und in some places
dailling has already begun

Constant watch muse be kept to preserve what is
left, Despire its isolation, Adelie penguin eggs show
traces of DDT and the coast is sometimes littered with
plastic trash. Most seriously, itis possible that oil
minerals may he found in "commercial" a
citherin the sea or underground, prompting its explo
tation, The seas are so rough and the danger of icebergs
so prevalent, that there exists real dangers of spills and
industrial pollution either from platforms or tankers
Any oil spill would be almost impossible to clean up
under the conditions present in Antarctica. Oil would
‘coat the ice-free cousts where seabirds, seals, and
penguins nest, feed and live, killing the krill and
possibly almost every animal dependent 61) it. On:
shore facilicies needed to process any oil and gas found
would cause even more disruption tnd pollution than
the current scientific bases do. They would also pre
vide competition with the wildlife for snow-ftee areas
and probably disrupt not only feeding, but also breed
ingbchavior. Neverthe
sultative Parties (over twenty countries with an inter
‘est in the region) currently discuss how to do it rather
than if it should be done at all

Not actually exploitation per se, but a danger
nonethelessis the hole in the ozone layer that appears
over Antarctica during the three months of darkness
every winter, Caused by the release of chloroflucra
‘carbons (CFC) that break down the ozone molecules.
the hole allows deadly ultraviolet radiation through
‘onto the earth. Despite the outlawing of aerosols and
{n refrigeration, the CFC already released will last for
100 years. As the hole grows vearly, ince the ocone
‘cannot repair itselfonce destroyed, thismay lead to the
destruction of the phytoplankton on which kell feed,
again endangering the Antarctic's fond ch:
from all tribes come ro the Antarctic to fight for it»
survival. Most commonly, Get of Fenis.and Wendigo
find they can best tolerate the conditions thete, mak
{ng them strange bediellows indeed.

The Thing Under the Jce

"The dangers to the fragile ecosystem of Antarctica
would be enough co simmon Garou to defend it, but
there exists an even greater danger under the tee, 1
peril they cannot now fight, only wateh.

‘This is the legend:

Longiigo, when the land was green ind plensast (i
time only remembered by the Mokolé), a temble
Wyrm creature came into it and began slaying all who

189

tiie


Speer erence ene runes nares ve anmer rca ressamnerenamverenevh

mI LSS

lived there. None coulil stand against its poisoned
teeth and claws, its eyes that spread madness and its
black and ravenous heart. The call went out among all
Garou, asking for the bravest each tribe had to offer to
come to the land and battle the great evil. Champion
after champion responded to the call and came, head
held high and eyes alight with fervor to slay the beast
in such glory that his name would live forever.

All fell before the Wyrm's great contupter-wartior,
While these battles took place, the evil spread its
talons into everything it touched. What were once
green fields became blackened twisted bogs stinking
with rot. Children bor in the land were blighted and

warped, their limbs tangled, cheir minds unhinged.
After many weary years in which it seemed that
‘schiklren could donoching againseso great a foe,
proposed a novel solution. Hee
tiavels in the Umbra had convinced her that what
J not be cured must be cut out. Working from
sent her in the stars, Carves-the-Flome
jata'sbonescould
I, Sees-the-Moon's Shadave, a
therorherstobind the evil

mighty Theurge, to call to
into the lind ic had ruined. Then she and a hundred
others began to gnaw upon the land's roots until they

supped. Fully half of them fell into the rift created

when the land broke apart. The others rode with the
drifting land out into the southern seas, swearing
themselvesto become the Sept of the Bitter Loss, there
to keep watch and make cerrain the Wyrm spawn
‘could noe rise

The nights grew longer and colder as they rode the
land and ice began 8 great parches of it. Even
their fur could not keep them f the cold and suacey
perished. Asthe trees died and the grass shriveled, the
anall animals also died and Carves-the- Homeland,
Seesthe-Moon'sShadow and their fellows also died of
jon. As they died, each wove his of her bones
into the icetostrengthen the trap confining the Wyrm
there were none left and Gaiastopped
the kind on the extreme southem tip of the earth, held
suspended in frigid, clear ice. Though eventually man
found the exiled land once again, it sno longer green,
hut a purified white expanse. Garow visiting Antarc-
Hit here, how
ever. Each can fee! that somewhere under the ice
sleeps something rerrifyingly cormupt and dangerous
sand each fears its waking. Suill, they can take comfore,
for when the storms whip into and the snow
swirlshigh enough to cover the aurora australis with its
deadly white veil, they can hear within the wind the
howls of theie ancient kin

creature. Fi

160

Ll ——


WORLD Dr

t's all within, An entire world awaits,
