# File: Akashic Brotherhood.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Emrey Barnes

Credits

Written by: Emrey Barnes

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Laura Letbetter

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Randy Post, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Lawrence
Allen Williams

Front Cover Art: Michael Wm. Kaluta

Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

4598 STONEGATE IND. BLVD.
3 7 MIN., GA 30083

CAME STUDIO

© 1994 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Re-
production without written permission of the publisher
is expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Mage: The Ascension and The Akashic Brother-
hood are trademarks of White Wolf Game Studio. All
names, titles, characters and text herein are copyrights
of White Wolf unless otherwise noted.

The mention or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
discretion is advised.

Special Thanks to:

Rich "You'll Never Work in this Town Again" Tho-
mas, for his faith in FedEx and comic-book boys

Aileen "Black Leather Monster" Miles, for bringing
out her biker best for fall.

Larry "Flea Circus" Snelly, for hisendless battle against
microscopic roommates

Kathy "Wyld Thang" Ryan, for putting her dark side
down on paper where it belongs.

Chris "Right Hand Man" McDonough, for what he's
doing just out of frame.

Josh "Eat Me" Timbrook, for his Halloween greeting
to the fans.

Rob "Network" Dixon, for being so laid back that we
can't slam him the way he deserves.

Author's Dedication

To those who don't know what they are looking for: it
was probably in the rough draft.

Special thanks to my Wheel Brothers, Bruce Lee,
Chang Cheh and the fabulous actors who worked with him
on films, and especially to all those people throughout the
world who practice martial arts and have the understand-
ing in their hearts.

Printed in Canada

A world at peace is a vision so rare, its symbols have hardly been invented.
— Maxine Hong Kirgton

Contents

Prelude: The Cycle of Avatars' : 4

Introduction: A Masfer Informs 8

Chapter One: Above the Surface 14
(Culture)

Chapter Two: The Living Tome 26
(History and Inner Relations)

Chapter Three; The Blossomiand the Thorn 36
(The Councihof Ninéand Our Own Searchfor Balance)

Chapter Four: From the Reeord 46
(Templates)

Appendix: Scrolls of the Brotherhood 58
(Systems)

Contents 3


Prelude:
The Cycle of
Avatars

give him the power to call to mind his various temporary
states in days gone by; such as one birth, two births, three, four,
five, ten, twenty, forty, fifty, a hundred, a thousand, or a
hundred thousand births; his births in many an eon of renova-
tion; to call to his mind his temporary states in days gone by in

all their modes and in all their details...
— Robert Tralins, Belmont Productions, The

Cosmozoids

With a piercing scream that shattered
the quiet of the forest, a hawk dove toward its
prey. Fall Breeze watched as the outstretched
talons took hold of the fleeing mouse-child
and the hawk took flight once again.

As her eyes followed the hawk, the sight

Mag within her mind focused upon the hawk's

| nest. The snake had worked its way up the
hex tree and across the limb. The mouth, open-
ing many times larger than appeared possible, slowly began
to engulf an egg.

A hand slammed down, clutching her.

"Thus is the way of Drahma."

The arm that followed wrapped around her. A leg
immobilized her torso. The weight of a body forced her to
the ground.

But Fall Breeze's mind quickened. Sought. Found. Two
men. No more. Both purified by the ancient ways of the
Brotherhood.

It could be a trap. Best make sure.

Fall Breeze started as her magicks were dissipated by a
will greater than her own.

4 Akashic Brotherhood

With a third thought, she recognized the grasp as
Raging Eagle's.

"Js that all you intend to do?" A second familiar voice
rippled through her mind.

"Stop coaching her." Raging Eagle released his grasp.
Fall Breeze rolled into a full lotus position to look up into
Gentle Mountain's smiling face.

"Don't look at me." Gentle Mountain held out the sign
of peace. "He's over there."

Fall Breeze's eyes followed the Master's prompting to
the form of Raging Eagle, arms crossed, standing ina nearby
tree. He laughed, and his voice came from behind her.

"T'm here as well." Raging Eagle looked down into her
eyes as she spun about.

"How did you do that?" Fall Breeze asked. "It's like
you're two places at once, and you totally stopped my
magicks."

Raging Eagle signed her to remain silent. "Don't forget
that your vision of reality can influence others' magicks. It
isa very powerful tactic. As for being two places at once —
do you think that we've taught you everything there is to
know?"

Fall Bre:

good to see the two of you. I mean really see the two of you

ze smiled, leapt to her feet and laughed. "It is
— with my eyes and everything."

"We understand." Gentle Mountain spoke without
words as always. "If things weren't as confusing as they
always are, we would be here more often, I assure you."

"Pll never get used to that myself," she said as Raging
We have an
important task ahead of us. We'll explain to you along the

Eagle began to walk off. "Come on," he said.

way what's going on."

ing Gentle Mountain following Raging Eagle, Fall
did the same. The elder mage stopped after a few

and signaled her to stop as well. Raging Eagle stood

rigid, concentrating. His arms moved so fast that the wind

screamed.

"What help could I be to you?" the younger Brother
asked, puzzled and entranced by Raging Eagle's magicks

"Itis notso much that we need you, but thata common
friend needs us." Gentle Mountain's words coursed through
reality as Raging Eagle's hands parted the fold in the
Tapestry. With another pass of his hands, there appeared a
cinder block hallway. The echo ofa crowd rang through the
mystick gate.

"Please, step through the portal." Raging Eagle waved
his hands for the others to enter.

Battering Ram shifted her weight to her back foot. Her
arm shot out like a rocket. The gloved fist collided with its
target so hard that her opponent's mouth guard flew free
and skittered across the canvas to the dirty concrete floor.

The ball of her foot soared up to tear into exposed
throat and chin. Her opponent's head rocked.

With a sudden glance, Battering Ram caught sight of
three oddly dressed spectators. One Asian wore an orange
robe. The other man sported the build of a professional
fighter. The woman looked oddly familiar. Disturbingly so.
Battering Ram hesitated.

The bell rang.

Battering Ram backed into her corner and sat down.

"What gives? You had her!" Bill Bookman coughed
around his cigar.

"Eh? Leave me alone." Battering Ram held her head in
her hands. She knew something strange was going on. Bill
wasn't himself

The bell rang again.

"People are going to say that you're betting' on this
match, girl!" Bookman hollered after her. "Take that bitch
out, and now!"

eee
Fall Breeze glared down at the spectacle before her.

Fall

"This is an organized sport? It seems very brutal."
Breeze couldn't keep her eyes from the conflict.

Prelude: The Cycle of Avatars 5


"Yes," Raging Eagle replied. "Matches like these are

held all over the world. People watch them at the arenas
themselves and television audiences around the world
watch similar matches to their hearts' content. Though it's
illegal, gambling often occurs." Raging Eagle suddenly rose
to a more alert stance. He scanned the audience with
mystickally enhanced senses; "We are not alone."
_ . "Hey, you sissy! What's with the dress, old man? You
look like my stepmother!" A tobacco-chawing, beer-guz-
zling, cap-wearing scruff-beard bellowed insults down at
Gentle Mountain.

The three Brothers pivoted. "He beats his wife and
children." Fall Breeze spoke softly and calmly. Gentle
Mountain's eyes bored deep down into the core of the
man's being through the scruff-beard's widening, red-
veined eyes.

Gentle Mountain spoke aloud:

"You will never touch your children or wife again. If
you do, you will no longer have the will to live. You will kill
yourself. Do you understand? What you have done shall
return to you one thousand times through the cycles of
Drahma! This is the curse that you have brought upon
yourself,

"Seek inner tranquillity and you will find peace with
yourself and the All."

The light in the stadium seemed to suddenly dim.
Some intangible darkness seethed in the surrounding air,
bubbling up out of the scruff-beard. The man's face grew
limp and slack, his face flushing with sudden panic.

The shock of Gentle Mountain's voice began to fade
into the garbled echoes of the stadium crowd. Fall Breeze
looked at him oddly. It had never occurred to her before
that she had imagined Gentle Mountain's voice for so
many years. His real voice sounded so strange to her. Scruff-
beard scrambled to his feet and started to leave. His buddies
looked evilly down at the trio, but only helped their friend
from his seat and out an exit arch.

"Over there." Raging Eagle pointed down at the coach
beside the ring. "Iteration X."

"A what?" In the crowd below, Fall Breeze saw the man
who had the Awakened light within him.

"Fall Breeze. Stay with me!" Raging Eagle turned
toward Gentle Mountain: "You know what to do."

"As always, Brother. May things go well," Gentle
Mountain's thoughts murmured.

"Peace, and power to your inner Self." Fall Breeze
saluted, her hands forming the symbol for active power held
within by passive energies; a symbol of her respect.

eee

Flashbacks ofa prior existence streamed into Battering
Ram's mind. Information surged through her, cutting out
new synaptic pathways with millions of tiny bolts of light-
hing. Another lifecs angthesbodyaee She was sudden lyin'
Egypt, practicing the dance-like Questing Style steps of

6 Akashic Brotherhood

something called "Do" as the modern Battering Ram caught
her opponent squarely with a vicious backhand. Spit flew
and the woman's head bounced from side to side.

Suddenly Battering Ram's view of reality transposed.
She found herself within a stone courtyard, walking with
another, older woman. There were cats everywhere. Siamese
cats. Very large Siamese cats. Hundreds of them. "These are
all things that you must remember..." her teacher's voice
trailed off. "Battering Ram?"

Her focus snapped into the frame of reference. "Why
do you call me that?"

"That is what you are. You always charge forward like
a ram in battle. You butt with your head. Baahhh Baaa!"
The old woman poked her in the head. "You must learn to
use your mind. You are Awakened now. No blindly running
head-first into things, little one."

The ring spun. The audience's voices fell into a dis-
cernible, almost rhythmic, pattern.

She wanted to dance around, to humiliate her oppo-
nent, but suddenly caught control of herself. She must
think of her opponent's feelings as well — this is sports-
manship. She had the ability to end the fight quickly; it
would be wrong for her not to exercise it. Smoothly, she
stepped up along side the woman, sweeping her off her feet.
Her hands caught the woman's center of balance and laid
her gently onto the mat.

The crowd booed. Battering Ram rose triumphantly
above her opponent and quickly helped the woman to her
feet. The defeated boxer stood dizzily with her head held
forward. Battering Ram helped her to her own comer.

eee

Fall Breeze followed Raging Eagle through the artifi-
cial stone walkway. The bluish flickering lights plagued
Fall Breeze's vision to no end.

"You need to get out the way we got in." Raging Eagle
strode down the hallway effortlessly with long quick strides.
"We are about to encounter a mechanically-enhanced
human from the Technocracy. You had better leave."

"What do you mean? What are we about to do?" Fall
Breeze blurted.

"Listen." Raging Eagle guided her into the entranceway
to the public restrooms. "This was meant to be a routine
pick-up of a recycled Avatar. That woman is Battering
Ram." :

The name rang in Fall Breeze's head. She remembered
being in Egypt centuries ago. The fruitfulness of the Nile left
asmell of sweet freshness in the air. She felt the weight of jewelry
on her arms, around her ankles, in her hair, and from her ears.
She walked with Battering Ram in a grain field. The stalks blew
with the gentle wind that rolled in across the water.

"Do you think that we will remember each other in future
lives?" Fall Breeze stopped for a moment, suddenly bewildered.

"What's wrong?" Battering Ram rested her hand against
Fall Breeze's shoulder to steady her wobbling. The hand felt
strong and reassuring.

"I suddenly feel I've seen this before." Fall Breeze smiled.
"Do you think we will? I mean, see each other again... after we
die?"

"T hope so." Battering Ram held Fall Breeze tightly to her.
"T'll miss you. Our studies have made our mentors quite proud.
I'm sure they will do their best to see that we will meet each other
again in future lives if we ask them to."

"Fall Breeze, it is time for you to leave."

She was running with Raging Eagle through the con-
crete hallway once again. "Who are we fighting?" Fall
Breeze tried to steady her mind.

"Iteration X. We are sworn to destroy them, and they
us. They are here to kill Battering Ram before she can
reAwaken..."

coe

The door to the woman's locker room crashed back off
its hinges and smashed to the floor, followed by the body of
Battering Ram's opponent. Like a bloody rag doll, she lay
limp and lifeless upon the floor. Battering Ram fell to her
knees. The blood gushing from the missing section of the
woman's head pooled out onto the floor. "Santo Sangre!"
Battering Ram screamed.

Bill Bookman, Battering Ram's manager, slowly walked
out of the woman's locker room, his right hand running
with blood. "I've been looking for you." Bookman's eyes
locked onto Battering Ram, targeting. "People're sayin'
that you rigged the fight. Somebody's gotta pay."

"How could you kill her?" Battering Ram's eyes welled
with tears. The sticky blood covered her legs and feet. She
slipped around in it, clutching the woman's body to hers.
Here, for the first time in this incarnation, Battering Ram
sensed mortality with all her being, felt the void ofa human.
death. A cold breeze ran across the fires of her newly
Awakened Avatar. "She's dead!"

Blades popped out of Bookman's hand and came spin-
ning to life. The sound of the whirling blades tore through
the echoing tunnels.

"Fall Breeze, help the woman out of the building. I'll
met you outside." Raging Eagle took a running start and
soared into the air. His foot slammed into Bookman's head
with a grinding scream of metal.

The younger mage pulled Battering Ram away from
the bloody body. Her eyes connected with the boxer's. A
thousand thoughts surged through her: lives that had gone
before, feelings of friendship in other countries, colors and
shapes long forgotten, the passage of time, and Death in all
its forms swooping down from the horizon, its tattered
black clothing sailing in the wind. She grabbed Battering
Ram and ran.

"Down this way. There is a secret passage." Fall Breeze
felt along the hall for the hidden handle as she channeled
her thoughts into the Tapestry. She knew it was there —
knew she would make there be a secret passage leading
outside the building. Her vision was already outside, mak-
ing sure that the parking lot was clear of Sleepers.

"I've played here since | was ten! There aren't any
secret passages!" Battering Ram shouted at Fall Breeze.

There was no handle. There was no secret passage.

A security guard locked a fence at the end of the
hallway. "You ladies are going to have to go around the
other way. This area is off limits," he said as he dropped the
padlock against the fence and turned to walk away.

"Thanks," Fall Breeze grabbed hold of Battering Ram's
hand. "I guess we'd better go back the way we came."

eee

Raging Eagle's kick tore the leg free from the decapi-
tated body. Sparks from disconnected wires scorched the
cyborg's flesh. Its head lay on the floor, one eye spinning
about wildly as the other stared off into empty space. In the
cyborg's mind, he still stood in a wind-blown meadow with.
Gentle Mountain. I must report this to the Comptroller, he
thought. He'll know what to do, The cyborg attempted to
access his neural interface.

"He can't help you," the mage said. "Your path in this
life is complete. I hope that in the next life you will not side
with the Technocracy again, Peace be with you." Gentle
Mountain gestured to the cyborg as reality crumbled about
him.

eee

"This must be a dream..." Battering Ram began to go
numb from itall. Her manager, who had been a killer robot,
was now a bunch of broken parts strewn about the floor by
aman who chopped through steel with his bare hands. The
stench of charred flesh filled her nostrils. Once again, a sea
of red flowed out before her. The broken form was clearly
half human and half machine.

"We can't get out that way." Fall Breeze kept watch
down the hallways. "She knows this place too well."

"Stand back. I will make usa way." Raging Eagle began
to stare intently ata wall. Slowly he prepared; calling upon.
the power of the "repeating strike," he began to throw a
series of punches. With a loud kiai, Raging Eagle threw the
final blow, shattering the wall like a sledgehammered
eggshell. Fountains of water shot from snapped pipes and
alarms sounded throughout the hallways.

"You possess the power of God! How did you doit? You
are a Saint, no?"

Smiling, Raging Eagle turned and replied, "Ancient
Chinese secret."

Prelude: The Cycle of Avatars 7


Introduction:
A Master

Somany times

Iwas the one whostopped

Myselffromdoingthings
Somany times

Iwas the onewhostopped
Andclippedmy wings

Donovan, "New Year's Resolution"

Remove the clutter from your mind How to Use this Book

Block out the thoughts that distract you
Feel ie Cosmic All couiseichioush Vou I'veheardof you. You're the man they saycuts through

men' storsosasif they were dead wood.
Kazuo Koike and Goseki Kojima, Lone Wolf and Cub
Welcome to the Akashic Brotherhood. Unlike many

Think of nothing
Relax until it all passes away

Breathe. es
x Masters of other Traditions, | will try not to hammer our
Become one with what you are.
history into your head before you are ready. You may never

Become one w what you are not.
Become one with what you are not want to know what has come on before, for we know it all

Focus — both the beautiful and the vile. Is this not Drahma? For
Feel the flow. that same reason, | will not verse you in the many other
Feel the flow around you. things that could cloud your mind or distract you from your
Ride the flow through the Cosmic All studies. When the time comes, you will know to ask

This is the path of least resistance Outside the walls of our Xiudaoyuan, confusion and

imbalance fill the world. Within these boundaries rest
peace of mind and time to focus oneself into the power
coherent form that one was meant to be. We will teach you

Introduction 9

what is within you before taking you out to battle in the so-
called Ascension Wars

Ah, yes. | knew that you had heard about them:

Yes. I laugh.

You wish to battle in these wars, do you not? I can see
it in your eyes, mind, heart, spirit and soul

And, if may step beyond myself and my purpose, I will
also define for you many of the things that make up this
little world in which I and, soon, you will exist. These
elements — the rotes, Kemian, and maneuvers that we
keep hidden within our Xiudaoyuan — can be found at the
end of this book. It is a mode of the Drahma that they
appear here — that fact cannot be denied.

Drahma, Balance,
and the Cosmic All

Do you really want to know? Once an evil deed is done, it
never ends. It keeps on going forever

— Sun Chien as the Scorpion, Five Deadly Venoms

The Cosmic All

Look you upon the times before now. Things were
harmonious then as they are fractured now. Pure Ones in
their truest forms held sway over the multitude and the Self

10 Akashic Brotherhood

was as one. The Self is the Cosmic All — the knowing,

ree

ng essence. Its form is all things, and, in thought, the

only thing. to recombine what we once
thought was lost, so still it remains, for it is all things. We
have, and will always be, small pieces of that which is, so
completely encompassing is the Cosmic All

Balance

The Cosmic All teeters on a focal point at its very
center, the whole of the self constantly tipping to and fro
The key to balance is understanding Do and how it reacts
within Drahma. The forces that make up the Cosmic All
must find an equilateral existence, or the All will be thrown
off into oblivion to right itself again

Drahma

What comes around goes around

You reap what you sow

Ideas and occurrences tend to spiral back upon them-
selves.

The man who conquers his mind is truly powerful. The
man who understands Drahma can predict his future. The
woman who directs her Drahma can outwit destiny. To
speed up Drahma weakens its looping grasp. The Avatar
who directs Drahma in all things is a truly powerful being
indeed.

Drahma is both the cycle of "action causes reaction"
and the Path of truth and egoless righteousness. Do not be
distracted from that which is within you. Allow Do to help
you travel your Drahma until it has reached completion

So we live our lives

Theme and Mood

When you are poor,

You have got to struggle

— Alexander Fu Sheng as Tan Tung, Chinatown Kid

Brother, you're here for one reason — to find and
develop your inner self. It is of the utmost importance to
remain calm and serene even in the face of turmoil. We
control our Drahma beyond the death of our physical forms
as our Avatars pass into other incarnations. Do not fear.
Believe in Do, and you will pass though life as it was meant
to be.

Once you are at peace with yourself, you will be at

peace with the world and attain that which you strive for—
though it may not be in the form or essence you expect to
find

Do not forget what you are searching for; otherwise you

will be too preoccupied with the search to recognize the

treasure.
Our theme is balance. Our mood is one of exotic
mystery. Explore. Enjoy. Learn

Terminology of the
Brotherhood

Akasha — The Ascended Avatar credited with the
development of writing and the formation of the Akashic
Record.

Akashic Record — An outline of the Tapestry. Com
posed partially of written text, the largest part of this
Record derives from a collective mind/spirit pool formed
from the memories and subconscious of the Akashic Broth-
ethood as a whole.

Blue Skins — Mages of the Primordial Essence who
focus their lives in the pursuit of Ascension. Legends say
that as the mage nears Ascension his skin becomes blue
with Quintessence saturation.

Brother — A sworn comrade who will side with you
throughout this incarnation, no matter what the cost. This
term is not gender specific

Calculating — Making an educated assumption based
on known facts through the extrapolation of information,
especially when utilizing the Spheres of Correspondence,
Mind and/or Time

Ch'i (Qi or Chi) — (Chinese) A model of Quintes:
sence that so precisely follows the weaving of the Tapestry
that it gains the momentum of the flow through the Cosmic
All. For the most part, internal in origin

Introduction ll

a
Fe
7
Js

Akashic Brotherhood

Choppy-Socky — 1) The act of performing martial
arts, specifically Do, in an improper fashion. 2) A martial
arts or Asian action-adventure film. Often considered
derogatory

Dojang (also Dojo) — 1) A training hall used for the
practice of martial arts. 2) A lesser Xiudaoyuan.

Dragon — 1) The aspect of the Celestines of the Shard
Realms of Correspondence, Mind, Prime and Time with
which members of the Akashic Brotherhood interact. 2)
Someone who has achieved the skill of the third rank of Do
training. 3) A person fueled by an indomitable spirit and
will, usually a Questing or Primordial mage

Fist — 1) The hand when clenched into a form usable
for striking blows. 2) The whole of that which a martial
artist puts to use when in combat (i.e. her entire body)

Flow — The underlying current of the Cosmic All

Fruit of Sarasvati 1) Tass. 2) Sections of the
Akashic Record

Intrinsic Internal Energy — That which is chi, both
internal and external

Kamil 1) Divine Wind. 2) One who aligns one's
self with both the Flow and Drahma in order to achieve a

goal even if it leads to death. 3) Often a mage who aligns
himself with the Phoenix Incarna

Keinian'— Talisman; literally Quintessence"tap"

Ki That which is chi, mainly referring to the
externally summoned.

Lingxiu — Deacon,

Magick Papers — Slips of yellow paper inscribed with
characters in red ink. The inscription determines the type

of powers that the paper possesses. The size of the paper

indicates the strength. Often, the blood of the practitioner
is blended into the inks to yield even more strength
Orange Robe — A Sleeper or Awakened initiate of
the Akashic Brotherhood who resides full-time ina Chantry
s tend to be of the Pattern Essence and seek to

Such magi
excel at the Sphere of the Mind.

Others, the A derogatory term for Awakened
beings who are not mages.

Paladin — The champion of an Akashic Brotherhood
Xiudaoyuan; usually the highest-ranking Questing Essence
mage

Pangu — 1) The architect who constructed the uni-
verse and whose body became the substance of the universe
upon his death. Seen by many to be an equivalent to the
Western Gaia. 2) Nature, used to refer to all creation.

Phoenix 1) The aspect of the Celestines of the
Shard Realms of Drahma, Entropy and Spirit with which
members of the Akashic Brotherhood interact. 2) A person
who visits the Penumbra often and goes through long
periods of Quiet. Usually refers to Dynamic Stylists.

Record, the — The Akashic Record.

Saint — 1) One who nears Ascension. 2) One sworn
to fight for a cause, with all of her being, unto death.

Sar— 1) Tass. 2) Abbreviation of the Fruit of Sarasvati.

Sarasvati — 1) The river that, with the Ganges,
replaced the Sindhu as the most holy river of India. 2) The
Indian goddess of speech, wife of Brahma. 3) To the
Akashics, Sarasvati is the Ascended Avatar of the founder
of complex communication.

Scales of the Dragon — Mages of the Questing
Essence who specialize in the militant aspects of Do. It is
said that their combined number makes up the physical
body of the Dragon Celestine. Also called Dragon's Scales.

Sect — A branch of the Brotherhood that specializes
in the study of specific Spheres of magick and usually has a
particular agenda for its teachings and philosophy.

Sensei — Pedagogue.

Sensing — Using Life, Forces and Matter to extrapo-
late information about the nearby surroundings.

Shaolin Temple — Two Buddhist monasteries located
in China, one northern and one southern. These temples
are historically described as the birthplace of modern
Chinese martial arts.

Sifu — Mentor.

Simiao Zhuchi — 1) The leader of a Chantry, usually
concerned with general Chantry operation. 2) The most
learned Pedagogue of a Chantry.

Style — 1) A specific form of Do. 2) A particular
pattern or mode of Do that relies upon a certain attitude
and, usually, a set energy source (internal or external).

Sword Saint — A member of the Akashic Brother-
hood who has chosen the sword as her dedicated focus for
the Spheres of Life and Matter, and who has sworn to battle
in the Ascension Wars.

Thumb — A master's top student and/or assistant.

Tiger — 1) The aspect of the Celestines of the Shard
Realms of Life, Forces and Matter with which members of
the Akashic Brotherhood interact. 2) Someone who has
achieved the skill of the third rank of Do training. 3) A
person of steady nature, who knows when to be calm and
when to strike (usually refers to a Primordial Stylist).

Xiudaoyuan — A Chantry.

Yogi — Among the Akashic Brotherhood, a Dynamic
mage specializing in the Spirit Sphere.

Introduction 3

JOSHUA GABRIEL TetbROOK
mem XC I VE


Release yourself, and you will be free

N

"What is this place?" Battering Ram's
eyes opened in awe as she scanned the sur
roundings. "My God, it looks so familiar."
Wedged back between two large cliff faces,
the sloping red roofs of the Xiudaoyuan
reached out to touch the tall pine trees.
Orange Robes stood in meditative stances,

guarding the large, open doors.

"Follow me." Raging Eagle directed the
initiate forward across the courtyard's huge slabs of rock,
toward the entrance of the temple.

"Wait a minute. | think that I'm starting to catch on
about all this. You guys are like the characters in those old
chop-sockies, right? I must have been hit in the head in the
ring," she babbled nervously. "Did you ever see those films?
Cool! I think I can deal with this for a little while... I'm
probably at a hospital somewhere trying to get through a
concussion. Right. Sure. What about the ten-thousand
year-old ginseng and power pills and stuff? I know it's true
here. Am I right? | mean look at this place. It would make
a great set! Por dios! I'm psyched."

agi Shota, Orange Robe Xiudaoyuan, Je

an

"You are quite correct about the ginseng." Ragir

» reached out with his mind to calm Battering Ram's

Eag!
thoughts. "We call such objects that contain distilled
essence of the Cosmic All ‘Kemian.' But I assure you that
you are not unconscious. We brought you here for this is
your Destiny. It has been for many of your incarnations.
"I know it may take you a while to adjust, but you will

Focus yourself upon the basics of Do... the rest will follow

Have patience. You'll see." Raging Eagle signed to the
Orange Robes at the door. Both nodded to him in unison
and resumed their meditations.

Battering Ram walked through the gateway. "What

are you talking about?"

Gentle Mountain and Fall Breeze trailed several steps

behind them, deep within their own conversation
remember waking from the Sleep. | understand that this
does not happen to everyone." Fall Breeze's face took on a
serious cast. "How can you tell when someone is about to
Awaken?"

The elder Brother pointed to Battering Ram. "She

Awakened because you were with us. My hobby is studying

Chapter One: Above the Surface 15

[ke £ BIUKER

people's previous incarnations. Some of our brethren and
sisters do this asa full-time occupation, as part of their Path.
There are ways to Awaken the Avatars, but we of the
Brotherhood wish for people to Awaken on their own.

"You see, we have found through the countless centu-
ties that lives travel through preordained cycles. We try to
teach ourselves how to avoid the same pitfalls we fell into
in previous lives.

"I merely studied Drahma, the Balance and the All to
find Battering Ram. Were you not the one to teach me of
these principles in your own past life?" The smile that
bloomed on Fall Breeze's face answered Gentle Mountain's
question.

"You went to the Record?" she asked. Gentle Moun-
tain nodded. "I'd like to see it myself. 1 wish 1 could
remember more of my other incarnations," she continued.
"It gets so confusing sometimes. I recall so little. How did
you discover so many details about her in the Record?
Books can only tell so much."

The Mentor smiled. "The Akashic Record is compiled
and stored only loosely within books. A secret mind-hold
deep within the Realm of Dream and the Shard Realm of
Mind contains the essence of all the recollections of the
Brotherhood. Such memories are not always literal, but
may, ifread correctly, tell the inquiring mind much. One of
the Record's uses is to track the course of our lives, as we
have just discussed. In its larger form, the Record is the

history of existence as we of the Brotherhood know it.

"As Drahma works to preserve the Balance, so does the
Avatar reAwaken ina like pattern as it finds rebirth. Those
who have truly Ascended have risen above the Drahma and
escaped the cycle of death."

"Is Ascension so hard to attain?"

"If knew," the Mentor replied, "would I be here to tell
you?"

Sleepers and the
Brotherhood

Highest good is like water. Because water excels in
Benefiting the myriad creatures without contending
With them and settles where none would like to be,

Tt comes close to the way.

— Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching (Book One, Verse VIII)
Once again, the four Brothers walked together, passing

"through the many halls of the great Xiudaoyuan, the

Temple of Inner Truth. Orange Robes stopped to bow now
and again. Several novices asked questions of both Raging
Eagle and Gentle Mountain.

"Many of these people are Sleepers," Fall Breeze said
in English, puzzled, scanning the Ava-
tars of those about her.

nche'
y wild ives at it
ee pefore it a
Ss
ue aimlesstY pings
wande' in wil ithout PFS
- ‘ ct wi
wur Path. Most s° in jnariot! S eps are hard to dete
Few are ready ba What good 1§ § The first our plat
4 iver: i so ig not i see'
Jeeping ath «from life This is re easier nought
py the st ething xt steps 4 jon, the ©
destination: thy looking FOF SOT you chink? The né Fhe steps th action ping more:
Are you actually cell led, oF Jose interest Watch tl seeking som fection.
ou tenting You ong, 10 i People changer" es. Ie may Pe Pe ing
Are ¥! 3 obs cle comes rhe k y tO this. ey ‘0 artial @ < ight be NOU :
en a mn to i aration: ost oF TET
ie youre' San jeoey s you FRE ae ome KNOWN
Go through Bae n. But this is cdstepstheY Awaken A ¢a candle
This is the § ph rtest distances withine te lind hide the Mi
e. +
The line 5 © e most PO' ei ne aaa do a ths to the ta
ight C arm When t e like
The strais! ray fro" bbs: hers CO!
The circle *° ae ound boundarie® athin, Now the Of cant d
The curve travels 2! Took for peace W Speed is impo" ced  ripene x
cide t0 © Jearn from U° will be ce yery importa"
When you me and le They Jpat soul is ea
E me tO "Le cla ckily, fc the Ree!
{ewill be ™ mand lik hardened ¥ Lae lvaide vou
d has har We will at alma
You must tthe wor fw of cles.
not forget = ine the block fe pering of metal. Follow pe will Hearn the ae
Iris difficult OO grieving The ein And yout ening wheel ©
er ale SPT pat park in YOR" The ever ndertying them
ember 1" of fire The rec!
Do you re searing Wave
like a s&
ane = yo i 1 that something
Rushin \d
Focusing,

"How do you mean, ‘Sleepers?" Battering Ram asked.

Raging Eagle signaled Fall Breeze aside. "Gentle Moun-
tain, please escort Battering Ram to the Grand Hall. | will
join you shortly."

"Of course... Why don't we start from the beginning,
shall we? Come along. This way." Gentle Mountain gently
took hold of Battering Ram's elbow and led her onward
through the quiet courtyard. The kickboxer's confused gaze
panned back to Fall Breeze.

"Te will be all right. I will see you soon." Fall Breeze
motioned a handsign to Battering Ram. "It is strange,
Raging Eagle," she said in Cantonese; "I have the strangest
feeling that | have met her before."

"I know. You are a very special one, Fall Breeze. I
always appreciate your company." Raging Eagle walked
into the rock garden and sat in full lotus position. "Why I
remember previous incarnations, when... well, hmm..."
Fall Breeze sat beside him, but he said no more.

Several of the Sleepers busied themselves moving the
large stones, taking great care to rake the smaller pebbles
into their proper places. Upon completing their tasks, they
bowed, showing the handsign of respect to Fall Breeze and
Raging Eagle.

Raging Eagle and Fall Breeze did likewise.

"Look at the beauty that they have created." His hand
slowly swept in asmooth gentle motion from one side of the
garden to the other. Raging Eagle motioned the Sleepers to
leave while Fall Breeze's mind absorbed the garden. "It is a
study in the flow of the Cosmic All and Balance, is it not?"

"Tt is a study in Drahma as well." Raging Eagle sat for
a moment in quiet contemplation.

Eventually Fall Breeze spoke again: "Is this why ‘Sleep-
ers' are here?"

"Why are they here?" Raging Eagle responded.

"Because they too are part of the Drahma, the Balance,
and the Cosmic All," she replied.

"Well said." Raging Eagle sat for several breaths. "Some
seek that which they will never achieve. If these Sleepers'
lives flow around us, just as the patterns flow around the
larger rocks within this garden, should they not be here
with us? Are they not part of the larger Pattern?"

"Allare continuing aspects of Drahma." Fall Breeze set
her mind into the totality of the work before her.

eee

Let the sleep,

© sleeps an n8 lion lie,

Ike LA TUE

"Here, have some tea." Gentle Mountain held his
sleeve back while he poured. Battering Ram nodded, pick-
ing up her cup. The bustling Xiudaoyuan dining hall
distracted her. The people were all in excellent physical
condition. "Your Akashic name is also Battering Ram,"
said the Mentor. "We have been charting your cycles and
incarnations for many lifetimes. | know that things have
happened quickly for you, and that it's all probably quite a
shock, but you need to decide soon whether or not you will
stay with us and learn our ways. I would rather you stayed."
Gentle Mountain sipped his tea.

"Look. I've got a really bad headache." The boxer
rubbed her temples. "I just want my own life back. This
must be a dream. Why am I here?"

"A more profound question than you know." He smiled.
"Listen: there is something inside you that makes you
different from other people. Your inner self has Awakened;
it is only a matter of time before that Self begins to exercise
the ability to manipulate reality. This is what we call
magick. Surely you must already sense something different
inside of you. This place, this Xiudaoyuan, is here to teach
people how to understand the inner self. We want to help.
You have already met those who wish your death."

"You mean my manager?" Battering Ram pulled at her
clothing, remembering the clotted gore, the blood of her
opponent. "God, what was he? A robot?"

"Forget that for now. There was nothing you could
have done." Gentle Mountain coaxed the tension and guilt
from her mind with his magicks. "Would you like to stay
here?"

"Yeah," Battering Ram drank down her cup of tea with
a quick swallow. "I might as well."

"Good. Then let us find some fresh clothing for you. |
will explain the rituals that you must perform when you are
brought before the Simiao Zhuchi." Gentle Mountain
lifted the tea pot. "But first another cup or two of tea. I'm
quite thirsty."

Initiation and Foci

Focus... 5) a center of activity, attraction, or attention...

— Webster's New Collegiate Dictionary

"Are you prepared?" Gentle Mountain stood beside
Battering Ram. The rhythm of wooden gongs filled the air
with their constant tapping. Mantras resonated with the
power of a hundred voices. Centering herself as best she
could, she bowed sharply to the Orange Robes at the large
gate before her. "Yes."

With Gentle Mountain's handsign, the gates opened.

All sound stopped.

The Orange Robes of the Xiudaoyuan faced one an-
other in two parallel lines. At the back of the Temple sat
the Simiao Zhuchi, with the Lingxiu and Sensei of the
Xiudaoyuan on either side; the boxer noticed Raging Eagle
among them.

Chapter One: Above the Surface ~ 17

i

Ar

Slowly

rows of Orange Robes. At the end of the hall the Simiao

nly, she walked forward between the

Zhuchi swept out his hand and the doors to the hall closed.
vbly

request that you accept me as a member of this sacred

Battering Ram lowered herself to her knees: "Ib

Brotherhood.

"It is good to see you again." The Simiao Zhuchi

R:

your Sensei. It is the hope of all those assembled that you

aging Eagle has been selected as

saluted with a handsign.

arn to connect with your inner self and find peace. Strive
to achieve this goal."

I'll try." Battering Ram mumbled under her breath. A

sharp poke nudged her right arm
"will." She spoke with greater clarity
Raging Eagle emerged from the crowd. In his hands

was the belt that she had received from Master Song Vu

when she had studied in Korea. "Remember this. It is now
presented to you anew. It does not mean what it did before.

"Once this was a symbol of your skill. Now you will be
the symbol, and it will direct the power that rages within
you. Do not lose it; if you do, you will lose a part of yourself
as well."

Battering Ram took the belt and tied it in place.
"Thank you, Sensei."

18 Akashic Brotherhood

Raging Eagle bowed to the Simiao Zhuchi. "Thank
you for allowing me the honor of teaching such a respected

student

The Master directed Raging Eagle to withdraw to the
ranks of Sensei and Lingxiu. "We must all remember to be

true to ourselves and to others. We must remain calm in our
lives and in our actions. We must have patience to learn the
cycles of our Drahma, and our place within the All. This is
the Path to Ascension

"We must always work to achieve and maintain the
Balance of all things: our selves, our Xiudaoyuan, and our
world. Peace go with you all."

Slowly the Orange Robes of the temple filed out,
followed by the Sensei and Lingxiu, then finally the Simiao
Zhuchi. Raging Eagle and Battering Ram alone remained.

"Are you prepared for the next stage?" Raging Eagle
asked.

Battering Ram rose to her feet, bowed, and followed
Raging Eagle out through the back of the hall. A narrow
corridor led to four gates, each engraved with a strange
symbol in red. Déja vu suddenly overwhelmed her. The

walls seemed to lean inward. "Sensei, that one." Battering

Ram pointed to a door: "It's that one, isn't it?"

Ram."

"Yes. You are a Scale of the Dragon, Battering
With a key from the string about his neck, Raging Eagle

opened the door and motioned Battering Ram inside.
"Choose one weapon from this room," he said.

"1 don't understand." Battering Ram looked about the
room. At the dozens, the hundreds, of weapons hanging
within.

"Do not understand." Raging Eagle said. "Just do."

eee

Battering Ram studied the ornately carved surface of
the scabbard, its wood hardened and finished with age and
brilliant artistry. The metal bindings had been crafted into
the shapes of a tiger, a dragon and a phoenix. "I like this
one. | mean, is it all right for me to pick this one? It looks
very old."

"If you feel so guided, then this blade is for you." Raging
Eagle smoothly signified the vastness of the room with a
sweeping gesture of his arms. The flickering of unseen
candles lit its expansive recesses. The glittering of rack
upon rack of polished steel played tricks on her eyes. "Out
of every weapon within this room, you are drawn to this
one. It part of your Drahma. Draw it."

Slowly she drew forth the shining blade. It seemed to
glow with an inner light. The weight felt good in her hand,
its balance fluid and natural. She threw several strikes. As
Raging Eagle watched, a wave of exhilaration surged through
him.

"What does this say?" Battering Ram held the sword so
that she could study the etchings on the blade. Raging
Eagle stepped closer to examine the tadpole characters. His
face altered noticeably.

"I'm sorry. I'll putitback. It's okay if pick another one.
lunderstand." With a snap of her wrist the blade shot back
into the scabbard.

After a moment, Raging Eagle spoke. "I have studied
Drahma for many years, but still there are things that I have
not adjusted myself to.

"It says ‘Battering Ram' upon the blade."

Battering Ram held the sword away from her, staring at
it with vague annoyance. "Yeah, right. I'm not buying it."

"I didn't know it was here, | assure you. It is from an
older time and has been missing for several of your incarna-
tions. | have studied your past lives in the library." Raging
Eagle walked over to Battering Ram and placed his hand
gently upon her shoulder. "I had no idea it was here. You
must believe me. There are many things that you are going
to have to adjust to. This is your Drahma. How else could
you have picked this blade from all the others? There are
hundreds of them."

‘inen
ation is achieved through abstin

Sect has its own ritual pu
ocess al

ws in the thought Pr l

se toxins from their physical

Purific

the inner self. Each
"Weeding ae

¢ the Dragon seek tO ‘
2 remove all things that bind

sacred sites:

ce and sharp focus of will, and works

forms to elimin: ffness and sickness of the
em to the physical world. Blue Skins wash their
hem

i FAURE

Battering Ram looked into Raging Eagle's eyes. "I'll
trust you as much as | can. I..." Her hand played with the
hilt and the top of the scabbard. She felt the carved wood
and metal. She felt the connection that had first drawn her
to the sword.

"Come. I'll teach you the purification exercises and
meditations that will allow you to cleanse both your mind
and your spirit. Such cleansing will help them to connect,
and, through this, you will find understanding." Raging
Eagle slowly closed the gateway behind them.

Purification

Do not enter the dining hall until you are fully cleansed.

— Shaw Brothers, Master Killer

"T hope that you enjoy this simple fare. 1 know it is not
what you are used to eating, but it's the best we can offer."
Gentle Mountain passed the bowl of rice and millet to
Battering Ram.

"It's fine," she replied wearily, looking around the
room at Gentle Mountain, Raging Eagle and Fall Breeze.
They had been allowed to eat away from the main dining
hall.

"You do not look like itis fine." Fall Breeze wasn't used
to the luxury of the variety of foods before her. The motion
of her chopsticks blurred from her mouth to her bowl.

"Well, pardon me!" the boxer exploded. "I saw some-
one get killed today, my manager turns out to be a psycho
robot, I get here, wherever here is, blindfolded, and every-
one talks in either Chinese or mind games. Then I'm forced
to either join your Brotherhood or leave... It's been a bad
day!" Battering Ram put her chopsticks down and walked
away from the table, then stopped. "I'm sorry," she said in
asofter tone, "No one's forced me to do anything. I feel like
I'm supposed to be here. I know you, Fall Breeze, but I've
never seen you before in my life. The whole thing is weird
and it's gonna take me some time to get used to it."

"You will have time," Gentle Mountain said. "The
study of our arts will allow you as much time as you need to
learn and adjust."

"T already know martial arts. What's going to take so
long?"

"Your name fits you so well." Raging Eagle breathed a
sigh. "Bear with me as | attempt to explain to you the
difference between martial arts and Do..."

oth for cleansing and for fortifying

i larity. The Scales
with enhanced cl a a Rte

sake ities at strong

beings clean of imputi

Chapter One: Above the Surface 19

Akashic Brotherhood

Do: More than Martial
Arts

the Dao can not be named or defined, for to do so is to
make distinctions and thereby miss the totality which is Dao.

— Conrad, Schiro, and Kauer, A Brief History of
Chinese and Japanese Civilizations

"Do training will teach you to open your mind, allow-
ing ittoreact much faster than youare presently accustomed
to." Raging Eagle guided Battering Ram back to the table
"You will not progress to the next stages of your training
until you have mastered the basics of Do. For some this
takes ten years or more. Your skill in other martial arts may
actually hinder your progress. The harder you cling to your
old techniques, the longer your new studies will take.

"Remember these teachings are not simply martial
arts. Do is the refining of the being. This encompasses not
only the physical aspect of the self, but also the mental,
spiritual and primal aspects of one's existence."

1 understand your frustration." Fall Breeze laid her
chopsticks down across her emptied bowl and took up her
tea cup. She tried to meet Battering Ram's eyes but could
not. "I wish to be with you as well. We have much to talk
about, but learning Do is more important. We'll have
plenty of time to live our lives once your training has
begun." She reached out and touched the kickboxer's
shoulder. "I know that it is hard to understand, but you are
newly Awakened. It is very important for you to master the
basics of Do now, before your psyche is polluted."

"We will try to explain the basics to you," Raging Eagle
added. "Hopefully, this will allow your training to progress
quickly. You might even understand why this training is
important if you listen to what we're saying." He served
himselfa grouping of vegetables and directed Fall Breeze to
continue

"Mastery of Do relies on advancement of the following
goals: breathing, purification, limberness, strength and

focus." Fall Breeze's words came out slowly and precisely;

they seemed to echo within Battering Ram's mind. "There
are no levels, and no one to combat other than the self
Things that are first hard become easy. Things that seem
impossible will bring you back to yourself. Your will can

shape reality, and shall." Fall Breeze stopped to take a sip of
tea

"Do, in its simplest form, finds its roots in the actions
ofanewly-born child. Withouta grasp on the world around
them, they exist through instinct alone. They rely directly
upon what works. They must yield to the simplest path, for
they have no other option. With their minds unclouded by
preconceived perceptions of the world, children can react
immediately and commit completely. Though limited, the
child has the skills to learn external knowledges quickly
Human nurturing, however, quickly dulls these skills."

Breathing

Wecan last only a few minutes without breathing, while it's
possible to live quite a while without eating or drinking. How-
ever, itisn't just breathing, but breathing correctly, which is the
key to performing well in all our varied functions.

Soo Se Cho, "Breath Control and the Martial
Artist," Tae Kwon Do Times

"One must relearn how to breathe properly," Gentle
Mountain said. "In order to do this, you must forget the
current practice of ‘lazy' breathing and return to the state
of ‘prenatal' breathing. By returning to this early stage of
breathing, we link into the spark-of-life that brought about
our birth. This primal power is the force that moves our
lives. We deplete this source of energy throughout our
lives. When it is spent, we live no longer."

Raging Eagle took up where Gentle Mountain stopped;
"Circulate the rejuvenating force through the whole of
your being. Breathe deeply with the whole of your being
from that which is the Cosmic All. Replace the stagnant
‘air' within with fresh ‘air.'

"This is part of the purification that we talked about
earlier. We must be washed clean of that which has become
lodged within us. To Sleepers this purification can become
a mere symbolic formality without inner truth. We must
look past the pure physicality of ‘cleansing' and embrace
the smooth flow of the Cosmic All.

"One who tries to become like rock will find herself eroded
away by the rushing waters of life. Become one with those

Think.

Focus your will.

The wind that blows, yi

As the ground is bene;

But thi
'e water element Pushes. The metal tem;
The wind yields, ie

Re 4
finch
ingon :
ppatdingsolidhcles eo ee
Giving rejuvensall iS be ac il 10
Cosmic aed all things ent rises
courses thre seg the mind est lid pis is he
without focus ‘ar yields the Pavgirectio™ _
a L ay
the fines Focus gives iethe
i \ aias
shining qo reach goal ike, how in WE nn WE
uickest WAY or where © = to turn, how fos
\fwe know ™ pot whicl which s ‘now
target?! ek 7 \f we kno : arselves ips wit
jeld to ow can We et
the six Se are dyin& es
not thi Doubs?
life? Wehisis Do. What js not
Allene

rushing waters and you shall find that you are the one who
slowly dissolves stagnation. This is the process of purification."

"Oh, yes, Wise One," Battering Ram sarcastically
retorted, toying with her food. "I see it all so perfectly now.
Por dios!" she exploded, "You speak in riddles and platitudes
like some ‘Karate Kid' film! Can't you understand how I'm
feeling? This mystic merde that you're trying to hand off on
me makes sense, but I've heard it all before. My whole life's
been screwed up. Where do | go from here?"

"You still don't believe what is happening, do you?"
Raging Eagle placed his chopsticks against the table and
slowly pushed them through so that they stuck out beneath
the table. "For the first time in this life, you are seeing the
world as it really is."

Chi is a model f
Quintessence, by ‘ as
amplify the energies of this floy ‘ The boa,

ng, timing

s Ww.
mal strikes, distanci

; gaining both
ee form and edge. These

ik + AS 7K FoR

Battering Ram looked under the table at the chop-

sticks poking through. She reached over and attempted to +

pull one of them free, but to no avail. It snapped in her
grasp. She sat back, stone-faced. "Okay," she said. "I guess
I'm listening."

Raging Eagle continued:

"It is said in karate, ‘one should strike with a thousand
pounds of force.' It is said in kung fu, ‘deflect a thousand
pounds with two ounces of force.' Know your goal and
approach it through both circular and linear advancement,
for both are equally valid. All things have their place in Do.

"One must have strength to travel through life. The
energy summoned within oneself is useless if it cannot be
applied through the being. This is the hardness of the self,

which you know so well. Become the exerting force. Build
to
refine the ‘form' so that it will stand up to repeated battery."

your strength evenly throughout your being. Exercise

Fall Breeze poured herself another cup of tea after
refilling the cups of the others. "Hold to your nature and to
truth; this is inner strength — the only true strength. Bend
when you run into things during life." Gentle Mountain
motioned with his hands. "This is the giving, yielding
nature, the flexibility that one must develop to stay whole
through any conflict. Snap back into shape when you have
passed beyond obstacles. Never hold firm under pressure,
for rigid things snap. The greater your limbernes
force you can distribute."

the more

Work

The next years went by swiftly as you
became the star pupil of Lei Kung the Thunderer
—and you achieved mastery of the martial arts.
But that was not enough. Your thirst for revenge
drove you to strive for more.

— Marvel Comics, Power Man and Iron

N Fist

Over several years, Battering Ram
learned the basic steps of Do through count-
less exercises and daily readings of the sacred texts. Her
mind began to open and her discoveries seemed like fresh
water to her parched mind. The joy of awareness filled her,
and the world seemed to bloom into a new creation. With
patience, Battering Ram attained a true understanding of
Do, and her studies progressed rapidly. She grasped the
basics of Cantonese and Mandarin, though mind-speech
eluded her in all but its simplest form. Still, for all she
understood, questions remained.

"Look to Do as a map of the Cosmic All." The old
master's voice rolled out of his mouth like the never-ending
cycle of day and night. "There are shortcuts to any point.
Along many paths danger awaits. To those well-versed in
Do, these paths are obvious and easily avoided through
other routes. This learning teaches the secret of the flow;
for as it runs, it follows the course of least resistance.

"Do is being. Discussion. Gardening. Book copying.
You can project yourself into these modes of thought and
attack. You are in control of your actions. Youcan empower
yourself by noting your direction.

"If you don't take control of your life, someone else
will."

Battering Ram sat alone with the old man. Both held
the full lotus posture, with their hands in the sign of peace.
Silence filled the practice hall. The worn bricks of the floor
were empty. "Teacher, how will I know when the time
comes for me to break from tradition and carry on with my

22 Akashic Brotherhood

own life?" Battering Ram asked. So many years she had
spent in learning, yet so many questions remained unan-
swered. "I like it here, but this is not my home. I want to
leave and return to the States. May 1?"

"If that is the direction that your inner self wishes to
The old man's eyes closed.
i'msomy if Edisappoine you! ishe'said.

take

"You do not," he answered. "It is not your place to stay
here. Your inner self cries out for release."
‘When can I go?"

"For centuries upon centuries, we have studied the
primal forces that drive each and every one of us. Why do
we do what we do? None of us can truly say. However, we

have noted through our study of Drahma that there are four
certain types of "
reason, we have devi:
specific directions of these primary archetypal yearnings of
the inner self."

"Teacher, pleas
bowed deeply.

"You are finished here, but you must now train within
your Sect before you will be permitted to leave the
Xiudaoyuan." The old man smiled. "Or you can attempt to
leave through the Exit Hall once again."

sence,' or directions in living. For this

d ways — Sects — to hone the

e answer my question." Battering Ram

Battering Ram winced. The wooden dummies in the
Exit Hall had
sions. Training wasn't
improved her technique.
said.

"Ah, am I treating you too h:
crossed his lips. "I know you miss the outside world. Take
time to relax; then we will go onto the next phase. You will
be able to return to the hectic life of the modern world soon
enough. Be calm; don't rush it."

iven her quite a beating on previous occa-
bad, but the beating had actually
"I'm bruised enough already." she

A thin smile


"Thank you, Sensei." With a bow, Battering Ram left
the chamber and entered the stone walkway leading to the
Xiudaoyuan's central dining hall

Anew female Orange Robe rushing toward her stopped
suddenly to stare at the boxer with Awakened eyes. "Do |
know you?" she whispered, amazed.

Battering Ram looked at her closely. Her face was
unknown, but oddly familiar. A chill ran up her spine. "I
don't think..."

"I do know you. You're Fall Breeze's lover!" The
woman stepped aggressively into Battering Ram's personal
space, her voice brittle and venomous

"What the hell are you talking about? Be at peace."
Battering Ram gestured a handsign and sidestepped away

"You know it's true." The woman jeered. "I've seen the
two of you in the Record. You've been lovers for lifetimes.
You still make eyes at each other when you think no one is
looking. It's just sick! You shouldn't be allowed in the
Brotherhood!"

Battering Ram stopped. The idea repulsed her. Her
deep feelings toward Fall Breeze since she had spotted her
in the audience that day years ago had no sexual over
tones... did they? She would never be part of such a thing
Would she?

"Do you think that you're a female in every incarna

tion?" The Orange Robe continued. "Come with me. I'll
prove it to you. You can see for yourself in the Record. You
might even manage to equalize your Drahma before it's too
late. ia
eee

Raging Eagle sat on the edge of the cliff looking down
upon the Xiudaoyuan. Gentle Mountain slowly fanned
himself with a large fan. The clouds rolled into the dis-
tance. The blue sky glowed with the power of the sun.

"Battering Ram has finished her studies in record time

Lam greatly happy with her advancement." Raging Eagle

spoke so that his feelings bled out with his words. "I'm
almost ashamed that she fell into a bout of Quiet so easily."
"Is that ‘hubris' I sense?" Gentle Mountain asked. He
saw Fall Breeze storming up the cliff's near-vertical face.
"Not ‘pride,' no. It is joy that I feel. Lam happy for her
She will have her freedom again." Raging Eagle looked
down at Fall Breeze's an

d form. "Once she can regain

her Balance within the All.
"They will both learn their lessons." Gentle Mountain
tumed to smile-at Fall Breeze as che stepped-up onto the
outcropping
"I've been talking to Battering Ram. | know that you
haven't taught me much of what she has learned. Only the
basics of Do!" Fall Bre

bling lip. "Why haven't you begun my advanced studies,

e's voice quavered over her trem-

Sensei? I've been here longer than she has! | even taught
you, once!"

Fe. EFA SUK ER

Chapter One: Above the Surface 23

‘ype ae aw OU yoor dun ayy -aures
dup pip azaaqg [es ‘PUI, WILD ayp Jo aunasog ayp pawunsse
UILIUNOPW aBPuEH ,"PIODdIy IWyseyy oy st yor adeyd
Wy? 01 NOS ayer |[IM | ‘Pur INO' aay puL UMOP 2Ig,, "NYS
ue sty poddeys ureunoyy apuag ,,
qv Woy s]99j a19y Pudtay NG "soISeUU OG] F Jo SIUTENISUOD

sdeysad ‘4jU924 001

ayy Japun you |]As are Aayp pue ‘Suons Ara age suonowa
suey Suuaneg ‘af8eq Suisey ‘paupoyauaao st ays,,
uonensny pue saBue say ureyUOD 0} payssnus ayg ‘pnoye
Suryeads ng purw soy owt Surzuryp rou Lay or Sunyyea svn
urequnoyy apuad wtp paziqear Ajuappns azoaWg |]e4
UIeIUNOW apuay premo) painasas ajseq Sursey
whos 01 BuNyer st aH "UrequNoy apuey o2 uarsry,,
4/ShOUO] pue [nyapUoOM os punos
11 dyeU pLOM apisyno ayp jo aw s]jaa Wey SuLaNEg IY?
SaUOls AY] **BUOT Os 10J UOISN]Ias UL Iday UdVAq 9A, J, "UI9I
ard ypaads Suimoy A[Mo]s s,ureUNOPy apuaH o7Ut AjIsea
ayoug azaaag [fey ,"Yonut A494 WEP OP O1 ay] P|NOw J,
(spur jo Suryury
qeaas WYI JO suleutad aYyI JO pastudwod st I JO} ‘prodady
d1Yseyy Ys JO apaymouy aya ssood" 02 MOY WALD] []IM
nox ‘ArOIstY ANO Jo a1OW Wea] Puk sp10d9I JUaTOUR ay ApNas
0} dW aAvY NOA Jr sty JO a0 WALA] [JIM NO< 49287,
"qpaBuans pur aouesnssead puay p]Nod sayro ayy ‘ured ur seam
auUO Uday A ‘pauseay [[v ‘paureay ayIoIg aU IVY "UOTE
siyBnoyp noyp Aq ayioue du o1 payuT] sareNTUT jo saquinu
ase] ‘spur jo uorun qeads B WO} 02 a[qL a% aA\,,
"80h ‘YO
{p sem a19ym MON,, "Ys aN|G ayp Onur dn payooy urEIUNOYY
apuay ,:MoUy 02 YstA NOA Jf Aros Au YstUYy aU 197,
,Buruven paztpersods yarn
94g [ed

4{SNOLMSUOIUN 9AIND9]JO9 ay? JO prvay J9A2 No

oporaavy sitp seop wy, ‘PAMOULU Saas,

davy *ad9M aM 9DUO ‘AY "$99I0} [LULDIXA Jo SurAud ayp Aq
Jue3sU! Ue UT pauUesordal aq 10U pjnoo purw UEWNY 2y2
WYP aunsua 02 sysISew Iwas papjaim pooysaypoug aup jo
amt ‘suujear quids aya puke PHOm sno Uaaatiaq asor UNL)
ays a10J9q Suo] ‘peg 10 poo' st a1 s9yayA oj se pu,
"sndoj ayp syeaiq pue purw ayp siavanj>
Jad OY] ‘AWN B Ie 9UO Wat? Year am Udy [Jam sBuryp
ypeai Ayuo ued am ing, "A[Moys JjasumrYy pouuey UreIUNOW
apuag ,2u0 IY? JO} IN ‘UMOUUN UONAID Jo apman|Nu
ajoys ayp aavay or st Suryp apsurs v aUO Year 01 10 BUC
peay OL "useay 01 NOA 20} YON aq sheamTe |] 4941,

poopayroig s1yseyy

$7


The Akashic Record

The Infinite Library: built outside of time by unknown
hands. This fabled library's volumes store the history of every-
one and everything in every timeline.

— Tom McCraw, Legion of Super-Heroes

Then I will go to the library... read the book of continuous
writing. Everything that happens here in this temple is instantly
transcribed into the book.

— Doctor Strange

Silent Orange Robes walked here and there, pulling
and returning books from their locations within the monu-
mental library. "This is it. The Akashic Record. The
history of all things." Fall Breeze's eyes looked off into the
distance but she could see only the library, continuing on
beyond sight.

"It is incredible, isn't it? Such a vast storehouse of
knowledge." Gentle Mountain's thoughts spoke within
Fall Breeze's mind once again. "Much of the information of
our prior lives is stored here. All to help us Ascend. But
then, this is only the physi-

cal manifestation of the
Record. The true Akashic
Record resides chiefly within
the minds of the Brother-
hood."

"It is not just the lives
that we lead." Raging Eagle
stood beside her. He must have

All of wood. Musty pages-

Aged as old as papet itself.

ik +A UKE

"Well, it's just the scope of it all." Gentle Mountain
signed his greeting to several passing Orange Robes who did
likewise. "I'm sorry. It fills these old bones with such energy
just to gaze upon the shelves! And to feel the link to all the
knowledge that the Record holds! Think of it..."

The shelves of books ended and a great sphere of pure
light filled the field of vision.

"Whatis this?" Fall Breeze could feel the Quintessence
running through her. Unable to stifle her excitement, she
moved as close to the light as she dared. "A great Node
within the Record?"

"This is where the physical aspect of the Record ends
and the mental aspect of it begins. This is our history. All
of us, Fall Breeze."

She stared down into the light that had no form or
substance. "How does one access it?"

"When you link into the Record, it accesses you; you
do not access it." Gentle Mountain took hold of Fall Breeze
and held her closely. "Battering Ram has fallen into it. She
has lost her Balance."

Fall Breeze pulled away
from Gentle Mountain.

"Sensei, I don't understand."

"She has entered a Quiet
within the Akashic Record.
On her own, it would take

weeks, maybe months, to find
her way out of the Record.

i ¥ She does not have the prepa-
been standing just behind the All of history through our eyes is here. me ee fig
tows of books next to Gentle Your Avatar is very strong.
Mountain and herself: "It is the az keep the order! Let it guide you."
story of sveny Avatar we have Praise those who "This isn't making any
encountered. e] hag e(

"We are very good at gath- Book upon book, shelf upon ane riraieaua pis aire

ering and storing information."

Gentle Mountain took on the

discussion and directed Fall

Breeze to walk with him. "I'm

sure that the Virtual Adepts say

otherwise, but I assure you, the
information they have had time
toaccumumate within their Tech-
nocratic computing devices is
nothing compared to the extent of
this." He swept his arms to encom-
pass the massive library.

"Didn't you always tell me not
to let hubris overcome me?" Fall
Breeze's eyes slanted, and she glared
at Gentle Mountain.

Layer upon layer,

And while there are

Who could

section upon section,
Wings, buildings, complexes.

Tt is a city unto itself.
those who know every: shelf.

The whole of this knowledge is

hold such vast knowledge?

back toward the written
tomes.

"It is Drahma. This is
what makes up our lives.
This is what you wanted,
isn'tit? An adventure into
the unknown? Into the
world that Battering Ram
has known? This will re-

veal lifetimes." Gentle
Mountain began to fade
from view. "It is all in
your mind. All of this.
All that you remember.
All that you are. Dive
into this. Save your
friend."

known by no one-

The truth is far harder to find.

Chapter One: Above the Surface 25


Chapter Two:
The Living Tome

Cord sighed and followed him in silence. A short memory
what did that mean? "You will not have the patience to stay in

contact with the pattern of events

Ah Sahm had said. "You

will see things and judge them before you know what they

mean."

Robert Weverka, Circle of Iron

The Record speaks of a time before we
were broken completely away from the Pure
Ones and the whole of the Prime. Everything
since is illusion, and in this world illusion fills
our minds.

Fall Breeze fell through it all. The infor
mation about her seemed like the water of a

rolling stream, but was light and sound in-
stead. The closer she came to a spinning rivulet, the more

she realized that all of her senses were saturated, alive. She
could feel her mind yielding in the Record's gentle guiding
paths. Concentrating, she called upon her inner strength to
hold fast to her identity as she became one with the path of

knowledge.

The Celestial Pacts

We called upon the forces of Dragon, Tiger and Phoenix to
fill the Cosmic All. We understood we were about to undertake
the Drahma and carry it until it was meant to end. It was our
Destiny to live our lives in balance and our place to maintain the
strength of emerging humanity. There was a time when many
were One; we were all One. There was only oneness until space
and time began

Everything began as a small village. From its genesis, by
thought alone, the Cosmic All began to unfold like a giant lotus
blossom opening its many petals; it floated upon the water and
stared up into the sunny sky

Then Dragon came to us, projecting
reality. Itran like water
And Dragon said, "I claim you as my children. You shall be the

self into the whole of
rushing and covering and encircling

nephews of both Tiger and Phoenix. You must remain ever

Chapter Two: The Living Tome 27

Reine PR

contemplative and wise. Hold within yourself that which is your
strength and power. This is the secret that I shall teach you."

The ground rumbled beneath the whole of our Brotherhood
that was only one being, yet many, and rose up to form a giant
T

peace and perfection," Tiger said. "I give you the right to live

the earth on which we tread; "Hear me, seekers of inner

here upon my back. You are bonded never to hurt any of my
kind. And for this boon I will give you the strength of the animals
If you mimic their actions, so shall you inherit their might. Peace
be with you, hairless ones."

Then the air became as flames, and the squawking of a great
bird rippled through the air like snapping embers. Wings beat
with a mighty thumping and the flames were replaced with a
smooth spring breeze that even now surrounds us. Phoenix
spoke: "You are an important part of mankind. I give you the
Fire of Knowledge within your mind so that you may think faster
than any man. You will be masters of the emotional fires that
plague humanity's minds — you whose bodies are just puppets
Your passions shall not be stilled — only mastered. For this gift
you will not harm the birds of the air. This you must promise to
me."

The Brotherhood bowed. The world unfolded and creation
expanded in the way that things replicate themselves. From
nothing, there was something; from something, there were
many; from many, the shards fractured until they were shards
no longer

The giant, scaly claw gripped Fall Breeze firmly and
drew her out of the coursing path of history. Her senses did
not return quickly. The spinning and arranging of the
parteravof knawle

that made up the Record distracted
her with its writhing and circling. The huge form above her
became a face that of a dragon with teeth larger than her
body. Terror mingled with exhilaration.

Do not fear me, little sliver. The sounds of crashing
waves and spring storms emerged from Dragon's mouth as

lowed into Fall Breeze's inner self: | am

their meaning

Dragon; you are part of me
Fall Bre

formed from bodies of Akashic Brothers. Their skins shone

e could see that each of Dragon's scales were

in blue and green hues; their beings glowed, for these were

their Ava

rs, stripped of flesh. Looking down at her own
aw that her own skin was bright blue. The

six hands, she
claw released her, and she stood surrounded by the immen-
sity of Dragon

Dragon spoke: The Yuga Veda and the Kasha Upanishad
speak of the succession of ages of the earth. Each Yuga is said to
be a passing communal dream within the minds of the Pure
Ones, encompassing an entire creation, history and destruction
of the world. Do you know of this?

The disciple's voice became the sound of a surging

waterfall as she began to recite: "All Yugas intersect within

the Prior Heaven, which is changeless, beyond time. The
Prior Heaven is represented many different ways, but al-
waysasa trinity; records often list the Primordial Heavenly,

the Elder Lord of Heaven who controls the past; the

28 Akashic Brotherhood


Spiritual Heavenly, the Jade Emperor who rules the present;
and the Divine Heavenly, Tao-te, also called Lord Lao,
who reigns over the future. For the Awakened, the Prior
heaven is a deeper state of being, the primal divergence of
Do into yin and yang. Extending from the Prior Heaven,
each Yuga has its own reflection, the Posterior Heaven.
This is the realm of supernal entities who determine the
shape of history for a given age. The Stone Sutra, the most
ancient chronicle of the current Yuga, identifies the Five
mythical Emperors of Asia, corresponding to the five ele-
ments, five senses, five mountains..." Her examples rolled
on for what seemed like time everlasting.
eee

Shattering

Battering Ram gripped tightly to the fur of Tiger's
back. Her mind raced; her being melted away. Only her
nts remained. She became the totality

feeling of passing e
of the Brotherhood within herself — her physical being, all
existence in this world.

Inthe early days, humanity lived within caves for fear of the
Beastmen, with whom the Tiger had promised allegiance and
whom we had promised never to harm. With Do, we battled the
creatures when we had to. Still, we held to our pact even when
the Beastmen did not. Warring without causing harm taught us
subtlety and precision.

A Beastman named Star Walker aided us and helped to
build a truce between the two races. Inreturn, we taught his kind
the root of the Balance and the ways of Dragon and Phoenix. We
gave his people a less violent way to resolve disputes. It made the
Beastmen quieter and left humanity time for development. In
thanks for our gift of peace, Star Walker in tern taught us the
virtue of keeping the tools that we crafted.

We learned to specialize our knowledge of tools, for both
peace and the hunt, by each claiming and mastering one. We
moved away from the cannibal tribes of humans and wandered
towards the land where the sun awakens each day, for it was
there that we were sure that the Pure Ones lived in peace and
harmony.

Our knowledge of our selves taught us. We built lasting
temples. Soon others learned to live together in peace and built
dwellings of their own. Even the cannibal tribes could not keep
our thoughts from permeating their own.

So began our first period of seclusion. We reveled in
cultural and intellectual pursuits. We wished only for peace and
Do ensured that our harmony would not be disturbed. Most of
humanity decided it was best to leave us alone and argue amongst
themselves...

"Lam not we. | am I." Battering Ram pulled herself
from the dense fur and Tiger smiled a toothy grin.

Was that your first mistake? Tiger's tail lashed out and
reality shattered like a broken mirror, fracturing even its
own image. The few became the many. The growling voice

of Tiger permeated the Cosmic All, and history unfolded
like a mandala before Battering Ram's unprotected psyche.

There came a time when members of what was to become
the Brotherhood quarreled amongst themselves over simple
dogma. Those working to perfect a single reality insisted on
learning how to build onto themselves from the outside; each
carried or harnessed onto his body as many tools as he could
manage. Others sought to develop the inner self and maintain
ever-changing Balance, believing that each Brother should have
only one tool and perfect its use.

As Tiger continued, Battering Ram felt her sword
within her hands and sensed the forging of the metal and
the sharpness of the blade.

A schism occurred and the two groups separated. Those
who became known as the Brotherhood choose the path of one
tool. As the Record was written, each Brother bound the Forces
Sphere within himself with a sash. Hear this, for this is how you
are different from the others — those who wish to control all but
will not master themselves.

"But almost everyone in the world wants to manipu-
late others." Overwhelmed, Battering Ram felt herself
being forced down into the mandala of history, whose
woven threads stretched out before her limited vision.

Being outnumbered should not strike fear into the heart of
one in contact with her inner self. With lashing claws Tiger
tore through the Tapestry and rushed forward through
infinite levels of concurrent existence.

eee

Dragon became less corporeal, and the air became
thick with an oppressive heat. It is my tum, Dragon. The
voice pierced through thought, and form grew in the
distance: Let me clutch her Avatar.

The Celestial Dragon's body snaked about and Fall
Breeze rushed away into nothingness. She felt her being
stripped away. Neither woman nor man, human nor insect,
earth nor sky, she fell. Talons of raging flame grabbed hold
of her remaining essence. Her sense of being slowly re-
turned as the fires of knowledge consumed her.

Thoughts and meanings drifted through the Realm of the
Celestials, those who impose order upon the spirit world. The
Jade Emperor sat upon his throne and called forward subjects
to tell him of the happenings within his domain. Each day in
the Realm is like unto ten years on earth; so it has been since
a Gauntlet like the Great Wall itself had risen between the
worlds. Still, this wall remained thin in points, and across the
land now known as Asia the wall between the possible and
impossible became blurred. It was there that Sleepers did not
succumb to the sciences, which split away from Pangu to fight
against him. Instead, they followed oneness with what is
creation — peace and violence, nurture and doom.

The Artificers traveled toward the setting sun to see
the world that was yet unexplored. Tools crafted of spirits
often malfunctioned. Since they would not operate in a
predetermined pattern repeatedly upon request, the tool-
users sought to drive that which they could not control

Chapter Two: The Living Tome 29

sat

G7

pl
: n Ra is ‘nds isoa,; > Shar Water, j
4 in ip iB Which ts ‘sing from a Progress, wich isolation by style sal fight amongse the ot Polly
in an ifes; is] ‘ its taining sely,
ss = but finds ae *SPhysicalicy = these parts inet at cycles. Thin Mig a8 a spore jobs
Peas » Strikes feo, - W Meaning. gs .
Brothe, > hoy IC £ ear in leanings j, Must
th, Wever, into o, 1D the sp en d.
y Ys fe Tucture, ‘OWn,
it Slee wl f bestia they fear wh, S Created by po? med an,
both th + link dito, followe esc; inrel, fat the Y human; \
rahmence fa ‘ ‘Ntin, 10t co, é
mu Sical worl.) 1 Via rebj, D rem; visi ; Ntrol,
zs a battle for p, eee and in the Colenntaed Severed - - symbol] of ine through ae The Realm
f iger unig. Mind ial R, ¥ the G, Ice an, - tpower;,
PR R calm, ese the ele samen Whar fe here thing wets, took ape OF spirit, "Ne belief Of the
ealm, Vif GoPE the attrip, eat Mak in thi ain inf Aspects; th
. by nite] 5 the br
Brothers et a ae of ph ot tle j 4 What do." sgt be ae Of order in
‘ay al
ck ether to f. spec; ‘ANge in th, » human
ii In ry ew Init)
iS; their ~ wor ld ae fom ; YMbolizes th 7 ah beyond."
ith both » One Pass thar Order of
Xemplifies ace of the
their k le wi entuates
I ithout the the
ther, Th
a le

The Himalayan Wars

Ancestor worship, which grew to prominence under the Shang, merged with Tibetan spiritualism to produce a profound
understanding of the Awakened Avatar. Drahma, the cycle of the soul throughout all its lifetimes, acquired new meaning.
Individual Avatars were recognized and traced. In the Drahma Sutra, the names of the most notable Avatars are traced and their
archetypal functions discussed.

Millennia ago, scholars became aware that the process seemed to accelerate within the Indian subcontinent. Missionaries
from the Temple of Inner Truth noted the high death rate in Hindu countries and speculated that the Drahmic repercussion of
shorterlife spans was the retardation of each incarnation's progress toward Ascension. Appalled by the situation, the Brotherhood
set itself the task of putting India's Drahma back into balance.

Itsoon appeared that the prevalence of death in India was the work of the Euthanatos. Seeing within the future Euthanatos
the same seeds of corruption which had ended the First Kingdom, the Brotherhood swore to obliterate the vile death mages.

The most powerful warriors of the Brotherhood assembled into special hunting teams. Whenever possible, acolytes were
hastily pushed into Awakening to meet the demand for recruits. The Brotherhood had a wide base of Sleeper support, and the
martial aspects of Do served them well; at first it seemed that the Euthanatos would easily be driven out of India.

Over time, casualties began to pile up. The Euthanatos' part in the entropic Drahma of the Cosmic All eluded the
Brotherhood. Sunstroke, disease and lack of sanitation took their toll upon the Brotherhood, just as they had plagued the Sleeper
cities of India for centuries.

The Himalayan Wars lasted from about 900 BC to 600 BC. The first hundred years of the war yielded only inconclusive
skirmishing, with many honored Brothers losing their lives in what seemed increasingly to be a futile task. Over the next hundred
years, Akashic Brothers Awakened at younger ages and with increasing frequency. Orphans spontaneously Awakened among
the mortal populace and flocked instinctively to the Akashic Brotherhood. Wise beyond their years, these Brothers quickly
distinguished themselves by displaying assurance in battle and an intuitive knowledge of the enemy which should have been
impossible for ones so young.

As the final century of the Wars shook Asian magedom to its core, those highly enlightened among the Akashic command
began to understand what was happening: the Avatars of the slain were hastening back to rejoin the fray on earth. Because mages
on both sides believed so powerfully in their souls' reincarnation, these splinters of the Prime retained their purpose across
lifetimes. Rivalries between powerful Avatars on both sides were established and contests between them played out over multiple
lifetimes.

As the Himalayan Wars drew to a close, splinter groups fell away from both the Euthanatos and the Brotherhood, the most
noted being the Ahl-i-Batin. Scholars secluded themselves toponderthe strange twists of Drahma which the Wars had uncovered
while veteran Avatars, incarnating with a thirst for battle, took to roaming the countryside for good or ill.

from this Realm. They set about reinforcing the wall that
isolated the spirit world, for the tool-users feared all Spirits

We stepped in, said Phoenix, to stop their constraint of the
Tapestry's woven pattem. High magicks were called upon and our
strength was turned against us as Phoenix and Tiger leapt simulta-
neously upon Dragon with tearing claw and champing maw. We
rushed to Dragon's side and saw it being tom asunder — into three
separate forms. Our combined strength alone held Dragon from
division, but still it cried out among the Shard Realms that composed
its being. Now bound to Dragon as the waters are to the earth, we
strive to conserve the Balance of the Cosmic All.

But the strengthening of the Gauntlet wounded Phoenix with
amadness that built a border not just within the Realms, but within
the Celestial Form itself. The aspects of Phoenix were now divided
Tiger ran out of control. Physicality and control of the environment
became paramount to all other goals of humanity

The World lost its luster. Our Record held all the dullness
of the days and nights that took lifetimes to forget. It told us of
the downfall. We should have stopped the Artificers, but perhaps
this, too, was a part of Drahma. Drahma reached out to us with
this retribution for our tampering, reminding us of the pain that
goes with sweetness

Those who frolicked with the spirits were wounded most of
all. They had held these beings so dear to them and had led their

lives in tandem. Feeling sorry for them, we gave them refuge

from the tool-users who wished to stomp them out along with all
memory of the spirits

The eldest of our numbers, Akasha, ran for time everlast-
ing, and when he came upon the greatest waterfall in all the
Realms, he called out to Dragon for forgiveness, tore out the
whole of his insides and flung them into the cascading waters
And there his body fell

The Gauntlet shuddered as Dragon raced to catch his mind.

The world trembled as Tiger sought to rise and catch the body
within his gaping maw. Lightning and thunder tore the sky as
Phoenix strained to grasp Akasha's soul with flaming talons. But
all were bound back by the Gauntlet and held into their Realms
in that which lies beyond.

Then came the time when Fall Breeze rose from the
ashes that remained. Phoenix's wings beat to a stop, and it
strode back and forth with a wobbling walk. Does it make
sense to you now? Phoenix's words rippled through reality

"We went into hiding." Fall Breeze stared forward into
nothing, her body solid and unmoving

In fact, you did. Phoenix extended its wings to stretch
and then drew them close to its body

"We hid ourselves. We were weak. The others were too
strong." Fall Breeze stumbled to a sitting position

That is not true. Phoenix moved closer. The others were
becoming a distraction. The Brotherhood knew that to Ascend
is the important thing. The Realm often preoccupies the self to
such an extent that the Avatar and the physical form never have
the time necessary to achieve oneness. Look for the Truth, and
you will find it; dwell on evil, and you will live with it

Chapter Two: The Living Tome


You can't remember back through your countless lives, can
you? Phoenix looked into Fall Breeze's being.

"No. I cannot. I can only believe that which is told me
about my prior lives." She struggled with the feeling that
her body was new to her once more.

There have been many great fires and rebirths within the
history of the Brotherhood. Phoenix began to glow with the
inner light that was knowledge. By the end of the Himalayan
Wars, the Brotherhood was forced to move the Temple of Inner
Truth into the Horizon Realm that the Temple was originally
intended to protect when the Euthanatos destroyed a section of
the Record.

"How could the Euthanatos destroy the Akashic
Record? Surely it was only within the Realm? How could
we allow this?" Fall Breeze's mind wandered. With Phoenix
present, she accessed her prior lives, and they became one
within her.

They burned down a section of the physical library, but
their worst attack ate away into the thought network that
composed the Record in its mental form. Phoenix fluttered and
settled itself on its haunches. The Euthanatos have ever had
the ability to eat away at the Truths of others.

"Then why did we ever side with them?" Fall Breeze
asked.

That, said Phoenix, is yet another tale...

eee

The Euthanatos
Problem

Tiger's form surged through time. Sinews tightened as
muscles propelled the form which encompassed nature
forward through history. "What is that?" Battering Ram
pointed down into the scrolling Tapestry of existence.

That is the Grand Convocation, where the Council of Nine
was formed. Tiger continued to rush onward. We will come
back to study those nine years soon, but we must travel onwards
now. See how quickly the battles against what would become the
Euthanatos led you to finding the other Traditions of the
Realms?

"I see it all." Battering Ram could feel the history of the
world rushing up through her form like the Flow of Prime.

Ever since that time, the Batini brethren have sought to
unify the Traditions. They share responsibility for the conver-
gence and development of the Council of Nine and for the
Brotherhood's connection with the other Traditions. We were
glad to be a part of it, but soon the others tried to drag us into the
Ascension Wars without our consent. The Simiao Zhuchi of the
lead Xiudaoyuan decided that the Brotherhood should retreat
into hermitage once again. The world was changing, filling with
greater and greater illusions. Simplicity was to be the way back
to self-awareness and, ultimately, to reunification with the Pure
Ones — not cluttering up the Realm with all forms of creation.

32 Akashic Brotherhood

Notall Brothers followed his lead, but many stepped away from
the western Traditions after the Great Betrayal...

Come back to the surface! Tiger called as its claws dug
into Battering Ram's skin and yanked her from consump-
tion within the raging torrents of passing time. Look there!
Even now the Artificers increase their hold over the Sleepers by
acts of tyranny and imposed education systems, theories and
hopelessness; the magick of the lazy man wins out over the ragged
path of inner peace. Is this how the world will end?

"No!" Battering Ram shouted. "We must fight against
it. We must act as the Ahl-i-Batin do and disguise our
teachings. We must hide from the Sleepers to perfect our
teachings, and then, when itis time, we will be able to draw
humanity forward with our knowledge of Truth and inner
peace!"

But what of death? Is that not part of the cycle? Tiger dove
down into the sprawling mantra of the Cosmic All. Batter-
ing Ram could only watch history reveal itself.

The March of Ages

Once again, centuries later, the Euthanatos plagued the
Brotherhood. Allying with the Manchurians and taking advan-
tage of an evil Chinese Court, the most extreme of their
fellowship planted a foothold firmly in the Akashic mainlands.
Hearing of the monks of Shaolin, the Euthanatos surmised that
the Brotherhood had a hand in the study of Buddhist martial arts.

Seeking the weaknesses of Shaolin Temple, the Manchu-
rian forces stumbled upon Ma Yee Fuk, a traitor to our
fellowship, in the city at the base of the mountain upon which the
Temple rests. His repeated and persistent sexual advances
toward both the wife and daughter of the Simiao Zhuchi had led
tohis banishment from the Xiudaoyuan. Hatred toward Shaolin
boiled in his heart and the Euthanatos forces were the support he
needed for his revenge. His only request was to gain possession
of both the Simiao Zhuchi's wife and daughter for his own
corrupt purposes.

With the help of other Brotherhood barabbi, masters cor-
rupted by their inner darkness, Shaolin was set afire , leaving 18
monks to escape into the surrounding forests. Of these, five
managed to survive to form a society which latter became known
by many terms — the Ming Eternal Society, the Hung Society,
the White Lotus Society, and eventually, much later, the
Triads.

Battering Ram's form rose from the spiraling paths of
knowledge, her smile blissful and radiant. You're beginning
to learn. Tiger smiled a toothy grin: Dive in again — there.
Battering Ram followed the Celestine's instructions and
her form dissolved once again within what had transpired
before, but was now.

Now she was of the Righteous Harmony Fists, battling
against the corrupters of the West, both mage and Sleeper
alike. The Chinese warriors were called the "boxers" be-
cause of their advanced pugilistic techniques; the western
Sleepers could not recognize Do for what it was. The

divided Council of Nine chose not to intervene, and the
Order of Reason called upon the Sleepers of the West to cut
down the Awakened of the East by bearing down with their
consensual might. Awakened, Battering Ram could deflect
the bullets shot at her, but her Sleeper companions fell in
droves, thinking themselves as strong of will as their leader.

Many Simiao Zhuchi met their deaths, and Xiudaoyuan
fell into the hands of Celestial Chorus mages. The
Technomancers laid claim to the Eastern world, and Bat-
tering Ram was forced with the others into hiding once
again.

Drahma repeated itself. Battering Ram detected it
within her being. Now it all made more sense. Things
occurred for a reason. Entropy did not hold sway, as the
Euthanatos may have wished; the death mages merely
worked to ensure that entropy continued its part of the
cycle.

The burning light of Phoenix surged brightly, until the
Celestine was consumed and fell into ashes, leaving Fall
Breeze alone with the light that shone within her. She
rolled back through that which had no form or substance
and concentrated upon her naval, the center of her being
that shone the brightest. Utilizing her knowledge of the
Prime, she sent what Quintessence remained within her
along the twisting paths that energized the Nodes of her
physical form.

She felt herself splitting in half. For some reason her
body divided into two hemispheres. One half split cleanly,
the layering of the physical forms with bones and skin
playing separate levels of existence. The rest mingled
together where the Node points drew Quintessence from
her Pattern and sent her mind reeling into action.

The two parts of her body fought to become one. The
thought came to her that she had to hide some of herself
from the rest of her physical form. Within these hidden
points, she could realign her stability and reconstruct
herself physically, but all inside was dark and things were
hard to discern by the light of her inner self.

From the ashes Phoenix rose with a deep, powerful
birth scream, and existence once again had color and
definition. We have often gone through this cycle! Phoenix
cried. You, I, the Brotherhood, the whole of the Tapestry.

"We have gone into hiding often, haven't we?" Fall
Breeze felt her phy:

Yes. But still your kind has held the magick of the Eastern
world alive while the mages of the West have succumbed to the
Technocracy's constant battery. But do not become full of
hubris, for even now the Technocracy plants itself into the
Akashic heartlands, growing as a weed that ever needs tending,
for its roots are deep and hard to sever completely.

| form recombining.

"Then it is time for us to do the same. We will implant
ourselves within others' psyches, in a hidden form that
cannot be discerned, and when the time is right, we will call

upon that linkage to Awaken that which has lain asleep so
long."

Yes! And through that the hidden rebirth! Phoenix
screeched into the sky. It is time to teach the teachings to those
who do not know that they are being taught.

You have held her to yourself for too long, Tiger. Dragon
swept down into Battering Ram's view,
majesty of which she was a part. For she was now a scale
upon the side of the great beast. This was why she had not
seen its form — she could not see what she was, for she
ignored her true self. Let me have a tum with her waking
consciousness, the Celestine murmured, | would tell her
more.

I will not let her go, Tiger roared so that the spirit world
shook with its thunderous voice, but I will share her with you,
if you let me carry her along the way.

So be it, Dragon growled back with steaming breath
that opened a window into the world. Through this, Batter-
ing Ram could see the horrors of the Second World War
transpiring before her. Many Scales of the Dragon leapt
into a mystick battle paralleling the struggle between
Sleepers of the Allies and Axis. Orange Robes worked to
kidnap Avatars of those on the verge of Awakening and
hammered into their psyche the goals and aspirations of the
Brotherhood as a whole. A vicious split occurred between
initiates of the Chinese and Japanese sides of the Brother-
hood, and Brother spilled Brother's blood.

As wars raged on, Drahma reincarnated Avatars from
one side of the assembled forces to the other. Soon even the
common soldier wished for enlightenment, to escape from
the endless horrific cycle. The Technocracy seized both
sides in its steel grip and vicious machines became the order
of the day. What began asa war between nations became an
Avatar forge, much like the Himalayan Wars on a larger
scale. Finally, the Eastern Brothers met and united against
the common threat, but war machines marched on, leaving
ruin in their wake. Individual wars ended, but war itself
continued.

Let's turn the tide! Howled Tiger, bringing the Akashics
out of hiding.

Send them against themselves. They are weakest before
their own attacks. Dragon coiled itself until it could con-
sume its own tail. Turn the Technocracy against themselves.
Use them to spread your beliefs.

Tiger's claws began to change. They turned into film
projectors, televisions, cassette tapes, magazines and ne:
papers. We will seize control of their media. The Technocracy
is unsuspecting. Let us attack!

Years passed by like minutes,
the Record and its lore burst to life in books films and
television shows. Hungry for mystery, western audiences
and truth-seekers clustered about the living mythology of
the martial arts. Battering Ram watched as Tiger's attack
forced the essence of the Brotherhood into the minds of

Chapter Two: The Living Tome 33

nd she saw the

ike seconds. Images from

Bene

Set]

western Sleepers through these media. Men in Black rose to
strike down several Akashic heroes, inadvertently creating

martyrs like those who have given the Celestial Chorus

power forcenturies. Games and complex simulations joined
the host of films, books and schools that spread the mys-
tique of the Brotherhood and the philosophy of Balance.
Many Sleepers latched on only to the violence of the
media, but countless others, like Battering Ram herself,
delved into the roots of the martial arts. At least, she
thought, watered-down insight is better than total blind-
ness.

Redirect the force of the enemy, and let the enemy destroy
itself! Dr:
thing. Tig
around in a great circle until Phoenix came to join in the

let out a dreadful sound that shook every-

and Dragon began to chase one another

game. They rushed around in an increasing complexity of
intertwining patterns, until they became such a blur that
they transformed into a wall of motion, color and action.
Slowly they began to form the physical plan of existence,
and a crucial point in history began to emerge

34 Akashic Brotherhood

Across the now self-defining reality, Battering Ram
caught sight of Fall Breeze. "Come here. We must go back!"
Fall Breeze called across that which formed as they gazed
into a duplicate of the Tapestry that had passed on before.

Battering Ram struggled with her thoughts. She had
not yet discovered the truth about herself and Fall Bre

More questions remained. She decided to dive even deeper
into the Record. Remembering how hard it was just to glide
along the surface of the huge mandala, she concentrated
her will to pierce into the very core of history. "You
promised me a view of the formation of the Council of
Nine!" she call
Take me there

Your wish is granted, came the voice thatran through all

out to Tiger; "I need to see those days.

things.

"No! Wait!" Fall Breeze rushed afterwards as Battering
Ram spiraled ever deeper into the Akashic Record and into
the core of her own soul

ie
4

4

Nationalism and the Akashic Brotherhood

Although their nations have traditionally been enemies, Akashic mages have come from all across Asia since the
Brotherhood's inception. The long enmities between China, Japan, Korea and Tibet have raised tensions within the
Tradition from time to time, but the all-encompassing ideal of Ascension often overrides the frailties of simple politics.

This has not always been the case; China's subjugation of Tibet remains a bitter pill lodged in the Brothers' collective
throats. The bloodbath of the Japanese occupation during World War II nearly ripped the Brotherhood apart. China's own.
invasions of Japan in the late 1200s, though nots vicious, caused rifts that have not healed to this day. Secret hatreds still
ester among the Brotherhood, beneath the civility of daily routine.

Negotiations of national disputes are often mediated in the Record itself, Every person has a story and a reason for her
ictions; by bringing warring Brothers face-to-face with their rivals' perspective, the Tradition enlightens its members about
he greater picture. When this fails to calm disputes, the Brothers are taken to dueling grounds and left to work out their
lifferences in blood or magick. Such drastic measures are rare today, buthave played an important part in the Brotherhood's
aistory throughout the last century.

Few non-Asian mages were initiated into the Brotherhood before 1900. Many eastern Brothers still regard their white
counterparts with a mixture of pity and disdain. Although the Tradition now welcomes all cultures into its fold, few
Europeans can master the ideals and disciplines of Do. Those who do earn great respect with their Asian Brothers. African

initiates have an easier time of it than European or American newcomers, but the Akashic mindset seems to work best
among those raised within its founding culture.

Chapter Two: The Living Tome

fc

SAE

35


‘Chapter Three:

=
'|

PS

The Blossom

and the Thorn

(The Council of Nine and Our
Own Search for Balance)

The personal communion that the mystic requires is often
conveniently supplied within a pantheistic concept, that is,
identifying the Deity with various forces and workings of nature
All religions are in some degree mystical. Nevertheless, mysti.
cism, because of its tendency to overthrow dogma, has frequently

come into conflict with orthodoxy

Sang Kyu Shim, "Mysticism and the Martial Arts,"

Tae Kwon Do Times

Battering Ram stopped mid-sentence
His body didn't feel right; something felt
strangely odd. The crowded room looked
toward him as he stood facing Nichiba across
the table, debating a point as the Brother-
hood so often does. "I still think we must
bring the Sleepers into play," the Weapon

less Defender said. "For all our strength, we

this

do not have the manpower to wag
battle, even if we join these ‘Traditions', which I am not
certain we will do." Nichiba drew nods of approval from the
surrounding body

"It is not our place," Battering Ram retorted, "to send
the unenlightened to their deaths. Save that for the
Study

Euthanatos." He punched the tabletop for emphasis.

your history. We must join the Council, or at least meet

with them, and see what we who know the Ways can do

together." Battering Ram swept the room with his gaze, still

disoriented by his sudden discomfort

All was still. Finally, Nichiba bowed to his Brother: "I
concede."

"Good." The Simiao Zhuchi of the Temple of Inner
and both Brothers sat

Truth signed the symbol of pee
down. "Then it is decided. Battering Ram and Cheng Sa
will go to meet this ‘Council' and bring our goodwill.
Thank you all for participating in this debate. Your part in
this will forever be remembered."

Brothers began to rise and mill out into the courtyard.

Nichiba leaned across the table toward Battering Ram:
"That line about the Euthanatos was uncalled for."

Battering Ram rose from the table to leave as Nichiba
followed. "And they call me the headstrong one! Our
purpose is to teach Balance and connection to the inner

Chapter Three: The Blossom and the Thorn

at GERM A Beas

self. I like a good fight too, but we should not sacrifice the
unenlightened needlessly."

"Sleepers play all parts. You've been talking to Fall
Breeze too much. She's made you forget about the troubles
of the earth. You focus on yourself and not on what is truly
going on around you." Nichiba looked across the courtyard
as Fall Breeze ran toward them. "I see she's come to see you
again."

Fall Breeze rushed up and grabbed hold of Battering
Ram's hand and shoulder. "I'm going to the meeting!
Darumha is going as well, but he'll be taking notes as usual.
You know how he is."

"We'll be going together, then," he said. His feelings
for his female Brother ran deeper than he would like to
admit. "Cheng Sa is going as well. | won the debate against
Nichiba." BatteringRam bowed his headslightly to Nichiba.

The Defender did likewise. "Good luck to the both of
you. It makes no difference who goes. I know that you'll
uphold our views at the Convocation. That's the important
thing. Still, | would have enjoyed the journey."

Battering Ram smiled. "Come on. I want to tell Quiet
Meadow the good news."

"L had forgotten about your mortal mate, Battering
Ram." Nichiba added knowingly. "No wonder you were so
firm in your stanc

eee

The Mages of the
Convocation

Lao-Tzu's response to the epic chaos of the warring states
was to "go with the flow." (The technical term is "wu-wei,"
non-action). Do nothing to oppose the Tao... contemplate
nature... seek a non-verbal, meditative state. Lao-Tzu's social
philosophy, if you can call it that, is that violence is wrong, and
that the best government is neither kind nor harsh, but rather
barely detectable...

— Larry Gonick, The Cartoon History of the Universe

The sun blazed from the sky like Phoenix incarnate.
Wind tore the upper layers of sand from the dunes and
whipped it at the travelers. Wrapped in layers of protective
clothing, they trudged slowly with their cargo camels
toward the west.

Fall Breeze kept silent. She knew how many Muslims
felt about women. She dressed like a man and played the
part of a mute. The others had to handle whatever commu-
nication would occur between the Akashics and the Subtle
Ones.

Darumha walked beside the fabled Wlakar Fahir, ex-
changing tales of adventure and intrigue. Despite linguistic
difficulties, each mage had taken a liking to the other upon
their initial meeting. Yet never once did Fahir drop his
facial protection to reveal his features to his new-found
friend. Such was the way of the AhL-i-Batin.

38 Akashic Brotherhood

That evening, Battering Ram and Cheng Sa played at
battle around the night campfires with the Batini warriors.
Do blended with the evasive tactics of the desert nomads
into an elaborate fury of dance. Their blades clashed and
sparks flew, but none were injured beyond the minor
scratch or bruise. All came together for the great feasting
that followed.

"Why is it that you never reveal yourselves to others if
you expect unity among the Traditions?" Cheng Sa asked.
Ofall the Brothers, the Woodcutter seemed best at the new
tongues they had to master.

"Unity is one thing; trust is another," the beweaponed
Batini replied. "Giving away your face is like giving away
your true name. It gives power to others. We wish to control
our own destiny."

"If you believe that we retreat too much from Sleeper
society," Battering Ram added, "why do you live within it
and cloak your existence from Sleeper and Awakened
alike?"

"That would be telling," came the reply. "Don't think
about what we aren't doing. Concentrate on what we are
doing. We wish to achieve Unity. That is the important
thing. No matter how we feel toward one another, we all
have a common enemy who would lock the world away
from possibilitie

selves do," said Battering Ram, "The Artificers are merely
external distractions. The greatest distractions come from
within."

"If we are to influence others," the Batini replied, "we
must be as they are. We must be indiscernible; until we,
ourselves, do not know that we are not what we pretend to
be." The leader gestured with his hands as he talked. "This
is our Path."

"Each has his own. Such is Do." Battering Ram mo-

tioned understanding.

"If life isa dance, so should one become the pattern of
steps."

Battering Ram smiled as the Batini spoke. "If life is a
he said, "I hope to be the greatest dancer of all."

dance,

The Arab mage laughed at Battering Ram's remark.
"Sirrely:we are each sides of the aame'coin. Thus we tiust
always be. For without one, how can the other exist? Both
coming and going, ever leaving and returning." Several
within the group began to play musical instruments and the

Batini leader broke intoa dance: "Come and join us, and let

s both have our way!"

priest rolled back the cuff of his large sleeves. "Or should I
call you Jiu Ling?"

"Either is fine." Fall Breeze stared at the crowds. Their

as so different from the fashions of her home

country. The strange words rattled in her throat.


The priest continued: "We of the Celestial Chorus
understand that you as a people have not developed to the
state where you understand that we are all only shards of the
One. It is our duty to reform that which has been torn
asunder." He gestured strength and unity with his hands
and arms

"Our beliefs are similar, but | do not find that one

teaching can be above or below another." Fall Breeze noted

the mass of Euthanatos mages making their way across the

grassy hillside below. The days of feuding between the two

groups might end if the Convocation went as planned
"While we seek to perfect the Self, you seek to perfect the
All. Both are paths to the same end. For in perfection are
we not part of the Cosmic All? Balance is the key. That is
why we bring with us both sides of humanity, both the
peaceful and warlike, the accepting and the repelling."
"Yes, then you understand why the Traditions must
come together as one." He reached out his hand toward Fall

Breeze, who accepted it with her own. "I can count on your
vote to bring the Traditions together then? Thank you very
much for taking the time to talk to me."

eee

"IT have been told to deliver this to you." Cheng Sa

tossed the wooden backpack onto the table top before the
brass key from a string

dervish seer. Battering Ram pulle¢

around his neck and unlocked the small padlock

The leader of the Ecstatics licked his lips as he reached
forward to open its doors. The aroma of the opium rolled
forth from its packaging in thick waves blown by the wind

"We of the Brotherhood hope for your cooperation in

the formation of the Council of Nine and we value your

insight into its future." Cheng Sa sat down at the roughly
hewn wooden table. His boots ground into the soft earth of
the floor

The
laden opium into a
Akashic mages, who politely refused. The swarthy man

der placed a fair amount of the Quintessence
aceful hookah and offered it to the

shrugged and deeply breathed the hookah'scontents."What
misuse of proper breathing," Battering Ram exclaimed in
his native tongue. Cheng Sa elbowed him into silence
Presently, the leader refilled the bowl and passed it to his
fellow E

cstatics.

"The Council will be formed." The leader's eyes rolled
back up into his head. Magick was thick around him and
the Tapestry rippled with his thoughts. "I can see it.
Discord will rock our fellowship to its foundations and the
Wars will be bitter and long-lasting, but the Council will
stand so long as unity prevails."

"Thank you, far-sighted friend," Cheng Sa replied.
in soon." With a quick signal, he rose

e will speak ¢
and left the room with Battering Ram following close

behind

"We are going to these... degenerates... for help?"

Battering Ram had to step faster to keep up with the

cA
dy
a

7)
\

~

ysSa>

Chapter Three: The Blossom and the Thorn 39

woodsman's long strides. "What can they offer us besides
hindrance?"

Cheng Sa turned to walk into the Inn where they were
They are powerful in their own right. Ask Fall
She can explain it to you. If you understand her, you

staying.
Bre
can understand them."

"But they have nothing in common."
"Not true. They have much in common. And you, my
friend, are blind if you have not seen it."

eee

Fall Bre

drumming. The flowers and feathers of the dancers brought

had to smile at the life projected by the

patterns of swirling colors to her eyes. Darumha sat beside
the group of drummers before pulling out his writing
utensils and blank scrolls.

One of the dark-skinned mages approached Fall Breeze,
politely offering her an exotic flower. Youthful muscles and
oddly beautiful scars and markings rippled in the firelight
"Of those we meet here," he said in his musical tongue, "we
find most in common with your people. Please accept this
gift from one who is glad to have met you." Fall Breeze,
though unfamiliar with his words, understood their mean-
ing. With a mental touch, a smile and a nod, she thanked
him.

40 Akashic Brotherhood

"[ really like these people," she murmured as he walked
to join the dance. "Their Avatars are pure. They seek

the truth of the inner self much as we do." She smelled the

scent of the flower she had been given. It had a rich, full

aroma, much like those grown within the gardens of many
a Xiudaoyuan.

"There is much we can learn from them," Darumha
agreed. "I'm reminded of the Yogi of our own Brotherhood.
These dream-mystics fascinate me, the dark ones and
lighter ones both. A shame to see them forced together into
one single group to satisfy the whims of the western mages."
As he spoke, Darumha painted the scene before them in
broad yet economical strokes.

"I argued against it," Battering Ram added, sitting
beside them, "but I'm afraid that our ‘hosts' give our own so-
called ‘Tradition' barely more respect than they showed our
tribal friends." The twinge of jealousy he felt for Fall
Breeze's attention colored his words with sarcasm. She,
oblivious, watched as the young Dreamspeaker leapt high
into the night sky, his body contorting like the flames
behind him.

Slowly the area in the center of the circling dancers
began to open into the spirit world. Images from deep
within the Umbra began to spill to life before the awestruck
eyes of the Brothers. The dancers swirled apart and a joyful
dance began as the Gauntlet rippled shut.

"Beautiful..." Fall Breeze whispered. The others had to
agree; Darumha painted frantically, working to capture the
fleeting spectacle. Battering Ram merely sat mute beside
his comrades as the young dancer gestured to Fall Breeze to
join them. Pleased, she sat up, then glanced to her Brothers.
"Should I? I'm not sure."

Darumha shrugged, but Battering Ram spoke up; "If
you wish to, then go, and enjoy the dance." He made the
sign for peace as she glided towards the fire and the young
dancer. As she cast aside her shoes and spun in time with
the thundering beat, Darumha peered sidelong at Battering
Ram.

"That couldn't have been easy for you."

"Many things in this life are not easy," he replied. The
acceptance in his voice hid the anger which raged within.
eee

As Darumha and Fall Breeze rounded a bend, they
encountered a group of Euthanatos sharpening their blades
by the riverside. The death mages rose quickly, wiping their
knives and swords clean with their black cloaks.

Battering Ram and Cheng Sa were there almost as
quickly. Cheng Sa spun his massive axe about in his hands
and Battering Ram drew his mystick blade; the glare of the
Kemian shot into the eyes of the Euthanatos leader.

The dark mage's hand shot up to block the blinding
light. "Stop! Sheath your weapons. We are under a bond of
truce; our war is suspended!" The other Euthanatos did so,
but grudgingly. One shouted "Be glad that we are here to
side against a common enemy! When they have been
defeated, nothing will stop me from helping you to your
next incarnation!"

"Well spoken," quipped Darumha. "I shall have to
record that in my report to our Simiao Zhuchi. You at least

understand that the Artificers are the greater enemy."

"Of course we understand. That's why we're here. I just
want to make it clear that your kind isn't worthy of the
Good Death. I sentence you to death by life, for you steal
power from Death." The Euthanatos leader folded his arms
across his chest and turned his back. His followers followed
suit.

"Our allies," Cheng Sa mused. "There may never be
peace between us."

eee

"Look, it makes sense." Alexandre DuMonte gestured
over the pile of books that lay open upon the table. His
Mandarin was good for a westerner. "If we organize a strong
unit of our Council's best fighters, we can crush the seats of
the Artificer's power." Fall Breeze only nodded politely.
The Hermetic mage leaned back in his seat and surveyed
Fall Breeze's dress and appearance.

"You had this same discussion with the others from our
delegation," she replied.

"Perhaps you can convince them better than I." He
closed several of his books and stacked them neatly on the
table.

"I can agree with your basic premise," she replied. "We
do need to target the key locations of power. But I do not
see your Order's place in this attack."

"Wouldn'ta planned strike by the Order be much more
effective that a frontal assault?" Darumha added. "Surely
the Ahl-i-Batin could help you more than we would be able
to..."

"I told you," said the Solificato Dimitri. "They're
worthless. Why are you even talking to them?"

Fall Breeze grimaced. The Hermetic mage glared at the
Solificato alchemist. Dimitri turned away. "I apologize,"
said DuMonte, "for my companion's manners."

"Itisnot your place to apologize for him," said Darumha.

"What of the Batini?" Fall Breeze added, ignoring the
alchemist's disdainful sneer. "Those I have met are great
warriors.

"The Batini are too elusive. I'll give them credit where
credit is due, but they are only an information network.
They are not true warriors." DuMonte signed his appren-
tice to gather up his books. "Our Houses would coordinate
the details of the attack, holding your ground with powerful
elemental strikes." The French magus leaned forward; "We
would win."

Fall Breeze shook her head. "You still do not under-
stand just what we are fighting. The forces against us are not
merely hard-headed wizards. The world is changing about
us; the spirits, the animals... The unenlightened and en-
lightened alike sense the differences. No mere battle can
stem the tide of Drahma, my friend. We must fight a war of
spirit, not of body."

"So why are you here, wise woman from the East?"
Dimitri sneered. "If purity alone will overturn the Order of
Reason, why did your people journey here and waste our
time and yours?"

She smiled grimly at his disrespect; it was not the first
she'd encountered. "Wars are fought on many levels, Mon-
sieur Dimitri. We came here to fight if necessary, but more
importantly, we came to forge ties with others of our
enlightened kind. The final outcome of this ‘Ascension
War' will be decided not ona battlefield, but in the will and
desires of mankind."

DuMonte stared at her: "Rubbish! You have been
listening to those Moorish Cultists again! Opium-smoking
rabble... I would have thought better of you, my lady."

"lam sorry to disappoint you." Her tone did not sound
at all sorry.

Dimitri snorted and left the room. DuMonte pulled a
chart from the pile before them. "As I said, this tower is a
noted stronghold of the Cabal of Pure Thought. Now if you
were to strike here, here and here while House Tytalus

brought down a curtain of fire..."

Chapter Three: The Blossom and the Thorn 41

~
BS
-|

»~

"Paradox," said Darumha. The Hermetic mage ignored
him and Fall Breeze sighed. This Convocation seemed tobe

"The Akashics regard you highly?" The woman was
dressed to accentuate her form, and her hair fell red and
wild to the small of her back. She scanned Battering Ram
and Nichiba with her catlike gaze. The Weaponless De-
fender locked her eyes with his own.

Fall Breeze spoke up in French: "We have been chosen,
as surely you were, to best explain and understand the
different sides of this Ascension War, as the mages of these
lands call it."

The woman's gaze turned to Fall Breeze. "I meant no
disrespect. You should know by now what men expect of
women. I am sure it is not too dissimilar in your country.

"What is your opinion of this binding of Traditions:
Battering Ram asked as Darumha transcribed their words.

"What abouta trade forknowledge?" She spoke slowly.
"[ hear that some of your kind are well versed in herbalism.
Are there herbs sacred to your Tradition?"

Nichiba interjected, "There are many who know of
herbs and plants. I have heard that your people specialize in
this. | am also somewhat familiar with stories of your
physical fighting prowess. | was wondering if these... tal-
ents were magickally augmented."

She smiled languorously. "I assume that yours are. But
to answer your question, we can augment all abilities of the
flesh." Her face softened and the air filled with a delicate
agrance. "Surely you wish to partake of the fruit that is
mine to give. Our way accentuates the pleasures of life and
the enjoyment of its cycles. You have studied too long how
to inflict pain. Let me help you to release the tension that
you hold so tightly within yourself...

"When you're through playing, I'll be outside!" Fall
Breeze snapped in Cantonese as she spun and walked out.
Battering Ram shrugged and turned to go as well. A soft
hand touched his shoulder.

"Don't go," said the fire

haired mage.

"L only have room in my heart for one."

"And which one is that, Battering Ram?" the Verbena's
eyes read past his calm facade. "Your mate or your compan-
ion?"

"Myself." With that, he turned to go.

Into the third year of the Grand Convocation, the
debates raged on. For the most part, these struggles of
semantics and rhetoric ended in yelling matches, bruised
egos and sometimes worse. For this reason, Fall Breeze and
Battering Ram lobbied the central organizing council for
the right to debate the issue of purpose and intervention
with each other before the full body of the assembled
Traditions.

42 Akashic Brotherhood

"Who has the right to decide the fate of another?" Fall
Breeze opened the debate. "The Artificers wish to impose
their will upon us. Will we not assume their position as the
creators of shackling dogma if we beat them down with
excessive force? It is our Path — and as it has always been
— to Ascend ourselves. Our Ascension leads the world
onward. Forcing ‘Sleepers' into imposed patterns of order is
not our way."

Battering Ram allowed a reasonable pause for the
audience to savor her words before he began: "Can any
among us argue against the necessity of this Council,
formed for the mutual protection of all?" Dull murmurs
arose from those gathered. "The world robbed of wonder,
which the Order of Reason would impose, is a threat not
only to we enlightened few, but to the spirits of this world
and the others! Even in our lands, the Celestial Court
writhes behind a wall of faithlessness and terror. The
Artificers and their kin have done this. The only way to
stop their tyranny is with force." The murmur swelled to a
rumbling of debate within the crowded hall.

"How can you advocate violence?" Fall Breeze began
her questioning. "You cannot achieve inner peace and a
connection with yourself if you actively attack others."

"I do not seek to find myself until | have destroyed my
enemy." Battering Ram glared around into the crowd. "If
they Ascend, they take humanity with them. I say, stop
them from Ascension! They seclude themselves in towers
chinigs upon the masse:

while their allies force their te;

Strike their hidden lairs and drive those against true magicks
from the Realm." Battering Ram waited a moment before
returning his questions toward Fall Breeze. "How else will
you stop the Artificers and their ilk from destroying our
teachings? How will peace and understanding survive ina
world of constant rush and greed?"

"Once people have been exposed to the Artificers'
ways long enough, they must surely realize that they are
being manipulated by an evil force." Fall Breeze looked into
the eyes of the combined masses. "Who wishes to toil their
lives in labor for an emotionless lord whose face is a
mathematical equation? Fighting to stop another's Ascen-
sion helps put a stop to all Ascension. Someday the time
will come when the science of the Order will turn back
upon itself. Until that day, we should take care not to
unbalance our selves. | do not advocate lying down and
dying, but we must concentrate on the perfection of our art,

not on the destruction of the works created by others."

"They seek to destroy our way of life; thus, they seek to
kill us. There will come a time when our reincarnating
Avatars will have nothing to return to but the structured
dogma of the Artificers' dry existence." Battering Ram
glared out into the crowd. "Without an end to this, now,
forever, we risk becoming trapped in a world where no
possibilities exist but the Artificers' own! This is what we
lose in passivity and isolation."

"Those who seek Ascension will always find us." Fall
"Even in our

Breeze cut in to Battering Ram's speech
isolation, many Sleepers and Awakened alike make their
way toour Xiudaoyuan... excuse me... our‘Chantries'. .. to
achieve Balance and a connection to the Cosmic All. We
only have our martial might to defend ourselves, not to
crush anyone who stands in our way." She met his gaze

That was the way of the Himalayan Wars. Study your

history."
"There you are wrong." Battering Ram turned to look
into Fall Breeze's eyes for the first time since the debate
began. For some reason, he found himself caught in her
beauty and fierce intelligence. Her face, lips and eyes
seemed to call to him with a seductive lure. He shook his
head to drive the creeping thoughts from his mind. "Those
who stand in the way of our Ascension must be removed!
When a snake is stepped on, does it not strike back? Yet we

are like a single snake upon the road that waits to be
trampled by an approaching army of footsteps."

"We can't bite every foot that comes to crush us. We
do not have the numbers necessary to destroy them. Re-

member the wasted souls of the Himalayan Wars. Think of

the Drahmic repercussions caused by the vast incarnations
slain and recycled through the Cosmic All." Fall Breeze felt
a sudden draw toward Battering Ram as well. She turned
toward the crowd and suddenly spotted a man who broke

the rules of the Grand Convocation, drawing upon the
powers of magick in the meeting chamber

As the man shot to his feet, a ball of light around his
midsection sucked the power of the sun out of the room and
directed it down his arm, focusing into a searing bolt of fire
aimed at Fall Bre

Battering Ram hurtled into her and
drove her out into the crowd of assembled mages as the
oratory stage exploded in flames

Battering Ram's weight held Fall Breeze pinned to the
they were so close
's. Both felt

their affection ignite like the podium behind them

floor. Their faces almost touched

as their eyes locked tightly into one anothe

It was good to be alive.
eee

"You're stuck in the Akashic Record." The eyes of Fall
Breeze spoke into the mind of Battering Ram

"What are you talking about? | just saved your life."
Battering Ram could only see her eyes:

"We're locked in history. You've got to wake up. We
are within the combined minds of all the members of the
Brotherhood. We aren't really here."

Desire and confusion washed over the younger mage.
"I'm feeling sick. Am I your lover?"

"What are you talking abouty" Fall Breeze began to
achieve a physical form once again. Her mental connec-
tion to Battering Ram began to fade

Chapter Three: The Blossom and the Thorn 2B

s
Jy
ea a

WZ]
\

4

Akashic Brotherhood

"[ have to go deeper into the Record to find out.
"No. You have tocome out. Alll that passed between us
went by in past lives. This life is what is important now. You

must come back." Fall Breeze concentrated to lock Batter-

ing Ram's mind purposefully on returning to the Realm

Enough time had been spent in the Record. Fall
Breeze's Avatar latched straining onto Battering Ram's,
hurling her out of the waking dream which is the Akashic
Record

eee

Battering Ram began to feel her physical form once
again. She struggled against the urge to slap away the hand
that circled her waist and gripped her bosom, the tongue
that lapped at her ear, and the icy cold steel that seemed to
hiss as it rested against her neck

"I'm finally going to have Fall Breeze for myself!"
Battering Ram couldn't place the familiar voice even as it
spoke with a voice so close that hot breath lapped at the
side of her face. Something deeply evil and dark filled her
thoughts. A cloud of viciousness threatened to close in
upon her and rip the soul from her being, as some would
pick a flower for display

She moved so quickly that she didn't even realize what
she had done. The wrist bearing the knife was within her
hand, and she twisted free to throw her captor to the
ground. Battering Ram's eyes, lit from a fire within, tore
through layers of reality to reveal to her the Avatar of the
woman she held pinned to the ground

"Ma Yee Fuk," she gasped, "Your transgressions against

the Brotherhood can never be forgiven!" Battering Ram's

fist lashed out, rocking the Nephandus' head sideways.

"Forgiven?" the woman blurted out can never

ve you! You and your mother had me kicked out of

forg!
Shaolin." The woman's hand came up ina claw attack, but
Battering Ram wedged her elbow into the woman's palm
"How could you have told Darumha? I loved both of you
I'll love you forever!"

The woman struggled to summon magicks to escape
but Battering Ram pummeled her relentlessly even as her
body went limp and her bones crackled. Tears welled from
Battering Ram's eyes as she struck again and again

tushed

"Battering Ram! That's enough!" Fall Bre:

into the room and ran up beside her friend. "Stop hitting
her. She's
"He... she

wracked her, tortured her Avatar. She began muttering in

lead."

1..." It was all too much. Confusion

Spanish, panting and weeping.
Fall Breeze gently pulled Battering Ram from the

motionless body on the floor. "Calm down. You've been
through so much in sucha short time. Everything will be all
right."

Gentle Mountain stood beside them. "I'm sorry. We
didn't know. We can't keep track of everyone all the time.
Ma Yee Fuk has troubled the Brotherhood through many a

lifetime. It will not happen again.'

Raging Eagle threw the body over his shoulder. "We
will brand her Avatar with the traitor's sigil before it passes
on. She'll never be able to do this to you again."

"Why hasn't this been done before?" demanded Fall
Bre

We've never been able to catch her. She has never
attacked so openly before. Drahma has caught up with her;
pethapsshe couldn't constrain her lustand rage any longer."

Battering Ram shuddered and struggled to her feet
"How can we be reincarnated time and time again like
this?" she wailed, "Not knowing if we're going to be male or
female, good or evil?" She punched the wall so hard that
stone chips flew. Her hand remained unharmed.

s Gentle Mountain's own hand rested on her shoul-

der, she felt a wave of calming peace pass through her.
our Avatars advance, we gain the ability to influence our
next life; the place where we are born, our new sex
sometimes even the individual family that we are born into.
But, as for good or evil, that is truly the question."

"It is each person's Drahma to live their lives through
certain events," Raging Eagle added. "How one reacts to
those events is the important thing.

"This is our Path to Ascension — to learn from each
life and perfect our magick and our selves through each

cycle. The lessons are endless and ever-changing

"And many lessons take lifetimes to learn."

Chapter Three: The Blossom and the Thorn

45

4s

Ss


Chapter Four:
From the

Record

(Templates)

Donot be overly concerned by external matters. Strengthen

your fundamental spirit and act in such a way as to not reveal

the depths of your spirit to others

Miyamoto Musashi, The Book of Five Rings (Mizu

No Maki)

Many among the Traditions make the
mistake of believing that any Asian mag!

they meet hails from the Brotherhood, or
conversely, that all Akashic Brothers are
Chinese. This misconception amuses the
Brothers; although the group has its roots in
the far east, the Tradition's membership spans

all races, genders and nationalities.

There was a time not so long ago when
the secrets of Do were known only to the eastern initiates
With westward expansions and trade routes, however, the
ideals of the Brotherhood passed among Awakened Ones
across the world. This last century has seen the Brothers'
most rapid growth; the glamour and power of the eastern
martial arts have brought their philosophies of discipline
and balance to multitudes. Now, in the critical years of the
Ascension Wars, the ranks of the Brotherhood swell with
new acolytes and Awakened (or reborn) Avatars. This
bodes well for the Tradition

Akashic mages from the east tend to be more subtle
than their western counterparts, relying more on Mind
magick and physical refinement than on flashy Effects.
Nevertheless, all Brotherhood mystics know various levels
of Do. This art makes any Brothera formidable fighter. (See
The Book of Shadows for complete rules about Do.)

Avatars often return to Akashic past lives, rejoining
the Tradition for greater enlightenment and perfection
These mages deeply believe in their philosophies and
pattern theirtacticsand behavior upon them. A character's
Avatar Essence guides his Sect, his overall concept, and
often his chosen Style of Do. This does not mean that
Akashic mages fall neatly into four categories — each mage

is, of course, an individual. Nevertheless, Essence means

more to the Akashics than to any other Tradition

The following templates are suitable for beginning
characters, Storyteller allies or player guidance. These
classic types show only a fraction of the Tradition's diver-
sity

Chapter Four: From the Record 47

hard. When you regained consciousness,
the Orange Robes of the Tibetan
Xiudaoyuan began their expla-

nations and teachings. The
woman wasamong them; she

The
Superhero:
Scale of the
Dragon

During my studies in the
East I'dheard alot about Tao-
ism. They said its practitioners
were magicians — alchemists
—men of power who could read
the future.

Those were secrets | wanted
to know.

— DC Comics,
Batman: Legends of the
Dark Knight

Quote: I hope that
you've learned your les-
son, pal. Justice will find the
Balance, and the long arm of Righteous-
ness will reach out and seize hold of
every evildoer!

taught you what you know.
And with that knowl-
edge, you became the
superhero that you were
destined to become.
Concept: Now
that you know what
magick is, you've be-
come a superhero!
Why not? Isn't
that what you're
supposed to do?
Protect hu-
manity?
Guide them
to Ascen-
sion?
Doesn't ev-
eryone want

to be a super-
Prelude: You fantasized as

akid that you were the hero of
every comic you read. In col-

hero?
Roleplaying
Hints: Jump

lege, you took all the classes
around a_ lot.

that might help you become a
superhero. After graduation,
you managed to swing a well-
paying job and
superhero gear.

Strike poses.
Speak very: dra-
mascecrn [Ly «
Exaggerate. Help
those in need, even if

up money for

It was a lot tougher than you
thought. Covering up the busted
ribs wasn't so hard, but the bruises
you got on the side of your face
when that one thug caught you
with the chain... youdoubted your

it gets you into trouble
(especially if it gets you
into trouble)! Paradox?
Just another villain in a

funny costume to beat the
bejezuz out of.

Magick: Your magicks
usually turn out vulgar. You
can never understand why.
Shouldn't the cape and the
utility belt convince ev-

boss bought the story about the
skiing accident.

Then one day you found a
lead on the occultists behind a
string of harsh mutilations that
had been in the papers for weeks.
When the window shattered and
you soared down into their ranks,
the helpless woman they had
bound before them broke free.
Then reality began tospin. One
of them motioned at you, us-
ing what must have been vile
black magicks. You passed out,
but not before seeing him fall,

eryone that you have
"superpowers?" If you toss a
shiny ball or something against
the wall, you can justify a lot of
coincidences, but your acrobatics are
a bit wild for most Sleepers to accept.
Equipment: Utility belt filled
with gear, mask, costume with bullet-
proof chest piece (class two armor),
collapsible weapons including a staff.

fo

48 Akashic Brotherhood

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical Social
Strength _ Tough @e0e@e@e@0 = Charisma @e@e@00
Dexterity @e@@00 = = Manipulation @@000
Stamina e@e@0o 3 Appearance _ @@@O0O

Abilities

Talents Skills
Alertness. @0000 Drive @0000
AthleticsGymnastico @@@@O Etiquette SEs! © 010,80)
Awareness ____ ~~ OOOOO Firearms __OO0000
Do @000 Leadership @@000
Dodge ___ @e@000 Meditation @0000
Expression__ OO000O- Melee _OOO00O0
Intuition _OOOOO - Research 00000
Intimidation ___@@@OO Stealth _ @@000
Streetwise. @0000 Survival OO000
Subterfuge _____O0000 __ Technology @0000

BROTHERHOOD

MAGE: The Ascension™
Essence: Questing
Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Bravo

Correspondence __OQOOOO
Entropy____ OO0000
Forces ___ ®®000

Other Traits

Acrobatics __ @@OOO
Akashic Signs __ @QQ00
—_—_—_——_———— 00000
OO000O0
IDO OOO
—____—_—_——.:00000
Backgrounds
Allies @@000
Avatar_______ @@@O0O
Destiny __ @Q000
OO0000
OO0000
OO0000

Abiliti

Spheres
Life @@000
Mind @0000
Matter__ @®0000
Arete
@e@eo0000000
Willpower

@eee0e00000
QOOOOOOOOU

Quintessence

yO AQ

n <

oc
Paradox

Attributes ===

Concept: Superhero
Sect: Scales of the Dragon
Cabal:

Mental

Perception @@000
Intelligence @0000
Wits —__®@@00

Knowledges

Computer. @0000
Cosmology____OOO00O0
Culture ____®®000
Enigmas__OOO000
Investigation @@000
Law OOOO
Linguistics ___-~SMS 00000
Medicine OO0O00O0
Occult OO0000
Science @0000

7 Advantages ad

Prime OO00O0
Spirit OO0000
Time OOO00O0
Health
Bruised OU
Hurt 10
Injured -l1U
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated i)

Experience

Study Points


The Mystic:
Reincarnated Yogi

He's a hypnotist
A hypnotist of ladies

ever had a pocket watch
Never counting backwards
You're getting sleepy.

Very sleepy.

— They Might Be Giants, "Hypnotist of Ladies"

Quote: Yes, this house is haunted. I know what must

be done to put this wandering spirit to rest

Prelude: You got into horror books when you

were young. This led you to start checking out the
spirit world that supposedly lay hidden just beyond
"normal" sight. No luck. It was starting to look like the
world was dull and mundane.

Dabbling in the occult gave you a reputation
People pushed themselves on you. They wanted to
know about the future, ghosts and magic, but you
couldn't help them. Then one spirit decided to help
you. Qi Lee Hin opened your eyes to the worlds
beyond; whether she did so out of favor or spite is

something you've never quite figured out. She led
you to the Akashic Brotherhood, however, so you
figure you owe her something.

The Brotherhood remembered you. They
taught you all the things you'd thought you had
forgotten. With your aptitude with the spirit worlds,

you form a valuable member of your cabal.

Concept: Trained to interact with the spirits

of the Umbra, you have many contacts in the

Otherworlds. You have often wondered if you

should have been initiated by the Dreamspeakers
instead.

Roleplaying Hints: Be very noncommittal in all your

talk and actions. Take credit or say that you know the reason

for every eerie thing that goes on. Start sentences and then
stop them abruptly; slowly search the surroundings with your
eye:

and say, "This is not the time or place to discuss such
matters."

Magick: You are highly skilled in the Sphere of Spirit.
With this knowledge comes your ability to fight against the evils
of the spirit world. You hav

so learned to access the Sphere of
Time in order to look into events that took place in other times.
Equipment: Clothing with pockets, flash powder, sticks of

incense, "exorcism" gad,

, a walkman tape deck with a cassette

of spooky noises.

°

Player:
Chronicle:

8 Akashic!

BROTHERHOOD

MAGE: The Ascension™
Essence: Dynamic
Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Visionary

Concept: Mystic
Sect: Yogi
Cabal:

Attributes .nnessesnene

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000-) Charisma @e@e@00 Perception @ee0e0
Dexterity @@000 = Manipulation eeee@0 Intelligence @@000
Stamina @@000 = Appearance ee@00 (Wits e@@000
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Drive OOO00O = Computer OO0000
Athletics, Etiquette O0000 = Cosmology. @ee@00
Awareness Firearms OQO0000 Culture OO00O0
Do Leadership. OOO0O00 _ Enigmas @ee@e@00
Dodge Meditation @@@00 Investigation OO00O0
Expression Melee OO000 Law OO0000
Intuition @@000 Research OOOOO Linguistics OOO00O
Intimidation OQOOOO - Stealth @0000_ = Medicine OOO00O0
Streetwise OOOOO - Survival @0000 Occult @e0e0e0
Subterfuge OQO0000N _ Technology OQOOOO _ Science OO0000
‘ Advantages Sd
Spheres
Correspondence __OOOOO Life OQOOOO Prime OO0000
Entropy. OO000 Mind @@000 Spirit @@ee@00
Forces OQOO0O0 Matter. OQOOOO Time @0000
Other Tra\ Arete Health
Akashic Signs @@000 @@@0000000 Bruised OU
Astrology @@000 Willpower Hurt 10
High Ritual @0000 @00ee8@00000 Injured 10
Hypnotism e0000 OOOOOO0U0U00 Wounded 20
Spirit Lore @0000 Quintessence Mauled 20
00000 au Crippled aon
; > Yo Incapacitated a
Backgrounds 5 ° Experience
Allies. @0000 qa a
Avatar @e@000 ° 4 0
Dream @@000 A L .
00000 "a ¢ < Study Points
00000 Soc
00000 Paradox

~ Attribytes: 7,

Abilities: 1

5 Bas
ee


a)

we

yt

‘il =a

j

f

Was it days or weeks? Eventually you reached a

Street Tough:
Reincarnated
Blue Skin

As they dragged him away, Rorschach

strange building. The people seemed to be priests
of some sort. They invited you in, and before
Jong you were learning about the Drahma and the
Cosmic All; somehow it all seemed strangely
familiar

spoke to the other inmates. He said The dojang was comfortable. Too

None of you understand. I'm noe comfortable. A normal life was not

locked up in here with you. You're your lot, and you soon left
locked up in here with me." Enlightened or not, the

— Alan Moore and Dave back alleys are your

~ home, even now
Gibbons, V ome, even nc

‘atchmen
Concept:

Quote: You can lear a lot :
You've lived on the

about life from what you find thrown

streets your whole
away or abandoned on the street y ‘

life. You know ev-
A person's trash says plenty about fe A

. | of the alleys,
him. Outhere, things don' tget in ery inch of the alley

sewers and roof tops.
'y

their outdated products, you

the way of a person's inner self WI f
hen stores throw aw

We are what we are, each and

every one of us

L are waiting. Life has made you
Prelude: You were or

ane' when: tough, but your Avatar has always
yhaned en you were
sane ‘Thefacery 4 been tougher. After all, money
‘oung. The foster homes and

Hilden': ehrale I gets in the way of enlightenment
children's shelters only

Roleplaying Hints: Take everything
useful

served to drive you into

; ever be without a weapon or
the streets. You ran away r

5 EOE Stes Bad outside easy reach of one. If you are
hungry, find the nearest food and eat
it. Money isa dirty thing to you; either

spend it or give it away as soon as you

learned to live your life

on the run. The harshness
of the environment and your
survival instincts hammere
your Avatar into shape. Think
ing came naturally to you. As

get it

Magick: Your command of
Prime gives you access to the very

you matured, the patterns of the power of the All. With your knowl

world began to make sense, and edge of Matter, you can alter

anything into what you need

you formulated your own
Equipment: Boots, rain coat,
kris, .45 pistol, backpack, stale

doughnuts, attitude

thoughts about creation and en
lightenment

One day you felt an irresist-
ible urge. You traveled out of

the city and into the country.

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical

BROTHERHOOD
MAGE: The Ascension™
Essence: Primordial

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Loner

Social
Strength @@@00 3 Charisma _@0000
Dexterity _ ee@@00 ) Manipulation _ @@000
Stamina Hardy __ @@@@O = Appearance @@00
Abilities
Talents Skills
Alertness. @@000 Drive _ OO00O0
Athletics_ @e@@00 3 Etiquette OOO00O
Awareness OOOOCO | Firearms ____ @@000
Do. @@000 Leadership. OOO00O
Dodge @@000 Meditation _ OOO00O0
Expression. OOO0O Melee __@@@00
Intuition _O00000 _ Research__ OO0000
Intimidation Stealth _ @@000
Streetwise. Survival @0000
Subterfuge _—O00000 _ Technology OOO00O0
Spheres
Correspondence __OOOO0O Lite ___O00000
Entropy_ OO000 Mind @®0000
Forces _ OOO0O Matter____———s ®®000
Other Traits Arete
Akashic Signs ____s @@OOO @@@e@0000000
First Aid @0000 Willpower
Scrounging @@eeee@00000
—_ nates JA4UUUOUOOUOUOO
00000 Quintessence
00000 >84g
Backgrounds < "o
avatar @ee@00 a) o
Destiny ____ @@000 a) "
— 00000 ey y
00000 ono
00000 oc
- O0OOOO

Paradox
5 Ba ir
proaed

Concept: Street Tough
Sect: Blue Skins
Cabal:

Mental

Perception
Intelligence

Wits

Knowledges

Computer. 00000
Cosmology____ 00000
Culture @@000
Enigmas___—SS SW OO0O000
Investigation OO000O0
Law __®O0000
Linguistics ____~SS OO0O00O0
Medicine OOO00O0
Occult OO0O000
Science 00000

r Advantages a eh Ld

Prime @e@e@00
Spirit 00000
Time OO000O0
Health
Bruised OU
Hurt 10
Injured -l1Q
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated 5]

Experience

Study Points


a)

Nao

Movie Sfar:
Scale of the Dragon

You have mastered the arts of combat, Elektra, yet you know no peace

There is a place where men... have achieved a true and total peace of spirit
But it cannot be found unless you wander without direction, without
hope... until, searching without seeking you find it
Frank Miller, Daredevil

Quote: Martial arts are easy once you get started. They
teach you discipline and give you a sense of self worth. Martial
arts have done a lot for me. I'll never give them up

Prelude: You lived in a tough neighborhood. Your
brothers began studying the martial arts when they were
young, and they taught them to you. The arts, in turn,
taught you self respect. The kids in the neighborhood left
you and your brothers alone. By the time you were out of
high school, you were bringing home trophies right and
left. You became so skilled that you opened a small gym
and started teaching. You even fought in the ring when
opportunities arose

Then the movie people came around, promising
you stardom. A few films later, you were a star of sorts.
They tried to tell you how to punch and kick, though,
and you knew they were wrong. Then they started

your contract around, telling you that you had

waving
better get with the program. Little secrets of your youth
were brought up. Things got nasty

‘That's when ‘the janitor came/over and. gently per

dito

suaded them to rip up your contract. He even manag
get them to pull out all the dirt they had gathered. You

burned it all in disgust

It wasn't until you had stormed off the set and taken off
in your Porsche at 1 10 mph that you remembered the janitor
You never thanked him! What a minute... a janitor? Yc

screeched toa halt, and there, standing by the side of the road,
was the janitor. But he didn't look like a janitor. His build was all
wrong. Suddenly his face was familiar as well. Hadn't he died while he
was making a movie?

Concept: You can fight for a living or get a television series if you
work at it. You believe that everyone should feel self-confident; in your
vision of Ascension, everyone can getalong and live a good, peaceful life

Roleplaying Hints: Hold yourself straight and tall. Treat others with
the honor and respect that they deserve as human beings

Magick: When it comes to combat you have two great weapons on
your side — the Spheres of Mind and Forces. Talk to people when you
don't want to fight them, and clobber those who deserve a lesson

Equipment: Your favorite weapon, Fifth Dan black belt, comfortable
street clothes that allow freedom of movement, steel-toed shoes, a couple of
hidden weapons.

54 Akashic Brotherhood

BROTHERHOOD
MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Essence: Questing Concept: Movie Star
Player: Nature: Traditionalist Sect: Scales of the Dragon
Chronicle: Demeanor: Bon Vivant Cabal:
romceemcnnomcnn A TTTIDUTES se
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000-) Charisma @@000 Perception @@000
Dexterity Flashy @@ = Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina @00 = 3 Appearance Hunk ee3eeo§ Wits @@000
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness_____ @@000 Drive @@000-~ = Computer @0000
Athletics __ @@@@0 Etiquette @@@00 = Cosmology. OO0000
Awareness _OO00O0 Firearms OOO00O0 Culture @e@e@00
a @@000 Leadership @0000 - Enigmas OO0000
Dodge _@@000 = Meditation @@000 Investigation OOO00O
Expression__ @ee@00 Melee @@000 Law OOO00O0
Intuition =~ OOOOO © Research OOO00O0 Linguistics OO0000
Intimidation @@000 Stealth O0000 Medicine @0000
Streetwise —_@O000 Survival OQO0000 Occult OO00O0
Subterfuge _ 00000 © Technology OOO0O0O0 Science 00000
Advantages FET TET
Spheres
Correspondence __@OOOO Life OOO00O Prime @0000
Entropy —O00000_ Mind @@000 Spirit 00000
Forces @@000 3 Matter OOO00O Time OO00O0
Other Traits Arete Health
__igceso @@®00000000 _ Bruised oa
— 90000 Willpower Hurt 1Q
_ 00000 ©0©00000000 Injured -1Q
90000 4OQO00000000 Wounded 202
: cz Mauled 2Q
— 00000 Quintessence ‘ 5a
—________— 00000 34 Crippled eon
& > Yo Incapacitated a)
Backgrounds 5 © Experience
Avatar 4 v
Infl 4 fs
A fa
Aa < Study Points
Tae <

Paradox

Bagkgrgunds:

Freebie Po 15

[4/2/1)

y

Dancer:
Reincarnated
Orange Robe

But who's to know the power

Behind our moves?

— Kate Bush, "Strange Phenomena"

Quote: When I dance, I lose myself;
I am at one with the Flow and my
music is Drahma itself

Prelude: When you were
young, you felt compelled to
leap intodance spontaneously

for dance came from trace

Whirling about and leaping
memories of Do training in

through the air made you
y previous lives. Your joyful

feel alive. Over the years,
dance makes life worth living.

your love for dance made Youwancochersce Lnewhawit
ou want others to know ho

your body strong. You en-
feels to follow the music that sets

rolled in professional dance
your heart free

training and focused your

Roleplaying Hints: Persuad
mind as well. Eventually, La ha ilere
other characters into going places where

youbecame lead dancerfora
you Can dace' Seek out the primal beaury
troupe, and your dreams be

allaround you, show it to others, and kick t
came reality. dl yc o others, and kick the

crap out of anyone who treats creation with
One day you were
disrespect

Ma

through your need to both show emotion

approached by a woman
ick: Your magicks developed

who told you of a greater

dance, one that would
and project your feelings through dance
teach you to harness the
It was very easy to adapt Do into your
raw energy of the world :
, dancing techniques. Correspon

around you. You could do more
dence keeps you in tune with your

than entertain people you

space and Mind helps show oth

could help them rise above the grind
ers what you see:

of everyday life and live more freely in

the process. She showed you the dance Equipment: A portable
that had already been yours for lifetimes CD player with several CDs
That day, you joined the Akashic Brother of dance music, tights, a
hood couple of candy bars, com

fortable dancing shoes,

Concept: Your Avatar has been near

Awakening most of your life. Your yearning

Woe

dance company.

56 Akashic Brotherhood

Akastic rr

BROTHERHOOD
- MAGE: The Ascension™
Nar ne: Essence: Pattern Concept: Dancer
Player: Nature: Vigionary Sect: Orange Robe
Chronicle: Demeanor: Bon Vivant Cabal:
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000 Charisma @@000 Perception @@000

e0ecee = intelligence @@000

Dexterity

@00 = Manipulations:

Stamina @00)= Appearance e@e@00o Wits @@000
Abilities
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @0000 Drive OOO00O Computer. OOO00O0
Athletics @e@@00 = Etiquette OO0000 Cosmology OO0000
Awareness OOO0O0O Firearms OO00O Culture @e@e@00
Do. @@000 Leadership. OO00O Enigmas OO000O0
Dodge @@000 = Meditation @@000 Investigation OO00O0
Expression. @@e@00 Melee. @ee@00 Law OO000O0
Intuition @0000 Research OQO000O Linguistics _____OO0000
Intimidation OOOOCO - Stealth @0000~ Medicine @0000
Streetwise. OQOOCOO Survival OO0000 Occult O0000
Subterfuge OOO0ON Technology OOOOO Science OO0000
Advantages a ed
Spheres
Correspondence __@OOOO Life OOOOO Prime @@000
Entropy. OQO0000§ Mind __ @@@00 Spirit OO000O0
Forces OO0000 Matter. ______900000 Time 00000
Other Traits Arete. Health
Akashic Signs @0000 @@@0000000 | Bruised ou
Dariee=—_____ Ye) Willpower Hurt AQ
High Ritual @ee00 @©0©000800000 Injured 14
00000 SYOOO000000 Wounded 20
00000 Quintessence Mauled 20
00000 30 Crippled 50
. > Yo Incapacitated QO
Backgrounds e © Experience
Allies @@000 .a e
Avatar OOO 4 ct
Destiny @0000 A £ . ;
Influence @0000 a < < Study Points
00000 One
00000 Paradox

_ Attributes: 7/5/3. Abilit 5 Spheres; 5 Backgrgunds:.7 Freebie Po
be rt be



Appendix:
Scrolls of the

Brotherhoo

(Systems)

Instead, they are the waves of an ocean in storm

clashing, and drowning one another's fury
storm, channeling its force into the ranks of chaos
ing their numbers into self-imposed barriers

lightning strikes

And I become the
transform
striking as the

Marvel Comics, The Hands of Shang-Chi, Master of

Kung Fu

Sects of the
Akashic Brotherhood

aN The teachings of the Brotherhood di

vide specialization in the nine Spheres of
G conventional magick among four Sects, each
with a different Style of Do. These Sects
follow the general inclination of their mem:
bers' Avatar Essences; such striving reflects
the goal of the eternal Self and must be
respected. All Brothers learn the basics of
the Sphere of Mind before beginning Sect
studies; Sect Lingxiu understand the basic principles of the
Life, Matter and Prime Spheres but reserve these teachings
for advanced studies.

Sects cross-train students who show exceptional abil
ity and acceptance of the Brotherhood's ways, but not until

the individual has mastered the basics of his own Sect's
style (i.e., he or she has attained three dots in that Sect's

chosen Spheres)

Orange Robes (Pattern)

This Sect comprises the majority of the Brotherhood
and controls the actions within the Xiudaoyuan. Orange
Robes study Drahma, the inner self, and the Cosmic All in
order to maintain the Balance and progress the Realm
toward Ascension through quiet, contemplative study
They specialize in the teachings of the Mind Sphere while
learning the Spheres of Force and Entropy. Their Do tends
to be internal, meditative and focused upon the conserva
tion of motion. Utilize your enemy' strengths and weaknesses
to defeat him

Appendix: Scrolls of the Brotherhood 59

60

Akashic Brotherhood

Scales of the Dragon
(Questing)

Protection of Sleepers and Awakened alike holds
priority among the Scales, the most bellicose Sect. This
Sect holds the Correspondence Sphere in high regard, as it
allows them to avoid unnecessary conflicts. The Spheres of
Force and Entropy increase the Brother's ability to deliver
death to an opponent if combat is unavoidable. Dragon's
Scale Do training functions externally and relies upon
strikes and complex katas. Skirt your foe if you can; destroy

him utterly if you cannot

Yogi (Dynamic)

The Yogi finds fruit through pious austerity and gener
ous actions. Spirit magick is most important to this Sect; it
allows the Yogi to battle the forces that would control the
Realm from beyond the Gauntlet, while befriending those
spirits who would see the worlds rejoined in harmony. The
cyclic nature of existence reveals the Drahmic aspects of
the Cosmic All; for this reason, the Yogi also learn to
manipulate the Time Sphere. The Realms of Life and Spirit
rely upon each other for existence; surely we can bridge the

chasm and speak to those of both worlds

Blue Skins (PrimordiaD

A Blue Skin's destiny is to Ascend through truth,
peace and connection to her inner self. This Sect helps a
student to harden both mortal form and Avatar through
rigorous searching, testing and concentration. The Prime
Sphere enables the Sect to link directly into the flow of
Quintessence. With this knowledge comes the ability to
link into the Spheres of both Matter and Life

Blue Skins do a majority of their training in isolation
in order to achieve Ascension. Though the Brotherhood
teaches that society should not be ignored for its place in
the Balance, Blue Skins place Ascension of the individual
above the Ascension of society as a whole. The sword honed
to ultimate sharpness cuts cleanly through all barriers. Such a
sword, however, must be polished with care and handled with

reverence, lest it break or cut its owner

Magicks of the
Brotherhood

The physical world is a shared illusion. When a person
becomes one with her inner self, she begins to understand
that reality is not as stern and solid as it once appeared. Her
thoughts and actions begin to slowly manifest in the world
about her. People act differently, thoughts about situations
affect her as they happen, and warning visions appear in
dreams.

Like their Tradition brethren, the Akashic mages have
a particular belief in a "tenth Sphere," a final piece in the

cosmic puzzle that holds the secret of mass Ascension. The

Brotherhood, also like its fellow Traditions, has yet to
unlock the mysteries of this theoretical Sphere's use or to
convince other mages that it even exists. This Sphere,
called Drahma, is a combination of destiny, cosmic will,
personal achievement and the recognition of all these
elements into a unified and harmonious whole. Though
often spoken of, the Drahma Sphere remains an enigma
that only the Celestial comprehend.

In Akashic teachings, it is the will of the mind and the
power of the inner self, in harmony with the will of the
universe, that ultimately allow a Brother to perform magicks.
Over the centuries, however, basic concep!
delineated in order to adv
magick study:

Correspondence — The Self as the Cosmic All

The Scales of the Dragon believe that they are a
microcosmic aspect of the macrocosm. Therefore, they can
relate to the totality of the Cosmic All through under-
standing their physical form. Through the practice of Do,
the Dragon's Scales learn to harness this link to project
their senses or their forms to other locations.

have been
rly stages of

ance those in the

Entropy — The Flaws of Structure

Everything in the world is composed of pieces on
smaller and smaller levels. Where these pieces meet, the
structure is weak. This is where things will break if they are
dropped or struck by an act of Do. For this reason, the
Akashic Brotherhood has learned to sense these faults
within the things around them. Once these flaws become
known, anything can be broken down into its component
parts on every level of reality.

Forces — Riding and Manipulating the Flow

All changes in reality are caused by disbalance.
Disbalance causes the Flow to rush from one part of reality
to another; this creates ripples and directs currents within
the Flow. In the physical world, disbalance of the Flow

s the Forces.

manifests

One who follows the motion of the Flow can add the
Flow within himself to the Flow of the Cosmic All. The
greater the Flow, the better chance one has to succeed. One
who learns to detect the Flow's aspects within the physical
world can redirect that Flow by guiding it through or
around his own Pattern.

Life — The Mind is the Body's Master

Just as the world is illusion, so too is the body. Illusions
exist within the mind. Thus, the mind has power to
influence all illusions if it is strong enough. Focus within
the mind projects the image into the physical world. In the
early stages of training, this projection can take on the form
of physical activity by one's self or others, but in the
advanced ranks the will alone is enough to bring about a

response.

A Brother learns to manipulate himself before advane-
ing; this includes control ov in, rapid healing of the
body, manipulation of the physical form, and projection of
appearance. Eventually the student learns that his illusion

er

is his body, both seen and projected, and that it is all ea
mutable by the will of the mind.

Matter — Manipulating the Cosmic Image

Just as the mind controls the body and life, so it can
shape the world surrounding it. (See the Sphere of Life,
above)

Mind — All Minds as One Mind

The Worldisan illusion within our mind, so we cannot
see what is truly happening. As we are all shards of the
Prime, each mind is only a piece of the collective uncon-
scious of humanity. Even though we are separate, we are
still pieces of the whole. We can influence our own illu-
sions by setting up reinforcements of our beliefs within our
minds. With a strong will, one begins to s
of others and to project her thoughts into them. On an
elementary level, thought projection can be done verbally
With practice, a student can learn to project thoughts into
the minds of others silently and effortlessly. With intense
concentration, the will of one individual can completely
overtake that of a weaker being.

Prime — The Flow

The Blue Skin Sensei teach thatan underlying current
runs through all things. It is the Weave of the Pattern, the
Path of the Thread. One who follows the Flow finds life
r. One who learns to manipulate the Flow has true

nse the thoughts

eas
power overall things, for it is this Flow that gives things life
and e

Spirit — The Celestial Realms

The Yogi believe that the aspects of the Realm are
shadows of a greater plane known as the Celestial Realm.
Composed of a structure that has remained virtually un-
changed over the centuries, the Celestial Realm is one of
formality and structure. Itis ruled by a Celestial Court with
the Jade Emperor at its head and populated by a multitude
ter and lesser deities, each of whom has powers over

tence.

of grea
certain aspects of physical existence. These deities some-
times come to the aid of men if they are called. (See The
Book of Madness for more details on the Umbral Courts.)

Time — Now Makes Tomorrow and Yesterday

The Yogi learned long ago how to access the Akashic
Record, linking their beings into the currents of Prime that
flow forward and backwards through existence. Things
done now influence not only the future but the past as well.
By utilizing the power of their minds, the Brothers are able
to extrapolate on current and future events by what has.
gone before.

Brotherhood Foci

The Akashic teachings historically define the foci that
every practitioner utilizes for magicks. Within these defini-
tions, however, there are variables for each Brother's Path.
Do holds major importance as both a focus and a Skill. It
encompasses in itself a multitude of possibilities. Every
student in the end has his or her own Do, a reflection of how

Appendix: Scrolls of the Brotherhood 61

d

V\

#2

the Brother manipulates reality (see The Book of Shadows
for rules about Do).

A variety of alternate foci and acts of Do are listed
below to help individualize characters of the Brotherhood.
Acharacter might very well access the first level ofa Sphere
with one Do act and a different level of that same Sphere
with another. Magick papers are specially prepared dia-
grams and koans, written on red paper and eaten. Such
papers are not usually Talismans in and of themselves, but
allow Akashic mages (and their acolytes) to focus their will
through mystick connotations.

Correspondence

Intense meditation, motions of the arms and positions
of the hands, large jars, blindfolds, places dark enough to
hide shadows, running, gems placed over the "third eye."

Entropy

Targeting "weak points," clearing the mind of extrane-
ous thoughts, shaving the head, kiai, Drahmic chants.

Forces

Meditation on one's center, kiai, fist wrappings, smooth
wave-like motions of the arms and legs, spinning motions,
jumping off of things.

Life

Melee skill, sacred weapons, undisturbed meditation,
pressure points, kiai, acupuncture needles, burning in-
cense, strikes with the limbs, intense meditation, eating or
smoking of certain herbs, prayer beads.

Matter

Melee skill, kiai, holding things within the hands,
reaching into concealing robes, reaching behind the back,
focusing the will.

Mind

Focusing one's will, Do strikes to the "third eye," Do
hand motions, staring into the subject's eyes, calm speeches,
logical discussion, small dolls, magick papers, prayer beads.

Prime

Meditation, repeated motions, closing one's
peating chants, tattoos, sacred headbands, k
beads.

Spirit

Ritual baths, application of special oils, abstinence
from sex, purity of mind and body, magick papers, sitting
postures, eating certain foods, fly whisks, fans with designs
of the Phoenix, statues of the spirits with whom the mage
wishes to communicate, wooden sword.

eyes, re-
prayer

Time

Stomping patterns, deep meditation, preparatory kata,
secret herbal mixtures, magick papers, repeated quick breath-
ing.

62 Akashic Brotherhood

General Purpose Rotes

Below are examples of rotes commonly taught to
Brothers in story form. They are meant to be lessons in the
constructions of one's own magicks.

Long-range Eyes (** Time, ¢* Correspondence, *
Mind)

In order to spy on his enemies, Pang Xiao employed the
powers of the Celestial personae of Long-range Eyes. With
this gift, Pang Xiao was able to look at any imaginable

location and extrapolate backwards and forwards from that
moment in time to determine what was presently going on,
what had gone before, and what would happen next in that
location.

[The character may trace a time span or follow a given
target. Additional successes determine the depth of detail
revealed.]

Sure Footing (*** Matter, ¢* Prime)

Vu Zhang's girlfriend, Glowing Orchid, had been
captured by the wizard Yu Fong. Knowing that Yu Fong's
mountain Chantry was ble only by one narrow
walkway, Vu Zhang was sure that Yu Fong would be ready
to destroy anyone stupid enough to cross it. Thinking
quickly, Zhang employed his spear to assure Sure Footing
as he ran up the near-vertical cliff face behind the structure
and onto its roof.

[The Doist alters matter into a form that he can travel
over normally. This does not alter the appearance of the
matter or transcend the laws of gravity; the Effect merely
changes the surface's structure and composition.]

Rotes for the Ascension War

I sense seven men who follow a dark path. They seek other-
worldly power for selfish and destructive purposes... Perhaps it
is time for one who seeks the light to cross his path into theirs

— Brad Parker, "White Lotus," Tales of the Kung-fu
Warriors

Term: h as "ninja" and "mau shong" have often
been applied m
posed of Dragon Scales who focus solely upon the Ascension

takenly to a mythical fellowship com-

Wars; the fellowship's true name is unknown. The rotes of
this cabal are taught to those who wish to battle in the
Ascension Wars,
who would learn these rotes must often pas
combats, initiations and tests to prove their worthine:

if one can find the fellowship atall. Mages

some rigorous

ind

dedication.

Flash-bomb Stunt (¢¢ Forces)

A method of blinding opponents for purposes of attack
and ev:
area into a pinpoint and places it where it will impair an
opponent's vision — usually directly in front of his eyes.

asion, this rote concentrates all the light from an

[The Sphere of Forces concentrates all light in an area
into a point selected by the mage. This lasts for only a

moment, but the lack of illumination and the intense light
focused at its nexus point cause temporary blindness to
anyone in the Effect area. Recovery takes a number of
rounds equal to 6 - Stamina.]

Smoke-bomb Trick (¢* Matter, ¢* Prime)

The Brother conjures a huge cloud of thick smoke that
blocks vision. A simple eggshell or tiny grenade makes this
Effect coincidental

[The Sphere of Matter fills an area with a thick black
smoke that not only blocks vision but irritates the surface
of the eyes as well. The number of successes on the magick
roll indicates the number of turns that the smoke retains its
blinding effect before dissipating.]

Summon Weapon (*® Correspondence, * Mind, or
°° Matter, ¢* Prime, * Mind)

In the ancient days of the Brotherhood, monks learned
to summon their chosen sacred weapon, often a unique
focus. If that weapon was within view, it would auromati

cally appear within the practitioner's hand. If the weapon

was not within range of sight or close travel, a Pattern copy
of the weapon would appear in the Brother's hand (though
this latter copy could not function as a unique focus)
[The mage instantaneously causes a weapon to appear
in her hands. If it is a dedicated weapon, the energy of
Correspondence moves the weapon to the practitioner. If
the weapon is merely "formed," the energy of Prime and
Matter forms, shapes and gives material structure to the
weapon. Such weapons are often inferior and break on
botched rolls. This rote is usually vulgar, but can be ex
plained by bounces, handy companions (who must be in
place before the rote begins), ricochets, or in highly mysti

cal places, as innate mastery of the martial arts.]

Do Rotes

These rotes utilize Quintessence through execution of

certain Do maneuvers. Doists must use these required
maneuvers to perform the magickal Effects. See Books
Three and Four of The Book of §

Focus of the Blow (¢ Force, * Mind)

hadows for more details.

Required Maneuver: Punch, Kick, Flying Kick or
Throw

Thundering Spring River Sparrow had a hard time
teaching Do to his older students. Thus, when his students
were first Awakened, he immediately taught them this rote
in order to perfect their execution of Do. With this rote, the
Doist can feel when a technique is performed correctly by
detecting the amount of kinetic energy generated

[The Doist's damage difficulty is lowered by one per
success through this rote. This teacher can judge a
maneuver's success by touch when this rote is employed

during the duration of the magick.]

Appendix: Scrolls of the Brotherhood 63

d

ee
1

2

Bax

fetid) ht Bow ya

Spirit Wounder (¢¢¢ Spirit)

Required Maneuver: Punch, Kick or Throw

From the earliest days of the Brotherhood, Yogi have
perfected the art of becoming one with the spirit world.
With this rote, Akashic mages may use their Do against the
less cooperative members of the Umbral communities.
Stylists who would contend with the ephemeral ones are
fall on empty air.

lost without such magicks; their blow

[Spirit magick grants the Doist an attunement with
Umbral beings; through it, she may grasp or strike non-

materialized ephemera. Damage is inflicted normally,
though most spirits cannot soak it. A Brother with such
abilities is granted fear and respect in the spirit world —and
is often singled out as a greater threat than the average
The Book of Madness for more details on
Umbral combat.]

mage. Se

Repeating Blow (¢¢ ¢ Forces
* Mind, ¢* Prime)

Req

Ah Mu created the Repeating Blow to shatter boul-
ders and crack cliff 's. Meant only as an exercise in
concentration, Ah Mu never intended this rote to be the
method of attack that it has blossomed into. Still, it has
s of Brothers skilled

#¢¢ Correspondence,

red Maneuver: Punch or Kick

become one of the most popular ai
enough to use it.

[At the beginning of a Do maneuver, the mage acti-
vates this rote. As the first blow is about to land, the Doist
retracts the blow, returning to his original position; the
blow's kinetic force is then redirected within his Pattern.
The Doist may repeat this process multiple time:

[The Brother rolls each turn he wishes to redirect his
force. The difficulty goes up by one for every turn past the
first for as long as he chooses to continue (+1 the second
turn, +2 the third, etc.). A failed roll will strike the surface,
doing normal damage and dispersing all stored kinetic
energy from the Doist's body. A botch reflects a misstruck
blow, inflicting full damage against both the stylist and the
target. If the mage's rolls continue to be successful, he may
final titanic blow.
dds a
multiple to the Effect damage (one = none, two = success
x1 levels of damage, three = x2 levels, four = x3, five = x4)
The character adds an additional level of damage to hi
total for every success above the fifth. The incredible
e (up to 20 levels
with five successes!) isawfully vulgar. Brothers who use this

release all of the stored energy in

[Each success scored, up to a maximum of five

amount of damage this rote can gene

rote in the material world risk Paradox if they choose to
inflict such damage, and may only roll up to three dice ata

time in any case. Suce are still cumulative, however,

anda Doist with a high Arete is quite dangerous to material
objects in the Umbrae.
[Storytellers should note that moving targets are al-

most impossible to use this rote against; it is most effective

when used on boulders, walls, parked vehicles and such.]

64 Akashic Brotherhood

Kemian (Talismans)

The Brotherhood makes a habit of turning dedicated,
unique foci into Kemian (Talismans) amplified by the use
of ancient rotes. Brothers travel to Horizon Realm
Xiudaoyuan and give one of their dedicated foci, usually a
sash or weapon, to a specific Sensei of that Xiudaoyuan.
The focus is then charged with powerful magicks and
transformed by reweaving the Tapestry.

Over a series of years, this process can be repeated,
increasing one magickal attribute of the Kemian at a time.
Brothers tend to mix the powers between their two physical
foci. Because of the Kemian attunement, both of the
Brother's dedicated Talismans must be present for their
magicks to work, even if the Brother is no longer forced to
use one of them to work her personal magicks. On the plus
side, a unique focus transformed into Kemian works for the
owner alone.

Magick Sword Coin

Arete 3, Quintessence 12

Employed in the Ascension Wars for centuries against
the Nephandi and demon hordes (and, to a lesser degree,
against vampires), this Kemian has the ability to allow a
mage to fight without using her normal senses. The coin's
second ability generates an extremely bright beam of light.
The coin is usually attached to a straight sword's tassels.

[The Coin's first function activates a Spatial Percep-
tions Effect. Its second Effect uses Forces ** to blind a
single opponent until it can make a successful Stamina roll
versus difficulty 7. This roll may be made once per round;
botches indicate the number of rounds that the target must
wait before it can roll again to clear its vision. The glare
from the Coin is still so bright compared to its surroundings
that the target's difficulty rolls are increased by 2 (not to
exceed 10) on all rolls except for non-perception related
mental rolls (general thinking or understanding) and at-
tack rolls versus the Coin itself, which are decreased by 1.

[These Effects use one point of Quintessence per turn;
the beam of light is vulgar magick.]

eee Limitless Bow

Arete 5, Quintessence 20

Once this Talisman is activated, arrows will continue
to materialize, loaded onto the bow and ready to fire until
the magick dissipates or the user removes an arrow from the
bow without firing it. This Talisman may also function as
a normal bow.

[This Talisman, once activated, will continue to func-
tion until the duration of the magick is complete. Roll as
usual (difficulty 5) and check the duration chart. When the
duration is complete, all arrows shot from the bow dema-
terialize. (See below for bow statistics.)

[If the mage takes an arrow from the bowstring, the
duration ends immediately, but that arrow will not dissolve


as the others did. In the future, the mage may load this

arrow into the bow and gain a-1 difficulty on to activate the

Kemian.]

Familiars of the
Akashic Brotherhood

It was said that an old master had a pet cricket, and that it

watched over him as he slept in his secluded hermitage. One day

nan came to learn Do from the master

Seeing the cricket, he snatched it up to demonstrate his great
speed and awesome perception. In the act, he accidentally killed

the crick

The old man just laughed, "That was my oldest and truest

And with that, he died
Nichiba, the Weaponless Defender

Throughout the ages, the Akashic Brotherhood has

friend."

taught that one should focus upon the inner self for the
channeling of all magicks. This hasn't stopped countless
Brothers from linking with certain creatures in a mystickal
way which benefits both. Such "familiars" are rarely magickal
beings; instead, they bond for life to their mages, becoming
exceptionally loyal and intelligent animal companions

Some exist as living foci, while others simply accompany

the Brother everywhere she goes, communicating with a
mystic bond similar to limited telepathy

Such familiars can be bought as one or two point
creatures without special abilities beyond this mental link
The intelligence of an animal familiar is roughly that of a
dim human, but tempered with instinct and a non-human
perspective. The telepathic bond allows mage and com
panion to speak to each other without words. Long-range
conversations would require the usual Mind magicks

Each Sect of the Akashic Brotherhood has developed
1 philosophy concerning familiars; these lessons are re
vealed only to those who approach their Sensei about such
matters

Orange Robe Familiars

The quiet life of an Orange Robe leaves little room for
the keeping of what the Sleepers would term "pets." For this
reason, most Orange Robes seeking familiars look to small
animals or insects. Crickets and praying mantises have
been the insects of choice for centuries upon end.

Dragon's Scale Familiars

Scales of the Dragon tend to ally themselves with large
animals. Tigers, bears, lions and even giant alligators have
been known to come to Dragon's Scales seeking familiars.
The stern nature of the Scales often balances out when
such creatures come to them in the form of infant animals

Appendix: Scrolls of the Brotherhood 65

TH

that must be nurtured and cared for. These companions
require many years to become formidable allies.

Yogi Familiars

Familiars drawn to Yogi often have Umbral ties; some
Yogi actually link with minor Umbrood and animal spirits
(Gafflings or normal mystick familiars). These companions
often grant their mages obscure spirit lore and an under-
standing of the worlds beyond.

Blue Skin Familiars

Blue Skins are not drawn to Familiars; such stylists
need no distractions as they chart their pathway to Ascen-
sion.

Hand signs

Over the centuries, the Brotherhood has created a
complex system of hand signals for silent communication.
These hand signs are highly secretive; revealing the "trans-
lation" of any given sign to non-Akashics is a punishable
offense and considered treason against the Brotherhood.

There are over 1080 hand signs in use. Examples
include: "Act like you don't know me," "Act like you don't
like me," "Ask no questions," "Follow me," "Help me,"
"Hide fast," "Act like we're fighting," "I'm being followed,"
"I'm marked for death," "I need food," "Others are coming
this way," "That is our enemy," "Be at peace," and "You are
being followed."

The Book of Shadows offers the Sign Language
Knowledge in Book One. At the end of basic Do training,
initiates learn the secret hand signs — one dot of Sign
Language (Akashic). Any Brother wishing to have contact
with other members of the Brotherhood should purchase
this Knowledge.

Weapon Difficulty Damage
Bow 8 3
Butterfly Knife 5 Str. + 1 or 2
Kukri 5 Str. +3
Gim 5 Str. +3
*Hook Sword 6 Str. +3
Kampilan 6 Str. +4
Katana 6 Str. +5
Kris 5 Str. +3
*Manrikigusari 8 Str. + 1
*Meteor Hammer 8 Str. + 4
Monk's Spade 7 Str. +3
*Nunchaku 7 Str. +1
Sai 7 Str. +1
Tanto 4 Str.+1
*Urumi qi Str. +3
*Wind and Fire Wheels 6 Str. + 3

66 Akashic Brotherhood

Special Weapons

The East is known for its exotic weaponry. While
Akashic mages usually work best with swords, many em-
brace other instruments of death not covered in the Mage
tulebook.

Some of these weapons — nunchaku, bows, sai — are
well-known enough to require no definition. More exotic
weapons are described below. Weapons marked with a *
require at least three dots in Melee to use properly.

To disarm an opponent with a specialty weapon, roll a
resisted Dexterity roll after a successful hit. If the Brother
scores three or more successes, the weapon is ripped from
the opponent's hand.

Butterfly Knife — 1) A knife built so that the handle
separates into two parts that can be folded to cover the
blade. Also called a balisong. 2) Short hacking swords built
with a hook to catch the hafts of pole-arms and staves.
Often wielded in pairs, they can be used for blocking
attacks.

Kukri — A hooked fighting knife with a 12" blade,
originating in India. It is used as both a hand-held weapon
and a throwing knife.

Gim — A Chinese straight sword, usually balanced by
a tassel weighted with a coin. Used primarily for stabbing,
but sometimes for slashing attacks. Mostly used singly, they
can be wielded in pairs as well. The sword's blade is thin and
very flexible. Used as an internal weapon.

Hook Swords — The ends of these swords turn back
down in a ‘u' shape before coming to a point. A crescent
moon shaped blade is attached in front of the handle, while
the butt of the hilt ends ina small stabbing blade. They are
usually used in pairs.

Conceal _—_ Notes

N 90" range, Rate 1/Turn

Por]

J

T.

N Can Disarm

J

D

J

T Can Disarm or Grapple a target with difficulty 9 strike
ae Extra reach

N

J

J Can Disarm or reduce armor rating by 1
J Reduce armor by |

J Extra reach

T. Can Disarm

Kampilan — A hacking sword of the Philippines. The
backside of the blade is the only sharpened edge, though
the point of this edge is also barbed.

Kris
Philippines. Similar weapons appear in India and Thailand
as well.

— A blade with a wavy blade utilized in the

Manrikigusari — A fighting chain, from six to eight
feet long, with a fist-sized weight on each end. Some have
a hook on one end instead.

Meteor Hammer — A heavy weight attached toa rope
or chain; used for swinging and throwing attacks.

Monk's Spade — A tool utilized within monasteries
for gardening, but also used as a weapon. One end is
sharpened and shovel-like. The other end is a blade in the
shape of a crescent moon with sharpened teeth on its inner
edge.

Tanto — A Japanese fighting knife with a point
designed to pierce armor.

Urumi — A spring or whip sword of Indian origin.
Usually about five feet in length, it can be worn as a belt.
The blade is coiled and strikes out with a whipping motion.

Wind and Fire Wheels — Small fighting rings with
jagged protrusions used to catch weapons and cause damage
to opponents. Often utilized by internal stylists

Characters of Notable
Worth

Raging Eagle

One of the

lead Sensei of the Scales of the Dragon for
over 50 years, Raging Eagle is known throughout the
Brotherhood for his martial mastery. He trains in a secret
cavern high in the mountains of Tibet. It is there, decades
ago, that he met a mysterious group who practiced an
ancient art that supposedly focused the spirits of the wind.

Raging Eagle only trains students who are heading
towards oneness within their inner selves. When neces-
sary, he has been known to train small classes in the
ultimate destructive nature of Do. The Akashic Record
traces his Avatar back to before the Himalayan Wars in
which he fought valiantly. The Record further yields that
he has been associated with Gentle Mountain, Fall Breeze
and several other mages of high rank — both inside and
outside the Akashic Brotherhood and the Traditions as a
whole — during virtually every incarnation cycle.

The young Raging Eagle studied boxing. One day, he
Awakened during a deep meditation after an intense work-
out. Soon afterward, he was found by the Brotherhood and
taken to a Xiudaoyuan in Colorado. It was there that he
later met Gentle Mountain and began deep studies of the
Mind Sphere. Much later in life, he began to study his past
lives within the Record. Over time, he understood what
would happen if he became engaged in the Ascension

Appendix: Scrolls of the Brotherhood

67

Fi eS saat

Wars, and vowed that day to work as hard as he could to
avoid his fate and to achieve Ascension.

It is written repeatedly in the Akashic Record that
when Raging Eagle goes out into the world to battle in the
Ascension Wars for more than a week ata time, Death will
soon be upon this incarnation. When he has battled for
close toa week, he goes into deep Quiets, which he endures
in solitude and contemplation.

Raging Eagle's chiseled features accentuate his stone-
like muscles. He shaves his head completely. Through the
use of powerful magicks, his clothing matches the common
dress of wherever he travels.

Gentle Mountain

Since the turn of the century, Gentle Mountain has
instructed the prized pupils of the Brotherhood. His knowl-
edge as an Orange Robes master complements his abilities
as both a teacher and a guide to powerful Avatars. He tends
to remain in seclusion and teaches his students by project-
ing his mind into that of the student, helping her to perfect

68 Akashic Brotherhood

the thought forms necessary to utilize Do, work magicks,
and live life to the fullest.

Gentle Mountain climbed his way into the mountai
of Tibet to find the Temple of the Inner Truth at age nine.
He had been a beggar in India during much of his youth.
One day he found a secret tome while stealing from what
turned out to be a Nephandi mage's house. That tome had
been stolen from the Record during the Himalayan Wars.
Within this book, he found the location of the Temple. He
would have died in a blizzard during his search if it had not
been for several members of the Brotherhood, who found
him half-buried in the snow; one of these monks was
Raging Eagle in a past incarnation.

By perfecting his control of the mind through repeated
lifetimes, Gentle Mountain has realized that thought is
merely a script of existence that he has influence upon.
Naturally bald, he is a spry old man with a long flowing
beard of gray and eyebrows of outstanding proportion. His
ear lobes are unnaturally long —a sign of his great longev-
ity. He dresses himself in the mode of an Orange Robe and
wears a set of Kemian prayer beads.

S

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength @0000
Dexterity —®0000

Stamina

————®0000

Talents
Alertness___OQO00O0
Athletics___O00000
Awareness _____OOO00O0
Doi. 9@0 00:
Dodge ____ 00000
Expression___O 0000
Intuition __O0000
Intimidation ___QQ000
Streetwise___OO0000

Subterfuge

OO0O00O0

Correspondence __OOOOO
Entropy.

Forces

Other Traits
O0000
OO0000
OO0000
OO0000
OO0000
O0000

Backgrounds

00000
00000
00000
OO00O0
00000
00000

00000
00000

BROTHERHOOD

MAGE: The Ascension

Essence: Concept:
Nature: Mentor:
Demeanor: Cabal:
Social Mental
Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Manipulation @0000 Intelligence ____ @0000
Appearance e000co§ «(Wits @0000
Abilities = eaniaen
Skills Knowledges
Drive SM OOOOO )— —Computer____O0000
Etiquette OQ0000 = Cosmology OO0000
Firearms OQOO00O0 Culture OOO00O
Leadership. OOO0O0O0 - Enigmas OOO00O
Meditation —OOO0O00 Investigation OOO00O
Melee OQOO0O0O0 - Law OOO00O0
Research_ —__O0000 _ Linguistics _ OO00O0
Stealth OO000 = Medicine OOO00O
Survival OQOO00O Occult OOO00O
Technology ___OO0000 Science OO0O00O0

Spheres

Life OOO00O0
Mind @0000

Arete
OO000000000

Willpower

O0O00000000
JOQOOUUOOUOo

Quintessence
5299

One <
Paradox

. Attributes: 7/5/3. Abilities: 13/9/5 Spheres, 5 Backgrgui

Matter, OOO00O

Advantages TET

Prime ____ O0000
Spirit___ OO0000
Time OOO00O
Health
Bruised O00
Hurt 10
Injured -l1Q
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 54
Incapacitated J)
Experience

Study Points


Type

) RE Acasiric

BROTHERHYOOD"™
== Merits & Flaws

Flaw

Cost

Type Bonus

Magick
Rotes

- Talismans

Name

Level

Arete

Quintessence

Appeareance

Weapon

Difficulty

Clip Conceal

Maneuver Difficulty Damage

Kick 7 4+Suc
Grapple 6 Strength

Special Maneuver

Roll

Difficulty|

Effect

Related Rotes

Armor:

Do Style:


BROTHERHOOD"

Expanded Back round sexe2ssonemxcerssoner

Contacts, Sleeper Contacts, Awakened

Influence, Sleeper

Allies, Awakened

Resources Mentor/Sect

Chantry

Acolytes

Equipment (Owned)

sees Past Incarnations seasons
Names Friends Enemies


a BROTHERHOOD"

Awakening

Seekings oe — =FQuiets —— —
Age

Apparent Age

Date of Birth____ _
Age of Awakening

Hair _
Eyes. =
Race.
Nationality.
Height
Weight

Sex

Appearance / Nature of Avatar

Cabal Chart Character Sketch

