# File: Art Of Werewolf The Apocalypse.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

i € A RK T oO F :
wo Qusiemnss

HEA POCALYP SE

see Deen, oma sO
:

tee & ae eee ee a 8 ly RR mete

Avi kswiat Reference for repreaeiy. I/F: they Apocalypse'

ERE WOLF

4, CA

TAR: CACTI FE SET



People want to be werewolves, deep down. Most of
them don't know it, but they do. Who wouldn't want that
kind of supernatural strength, the ability to tear obstacles
apart? The speed and stamina of a wild animal? The wisdom
and cunning of a culture of hunters and shamans? The
connection to the land itself? The strength of purpose of
knowing who you are and why you're here? Who wouldn't
want to fight the good fight — assuming such a fight exists
at all?

And that's the concept that Werewolf: The Apocalypse
was founded on — that if given the chance, people would
actually like to step into a wolf's skin for a while, to run on
four paws through the woods and hunt monstrous prey by
the full moon. The rulebook itself is loaded with fiction
that conveys the world of the Garou to the reader, and rules
to make the transition from ordinary person to werewolf
— even if only in the imagination — all the easier.

And, by the way, art.

Don't think that the art is just an afterthought, though.
Far from it. You see, one of the major problems in trying to
convey a vivid, gripping portrait of werewolves — werewolves
that are in many ways the ideal of shape-shifting myths
from around the world — is that, well, the real world is
somewhat lacking in visual aids. We knew that our
werewolves had to be stronger, faster, more furious, more
real than anything Hollywood had managed so far. And the
best, most efficient way to get across that the Garou are not
the werewolves you're used to was to show the reader what
they looked like. Not tell — show.

And that's what we — or rather, our artists — did.
Gone was the Lon Chaneyish "lumberjack with fur and
fangs" look; gone was the idea that werewolves could only

"i

/

choose from human or wolf form. Instead, they created the
Crinos form — the perfect blend of human intelligence
and animal beauty, massive and strong while retaining a
streamlined grace. This wasn't a Hollywood werewolf —
this was a Garou. This was the werewolf to be afraid of —
a killing machine that will tear off the door of your pickup,
rip open a wall to get to you. Wherever you went, you
weren't safe from a werewolf like this. And at the same
time, this was a form that carried grace and beauty with it
— it could be dignified or savage, regal or monstrous. It was
everything we make Nature out to be. Not to be too grandiose
in my praise for the artists' creation, but it was, well, perfect.

The rest is history. Werewolf's look continued to evolve,
but it always remained unquestionably its own. Even more
impressively, it remained distinct no matter what artist took
on the subject matter. Sleek-limbed Silent Striders rendered
in clean black brushstrokes, monstrous shaggy Get of Fenris
in energetic pencil, serene Stargazers drifting through a
watercolor spirit world, jaggedly, even violently rendered
Black Spiral Dancers — all unquestionably of the same
people. All unquestionably Garou.

This book contains the very best of years of Werewolf,
the images that draw us into the world of the Garou. The
pieces within throw aside Hollywood's cheap fur suits and
clumsy CGI, and create a world where werewolves feel real.
No matter how large the world of Werewolf grows (and it's
a huge world, let me tell you), this art has always managed
to capture every aspect. Each piece tells a story of tragedy
or passion or triumph or horror or wisdom or trickery —
and they all blend together, making the setting all the richer
for the layers and layers of texture.

Enjoy.
Ethan Skemp


youpunyyy any wjpaoyy li pouifor fponiiy, mye


JSt0ff Fiaripfon

t

rc
oe i ,

PYMLAL Pads,

hin

N

Wer

nb iy lly


Skee Pretcoft

ide y bids,

HARRIS 92

Nark Fackton

N
NY
S
N
N
N
w
\
5
é
\
‘

Forms

The Garou are shapeshifters of great ability, far more versatile than the werewolves of myth or film. They
are far more than "humans who can turn into wolves" — these beasts are designed to shift easily from wolf to
human, with a range of forms in between.

¢ The Homid form is virtually indistinguishable from that of an ordinary human being; in this form, the
werewolf can travel through cities and crowds without being discovered.

¢ Like some sort of lupine Mr. Hyde, the Glabro form can still pass for human — somewhat — but while
drawing on a portion of the werewolf's true power. Stronger, faster and more resilient than Homid, the Glabro
form is still just a shadow of the werewolf's true killing power.

¢ The Crinos form is the true battle form of the Garou, the form they take when no solution save violence
willdo. A hybrid of human and wolf, infused with the superhuman strength of this warrior race, the Crinos Garou

‘isone of the most efficient killing machines in the world. Humans suffer such terrifying ancestral memories when
witnessing an angry Crinos that they often break down into hysterics, forcing themselves to forget that such a
monster exists.

¢ The Hispo is the massive wolf of nightmare, a throwback to prehistoric days when the dire wolves were
the size of ponies. It's a form designed to hunt — and to kill.

¢ Finally, the Lupus form is the true "wolf" form of the Garou, allowing werewolves to hunt and live among
wolf packs, or to call on the speed and superior senses of the wolf. Many a hunter has come to a horrible end
after wounding a werewolf that he mistook for an ordinary animal — or the mate of a Garou who has chosen
to live as a wolf for a time.

-19-

Legend ties werewolves to the moon. Per-
haps, depending on the story, a werewolf is only
able to change when the moon is full — or
perhaps the full moon drives him into a berserk
rage, compelling him to hunt down the very
people he loves best.

The legends, however, are somewhat lack-
ing. The Garou are i ied to the moon — it
is their patron, ing


Ragabash

The werewolves born under the new moon,
the children of the darkest skies, are born to the
role of the Ragabash. The New Moons' task is to
uncover secrets, to question and bend the tradi-
tional laws, to use trickery to teach others lessons
of humility and patience, and even to kill with
stealth when necessary. The Ragabash knows
that nothing is what it seems, and that wisdom
lies in the most unlikely of places — and he isn't
afraid of getting his paws dirty to prove it.

Oh yeah, here comes the almighty Philodox,
fresh from his skyscraper aerie , come to lay down the
law to allus sorry wretches who just don't follow the
Litany in just the right way. You gonna raise your
hackles at me, boss? Seems to me you shouldn't be
comin' down so hard on alaw-abidin' pack like mine
when you got Wyrmsign closer to your own home.
Or didn't you know that your chum Pirelli's in the
pay of no less than a goddamn vampire? Didn't find
that out in your code o' laws, did ya? Well, hell,
what are we keeping you around for?

Raw-Back, Bone Gnawer Ragabash

PYSAALCL, PUdL,

Theuxge

The crescent moon's children are also wise, but
their insight comes froma different source entirely.
The Theurge is the shaman of the tribe — the
mystic who communes with spirits, the wisewoman
who heals and purifies and the prophet who inter-
prets the signs of coming dangers. She is her pack's
link to the spirit world, equally capable of persuad-
ing neutral spirits to aid their cause or doing battle
with the spirits of the Wyrm. Without the Theurge's
occult powers, the Garou's struggle to heal the
ravaged spirit world would be as good as impossible.

You misunderstand my meaning. I did not mean my
warming as a threat. It was a message that*was dropped

_ from the talons of Falcon himself, carried in the beak of
the Simurgh, laid to rest in my heart. It was given to me
to keep until I stood before you, and to repeat without
error. I have done as I was bidden. Interpret the warning
however you like, but I will bear no responsibility if your

fall leads you to overlook the very roots of your undoing.

‘Katarina Thousand-Howl, Ivory Priestess

the Silver Fangs

Tony Plarvit

ance, per-
and dark. The
er the half moon, are
ty of preserving that very
e Garou as judges and law-
eps the laws of the werewolves
nd stands equally ready to
efend the Garou code or to
mmit crimes against their
task, being ready to settle
g or mete out judgement

: ns do not complain
— they kno eir efforts,
many more Garou wou t the claws of
their brethren, slain in pointless feuds that could
have been avoided.

Monster! Are you so diseased that you prey upon
the children of your own kind? Are youso vile that their
screams cannot reach your rotted husk of a heart?
Were you one of my kind, I would pull you before a
council and give you the slow, ritual death you de-
serve. But because you are only human, I will have to
settle for "slow."

— Anrik the Scythe, Child of Gaia Philodox

close

yoouguny, jrugen wnysyy


Galliard

/

Mp Y) f The Galliards, children of the gibbous moon,
Uj weed are the lorekeepers and skalds of werewolf society.
HU pa Aa am In their care rests thousands upon thousands of
A, years' worth of tales, stories that both celebrate
the great deeds of their ancestors and act as cau-
tionary lessons to guide the latest generation. The
Galliard is the one who howls the anthem of war
to inspire her packmates, the one who recounts
the story of the pack's deeds to the elders. She is
the voice of Garou society — and in many ways,

she is the heart as well.

Hold on there. Before you go tearing off, it sounds
to me like you need to think back and remember the
story of Only One, and why jealousy can tear even
great nations apart. Huh? What the hell do you mean,
you weren't listening? Well, sit down and dig the wax
out of your ears, then, because you're not leaving until
you've learned a thing or two.

—Thunder-in-his-Belly, Wendigo Daeboudjimoot

Tetbua Cabra Tiubrook

Ahroun

The stories of werewolf attacks during the full
moon have some basis in truth — and the truth
behind these tales is the Ahroun. The children of
the full moon are born to the path of war, dedi-
cated to give up their very lives in battle ifneed be.
When the moon is full, the Ahroun's Rage is at its
fullest, and his enemies in the most danger. The
Ahroun may be stern or compassionate, taciturn
or commanding, but he is always a creature of fury
tempered with discipline. The warriors of a war-
rior race, they are death incarnate.

Your bad luck. My uncle might have let you go;
my sister might even have forgiven you. But you
crossed paths with me.

— Mahmet Ghost-Eater, Silent Strider
Ahroun

So

‘~ Calle T brook



The 13 Tribes

The Caroy Nation

Twelve tribes make up the Garou Nation, the hidden
society of the werewolves. The Garou would never have
survived their countless war if not for the social unit of
the tribe — the tribe is family, culture and support
network all in one.

Legend holds that once all werewolves were of one
tribe and none — but bitter disputes over the Impergium
split them along ideological lines. Each tribe rallied to a
particular philosophy, and in turn took a patron totem who
embodied their ideals. At the time the tribes were first
formed, there were sixteen in all, and all counted them-
selves among the Nation.

Times change. Now two tribes are dead, a third has
fallen to the Wyrm and the fourth has largely abandoned
the Garou Nation in order to fulfill "private business." The
Stargazers, although no longer part of the Garou Nation,
are still counted among the Gaian tribes — even though
some would complain that as secessionists, they don't
deserve the consideration. Conversely, the Black Spiral
Dancers are still a tribe by definition — but in the eyes of

all others, they may be werewolves, but they don't deserve
to be numbered among the Garou.

A tribe is bound together by blood and by spirit. The
werewolves of a tribe often share similar bloodlines; a newly
Changed cub is almost always claimed by the tribe of her
parent. Many tribes have "adopted" certain human ethnicities,
and claim many Kinfolk from such sources. And yet the
spiritual ties of a tribe are even stronger — through the
influence of the tribal totem, werewolves without even a drop
of blood in common can call one another brother and sister.

Unfortunately, the strong bonds of tribal identity are
also at the heart of many disputes dividing the Garou
Nation. The Get of Fenris and Black Furies treat one
another as respected rivals at best and intolerable bigots
at worst. The Shadow Lords covertly vie to win leader-
ship from the Silver Fangs. The Red Talons and Glass
Walkers argue bitterly over whether humans should be
spared or culled. The more tightly bound a tribe's mem-
bers are to one another, the less they have in common
with those outside the tribe.

This division is the Garou's greatest weakness. If
they cannot find a way to set aside their differences and
keep from turning their Rage against one another, the
Wyrm will surely win.


The saying "the female is the deadliest of the species" may not always be true — but you wouldn't
know it from looking at the Black Furies. According to tribal legend, the Furies became a tribe after
Luna herself, in the guise of Artemis the Huntress, charged

a pack of female Garou with the task of defending the
Wyld. However, their responsibility didn't end there
— the Black Furies also bear the duty of protecting
women from those who would abuse or vio-
late them. It's a'duty they take very seri-
ously; this tribe of warriors and mystics
has zero tolerance for those who prey
upon their fellow women. Those who
cross the Black Furies find very quickly
that these she-wolves have sharp, sharp teeth.

My momma warned me about guys like you. 'Fact,
she might've even mentioned you by name. Surprised?
Don't be. Turns out your name's popped into circulation down
at the shelter she runs. You've been a bad, bad boy. It's bout time your
karma caught up with you.

— Tifah Read, Freebooter

Bed) hooper

Ron Spencer

Bone Grmeas

The other tribes don't have much respect for the Bone Gnawers. For as long
as there have been tribes, the Bone Gnawers have been the "omega" tribe, the one
making do with whatever scraps the others toss its way. But the Gnawers don't spend
much time bemoaning their fate. Although they might not have much of anything
by way of wealth or breeding, the Bone Gnawers:still have their stubborn pride.
They're the ones who defend the down-trodden, who hunt the Wyrm in the worst
parts of the cities where not even other werewolves go. The average Bone
Gnawer might not be refined — or even polite — but he's not afraid of
fe hard work or fighting dirty. The job's got to get done, even if nobody
\) else is willing to do it.

Call me "dog-blood" again and your own blood'll be all over the
asphalt: I'don't care how far back you can trace your pedigree —I'm still
twice the wolf you'll ever be.

— Ragpile, lupus Ahroun of the Hood

£ = Yony LY crhezt

ZS



The Children of Gaia have an especially thankless lot — they are the voice
that cries for peace in the midst of a nation of warriors. This isn't to say that the ¢
Children of Gaia don't believe the Garou should be fighting for Gaia — the \
Children are warriors willing to fight and die for the Earth Mother, just like their B |
brethren — but the tribe was founded on the ideal that the more lives saved, the YA
better. They strive to keep their fellow werewolves from battling amongst themselves,
always mediating disputes and trying to bring rivals together against the common
enemy. Although other Garou sometimes Complain that the Children are too
compassionate for their own good, the Children of Gaia maintain that it's useless to
fight without knowing how to heal as well:

I don't know where you got the idea that we're pacifists. You're just as much a pacifist
as we are — you're fighting for a world where you don't have to worry about your children
getting slaughtered in their sleep, same as us. We just happen to think there are a few more
options that might help us get there.

. — Mikko Seven-Oaks

Yony LN Terbiezl


as

The Fianna tend to define themselves by two things: their European,
mostly Celtic heritage, and their devotion to the traditions of the Garou.
Even the tribe's Ragabash and Ahroun are expected tobe able to tell a
good story or remember-an important legend when needed, and their
Galliards are held to an even-higher standard. The Fianna also enjoy a
second reputation as perhaps the most passionate of tribes — they enjoy

life perhaps a little too much, and have been known to get into terrible
trouble when tempted by the pleasures of "the good life." However, their
i weak wills shouldn't be taken as a sign of weak warriors — when her ire is raised,
| there are few things more dangerous than an angry Fianna.

I howl to the memory of a prince among Ahroun, akind father and beloved packmate.
I howl for his deeds of bravery, and for his deep reserves of wisdom. I howl with sorrow
that so great a warrior no longer walks the land, and I howl with joy that he knows peace

at last in Gaia's bosom. [howl for Aaron the Fire-scarred, and shame on anyone who does
not howl with me.

— Anne-Marie Bentblade, Whispering Rover

Fathia Cabrlel Tule


17S aaa


No tribe has a more ferocious reputation than the Get of
Fenris —and they like it that way. The Get— or Fenrir, as some
still call themselves — idolize strength above all other virtues: the

strength to lay downone's life for one's comrades. Unfortunately, this
emphasis on strength has led far toomany Get to lookdown uponany

&

N werewolves of other tribes (and even humans) who they see as being
SX weak in body or character. The Fenrir aren't well-loved by many tribes,

8 but that matters little to them. When the Final Battle comes, each and
& every Get will be willingto die fighting in their Mother'sname—something

that can't always be said for the others.

You sicken me, you worm! Run away? That's your answer? This is our
caern—our home! If youwon't defend your home and Kin against the Wyrm' s
soldiers, then you had better run as far as you can and pray that I die in this
coming battle — for if I survive, you are a walking dead man.

— Karin Jarlsdottir, Forseti

Ax fhilktoapn



Skeve Prascoff

s

up elevator shafts, or hacking into encrypted computer systems. They are

2a Guerra

Brrass\Nuckeas j

Notall tribes oppose the Weaver. The Glass Walkers have always believed
that the Weaver, though ill, can be cured — and that her creations are things
‘of wonder, not corruption. The most urban of tribes, the Glass Walkers are

very much at\home negotiating deals in the boardroom, climbing quietly

allies with spirits of technology, and well-versed:with the works of man.
Their only weakness is a telling one — with so much emphasis on their YZ
human side, the Glass Walkers/are gradually losing touch of what it means
to be half wolf as well:

That was Andrew on the phone —_good*iews. You wanted a piece of
Roquesmore? Well, looks,like my Theurge pal came through — for the last two days,
electronic spirits have been systematically wrecking the vampire's credit, his bank
accounts, and — wait forit— his home security systems. Why yes, that does mean
we know where he sleeps during the day. And yes, you're quite welcome.

— DMZ, Glass Walker Galliard

was


The best reason for any human to fear the wilderness is the
tribe called the Red Talons. For millennia, the Talons have

species to extinction time and again, pollute their lands
and even murder one another. As a result, most Red
Talons have come.to-hate humans with a passion.
There are no homids in the tribe — even if a Talon
did manage to overcome his hatred for humanity
long enough to beget a Garou child on a human
mate, the rest of the tribe would never allow the
young one within their ranks. Regrettably, as
wolf populations dwindle, the Red Talons are in
@ decline. Even so, they growl that itis better to die
out entirely with their honorintact than émbrace the
vety species that has done more damage to Gaia than any other.
I have nothing against you — you.didn't choose where you were
born, Ihave nothing against your Kinfolk — they've learned respect for
creatures other than. themselves: But the apes down there; snug in their
beds, feeding off the flesh of tortured ‘prey and living on land‘that was
slashed‘and mutilated for their convenience —.they are my enemies. Out
of respect for you, I will not hunt them...unless they give me a specific reason
to do so. If they do, then I do not stand between me and my prey.

— Silent Moon of the Lodge of the Predator Kings

\ Aon. Sepa

watched humanity slaughter their wolf brethren, drive entire -

Pe Ca ee) GAR AON spe


To,the Shadow Lords, cofitrol-is everything. These dark werewolves
look at the decaying state of the Garou Nation and tell one another
that noble sentiments ate.no longer enough\— more reliable,
evenmore drastic methods are necessary to preserve'the Garou
as a race. As aresult, the Shadow,Lords use intrigue; domina-
tionand cunning,as weapons, exerting as much control as
possible over their surroundings. To their way. of thinking,
theymust make certain of the Garou's eventual victory —
by, whatever means necessary.

Don't insult me. I wasn' t trying to threaten you. I was merely
pointing out a weakness in your position that others can — and
probably will — exploit. Believe me;if I was-trying to force-you
to do.my bidding, you'd. already be.on your knees.

— Anna Kliminski

VL Chaney Cc
Matt Wiffierger


A
BL,

Af

)

tif

ILEUTC CRIDER S

The Silent Striders are wanderers and rovers across the
whole world — but not by choice. Unlike any other werewolf
tribe, the Striders were driven from their homelands thousands of
years ago, and cursed to wander ever since. They travel roads that
no other werewolf walks — sometimes by choice, sometimes not.
Their Crinos forms echo Anubis, the Egyptian guardian of the
dead — and like their legendary counterpart, the Striders are very
familiar with the spirits of the deceased. Legend has it that the entire
tribe is haunted — another reason that they never stay too long in one
place, but are always driven to travel onward.

Death is:crouching just outside the boundaries of your bawn. I've seen
his face.

— Fadil Corpseslayer, Harbinger Ragabash

>>{W) ee ——~
7s
"es

eee ee

Aber Shetktoap


LDEQ | AUGS

The Silver Fangs have always sat at the headof the Garou Nation.
They claim that a mandate from Gaia Herself appointed them to lead
the other werewolves in peacetime and in war. To theircredit, they
have largely taken the responsibility seriously, breeding with human
nobility and attempting to treat theircousins with noblesse
oblige. However, the Fangs have a long tradition of pride
N bordering on arrogance, and overselective breeding has
Mi eaten away at the tribe's stability. TheSilverFangsseem
FIA tobe rotting from within. A few young Fangsare doing
what they can to revitalize the faltering tribe, but it
may already be too late:

I count seventeen kings, nineteen queens and
innumerable nobles among my. ancestors».If my
word is not law, then whose is?
——Tasmin Sunsdaughterof House Wise Heart
Now, you're just being stupid) It's a good
plan — brewed up by the best damn Theurges I
know. Yousthink I'm being all high-and-mighty,
pushing ition you 'cause I can? Fine. Hell, if you want
to, step. on up and try to knock the piss out of me; if you
can, we'll do it your way. Just keep inmind you wouldn't
be the first person to try.
— King Albrecht

Ae Shikktoap


46 thf, OT

WwTARGALERS

The Stargazers have always valued wisdom over glory or honor — without wisdom, they claim, there isno
knowledge of what glory or honor truly are. This focus on the transcendent, however, has left the Stargazers in
aprecarious position— they have fewer Kinfolk, even fewer Garou than any other
tribe. This gradual decrease in numbers has led the tribal elders to make a hard
decision—as of 2000, the tribe has formally withdrawn from the Garou Nation,
in hopes of finding their center and new strength before the Apocalypse is over.

Words cannot express our regret, but we see no other way to
maintain ourselves as a tribe. We have neglected our
homeland for too long — that must change. We will
always be brothers; we must simply. decline
your hospitality .

—Mehdi Dragonbrow of the Klaital Puk

Forget what the elders say. We're still
friends. You need anything, you call. Pll
be there the next morning — if I can.

— Leaping Rock, Zephyr Galliard



Uecens

No other tribe knows just how much forbidden knowledge has fallen into the claws of the Uktena.
By any estimation, it must be quite a bit. The Uktena have taken it upon themselves to emulate their
water-spirit totem by collecting as much supernatural lore and mystic wisdom as they can. To this end,
they have bred with many human cultures, expanding well beyond their American Indian roots to touch
the peoples of the world. They put their arcane knowledge to good use — the Uktena are masters of
destroying or imprisoning Banes
that no other werewolf could

_ oppose as effectively.

ny der
Ignorance is not bliss. Itis suicide.

— Monica Tranh, Uktena
Philodox

fi mab


Children of winter and the north wind, the Wendigo are an
implacable force of nature given flesh. This American Indian
tribe suffered much during the Europeans' colonization of the
Americas, and they grew even more bitter and warlike in
response. Like the cannibal spirit they follow, the Wendigo are
not much given to mercy or compassion. Nonetheless, the
wisest among the tribe realize, particularly with the Stargazers'
departure, that they must mend their bridges with the European
tribes soon — the tribe that stands alone falls alone.

Too much blood stains the Wyrmcomers' hands. We cannot forget. We
cannot forgive. We may work with the descendants of our ancestors' murderers, but
we will always remember. Always.

— Cries-in-the-Wind, lupus Ahroun of the Ottawa Wendigo

a

se

Ny
iq"


The Flew

Thirteen tribes survive — three are gone. fell to the Wyrm,
another sacrificed itself in battle against the En nd the third was
murdered by its Garou cousins. Each tribe's tale rd lesson for the =<
Garou Nation. |

Of the fallen tribes, the White Howler |
contempt. The Pictish tribe vanished not in glori
valiant sacrifice, but instead fell to the W Most wer
the Black Spiral Dancers — the rest were }
kin. The Howlers' greatest legacy is the Gar:

b ‘a = es. To this day, theGa at they were
are ; Ser RY » 74 consumed by their Rage in suc on, and hope to
a: &' = eee i |
«ft % Se ia )
Fad aa ; = ed x «i co \
xo : ~~ ee Gee ®
TAS ee or
\ te td tif,

The Croatan of North America died an honorable death—they _- "1, ,
sacrificed themselves, one and all, to drive a colossal manifesta- QM ;
tion of the Wyrm back i bra for good. Their cause
was just — but the still mourn the loss of Wy

e eae

Sy f ‘

\f
)
\



Werewolves are creatures of two vou the physical world, the world that humans and animals
are familiar with, and the world of spirit. The Umbra is where ideas and legends come alive, where spirits
of corruption and the natural world do battle, ath vO worlds are separated by the Gauntlet, which

Though the two worlds are'setapart, they arenéteomplete jected: Events in one world carry
over to the next. If a desert is turned ifito,a'toxicswaste dump in the physical world, the spirit world
becomes tainted in that area. If spirits of the Wyrm corrupt a building in the Umbra, the physical
building becomes a more dangerous place Phi histo their best to keep both the physical and
spirit worlds as healthy as they can - falls to the Enemiyy.the other will soon follow.
Thankfully, the Garou are not in their ¢rusade, Many spirits who dwell in the Umbra are the
werewolves' allies — they grant4 {rou supernatural powers, empower their rites and even battle by
the werewolves' side. These spiritsrange in power fromthe smallest rabbit-spirit to the mighty Celestines
of the sun and moon. But even Gaia's spirit childrétrare not immune to corruption — many a spirit has
fallen to the Wyrm, becoming a hideous Bane. al

The Art of Werewolf: The Apocalypse

Bhan LeBfaoe

Ferguton

>


Skee Prescoft

APY, HDT

KX i =
YOO) fap) Whyles,



the Triat

The war that werewolves fight began long ago, when the three mighty spirits known as the Triat
became unbalanced. While they worked together, the Triat regulated the workings of the universe —
now that they are at war, the world is spiraling toward Apocalypse.


prevented one from gaining toomuch ~~ ¥

+

ower over the other. Whenthe Wyrm — = ©
went mad itself, it forsook Balance and ;
instead becamé the embodiment of Cor- *


Row Speyer


Black Spival Dancers

The Black Spiral Dancers are a mirror im-
age of the Garou Nation's tribes — that is, ifthe
mirror were a funhouse mirror smeared with
blood and filth. Once they were the White
Howlers, a tribe as firmly on Gaia's side as any
other — but their pride and fury led them into
the mouth of the Wyrm, and they were reborn
as twisted mockeries of their former selves. Now
the Black Spiral Dancers are united by a warped
faith that worships the Wyrm as a great father
figure; one that will devour the entire world and
create something more suitable for it and its
servants, There is mo deed too vile, no desecra-
tion too'savage for the Black Spiral Dancers —
in their minds, only a total violation and de-
struction of the world will be thorough enough
to bring about the new era. There is no enemy
the Garou hate more than this fallen tribe of
werewolves — for the Black Spiral Dancers are
what any Garou could become...and indeed,
the Dancers have gathered recruits from each
and every tribe in existence.

Rape Gaia? Kill Gaia? The World Bitch is
already dead, you ignorant gobbet. Look at this
festering world — how can you not see that this is
avast corpse, and we no more than the maggots that
spawn in these fields of carrion? It's not Her voice
your spirits hear — it's Her death rattle. If you truly
wanted to make a better world, you'd help us flay
therancid meat from Her skeleton so that something
new, something precious can be birthed from the
remains. Rend or be rent, pup:

— Nhaukh, Theurge-of the
Dragon's Daughter Pack

Wee Lorke ,
Skee Fretcoff

Row Spencer

One of the Wyrm's best weapons is
the shadowy megacorporation Pentex.
Pentex is all but invisible to the average
person; ordinary people know its various
subsidiaries by heart, but see little of the
megacorp itself. And Pentex is horribly
dangerous because it has all this power
and influence — and its Board of Direc-
tors is devoted to serving the Wyrm itself.
Like some corporate cult, Pentex pushes
an agenda of market manipulation, envi-
ronmental damage. and even behavior
modification — its ultimate goal is to
make all of humanity completely reliant
on the megacorp fot all their needs. And
the Board seems convinced that its time
is coming very soon...

Toe Corroniy

oe |

S Ka | rescoff

Fomori

Although Pentex's weapons are many and
insidious, perhaps the most loathsome of their
tools are the fomori. Whena Wyrm-spirit pos-
sesses a human being, it.can twist that person
into amockery of himself, granting great power
in exchange for damnation' Although such
spirits need little help to create fomori on their
own, Pentex has found ways to mass-produce
these monsters, giving the megacorporation.a
secret army of hellish soldiers:

Larry lIacDougah


le Scan 15

Kean 17 - 9300
Scan 1? -D65
Scan 20 - 9300

The, Weaver, was given.the duty ofgtaking the ~ Yes); pal en teil) a
Wyld's rawicreations and givingthem name and form. See D65 [ Select |
However, the Weaver went mad, and now tries to limit eee
the world's possibilities —it craves uniformity and law,
and demands\a world where nothing nexpected ever
happens. The Weaver's power lies with civilization and
technology —,the more,tools humans build tocontrol : :
theirenvironment, the les»power,thea Wyld has. Import So

Record Sol

Hermape §

Play Sot

Tobi. Col Record Stop Pause Play

seconds

a: am em

4

% WN @


The wiyld

The Wyld's task was to spin the worldinto
being, to generate raw possibility that could be
refined into form. Today, this primal' force of
flux and creation is heavily besieged, almost to
the point of dying out. If the Wyld perishes, life
itself will soon follow.

* $
\ fe. mY , os

r EK) a r
a7 1 Ou i

uMpldas, Ply fort yfyfey


Rohiard Xane Ferguron


fory

Werewolf: The Apocalyps: in the-End ‘Times, with a world on the cusp of the war to
end it all. However, the story of the € Lspans‘millerinia, and not all werewolf stories are set against
a modern backdrop.

In the Dark Ages, werewolves were truly intheirown element. While superstitious peasants huddled
around their fires and shivered, the Garou ran across the mountains and forests of Europe, defending
their lands against the encroaching forces of the Wyrm. The Apocalypse was a long way off in those days,
and the Garou indulged in many feuds and intrigues in the interest of building their power. But the Dark
Ages were also a time when vampires were powerful and numerous, and the ancient war between Leech
and Lupine was never bloodier than in the time of Werewolf: The Dark Ages.

Before the coming of the Europeans, the native tribes of North America patrolled their homeland,
rooting out the Wyrm's creatures wherever they could find them. Three tribes lived in relative peace
back then — a peace that would be shattered in the early days of colonization, when the Croatan were
called on to make their great sacrifice. This is the time of the Croatan Song.

And in the 1800s, the American West was a battleground. American Indian and white Garou
fought each other just as their Kinfolk went to war, battling for territory and so-called "honor." Those
who looked past these conflicts found an entirely new menace in the form of a massive corrupt spirit
called the Storm Eater. The battle to put an end to the
blood feuds and unite against the threat of the
Wyrm is the focus of the setting of Werewolf:

The Wild West.


Din Erorcfon


Richard Kane Ferguton

SHERITT
Mgors
CLAYBORN

S$
SY

OPSTANDIN,
a Tt TENS ©

woruygasy wmgyy

|
\
Ve


wotabdeys PL ellie


Mari Cabrah

In some ways, Mari Cabrah is the epitome of the Black Fury — strong, dynamic,

~ wise and with a definite chip on her shoulder. This young Theurge endured heavy

TR. abuse growing up, which shaped her into the rock-hard warrior she is today.

lf d |. However, although she's no stranger to violence, Mari prefers to take a higher road

} \ where humanity is concerned — she works to prevent abuse and teach women
self-defense, rather than blindly punish offenders.

Mari's a terror in a fight, particularly for a Theurge, but her skills at dealing
with the spirit world are no less well-developed. She is just as adept at healing
wounds as she is at dealing them out, and her time spent working with her

packmates has given her an excellent grasp of tactics. She still has a mild rivalry
with her packmate Albrecht — based in no small part on the scars he gave her

JO ALY WIA,

If heroes are measured by the adversity they must
overcome, then Jonas Albrecht deserves to i
be ranked among the greatest. His own Cet
grandfather, King Morningkill, banished .~ aD: 5°)
Albrecht from his sept for'a mere breach of CSS
etiquette. Without pack or sept, the bitter Ahroun
crawled into abottlé and might have died there. But
fate dictated otherwise — Albrecht not only found.‘ "
himself working hand-in-hand with an old rival'to t .
protect a young Lost Cub, but marked by, Falcon
himself for a greater destiny. When his grandfather
died, Albrecht embarked on a quest for the Silver Crown
toprove his right to rule. It was an almost impossible mission
—and he succeeded anyway.

Albrecht is a great warrior, but in many ways far from the « |
archetypal Silver Fang. He cares little.for formality, and" |
rarely goes.out of his way to avoid offending anyone. He |
values his tribe, but values his packmates of other tribes just.. |
as much. Many elder Silver Fangs are frankly appalled that | |
this young upstart commands as much loyalty ashe does. But | |
to the younger members of his tribe, and to those of other - |
ttibes, Albrecht is a symbol of possible renewal for the Silver' }
Fangs — perhaps even for the Garou Nation: j

f] nie QO

ORG OL, LOT lia


AMV chadl Gayot

Evan Heals-the-fast

Evaniis among thé most unlikely heroes the Garou
Nation haseyvér seen. He never knew,a thing'abotthis
heritage, until his parents were slaughteredsand he ¢
underwent, his. First Change 4+ but now this. young
Wendigo Philodox,has found his role, and fulfills it with
gusto. The first white.cub to be accepted into the
Wendigo tribeyEvan was given the'task of healingthe
old.wouthds/ between the Native Ameri¢an.tribes
and theirBuropean cousins. Although ithas been. a
long, hard road, and-suecess is still avery long way
off, Evan refuses to-give up. It would shame his
packmates and Great Wendigo himself to do so.

Evan isistill‘a young'man, but he‘has grown
strong' quickly!) With: the blessitig»of "Great
Wendigo and the gifts of his distant Wendigo
ancestors, he has gained mastery over winds and storms;
and his heavy experience/has taught himmuch in the \
ways.of diplomacy and wisdom. The former Lost Cub
has become a man; and would now' make a fine a
mentor himself — if he were not $o frantically busy in
these End Times, thatis; © >

Yonigngy, jyrg wiypy,


Margrave ‘

— , One can serve Gaia piously without being a friend to all other Gerousit least, that

is the philosophy of Margrave Yuri Konietzko. The elder Theurge's family, has
claimed a portion of Eastern Europe as their protectorate for generations, handing
Y the title of margrave down from father to-son. And yet, Konietzko — like all his

vampires — far, far too many of them, these days. If law is to be restored ‘to
Europe, Konietzko growls, then he will. have'to do it himself.

potential obstaclesin hisipath. In order to realize his dréam, the powerful
Theurge has gathetéd the loyalty of many werewolves, Shadow)Lord and
otherwise, ready to'back him when he calls for-unity: His motives are

 . Apocalypse on¢eand for all Time will tell, though) if his methods
will be his undoing....
d

\¢

ms .

family — has had to struggle constantly.to hold on.to what is his, lest'some.too-; /
proud Silver Fang annex histands for her own. And, of course; there are the /

Konietzko has many tivals:among,.the Garou Nation} atid.sees several"
other prominent leaders — particulatly the upstart King Albrecht' as,

unquestionable — he desires nothing less than a unified Gardu.Nation, |
4 strong enough to challenge the Wyrm's forces and win the War of)


atest living
is.a female,
Or sexual
dis a very
ne comes
lancing the
apping ot her
alewould fathe
scream, shout and than sp 4. bab
incapable of Whisperitig, She was noth psubtle
maneuvering @ tion — shes ature of raw
violence, puré

‘ed by several Theurges of
ibe as a "chosen one" of some sort,
-unclear destiny of war and slaugh-
ter. It is painfully cléar, however, that she is indeed
blessed by powerful Wyrmish spirits. The Green

Dragon serves as her personal totem, and her un-
godly strength is perhaps partly due to its influence.
Whatever the actual source of her power, Zhyzhak
is arguably the strongest werewolf alive in the world
today — even in Homid form, she is capable of
bending steel, splintering oak and even killing a
Crinos-form werewolf without overmuch effort.
When she actually deigns to take up her Devilwhip
or shift into Crinos, the outcome of the fight is
rarely in doubt.

3 , y, rs LAT If nh
Tethiya Calrtel Vhbrook Tethya Cabrhel Thubrook


Nark Fackton


e
'e > + >?

AVEX v) VE Mh chal Caydet


Soe Corroney Ntichach Caydet


Larry acDovguff



+

Soff Hoff ) Pied Pooper



Authony tiightower


f
OGRE

Vince Zz


Nth Byrd,

VANS MAMM E

t——~«~,

Ron Spencer


Sa
Atteew Baty

"
iy, Sy
Claatl),

ad a


The Fira

The Garou are not the only werebeasts alive in the world. Once, many
different Changing Breeds walked the earth, each serving Gaia in their own way.
However, the Garou made war on these shapeshifters — the Fera— in the bloody
War of Rage. Unknown to most Garou, several breeds of Fera still survive —
carefully hiding from the werewolves that slaughtered their ancestors long ago.

The Ajaba werehyenas are the exiled tribe of Bastet. Once they helped
their cousins gather secrets in the Mother's name — but the Bastet
betrayed them, calling them murderers and traitors. Now the persecuted
Ajaba turn their thoughts to revenge...

Tethira Gabriel Thabrook

The Ananasi werespiders are more alien than even some Wyrm-
corrupted monsters. These creatures are said to serve not Gaia, but
some vast spider-spirit both like and unlike the Weaver. Those few
Garou who know that the Ananasi still exist know far better than to
trust the spider-folk.

Hominy, ma

The Bastet, who take the forms of great cats, are perhaps
the werewolves' bitterest rivals. The "Eyes of Gaia" blame
most of the world's problems on the Garou, and many of the
werecats would rather die than aid one of the "dogs." The

Bastet are swift, cunning and strong, but their pride may be
the death of them.

<. Gable T burbrook
al ih


The Corax are the Garou's closest allies among the Fera,
although even these clever raven-shifters keep the werewolves
at arm's — or wing's — length. The Corax quietly aid a few
Garou septs as messengers and harbingers, warning them if an
otherwise invisible danger draws too close.

Only a very few of the Gurahl werebears are

" left — which is a great tragedy in itself. Although

@f@ — capable of great Rage, the Gurahl are much
® A\_ more renowned for their healing abilities. Too

few survive to mend the world — although
those that remain will certainly try.

The Kitsune first appeared in the East, but these fox-shifters are
now beginning to‘explore more of the world around them. Expert
sorcerers, emissaries, seducers and thieves, they walk shadowy roads in
pursuit of goals that only they can see.


Skee Fretcoft The Mokolé call themselves the "Memory of

" Gaia" — and they have evidence to back up this
. claim. These crocodilian shifters have access to a

well of racial memory reaching back even'to the age
N27 of the dinosaurs. This memory, combined with
their Rage, grants the Mokolé war forms that
aré as much like dinosaurs or dragons as any-
thing else — reason enough to be called the
"Dragon Breed."

The Nagah are the most mysterious of any
Changing Breed — even their fellow Fera believe that the
wereserpents are dead. This is no accident; the Nagah preserve
their secrets with deadly force. If anyone were to discover
exactly what the serpent-shifters' true duty is, they
would spare no effort in slaughtering the Nagah for
certain.

The oldest trickster myths of human culture may have their root in
the Nuwisha. These werecoyotes are renowned for their wicked sense of
humor, and have a habit of pulling dangerous pranks on their
neighbors. The Nuwisha don't do this out of sheer spite, though —
the Coyote Breed means to teach an important life lesson with
every trick they play.

Antttiw Bafer


Beneath the cities nest the Ratkin, a
vicious breed of rat-shifter. These bitter
urban wererats feel betrayed by all their
fellow shapeshifters, and are pursuing a
violent vendetta against the human race.
To the Ratkin mind, all that is important is
that the Ratkin survive the Apocalypse —

whatever it takes to do so. Mie 1S tee. Skee Patcoff

Aloof from all the other races of
shapeshifter, the Rokea guard the seas
from the minions of the Wyrm. Little is
known-about the enigmatic weresharks, save
for their ferocity. The recent overfishing of the
oceans seems to be stirring the Rokea into
action, however; it's almost certain that

human blood will soon hit the waters in
record volume.

Ntehtua Oran

Tony Plarvkt


Andrew Bates (check out his website: http://home.earthlink.net/
~andrewbates/) has worn many hats at White Wolf — Trinity developer,
freelance artist and writer, sales and marketing, etc. He'sstill wearing some
of them even now that he's moved to California. He's been to hell. He has
yet to come back.

Artist and writer Dan Brereton first began howling at the moon back
in 1970, at age five, but gave it up after discovering Marvel Comics a few years
later. Dan later studied Art at the Academy of Art College in SF. California
where he majored in Illustration with a minor in Shapeshifting. His other
works include comic series such as THE NOCTURNALS, GIANTKILLER,
THE PSYCHO and THRILLKILLER.

Check out his fang-tastic website at WWW.NOCTURNALS.COM

John Bridges was educated in art and all-night gaming sessions at
Virginia Commonwealth University in Richmond, Virginia. He discov-
ered, while still in college, that people were actually willing to pay him to
do artwork. Go figure! He has since gone on to provide illustrations an

companies, including White Wolf, Last Unicorn
FASA, and others. His work has also been featured in

book credits include work for Marvel. When not doing comi:
he does storyboards for TV commercials. He now hangs his h:
Design Inc. in Atlanta, where he is the lead visual designer ani
for the Fading Suns universe.

Ron Brown spent the 90's working in animation as
Development Artist and Assistant Animator primarily workit
TV Animation, Turner Feature Animation, and Hanna B
His free-lance Illustration clients include: White Wolf Pi
Horse Comics, Wizards of the Coast, and Topps Comics. Hi
merchandise currently includes a comic book entitled Th
limited edition prints, posters, and greeting cards.
launched a web site gallery of his work at www.ins! i
devoted much of his time to teaching and is currengly on the faculty of The
Art Institute of Southern California and Mt. San Antonio College. He is a
graduate of Art Center College of Design in Pasadena.

Mike Chaney (pencils) and Matt Milberger (inks) are a pair of
home-grown talents and prodigal sons who have both rather recentl:
returned to the fold after spending some time working at jobs in the "re:

world." Mike is a veteran of the White Wolf warehouse crew and Matt"

Milberger works in our Production and Design department.
John Cobb's strange and twisted art has illuminated Werewolf manu-
als for many moons. His self proclaimed "primitive-gothic" style brings a
skewed visage to the Garou. John has also haunted the pages of our World
of Darkness manuals with his bizarre imagination and ink-work. It i:

Joe Corroney works as a professional freelanc
bus, Ohio and is the instructor for the Comic B
class and Electronic Illustration class at the Colum!
Design. He has provided artwork for a variety of corti
including Sacred Ground Studios, DC Comics, and Imi

other role-playing game companies including Iron Crown Enterprises, West
End Games, Last Unicorn Games, Wizards of the Coast, and Microsoft'sAge
of Empires collectible card game. Currently, he is illustrating for the new Star
Wars rpg from Wizards of the Coast, completing drawing and writing chores
ona new Blood and Roses one-shot comic book for Sacred Ground Studios,
and is also working on his own creator owned comic book, Death Avenger.
Toview more ofhisartwork and forcontact info, visit www.joecorroney.com.

It is difficult to create illustrations that are at once moody and
energetic, but James Daly manages to doso and the combination is perfect
for Werewolf art.

Guy Davis is perhaps best known for his work on Sandman Mystery
Theatre for DC's Vertigo imprint. He is currently working with Dark Horse
Comicson The Nevermen series. While hisartworkislovely, the subject matter
is often best described as gruesome, but that's okay with him since he seems

to enjoy drawing horrible Wyrm-beasties for us. He will also be doing the art
for The Avenger an upcoming title from Moonstone Books.

The award-winning illustrator, Tony DiTerlizzi, was born in Califor-
nia in 1969. He has studied under several art schools including Florida
School of the Arts and The Art Institute of Fort Lauderdale. His early work
for TSR's Dungeon & Dragons game earned him attention in the field of
role-playing fantasy games. His re-interpretations of their classic monsters
for 1992's Monstrous Manual pushed sales beyond the 200,000 mark world-
wide. Afterwards, he helped create the new role-playing world of Planescape,
and continued to exclusively illustrate that line for 3 years. In 1994, he
contributed to the design of player-characters for White Wolf Games' new
fairy-inspired world, Changeling. Next, Tony began working for Wizards of
the Coast and their mega-hit card game, Magic: the Gathering in 1996. He
continues to illustrate cards for them, and recently painted his 100th Magic
card! He has completely illustrated several fine books including Giant Bones,
Ribbiting Tales, (both published by Penguin Books), and Dinosaur Summer
(published by Warner,Books). The year 2000 brought a new chapter in
Tony's career. Jinttiiy Zangwow's Out-of-this-World Moon Pie Adventure,
released Schuster Books, is the first of several picture books

i ated by Tony. Ted, his second picture book, will be
ly 2001. Tony continues to write and draw out of his little studio
ope, Brooklyn with his fiancée Angela and their pug-dog Goblin.
formation, visit www.diterlizziicom

Ellis' dynamic style is well-suited to an action-packed game
ewolf, though we've also put his talents to good use in Aberrant
wer: The Reckoning. He has also done work for Scholastic Graphic
yon the Confessions of a Teenage Vampire series.

Fabry is the greatest artist we've ever worked with that we've
to in person. Since he insists on living over the sea and far away,
nications with Glenn have been through faxes or other people,
vided us with some of the finest cover and promotional work
pleasure to publish. Although Glenn has done covers all
over the comics industry, check out his incredible 66 issue run on Preacher for
some of the best cover art ever to grace comics.

Kane Ferguson has recently forsaken the pastoral horse-racing
toga Springs, NY for the foggy coolth of San Francisco, but he
to like it just fine. He is perhaps most well-known for his manifold
contributions to the Magic: The Gathering and Rage card games but he also
indulges in self-publishing his Totem Studio work and has more recently done
8 ore fantastic cover work for White Wolf.

in Dryden, Ontario and a graduate of Sheridan College
‘anadian artist Tom Fowler has been working professionally
illustrator for the last five years. Most notably in gaming,
as appeared in such games as: Werewolf: The Wild West,
m, Hellon Earth, and Doomtown to namea few. In the last
ed his attention to comics working on (among other
anthology series Oni Double Feature for Oni Press,
les (also for Oni), and a Jar Jar Binks story in Star
Horse Comics. Currently tom is working on his first
sinée" for Swiss publisher Editions Paquet. Tom lives
his girlfriend. He is very tall, devilishly handsome, and

fllustrator, painter and printmaker, Michael Gaydos grew up in
Ohio and studied at the Cleveland Institute of Art. His list of credits
includes illustration and sequential artwork for DC, Image, Tundra, NBM,
Caliber and White Wolf, among others. Michael currently resides in
Nyack, NY with his wife Christine and their new son Jacob.

As inhuman as werewolves can be, Canadian Pia Guerra is adept at
bringing out their human side, making them more sympathetic in our eyes.
The emotion and storytelling her illustrations lend to Werewolf make the
plight of the Garou seem all the more poignant.

Scott is one of the infamous Hampton Boys, wanted desperados of
the Old West, who are known for their fast guns and beautiful artwork.
Keep an eye out for Scott's many projects in the comic book industry- his
usual stomping ground when he's not robbing stagecoaches.


Never let it be said that the art directors at White Wolf are above a
little cradle robbing. We managed to get Anthony Hightower working for
us before he finished art school with some lovely prints for Wraith: The
Oblivion. Since then he has at some point lent his moody illustration style
to just about every White Wolf game.

James Holt is a graduate of East Carolina University with a BFA in
Fine Art Painting, specializing in portraiture and landscape. Always a fan
of science fiction and fantasy he has turned his talents toward fantasy
illustration for the last seven years. The challenge of bringing a vision of
a fictional world to life by imagining and rendering the details that would
be present in reality keeps James active in this field.

In addition to continuing to produce many fine illustrations, Fred
Hooper has lately ascended to the hallowed position of art director at FASA
so he can order around all the other freelancers on these pages.

Eric Hotz is to go-to guy if you want antique-looking illustrations.
He has done a lot of fantasy RPG illustrations for a multitude of companies
in recent years and has also done some self-publishing of his own fantasy
setting, The Red Stag Inn. Check out his website: http://
www.hyperbooks.com/catalog/hotzart-html .

Mark Jackson likes to collect little black robots a t n toys of ev
description. He believes that when he has enough, they wil n
to life and do his nefarious bidding. He also believes that th
Darkness is real and knows where Hoffa is buried(D.B Coopers
When not under observation, Mark freelances part-time and spends the< other
85% ofhis life Art Directing a new feature length CG film for Fat
(jackson@fathomstudios.com).His online portfolio can
www.kimota.com. He seldom updates the site. If you complai:
this he will say mean things about your mother.

Tony Harris, Andrew Robinson and Ray Snyder all share s
at Jolly Roger Studio (Art & Skullduggery) in Macon Georgia.
mainly create art for comic books, but occasionally we canypeérsia:
to find time to put their fine talents to work on Werewolf.

Brian LeBlanc develops his artistic talent by doing project after project
of RPG art, cardart, comics, youname it. He shares ahomiewith writer, Tonne
Forquer and their two cats, Moundshroud and Dorothy. When he's notarting
around, he likes to cook and play Tenchu. If you'd like a taste of his spicy art,
visit his website: http://io.spaceports.com/~bleblanc/index.html

The multi-talented Vince Locke has worked on many titles for DC
(American Freaks, Books of Faerie, Sandman, and Witchcraft among them)
and Caliber (Deadworld and Saint Germaine).His style lends itself equally
well to horror and fantasy as well as some more humanistic illustrations
he's done for Vampire, Mage and Werewolf. Vince will be doing the art on the
Vampire: The Masquerade comic coming in 2001 from Moonstone Books.

Larry MacDougall lives on the Niagara Escarpment in southern
Ontario. Haunted fairy tales, old legends and folk tales are what inspires
him most. Larry is currently working on a children's book about a haunted
goldmine. Check out Underhill Studio's website
:www3.sympatico.ca/underhill.

Against his will and better judgement, Steve
tions for White Wolf and FASA. He works in
techniquessoas to throw off the Feds. In the end howe
him (hiding under the sink in the kitchen). What bi
government DOESN'T reap from his modest earnings he spe
movies, Legos, and beer. Although he dreams of someday coloni
Island in Crater Lake, Oregon, he currently resides in mighty Columbus, Ohio
with his girlfriend and a big, lazy rottweiler.

Jeff Rebner started running with the tribes to battle the Wyrm in
1992 and continues his crusade to this day. He has worked with Jim Lee
at Wildstorm on the Cybemary series and he has worked on the Incredible
Hulk at Marvel. Jeff is now working for Film Roman on the Fox TV show,
King of the Hillas a character-layout artist. He lives in Los Angeles awaiting
the next full moonrise under a smog-filled night.

SCAR is actually two people: Steve Carter and Antoinette Ryder.
This Australian duo is infamous for bringing their underground comics
look to Werewolf illustration and adding some great cultural- design
elements to the art. In their spare time they like to create comics about
cannibalistic dinosaur women.

BP)

Alex Sheikman

oo akBoWr

[This enigmatic world traveler is also kind enough to send postcards from
exotic locales to his homebody art director.]

1 Ron Spencer 3:13-18
13 And it came to pass that on the ninth day Ron was created.
14 And the Earth did rejoice!
15 And Ron did grow in the land of great humidity, even Nebraska.
16 Now when Ron had become of age, he did go forth seeking fortune
and adventure as a crafter of images, having studied little save it were the
red words of Lovecraft, Howard and Stan Lee.
17 Lo, many years and deadlines did pass, in the which Ron did subdue
a comely wife. And she did produce numberless offspring.
18 And thug#Ron is now compelled to dwell in the midst of a

is h digital artist Steve Stone (http://www.nexus-
demon. co.uk/) has done promo art for computer games
a attiors by Gremlin Interactve) and book covers (The Amtrak
Ld Terry Brooks' Shannara series). In addition he has teamed up

cen Whitman to produce Zero, an RPG based on the images in

s a very strange person to create a symbolic language system
e of eight-foot killing machines who commune with
takes a real weirdo to duct tape thick markers to his
at boxes in the White Wolf warehouse to determine
what kind of claw inarks a Garou might make if he were trying to write
with his claws. And it takes a loony to then make hundreds of symbols
fits into: »a_narrative epic like the Silver Record. Fortunately, Rich
' sis the maniac for the job.

It would be difficult to talk about the art of Werewolf without
mentioning Joshua Gabriel Timbrook. He was instrumental giving our
erewolves their distinct look as well as helping to define the visual
Appeal < of much of the World of Darkness in Vampire, Mage, Wraith
cling.

ucker is currently living and working in friendly
lew Jersey with his enchanting wife Kate and their son
is furthering his education and honing his skills in New
the School of Visual Arts, where through line and smudge
tld domination but not before he successfully
spop - a smooth frozen chicken on a stick, with a
His work will also be gracing the cover of the first
alypse comic from Moonstone Books scheduled for

iran is a freelance artist who got her start in comics, but
decide: ake it easy and be a gamer... err... work in gaming instead.
She also does work for Exhibit A Press and VIZ Communications
occasionally, but White Wolf is her current interest... well, that and
Final Fantasy games....

If you look up the word nice in the dictionary, you'll find it next to
a picture of Sherilyn Van Valkenburgh. Now look up the word tal-
ented- there she is again. Sheri is one of the few artists who still actually
physically paint when they color black and white art rather than use the
computer- and the difference is amazing. Her stunning technique and
sense of color can be seen on better comic covers and Borealis Legends'
Lankhmar series and Count Brass.


et By

Cott
Werewolf: The Apocalypse Created By: Bill Bridges, Mark Rein® Hagen and Robert Hatch, with Phil Brucato, Brian
Campbell, Sam Chupp, Andrew Greenberg, Daniel Greenberg, Harry Heckel, Teeuwynn Woodruff

Book Design, Art Direction and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
Writer: Ethan Skemp

Ait Drectors Afverwore

Be I was so looking forward to getting the chance to do a Werewolf art book, but it has turned out to be the most difficult
of project I have ever worked on. Squeezing the best artwork from nine years of Werewolf: The Apocalypse into 90 Of so pages
wasn't easy, in fact it was impossible. There was no way to fit all the great things Werewolf artists have contributed over
the years into this book; I couldn't even fit all of my favorites. So I had to narrow it down to the art that best expressed the
themes and subjects that are most basic to Werewolf and those pieces that show what makes our werewolves unique.

You might notice that the art of Werewolf encompasses a highly eclectic mix of styles, from darkly humorous
splatterpunk to ethereal abstraction and all stops in between. It's a reflection of the many faces of Werewolf: faith, violence,
desperation, hope, serenity, chaos, primitives, techno-shamans, ancient wisdom and the hot-blooded enthusiasm of youth
all rolled up together. Each artist can choose to emphasize a different aspect, just as each Storyteller does, and they often
change stylistically over time or depending on the focus of the project at hand. That's what makes art directing Werewolf
so rewarding and so challenging and that's what makes Werewolf books such a visual feast of style and imagery.

So, I extend my thanks to the artists herein (and in all our fine Werewolf products) and to the fans who make
this all possible.

—Aileen E. Miles
Art Director

ac) PARK NORTH BLD.
fe SUITE 28
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

GAME STUDIO 7

© 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal
use only. White Wolf; Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness
and Aberrant are'régistered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade,
; Wraith the Great War, Trinity and The Art of Werewolf the Apocalypse are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
ae rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.


rin <= A R T O F :

EREWOLF

a' ie POCALYPSE

eee

Reni in ea > Saw '

Nine feet of killing power. The dleek: lines of a oe aL He fangs 4
and claws ofa. monster. The' -/anciént weapons ofa inilleninia- old
culture: The | trappings of shamanism: 4 he' tools‘and weapons' Ons*of the

"~ modern world. It's impossible tol ok' on:a Garou aind See itifor'
an other than what it is "Ore of Gaia' 5 warriors, a \ fusion of

me
man and beast that's greater than either, i a, eee ay,

; Mae sage seiore! mma aE thagonns on fire2/
spiring illustrations ug ts these 1ese
 werew veson 7 labléin'a Stand- alone rt book mready 5 "4
WH pear gee rae aeaiee
"tob urned eect willienjoy the look ack; éwcomers Will

lookiat'werewolves the same ‘way agair 3

ISBN 1
WW 3803 A _ u S