# File: Artisans Handbook.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

mas fs a

PS i

THe Book of High Craftsmanship for Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade"

SSE : A The oS
yo ») =— rtisans 2
= g A Handbook'


The
rtisans
Handbook

Writing: Phil Masters

Additional Writing: Lindsay Woodcock

Development: Phil Brucato and Jess Heinig

Editing: Ken Cliffe

Art Direction: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Omar Rayan, Jeff Laubenstein, Alex Sheikman,
Guy Davis,

Cover Art: Omar Rayyan

Front and Back Cover Design:Aaron Voss

Layout and Typesetting: Aaron Voss

Author's Dedication

This one is for 500 years' worth of scientists, engineers,
and artisans — and especially for Angela Masters,

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.

& SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

PUBLISHING

Special Thanks to:

Rich "Hell of Freelancer Management" Dansky,
freelance wranglin' the worst of the lot.

Ed "The Great Work" Hall, 1890-1929, who gave his
life at the Somme.

Charles "New Orleans, Baby" Bailey — He can't get
enough of the Big Easy.

Rebecca "First Line of Defense" Schaefer — Th
gotta be an uncomfortable position.

Lindsay "Miracle Grrrl" Woodcock, for the last-
ditch ass-kickin' addenda.

Ken "Moulson" Cliffe: Simple pleasures, man.

Mike "Artf— uh, Haus" Tinney, for picking up the
pieces after the storm.

Credit Where it's Due
We owe an aplogy to Jennifer
Hartshorn, Aldith Beltaine, Brad
Beltaine, and Reid Schmadeka, the authors
of Castles and Covenants who were
unfortunately left out of that book's credits
Sorry, Folks.

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may
be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
Ascension and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights
reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild
West, Trinity, The Artisans Handbook, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Dark Fantastic and Crusade Lore are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. Alll mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.


Che Sourth Instruction: Masters of the Art

Che Fifth Instruction: The Craft Supreme 70
» Appendices 83


whe high Renaissance is an explosive era
with its gunpowder, revolutions, inno-
vative ideas and inventions. Triggered
by advances in science, idealism and
economics, these explosions are the
fiery signatures of rapid change. Old
ways are swept aside as the future is

BOP illuminated by the flames of Reason. In such an age, the

ty)
ay

i

a!

true Artisan stands exemplar of modern ideals: artist and
) craftsman, inventor and scientist.

The Artisans Handbook explores the greatest Works
of the Age of Enlightenment, as well as the masters of the
magickal craft of High Art. During the Renaissance, form
and function are valid. The namers and shapers of the era
therefore create works as much through engineering as
through intuition. Such men and women are forces of
creative genius personified. This is not the banal science of
Gi some latter-day Technocracy. Rather, Works are creative
® craft, imagination's power given form.

The First Instruction: Ars Longa, Vita Brevis ex-
plores the various types of Artisans and craftsmen among
the Enlightened. This chapter describes the steps of ap-
prenticeship and the ways and places that the Art can take
shape.

The Second Instruction: The Great Work examines
the spread of High Art. Craftsmanship across the Dark
Fantastic world reaches new heights and shows great prom-
ise. Learn what led to the development of High Ar, and
where the Art promises to go.

The Third Instruction: Trade Secrets unearths how
various mages see the era's Works, The Scourge resonates
on improbable devices, but the subtle craftsman knows how
to.use the cosmic fundaments — the powers of the Spheres
—tocreateacleverly disguised talisman. Here are products
of craftsmanship and the means to inspire more.

rf


cases key players of the H
patrons of th

Art. The noted craftsmen and |
ted, and some sample Artisans _ be satisfied with the limited works of writ. Ideas that have _|{|

| are included, resplendent in their dedication to the Craft. come before should be the basis for newer and greater \\}

tion. In the spitt of Renaissance art, no craftsman should ||

The Fifth Instruction: The Craft Supreme offers inventions. Creation and imagination cannot be de
advice on storytelling High Art. Machinae inventions and _ only inspired!
nigh-sorcerous Works are

ailed

The Appendices feature examples of several Devices,
products of the Art and different processes. These magickal
inventions can be used whole cloth or can serve as inspira
tion fora true artist to develop her own creations.



INSRTUCTION
THE FIRST:
JARS LONGA,VITA BREVIS}

We were taken from the ore-bed and the mine,
We were melted in the furnace and the pit—
We were cast and wrought and hammered to design,

We were cut and filed and tooled and gauged to fit
— Rudyard Kipling, The Secret of the Machines

aster Jasper, I would speak with you."

The silversmith looked up from his bench
and his glance took in the short, blonde-
haired figure before him. "You're Alain the
Jeweler's girl — Rosa — aren't you?" he
said

The girl did not bother with a yes or no.
"You made a cash-box for my father last month," she said, "a
very fine case with a good lock. And you promised my father that
it would only work for him."

"And so it will. What of ie?"

"Tewill open with the key he wears, and only with that. No
copy of that key will work, Not even a perfect copy —matching
in every dimension. And I think that's impossible. So I thought
that I'd come and ask how you did it."

"Huh." For a brief moment, the silversmith looked hard at
the girl; then he looked back to his work. "Itseems tome that your
father has no complaint," he said, "and I've no interestin helping
you steal from your own family. Get out of my workshop, thief-
girl

"don't care much about what's in the box — I wanted to
know what was in his will, but that was just idle, sinful curiosity,
Tadmie. Ie's the lock that I care about. It shouldn't be possible
to make one work like that."

"And you'd know, heh?"

"Yes, I would—" J

The smith continued talking over the interruption. "Look,
girl, I owed your father for a good turn from when we were both
journeymen, and that box paid the debe. If I had any sense, I'd
drag you back to him right now for the thrashing you deserve —
and I'll surely tell him aboue this day if ever his shop is robbed in
the night. Now be gone from my sight, thief-gil."

"P'm no thief!" Suddenly, the girl was shaking with some-
thing that seemed to the smith's judgment to be other than anger,
and she stepped forward to face him across the bench. "I know
craftsmanship — my father has taught me a little of his trade —
and that box was plain impossible. I want to know how you did ff
it!"

not with a blow. He caught her chin and forced her to meet his \\\
gaze. "Ah. Perhaps you might learn," he said, as her hand
grasped his wrist but failed to break his hold om her. "Perhaps you
might. But it'll be a long, hard apprenticeship — I'll leave it to
you to convince your father, to begin with. How much do you
really want to know, Rosa the craft-girl?"

The smith's hand moved faster than the girl could react, but XK

WS


he untaught peasant beheld the elements
around him, and was acquainted with
their practical uses. The most learned
philosopher knew little more. He had
partially unveiled the face of Nature,
but her immortal lineaments were still a
wonder and a mystery
— Mary Shelley, Frankenscein

In all the world of the Dark Renaissance, no magic is
stranger than the Machinae created by Enlightened crafts-
men. Teeteringon the brink of plausibility but (sometimes)
reproducible, justified by incontrovertible logic and yet
insanely implausible, designed according to astrological
principles and yet utterly fantastic, these devices are the
curse and the glory of their creators. These creators are
almost all members of the Order of Reason, for their
underlying principles — mathematical logic, innovation,
materialism — are the ideology of that faction; the only
other builders of Machinae are a handful of scattered
Disparate eccentrics with no interest in joining any crusade
(and perhaps a very few Batini architects and unorthodox
Solificati).

In fact, even within the Order, this sort of craftsman-
ship is largely limited to two Conventions — the High
Artisans and the Craftmasons — and specialists within two
others — the Void Seekers and Celestial Masters — who
draw on Artisan expertise. Thus, although any Daedalean
may sometimes wield borrowed or traded Machinae, it is
© che former two groups that determines the school of thought
wherein Enlightened folk may direct their brilliance into
this craft

No group holds to a greater, stranger vision than the
High Artisans — the Artificers. With their passion for
creation, their eternal disputes over the nature of the world
and what may be made within it, their ancient secrets and
their blasphemous dreams, they embody something of the
spirit of the age — and provide the Order of Reason with
much of its arsenal in the crusade for dominance. Next to
the Artisans, the Craftmasons seem drab and unoriginal —
but they too are Awakened. Being perhaps more accus-
tomed to patience and more determined to ensure that their
devices may be reproduced and passed on to the common
man, the Masons sometimes prove the more useful Artifi-
cers. In any case, there is much exchange of ideas and
designs between the two groups, and between Artisans and
the Celestial Masters' House of Daedalus and the Void
Seekers' Guild of Forge and Sail.

Needless to say, it takes an exceptional individual to
gain admittance to such groups. But to a Daedalean Artifi-
cer, exceptional talent, vision and even Awakening are

e

| ss
oF rtisans
A Handbook

merely first steps in the all-important process of becoming
a true master. These are craftsmen with a taste for perfec-
tion, and their most important unending quest is to perfect
themselves or all humanity through hard work and real
practical skill. Anyone newly admitted to the group, let
alone one merely considered as a potential member, has a
long process of testing and study to look forward to.

Apprenticeship

The Daedaleans have adopted the same well-estab-
lished view of practical training as most mundane craftsmen
of the age: the concept of apprenticeship. Many groups
borrow the terminology and some of the ideas (including
some elements of the Council of Nine), but Artisans take
irwith great seriousness. This is training as personal instruc-
tion, with skills and secrets passed down from master to
‘prentice over the years. (Some Artisan secrets have been
preserved this way for millennia.) In the process, not only
knowledge but something of style, even talent, may be
passed on.

Tothe High Artisans in particular, the training process
is itself an act of creation, of forging and shaping. Aside
from the fact that this casting can make the business seem
as tough for the apprentice as forging is for steel, it means
that the act of teaching should improve the teacher, too.
Many Daedaleans view such activities as sacred and triply
sacred; they improve the master, improve the apprentice,
and preserve and increase the strength of the Convention.

Stages of Study

Mundane apprenticeship is generally supervised by the
guilds — professional brotherhoods that enforce standards
while restricting access to particular trades (and hence
keeping prices high as the cost of "good order"). A young
person, usually from an urban crafting family, is apprenticed
toa master, often after the student's family has paid a stiff
fee for this start on the ladder of life. A written contract
defines the duties of 'prentice and master, which tend to
weigh heavily on the former. The student must lodge with
the teacher, work long hours at menial tasks in the work-
shop in exchange for nothing but board and lodging, and
refrain from drinking, carousing and marriage.

Details of such agreements vary over time and place,
but it is not unusual for a 'prentice to have to work every
hour of daylight, six days a week, for six or seven years or
more. Some children start this life as young as 12. It can be
a horrible time, although some masters are kinder than
others. Lucky ‘prentices may receive a little pocket money
from their parents, and pethaps slip away from the work-
shop for a little while, usually to roam the city streets with
others of their kind, Needless to say, gaggles of impover-
ished, frustrated youths with little cash and big ideas can be


INSRTUCTION
THE FIRST:
IARS LONGA,VITA BREVIS}

a threat to civic order and a strong informal element in
urban politics.
Eventually, the apprentice learns enough to play a

| useful independent part in her chosen trade. It may be up to

the master to decide when this is. Fortunately, a master who
claims that a 'prentice has never learned enough to leave
the workshop admits incompetence as a teacher, and con-
tract, parents and guild might intervene to save the youth
from perpetual slavery. At this point, the trainee is wel-
comed into the guild as a journeyman, and regains a large
measure of independence. A journeyman is something ofan
anomaly in the still-mostly-feudal world of the Renais-
sance, being in fact a salaried professional. She may take
employment with whatever master she chooses who'll have
her, in exchange for guild-determined rates of pay. Iemay be
a chancy life for some, but it's still the life of an acknowl-
edged, respectable craft-worker. Some folk spend decades
ora lifetime in this rank, making enough from routine work
to support self and maybe family.

However, most — those with a touch of ambition or
self-respect — aspire to the status of master. Only at that
level may one set up one's own workshop (and take on
apprentices to perform the drudge-work and to bully). This
means acquiring the respect and recognition of the prime

NE

figures of the guild, who guard their privileges jealously.
The usual way to accomplish this in many guilds is by the
creation of a "masterpiece" — an item of work that shows
true talent and a broad grasp of the principles of the trade.
Many a journeyman haggles with a current employer for use
ofa bench and tools for an hour or twoa day, and fora small
stock of decent raw materials. Many of the finest craft-
products to be seen in any city may be the manifestations of
a journeyman's hope and determination. After all, once
one has been accepted in the guild, raised the money torent
aworkshop, and made one's talents known to patrons, what
need is there for further displays of original flair?

The DaedaleanApproach

Needless to say, given the subtleties of Enlightenment
and the politics of the Order of Reason, the apprentice-master
system is changed and rendered more complex among the
Daedaleans. Many — High Artisans especially —still live and
work as urban guild members. They number both un-Enlight-
ened Brethren and promising "True Apprentices" among the
apprentices and journeymen in their workshops. (Thus, they
must sustain different overt and secret hierarchies — a tricky \
concern.) Others, especially those who work in distant work-

AY
TEE


shopssolely upon Daedalean business, keep the mundane and
Daedalean titles in step. The word "apprentice" is universally
recognized. Many Artisans use "mediator,""artisan" and "jour-
neyman" interchangeably. They likewise equate "resplendent"
and "master." The existence of Artificer Facilitators, Magis-
trates, Grand Artisans and Epitomes (in chaotic profusion)
reflects the fact that the Convention operates on a wider base
and hence must have more ranks and levels than a mundane
guild, which is usually restricted to asingle city. Craft-working
Celestial Masters and Void Seekers are happy to follow this
pattern, while mostly avoiding undue complication.

The Craftmasons are different, however, at once more
democratic and more systematically hierarchical. Many
refuse to acknowledge a true difference between the En-
lightened and other Brethren, although subtleties among
their33 levelssometimes indicate distinctions. Craftmasons'
ideas are drawn largely from the professions of stone-
working, building and architecture. These callings place
Gt less emphasis on the solitary creation of the masterpiece (all

the ordering of a local guild, having been highly mobile for
centuries (as masons and builders have traveled from one
great cathedral or castle project to another across Europe).
Some share the Artisan views of rankings. Others dismiss
such divisions, keeping a crude version of the mundane
guild structure for overt purposes while operating their own
offices and ranks as a closely guarded secret.

Butall of this said, Enlightened craftsmen are inevitably
influenced by the attitudes of their mundane counterparts. To
the High Artisan, the idea that one must study long and very
hard, and then display inspiration and talent, seems obvious
Few of their lodges grant Resplendent status without seeing a
true masterpiece orsome comparable work of inspired craft. To
the Craftmasons, on the other hand, it is the hard work that is
important. They are less likely to demand creation of some
bauble before granting respect, but a member who has not
labored diligently for many years ishighly suspect. One Awak-
ens, not to instant mastery, but to entry ina processof learning
and effort.

osa had brought one un-frayed (if plain)
dress with her when she took up her place in
the silversmith's household, and this evening
he had told her to wear it

"We have a meeting," he said, "and
though I'd not normally take a ‘prentice
along, the folk I'm to face always trail a
flock of hod-carviers and watchmen about with 'em. I'll not be
treated as some manner of solitary toy-maker; they'll see that

e

Th
oF rtisans
Handbook

aN

CNBAC ES

Antificers have their 'prentices, too. But you're not to take this
as license to make a nuisance of yourself, girl; you'll stand quiet,
watch and learn."

"Are these our enemies, then?" Rosa asked:

"The Craftmasons? No — they're allies." Jasper smiled
grimly. "Old allies, according to the lore of our brotherhood. In
past times, they and we have sheltered under the same roof and
shared our tools

"Truth to tell, they're not bad sorts. I've a few friends in
that hall. Stone-masons and builders, most of 'em, along with
their guards and such. A few of em are little more than bandits,
but I suppose that's a matter of impatience more than anything
else. We do have enemies, as I've warned you. The Masons
share those enemies, and often hate 'em with a frightful passion."

In truth, Rosa thought as the meeting got underway, they
look ordinary enough. The Craftmasons had indeed come in
numbers to the meet, ina back room of a great inn down a city
side-street. They dressed plainly and seemed unworried if their
clothes were frayed. Many had hammers or other mason' tools
tucked through their belts, looking a little foolish at this hour
when even the most diligent had finished work for the day. Others
wore leather jacks and some even had plain helms dangling over
their shoulders. Few had weapons, for that would be impolite at
afriendly conference, and the city watch would have things to say
to acommoner trailing blade or staff through the streets. Yet the
daggers at their belts were large and businesslike, a pair of
halberds rested by the door and Rosa glimpsed one odd small
crossbow.

It was their speech that marked these people as something
strange, Rosa's master and the one or two other Artificers
present spoke occasionally. The Craftmasons said most that
evening — and not by shouting to assert their numbers. Rather,
several of them took turns to act as spokesmen, describing dark
shadows glimpsed by men, odd failures in building work that
sounded to Rosa like simple accidents, enigmatic messages from
spies in places that she had never heard of, and dark complaines
about churchmen whom she had been brought up to revere.

Intruth, Rosa could not understand a third of what was said
that evening, but her master paid attention — sometimes
challenging, sometimes concerned. Afterward, as they walked
back through the city, she taking three paces to his two, she
ventured questions

"Master — those Craftmasons. Do they do Work, like
ours?"

"In a manner of speaking, girl, yes. Many of them spend
their time building towers and halls, whichis less of rich art than
our fine work of the hands, and they're over-cautious in their
work sometimes, as it seems to me. But they have some
competent craftsmen in their ranks, to give 'em credit; when they
want a good blade, they can forge it for themselves. And they're
clever with some of the Sacred Arts you'll learn one day."

"And what do they think of us?" Rosa asked.


Jasper paused before answering and Rosa looked at him in
the twilight, She was relieved to see a small smile cross his face
"I can see that you're still the sharp one, girl," he said, "and
that's a wise question. Well, remember: They're dreamers and
they have a lot of hate for our enemies. They want to bum out
what they can't smash down. They've no love for lords and
kings, either — we've all been owed bad debts by that sort — but
for the Masons, it's a holy thing. They're levelers and Hussites
at heart, if that means aught to you

"So — they complain that we aren't busy enough about the
war. They'd rather use a well-made crossbow, just like their
grandfathers made, to shoot down one knight, than perfect the
cannon that'll lay low an army and its castle besides. They work
their crafts for use and not for the glory of the making. They dine
on bitter herbs and doube our sincerity — although we' ve given
"em cannon now, which they do surely love

"So call 'em brothers, girl — a little dull and given t0
alorying in the company of rogues and rebels, but brothers still
And they'll call you a crazy dreamer and borrow your dreams."

Real-Life Cechnology

aster, it has been six months since T was

sf greeted into the Secrets."
‘So you can count, I see, girl
~y "Yes, master. But since then, you've

had me doing tele but basic hammering and
mold-cleaning." The man said nothing so
the girl plunged on. "just wanted o know,
Master Jasper — when will you teach me more of the Secret
Ans?"

Fora moment, Rosa truly thought that Jasper would strike
her, with open hand or with fist. Then, the master Artisan simply
laughed, briefly, coldly — and that fell like a blow, too

"We do not cast spells like some superstitionist, girl," the
man said. "We perform Works of Art. This month you have
been doing the truest magick of all. Learn that or leave my shop."

Basic Materials

The High Artisans are more than mere wizards who
happen to limit themselves to working through over-com-
plex toys; they are true master-craftsmen. Thus, they are
experts in the generally known and commonplace technol-
ogy of their age, as well as in the bizarre and exotic. Nor are
such mundane handicrafts a mere sideline to them; rather,
they are the heart of their Work.

Europe in the 15th century is actually at the beginning
of a period of great change and uncertainty, in technology
as in many other things (which may be the Daedaleans'
doing, and which certainly gives them a hidden advantage
in that more and more of their Art moves from vanity to the
status of casual plausibility). Although this is in many ways

INSRTUCTION
THE FIRST:

the last and highest century of the Middle Ages, the seeds
of the future have been sown and have germinated, In the
future, some historians will say that the Industrial Revolu-
tion was actually born this early. Two inventions —
gunpowder and the printing press — are being perfected,
transformed from accident-prone toys to commonplace
tools. These alone would probably be enough to bring the
Old Order down in flames. Meanwhile, the "rebirth of
learning" brings together a set of theoretical tools that lay
the groundwork for the next set of wondrous inventions.
Architecture changesas the Gothic cathedrals of the former
age — barely planned miracles of rule-of-thumb craftsman-
ship, driven by the simple impulse to push spires ever higher
—are superseded by cool Classical ideas, ordered pillars and
elegant domes.

In direct contrast, the soaring gilded mosques of the
Arab world are both carefully planned and long familiar to
the architects of the Ahl-i-Batin. Arab masterworks are

operate on a principle of sacred geometry similar to that of
the Craftmasons, seeking to reflect the heavens and the
grace of Allah in their houses of worship and their leaders'
palaces. But their ultimate goal is less the material expres-
sion of mathematics and more the embodiment of Unity
Muslim architects have worked steadily toward the unity of
earthly form and heavenly ideal for as long as westerners
have labored with flying buttresses and vaulted ceilings.

(Mind you, the sheer height of either a western cathe-
dral or near eastern mosque, perhaps supported by those
very flying buttresses, would have rendered any Roman
dumb with awe.)

Still, much remains to be developed.

The Battlefield

Were it not for the pervading reek of sulfur and smoke,
European wars of this era would more or less resemble those
of the preceding three or four centuries. Armored nobles
upon huge war horses thunder across the field, lance in
hand. The most noteworthy sign of advanced craftsman-
ship that they display is their armor, which grows ever
stronger, heavier and more ornate as they struggle to flaunt
their wealth.

Still, a trained eye observes these nobles seeming ever
more concemed by what their social inferiors might tum
against them. The English won most of the early battles of the
Hundred Years War by deploying the powerful longbow. The
French tured the tide when they learned to use cannon in
sieges. Crossbows are slow-firing and limited, but effective
when used intelligently. Competent foot soldiers have used
heavy polearms for years. The Swiss and Germans have
learned how effective the best halberdiers can be, and are just


A beginning to contemplate the even more deadly effect of well-
drilled pike blocks. And as for gunpowder...

Firearmsare still alittle crude, Manystill lack much in the
way of a trigger mechanism, having but a ‘‘cannon-lock"
touch-hole and a slow-match or heated wire in the gunner's
hand. This makes aiming a handgun properly impossible,
although it is effective enough as.a way to fire a great cannon.
The matchlock — in essence, that same slow-match held in a
simple trigger-operated pivot — is what makes personal fire-
arms a viable idea. The wheel lock is a futuristic idea that
represents yet another vast improvement

Great cannon may not be personal weapons, but they
are engines of terror. They can batter down castles and city
walls, tear holes in the ranks of enemy regiments and terrify
horses. Rockets and hand-thrown grenades are limited
mostly to Asiatic armies, that may even deploy men with
simple hand-hurled fireworks, if only to scare enemy cav-
alry mounts on occasion. Incidentally, guns both large and
small can be cast in bronze or made by welding iron bars

to burst catastrophically without warning). Cannon are so
heavy that they may be impossible to move long distances;
part of the mercenary cannon-master's trade is casting new
guns when and where required.

Meanwhile, to the east, the horsemen of the steppes
still fight very well, as they have forso many centuries. They
wield high-quality composite bows — the most sophisti-
cated military craftsmanship their tribes know — and spe:
and sword for close combat. That said, the Ottoman Turks
have partly settled down, made the most powerful empire
that Islam has ince the days of the prophet's
\© immediate heits, and have taken to firearms. They espe-
cially love huge cannon, which win the sieges that so
frustrated theirnomad ancestors. Further east, Indian armies
consist of huge numbers of lightly armored footmen, along
with some cavalry (horses do not like the climate) anda few
expensive, temperamental, prestigious war-elephants. In
China, troops are mostly well-equipped infantry, along
with some cavalry and (of course) support from rockets,
cannon and other gunpowder weapons.

Land Transport and Agriculture

On land, travel remains entirely a matter of muscle-
power — whether the muscles belong to men, horses,
mules or (in some lands) camels. However, even that can
be subject to improvement. During the Middle Ages, the
invention of the horse collar vastly improved the effi-
ency of carriages and plows; harness designs are still
mproved. Truly far-sighted and inspired govern-

be
ments realize that well-kept roads may be beneficial to
lords and commoners alike. Most highways, however, are
still rough dirt that becomes engulfing mud in winter and
choking dust in summer.

The Kaw
rtisans Sa
Handbook™ Sy

UBENSTEN)-99

aww
1)

a

&

i

af


A nation lives and dies by its food sources; farming
technology is often overlooked, but immensely important.
Berter implements, including heavy plows and those har-
nesses already mentioned, enable nations to keep more
people fed with the same land and effort; those people may
become soldiers, scholars or adventurers. When explorers
discover new lands, new crops may assist in expansion.
Improved mills, powered by beasts, wind or water, are other
useful products of ingenious craftsmanship that spread
across the land.

On the Water

The different seas are each ruled by very different
styles of ship. The reasonably placid Mediterranean,

by oared galleys; the war-craft of Venice and Ottoman
Turkey are still similar in outline to the triremes of
Classical Greece. Yet even on the Mediterranean, sail-
ing craft have some advantages: Merchantmen prefer to
save the cost of oarsmen, while the improvement of
cannon means the end of oared shipping.

The reason is simple. Early ship's guns are light weap-
ons, mounted on the open deck and used in the close
boarding and ramming actions that are traditional in galley
warfare. However, better guns require more space and
demand to be mounted in "broadsides." This is not possible
when oarsmen take up that space, Oarsmen may be fighting
men, if they are free rather than slaves, but they are not as
dangerous as cannon. Some navies try a hybrid design —
the "galleass" — with large sails, oars and broadside guns,
but this combination proves impossibly cumbersome.

Still, galleys remain effective for now. This is a very
well-established, standardized technology. The shipyards

BOR
ARaMIyZ? of Venice claim to be able to build and launch a hull within
BEZ) a single day, while the Turks reckon to be able to recon-

struct their entire fleet inside a year in the event of losses.
Galley warfare involves close-quarters fighting; warships
mount bow-rams. Pirates and corsairs, who wish to take
prizes, limit themselves to grappling and boarding-parties
with sword, spear and ax. A corsair flotilla may actually
include a mixture of oar and sail; small galleys to take most
prizes and a larger sailed ship in reserve, carrying more men
and with hold-space for loot.

By contrast, the endless stormy Atlantic is not really
suited for large oared ships (although some galleys trade and
explore there when the weather is fair). This is the domain
of round-hulled sailing craft, usually with one or two masts
at this time. The carrack, with its high castles fore and aft
togivea height advantage in close fighting, evolves toward
the lower, stronger, more stable galleon, the vessel of the
great age of piracy and the Spanish Armada,

The Indian Ocean, with its reliable monsoon wind-
system, is plied by Arab dhows, sambucs and related craft;

Sie.

INSRTUCTION
THE FIRST:
ARS LONGA,VITA BREVIS|

ay
A

|

simple, robust ships with sharp, up-thrust prows and trian-
gular lateen sails. This is not the most sophisticated vessel
design, but it is well-established and reliable in these
conditions, In recent years, these seas have also been
witness to a new sight: great Chinese junks, the true
maritime wonder of the age.

The junk, which evolved on the seas around China, is
in fact the most sophisticated ship design in the world,
superior to anything the West produces for centuries. It
combines a robust hull, divided up into water-tight com-
partments, with complex, efficient rigging on its multiple
masts. In an uncharacteristic moment of interest in the rest
of the world, one Chinese emperor sent the admiral-diplo-
mat Zheng He on a series of flag-waving missions across the
Indian Ocean between A.D. 1405 and 1433. These expedi-
tions reached as far as Africa, Although the Chinese
government soon lost interest in what they found, trading
junks and Chinese migrants may still be found across this
area, Zheng He's flagship was a nine-masted, 500-foot, B
3,000-ton super-ship.

(Incidentally, the most curious watercraft known to
Sleepers may be the treadmill-powered river boats very
occasionally seen in China. Similar ideas have been toyed
with in the West and may appear rarely.)

IntheAir

Flight remains a distant fantasy for the most part —
although toys give even Sleepers some hint of what will be
possible one day. The Chinese have long played with
increasingly sophisticated kites, and human pilots may
occasionally be sent up on such, perhaps even casting loose
and gliding for a while. However, this is as likely to be a 4
whimsical way of executing prisoners as anything else.
These Chinese ideas have not yet reached the West, where
the only form of kite known is a less efficient and elegant
"windsock" design, often shaped to resemble a dragon or
serpent with mouth open. (Although one 14th-century
picture seemingly shows such a kite being used to drop a
bomb on a city...)

Balloons, too, are purely a matter of theory, save in
China. The Chinese seem to know how to make eggshells,
float upward by filling them with hot air, and may accom-
plish a similar erick with paper balloons (paper being more
widespread in that land than elsewhere). The last type of
flying toy, known to East and West at this time, is the
helicopter top. This takes various forms, but always in-
volves a set of rotors spun by a spring or bow so that it rises
into the air. The toy is never made much larger than a hand
—at least among Sleepers.

Clocks and Other Mechanisms

The most complex and challenging machine that a
Sleeper of this age might expect tosee isa clock. Devices for


measuring time date back millennia, but they have been
painfully crude. Some nations get by with candles of stan-
dardized size, which burn such-and-such a length in
(approximately) such-and-such time. The best option gen-
erally available is water-clocks; essentially containers into
or out of which water flows at a known rate so that a
graduated scale on the side of the "clock" shows the time
From this, all manner of ingenious developments are pos-
sible — say, when a container has filled completely the
weight might be just enough to trip a mechanism, sounding
a bell or causing a figure to move. One variant on this
idea uses a fine powder instead of liquid, thus avoid-
ing problems with freezing or evaporation;
powdered eggshell is best. This idea survives as
the humble egg-timer

The supreme evolution of this mundane
technology was created in China in A.D
ng: a35-foot-high

plex mechanism that
displayed the time of day
and the current positions
of the heavenly bodies, all
inorder toensure that royal
horoscopes could be cal-
culated correctly, even
if the subject was bom
on a cloudy day. This
construction was prob-
ably more accurate than
S any
known to

mechanical clock
European
Sleepers until the 17th
century. The Middle
East, however, had also

developed remarkably accu-
rate timekeepers before the
technology spread to Europe. Be-
cause the Arabs were such meticulous students of
astrology, precise measurements of time and distance were

developed quite early. Correct to fractions of a degree, the
sand horographic tables developed by the Muslims
and disseminated through Europe spur the continent's
Awakened and Sleeper alike — toward the
development of wholly mechanical clocks.

alm:

innovators

The closest competitor for the water-clock is the sun-
dial — in lands where the sun is out reliably enough for the
device to be read more often than not. At least sundial has
no moving parts to wear or corrode. However, sundials are
not especially accurate and must be made and calibrated for
a specific latitude, The quest for a better mechanism has
recently led European churchmen, with their preference for
well-governed lives of prayer, to develop the weight-driven

The
rtisans
Handbook"

clock. (In the East, of course, Muslims pray five times daily;
the clocks developed there keep the calls to prayer on a
prescribed schedule.)

Such clocks were developed at the end of the 13th
century, when the invention of a mechanism called the
verge and foliot escapement enabled the power of the
descending weight to be smoothed out and controlled,
making the clock regular enough to be useful. Early clocks
simply sounded bells at key times, but ingenious mechanics
soon added displays that showed the current positions of

heavenly bodies. The clock-face, with hour and later
minute hands, eventually evolves from this devel-
opment. Spring-driven clocks and watches also
lie in the future, perhaps appearing first in the
mid-16th century.

Incidentally, the astronomical displa
built into some clocks are doubt-
less related to the clever
hand-driven devices that
have occasionally been
made to model the heav-
ens ever since Greek
times. (In the 20th cen-
tury, Sleeper historians
are startled and confused
by an object found in a
first-century B.C. Ro-
man shipwreck: the
"Antikythera Device."
It appears to be an intri-
cate system of bronze
gear-wheels that can be
used to calculate accu-

rate calendars.) One
relatively simple but

useful astronomical de- {
vice is the astrolabe, long
since borrowed from the Mus-
lim world by Europe. This tool
simplifies complex measurements of relative po-
sitions of astronomical bodies, and can enable the time
of day to be determined reasonably well

On the matter of astronomy, the telescope lies some
time in the future for Sleepers. Lenses have been known
since Greek times, and their manufacture is being im-
proved; spectacles are now available, if expensive, giving
elderly or unlucky scholars with weak eyes the chance to
continue their work..Yet the understanding of optics and
precision of manufacture that will enable lenses to be
combined to useful effect remain unknown. (Masters of
sacred geometry are not so limited, of course.)

Other complex mechanisms are mostly toys and
curiosities. For example, at different times clever inven-


tors have produced all manner of effects with liquid
pressure and flow, perhaps inspired by tinkering with
water-clocks. Inventions that permit different liquids to
be poured from a (seemingly) single container, and
mechanical animals that seem to drink on command, are
entertaining tricks, but of limited general use. The Chi-
nese came up with clever geared mechanisms, mounted
on carts, that would always point in a fixed direction as
the cart moved around, and the Romans had devices for
measuring distance traveled — but these are only of use
to large empires with orderly governments and good
roads. The age of the machine is still in its infancy.

Power Sources

All of these clocks offer one answer to the great
unacknowledged problem of Renaissance invention
Whence might motive power be drawn? Beasts and men
take up space, and must be fed and persuaded to cooperate.
Gunpowder is well enough for momentary blasts of force,
but cannot be harnessed for much else. Other possibilities
are cumbersome.

Wind and water provide near-limitless, free power, but
they are inconvenient in many ways, often unreliable and
hard to tap with any but large machines. Water-mills have
been known since Roman times at least, but windmills —
in Europe, at any rate — are a medieval invention taking
different forms in different parts of the world. They are
certainly most advanced in Persia, their place of origin.
Unlike the common water-mill, the eastern windmill is
horizontal, surrounded on three sides by walls and open to
the wind on the fourth. The windmill therefore functions as
a capstan, turning an axle set perpendicular to the ground.
Recent improvements in the European "vertical" design are
among the novelties that provide the Renaissance with the
surpluses that fuel it. Wind-power is also used by ships;
there are a few sail-powered land vehicles in China, but
these have obvious limitations

Of course, power from any source may perhaps be
stored, but there are limits to that, too. Crossbows and siege
engines keep a little energy in the tension of the bow or in
aweight held high above the ground, forswift use. Protract-
ing this release can involve a spring driving a lever
mechanism, or a descending weight causing a wheel to
revolve, and this is the present and future form of clock-
work. A spring mechanism capable of storing very large
quantities of force, and releasing it slowly and under con-
trol, requires more in the way of materials and ingenuity
than any Sleeper can muster.

In theory, steam power is a technical possibility —
especially as coal has become more widely available. But
pers investigating the idea would find all manner of
problems. Certainly, Heron of Alexandria hits on the idea
of a globe spun on an axle by jets of steam, but the

INSRTUCTION
THE FIRST:
IARS LONGA,VITA BREVIS}

Mathematics and Crafts?

The Sorcerers Crusade rulebook notes thatall High
Artisans must know crafts and mathematics. This is
indeed the accepted rule of their Convention, but its
application is relatively relaxed and its implication in
system terms fairly varied.

Mathematics is indeed one of the great mysteries of
the Artisans, and no one who is ignorant of the topic is
privy to the group's secrets. However, in an age when,
anything much beyond counting on one's fingers is
considered an accomplishment, one can pass as a math-
ematically learned person through various forms of
education. Characters with dots in Academics, some
branches of Metaphysics, the Science of Advanced Math-
ematicsoreven Antilleristor Moneylendingathigh levels
can all pass — although a respected theoretician must
have a fair range of training in such areas.

The standards of membership are considerably more
rigorous in the East. Chinese bureaucrats have perfected
all manner of calculations for centuries. No educated
person — certainly no civil servant — can slide by with
less than a year's detailed instruction in the subject. This
knowledge is, of course, tested carefully in civil service
examinations. If a man has not performed his studies
faithfully, he can expect his failing to be noted, docu-
mented and held against him.

In India and Persia, mathematics is a much more
exact science than it is in Europe, though not so regi-
mented as it is in China. It was, after all, medieval India
that introduced the concept of the zero. The disciplines
of algebra (a word derived from the Arabic al-jabr, mean-
ing integration) and analytical geometry both originated
in the Middle East. Characters with a non-western back-
ground needa much strongerbackgroundin mathematics
to be considered even partially educated than do Euro-
pean characters — in game terms, a beginning student of
eastern mathematics ought to have two dots to a western
beginner's one. Storytellers may wish to allow players to
specify their eastern characters' mathematical specialties.

A "craft," the second requirement of High Artistry,
may of course be a Craft as defined in system terms
(although it should be something with durable and com-
plex products — brewing would be unusual), but Artist
training ora good level in Antillerist is just as credible. Do
not confuse the game Ability with the mage philosophy.

Storytellers can of course permit or exclude any
"Antificer" character concept that they see fit. The main
thing to remember is that a High Artisan must possess
both the abstract comprehension of the world embodied
in mathematics, and a practical level of skill in handi-
work. One who does not is simply disdained and does not
find it easy to pass the initiation rituals.


mechanical efficiency of this design is feeble; no Sleeper
could find uses for it that would justify the cost of the fuel
The various embellishments that make steam power useful
are arguably all known to mundane Renaissance mechan-
ics, but putting them together into something worthwhile
is a long job with many tiresome failures and distractions.
For now, steam engines — let alone anything that trans-
forms fire and heat into motion — are the province of the
Awakened alone.

What's ina Name?

"Are we magicians, master?"

For a moment, Jasper looked angry at the question. Then,
just as quickly, he smiled. "No. And certainly not when any of
our allies can hear us, we aren't," he replied, and picked up a
hammer as he squinted at his latest work.

The
oF rtisans
Handbook"

The girl was evidently plucking up the courage to repeat the xsl
question, so he spoke again. "The Craftmasons say that magick | Wes
islazy, and hence sinful," he explained, "and the Gabrielites say
that it's against God's law. We agree with them; we build
Works, andl sometimes, if we have real problems, we pray for
miracles. But between the two of us, I'm not sure that it matters
what words we use. We're craftsmen, girl — now, don't pull
faces, that's a compliment round here. What we do is shape our
materials and wield our tools. If we use ‘em right — if we hold
the sacred geometry in our minds as we labor — it'll look
magickal to the plow-boys in the fields. But we'll know better

"Butwe certainly aren'tsorcerers, ifthat's what you mean
—and I'll tell you the difference. Those freaks will tell you that
things have special qualities. Power. And that's true enough —
but hen they'll ell you that those qualities can only be found and
assessed by direct examination, not predicted by sense and
reason."

ae

ine


Lf

The Artisan drew breath as he finished looking at the half-
made silverware. "And that," he said, raising his hammer, "is
wrong." The hammer came down, hard and resounding. "It's
worse than wrong." (Another hammer-blow.) "Ie's a lie against
Creation. And that is a sin."

He dropped the hammer on the bench after one last blow and
held his work up to the light.

The Wheel Lock

Although no one quite realizes it yet, wheel-lock
firearms represent an interesting metaphysical phe-
nomenon: a mechanical device that is being
insinuated into Sleeper awareness by stages, and
which thereby moves from the status of vain
magick to that of mundane weaponry

The wheel lock consists of a
spring-loaded metal wheel

that spins against a chunk

of iron pyrites; this throws

off sparks, which light oO
the gun's powder. It isa CN
tricky, fragile contrap-

tion, but unlike

preceding gun designs, it
does not require the
user to keep a burning
"slow-match" per-

petually at hand. In

the 20th century, his
tory says the weapon
was invented around the
beginning of the 16th;
Leonardo da Vinci

doodled something

similar in A.D. 1508.
A few years later, princes

were passing laws against
guns that "made their own fire."
Sleeper scholars may find some ambiguous
hints in earlier texts, and wonder who first made the
Teachers within the New World
a classic example of applied para-

idea work in practic
Order quote this
digm manipulation:

Their mid-15th-century predecessors in the Order
of Reason are less sanguine. To them, the wheel lock is
an invaluable creation that they can manufacture in
quantity and issue to their guards and servants. They
insist that this is a mundane mechanism, not a magickal
device, and point out that un-Awakened troops use it
perfectly well. In fact, some talented Sleeper
weaponsmiths (and a few Disparate philosopher-crafts-

INSRTUCTION
THE FIRST:
[ARS LONGA.VITA BREVIS]

men) copy the idea successfully, and several Artificers
give such weapons to Sleeper princes to buy aid or favor,

However, Sleeper acceptance of the wheel lock does
not prove a complete success. Although the troops of
Reason find wheel locks to be reliable and handy, the gifts
have a bad habit of blowing up in the recipients' faces. It
seems that the more wheel locks are used, the less useful
they

prove.
Any craftsman or engineer can guess why. Large-scale
production always introduces problems with a design that
works well when it is made as a single hand-crafted
masterpiece. Less sensible wielders never clean
guns properly. Word passes quietly around the
Order that wheel locks should be reserved for
those who can be trusted with them. Flaunting
them before Sleepers leads to confusion and
jealousy; better to stay with

matchlocksand crossbows insuch FAY
company.

The real secret, of
course, is that the unpre- §
dictable reliability of such
advanced weapons is a
manifestation of the

Scourge expressing itselfin
mundane (but annoying
and dangerous) forms
Because the wheel lock
is almost accepted by
Sleepers, the Scourge
comes down insimple mal-
function and can even be 4
held offby careful atten-

tion to proper weapons

drill

Th

orytellershould
handle the Scourge in game
and story terms. Wheel locks
should be reliable — well, as reliable
as any other hand-crafted explosive-using mechanism
—so long as they are not overused. They should represent
a small but useful edge for Daedalean characters, theit /
associates and other Awakened characters who get a hold
of hem ond accept dein ty world vlgwc HO wevets
wheel locks or any other revolutionary inventions are \
overused; if characters purchase them by the dozens and. SX
hand them out toevery thuggish guard they hire for the day

if they are flaunted before nervous peasants — then they

should start to behave like the experimental and premature
technology they truly are. Roll a Fortune Die whenever one

isfired and have itjam orexplodeona 1 aswell as any botch

— or more often if characters are truly careless and over-
confident with their lethal toys. (A botch anda 1 certainly


means an explosion.) If observers are backwoods folk or
prone to much truly devout prayer in the face of this
ungodly weaponry, the full panoply of the Scourge rules
may be applied.

Incidentally, the extent to which a wheel lock is seen
as "unnatural" may depend on the details of its use. Most
folk have seen or at least heard of (matchlock) arquebuses
A long-barreled firearm, glimpsed at a distance, is therefore
nothing too strange, even if the lock mechanism seems a
trifle ornate and the glow of the match seems to be hidden
Asmall but deadly pistol, whipped out from beneath a cloak
and fired on the instant — ah, now that's not natural.
(Unfortunately, this quick use is also the best thing about
the wheel lock. Life is harsh on the forefront of the
¢ weaponsmith's craft.)

The Information
Revolution

The defenders of tradition, faith and mystery believe
VF the deadliest threats that a craftsman has ever turned
against them are the cannons, handguns and rockets that
come to rule the battlefield. Many Daedaleans agree. To be
able to send flaming iron death hundreds of yards is a great
comfort when opposing magicians, witches and faer

They ate all completely wrong

Printing may have originated in India. The Chinese
have possessed it since the seventh century, and (earthen-
ware) moveable type since the 11th. The latter was made
strong enough for heavy use in Korea around A.D. 1300 by
casting in metal. However, the possibilities were limited by
the huge number of characters in Chinese writing, and any
social effects were absorbed by the very stable Chinese
system of government. Although the Arabs learned paper-
making from China, they didn't seem to borrow printing
from the same source.

Paper came into common use in Europe a couple
\ centuries ago, but even with this relatively cheap, smooth-
\W\| surfaced medium available, experiments in printing have
NY \ taken place only recently. In Mainz, a group of craftsmen
{including businessman named Johann Fust, calligrapher
NAW) siamed Peter/Schoffer ania silversrnich named Johannes
> _}})\ Gutenberg, producea workable system and printa beautiful
( y) Bible, among other documents.

" The Middle Ages are doomed.

The Order of Reason is taken by surprise by the conse-
quences of this invention (although the Craftmasons are in
no way surprised that such a "small" invention could have
such an enormous social impact). Early printers may be

The
oF rtisans
Handbook

What About Everyone Else?

The Renaissance isa period of discovery and growth
foreveryone —artisans, scholars, merchants. Itstands to
reason that the Daedaleans make great leaps in progress,
as much of this period's growth is related to technology,
but technology and gadgetry are not the sole purviews of
the Order of Reason.

Many of the Traditions use devices and mathemat-
ics to achieve their goals. Most notably, House Verditius
of the Order of Hermes, dedicated entirely to the o
ation of Machinae and other mechano-magickal items,
hasa decidedly Artificer-ish approach to its work, though,
its core concepts remain those of the Order of Hermes.
The Solificati are also of a scientific bent, but their arts
have already begun to swing back toward the mystickal
end of the scale, away from even an Artificer-friendly
stance (they are perhaps most closely related to the
Cosians, of all of the Order of Reason). Each Tradition,
with the possible exception of the Dream-Speakers,
begins to adopt the newest innovations of the eraas tools
in the struggle for further enlightenment, though most
are content to use the tools others provide instead of
creating new ones.

Inaddition to the Traditions, other Conventions of
the Order of Reason avail themselves of new opportuni-
ties. The High Guild prospers during this period due to
therapid expansion and evolvingsophistication of West-
ern Europe's commerce systems; clever tinkering offers
new forms of transportation and communication. The
Void Seekers borrow the mundane navigation technol-
ogyofferedandadaptit to their unique take on exploration.
The Cosians also make leaps and bounds forward, both
encouraging and taking advantage of relatively new
freedom to examine and study the human body. Not
since the era of the Greeks has there been such a
revolutionary burst of invention and discovery, and all of
the Awakened groups — not just the Craftmasons and
the Artificers — rush to use it to their advantage

The Renaissance, of course, is not confined to
the European continent. Many of the discoveries,
inventions and ideas that began the ideological
revolution originated in the East — China, India
and the Middle East being the primary suppliers of
these catalysts. The Awakened Artisans of these
areas also continue to develop new and innovative
ideas, and it would be remiss to not reflect on them
and their considerable contributions.


INSRTUCTION
THE FIRST:
IARS LONGA,VITA BREVIS|

little more than clever Sleepers; the technology is a combi- As it spreads through the remainder of the 15th cen-
} nation of rather commonplace ideas, quite immune to the _ tury, printing is watched with interest by the Daedaleans.
Scourge. Still, reason and innovation ride the tide of Few other factions bother to oppose it, either because they
change (and war) that ensues, while Hermetic magi and — misjudge its importance or because they dream of using it
saintly Choristers remain hunched over their hand-crafted, _ for their own purposes. In any case, the urban guilds who
utterly personal books. In the unstable religious environ- promote it are the Daedaleans' stronghold; a direct assault
ment of the age, amidst the squabbling princes and political _ would be a dangerous prospect.
ideas of Europe, a cheap, simple method of spreading new Eventually, the consequences of mass communication
ideas and attacking old ideologies is far more explosive than are incorporated into the Ars Praeclarus (and the High
mere gunpowder. Guild's Ars Cupiditae). Extraordinarily powerful Mind ef-
fects become possible as Sleepers believe that anything
printed in black and white must be true. For now, however,
matters remain in an early, experimental stage.



INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:

THE GREAT WORK

VATE.

i

practical

osa the "prentice silversmith, secretly third-
order Initiate of the Sanctified Labyrinth,
i) worked swiftly. She knew her master's inner
workshop perfectly these days — she could
have found the tools with her eyes closed —
so her attention was all on the diamond. She
clamped it in a tiny steel vice, its base hard
against the polished granite back-plate, and then pulled a magni-
fring lens into place

There! Just as she remembered — an oblique flaw ran right

yy through the stone.

She took up a cold steel blade and a small, lead-weighted
hammer. No time for fine calculations, but she knew that this
could work. The blade hard against the diamond, the hammer
struck once — and the diamond was split along the flaw, leaving
a point. It wouldn'e catch the light like the faceted stones her
father's bolder friends prepared, but that wasn't what she wanted
She mounted it, straight away, bue at the tip of a half. finished
® cating-knife from the bench. (Silver — probably not essential,
F) 7 bueiemight help.) The fixing was an impossibly tricky task that
$7 took several minutes, but she wanted it to be strong.

A roar from the next room told her that it would have to
serve. She flung open the door just in time to see a Craftmason
halberdier fall, his chest torn open by the monster's claws as it
lunged in from the street. The other man looked at her in
desperation

a modem system of science had been intro-
duced, which possessed much greater powers than the
ancient, because the powers of the latter were chi-
merical, while those of the former were real and

— Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

"Use this!" She flung him the knife, hile fist. He caught ie IE)
defily, glanced at ita moment, then reacted as one with no other
stratagems to mind. Deflecting the creature's blow with his
buckler, he ducked beneath its arms and, wich desperate strength,
drove the short blade deep into its armored chest

For a'moment the creature stared at the silver hilt. Rank 4
disbelief was unmistakable, even on its inhuman face. Then it
dropped like a sack of coal to the workshop floor.

So much for the legends," the man gasped.

"No," Rosa replied, "the astrologer had it right. Its hide
would turn aside iron or steel, orany blade or point less perfect."
She managed a strained smile. "It's just as well I was brought up
ina jeweler's shop. Nothing is more perfectly hard than dia-
mond."

"You made a weapon that could slay a Sending that's
butchered three masters of our hall..."

"Raw luck, the astrologer's words — and the ignorance of {/"

that heathen witch-man, really, brother. If he had understood \
\

that it's more than cold iron that we wield, he might have called
up a more fearsome demon."

"Hmm." The mercenary leaned againsta bench. Only now
did Rosa see the blood oozing through his mail. "We could use
luck like yours in the Mauls, girl. Any day you wish


A Sistory of
Inspivation

n tedious exile now too long detain'd,
Daedalus languish'd for his native land:
The sea foreclos'd his flight;

yet thus he said:

"Tho' Earth and water in subjection laid,
O cruel Minos, thy dominion be,
We'll go thro' air; for sure the air is free."

— Ovid, Metamorphoses

To Daedalean craftsmen, the important aspect of his-
tory is the story of human creation. They draw inspiration
from past masterworks, burrow through ancient texts and
drawings, and spend hours contemplating old buildings and
designs in search of ideas. To the Craftmasons, old buildings
are most important; not only do they embody subtleties of
geometry and craft — and provide useful exercises in
determining how particular effects were achieved — they
are moral lessons in stone, showing how the anonymous
work of thousands of humble hands can outlast the power
of kings and transcend the vanity of princes. The Attificers

(and craft-working members of other Conventions) tend to

a more personal view of workmanship, and see nothing

wrong with honoring individual genius; the history of their

Convention is the history of personal masterpieces. It is

only in the Renaissance, with the increasing spread of

Attificer philosophy and some large-scale production of

standardized devices, that focus begins to shift from the

personal to the general
Although Daedalean Artificers hold that Craft is as old
as humanity —orat least that ithas existed since Adam and

Eve, ejected from Paradise, taught themselves to delve and

spin — High Artisans trace the organized form of their

vision back to the ancient cities of Mesopotamia, where
building and irrigation works required the first large-scale,
long-term engineering in history. These practical works
transformed arid plains into cities, wherein priests and
scholars first began to look to the skies and delve into
mathematics. In Babylon, such thinkers found subtle rela-
tionships of form and number. Applying what they found to
the practicalities of building, they were the first to invoke
the great principle As Above, So Below. Sacred geometry
was born.

However, the oldest name in the Artisan'sroll ofhonor

is Egyptian: Imhotep, who worked around 2630 to 2610

B.C. As the architect of the first pyramid and an expert in

medicine, he is perhaps of more interest to the Cosians and

Craftmasons than to the Artificers, but he certainly pos-

d genius. The sacred spark spread.

SSS

SNES):

Thi
isans

Bt
A Handbook

e

The Daedalean Parable

The First Artisan in many Daedalean eyes is in fact
Daedalus of Athens, whom most of the world knows as a
vague legend, Enlightened astrologer-scholars say he lived
and worked in the 20th century B.C. To the Artificers in
particular, his story is more than a biography; it is a living
parable, full of inspiration and warnings.

Instructed by the goddess Athena (whom some Artifi-
cers interpret as a Daemon rather than as an independent
spiritual being), Daedalus showed his genius by the inven-
tion of the ax, awl and level. However, he also fell victim to
hubris and murdered his nephew Talus for showing too
much promise. This led to punishment — exile — and
having to compromise his craft by working for a tyrannical
Sleeper, King Minos of Crete. Daedalus showed his mastery
of the sphere of Life by creating the disguise that enabled
Minos' wife Pasiphae to mate with a bull and actually
produce a child, the monstrous Minotaur. (Tinkering with
Life is always dangerous!)

Subtle and clever, Daedalus found a secret apprentice
in Minos' daughter Ariadne, and suggested how she could
aid the hero Theseus to slay the monster.
conspiracy, Daedalus and his son Icarus were imprisoned in
the labyrinth of the inventor's own creation —a lesson for
those who meddle in Sleeper politics. Creating artificial
wings, Daedalus and his son escaped, but Icarus died in the
attempt. Sleepers interpret this incident as an example of
hubris punished; Icarus flew too close to the sun. Artificers,
however, see it as something more subtle — a warning
about the dangers of excessive emotional involvement with
anyone, however close, and of the dangers of the Scourge.
Daedalus flew on to Sicily, where he later took revenge on
Minos by slaying him with a technical trick.

The legend of the apprentice Ariadne takes several {
different forms. Artificers promote the version in which
she is abandoned on the island of Naxos by Theseus
(trust not those Sleepers who demand weapons of you!).
She is said to have married the god Dionysus and to have
eventually become a goddess. Some Daedaleans take this
as meaning simply that she fell into alcoholism — a
worldly error —or exce
pret the god as her Daemon and say that escaping mundane
entanglement, she achieved Ascension or at least a
mystickal version of the Zenith.

Atfirst telling, this myth hasa misogynistic air; Ariadne
was the pupil of the true (male) genius, fell for a handsome
face and probably died alone. However, many Artificer
scholars point out that of the pair, it was she who may have
attained divinity...

Suspected of

ve mysticism, but others inter-


INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

Solomon and the
Hivamic Legend

After Hatshepsut and Thothmes called together their
meeting of great minds, Awakened crafters spread across
the civilized world, mostly working on a subtle level to
distribute their philosophy among the common folk
Craftmasons claim the achievements of King Solomon the
Wise as part of their traditions, not so much for the symbols
and spells that are credited to him by the Hermetics as for
the creation of the Temple, a physical manifestation of
their ideal of unity

Masons also possess secret lore concerning this era
The Bible briefly mentions one Hiram, a bronze-worker of
Tyre who is described as creating much of the metalwork of
the Temple. Craftmason legend states that he was in fact
one of the architects of the entire building, a humble
Artisan-builder who shaped that which the divinely in-
spired magus-king proposed. Craftmasons also say that
Hiram was murdered by three lesser workmen forrefusing to
divulge secrets of his craft. When they were detected and
executed for the crime, Hiram's body was found where they
had secretly buried it, and he was reburied with honor
within the temple itself

This is a simple tale told to apprentices, showing that
aCraftmason must be on guard against jealous enemies who
envy the Convention's secrets, and that death in defense of
that lore is highly honorable. Many Craftmason induction
ceremonies involve re-enactment of the story of Hiram; the
initiate must show himself ready to face death. However,
there are other texts, more secret yet, revealed to only those
who have proved their worthiness. One apparently hints
that Hiram was not simply reburied, but thathe was actually
brought back from the dead. Alternatively, Mason-scholars
note that burial within sacred buildings is not common
Jewish practice. If Hiram was so interred, there may have
been some unique — and perhaps slightly dark — ritual

aspect involved. However, most Craftmasons dismiss such
speculations as irrelevant

The Classical World

The next great flowering of technical genius arose in
Greece (Daedalus' homeland). Inspired by earlier philoso-
phers (including Aretus, whose works would play a part in
the later history of reality-shaping science) and by knowl-
edge of sacred geometry brought from its Mesopotamian
homeland to the east, the Classical Greeks laid the founda-
tions of Western thought (and shaped some wondrous
architecture). Some Daedaleans have special respect for
Pythagoras, who declared that numbers were the founda-
tion of the universe. His other theories — especially his
obsession with reincarnation —are too woolly-minded and


Hermetic. These dissenting Crafters prefer to look to
Pythagoras' second-generation pupil Archytasof Tarentum,
an empiricist who actually applied Pythagoras' ideas to the
world of experience, and who also built automatons and
other devices (some of which flew!). But the greatest
Attificer of Greek civilization was surely Archimedes (287-
212 B.C.), who gave Sleepers numerous devices and
mathematical ideas and who built war-machines that en-
abled his home city of Syracuse to hold off the entire Roman
army for three years.

A few decades later, an astronomernamed Andronichos
Kyrthestes built the "Tower of the Winds" in Athens,
which seems to have been a building- Machina for the study
of Time, complete with both water-clocks and sundials.
However, by now the dominant power in the Mediterra-
nean world was Rome

The Romans were master engineers and builders, if
Craftmasons rate them higher than

=
g
3]

on architecture is becoming the set text for Renaissance
builders. The tome describes simple but useful machines
and lays out the rules of Classical architectural style.
However, Greek culture was the main source of new
machines in the Roman Empire.

Thus, in his Greek-dominated home city in Egypt, in
the first century A.D., the great Artificer Heron of Alexan-
dria founded an entire school of engineering and invented
steam power along with numerous other devices. (Inciden-
tally, Heron had a Greek-style name, but his ancestry is
unknown; he may well have been Egyptian —that is, North
African.) Later Artificers wonder what Heron could have
achieved if the Scourge had not obstructed him.

The East

Those who have studied Chinese texts from Classi-
cal western times are sure that Artificers of the two
cultures were in contact. Indeed, these scholars date
their Convention's rise to organized power from these
Classical times. Ancient Chinese civilization had al-
ready created all manner of interesting and useful devices,
including kites, the magnetic compass and crossbows,
and had produced many impressive building works — the
greatest and most terrible being the Great Wall of C
a defensive system created by an insane emperor who
fought (or claimed to fight) against supernatural forces,
but who also destroyed vast quantities of books, sparing
only those concerning a few useful subjects. Eastern-
born Artificers are proud to draw inspiration from past
geniuses of their own land — such as Cai Lun, who
invented paper in A.D. 105, and Zhang Heng, who built
seismographs and powered astronomical instruments in

ina,

A.D. 120 — as well as from the numerous engineers
responsible for China's astounding building works.

But China is not the only eastern source of innova-
tion. The Near East has been as influential on western
developmentas has the Far East. Much of the technology
that makes the Renaissance possible is a direct contribu-
tion of Indian, Persian and various Islamic civilizations.
Trade and the accompanying dissemination of informa-
tion is credited with much of the impetus behind the
Renaissance. One of the primary trade routes is the Silk
Road leading overland from China to Western Europe.
The Chinese silk that comes along this route is accom-
panied by damask, gauze, muslin and taffeta — all Arab
and Indian textiles. Cotton also originated with the
Muslims; Muhammad himself is said to have begun the
practice of wearing cotton by donning a white cotton
shirt and trousers under his woolen tunic

Though Chinese Artificers point toa variety of devi
as their contribution to the craftsman's domain, near east-
ern builders and inventors know that western successes are
their provenance. Many of the Greek texts used by
Craftmasons in their study of sacred geometry were trans-
lated by Arabic scholars. Indeed, al-Khwarizmi, an
astronomer and mathematician, wrote the treatise explain-
ing the entire system of Arabic numerals. Without this
work, the Artificers' complex calculations could never
have been.

Craftmasons also owe much of their knowledge of
castle-building to their observations of Arabic strongholds
during the First Crusade. Militant factions of the Artificer
traditions adopted eastern-style weapons and fighting styles
as well. Crusaders also learned more peaceable lessons from
their adversaries: irrigation techniques and raising crops
such as rice, sugarcane and citrus fruit. Even the stained-
glass windows gracing European cathedrals were a result of
Arabic influence; Muslim glaziers shared their secrets with
Venetians in 1277

The DarkAges

The fall of Rome and the similar failure of the Han
Chinese Empire were disastrous for the cause of Reason, but
no imeparable damage was done. The Chinese formulated a
lesson that served them well, by and large, for two thousand
years. Those who conquer China will find that the best way
to tule the land is to adopt its existing institutions, and
hence will inevitably become Chinese themselves. China
was conquered, but could not be destroyed — and its
craftsmen and technologies were part of the package. In the
West, Rome fell harder. Its engineering skills were lost
across most of its old territory. The secret Awakened
Artificers of the Collegium Praecepti, heirs to the mathemat-
ics of Pythagoras and the inventiveness of Heron, were
scattered.


Still, some solitary brilliant craftsmen not only kept
the flame of inspiration alive, they created new master-
works. Master-builders allied with newly triumphant
monotheists to create wondrous domed churches, asserting
the power of faith and creation in the minds of men. This
movement culminated when the vast domed church of
Hagia Sophia was raised in Constantinople in a mere six
years, between A.D. 532 and 537 —a miracle of engineer-
ing and faith. Legend says that when the Emperor Justinian
entered the completed building for the first time, he mur-
mured, "Solomon, I have surpassed thee" — a claim of
Christian victory over the Hermetic traditions, but also a
uniquely proud boast on behalf of the mason-engineers who
had done the work — or perhaps a slap in the face for their
old ideals.

In A.D. 673, again in the Byzantine Empire, a Syrian
architect and alchemist named Kallinikos faced down the
Scourge that had previously made incendiary weapons
impossibly dangerous. He gave "Greek Fire" to the empire's
Sleepers. Ironically, this weapon was used to defend
Byzantium against the rising power of Islam, but it was the
Muslim world that combined Persian libraries, the knowl-
edge of Greek scholars exiled from the Byzantine Empire
(by Justinian, ironically enough), and its own dynamic faith
tocreate new innovations. Baghdad was the greatest source
of innovation and science in the world for a few centuries.
Islam produced such figures as the Bani Musa (Sons of
Musa), who calculated the circumference of the Earth and
created subtle pneumatic and hydraulic devices in the
ninth century A.D., and AbJazari, who in A.D. 1206
completed a book on intricate water-clocks that marked
time with musical sounds or moving statues.

Meanwhile in Europe, more subtle inventors improved
agricultural methods — a seemingly minor change that
S would help the lands of the cold north rise to power in
coming centuries. In China, bureaucracy had some space
for engineering geniuses, especially in the field of irrigation
and canal-building, which was essential ro some regions.
Around A.D. 600, the Minister of Works Yuwen Kai built
cities, canals and water-clocks. However, Chinese tradi-
tion is of more interest to High Artisans, who respect genius
wherever they find it, than it is to the Craftmasons; few
Chinese inventors or builders ever did much for the humble
peasantry, although many labor-saving inventions helped
improve commoners' lives a little over the years.

ANew Foundation

While Artisans of various styles and cultures had
united in different cities at different times for protection
and exchange of ideas, the gathering of craftsmen in Frank-
furt, in A.D. 997, was slightly more significant. Europe felt
alittle safer, and rather richer, than ithad for centuries. The
Holy Roman Emperor had married a Byzantine princess and
encouraged new, greater buildings (especially cathedrals)

INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

Halfa century later, anew style of architecture, later termed
"Romanesque," appeared. Master craftsmen wandered the
continent. Some carried the half-forgotten ideals of sacred
geometry and declared that the buildings they crafted could
and should reflect the glories of creation. But feudal lords
had their own ideas and were determined that their author-
ity should not be questioned. Meanwhile, Hermetic magi in
their hidden Covenants claimed a monopoly on arcane
lore, required that "hedge magicians" should join them or
die, and grasped greedily after any places of power, any
sources of the "Vis" they craved, And as for the Creatures
of the Night...

Lone Craftsmen ultimately stood no chance against
such forces. One man determined to find a solution.
Wolfgang von Reismann called in favors accumulated over
many years, used the good name he had forged and brought
together a great congregation — the "Gathering of the
Square." It was a chaotic meeting, and few who attended
were in full agreement with each other, but they did nearly
all agree about their collective problem. Once they had sat
down together, they recognized a certain brotherhood.
Thus were founded the Craftmasons, who would perform so.
much of the building work of the Order of Reason.

A Growing Wisdom

The 12th and 13th centuries saw further advances for
the cause of Reason in Europe, often in the midst of what
seemed to be its greatest enemies. The Crusades led to all
manner of bloodshed and hatred, but they sent Europeans
—scholars as well as soldiers — back and forth between the
"Frankish" lands and the East. Much lore — overt and
occult — was transmitted in the process. Indeed, an Italian 4
nobleman within the very Order of Hermes named Lorenzo
Golo discovered an ancient Greek text in an Arabic trans-
lation. He used it to propose an inspired form of science that
owed little to mysticism. (That science is a little subjective
for most Daedaleans' tastes. Although many of Golo's
disciples now work within the Conventions, his philo-
sophical theories remain highly controversial. In the far
future, this entire school of thought breaks away and even-
tually aligns itself with the Traditions.)

And there was Roger Bacon, the "Doctor Mirabilis."
This 13th-century master Artificer, teacher, friar and al-
chemist single-handedly laid the foundations for Daedalean
growth over the nexthundred years. He appears to have had
a deep, intuitive understanding of the limits placed on his
work by the newly growing Scourge, and set out to intro-
duce new scientific ideas and devices through subtlety.
Cool-headed Sleeper historians remember him for his writ-
ings and theories, and look with amusement on the wilder
legends of wonder-working attached to his name; the talk-
ing brass head, for example, that burst soon after it was
made. Artificers understand that such stories may be literal
truth, Bacon learned the secret of gunpowder and released


ing it into popular acceptance by stages. His other writings
mention flying machines and self-propelled carriages as
potential benefits of philosophy, not as proven (but self-
annihilating) facts. His great weakness was, perhaps, his
failure to apply his scientific rigor to some of his religious
beliefs; he came to believe in certain apocalyptic prophe-
cies that were current in his time, and this, combined with
his other teachings, brought him trouble with his fellow
churchmen. However, Bacon's influence within the na-
scent High Artisans

is and remains immense.

Meanwhile, the Craftmasons tested their strength.
Stephen Trevanus' small-scale peasant revolt in England
was little more than an angry outburst, but the fall of
Mistridge in A.D. 1210, involving the cannons that would
be given to European Sleepers a century later, showed what
they could achieve. Europe's Masons were lucky enough to
be fighting wars that they could win. In Chi

the

The White Tower

Acthe beginning of the 14th century, scholars such as
Petrarch in wealthy Italian cities rediscovered Classical
literature and philosophy and distributed it to the Sleeper
world. The lords, Hermetic mages and vampires who domi-
nated those lands were tolerant, even supportive; they had
developed a taste for fine art and gracious living and saw no
harm in a few academics discussing wild and untenable
ideas about human dignity and objective reality. The Arti-
sans and Craftmasons on the edges of these developments
watched and plotted.

In A.D. 1325, in a remote area of northwest France,
they struck. Yoassmy of Brittany was a typical, if excep-
tionally powerful, Hermetic magus. The Masons who
had been watching her for years judged that she had
grown apart from worldly concerns and played games
with Scourge and Quiet while the lands she ruled fell
into decay. The Artisans' Church allies of the moment
were offended by Yoassmy's hubris; she denied much that
they held sacred. (The Craftmas
silence on such thoughts.) The ensuing assault was not
without cost, not only in troops, but in reputation;
Yoassmy almost became a martyr for the cause of super-
stition, with tales suggesting thatshe achieved Ascension
even as she was cast down. But the prize —a fine tower,
a strong Cray — was not to be disregarded. And in the
midst of Yoassmy's laboratories, a Craftmason captain
turned and said, It does not have to stop here

tained a tactful

ons ma

Thus was founded the Order of Reason. Not that
triumph was immediate. Plagues wracked Europe, perhaps
delaying the Renaissance byacentury. The Solificati showed

Thi

aA rtisans

e

themselves to be hopeless mystics and had to be cast out of
the Order. Battles won in guildhalls and universities were
balanced by losses in countryside and palace. But the Order
discovered the strength of the many, which the enemy had
disregarded. Furthermore, as war became overt, it involved
straightforward weapons in large numbers, which the Arti-_\
sans understood better than anyone. Cannon were
distributed widely, but Craftmasons were almost as pleased
with the battlefield victories of Welsh and English
longbowmen. The Masons also knew how to build castles
for defense, while enemies who retreated behind such walls
often discovered that some past master-builder left subtle
flaws for his brethren to exploit.

The High Artisans, with new ideas to inspire them and
wealth from newly rich patrons to support them, retired to ¢
their workshops for a while. They emerged with flying
machines and other new devices to challenge their rallying
enemies. Among Sleepers, many in the Church were bought
over with simple clocks, placing expert craftsmen in posi-
tions of trust in many an abbey or cathedral. The
Craftmasons, flushed with victory, used the webs of influ-
ence and friendship they had spun across Europe while
building the great Gothic cathedrals to encourage peasant
revolts, Unfortunately, such revolts were generally cut
down ruthlessly, The highest and most ambitious cathe-
drals sometimes collapsed as the Scourge seeped into
mundane workmanship, destroying that which lacked a
properly developed and understood system of mathematical
theory to sustain it. The Craftmasons, angry with them-
selves for their over-reaching enthusiasm, resolved to take
more care, to work with their new allies to develop ideas
that would make their schemes viable.

Thus, a new phase in the Artificer program was pre-
pared, with ideas and simple inventions spreading among
Sleepers, and astounding inventions emerging from the
workshops of the Enlightened.

The enemies of Reason are about to face assaults, not
only on their physical defenses, but also on their authority
and their dreams.

Current Events

] 0 the Heavens above us

O look and behold

The Planets that love us

All hamessed in gold!

What chariots, what horses
Againse us shall bide

While the Stars in their courses

Do fight on our side?

— Rudyard Kipling, An Astrologer's Song


INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

a nin.

Artificer "magick" is on the rise. It remains essentially

vain in the eyes of most Sleepers, who do not see how

EX arrangements of metal and stone can accomplish so much

BZ") But that is changing. Not only do many a local lord's troops

BK take up handguns in place of bows, but the local abbey may

PR well have installed a clock in its tower to mark the hours of

prayer. Meanwhile, the rich merchant's townhouse is built

ona strange and elegant new pattern. It seems that crafts-
manship can accomplish what it claims, after all.

Of course, some feats are more plausible than others.
Flight is centuries away for Sleepers, and the power of vast
architecture and stonework remains elusive and subtle. It
eventually comes to seem that the Masons produce grand
schemes but limit immediate change in the world, while
Artisans can accomplish almost anything they wish, but
only on a small scale. For their part, the Void Seekers
benefit ftom a series of subtle but useful improvements in
mundane ship-building and navigation, while the Celestial
Masters have to keep their voyages and craftsmanship
secret and to fight bitterly for the triumph of their science
in mundane society.

For now, Enlightened craftsmen are entangled in a
bitter war for hearts and minds. In universities, hermetic
magick and alchemy remain admired, while in the country-
side witches and secret wise-men retain their influence.
Thus, Artisans and Masons must look for support elsewhere

— among the common folk of cities. From that base, they
work outward in all directions. They support scholars who
promote rationalism and humanism, which implies that

considered works of the human hand are more potent than 4

invocations of superstition. Artisans also promote artists

whose thoughtful creativity demonstrates just how much is. |

possible. Reason seems strongest in Italy, home of the
Renaissance, and in the Ottoman Empire, with its tradition
of Islamic scholarship. Yet both these lands are hotbeds of
religious power. The corruption of the papacy may under-
mine superstition, but it also makes trouble for everyone,
while the Ottoman version of Islam grows increasingly
legalistic and always places revelation above science. Thus,
and to the distaste of their Gabrielite allies, Artificers begin
to look further afield for aid

The Northern Lands

A string of wars rages across the north of Europe. Some
are horrific half-secret contests of supernatural forces. Oth-
ersare overt mundane conflicts based on religiousdifferences
and dreams of conquest. Frequently, the two become en-
tangled. The Order of Reason takes a special interest in all.

The north is still a frontier region from the point of
view of Christendom. Lithuania, a land of swamps and
forests, nominally became Christian in A.D. 1387, but that

PRD)


was more a piece of royal politics than a mass conversion.
Paganism — of a robust, rather bloody kind — remains
. Lithuania's "conversion" is partly a reaction
to the power of the Teutonic Knights, an old crusading
order that has taken control of Prussia (ruthlessly wiping
out paganism there), and which sees further conquests as
opportunities for wealth and to serve God. The Lithuanians
hold off the knights successfully, but largely by forming
close alliance with Christian Poland, which threatens to
become the dominant partner.

The north isa cauldron in which the Infernal can brew
carnage in the name of the Old Faith. Appa Bloodax and his
even more terrible offspring Tezghul the Insane hold the
mundane rank of senior chiefs in Lithuania, but their power
is that of Hell. Such evils would be a threat in any land, but
here, with Christianity hated and feared, and true pagans
seemingly powerless, the raw power of darkness holds a
certain appeal to the short-sighted. By the time they learn
what it is they have allied with, it is too late.

powerful he

Bringing down Tezghul demands more than the swords
of the Teutonic Order. In A.D. 1472, an entire Daedalean
army is needed to stop him. The costly victory gives surviv-
ing Artificers a certain deep satisfaction — the power of
Hell itself proves vulnerable to cannon and clockwork
tanks. At the Battle of Harz, the new machines prove their
worth, as even the Gabrielites acknowledge

(Later, the Order of Reason suppresses records of this
war, hiding it in the confused struggles between Lithuania
and the Teutonic Knights. It is not helpful for Sleepers to
suspect that pagans and devil-worshippers once had power
enough to threaten all of Germany.)

The Hussites

Meanwhile in Bohemia, Christendom itself is in tur-
moil. In 1415, adedicated philosopher-preacher named Jan
Hus is burned at the stake for his campaign for Church
reform. A Church built on martyrsshows an uncanny talent
for making more of them. A great movement that combines
Czech nationalism with Hussite religious reform rises up
against the power of the Catholic Church and the foreign
lords who claim power in that land. The Hussites them-
selves soon split beoween moderate and extremist factions,
but even so, they beat off numerous crusading attacks
between 1420 and 1436, eventually obtaining a semi-
independent Bohemian Catholic Church for themselves
(at the cost of other, more extreme objectives)

The Order of Reason has a problem here. The Cabal of
Pure Thought violently disapproves of the Hussites ("One
Church, One Faith, One God!"), although a few of them
admit that there is a need for Church reform. The
Craftmasons, on the other hand, make no secret of their
support for this popular movement. The Hussites defeat
armies of nobles and knights by deploying cannon and

handguns within mobile "wagon fortresses"; whether or not
the Craftmasons surreptitiously give them aid, this is the
most spectacular display of technological might ever seen
in Sleeper warfare in the West, and it causes numerous
other nations to adopt similar ideas. Incidentally, occa-
sional alliances between Bohemian and Lithuanian factions
give everyone pause for thought, but do not seem to have
any lasting consequences.

The Hussites endure for many years and exert some
influence on the later growth of Protestantism before fading
away. The Craftmasons always regard this era with affec-
tion. With gunpowder and printing alike well-developed in
Germany and neighboring lands, they find much promise
here.

The Fall of Constantinople

At the start of the Dark Fantastic period,
Constantinople, once the proud successor to Rome it-
self, has been reduced toa joke. The "Byzantine Empire"
now consists of a few lands along the coast of the Black
Sea, cut off on alll sides by the Ottoman Turks ro whom
the emperor is obliged to pay tribute. The city itself has
survived so long only because it happens to be extremely
defensible, but the old walls crumble and the Ottomans
have acquired cannons

The end comes in A.D. 1453. The Byzantines have
tried appealing to the West for aid, and their leaders have
even attempted to merge their Orthodox Church with
Roman Catholicism, but the people of the city do not
accept this option even in the face of annihilation. The
Order of Reason notes that; the cause of "One Faith, One
Church" is not much served by helping the city, while
numerous Artisans (of all kinds) find profitable service in
the Ottoman ranks. Some ancient Hermetics, Kabbalists
and alchemists — residents of the city — see the way of
things and withdraw silently. Several wise vampires do
much the same, for the Muslims bring fire and strong faith.
A few Venetian and Genoese troops show up to offer forlorn
aid (ironically so, given the old rivalry between Venice and
Constantinople), but the walls soon crumble, the city is
stormed and the last Roman emperor dies (fighting nobly in
the streets, to his credit).

The Refugees

But even this apparent disaster for the Christian cause
has long-term benefits for Europe. Once the city's doom
becomes evident, a large number of Greek scholars, perhaps
not trusting the renowned Muslim respect for learning, flee
westward, mostly to Italy. Those students bring ancient
Greek texts (and native skills in the Greek language),
tensive knowledge of ancient and eastern philosophy,
and anew outlook on many topics. They fuel the next stage
in the Renaissance.


There are some Awakened among them. They may
owe allegiance to the Traditions or to the Conventions,
or they may be of the Disparate, but the variety of
unfamiliar thoughts they carry give most advantage to
those who favor change in the old order of things.

Spain

Noris Christendom in disarray everywhere. In Spain,
the old Muslim Kingdom of Granada, once the most
glorious and sophisticated of all Islamic powers, has been
on the retreat for centuries, ever since political fragmen-
tation left it vulnerable to religious fanatics from the
north (and to undermining assaults from its own sup-
posed allies, in the form of fanatical fundamentalist
Muslim powers out of North Africa). By the end of the
century, Granada falls to a newly united, confident, very
Christian Spain that goes on to become one of the
world's great powers.

This is a favored land among the Cabal of Pure
Thought. Other Daedaleans, let alone the Council of
Nine, keep their heads down for the moment. In time,
§, the Void Seekers and their mundane associates find the
King of Spain a wealthy (if greedy) patron — but so does
the Inquisition,

Asia

Across the rest of the world, the cause of applied
science has its gains and losses. India, for example, has
often seemed a promising region, wealthy and sophisti-
cated. Indian smiths made some of the finest blades of
the Middle Ages (which, traded to Muslim traders, gave
Arab metalwork a somewhat exaggerated reputation in
the West). Indian mathematics, with its subtle use of the
zero, has actually been the source of some of the scien-
tific miracles of the age. But India suffers from chronic
population problems, which in turn encourage an ele-
ment of fatalism in philosophy (which disgusts
Craftmasons who hear of it). The land is also dominated
by Muslim conquerors. Because its rulers, native and
foreign alike, never learn to reward ingenuity and inno-
vation, marvelously talented Indian craftsmen tend to
make what is asked of them and no more. The Order of
Reason takes little interest in the region, leaving it to
Arabian allies of the Mokteshaf Al-Nour to plunder
what they can. Thus, invading Moslem Moguls, descen-
dants of the Mongols who were fully able to hold off the
Ottomans on one side while striking hard on the other,
have a clear technological advantage.

INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

ably easy to turn to the cause of science, in fact. Ulugh Beg,
grandson of Tamberlane the terrible, lord of Turkestan, is
anactive astronomer who builds the greatest observatory in
the Sleeper world in Samarkand.)

China, meanwhile, is still a land of wondrous crafts-
manship; some of its mundane products (rugged sea-going
junks, delicate porcelain) surpass anything that European
Sleepers are induced to create for centuries. The Chinese
have used gunpowder longer than anyone else, and
Dalow'laoshi texts are much in demand among European
Daedaleans for their ideas on the explosive's applications.

China is in one of its reasonably strong periods under
Ming emperors, and the Dalow'laoshi, in slightly uneasy
alliance with Wu Lung alchemists, are dominant and
confident. However, the very strength of the Ming causes
the Dalou'laoshi to become staid and static. Although
Daedalean Artificers continue to regard China as the
second great center of their power for centuries to come, it
is easier to innovate in Europe

TheAge of Exploration

Europe's explosion of confidence and assertive expan-
sion, fueled partly by the dreams of numerous Daedaleans,
spreads new ideas around the globe. Nautical powers have
probed down Africa's west coast for the last couple of
centuries, but the ocean has proved too unforgiving for
Mediterranean galleys. It takes strong new sailing ships and
the compass newly brought by land from China to permit
western nations to trade direct with India without paying
tolls to Venice and the Turk. Those same vessels soon
prove capable of reaching a whole new world across the
Atlantic — a world that is changed forever.

Of course, Columbus and Vasco de Gama have already
been anticipated by Void Seekers, who have determined
much about distant lands. (Whether or not they realize it, the
world is shaped and pinned down by the iton wills of those
secret Enlightened travelers.) Later generations find odd
evidence that Columbus may have possessed some older map
or logbook, justifying his confidence in his chances of success.
Ie may well be that Columbus' journey was the Order of
Reason'sfirstand greatestofall manipulationsofhistory. They
perhaps granted the wealth of distant or unknown lands to the
European nations where their dynamic, humanistic philoso-
phies and monotheistic faith were strongest, and thus ensured
a world made in their own image. The cost may yet be greater
than they dreamed, but notnecessariy greater than they would
have wished to pay.


old is for the mistress — silver for the maid —
Copper for the craftsman cunning at his
trade.

"Good!" said the Baron, sitting in his hall,
"But Iron — Cold Iron — is master of them

all."
— Rudyard Kipling, Cold Iron

Artificer creation is but one aspect of something huge
and much more strange: the Ars Praeclarus. This is the
immensely practical application of a rather abstract philo-
sophical idea; the concept that the world can be
comprehended and analyzed on a practical level, that to
understand a thing is to have power over it, and that —
most outrageous of all — human reason is adequate to

Hermetic magi, for example, are just as prone to measurement
and may be even more fussily precise. (Alchemy, on the other
hand, is slightly annoying to the Artificer viewpoint. It starts
well enough, with the idea of analyzing and manipulating the
material forms of the world, butsoon strays off into wild realms
of symbol and subjectivity. Artificer alchemy is rather basic
when compared to the subtle, strange arts of the Solificati or
the AhLi-Batin [see sidebar].) But emphasis on mechanism
and mechanical force is peculiar to the Artisans and
Craftmasons. Indeed, Artificers' ideas — the belief that man
is the measure of all things; the claim that nothing in nature,
© save perhaps skill and diligence, justifies the ascendancy ofone
human over another — are downright outrageous. Although
builders currently remain allied to the worshipful Gabrielites,
and very, very few of them deny the supremacy of God, an
Artificer's deity is a distant, rather abstract being, a divine
mechanic who created the world, set it in motion and now
stands back.

Humanism

Still, Artificers do not go completely against the spirit of
the age. The Renaissance is driven by what is one day called
Humanism. (Note that the word is not yet in use; magus-
philosophers talk more generally of "Classical ideas" and
"modern philosophy.") This belief system has grown from
study of a mass of newly translated Classical authors into a
whole system of thought. It emphasizes human virtues and
capabilities and seeks to improve society by the direct applica-
tion of ideas. Many European Renaissance magi, including
members of the Nine Traditi
Daedalean Artificers are only peculiar in that they are so
literal-minded about it. They study material things, apply
human capabilities to them and set out to change the world by
the direct application of the powers gained

, are humanists of some sort.

However, the Artificer version of Humanism is material-
istic, meticulous and precise. The innovators have little to do
with the version that draws on certain recently translated
Hermetic texts (especially the "Emerald Tablet" of Hermes
Trismegistus), which is more mystical and less analytical.
(Also, none of the Awakened accept one early Humanist
ideal: balance and restraint in all things. The master strives
toward the Zenith!)
Craftmasonsare (literally) the mostrevolutionary in their
philosophy. They combine some Humanist ideas with older
schemes and grudges. While the High Artisan embraces the
Humanist idea chat he should transform himself, and thus be
able to transform the human world, the Craftmason nods

Al-kobl and Other Exoticisms

The Attificers and innovators of the AhLi-Batin
donothave the same attitude toward esoteric sciences
as do their European counterparts. Chemistry, phi-
losophy and most importantly alchemy all have their
place in Batini studies.

On amore mundane level, the laboratories of the
Subtle Ones have grown to be accepted as unremark-
able, if not commonplace, in Islamic areas. The Batini
have slipped several concoctions into public circula-
tionthatmighthavebeen impossible otherwise: distilled
alcohol, forone. Sleeperhealersand Awakened inven-
tors fascinated with modifications to the human body
make great use of alcohol. Its virtues as a preservative
also begin to become common knowledge. Many of
the dyes and pigments used by clothiers and artists are
products of Arabian laboratories, and the process of
staining glass is a direct result of scientific experimen-
tation and creative use of Matter arts.

However, some Batini laboratories are the sort
about which devout Christians and dedicated Artifi-
cers whisper and grumble —dens of strangely bubbling
flasks, mysterious vapors and brightly colored liquids.
Alchemy isnotan idle waste of time to the Batini, and
they have proved their conviction well-founded (not
even the Solificati, with theirregimented protocol and.
near-fanaticism, achieve the heights of discovery that
the Murshids do). Simply transmuting lead into gold is
child's play for these sophisticated experimenters. Cre-
atingLunargent (truesilver) or Hermium (truemercury)
is somewhat more difficult. Yet none of these accom-
plishments suffice for the Ahl-i-Batin.

Batini alchemists' ultimate search is for Omnium,
the material essence of all elements. True silver, true
gold and even true mercury are wondrous indeed, but
each is only one thing —one thing in its purest form.
Mastery and enlightenment lie in Unity. Perhaps the
keys to spirit, flesh and earth all at once will be found
in the physical realm.


INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

careful agreement to the idea that human virtue is paramount,
then asks which human beings are most virtuous? Does crude
power really make the aristocrat or the magus better, or truly
more important than the plowman? However, lacking power
base in the great universities, Craftmasons never succeed in
planting these ideas within the new philosophy. Still, with
Jea that virtue arises from human effort, they agree with
holars in many ways.

theiri¢
many

And with Daedalean Artificers' belief that meticulous
logic and study of the material world will grant them all the
powerthat they need, and thatall their Arts, howeverabstract,
serve the very practical purpose of liberating them from the
shacklesof the past, these creatorsare well-equipped tochange
the world

Other Powers

hey builded a tower to shiver the sky and
wrench the stars apart,

Till the Devil grunted behind the bricks
"Ie's striking, but is it Art?"

The stone was dropped by the quarry-
side, and the idle derrick swung,

While each man talked of the aims of art, and each in an
alien tongue

Rudyard Kipling, The Conundrum of the Workshops

Allies

"Master? There are others we can trust, aren't there?"

Jasper the Silversmith looked sideways at his apprentice
"Don't test me, girl. You've heard what I've been saying of the
Order."

"And what do the others do? Or is that all Craft Secrets?"

"No... Though they have plenty of secrets, to be sure." The
master shrugged and sat back. "Very well. You're already
involved in our fights; now's as good a time as any to tell you such
stuff.

"To begin with, you must realize that we won't ally wich
any who don't see things as we do, more or less. That'd be foolish
— a waste of good effort. But if they understood what's needed
fully as well as we do — well, they'd be Artisans, not allies
wouldn't they? So they all have their flaws and weak links
Nothing we can't let pass when there's greater work to be done, \\
but it's all a nuisance."
re even the Craftmasons flawed then, Master?"

"Oh, the Masons are fine and honest craftsmen, girl. But
they need to be watched sometimes. They're too —restless. Too
busy hating the sorcerers and witches, I think. I reckon that's
why we chose to stand apart from them —or they from us. They
were running around waving hammers while we got on with the

True Work.


ever have the chance to speak to one who was at the White ||}
Tower, you'll hear some tales of polite back-stabbing and silly |¥
hairsplitting, let me tell you, girl. The High Guild, for instance  \
— merchants. Imagine old Gregor the Fleming, down at the
market, with all that love of haggling, but a dozen times more
cunning. Strange thought, isn't it? Well, that's the High Guild
foryou. Peddlers to the core, and that makes 'em nigh on thieves

in my book. They know something of the Sacred Crafts, but they

use it to twist minds around like soft clay." The man paused,
then smiled. "But don't treat 'em as enemies. Once they've
learned to respect you, they'll pay a fair price, by and large. And
better to lose your purse through a bit of honest haggling than
your soul through foolish magick

"And there were others, I'm told, back at the Tower —
spies and knife-men, really tricksy types. But even if they're still
around, they aren't a true guild or craft — just servants t0 the

high muckety-mucks. Servants to do dirty jobs when the need
presses, perhaps.

"Anyway, where was I? Ah, yes. You should know about
the Cosians, too. The Hippocratic Circle, if you remember what
little Greek you've learned. Barber-surgeons with more knowl-
edge of alchemy and old books than you'd ever believe. Clever
folk, from what I've seen. They know flesh as we know metal
But how do you feel about folks who hang around dead bodies all
the time, playing with 'em?"

"That sounds fearful," the girl answered

"Then you're letting the flesh rule you, girl. It's only fles
feels fear. But never mind that for now. Who else? Oh yes, the
priests — Servants of Gabriel. They tend to our souls, girl, so
be polite to'em. Butdon'tlet em forget who builds their churches
and forges their swords. Politely. They can be too quick with the
flame or the exorcism sometimes

"Which justleaves the Celestial Masters and the Explorators,
The star-gazers are philosophers with some very strange ideas,
and their friends are sailors and wanderers with a bit of jumped-
up hedge lore. (We're showing them some new Machinae
though. Sailors will always accept tools that make their lives
easier and safer.) They seem to get on with each other, and we
keep 'em aligned with us because — well, the star-gazers have a
pretty good grasp of astrology, which you know is a useful
of the Sacred Craft, and they're bright. And the wanderers see
plenty. It's always handy to know what's to be seen or where to
g0 to find some rare stone or fine ore. And they're both good
customers, with crafter members who work closely with us, and
respect us accordingly

"Mind you, the Masons are less happy with all this than us
The High Guild aren' t polite to those who aren't much interested
in trade, and the Gabrielites fight as knights in armor who're
wont to treat their foot soldiers less than kindly. The others are
too wrapped up in their studies and dreams to join in pullingdown
the high and mighty. Hah — they are the high and mighty


"But the thing to recall with all of 'em, girl, is that they
need us, and it's clever to make ourselves useful. The traders
want their astrolabes and tide-tables, and their neat little guns
and fine steel blades, because they keep meeting bandits and
pirates. Oh, and they keep pestering us for better clocks —
something to do with navigation, they say. The Gabrielites
want bigger weapons, for when prayer isn't enough. The
body-cutters want aid with alchemical works, and experts in
drawing and measurement, and the strangest instruments
you ever did see. And they all want tools, from chisels to
lenses. The Masons don't grasp that; they make plain tools
for their own use and never see the ways of give and take

"But us — we make ourselves useful. They can't do
without us, so we'll always be the strongest of 'em, even if
they think of us as servants. And by being useful, we work
together to make the world anew."

Che Traditions

"So, then — sorcerers are people who know about the
Sacred Arts, but who we can't work with?"

The Master Craftsman paused, then smiled darkly
"That's not a bad way of putting it at that, you know, girl.
Save that it flatcers the bastards

"Yes, there's wizards out there who know a little of the
Great Works. But they twist it all. They sit in their cowers
and colleges, plotting and communing with who-knows-what
ungodly beings, looking down on the rest of us and never
caring what becomes of anyone but themselves. The
Craftmasons hate 'em from way back, because they're so
cruel and cold. Why, wizards have to swear all sorts of
ungodly oaths to each other just to keep themselves from each
other's throats!"

"They shouldn't be a terrible danger, then."

"Ah, but some of 'em are cunning, girl, and they spend
so long about their work that some are pretty damned power-
ful. And alongside them, there's the alchemists, damn their
treacherous hides..."

"L thought alchemy was a Sacred Study?"

"Oh, it has its place. There's folk within our guilds who
use it to good purpose. But the order of alchemists — the
Solificati — swore to our alliance at the White Tower. Then,
when they came to see that their ungodly ways and crazy
notions would have to change, they turned against us.

"And the sorcerers have other allies. Pagan witches from
the woods who scream and gibber about blood and trees when
you try to talk sense to them. Creation is sacred, gir! — and
that sore don't create. They huddle in the mud, scared of
anything better. And just lately, it seems, they've gone
looking for more friends. Outlanders from all over the
world

"Heathens?"

INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

"Carefulwhat words you use, girl!" The older Artisan snapped
back. "Wehave allies who havenever been baptized. The Gabrielites
are none too happy with that, you can be sure — but it's better to
make the best of ‘em your friends than to have nothing but enemies
The factis, the Sacred Arts are older than the Church — older than
Rome, the books sayy. Our word has been spreading longer than the
Faith, so naturally it's gone further.

"But our friends in those distant lands — the Turks'
empire, India, Cathay — they've the same problems we have
Sorcery and such. All sorts of strange tales have come to us —
wizards who worship death, magicians who can shatter rocks
with their bare hands, mad prophets... I'd not believe half of it,
save that my friends among the Mauls — steady fighters, not
panicked rabble —have talked of facing some strange foes lately.

"And as for heathens — oh yes, we face such as that wild
witch-man whose Sending you helped slay. Folk beyond the
Church can have commerce with demons and ghosts and even
stranger bogies. But not all our enemies are like that; we even NY
have to fight heretics from within the Holy Church itself, who b
seem to work miracles. Ie all looks like wizardry to me, and they
are allied with the more honest wizards." The next sentence was
spoken with a laugh. "The Gabrielites truly hate them."

OthersAwakened

"Mind you, there's more in the world than any of us can
know and that's the truth. Careful who you say this 0, girl, but
even the Holy Church doesn't know everything. Some fair
powerful adepts have scattered to the winds and shrugged off us
and the sorcerers alike. Fools, in truth — they'll learn better
sooner or later — but they're mostly harmless. Don't assume
that all the power you meet comes from a friend or a threat. 4

"And do understand one thing. The foes I've just spoken of
are killers and braggarts, and they traffic with powers that should
be avoided and ground back to dust, but for all the priests say,
they aren' t devil-worshippers. They use fragments of the Sacred
Arts, alchemy and Greek philosophy and such. They're pagans
and well-meaning heretics at worst.

"But there's worse. First, there's the mad, who go about
protected by magick much like the magick that preserves children
and drunks. The Scourge doesn't touch 'em. Stay away from
"em if you can — the mad don't like the sane and they'll strike
youdown. Because they aren't burnt by their own folly, they can
grow fearful strong.

"But worst of all, yes, there are wizards who worship Satan
and his devils. Every bad thing you hear of them in church i true.
They're horrible, but they know how to speak honeyed words
and pretty lies. Call upon the Gabrielites if you should ever
chance upon such, for the sake of your soul and the safety of the
world. And don't take chances — too many wizards who are not
swom to the Sacred Arts tend that way. It's one of the best
reasons to fear those who are not your sworn friends."

ZZ

ARDY,


KF
Night Folk

The senior Artisan leaned back. "And while I've got you
frightened — I devoutly hope, for you are a sensible girl, forall your
brashness—you should know that here's otherdemons inthe night
Blood-suckers, mostly. Vile creatures with strength and dark arts
given 'em by the Devil himself."

"Can such be killed?" the girl asked

"With erouble.... Yes, girl, they can. In fact, they fear fire, as
F ow' vedoubtless heard, though otherwiseittakes agreatdeal to bring
"emdown. And what better proofis there ofthe godliness of our arts?
For we wield fire and our smithies bring forth mighty weapons. As
twe leam more of the great crafts, we grow better at slaying horrors."
They shared a smile at that.

"But there's others I should mention," he went on, "‘skin-
changers, for example. They lurk in the woods in the guise of wolves
and such. They may look like men, some of the time, but the mark
of a man is acting like a man — and these act like beasts

"And — well, P've a bad feeling that your mother told you
fairy-stories when you were in your cradle. Right?"

The girl nodded.

"And like most children, you clapped your hands and called them
pretty? Well, forget that if e'er you meet a true fairy. Think on the
nastinessin those tales — the child-stealingand the disregard for godliness.
Mind you, it's said that a few of em are fair craftsmen and not entirely
evil—buttakeacare." Again, thewolfshsmile. "O' course, they mostly
hate iron, which again shows how godly our crafeis."

"And what of ghosts?" the pupil asked

"You shoneld pay more attention in chuerch, girl — not all your
‘mother's tales had much uth in em. The dead awvait Judgment and
don't disturb the living, by and large."

"But there are those who do."

"Oh, perhaps. The world is a complicated piece of work and
even God must allow some exceptions to his own rules. There are
tales enough.... Yes, the dead may walk at times. But the philoso-
phers among our guilds say that there are walls and shields protecting
the world, and I doubt that any ghost could make much trouble.
Sacred geometry isalivingpower, girl, and stronger than any threat

"Now — you've heard enough for the day. No sense in
leaming of what else there is in the world if you never pay attention
to your own craft."

\ . .
)) Secret Societies
and Lodges
Fear Et|| (factions, mundane or otherwise, are

as intimately entangled in the com-
3
He

plexities of daily life as are the High

SPB i494] Artisans and Craftmasons. The Order
Riis
WSS

of Hermes has created a formal organi-
zation for itself from the ground up in

Thi
rtisans
Handbook

e

order to avoid conflict and to govern relations between
hermetic wizards. Religious magi have adopted the forms of
the monastery or the temple, but the Attificers have simply
adopted and extended the system of guilds and trade fellow-
ships, because that is in large part the soil from which
creator societies grew.

Admittedly, the oldest source of inspiration for Artifi-
cer groups is more academic than practical: the scholars'
and engineers' colleges of China and Greece, such as that
in Alexandria. By Roman times, urban craftsmen were
grouped in collegia. One special case was the Collegium
Praecepti that preserved much of the Ars Praeclarus. The
collegia survived in the Byzantine Empire and may have
inspired similar ideas in Europe — perhaps through the
secret influence of the early Craftmasons. Certainly when
the Masons consolidated themselves in A.D. 997 they did
so as a trade brotherhood.

This, being essentially a friendly alliance of itinerant
workers of one kind or another, need not have been espe-
cially formal. Such a group could have been far less orderly
than a true guild, for example. However, human beings
havea strange urge, not just to order, but to mystery, so that
even the most innocuous fellowship may have passwords
and initiations. These codes do help bind members together
when unity is needed, say in defiance of an employer. In any
case, the Craftmasons taught and promulgated the arts of
sacred geometry, which required formal study, care and
testing. The numerous levels and signs that were developed
were therefore needed. Well, often enough.

Meanwhile, the Artisans remained less orderly, but
even more given to ritual. Priding themselves on their
mastery of high arts, and mostly having been educated as
craftsmen, they formed a vast number of small local groups
on the model of the craft guild. Over time, and with the
encouragement of their Craftmason allies, these cabals
were brought together and adopted some common titles
and ideals.

Yet these larger groups still remain anarchic. Many
a great High Artisan sees no cause whatsoever to involve
himself in organization — or indeed, to leave his work-
shop more often than absolutely necessary. High Artisans
are also given to seeking the patronage of the powerful,
often from mere Sleepers or members of other Daedalean
Conventions. The Craftmasons may despise this "pan-
dering to the o'er-mighty," but the Artisans are more ¢
willing to live with things-as-they-are. A patron may be
importunate or annoying, but access to power makes the
shaping of a new world much easier in some ways. Of
course, Artisans must forever dance a delicate step with
such patrons, promising what is desired, delivering enough
to sustain the relationship, but not giving away that
which is secret or bringing down the Scourge on one who
should be kept as a happy friend.


INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

} alone vampires, is discouraged of course; the cost is never
worth the gain. Still, it can be a temptation for unworldly
Artificers who need special resources.)

Subdivisions

Strictly speaking, the High Artisans and Craftmasons
are Conventions within the Order of Reason. They are even
subdivided into groups that they term "guilds"; in the
former case, the Forgers, Bright Lions, Pythagori and Mauls;
in the latter case, the Chalice, Coin, Level, Sword, Hem-
lock, Chisel, Arrow, Stone and Scroll. However, these
terms mislead a little. Mundane guilds are rigid and exclu-
sive; to enter requires a fee, and to change from one to
another, should anyone ever see cause, is a feat of politics.
The Daedaleans, by contrast, regard their "guilds" as conve-
nient forms of organization. An Artificer owes loyalty to
Reason, one's Convention, and to one's Daemon, in some
order. One's guild, while not to be forgotten, is simply a
source of commands and a mark of the nature of one's
talents and duties.

That is not to say that no Maul has ever failed to mock
a Bright Lion for futile mysticism, or that none of the
Chalice has ever complained that the Swords bring grief
upon the weak and unprepared — but most rivalries are
amicable, and movement from faction to faction is fairly

commonplace and not usually criticized. A Daedalean is
usually assigned toa Guild on completion of apprenticeship
(and the assignment usually considers the new Daedalean's
nature and tastes — although following one's master's
inclinations is considered natural). Subsequent movement
isa matter of request, persuasion and the needs of Reason

To enhance their potent alliances with the workmen
and craftsmen of cities and towns, Craftmasons have in-
sisted that Daedalean houses can, and usually should, be
open friendly places. The High Artisans usually agree.
Hence, the typical Artificer-run lodge resembles an unusu-
ally friendly guildhall.

A guildhall isa meeting-place, the head office ofa local
gathering of traders or craftsmen. It probably has small
rooms for storage, meetings and accountancy, but its heart
isa true hall in the medieval style —a high-ceilinged room
wherein guild members meet to discuss policy, conduct
initiations and religious ceremonies, and hold feasts. (Typi-
cally, there are ample kitchens on a low level.) Daedaleans
follow this pattern but add more rooms to facilitate their
more complicated business —perhaps an entire sevof secret
underground chambers using ancient, once-lost cellars or
caverns excavated by secret Arts.


Such lodges may be placed in either the hearts of towns
and cities or in more obscure locations. The former enables
the hall to be used for the benefit and recruitment of
mundane allies, although this in itself leads to complica-
tions as the hidden must be kept from prying eyes. Partly
trusted Sleepers are often given to understand that there is
a secret "inner circle" to this "trade fellowship," but are
never told of its true scope (secret clubs are common
enough that this can work, although it may excite over-
much interest). A city location also makes it difficult for the
guild to build upon a truly useful Cray; some must do
without a source of Quintessence or must travel to some
hidden subsidiary site to gather it. The Craftmasons are
unhappy with this. Their masters of Prime are not only
given to casting spells that can channel the stuff of reality
where it is required, but they keenly research applications
of sacred geometry that can make Crays out of the most
mundane sites. Thus, new urban Daedalean guildhalls are
usually designed and built with vast and intricate planning.

Attificers are more comfortable with halls sited
in obscure locales, although these have their own
problems. For one, explaining their presence to curi-
ous Sleepers can be difficult. This is one reason why
this Convention is so given to finding and pleasing
powerful patrons. High Artisans may be able to ob-
tain as much wealth as they could ever need through
direct use of their Arts, but a supporter who says, "this
hall of master-craftsmen is placed here because I so
wish it" is valuable. Other such lodges may actually be
disguised — say as a merchant's warehouse or asa low-
ranking gentleman's hall. It is hard to explain many
S full-time craftsmen in one such place, but a small
lodge can pass as little more than a slightly eccentric
holding. "Hidden" lodges tend to be less open, more
focused on study than their urban counterparts —
although they can be friendly enough to allies.

Groups of like-minded Artisans in the East are quite
similar to European lodges. However, eastern craftmasters
prefer to meet in more traditional areas. In India, builders
might meet in an orchard or a walled courtyard. In China,
the labyrinthine corridors of the Emperor's palace provide
more than adequate privacy for those mages lucky enough
to have Imperial favor.

Factions

Although they have much in common, Artificer
lodges are not immune to internal politics. Matters of
policy and emphasis always lead to debate, and some-
times jealousy and ambition arise, even among the
Enlightened. Because long-distance communication is
relatively limited in the Renaissance, few factions orga-
nize themselves across the breadth of the Order of Reason,
but any lodge worthy of the name has its share of debates

and quarrels —and the spread of printing makes interna-
tional movements a more viable idea.

The obvious divisions are between the Conventions
and among the guilds within each. The Craftmasons
often preach as their reputation implies, demanding
revolt against the mighty, aid to the weak and the
building of a better world. Artificers prefer to craft their
masterpieces and perfect their ideas before they act.
Meanwhile, militant guilds — the Mauls, the Sword —
are home to a fair number of hotheads who cry out to the
teachers and theoreticians that violentactions, not words,
are forever called for. Equally, some wise old men-at-
arms believe that the "warrior" guilds are too easily used
as spell-fodder by cold-hearted, scheming leaders, and
argue the side of peace or at least caution.

Then again, there are other divisions. Daedalean Arti-
ficers have a problem with religion in that many secretly
regard craftsmanship above faith, but the Conventions
include their share of devout believers. Some such are
locked in struggle with less respectful colleagues, demand-
ing that cathedrals should be built before all else, or that
weapons should be forged for use against the infidel rather
than the Traditions. Others again, being visionary innova-
tors by nature, align themselves with the dangerous cause of
Church reform and eventually Protestantism. (This last
might seem a hard-pressed faction, caught between reli-
gious traditionalists on one side and uncaring materialists
on the other, but it catches the imagination of many
Artificers, especially among the Craftmasons.)

And, of course, there are debates over arcane theory.
Three major strands of thought are apparent here. The
"Sacred Geometricians" are the most mystical of their kind,
seeking complex and subtle correspondences between the
stars, the elements and the operations of the human soul.
They are sometimes despised as nigh-on superstitionists,
but their cosmic vision and ability to use many Hermetic
ideas makes them powerful. The "Classicists" are similar in
some ways, but prefer Greek ideas to older, more subtle and
obscure concepts. They are very fond of numbers, geometry
and music, and are the Order members who are most
excited by the growth of Greek and Latin studies in the
Sleeper world and by the discovery of old texts from that
era. Lastly, the "Materialists" are modernists, given to
dangerous heresies. They are the most aware of how much
the modern era has accomplished that the ancient world
did not, which calls into question common Artificer regard
for past masters. Materialists are also interested in Chinese
and other foreign ideas, burrowing after hard empirical facts
in the mass of contradictory superstitions

And then, of course, there are occasional clashes over
policy between European, Muslim and Chinese lodges
not to mention tension over Artificer-friendly factions of
the various Traditions. House Verditius of the Order of


INSTRUCTION
THE SECOND:
THE GREAT WORK

Hermes, for example, is looked upon with great suspicion by
the factions of Reason. The majority of the Batini view
Murshids who choose to pursue Unity through study and
invention with thinly veiled disdain.

In short, the Order of Reason is a mass of debate that
usually remains just on this side of constructive. Some
observers wonder that the Artificer Conventions ever ac-
complish anything useful at all. A few wonder if dispute is
the source of their dynamisn

Suture Fates

e have learned to whittle the Eden Tree to
the shape of a surplice-peg,

We have learned to bottle our parents
twain in the yolk of an addled egg,

We know that the tail must wag the
dog, as the horse is drawn by the cart;

But the Devil whoops, as he whooped of old: "It's clever,
but is it Art?"

— Rudyard Kipling, The Conundrum of the Workshops

From a maximum-security memorandum placed on the
files of the Ivory Tower of the New World Order by Educator
Immanuel Chard, Historical Specialist: 09/07/1992.

Although our colleagues of Iteration X are usually
referred to as the linear successors of the High Artisans,
it is equally reasonable to say that, with all the reorgani-
zations that have been instituted since the first naive era
of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Centuries CE, all ele-
ments of the contemporary Technocracy derive, to some
extent, from that group. Ideologically, too, the entire

i
i

Technocratic comprehension of the significance and
utility of technology derives far more from the enthusi-
asms of the semi-mystical Artisans than from the
superstitions of the Cabal of Pure Thought or from the
nervous heresies of the Celestial Masters.

(The Artisans' close allies — the rather obscure
"Craftmasons" — seem to have shared much of our ideol-
ogy. Although their primitive communism was non-viable
in the contemporary social paradigm, and had eventually
perforce to be suppressed, their strenuous defense of the
masses remains a key element of our own ideals, and
doubtless encouraged the Order of Reason to seek the
prompt elimination of the archaic feudal system that we
certainly do not mourn.)

Thus, we might claim that out own successes are the
victory toward which the High Artisans worked so deter-
minedly. However, that does not mean that their goals

the Artisans' mode of thought.) We can justify our own
priorities and agendas; they are indeed a proven opti-
mum from the points of view of both the masses and
ourselves. However, they would require some justifica-
tion and explanation to an individualistic, theistic
Artisan. Our accomplishments are not their Utopia.

Itis fatuous and futile to attempt to derive glib "morals"
from the complexities of history, but this example may at
least remind us of a fact that we should not ignore in our
long-term planning. Our achievements, however impor-
tant, may not equate exactly to our intentions.

SZ aS



=

ih

Ss

i
fi
i

INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

s it proved, Rosa the Apprentice was wise to
ask about the other elements of the Order of
Reason, for she would see many of them that
season. Artificers came to ask her about her
inspired ace of weapon-making, and
Crafemasons came for knowledge after swear-
ing vengeance upon the summoner. There
were also armored Gabrielites, to whom such a batile was meat
and drink, and strange physicians in quest of a sample of demon-
venom. The other Conventions had less direct interest in the
affair, although one or two travelers and traders, come to visither
master, found an excuse to speak with the gir] who had forged the
diamond-tipped knife

But her brief fame did not entitle her to see the end of the
conflict; she was, when all was said and done, butan apprentice and
notmuch rainedin war-craft. Stillandall, the Artificer-swordsman
who had wielded her knife came back once to Jasper's workshop and
presented another knife for her to keep, as memorial to the fight.

Ieseemed a crude thing offline, its hile bound with thongs of ide,
although when she examined i closely, it seemed to Rosa that the stone
had been cleverly flaked, giving tan adequate edge. Ie was strange, but
with nothing of power aboue it. She pue it aside with the small gifts her
morher had given her when she had taken up the apprenticeship.

Ashe was leaving, the swordsman tumed to her once moreand
smiled his grim smile. "We have done well, between us," he said.
"Another door is closed and the price is well worth paying."

Had he meant the price in lives of the battle or something more?

Rosa put that question aside, too, to consider when she had
leamed more.

Houses are buile to live in, and noe to look on; therefore let use
be preferred before uniformity, except where both may be had. Leave
the goodly fabrics of houses, for beauty only, to the enchanted palaces
of the poets; who build them with small cost. He that builds a fair
house, upon an ill seat, committeth himself to prison.

— Francis Bacon, Essays: Of Building

= =e SE

WE

Powers and Secrets

he creations of Daedalean Artificers are
based on a scientific understanding of the
world. They do not yet fully comprehend
how much their analysis and theorizing *
actually shapes the world. Nordothey face
up to the novelty of so much of what they
do. They retain a vast respect for ancient
sources and past masters, and many believe, in their heart of
hearts, that everything they create is actually reconstruction —
the resurrection of the wondrous achievements of the past.
Thus, their work is often a bizarre mixture of wild experiments
and half-understood archaism.

The QualitiesofThings Y

‘Adepes of the: Are Praselsris sctiallyahare mary tdeas f
with their arch-rivals Hermetic wizards. In the Hermetic view \s
of the world, things have "qualities" —hot or cold, wet or dry,
heavy or light, but also subtler and often mystickal aspects.
However, Hermetics hold that such qualities cannot be deter-
mined by reason alone; one can find out only by experience of
the senses whether something is, say, hot or cold. An Enlight-
ened Artificer must disagree. Seeking the underlying patterns
of the world, he claims that there isno limit to reason. Drawing
breath, the Daedaleans see the significance of their own claim
and make it the basis of their crusade.


Be

Still, there is scope for further agreement. All of
these schools of though hold that the universe is filled
with Resonances and correspondences. As Above, so
Below is the watch-phrase. The heavenly spheres re-
volve, bearing the stars and planets, driven by the Prime
Mover (who most would say is God), and all this impels
the actions of everything within. Indeed, some pagan
philosophers hold that when all the spheres return to
exactly the same relative positions, the world will return
to the same state and history will repeat itself — perhaps
in gross outline, perhaps in every single detail. A good
Christian must deny this, for when the Day of Judgment

In the 20th century, fine art and engineering are
about as far apart as two disciplines can get. One is all
about aesthetics and beauty; the other is all about func-
tionality and measurement. Those few people who try
and bridge the gap between the two are looked on as
crankish; artists who paint pictures of steam trains, archi-
tects who put heating ducts on the outsides of buildings,
science writers who wax poetic. Most people on either
side regard these efforts as futile and messy. But all of this
would sound like complete gibberish to an educated child
of the Renaissance.

In this era, art and science are intimately mixed.
Leonardo da Vinci is a genius, sure, but his studies of
painting, mechanics and military engineering are seen as
a natural set of concerns for a practical scholar. Plenty of
lesser professionals move comfortably from painting the
king's portrait to casting the king's cannon.

This is partly because people are still laying ground-
work. It's no good to create a portrait if you can't get hold
of the pigments you want, so artists study practical chem-
istry. It's impossible to build beautiful buildings unless
you know what will stay up, so architects are also engi-
neers. It's hopeless to understand and shape the world if
you don't look at it closely. The old idea that facts are all
to be found in ancient texts collapses under its own
impracticality; you really have to check them for yourself.
So scientists look about them with the eyes of artists. In
another couple of centuries, the basic work will have
been done and everyone will be able to get on with
narrowly compartmentalized specialization. But not yet.

Yet the spirit of the Renaissance is also an aesthetic.
Humanistic philosophy holds thatall arts empower those
who study them, and that the complete, refined human
being should have a broad education. The magus is not a

Th
rtisans
Handbook'

e

Att and Science

comes, God will end the present manner of action of the
world and all will change forevermore.

Still, there are essential correspondences — between |
Heaven and Earth, between the planets andelements, even. |
pethaps between soul and matter. Astrology is based on
good sense (provided that its use does not deny the primacy
and absolute authority of God), and alchemists seek to
master the purification of the elements, that they may
purify their own souls. To Artificers, however, much of this
is wild, untestable — superstition.

Attificer workings concentrate on the mundane,
testable, measurable qualities of things. A "natural ma-
gician," working within the Hermetic tradition, can

nerdish monomaniac, but a master of all the arts and
sciences, The much-admired Roman writer Vitruvius
said (in his De Architectura) that an architect should be
"q man of letters, a skillful draftsman, a mathematician,
familiar with historical studies, a diligent student of
philosophy, acquainted with music; not ignorant of
medicine, learned in the responses of expert lawyers,
familiar with astronomical calculations..." The Renais-
sance takes this as a picture of the true master.

Further, creation is one key to the Ars Praeclarus,
and art — creation — is what marks mankind from
beasts. The art of this new age reflects this belief. In order
tomake art more perfect, a better depiction of reality, the
artist studies a range of sciences — mathematics to
perfect perspective and proportion, anatomy to under-
stand the noblest subject matter of all, geology and
alchemy to improve the choice of materials, and so on.

This extensive knowledge has a big practical conse-
quence for the Order of Reason: Many fine Enlightened
Artificers are also competent artists. Indeed, many of the
most respected High Artisans make honest livings as
painters or sculptors, and quite a few Craftmasons hold
that their works must be beautiful as well assoundly built.
‘An artist-Artificer may find that his or her affinity is
with Matter (the materials used in art), Connection (the
refined art of the period being greatly concerned with
perspective and proportion) or Mind (for, if the high
purpose of all arts is to grant power to the scholar,
painting and sculpture, like writing and rhetoric, serve to
grant power over the hearts of other men). Such a
character should possess a goodly rating in Artist and
Crafts — ideally both, and with several different special-
izations in each, along with a broad range of other
Abilities.


create talismans of power by drawing the virtues of a
specific planet into an object made of appropriate mate-
rials, or sings "Orphic songs" that draw those virtues into
the talisman — or, more dangerously, into the singer's
own mind, Further arts permit demonic and angelic
forces to be likewise invoked. House Verditius claims
hegemony over the creation and research of all manner
of magical devices for the Order of Hermes; members of
this house acknowledge no friction between their status
as Tradition mages and their function essentially as
Artificers. Builders of the Order of Reason see this for
hubris, As the Craftmasons say, one must build from the
ground up, upon strong foundations, The correspon-
dences they employ are those that lie within the world,
involving elements and their mundane properties.

The Craftmason approach sounds limited, but it has
one resounding virtue: It is repeatable. Only a Promethean
magus may call down the planets' virtues; any peasant in the
fields can use fire and stone. When the Artificers have the
work aright — a long labor, but a worthy one — they will
be able to build their towers unto the stars and all may
ascend with them.

To the mages of House Verditius, however, material
Resonance and elemental correspondences do comprise a
work done aright. After all, a tuning fork made of metal
always strikes the same note. Does this not indicate a
natural affinity of the metal? Alll that is required for an
object to fully embrace all its properties, mundane and
magickal, is the direction and invocation of the less percep-
tible Resonances. And once the Hermetic has invoked
these properties, the object is usable and complete, taking
its place in the order of the universe.

Sacred Geometry

In its bold claim that reality — the very handiwork of
God — can be comprehended and thus controlled by mere
mortal intellects, the Ars Praeclarus actually grows from
and encompasses an older science: sacred geometry. This
calling was discovered in Babylon and partly codified later
atthe Thothmeic Gathering in Egypt. Sacred geometry also
questions Resonances and correspondences. It studies the
symmetries and patterns and the hidden order of the heav-
ens reflected on Earth. This resemblance may be made
exact (by application of mathematics) and the instruments
of man may play the music of the spheres

This art was first used by the great architect-builders of
Babylon and Egypt, who could embody their ideas in stone.
Improvements in mathematics made it possible for smaller
devices to employ the science. Both the Craftmasons and
High Artisans regard sacred geometry as the foundation-
stone of their activities, The former still build using secret
intricate principles, while the latter demand that all their
members have at least some knowledge of mathematics.

INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

They do not call down wild and unstable planetary forces;
they calculate the effects of the heavens' influence.

The Spheres

"So — you've been sent here to learn something of our
deepest philosophy, then?"

Like the other young Daedaleans present, Rosa thought it
best to say nothing, and indeed the gray-beard master continued
after a breath. "And doubtless you think it a waste of time," he
said. "Well, you may learn better. Or you may never be more
than a journeymen. We'll see

"But let's begin with the Spheres. They are the foundation
of the Ars Praeclarus, in a way. You've doubiless been told that
the small grasp you display of Craftis related to one or the other
of them. Well and good. And your own masters will have awed
you by telling you they date back to the ancient masters who met
in Egypt to lay the foundations of our crafts.

apportion our works. There are nine of them, as you'll have
heard, but some school-men of our alliance say that there could
as easily be more or less; they may not be part of the Platonic
World — which is something I'll teach you of another day.
Myself, I think that there may be some mark of God's ordering
of his Creation in that number, but its not a divine mystery I'd
hope to be able to grasp. It could just be that the choice of the nine
is like choosing to measure in cloth-yards rather than paces.

"But I'm getting ahead of myself. Now, if you ever have
dealings with the Hermetics or their lore — which I wouldn't
encourage, but you might find some of their texts in some library
— you will find that they've lately taken a great interest in the 4
Spheres. Especially since they've made alliance with other
wizards and witches and organized a council of nine squabbling
societies. In their silly way, they attach great significance to the
number of the Spheres. They are in love with number; they think
of it as magickal in itself and not just something to use to create
perfect works. But don't you go falling into that trap; we're
craftsmen, not fortune-tellers. Most of us.

"Anyway, let us swiftly review the nine, so you can't say
you don't know what they are."

Because the theory of the Nine Spheres does indeed go
back to the Thothmeic Gathering in ancient Egypt,
Daedalean Artisans not only use it — they regard it as
almost sacred. However, most of them also, at heart, see it
as rather abstruse, one step removed from much of the Work
they do. One teaches an apprentice to comprehend the
universe in these terms, and to build his or her own abilities
on this foundation, but then one gets on with forging
blades, polishing lenses or building towers. An apprentice
fails who does not learn what the Spheres mean, but that
apprentice can be forgiven for finding the ideas involved
rather strange and evasive.


of
A of |
#12 iat
oR A RE of 1
we dite ot

a vem>

af

Of course, Matter is no great problem; almost every
& Work that a craftsman performs involves some arrange-
ment of material things, and most spend much of their time
analyzing the nature and capabilities of different materials.
A fair few are experts or at least students in alchemy, using
its mixture of symbolism and practicality for their own ends.
Others rely on a deep but un-mystickal knowledge of
metallurgy or other crafts to give their creations reliable
form. This sphere is far and away the most common affinity
for Artisans and Craftmasons, and they use it every day for
making and shaping. On the other hand, many of the most
daring and original of these Conventions focus on others of
the Nine Spheres, treating Matter as a means to an end.

Forces is almost as popular, of course, especially among
those who wish to stride forth and change the world. The
flame of the forge is one of the great symbols —and indeed,
many see this sphere almost entirely in terms of fire.
Lightning is a remote and dangerous power. Ice is more a
nuisance than anything else. That which draws a falling
body to earth is only comprehensible in abstruse and
mystickal terms (although it can be defied —flight is an old
dream which many Artisans would love to realize). The
subtleties of the lodestone are but a toy. But there is always
sound. Ever since Pythagoras, music has been the subject of

mathematical theory and musical automata are part of
many an Artisan's repertoire.

Because of the importance of these previous Spheres,
Artificers have a deeply ambiguous view of Prime. On one
hand, they must somehow coerce the universe into permit-
ting the creation of new things or powers; on the other,
explanation of how this is achieved can be difficult to find.
Future scientists develop theories of abstract mathematical
"energy" (and more), but such metaphors are not presently
available. The response of those who seek to master this
sphere is twofold: Some shrug, declare that results are all
that matter, and deploy the routine alchemical or philo-
sophical formulae that accomplish those results. Others
delve deep into underlying theory, striving to separate good
sense from mystickal folly. (Craftmasons actually manage
the latter better than most; they retain odd patches of
mysticism in the midst of their down-to-earth practicality.)

‘T

Time and Entropy are considered twin Spheres; both
deal with fate and prophecy. The old motto —As Above, so
Below — is the key to the accepted Artificer approach to
such matters. The spheres of Heaven revolve, set in motion
by the hand of God, and the actions of the world are
likewise often circular, albeit that decay is seemingly inevi-
table (for the world is a sinful place)


However, in recent centuries High Artisans have been
responsible for an entire new view of Time. Traditionally,
the sphere was seen almost entirely as a matter of prophecy;
j astrology might be used to measure the motion of the
heavens and hence to anticipate what was to come. But
Artificer-astrologers built machines to measure out that
motion and improve their predictions and thereby realized
that Time could be subjected to ever-finer analysis — an
understanding that changes the world, This knowledge
enables creators to confront mysteries that once outraged
them — the strange nature of faerie-land, the uncanny
swiftness of certain mysticks.

Entropy, too, succumbs to analysis. Daedaleans once
saw it as a matter of curses and other irrational witchcraft.
Now they can measure probability and change. Advanced
alchemy helps them examine and explain the decay of
matter, which is their first concern with this Sphere. They
dislike using it — they are builders, not destroyers — but
they can comprehend it with effort.

Connection worries Artificers less. Its mysteries are
somewhere at the heart of sacred geometry, and their
philosophers have long suspected that distance and space
are susceptible to manipulation. (The Viasilicos shows what
can be done.) It's an arcane field, but not without interest,
especially ro those who love mathematics.

To the Ahl-i-Batin, Connection is mathematics and
the other way round. If all things can be described and
calculated through the use of sacred geometry andall things
are joined in the web of Connection, then both are expres-
sions of the heavenly ideal. Each is a facet of Unity, and
there exists neither confusion nor cryptic mystery for the
Murshids. If the mage understands one, he understands the
other. Is that not the purest essence of Unity?

Life and Mind, on the other hand, are problematic but
not impossible. Artificers mostly choose to concentrate on
how the world influences the living, thinking creature,
rather than how the creature can control the world. This
blune pragmatism may limit innovators' power with these
Spheres, but not beyond usefulness. They know how to
reach into thoughts with subtle designs and how to induce
fear with their weapons. The artists and rhetoricians among
their number are adept at shaping thought and emotion,
albeit not usually with Machinae. Artificers prefer to leave
the higher mysteries of Life to the Cosians (while respecting
those colleagues' Promethean boldness). Thats, except for
those few daring souls, especially Artisan Body-Forgers,
who declare that living thing is but another machine and
invoke alchemical or other secrets to change its workings.

That leaves Spirit, the sphere which perhaps causes
Artisans and Craftmasons the greatest difficulty. They
do not deny that the spirit world exists; that would be
folly and blatant blasphemy. But too much about it
refuses to be measured or shaped — and sadly, too many

INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

fear what they cannot forge. Thus, they probe the math-
ematical geometry of the Seal of Solomon and the
pentagram and refine their horoscopes (which gives
clues to the spirit world as to all things). And they turn
steel blades and mighty cannon on any spirits whom they
see to be a threat.

Daemons

Daemons are a mystery and a challenge to European
Artificers. They might be less troubled if they could
accept the ancient, intricate Egyptian or Chinese the-
ologies, whereby the soul has many aspects and parts, or
the Greek concept that useful spirits cluster around
people and matter, almost but not quite at one with
them. However, as followers of the strict Christian idea
that the soul is one and indivisible, Artificers must see
their Daemons as outside forces. That conclusion raises
the problem that Daemons could be either tempting
devils or guardian angels, which are notoriously difficult
to distinguish at times. It also raises the practical-theo-
retical problem that they adopt so many unlikely aspects.

Craftmason Doctrine

Craftmasons, always suspicious of that which might
be said to rule them, tend to reject their Daemons,
sometimes actively struggling with them as tempting
fiends, more often declaring them mere signs of incipient
madness brought about by the pressures of evil and their
foes (and by tempting fiends). A few among the more
spiritual or prideful of the Convention wonder if these
are something more. As the cathedrals that Craftmasons
build reflect the higher orders of Heaven, might there
not be higher orders of Those Who Labor reflected in the
souls of those on Earth? Furthermore, although the
Craftmason ethos warns against hero-worship as leading
to vain glory, even the Enlightened need heroes and
there are tales of past masters, some of whom supposedly
rebuilt their own souls or spoke directly with God.
Would not such a one still sympathize with those who
sweat amid the dust of the earth and perhaps seek to
ensure that no vital lore is lost?

There are even those who see the Convention's
greatest accomplishments — the great buildings — as
spiritual nigh-living entities. To these, the typical
Craftmason Awakening — meditating at a site of bril-
liane works — may have the aspect of a communion and
the building itself might literally speak to the worker's
soul. Thus, many cautious debates are conducted in
lodges. In system terms, a Craftmason character usually
has a low score in the Daemon Background; anyone with
three or more dots tends to be a troubled soul or prone to
engage in fervent and dangerous debate.


Handbook

High Artisan ldeas 258 Sn
‘ Sees

Th ay ———
oF rtindits es NGA
NS = =

The Artificers (and similar factions of other Con-
ventions) find this matter less frightening, if still
troublesome. With more pagan lore embedded in their
philosophy than they wish to admit, the idea of assisting
spirits strikes them as — well, plausible, at the very least.
Most speak openly of the Muse, and if a Gabrielite looks
askance at that, he coughs and says that of course the old
Greek word truly refers to a guardian angel or a benevo-
lent heavenly sending. The more devout among them
believe those words completely

Artificer Daemons actually take many forms, de-
pending on the individual's own nature or beliefs. They
tend to be benevolent, even friendly, ifchallenging. The
academic hear or see wise figures from the Convention's
view of history; Pythagoras and Heron are busy spirits, it
seems, although Daedalus presents himself to only those
who must seek deep mysteries — usually implying a Mare
essence. To those whose work is more of the hands, the

B} fire of the forge itself may speak. Inspiration is a flame;
the Daemon may be thought of as an elemental being or
perhaps an angel, dangerous or protectively warming.
Artists within the Convention often draw directly on
pagan myth, perhaps claiming that the Muses still dance
upon Parnassus. Urania, the muse of astronomy, seems to

oll dS

favor those who associate with Reason (and with some J oegt\ ad
1 eee

scholarly Celestial Masters). Those who find themselves g ant
favored of Athene, goddess of wisdom, craft and war, GY, Z ON

have hard and productive lives and avoid Gabrielites. titi i)
Eastern Daemons are a more motley lot. Many Chinese .

S Artificers are led by the spirits of ancestors, especially if the
family has either several minor builders or a renowned
inventor in its line. Occasionally a Chinese mage has the

fortune (whether good or bad is uncertain; who among the

living has the vanity to question the most powerful of
guardians?) to be guided by a dragon. These few can be
certain that interesting fates await them. In the Muslim

{{ traditions, Daemons are most likely to appear as angels,
{\\ though afreeti, genii and other spirits of legend are not

\\ uncommon. Hindu Daemons manifest quite frequently as
\\ animals, though minor deities or famed scholars and inno-
\\]\ vators are also known.
O yy The Scourge

= Daedalean Artificers sometimes seem to take the
Scourge personally. They feel that their work should by
rights be predictable and therefore, once they have com-
pleted every aspect of a task, safe. To their annoyance, this
is not the c:
Their conclusion is that creation's dangers reflect the
subtle intricacies of the world and their own imperfect
understandings. Being for the most part proud by nature,


they find this lesson in hubrisand nemesis hard, but they are
craftsmen first and foremost. Sometimes work goes wrong.
Anyone who denies that is a fool. The trick is to learn and
to improve. In short, they have the harried, persistent air of
engineers throughout history.

One way that Artisans deal with unpredictability is to
discuss their work, exchanging experiences and ideas in
their lodges and across their Conventions, trading in solu-
tions. They do not fully realize that this works largely
because it is a way to insinuate ideas into the popular
consensus in the long term. Word of a new inventions slips
from Enlightened to brethren to peasant and becomes
accepted over time. Still and all, they sometimes achieve
the results they wish.

The Scourge is as prone to strike or work through the
Artisan's tool as it is through the wielder. After all, it is
the tool that creates the effect, while the user's inspired
ingenuity simply serves to determine how to make it so.
This contrasts the experience of wizards and shamans,
who draw the powers of the Spheres unto themselves or
call upon spirits to speak with them and ride their bodies.
This division is not absolute — the Scourge is unpredict-
able, even whimsical, but it is clear. The tendency of
Artificer firearms to explode is well-known, but other
more subtle effects are also possible. A Boon related to
Fortitude, Prudence or Vanity might render a tool more
reliable and invulnerable to harm for its duration, while
one based on Generosity, Prudence, Avarice or Stingi-
ness might cause an alchemical preparation to work for
longer with less of the stuff used up in the process. A
Bane derived from Faith or Cowardice might make a tool
shatter — put not your trust in toys! Fortitude or Sloth
might cause a heavy but portable implement to suddenly
feel hopelessly cumbersome and intractable

Witchwalks may apply to Artificer-built vehicles or
automata or to theit makers. Madness might involve a
fixation on or terror of some Device. In fact, Artificers often
become distracted by the details of their creations, stopping
suddenly to repair or "improve" them at inappropriate
moments ot to examine someone else's work in tedious
detail. (But this is not always because of the Scourge.) And
as for Scourgelings.... The word "gremlin" is not actually
invented until the 20th century, but many a Daedalean
would recognize that to which it refers.

Lastly — although the Ars Praeclarus is generally
regarded as very vain, making Artificer workings highly
vulnerable to the Scourge, they do have compensations:
When what they do is simple and clearly explicable, it is
undeniably so. Thus, Artificers often alternate between
severe Scourgings and weeks with no trouble at all.

Purification: Most Daedaleans purify themselves of
latent Scourgings by the usual means; prayer is common,
although bathing and passive meditation are also used in

INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

a very typical way: creativity. They retreat to a workshop
and settle down to some simple repetitive piece of work,
reminding themselves of the roots of their craft.

Storytellers should acknowledge that this is entirely in
character for such individuals, but should not let it be
abused; the work involved should be very simple, and not
especially financially rewarding, if at all. Ac most, it should
serve to earn enough to keep the Artificer fed for the period,
when it is sold after the purification is complete. In fact,
many Artificers who use this method burn the handiwork
they produce in a personal ceremony, reminding them-
selves of the transience of all things and symbolically
"burning off" the threatening Scourge.

Cools

Alll the Awakened (save the most extraordinary) use
tools of some kind or another in their castings and shapings,
but Daedalean craftsmen are by far the most proud of it.
They are also the least inclined to distinguish between
something used for mundane purposes and something used
for "Machinae" (something comparable to a fetish or talis-
man). In fact, many of their tools appear to have come
directly from a workbench, and many of the things that
serve as tools can themselves be developed into Machinae
(Magickal Treasures, in system terms).

The difference between tool types is mostly one of
simplicity of use. Some Artisans use their competence with
Forces to fly. The tool they use for this is usually a great pair
of mechanical wings. There are also sets of mechanical
wings that can be employed by those who are not skilled 4
with Forces (these tools have their own Arete and Quintes-
sence reserves). From the maker's point of view, the latter
requires considerably more effort and inspiration, although
the guiding theory involved is much the same. The wings
have to be made stable and capable of use by one who does
not grasp the complex interplay of forces involved in flight
(operation is reduced from the active play of inspiration and
comprehension to a dull hauling of levers)

‘As for the difference between mundane implements
and tools used in Works; there is often none. However,
Enlightened Arts must be applied with great care and
precision — "good enough" is not enough. Thus, many
Artificers have a "best" set of tools used for their works, and
stored away in padded cases at other times. Such imple-
ments tend to be hand-crafted by the owner (if her skills
permit) orsome Daedalean master, usually employing Matter
1 perceptions to ensure that they are indeed perfect.

Not that all tools are items of wood and steel. Artisans
often study alchemy for reasons discussed previously. From
their point of view, alchemy is a well-documented topic
that seems pleasingly less susceptible to the Scourge than is
the Ars Praeclarus.


oh

Artificers also make some good use of astrology. This

may seem odd to modern readers, for their successors in the
Order of Reason reject this field of study utterly, declaring
that the stars are but distant balls of flaming gas with no
conceivable direct influence on human life. However, As
Above, so Below remains a high law of nature and astrology
remains a respected science. Sophisticated clocks and as-
tronomical instruments even make Artificers supreme
experts in astrology's practical application. No Artificer
student of Time is likely to be without such tools, as well as
volumes of tables and references.
Favored Artificer tools include common implements
of the workbench, building-site and forge; weapons
(which are, after all, nothing but well-designed levers
and such designed to amplify the wielder's effective
strength); parchment and charcoal (enabling the user to
plot out and contemplate some form or symbol); lenses in
countless strange configurations; and lanterns (useful for
4 various basic forces effects as they permit one to manipu-
late fire and light).

System Effects

The precise nature of an individual Artificer's tools
depends very much on his understanding of the world and
the types of working he performs, but all must have some
kind of logic. This should be related, in system terms, to the
sen Abilities. For example, a character who
uses alchemical potions, philters and pastilles to accom-
plish Life and Matter effects should have at least one dot
(preferably more) in Metaphysics (Alchemy), and must
spend time in a laboratory, performing routine prepara-
S tions. Influence over Mind might be the result of these same
studies, involving especially subtle use of correspondences
between the alchemical works and the target (or cruder
application of alchemical drugs). Or Mind might be associ-
ated with Artist training, as the creator draws, shapes and
arranges the forms of things to influence the thoughts of
those perceiving them. (The latter application of Mind has
the advantage of requiring minimal special materials, but
the drawback of taking much longer than other works.)

Most "conventional" Artificers use mechanical De-
vices. Invention is the obvious Ability here, but a character
who combines it with low Dexterity and no training in any
related Craft produces unreliable and dangerous tools.
Conversely, a high rating in Crafts or Artillerist suffices to
come up with conventional but workable devices that may
be used with inspired ingenuity (the addition of training in
a Science can make for very interesting workings).

A character may also acquire tools that he could not
actually create for himself through an Allies Background,
pethaps from an alchemist or an armorer. There is no great
shame in this; to most Artificers, the whole point of their
Works is that they can be passed on, their use taught.

Th
rtisans
Handbook'

e

)\ eee ey

However, inheriting tools is not thought especially clever
either and the practical dangers are obvious.

Formulations

am vanquished; these haughty words of \
hers/Have batt'red me like roaring cannon-
shot

— William Shakespeare, Henry VI,
Part 1

Enlightened Artificers do not cast
spells. That would demean them, reduc-
ing them to the status of posturing entertainers or hysterical
Infernalists. Rather, they perform Works. Nor are they
bound by doctrinaire restrictions on the exact form that
their use of sacred geometry may take, Unlike their succes-
sors of the Technocracy, Artificers are enthusiastic
improvisers who pride themselves on adapting their artand
lore to the exigencies of the moment.

Verditius mages do not necessarily perform Works
Instead, they discern what affinities already exist in an item
and then align the item with the virtues it must have to
become complete.

That said, all Artificers do have a vast array of known
techniques, which they catalogue precisely and study with
care. To an Artisan, learning from those who have gone
before and sharing useful ideas is not only respectable — it
is a sacred duty. Hence, they have their equivalent to the
sorcerer's book of spells. They use many names for this sort
of material, but "Formulations" does as well as any. The
following are merely some examples.

Aiming Grid (+ Connection)

This piece of inspired craftsmanship is Chinese in
origin, although the ide
geometry. It consists, quite simply, of an intricate sighting
device that must be attached carefully to a cros
personal firearm and specifically calibrated for that weapon
The Artisan may use it to aim with extraordinary accuracy,
even lobbing missiles on high arching trajectories over
intervening barriers.

involved are basic to sacred

ow or

[In system terms, take one turn to align the grid with a
target. Roll Arete as usual for a magickal effect and reduce
the difficulty of subsequent shots by the number of successes
achieved. New targets that were not very close to the first,
or the same target if it moves rapidly and the caster fails to
"track" continuously, must be "aligned" as new. Point-
blank shots cannot benefit from this effect. High-arching
"Jobbed" shots may be made up to three times the weapon's
base range, but take +5 difficulty before the effect bonus is
applied, and do -2 damage. Because the weapon is not
enhanced in itself — it still has the same range and damage


INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

Viewpoints of Technology

So (says the old-hand Mage player), the Artisans
are the Renaissance equivalent of Iteration X, right?
Technocrats who use heavy-duty super-technology
instead of spells and whose souls are all cold iron?
Okay, the décor's abit different — rivets and coal and
hot-air balloons rather than cyborgs and machine
guns — but it's still the Power of the Machine, right?
And the Craftmasons — well, they're a bit more
liberal, but the thinking's obviously much the same.

Wrong, wrong, wrong.

Yes, the Artisans lay the philosophical ground-
work that eventually underpins Iteration X, butthat's
along way down the line. Ethics aside, these folks are

abit more mystical and quite a bit more crazy — in an
inspired sort of way — than any 20ch-century Tech-
nocrat. There's no way they could be otherwise in
their time. It's Paradigms again.

Remember, to the Sleepers of this age "machine"
has very different implications compared to what it
implies in the 20th century. Thanks to the Industrial
Revolution, modern folk think of machines as vast
and not only supethumanly powerful, but superhu-
manly precise — built to tolerances of a thousandth
of an inch, working to timings of a hundredth of a
second. Thanks to mass production, we see The
Machine as repetitive, tireless and remorseless, im-
posing its demands on human servitors. Thanks to the
computer, we think of machines as obedient to the
instructions of askilled priesthood, and potentially (if
not actually) sentient.

Much of this belief may be the result of the
Order of Reason's manipulations as it transformed
into the Technocracy. Such concepts certainly
serve its purposes, by and large. But none of these

capabilities — the formulation is generally casual, unless it
is used for overly fancy "trick shots" such as firing a crossbow
bolt overa wall to kill a briefly glimpsed enemy commander
on the other side]

Perfection of the Cools
(+ Matter, ¢ Mind)

An Artisan who has attained a little mastery over both
her own mind and the materials with which she works can
use that knowledge to improve her performance of mun-
dane tasks. Before commencing some specific and
well-planned work of conventional craftsmanship, she lays
out her tools and assesses their suitability and best applica-

perceptions of machines make sense to the people
of the Renaissance.

To begin with, machines are rarely truly vast. A
big farm cart, a mill or a siege cannon is pretty
imposing, but each is still built on a human scale.
They may be powerful — that cart will crush you if it
runs you down — but it's a comprehensible and
unreliable kind of power. As for precision — that's a
dream. A few monks tinker with their clocks, driven
by the belief that their prayers and devotions should
be governedby the divine will that rules Time, but the
results are pretty shaky. Ten-figure precision is an
abstraction for unworldly mathematicians, notastan-
dard for practical craftsmen. (Although they can
show remarkably precise and exacting judgment-by-
eye when the job demands it.)

Repetition is a legitimate aim for Renaissance
inventions, but it demands that a machine be
tended and supervised constantly. Machines aren't
tireless; wood splits, metal bends, ropes break. A
mundane version of the Scourge seems to descend
upon the simplest Device. A machine cannot de-
mand anything except the patience of its tenders,
who must wheedle and improvise to make it work.
Machines are painfully far from obedient. Although
they may incorporate great ingenuity and wit, they
are self-evidently less intelligent than the pigeons
in the dovecote or than the bees in their hive for
that matter.

In the face of all these limitations, regardless of
the derision their ideas must attract from practical
folk, Artificers have a vision, a vision of the poten-
tial of their strange creations.

tion according toa vast range of principles, from the trivial
to the exotic.

{In game terms, each success rolled reduces the diffi /,
culty rating of all parts of the planned task by one, for the ||{/
duration of the spell. This is a minor effect, almost always (
entirely casual — but it should be monitored in use to \'
ensure that it is not applied to multiple tasks with one
casting. Also note that it cannot be applied to magickal
projects or markedly innovative works; the craft cannot

feed on itself.]

Assess Affinity (¢ Matter, ¢ Prime)

Alll matter has Resonance in the eyes of the mages of
House Verditius. It is a relatively simple undertaking to


A

determine what element, astrological sign and property
should be assigned to a particular object. Said over the
object in question during a formal ritual of dedication and
questing, this incantation allows the magus insight into the
nature of the item. Certain Artificers use a similar proce-
dure to achieve comparable results, but do so through
theories of refraction and correspondence.

[The Hermetic needs to take the object she wishes to
assess into a proper circle and perform a dedication ritual to
invoke the charm. This effect is quite obviously vain; it
requires preparation, care and accuracy to work correctly.
In game terms, each success gives the character one piece of
information regarding the object's affinities. Failure garners
no results, but the character may try the procedure again. A
botch indicates that the spell is misspoken or otherwise
miscast; no information is retrieved and the charm may not
be used again until the next day.]

Artisans take a methodical, analytical approach to
hand-to-hand combat; they are not necessarily great mas-
ters of fencing or such arts, but when their blows land, they
tend to tell. They accomplish this by ensuring that their
weapons are stronger than any protection.

[Ac the simplest, an Artisan with Entropy 1, Life 1 or
Matter 1 can use casual perception magick to identify
weaknesses in an opponent's protection. (Matter works to
see failings in only unliving armor; Life detects weak spots
in a beast's hide, a dragon's scales or suchlike.) For each
S success on the Arete roll, reduce the armor's protection by
one for the duration of the effect — but against only blows
struck by the Artisan. Furthermore, the Artisan's attacks
suffer +2 difficulty as they must be directed at very specific
points. The Artisan must have at least one dot in an Ability
appropriate to the weapon being used; the weapon itself
serves as the focusing tool.

There are a number of ways to enhance this
technique. Many Artificers with Matter 2 carry heavy
swords or polearms which they have forged for them-
selves, with points or spikes of special hardness. A few
who have studied Fencing prefer slender but unbreak-
able rapiers of needle sharpness. (These are not
magickal treasures, although the enhancement is per-
manent; rather, they are considered casting tools that
happen to have involved magick in the creation.)
Such weapons reduce the difficulty modifier to +1 as
they are ideal for this purpose. Alternatively, an
Entropy 2 effect permits the Artisan to strike at the
weak points "by luck," without any penalty; this re-
quires a separate working unless the Artisan uses one
of those specially made weapons, which make the
wielder's blows an extension of her perceptions.

Th
rtisans
Handbook |

e

By incorporating a Matter 2 effect into the working,
the Artisan can determine how to shred a target's
(unliving) armor apart with every blow. Once this work-
ing is complete, but before dice are rolled for each
subsequent attack, the player may declare how many
successes from a blow are to be directed at armor worn by
the target (up to a number of dice equal to the successes
achieved in the Matter effect), rather than at the target's
person. Armor can soak physical damage thus inflicted
on it, with a number of dice equal to twice its protective
value, minus the primary effect of the magick, at a
difficulty of 6. Each level of damage that penetrates
reduces the armor's soak value by one against all subse-
quent attacks, until the shredded armor can be repaired.

By way of example, a Daedalean guardsman attacks
a brigand. The guard's blade was forged by an Artificer
and was designed to cut through armor. The Artificer
achieved two successes during the working, so up to two
dice of damage from each of the guard's blows can be
directed at the brigand's armor. The brigand wears furs
and padding worth only one point of protection. The
guard hits and inflicts five dice of damage. His player
starts by rolling two dice of damage against the armor
(difficulty 6) and gets one success. Twice the armor's
value is two, but since the Artificer weapon had two
successes invested in its creation, the armor gets no soak
attempt and is riven. The remaining three dice of dam-
age are then rolled against the brigand who now has no
remaining armor to absorb the punishment.

Applying an armor-rending effect at missile-weapon
range is much harder, even if the Artisan forges special
armor-destroying arrowheads or whatever. The effect really
requires a clear, close view of the protection; it is very hard
to hit a small spot on a moving target at range. The ranged
working must incorporate Connection 2 and all difficulty
penalties are doubled. Repeated or over-spectacular uses of
the effect are considered highly vain. (Putting arrows or
bullets through heavy armor once or twice is plausible, but
several shots or shooting away armor— that's not natural.)

Enlightened Artisans with the Builder or Stonemason
Craft (and who know anything about fortifications), or
those with such advanced Crafts as Architect or Military
Engineer (in those decadent lands where one can learn such
trades "academically," without having worked one's way up
through honest hand-work and rule-of-thumb experience),
may assess the weaknesses in a fortress' walls with similar
effect. One usually also needs Artillerist Skill to do any-
thing with the knowledge. Craftmason artillerists are, of
course, the masters of all this. If detailed plans of the target
building are available, the attacker simply spends a few
minutes with them, then gets on with supervising the
artillery aiming. More commonly, the working requires
some kind of Connection effect to survey defenses closely,


INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

and plenty of drawing materials with which to plot out the
likely internal form of the place.]

Filter'd Lantern-Light (+ * Forces)

Many folk carry lanterns to light their way through the
dark. Artificers study the ways in which these implements
serve their purpose. A subtle understanding of light in all its
variety proves very useful (and is usually casual unless
employed too dramatically).

A wypical Artificer's lantern is designed so that slides of
colored glass may be placed across the beam, and has a
reflecting back-plate of flexible polished metal that may be
adjusted by use of small screws. It can be set for various
effects: to cast a subtle, diffuse light that illuminates with-
out making its origin obvious; to produce strong beams of
any desired color; or to burn hot but dull, as a local source
of warmth that can be kept hidden. (A second Forces |
effect, usually achieved with lenses over the eyes or an
alchemical unguent, enables the user to see patterns of heat;
combining this with a properly set lantern makes for ver
easy movement in pitch darkness.)

Given a moment's warning, the Artificer can even
create a sudden flash of exceptionally bright light that
dazzles a foe briefly (adding the number of successes rolled,
plus one to the difficulty of any task which requires the
victim to see, including combat, for a number of rounds

GN

AEDy,

equal to twice the successes rolled). Such a burst tends to
burn through the lantern's stock of oil after @ use or two.

The Swift Lock (+ * Forces)

The drawback of firearms is that they take so long to
prepare. They must be loaded with powderand shot, primed,
aimed (as well as possible) and fired only then. The mecha-
nism that ignites the powder — the lock — is the most
complex part and hence the least reliable. Ignition-holes
can be blocked with burned powder, slow-matches can burn
out (and need continual adjustment) and wheel locks need
"spanning" (tensioning) and can break or jam.

Hence, some pragmatic Artificers cheat a little when
needs must and use Forces effects to fire a load of powder
without actually using the lock. Purists sniff at this trick as
lazy and sloppy, butit is often a life-saver—and it is almost
always casual. After all, the lock might have been prepared
in advance, the gunner might have loaded with unusual ||
swiftness or the powder might have ignited spontaneously in
a hot barrel.

(Don't forget that the Scourge can always find ways to
express itself unpleasantly through a carelessly handled gun.)

[Using this formulation improves a suitable weapon's
Rate of Fire by one turn per shot —so an arquebus goes from
Rate 1/6 to 1/5, a wheel lock from 1/4 to 1/3, and so on. As
only a spark is needed, a single success is usually enough for
the working to succeed. Ifit fails, the Artisan can usually try


rtisans
Handbook'

to fire the fully loaded piece again next turn: A botch, fA
however, can be unpleasant. Multi-barreled weapons are
too tricky and complex to benefit from this effect:]

Grand Salvo (+ ¢ Forces)

Certain weapons — banks of rockets or multi-barreled
guns — unleash a hail of fire and shot on enemies, over-
whelming victims with a rain of destruction. Clever
Artificers know how to use this sort of device to exceptional
effect, subtly amplifying and multiplying the damage. This
effect is casual, unless the weapon itself is a vain Machina.
The attack must generate at least five shots within a single
turn for the trick to work, and the weapon must be fired by
the Artificer alone or with the aid of none but cooperative
Awakened allies

[For every ewo successes rolled on this effect, one more
missile strikes the target — provided that at least two
"normal" missiles hit unaided. There must be a practical
upper limit to the size of weapon on which this effect works,
but multi-shot weapons have an upper size limit of their
own anyway. Very well-drilled bands of Enlightened
handgunners can create a similar effect when firing their
weapons simultaneously.

For instance, Saung the Artillerist directs a salvo
from six cannon crewed by Awakened apprentices. The
Storyteller judges that the player must roll Perception +
Artillerise, with each success denoting a successful strike.
Saung's player rolls four successes, indicating that four of
the cannonballs hit. Using his Arts, Saung insures that
others in the salvo strike, too. The player rolls three
successes on his effect, so one additional cannon scores
a hit (the extra single success is not enough to guide the
shot of the last cannon). Five cannons roar and strike
down the castle walls!]

TheArgument of Princes
(+ Mind)

Artificer weapons do more than destroy with great
force. They terrify with their superiority, intimidating those
whoare less acquainted with the arts of destruction. Hence,
guns, rockets, cannon and Greek Fire may serve as the tools
of a casual Mind effect, terrifying one foe into submission
even as they are used to blast away at another.

(A few Enlightened Artillerists have been known to
add Connection effects to this spell when besieging
fortresses. The thunder of siege guns is never pleasant if
one might be on the receiving end, even if one cannot
see them.)

[In system terms, the Artificer takes extra time to
deploy and direct this effect while preparing and aiming
the weapon, which can be virtually anything that makes
plenty of noise or smoke, does massive damage or that is
blatantly unusual. The effect simply makes the threat of


death especially terrifying — a casual effect. Successes
on the effect are expended to determine how long this
terror lasts and how many people are affected (see The
Sorcerers Crusade, page 240). Any opponent whoclearly
sees the weapon used when the working is activated must
make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7) or be struck with
terror. A victim is unable to do anything other than save
himself (flee, duck for cover, surrender), unless a Will-
power point is spent. If the weapon suffers some kind of
dramatic or spectacularly comic accident while in use
the effect is canceled and victims take heart.]

High Rhetoric (¢¢ Mind)

This is not in any sense an Artificer working, save that
}) rhetoric is considered an honorable art. Yet the effect is
BaF vastly useful, so is often employed by both Craftmason
GQ rpble-rousers and politicians schooled in Classical ideals

ZY It is almost always a casual working. The only "tool"
generally employed is considered, calculated speech. When
it works, such speech can make an audience believe almost
anything, follow almost anyone or fight for almost any cause.

(The user must have a total of at least six dots in
Manipulation + Expression. The combination of Mind
and rhetoric can convey almost any emotion to an
audience, which tends to follow the speaker's lead so
long as the effect lasts. This working cannot change a
listener's moral code or general inclinations completely,
but someone who has spent an hour cheering a speech
usually takes a while to recognize its flaws afterward
Attempts to subvert an audience's ideas too radically
give listeners Willpower rolls to resist.]

Geometric Jars (¢¢ Connection;
¢ Forces may be added)

The sphere of Connection is always useful for survey
and spying; some Artificers employ a mixture of Chinese
ideas and the Resonance effects of sacred geometry when
invoking it. An array of specially made, water-filled jars are
placed in the vicinity of a site of interest. The slightest
vibrations in the liquid are watched, counted and mea-
sured. Intricate mathematics can then be used to derive
considerable information about the structure and layout of
the subject area. Even more meticulous work can pick up
resonating "echoes" of sounds and voices therein. The
inclusion of a Forces 1 effect allows those sounds to be
amplified for audibility.

(This effect is vain, at least if the information derived
is to be at all useful, but it is not usually observed by
Sleepers; they may see the deployment of the jars, but rarely
understand the supernatural applications.)

INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

Sulfurous Darkness
(+¢ Forces, * Matter; sometimes
Adds ¢¢ Life and ¢* Entropy)

The simple form of this spell uses the typical smith's or
alchemist's experience of working with fire; a substantial
flame is the main tool. Taking up some appropriate stuff —
a pinch of strange chemicals or a much larger quantity of
almost anything flammable that comes to hand — the
Attificer casts the effect on the fire. The flammable sub-
stance catches and flares (thanks to use of Forces). Within
seconds, the area is filled with dark unpleasant smoke,
making vision nearly useless.

One success on the roll fills a small space, two a full-
sized room, three a great hall. Blind victims add four to the
difficulty of most tasks that require vision. Storytellers can
change the exact modifier as seems appropriate, but note
that botches under these circumstances tend to be cata-
strophic (or comical). j

Using this effect to counter Forces-based enhanced
vision or the uncanny senses of a few types of creature is
harder. Add one to the difficulty of the working if the
Attificer uses a special and expensive alchemical prepara-
tion. Add three otherwise. Cunning weapons experts
sometimes carry guns loaded with smoke-powder rather
than shot, which can be fired without aiming to surprise a
foe and let the warrior escape or close to sword's length

This is a conveniently casual effect, unless the user
must make do with implausibly small amounts of impro-
vised flammable material. However, some Artificers use
a more advanced version of this effect that is definitely 4
vain unless they are known (or thought) to be using some
nasty, advanced piece of practical alchemy. In this case,
a combined Life and Entropy effect serves to make the
smoke choking and foul; anyone caught within it must
roll Stamina, difficulty 8, each turn or do nothing but
choke and gag for two turns. A botched Stamina roll
causes loss of a health level.

Perfect Suse (+ * Forces, ¢ Time)

Any half-competent artillerist can lay a simple fuse to
give himself time to get clear of a prepared explosion.
Enlightened Artificers can be subtle, clever and precise
about it. This is a flexible sort of effect, often improvised
using whatever materials are at hand

The Storyteller can modify the difficulty of such workings
up or down (up if the trick involves damp powder and an old
candle, down if the Artificer sacrifices a piece of intricate
clockwork and takes some time to construct a mechanism).


wh

A good fuse is a casual effect if it is simply made more
reliable and precise than most Sleepers could manage; vain if
its precision is truly awe-inspiring. Sophisticated "booby-trap"
fuses, triggered by the Resonance of nearby living things or
large objects through sacred geometry, are wildly vain.
ok Burning

(+¢ Sorces, ¢¢ Spirit)

Those Artificers who spend too long tinkering with lenses
sometimes discover things that are not "there." Indeed, some
don strange, distorting eyeglasses to make use of Spirit 1
sensory effects. By rigging up an intricate array of lenses,
lanterns and mirrors, more advanced workers can do more.

[Adjusted with inspired skill, such contraptions can be
used to direct searing, burning light — the Forces element
of the working — through the Gauntlet to injure an entity
on the other side. Of course, a simple Spirit 2 effect allows
someone to strike an ordinary blow in much the same way,
=} but many lesser malevolent spirits are thought to suffer a
2 terror of light, and this special attack does seem to startle
them dramatically. It also startles un-Enlightened observ-
ers and is invariably vain.]

The Barrel of Iskander
(+ Forces, ¢¢ Matter)

Inspired by eastern legends of the ventures of Alexander
the Great, some Artificers seek to explore the depths of the
sea. Their favorite tool for this is a "crystal barrel" —
actually a barrel-shaped iron-and-glass construction, low-
ered into the water ona heavy chain froma large crane. Fine
craftsmanship and alchemical subtleties (Matter effects)
S keep the barrel watertight at almost any depth, and the air
within fresh. The special glass permits the single occupant
a clear view of the surrounding waters, despite the gloom
and sometimes murk of the depths (using Forces 1).

[This creation is casual for short-term use, as most Sleep-
ers don't actually understand the problems it resolves, but
lengthy or deep descents make it vain ("She'll surely suffo-
cate!"). Some sophisticated Artificers mayadd Life 2 effects to
keep themselves comfortable for extended explorationsand to
accomplish various tricks to communicate with the surface.

A crane used to lower a barrel is usually a large but
mundane device, operated by crews of three or four burly
brethren, More refined exhibitions of the Ars Praeclarus
may substitute for their control and muscle-power. At-
tempts torupture the barrel require four successes, difficulty
7. If the chain is broken, another Matter effect causes the
barrel to rise safely through the water like the bubble of air
itis (two successes required). Otherwise, it tends tosink not
quite as swiftly as a stone.

Some German Artificers experiment with diving suits
of a remarkably sophisticated pattern, and claim that they
may even be suitable for use by unsupervised Sleepers.

Th
rtisans
Handbook*

e

However, their current designs demand piped air for any
sort of extended use, limiting the depth at which they can
plunge, even if the problem of visibility in the murky depths
can be solved. Divers are also painfully vulnerable. Still,
they have already been used quietly to plant explosive
mines against enemy ships.]

Branding the Heart
(++ Forces, +¢ Mind)

Most Enlightened Artificers regard torture with mild
disdain. Those who do not may become unpleasantly adept
at it, wielding Life, Mind, Forces or Entropy with intense
effect. But when a special kind of terror is needed, or no
marks may be left on some significant prisoner's flesh, they
have to become more subtle.

[A blazing flame must be prepared in the midst of an
intricate design on the ground, based on detailed use of
sacred geometry. The Attificer first touches the design and
then the victim with cold iron. The effect channels the
essential sensory nature of the fire — but nothing else —
directly into the victim's perceptions. The result is every bit
as painful as actual burning, but not physically harmful. (It
does two health levels of damage" per turn, but the victim
cannot be reduced below unconsciousness by this means,
and recovers one level per turn once the torture ends.)

This formulation is vain, but the victim cannot count
as a witness, at least at first, being all too convinced of the
mundane reality of the heat!]

The Frenzy of the SpinningWheels
(+¢¢ Time)

Complex machines may do many things at once. By
use of sacred geometry, those who apply the Ars Praeclarus
to Time may accomplish something similar themselves,
albeit through a vain formulation. They appear almost to
dance among complex arrays of rotating wheels and
shafts, sometimes using them to hold and place tools just
as required.

[This is the common Time 3 effect, of course, similar to
St. Vitus' Kiss, but in a distinctively Artificer version. A
few prefer to use alchemical drugs for similar effect.]

Glorious Is the Temple
(¢¢¢ Prime, ¢¢ Mind)

Craftmasons regard great buildings as symbolic of their
relationship with divinity and eternity. In a real sense,
buildings are the greatest of Craftmason tools. This formu-
lation is one of the highest of Craftmason rituals — but it
is also very practical.

It takes about an hour and is always conducted in a
Craftmason-made building sited on a Cray (which the
Masons often prefer to call a "wellspring"). The working is


ws eer Q
$

ove GEA

performed by a single Mason (the "leader") with the neces-
sary grasp of the Spheres and a "congregation" of any size.

The result is to make Quintessence available to those who
oR need it and to inspire all those involved with renewed
Sy determination, The ceremony is not taken lightly; no
Be Mason:may:parelcinace iy ir, in.any-function,,more'than
once per day.

{For each success that the leader achieves in an Arete
roll, one point of Quintessence may be drawn from the
"wellspring" and distributed to any chosen member of the
congregation. Ifthe recipient already has as much Quintes-
sence stored as his Daemon Background permits, he needs
touse the usual Prime | effect to store more. In addition, all
participants in the ceremony gain one Willpower, useable
only so long as they work faithfully in the cause of the
Craftmasons, for a period determined by the successes
rolled. Those who receive Quintessence also regain any
temporary Willpower expenditure equal to the Quintes-
sence gained. The ceremony looks a little ungodly to the
un-Enlightened — like a parody of religion —and hence is
considered vain. Sleeper witnesses are rarely permitted.]

We

INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

DZS

OD

Secret Labyrinth
(¢¢¢¢ Spitit, ¢¢¢ Mind, ++ Prime)

The Craftmasons know somewhat of the spirit world,
but do not like what they know. Drawing on the peasant
lore of a dozen lands, then organizing and applying it, they
have come up with a way to protect honest folk from such
beings.

The builder of this Work begins by plotting out an
intricate maze design, using sacred geometry and ancient
lore. The maze may be within a large room — hall- or
church-sized — or in the open, and may entirely surround
something up to the size ofa small cottage. The design must /f//
be visibly traced out; it may be marked in chalk on bare ||
rock, plowed in field, marked in tiles on a floor or planted.
Some subtle Masons incorporate the design into a stained
glass window so that sunlight projects it onto the floor
below. This approach proves to work, despite the fact that
the maze is only visible intermittently. Finally, the shaper
walks the maze once to activate it


The result is that any spirit attempting to cross the
location of the maze, in our reality or any adjacent spirit
world, is blocked and forced to attempt to follow the path,
usually without escape. Powerful spirits may deny the com-
pulsion; most cannot.

Unfortunately, this working has proved recalcitrantly
vain — except where it is worked into the structure of a
church. (The truth is that the defeat of malicious spirits is
generally considered the province of the sacred by Sleep-
ers.)

[An Arete roll is required to complete the working. It
strengthens the local Gauntlet as per the usual Spirit 4
effect. Use of Prime allows the effect to last beyond a scene.
The Prime element also creates a reflection of the symbolic
labyrinth in the spirit world, formed of the very stuff of the
Gauntlet. The Mind aspect impels spirits encountering the
maze to walk it and become lost. They may roll Willpower,
difficulty 7. If they achieve more successes than the shaper

s

thereafter, to escape the maze on either side. One succ
allows escape back; three grants passage through. The
difficulty is 6 if the maze was entered voluntarily, 8 other-
wise. The effect continues even if the material representation
of the maze is destroyed, but all difficulties to escape it are
reduced by one, If the material form survives the fading of
the working itself, the same caster may reactivate it at any
time by walking the maze once more and making an Arete
roll (although it is advisable ro take some time to ensure
that the puzzle is entirely intact first). Alternatively, the
caster might use an extended roll, walking the maze repeat-
edly to make its spiritual reflection more durable from the
first by achieving more successes.]

Tattoos and Prostheses

The strangest and most daring of all High Artisan
activities comes from their occasional willingness to treat
the human body itself as simply another tool of their art
This is not in any real sense medicine (although some such
\\\, Artisans study with members of the Hippocratic Circle).
\)\\, Rather it is a mad, blasphemous matter of looking upon
bonesas levers, the blood asa stream and skin as parchment.
The best that most say for protagonists of this study is that
they are generally willing to use their own bodies for their
experiments rather than inflict their insanity on others.
The fact is that unwilling or untrained recipients rarely use
such magicks to any good effect.

Of course, there is nothing especially novel or bizarre
about prosthetic limbs; old soldiers and accident victims
have hobbled about on wooden legs for centuries. What is

dD

The LAN S —
WA rtisans SNe
I Handbook' SS=

Medicine

Although medicine is not quite considered an
expression of artisanship, it deserves some mention
here. The Ahl-i-Batin and Chinese Artisans have
studied the uses of herbs, tinctures and other drugs for
centuries and have given as much attention and effort
to their medical endeavors as to their alchemical or
otherwise-traditional Artisan pursuits. Thus, in the
East, the science of medicine has been refined to the
point that it may be considered a Craft in its own right.

In what will become known as Turkey, pharma-
cists were being licensed — by Sleepers! — in the late
eighth century; the first drugstores were also opened
around that time. 1279 saw the translation of Baghdad
surgeon al-Razi's comprehensive medical encyclope-
dia into Latin. It detailed the treatment of bladder and
kidney stones, presented a clinical report on smallpox
and explained a variety of surgical techniques previ-
ously unknown to the western world. Ibn-Sina, or
Avicenna, perhaps the most famous medical expert of
the 11th century, discussed contagion, diagnosis and
effective treatment of hundreds of diseases in his ency-
clopedia.

This startlingly developed knowledge of medicine
indicates the level of advancement Awakened medi-
cine has in the Renaissance. Life Arts combined with
such knowledge can surely work nigh-miraculous cures
and feats of surgery. In game terms, Storytellers might
choose to allow eastern healer-concept characters to
use Medicine as a Craft specialty ot to specialize in a
particular aspect once four dots in the Knowledge:
Medicine are earned.

strange is the Artisan idea that such replacements could
somehow be better than the limbs replaced. (A few Artisans
even dream of replacing organs as well as limbs, but given
the fact that even the Cosians are prone to blazing argu-
ments about the exact function of each internal organ, such
replacements are either functionally impossible or at bestso
wildly vain that the Scourge would destroy the recipient
within moments.) Artisans who must wear prostheses (ac-
cidents happen, even in the best-regulated workshops)
often fit them with tools, blades or weapons by way of
making the best of things. A very few go on to use arcane
engine-magick to make replacements function as true limbs,
at least in some respects — and these can be limbs of exotic
strength and resilience.

(Note, however, that this sort of device is still highly
unreliable and vain. The HIT Marks of Mage: The
Ascension are centuries away. Only an Artisan with


INSTRUCTION
THE THIRD:
TRADE SECRETS

truly insane obsessions and willpower would even con-
template deliberately mutilating herself for the sake of
gaining a clockwork limb.)

An alternative, rather less demented idea, but with
much more of the stench of superstition about it, is to mark
the surface of the body — the skin —with symbols of power.
Some high-minded Artisans disapprove of such tattoos,
suspecting that the idea owes rather too much to the
enigmatic "House Criamon." Yet others find tattoos tempt-
ing. Sacred geometry is in part a matter of symbols and
representations, and what better way to keep such at hand
than to bear them on one's very person? Still, it's difficult
tocombine the Artisan style of work with this approach for
very many purposes.

[Prosthetics, scars and tattoos may be used as tools for
all manner of workings; players and Storytellers should be
able to agree on what's broadly plausible. A simple artificial
limb is mundane, of course. If it incorporates a hidden
blade, that's just clever workmanship. However, using it to
manipulate objects or to display more-than-human or no-
ticeably precise strength is another matter, and is usually
vain (unless done very cleverly)

Scars and tattoos incorporating designs from the ar-
chives of sacred geometry may be used to channel
Quintessence and other magickal phenomena. They can
also be used for other effects, mostly centered on the Sphere
of Life. However, doing so is not only frequently highly
vain, it tends to irritate other Artificers. Common ex-
amples are symbols that hasten healing (Life 2), protect
against fire (Forces 2), help hold Quintessence (Prime 1) or
simply strike terror in enemies (Mind 2).

Tattoos and prosthetics may also incur Flaws such as
Disturbing Mannerism or Deformity (see Crusade Lore)
Some are treated as Witch Marks by witch-hunters, who
laugh coldly at claims that these are natural or self-inflicted
mutilations. The chief drawback of these highly conve-
nient "tools" is that they draw the Scourge direct to the
bearer. Whenever the body-crafter botches an Arete roll
while using such "tools," add an extra Scourge point. If the
result takes the character's total to 10 or higher, one of
those points becomes permanent! The effects of Scourgings
on amuch-marked character tend to be close and intimate &|
— further diminished appearance, persistent physical dis-
comfort, heavy blows of the Devil's Brand...


: /
ay ! 4
Y fr
\ \ | yy
\ Ww Say l
7 or YN forth Jt MN a
Sx Kn vi
.N, \
"

(BEI =U

S


zh
as
i)

(h

INSTRUCTION
THE FOURTH:
MASTERS OF THE ART

So he made rebellion 'gainst the King his liege,
Camped before his citadel and summoned it to siege

"Nay!" said the cannoneer on the castle wall,

"But Iron — Cold Iron — shall be master for you all!"

— Rudyard Kipling, Cold Iron

thad been six long years of apprenticeship
for Rosa the jeweler' s daughter — six years
ofhard work and study, enlightened only by
that brief moment of terror-driven inspira-
tion. She was never even able to say when
she Awoke. It was almost certainly before
the battle with the Summoning, for what she
had done with the diamond involved a sense of the structure of
the thing that few master-jewelers could have matched. But she
had certainly not felt Enlightened when she had been formally
greeted into the Secrets, bare months before that.

When she pondered the question, those six years seemed to
her like a long gradual process of forging, with the battle in fact
being a spectacular moment of white heat and quenching. But
few apprenticeships involved any moment sodangerous, and her
master could never have calculated that the process should
include such

Now at last, Rosa stood in a plain robe of unbleached linen
and prepared to take vows of which she had previously known
nothing. Behind her stood others, also 'prentices about to be
made journeymen, but some of them looked even less the part
than herself —a monk in tonsure and habit, a man-at-arms in
mail... Well, such was the way of the Enlightened. Although

the other side of the room was shadowed and the smoke of the
forge stung her eyes when she blinked, it seemed that those who
prepared to accept her vows were little less strange.

Craftsmen and
Scholars Both

Daedalean Artificers are truly a disparate lot. Their 4

rivals, and even theirallies, may think them amob of single-
minded blacksmiths and revolting peasant-stoneworkers
mumbling about the doubtful beauty of their work. But that
assumption misses a range of ideals and dreams, the burning
fire of creativity and a practical style of Humanism. Artifi-
cers may be ready to die for peace or to kill for justice. Their
arts may bea simple means toa wondrous end or the essence
of their existence. They may be born to wealth orfight their
way up out of the mire

Likewise, Artificers may live by the
Mount, the Koran or the Analects of Confucius. Regard-
less, their manner of worship is almost always practical and
personal. They may follow the forms ofa communal, a ritual
religion, but if their hearts were known at such times they
might be in trouble. Their Daemons are particularly prob-
lematic to them. They often deny that such are truly
divinities or ancient teachers, believing their inspiration
comes from their own hearts. But they also see those
visitations as representations of the divine spark. Thus,
Artificers are sometimes accused of being self-made men

}ermon on the

LO Ds
<4

{la


ans

The
oF rtis
Handbook"

who worship their makers. Some deal with this by denying
the importance of their Daemons, pushing them away and
progressing by struggle with their own souls. Others formu-
late complex theologies of personal divinity. Others still
remain tactfully quiet on the subject. It is more useful to
struggle with the intractability of matter, the unpredictability
of fire or the perversity of the Scourge than it is to fight

oneself or the priests
The following remplates represent a little of the full
range of these driven, high-minded, practical creators.

They may be used as examples of beginning characters for
players to use as presented, to adapt as desired, or as figures
for the Storyteller to deploy when the players' characters,
enter a Daedalean workshop.

This chapter also includes brief biographies of a num-
ber of noteworthy Artificers of the game period and the
near future. Meetings with such notables should be rare and
striking events. However, their histories and activities may
provide players and Storytellers with inspiration —as they
do their fellow Artificers


Alchemist

Allmen and jinn in collaboration could not produce its like

— Muslim saying

Quote: Please do not jostle that flask.

Prelude: As a student, you thought your place in life
was secure. Commerce, trade — those were the paths for
your future. Alll those lessons in mathematics had honed
your mind to an analytical point, quick and eager to follow
any given exercise or problem to its logical and beneficial
end. But something drew you to the Ibn-Jadh's chemistry
lesson, and something held you there long after the rest of
the pupils had left the laboratory for their evening meal.
Under your instructor's watchful eye, you mixed the last of
® thetinctures—and you realized what it was that had drawn
you to the laboratory.

You couldn't miss it, really. Ithovered in the grayish
cloud of smoke that puffed from the ceramic crucible and
looked directly at you. Life as a merchant suddenly
seemed eminently uninteresting, and you became the
alchemist's sole student. Now the afreet shows up occa-
sionally' to give you ‘pointers on your

(@ ‘measurements; Ibn-Jadh
watches over the rest of the
never-ending procedures
in the search for the One
) Essence:

Concept: You were
raised a dutiful Muslim, fol-
lowing, the
Five: Pillars
faithfully.
Since your
Awakening,
however,
finding the
rightbalance of
elements to create
whatever, substance
you're after this week
has caken precedence in

your heart over your trip to
Mecca, Still, the words of
the Prophet are sacred —
they've justbeen supplanted
F by the Abl-i-Batin doctrine
of Unity. Alll the intensity you
d used to feel for your religion
B and the prospect of growing
rich from your efforts in the
expanding textile trade
has been channeled into
your alchemical studies.

INSTRUCTION
THE FOURTH:
MASTERS OF THE ART.

GS At.

Dame:

Concept: Aehemis
Ht) Player: Essen miata YY
fy Chronicte: Demeancr:Sege Cabal

CS Atrributes CEES
Physical Social ental

20000 Chasen

Manure: Tose

Fie

S> FEED Adilities G2

aa ——seo00 D009
‘alesa_——hooeo
oa rend
Een —— ane

Willpower He
eee eco og bel
Bo0000000 Wand

eed vse
Other Abies Quintessence Cale
S000 G8, cecil
Sooo
Ba, Experience
—————iee :

9

Roleplaying Hints: Focused, driven and intense —all
these words describe you. But you're still young and the
world is so much richer now that you are aware of the great
web thatholdsall things together. You are part of the whole
and the desire to experience it is strong and seductive. In
addition to all this, you know what's atstake in your studies: 4
the very unity that draws you out of the laboratory and into
the world. If you can just take the first step to learning the
secret of Omnium, the beauty and holiness of the world
would be so much stronger.

Arts Precision and patience are your greatest tools. Ifa
man is willing to invest the time necessary to thoroughly
analyze a substance ora reaction, he stands to receive much
greater benefits than the man who rushes his assessment.
This patience and practice has developed your skill in the
Matter Arts, and you have some small skill in discerning the
flows of Prime through your workings. However, you don't
spend all your time bent over a flask; there lies a whole
world to be seen outside the workroom. You have no time
to travel too far, so you content yourself — for now — with
exploring through Connection Arts.

Equipment: No alchemist would be without afew vials
of his favorite powders and extracts tucked in strategic
places about his person. A small belt pouch or two provide
you with these places — and a place to put your precious
spyglass, a gift from your teacher. The sophisticated litcle
piece is an ideal Connection-augmented means to satiate
your curiosity about what's out there in the wide world.

~o00
sectrge |


In framing an artist, art hath thus decreed,

To make some good, but others to exceed...

— William Shakespeare, Pericles

Quotes It's not surprising that Florien can't paint limbs
right; he fainted during anatomy classes!

Prelude: Many artists speak of the Muse, but few
expect to be torn from sleep by a goddess wreathed in fire.
The experience was
relationship with the lady, who demands that you ever
labor to improve and extend your skills. Well, the Greeks
knew that goddesses could be importunate bitches.

Nor that they'd have said so — but your ever-change-
able higher mistress is tolerant of your crude tongue, so long
as you keep her amused. The world must be shocked
sometimes, else it will slumber. She drives you — to the
Order, to ever-finer work and to distraction. And you
worship her in
| the ways she de-
mands.

. startling. You retain an uncertain

Concept:
Despite what
some "practical"
folk mutter, your
kind is not pe-
ripheral to the
Order. You work
at the very heart
of its philosophy
(though you are
barely a be-
ginner, asshe
often tells
you). You
can paint a
portrait
this month
and design a
building the
next. You
know the
lowliesttav-
ems of the
town, butyou
are also toler-
ated in the palace.
And you meet your
fellows regularly,
trading in the
knowledge you ac-
quire along the
way.

hn ature: Seneca

layer Essence Afiliation:a 0

Gree Sener one

ff, FLEES Attributes CEES
Physical Secial Mental

LEED |)

te

poner |
S000

SibeeAbtes

Roleplaying Hints: You may have a fine eye for beauty,
but there is little fey about you; your whims are a matter of
amusement, not the center of your life. You are at heart a
seriousscholar of creation, perception and underlying forms.
Your grasp of such merely happens to be expressed in the
form of fine art. (Which earns you an honest living, too.)

Still, you do know how to enjoy life and you balance (UM
the intensity you bring to your work with a little fun in the ris
evenings. Anyway, potential patrons expect you to be JG
flamboyant. Buta sense of proportion is the first requirement
of your calling.

Art: Your application of the High Art is mostly a
matter of perception; you prefer to leave violence to cruder
adepts or to rely on mundane weaponry if you must fight,
You have a basic knowledge of several Spheres, the better
to know the world. Because of this subtlety, you need only
a few small tools: drawing materials help you concent
sharp blades act as probes and you have a few philters and 4
potions, courtesy of a friendly alchemist. You are discover-
ing the inherent properties of materials, allowing you to
piece together sculptures, works and weapons that hold
both art and Art simultaneously.

Equipment: You admit to owning little more than the
shabby-peacock clothes you stand in. Your artistic materi-
als lie scattered round your rented room. Much else of yours
is at the pawnshop. In truth, you are a little more organized
than you claim. Your cloak has a number of hidden pockets
(good for embellishing casual workings), and both a fencing
blade and a needle-pointed dagger hang at your waist


a

I think that one cannot know anything certain respecting
nature from any other quarter than from medicine; and that this
knowledge is to be attained when one comprehends the whole
subject of medicine properly, but not until then.

— Hippocrates, On Ancient Medicine

Quote: Our bodies are machines. There is no miracle and
no blasphemy in this: The truth is merely simpler than men wish
to believe

Prelude: Once upon a time, you were no more than
a humble woodworker — albeit a talented and thought-
ful craftsman who had learned reading and numbers.
), Then, following arerbl battle fought not far from your

soldiers, but at the cost of legs or arms in each case, and

Y7 he felt that the peg-legs and hooks they had been given
wy

were poor things. Could youmake
something a little better?

You did your best and
indeed the
men were

grateful; but
more had surely
tobe possible. You
began to study the
workings of the hu-
man form, of the
basics of surgery, of
anatomy and of art-
ists' texts that
discussed the rep-
resentation

things. Your

% Awakening came
Swit dazzling in-
sight: The

bodies you studied, wondrous
and intricate though they were,
functioned as mechanisms
much like you yourself could
make. Subtler to be sure — but

INSTRUCTION
THE FOURTH:
MASTERS OF THE ART

lore that matched your concerns. You were set upon a
wondrous path,

Concept: Now Enlightened, your determination is
absolute and you have disregarded many pointless limits.
Even certain eccentric old Hermetic texts have taught
you something: You've learned to mark your flesh with
symbols of power. One hubristic experiment almost de-
stroyed you, and when you recovered from the
coruption-induced fever, it cost you an arm — but even
that could be turned to your advantage. You have seen
that your miraculous art transcends the flesh — which is
surely not blasphemy!

Roleplaying Hints: Once simply a perfectionist
craftsman, you have become a fanatic, albeit with a
mostly private set of goals. Still, you are prepared to use
your genius for the good of the Order. It does not worry
you that even other Artificers seem to flinch from you.
You can show them the truth in all its glory.

Art: You are a polymath or perhaps a dilettante,
merging techniques and ideas from a dozen sources into
one wild and terribly vain art. Your scars and tattoos and
the intricate internal mechanisms of your artificial arm
focus many of your effects. Others involve simple al-
chemy or physic.

Equipment: Your artificial arm (made with the aid
of more powerful fellow Artificers), a set of razor-edged
knives, craftsman's clothes (some stained with blood),
an assortment of potions and medicines.

risans
Handbook By

Rame Mature: Shean Concept 2 eer
Player: Essence:Susurro Affiliation:ajow
Chronicle: Demeanor:Reaunciate Cabal:

EPS Arributes CBE

Physical Social

Hf

ea tewes

g F orm D Spheres CAEP D ih

subtlety could be learned.

yf The Daedaleans found you by
the twisted fame you had acquired,
and showed you that you were not
alone or the first in your comprehen-
sion. You became a

26000 Mi

Ca Advantages @

cckgrounds

Willpower Ht
eeveseeccs bm
Quintessence

23,


Clock-Maker

And if a line be divisible to infinity, it is not impossible for
a space of time to be so divided.
— Leonardo da Vinei, Notebooks
Quote: The question is not what is written, but how itis
read — in terror or in awe
Prelude: Born the son of a skilled
blacksmith, you were a scholarly
boy with just enough reli-
gious devotion to lead
you to the Church.
Once well-estab-
lished in an abbey
library, you became
fascinated by as-
tronomy, astrology
and mathematics.
The abbey wanted
a better clock to
Z, mark the times of
services; your
grasp of the logi-
cal principles and an
old knowledge of
metal-working made you

the person to design and
create this new instrument.

After that, clockwork fas-
cinated you. Your study time
was spent shaping a series of

» increasingly intricate models of
the celestial spheres, and you
corresponded with other ex-
perts, one of whom gave
startlingly brilliant advice
You Awoke while meditating
on thenumerical, mechanical
structure of the world. After that,
learning more of the brotherhood of
similarly enlightened folk was no sur-
prise. It was written in the stars.

Concept: You are eccentric by the

standards of your age; you think in minutes
and seconds when most folk have trouble with anything less
than aseason. You insist that Creation is regular, structured
and numerical (which sounds like gibberish to most). You
build instruments to emulate and measure what you com-
prehend. You see no incompatibility between this and your
vows; your God is the Great Clockmaker. Your abbot
knows you as a master craftsman and permits — even
encourages — you to travel between abbeys and cathedrals,
employing your skill for the glory of God and His Church

ay

Roleplaying Hints: You are a practical sort of thinker
who approaches life as something to be measured and
weighed. Although you are rarely violent and have sworn
monk's vows, you would rather see a problem solved than let
it fester. Your grasp of past and future makes you more
formidable than your monkish, scholarly air might suggest

SIREEEZES A

Art: Time is your affinity and your grasp of astrology
makes past and future alike clear to you. You not only build
clocks to measure time, you use models and astrological
charts to plot and predict events. Your fine and deli-
cate Machinae also demand an Enlightened grasp
of Matter, working mostly with delicate tools
and lenses. Fate and decay are related to
Time, so you are also competent at probing,
predicting and manipulating En-
5% tropy, while intuitions about the
patterns of the world give you some

competence in Connection.
Equipment: As a member of a
"monastic order, you own little more
than the habit on your back —but you
carry many intricate devices, tools and
astrological references. Machinae work
well in your hands and you carry at least
one special device — perhaps a Truth-

Seeing Stone (see page 89).

sans
of A iranboot!

Nature: Freier
Essence:Cavelon — AfMAKon
Chronicle: Deweanor:Sopnicon/ Cabal:
| CSS Attributes CESS
Dbysical Social Mental

Concepticias ate

SER or
}

The LA
FA rtisans iS
Handbook | }


 Craftsman's Daughter

Children sweeten labors; but they make misfortunes more

remembrance of death

— Francis Bacon, The Essays

Quote: Don't tell me that hammer is right for this task. It's
heavy enough, but the shaft is askew!

Prelude: No one called you a problem when you were
achild. Your father, a mundane but talented craftsman, was
happy when you came into his workshop and asked about
his trade; perhaps it flattered him. Even when you persisted
in asking questions as you approached a marrying age, your
parents were not too concerned. A wise master-craftsman
}) might well appreciate a young wife who understood some-
thing of his business, and perhaps could even help a little in
the workshop in emergencies.

But when you realized that some of your father's friends
and fellow-craftsmen were using arts beyond what might be

called natural — that led to
trouble. In fact, it led
you to seek some-
thing pretty
much unprec-
edented.
Women
were not
permitted
in most
or afc
guilds, after
y all. It was
scandalous.
It took
the support of a
certain secret mas-
ter of the Daedalean
arts, and a lot of shout-
ing, to get your way.
Well, perhaps delicate
hands and fine judgment
could be useful in certain
trades; a girl-apprentice
might almost have a
chance. But few folk ex-
"0 pected you to keep up

WAN
XA this craziness — not
K even those who un-
YS

QS derstood its true

4

nature.

Concept: Sheer
stubborn determina-
tion is the key to your

INSTRUCTION
THE FOURTH:
MASTERS OF THE ART

history. That, combined with your potential, is what makes
perceptive Daedaleans watch you with special interest. You
try to maintain contacts in the mundane world — you do
still love your family and wish them to think well of you —
but the High Arts come first. Nothing must bar you from
mastery.

Roleplaying Hints: Hard experience has shown you
that you must work — and fight — for what you need. You
remain quiet for much of the time, then erupt into angry
outbursts when you hammer what is obvious into the thick
skulls of others. You are sympathetic to those who have
been persecuted, but impatient with laziness or self-pity. In
short, you are not easy to like, but you are impossible to take
lightly.

Art: You are still little more than an apprentice, but
your power and potential is evident in the ease with which
you perceive the functions of the art, and in your keen,
uncomplicated eye for much that ordinary folk consider
arcane. You study the Ars Praeclarus intensively, and use it
conventionally through lenses and basic alchemical tests.
Matter is your affinity.

Equipment: Plain craftsman garb (that sometimes gets
you mistaken for a boy at first glance); a set of good tools,
mostly of your own making; a keen-edged knife, worn
hidden in case of emergencies; and a small item of jewelry
of low monetary value but great sentimental importance

a

Fsans
7 Hendbook
Rature: refit

Player: Essence Fre Affliation: jae
Chronicle: Demeanor:tia Cabal:

CSSD Attributes CSSD
Physical Social ‘Dental .

| ame: Concept: Sz"

"9900  Invelgen
CAE |
one sono
pers

Suriial_ 90000. Science 90000,

CSE Spheres CSSD
eon ———B0000 Li 30000. Pe 20000 ||
- 0009 Nasz_————ee080 Spek -ao000

fe 0000 Min 30000 Tene 0080

Carma Avantages CEES
Backgrounds Arete Bealth
e909 #0 #.0.000000 Briel 2

Experience


The
rtisans
Z) Handbook
yer
\\ Kwdlicring (when altendy incpossessionzofl maliy
strange theories). You were inducted and taught by

NN a.
‘NW Geometrician
BWW) There is no certainty where one can neither apply any of the
mathematical sciences nor any of those which are based upon the
mathematical sciences
— Leonardo da Vinci, Notebooks
Quote: The spire spoke of five gilded keys and three
crimson torch-flames. Do you not find that significant?
Preludes A student at‘ great university; fascinated by
ancient mysteries and complex mathematics, you left be-
hind your fellow scholarg in che wild pursuit of knowledge.
Soins wigpeted that thedrawingyon your slatesweretnot
geometrical figures, but pentagrams of summoning. At
fheart,-youwere not sure there was a difference: But inere
drawings were nor sufficient to create the effects that you
sought. It was the peculiar blend of alchemy, craftsmanship
and geometry described in that old obscure volume that
brought you the startling truth
You wereréchiited by the
Otderof Reason a
little while af-
tee your

others of a scholarly bent who believed that books
were more important than personal instruction. Now
you plow a lonely furrow, even by Awakened stan-
dards. Other Daedaleans think your ideas foolishly
mystical and vague, while Sleepers see that your
Machinae are wildly vain and ungodly. The Order
might exclude you (or worse), except that your grasp
of sacred geometry is vast and unique.

Roleplaying Hints: Like many students of the spiritual,
you are strange and unworldly — but you are also an Artificer,
given to analysis and determined to name and enumerate all
that you find. Speak little and cryptically, but make sure that
when you do speak your words carry uncanny weight.

Art: You apply sacred geometry more directly than do
others, sculpting charms, symbols and even physical portals
to other realms. When pressed, you scribe powerful designs
in chalk on walls or floors — and they sometimes work.
Youraffinity is with Spirit workings. You also command the
patterns of this world through your figures, giving you
power over Connection. Your deep grasp of the mysteries
makes you competent with Prime

Equipment: Shabby academic robes; pockets full of
chalk; a room somewhere filled with old books, letters
from fellow theorists (not all Daedaleans) and strange,

apparently pointless devices, warded from all manner of
problems by esoteric symbols.

Handbook:

Chronicle Deme Cabal:

CSE Attributes C.D
Physical Wental

Abilities CATED Y

Spheres C2EESD

Caz Advantages CARES D
Bxckgrounds Aree Sealth
= 00.0090000 tint ‘

Willpower
eeeooooe ®
68805000 ¥

Ouingssence
s


INSTRUCTION
THE FOURTH:
MASTERS OF THE ART

Bring me my bow of burning gold!

Bring me my arrows of desire!

— William Blake, Preface to Milton

Quote: The Hussites weren't the first Sleepers to use the
carriage-gun. They were used in Nuremberg nearly a hundred
years ago. Not a very good design, but workable

Prelude: Inveigling your way into a company of
artillerymen in your early youth, you rose swiftly in the
profession; enthusiasm and applied intelligence always
prosper. Indeed, you found yourself impatient with most
of your fellows. Could they not see the possibilities of
their craft? They sometimes said that your ideas were
dangerous (and it takes a lot to frighten an artilleryman),
but that was foolishness. Much of what you suggested
would actually improve safety.

It was a great relief to find work with a master-
gunner who seemed more sympathetic to your ideas,
and who showed you some secret lore that surprised

even you. You applied your-
self with redoubled
enthusiasm and were soon
welcomed across the forge.
Concept: While you

are primarily a crafts-

man, you are also a

soldier and your

)) quest for underly-

ing principles has

led you to study

all the tools of

war. Indeed,

while

yy our

greatest

skill is

with can-

non, you now

investigate the

potential of

smaller, por-

table weapons.

Reason is a

noble cause.

While you have

| never felt it was

a craftsman-

soldier's place to

concern himself with the subtleties of morality, you
enjoy the sense of working for a good cause.

Roleplaying Hints: Even your friends might disbelieve
it, but you are nota natural killer, oreven especially violent.
You merely act as though you were. You are fascinated by
weapons and your enthusiasm encompasses both using and
creating them. After all, there are plenty of circumstances
in which force is necessary, so you might as well make sure
that it's done right.

Other people are unlikely to regard you as evil
once they know you, but they may consider you some-
thing of a bore. Still, you enjoy life's simple pleasures
— although you may become almost as obsessive
about the quality of good ale or the skills of a minstrel
as you are about weapons.

Art: Your works are pragmatic in the extreme. Forces
is the key and your affinity. Prime empowers it and
Matter ensures that your materials are correct. You know

one or two rote alchemical recipes, which act as your &
doorway to Prime; you may one day study formal alchemy §

to enhance this.

Equipment: You own an array of fine and exotic
weapons and armor, including some exceptional Devices.
Perhaps you have your own Titan's Armor, Horatius' Thun-
der or Helm of Heimdal. Your mundane pc
rather plain, if well-made. Your tunic and cloak are fine for
the guild-house, but won't do at all if you're invited to a
grand party.

ssions are

The
sans
Handbeck

Nature: Yheorsd
Essence: Fare
Chronicle: Demeanor:Archites!
Cae Attributes CSSD
Dhysical Social ‘Dental
Sen 99000 Chasens_—__88000. Pecerten_

8000. Arreun

SSEsSED Abilities Qe

Concept:depn
Affiliation:

Enuere
Lzakntip99000
Melia 10000
Mee {90000

Spheres C2zeeEsESZ®D [

SD Advantages CEES

Backgrounds Arete Bealth
#0000 © 0 6.0000000 Bobet

fas
4

F


The
rtisans
Handbook

value individual inspiration so highly, they have high
. Masters and regard for historical hero-figures. However, they gen-
erally try to remember that these folk were human
beings, not gods; the fire of inspiration burns within
rather than being a gift from above. The concept of an
. The worthy master
s has been noted before, Artificers remains among his apprentices, teaching them rather
see the history of their Convention than vanishing into transcendent obscurity.
in terms of great inventions and The historical overview in Chapter Two describes
themselves on the ancient lineage However, innovators are not sentimental. They hold
of their craft, and some of the more that their greatest figures of the present age bear
| scholarly of their number delve forever into old scrolls comparison with some of the past. The following may
A) J} and tomes in pursuic of ose craft secrets. Because they be counted among these contemporaries

"oracle" is one they often distr


INSTRUCTION

Filippo Brunelleschi (A.D. 1377-1446): An hon-
ored architect, secret representative of the High
Artisans and dedicated "revolutionary of the mind,"
| Brunelleschi is responsible for introducing a major
new style of building to the Renaissance world. In the
process, he slightly annoys some traditionalist
Craftmasons who hold that architecture is their do-
main and who preserve a fondness for the old "Gothic"
style.

Born in Florence, Brunelleschi was trained as a
goldsmith and sculptor. (Goldsmiths are among the
elite of Italian craftsmen, receiving a broad education
in the arts and engineering.) Becoming a (mundane)
master in 1401, he entered a contest to design the
bronze doors for the Baptistery of Florence. Working
on this design in competition with some of the finest
artists of the age, he Awoke.

The contest was in fact won by another —Lorenzo
Ghiberti. Brunelleschi feigned deep disappointment
to cover the training he then undertook with the
Daedaleans and his move to their great projects

Brunelleschi first reintroduces the idea of per-
spective to the art of painting, making it a more
powerful tool for extending status and influence over
Enlightened artists. In 1420, he becomes chief engi-
neer of the half-finished Florence Cathedral. He not
only designs a dome for the building, the greatest of
the age, but constructs new machines that allow it to
be built without vast quantities of scaffolding. He
also works on numerous other buildings and military
defenses. Later Daedaleans credit him with turning
the Sleepers of Italy firmly toward acceptance of the
Humanist paradigm

OMBENTEIN

THE FOURTH:
MASTERS OF THE ART

Adolpus Gent (A.D. 1370-14182): Gent isan old §
enemy, not a hero, to most Artificers, but many
secretly admire him a little. In fact, he is — or was —
that authentic rarity, an independent master Artifi-
cer — ora renegade, depending on one's judgment.

Gent was born and brought up in Bavaria, where
he trained as a blacksmith and helped in the con-
struction of clocks for
served as a smith-armorer in the ill-fated crusade
against the Ottomans in Hungary, 1396. Disgusted by
the aristocratic incompetence he saw there, he was
recruited by the Craftmasons. They state that he was 4
one of their valued but un-Enlightened brethren, and
that he soon slipped away; it is not clear when he
Awakened.

local monasteries. He then

He reappears in 1410 as the maker of a series of
increasingly exotic and powerful machines, all of which use
advanced clockwork. Building his personal power before
anyone can determine what best to do about him, he soon
proclaims himself an independent local ruler, defying the
"noble fools" and "prattling priests" of the age. The secular
and papal powers respond predictably and eventually over-
whelm Gent'smechanical armiesby sheer weightofnumbers,
aided by a number of Daedaleans who claim to fear that he
has aligned himself with doubrful powers (although there is
never any firm evidence of this). Gent is supposedly killed
riot" is destroyed by
cannon fire, but details are uncertain. The Artificers sal-
vage what they can of his machinery while other Daedaleans
seek to confuse tales of the affair to avoid dangerous
associations with their own mechanical creations. The
cover-upis aided by the embarrassment of lords whom Gent
and a few hundred irate peasants and clever smiths hold off
for months.

when his personal "clockwork cl


Elena Anna Palomatheides, "Maxima Ariadne"
(A.D. 1389- ): Born and brought up in a merchant's
family in Constantinople, Elena Palomatheides grew
upa driven, scholarly woman who gradually discarded
all mundane affectations and allegiances once she
had become Enlightened.

She brings the High Artisans an extensive knowl-
edge of ancient and modern scholarship from both
the western and Islamic worlds (being fluent in Greek,
Latin and Arabic). She also harbors an interest in
small ingenious devices that owes most to the last
tradition.

Traveling widely, she earns the respect of her
colleagues through her exceptional skill with pneu-
matic and hydraulic devices. Although she works
primarily on a small scale, her advice leads to many
improvements in the designs of balloons and water-
craft. She proves a mistress of Forces, Matter and
Time. She also displays impressive political skills,
PB which others credit to her "Byzantine" upbringing.
These capabilities enable her to retain the office of
Maxima in her Convention (and hence the official
name of "Ariadne") for an unprecedentedly long time.

She isa dark, short, plain woman, charming when
she wishes to be but more often displays a cool,
focused will. She is sometimes accompanied by a
large, unspeaking brass automaton, presumably of her
own construction. She never discusses the device and
no one has ever dared test its capabilities.

The
oF rtisans
Handbook

TeneEWeLEW OD

fi
Leonardo da Vinci (A.D. 1452-1519): Future genera-
tions, even of Daedaleans, find it difficult to determine
Leonardo's true historical role. Master Artificer? Inspired
Sleeper, too unique to Awaken in any traditional way?
Useful but eccentric channel used to insinuate Artificer
ideas into the consensus once the true nature of the Scourge
is understood? Those who may know are strangely eva-
The mundane facts of his life are in a thousand books.
Born illegitimate but not poor in Florence, he is appren-
ticed to an artist at 15, accepted in the Painters' Guild at 20
and moves to Milan (and begins studying mathematics) at
30. He remains there as a painter and occasional engineer
and consulting architect for 17 years, although his master-
piece, a giant equestrian statue of Francesco Sforza, is left
unfinished because of war. Then, after a couple of years
back in Florence, he enters the service of the power-hungry
Cesare Borgia for a year. After that, he continues moving
among various Italian cities. He spends the last three years
of his life as an honored servant of the King of France. The
reason for some of his moves is unclear; Sleeper historians
believe he may be homosexual and must move frequently or
he may just be utterly restless. He is a uniquely brilliant
painter, but not very productive, and his notebooks are full
of extraordinary, beautiful sketches and casual observations
on anything and everything, especially in relation to art.
The machines that he sketches — ornithopters, sub-
marines, parachutes, horse-drawn "tanks" and many others
— typify the High Artisan ideal, but are probably vastly
vain (although some of the detailed mechanisms he sketches
are highly practical and often innovative). If he builds
many, if any, of these devices, it is in secret. To the
Enlightened as to Sleepers, Leonardo is a unique enigma.


= = AB

Roland Hoffmann (A.D. 1421-1472): A Magistrate of
the High Artisans in northern Germany, Hoffmann began
as. a monk and a scholar. Finding the cloistered life too
confining, he fled and eventually fell into mercenary ser-
vice. However, he retained some intellectual interests and

training and applied his intellect to the artillery.
lightened, he enters the Order of Reason
fa competent Artificer, leader and orga-
red-haired man who begins to turn gray
s while still young. His terse, military air

disguises a restless curiosity

Atthe Battle of Harz, the Order's last climactic struggle
with the Infernalist Tezghul the Insane, Hoffmann not only
commands the Artisan contingent, he personally super-
visesa battery of very powerful rapid firing cannon. Tezghul,
seeing his vilest allies ripped to shreds by these guns,
desperately sends a screaming horde of followers against
them. Surrounded when the fourth wave of assailants
finally gets through, Hoffmann and his crews calmly deto-
nate their entire powder-stores, leaving that entire flank of

the field devoid of life (and undead).

INSTRUCTION
THE FOURTH:
MASTERS OF THE ART

King Sejong of Korea (A.D. 1397-1450): In a cold,
barely known country on the far edge of the Eurasian land
mass, beyond even far Cathay, a king has dreams that
Daedalean travelers can respect. He may be Enlightened;
he is certainly wise. He has banned Buddhist monks from
his capital on the grounds that they have become corrupt
(and thereby foil Akashic schemes). Sejong institutes a
Confucian-style bureaucracy with entry by examination,
His "Hall of Worthies" is a center of learning and he
welcomes Chinese Artificers (who find their homeland a
little less congenial in recent years) to his capital.

But Sejong is notin thrall to Chinese culture. Chinese
writing is not appropriate to the Korean language, so he
invents a new phonetic script: "Hangul." As the Koreans
invented moveable-type printing centuries before, this
script becomes a powerful tool. Sejong is
and a patron of geographers and musicians.

also an astronomer


ZG
0 Seyi al

Nee

my,

ae

a a
sos
Sok

ae

eae


INSTRUCTION
THE FIFTH:
THE CRAFT SUPREME

OR
7

MA
i?

he Army of Reason was camped before the
Castle of Superstition. Its numbers would have

seemed laughably small to any mundane cap-
tain. The Gabrielites stood, swords in hand,
praying for flame to descend upon their en-

emies. Cosian physicians scurried about,

preparing potions and poultices upon which the
warriors of Pure Thoughelooked with unconcealed distrust. Amongst
ail this, the Artisans fele that they alone were actually being of

} immediate use as they aligned cannon and siege engines, brewed

Greek Fire and sent volimteer observers aloft on great kites to assess
thedefenses. A clockwork war-machine satat the back of the camp,
tended by loving apprentices, awaited the moment when the walls
twere declared weak enough for direct assaule

But that moment looked to be some while away.

A horse rode into camp, challenged briefly by a dutiful
sentry until its rider showed a badge and was scrutinized by a
grizaled veteran who looked at everything through a polished
crystal lens atop a silver staff. What he and the sentry both saw
was a young woman, smudged by smoke and travel, clad as a
messenger or suchlike in tough leathers and furs. She was wiry
and whipcord-muscled. A small iron box was strapped firmly
behind her saddle

She asked directions of the sentry and followed them, riding
a few hundred paces around the camp until she found the small
party of Artificer-Mauls. There, she was hailed as an old ally by
a dour swordsman. She dismounted to greet him; they clasped
hands and then she turned back to her horse to gather up the box.

Though our smoke may hide the Heavens from your eyes,
Ie will vanish and the stars will shine again,
Because, for all our power and weight and size,
We are nothing more than children of your brain!
— Rudyard Kipling, The Secret of the Machines

"Ie's ahard fight, this one," the swordsman said conversa-
tionally. "If the Masons hadn't thrown up wards and labyrinths,
‘we'dall have been dead or stark mad by the end of the third night
Demon-winds send our missiles wide of the mark."

"Tknow," said Rosa, Artisan among High Artisans. "We
have fought their band before."

"Ah," said the swordsman, "and do you have diamond
knives for us this day?"

"No need for diamond," the woman replied, "for I have
looked into the heart of such stones with lenses and strange fires
Even iron may be made hard as diamond, if it is transformed
aright." And with that she turned and opened the box. The
heavy, needle-sharp darts within caught the sparse sunlight and
seemed to amplify it, co make it sparkle off faceted edges. "Silver
is even better," Rosa declared. "These are merely examples.
Give me a forge and three apprentices and there will be many
more."

"And they will slay evil spirits?" the swordsman asked with || A
cautious hope. \S
"Hurl them from your cannon and they will not be turned XW
aside. They will cut through the wind itself and shatter witch-

enchanted stone."

"An this is your masterpiece?" the swordsman asked with
his grim smile. "You can pay the price of that rank?"

"Such it is," Rosa the Artisan returned the smile exactly,

"and that price I can pay. I have looked into the heart of silver
and diamond."


The swordsman nodded and looked upon the woman. She
looked back. "I think I see your thoughts, though that is not my
Craft," she said. "You think that I have looked into my own heart
and found that, too, hard as diamond, cold as silver."

"[ would say no such thing to an old friend."

"No—well, as you will. hank you for your courtesy. But
in truth, my heart remains human, and mine own. But it, t00,
I may transform for a while if the need presses. | would not
otherwise be fit for the rank that I intend to claim." And with
J that, the woman turned to seek the siege-guns to offer them the
weapons she had forged

The NeedfulWork

he whole purpose of Artificer characters
is to create Devices. If such characters are
to be played effectively, some thought
and a few system mechanics must be
applied to the process.

This chapter extends and compli-
cates the brief rules given on page 257 of
Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade. Such complications are
always optional, of course; these rules should be treated as
guidelines, not something carved in stone. Yet Storytellers
should certainly pay a little attention to the subject.

Artificers make rich and complex characters, but some
players may become rather enthusiastic about the raw fire-
power that they can wield. And if characters turn to
Artificer Devices to resolve every problem they encounter,
opportunities for roleplaying are diminished. Daedalean
innovation is supposed to be hard work, literally character-
forming; it should be a part of roleplaying, not a substitute.

Of course, if you as Storyteller come up with Devices for
background characters to buildor wield, feel free to treat these rules
as the loosest of guidelines. If something is necessary for the plot,
there is usually some way it coudd be built. However, try to play
reasonably fair; if spectacular machines consistently appear in the
handsofmere apprentices, players rightly become suspicious. Ifthe
players of Artificer characters feel that they are barred completely
from accomplishments that their rivals and foes can manage,
whatever their level of supposed accomplishment, players are
likely to be dispirited and irritated.

Definitions

‘A number of terms with specific meanings are used in this
chapter. Terminology is not a matter of such precision among
Daedaleans themselves! Apart from the fact that members of the
Order ofReason speak scores of different languages, each has his or
herown history ofeducation, attitude to the Craft, mundane habits
ofthoughtand personal foiblesand eccentricities. Any Daedalean
text written for widespread use should ideally commence withaset
of definitions (but few do). Meetings of Enlightened craftsmen are
fullofcrossed purposes. A consistent terminology isone ofthe most

The
rtisans
Handbook}

importantambitionsofthe Order'smoreclear-sighted Magistrates,
Some century to come, it wll happen.

The word Device is used in a very broad sense in this
book, to encompass not only building-sized machines, but
also buildings that use or embody a certain amount of
ingenuity. Architecture and stonework are crafts on a par
with smithying. Afterall, a 20th-century architect will call
a house a "machine for living in." Some alchemical and
medical preparations are also covered by the same rules.

Mundane Devices are precisely that. Their designs are
commonplace and their manufacture is perfectly possible
without any trace of Enlightenment. Examples include spears,
andard crossbows, muzzle-loading cannon, matchlock
, simple weight-driven chiming clocks, wind- and

arquebus
water-mills, Gothic cathedrals and almost all musical instru-
ments in existence apart from some demented organs.
Sometimes an Enlightened Artificer comes up with a
device that does not already exist, but which uses an
"obvious" principle or which combines two existing De-

vices, preferably completely visibly —a clock thatis rewound
by an attached water-mill, or a large cannon fitted with a
matchlock mechanism and pull cord that enable it to be
fired from aslightly safer distance. Some such ideas work, at
least some of the time. Enlightened Artificers can be rather
poor at assessing what is "obvious" to Sleepers

Unusual Devicesare the sorts of things thataren'tseen very
often, if at all, in Sleeper society, but which do not actually
violate any Sleeper's sense of propriety. Once seen, they are
generally accepted and tolerated (although curious Sleepers
may persist in coming back for "another look"). Thus, these
items tend to require an Enlightened imagination willing to
transcend the tiresome limits of what has gone before for
conception and initial design work. (Though not necessarily
— Sleepers are capable of originality and ingenuity and
Storytellers should never forget it, even if arrogant, snobbish
characters might.) That done, though, Unustial Devic
be produced as easily as Mundane Devices, by competent,
trained Sleeper craftsmen as well as by the Enlightened.

Examples in this category include the one-handed cross-
bows beloved by Craftmasons (which most soldiers would
regard as too light for warfare and too expensive for street-
fighting), repeating crossbows (although these have been
known in China for many centuries), certain very crude diving
suits, great domed buildings, armored chariots, simple hydrau-
lic systems such as some of the coin-operated devices and
"selfopening" doors built by Heron of Alexandria, and the
more complex, highly accurate clocks that incorporate visible
displays as well as bells. Wheel-lock firearms (see Chapter
One) just slip into this category from the next. Unusual
Devices are not usually susceptible to the Scourge, but are
often highly, aggravatingly unreliable.

Extraordinary Devices are somewhere amidst the vanguard
of 1450 technology, and are sometimes century or two ahead.
Alchough they do not actually violate high laws of nature as


understood by Sleepers, they can be mistaken for magick of a
stunted sort if one does not pay attention. Examples include
hot-air balloons, reliable breech-loading cannon, complex
horse-propelled "tanks," spring-powered pocket timepieces,
very simple steam engines, very intricate hydraulic and pneu-
matic devices and crude submarines

To conceive such devices requires Enlightenment and a
powerful imagination. Once a moderately detailed design
exists and the principles have been demonstrated by large
models, rigorous argumentand perhaps by a first experimental
construction, mundane craftsmen may take up the work. Such
ingenuity oversteps the precipice of hubris, though.
nary Devices sometimes bring down the Scourge upon those
who employ them.

xtraordi-

These inventions may seem a little pointless in many ways
they are almost as hard to make and unreliable to use as true
Machinae, are rarely as effective and may bring on the Scourge.

D) } However, they have theircompensations. Extraordinary Devices
areeasier tobuild thanare Machinge, especially in large quantities,
andare also easier tooperate. Indeed, many canbe passedon toun-
Enlightened brethren. They certainly tend to be cheaper in
monetary terms; Machinae demand the very best materials and
sometimes impossibly obscure components, whereas Extraorti-
nary Devices merely demand high-quality stuf.

Works of Art are an unusual case but nonetheless of some
concemtoHigh Artisans, whocountpainters sculptors, musicians

INSTRUCTION
THE FIFTH:
THE CRAFT SUPREME

Lips cal

anda few poets among their number. The Order can be very good
for an artist's name and finances.

Machinae are devices that definitely require an En-
lightened hand and eye. They incorporate the applied Ars 4
Pracclarus, usually in the form of sacred geometry, or
perhaps involve an advanced but pragmatic form of al-
chemy or some other application of Elemental
Correspondences. In system terms, a character owning one
of these creations has the Magickal Treasure Background
(whereas the preceding categories require only a plausible
character story and perhaps the Resources Background to
cover the cost) Vy

Examples of Machinae include multi-barrelgd wheel- yf
lock firearms that throw flaming bullets; heavier-than-air ///
flying machines (such as ornithopters or "helicopters"); /
grossly strong and yet useable "Titan's Armor"; any craft
that can pierce the clouds and travel to other worlds;
clockwork "tanks"; any device or substance that influences
the mind from a distance, promotes rapid healing or dis-
plays power over the spirit world; and useful, powerful steam
engines. Virtually all such items are intrinsically vain,
although their nature may be disguised for a while. Titan's
Armor, for example, can pass for mundane plate to casual
inspection. A subtly made gun might seem conventional —
until the second shot.

However, notall Machinae need be strictly functional


oe

calling creations are created for the sheer pleasure of creat
ing. Some Machinae are wonderful toys. For example, tiny
clockwork animals never fail to delight queens — minia-
ture birds, worked in gold and set with jewels that cock their
heads and whistlea tinny song or flap their wings fetchingly
are truly prizes to be coveted and cherished. But let the
builder beware: If a clock cannot be made according to
common Sleeper knowledge, surely this miracle of crafts-
manship cannot be possible either!

Operating Machinae requires more than simple drill
Whereas any oafish mercenary who's learned to use an
arquebus can grasp the aiming of a wheel lock in a few
minutes, a Machina is a delicate, intricate piece of inspired
workmanship and science, It demands an understanding of
the latter. In system terms, atleast one dot in an appropriate
Science Knowledge, or perhaps a couple in some related
Craft are required. Use of Machinae —at least in an active
way — also tends to demand Awakening or Awareness,
which give a deep grasp of the subtleties of the business and

€/ because Machinae are machines before all else, they may
just respond to the hand of a Sleeper. Sometimes.

Great Machinae are theoretically the largest ofMMachinae, but
in practice —in game terms—they are more in the nature of plot
devices. Players should be discouraged from asking for such things
as permanent possessions for their characters, mostly because they
are too powerful, but also because they would be rather cumber-
some and ludicrous in use. Being vast in size and generally
experimental in nature, Great Machinae cause massive damage
when they function correctly and usually fail to function correctly
or for long. Examples include most automatons (especially the
giant clockwork contraptions described in Crusade Lore), gal-
leon sized flying ships and building sized devices designed to exert
power over entire countries.

(In late-20th-century terms, Great Machinae can be used in
stories owing far more than is healthy to James Bond movies.)

The process of creation for each order of Device differs.
Machinae must perforce be especially distinct. However,
Enlightened Artificers regard all such works of the hands as
essentially equivalent, and it is reasonable to view all
within the same framework of ideas and system mechanics.

Quintessence,
Suel and Powder

Many devices require some source of power. This becomes a
complex issueonly inrelation to Machinae. Such itemsaredefined
ashavingacertain amount of "Quintessence" in exactly the same
wayasotherMagickal Treasures;apointortwo isused up whenever
the Device'scapabilitiesare exercised. However, the nature ofthe
ArsPraeclarusissuch that this Quintessence often hasan entirely
tangible, even mundane-seeming form. It may represent or be
represented by, say, a flask of fuel, a load of bullets or whatever.

In the case of a House Verditius mage imbuing an
object with a particular virtue, the Quintessence may be
completely invisible and intangible; Hermetics do not
demand thatall procedures be perfectly scientific according
to the Daedalean concept of science. However, should a
Hermetic Device require a tangible form of Quintes
fuel, it is likely to take the form of traditional Vis-charged
items such as powdered dragon scales, gold dust or a glyph
of power engraved upon a silver bracelet

enceor

Your game can seem a little odd if Machinae are treated
exactly like fetishes or talismans. Most Quintessence reserves
are replenished through use of a Prime 3 effect — an act of
magick that pours the raw stuff of creation into the object.
That's all well and good, but topping off a flask of oil hardly
seems like an act of magick. Thus, for a greater sense of
"realism" and detail, the Storyteller may define a different
"replenishment process" for each Machina. This need not
even require supernatural activity, but it should be at le
little special or dramatic. Characters could have to acquire a
heavy barrel of Abundanti's Oil, haul it aboard their Skyrigger,
lower it into the aft hold and siphon it carefully into a main
tank (nota task to be undertaken in a storm or in battle). Or
characters could spend hours in a laboratory, carefully balanc-
ing the resonant planetary influences in a complex alchemical
compound, one distilled drop of which brings a certain crystal
back to life.

For the sake of both drama and system balance, replen-
ishment processes should certainly never be too mundane.
Horatius' Thunder isn't simply reloaded with any old pow-
der and lead shot; the powder must be of exceptional
quality, else the residue clogs the complex mechanism,
while the shot — iron balls impregnated with sulfur using
a subtle chemical trick — must be made precisely to fit the
weapon or it does not fire as well as it is able. Likewise, fuel
for a Daedalean steam engine must burn hot, leaving
negligible ash. Remember, these are wild implausible de-
vices for their time, at the very least the Renaissance
equivalents to Formula One racing cars, not sedans. A race
car burns an expensive special formulation, not regular
gasoline from the corner station.

ta

Preparation of such fuel probably requires the skills of a
character with good knowledge of alchemy or some advanced
science. The Storyteller should decide what is required when
the Machina is first introduced. It is likely that the builder has
the necessary abilities, but it isn't guaranteed (Artisans often
trade ideasand products). The task need not be trivial for even
that maker, either.

Breaking from traditional power sources can represent
a definite advantage for Machinae users. Their "fuel" is
standardized, can usually be stored and lent to others at
whim, and does not require any particular Sphere expertise.
Call it one of the small benefits of being a Daedalean; the
persistent vanity of Machinae and of many other uses of the
Ars Praeclarus should more than compensate.


Extraordinary Devices
and the Scourge

Extraordinary Devices teeter on the edge of
magick. Although they may be used without Awak-
ening, they do sometimes bring down the Scourge.

When they are used quietly, however, this is not
agreat risk. If the only witnesses to their employment
are Awakened, or Sleepers who have some idea how.
these items might work (mostly meaning Daedalean
brethren), they should suffer only ordinary failures. If
Extraordinary Devices are used with hubris, however,
and a botch is rolled, the operator may acquire a
Scourge point. For example, a simple submarine or a
horse-powered tank sent charging into battle, all
weapons blazing, might suffer a temporary failure and.
suffer Scourging

Ifsuch Devices are used in the presence of ordinary
Sleepers, the risk grows. When an item is first seen, the
player rolls Wits + Awareness or Wits + whatever
Ability is used to operate the machine, difficulty 6. The
operator gains a Scourge point unless three successes are
obtained. Ona botch, the Device suffers a catastrophic
failure of some sort during the scene.

Sleepers who acquire Scourge points in this way
should thereafter roll a Fortune Die whenever they
use a complex mechanism or deal with any kind of
supernatural phenomenon —until they roll a 1 or 10,
at which point the effects are much like a mage's
Scourging (often taking the form of spectacular me-
chanical failure ot bizarre effect). Alternatively, the
Storyteller may inflict such an event on the Sleepers
(burning off their Scourge points) at what seems like
an appropriate moment, preferably while they oper-
ate the same Device. If Sleepers toy with something
beyond the natural, they may have to pay the price.

Movement Forms
and Speeds

Devices built for personal transportation are particularly
varied, especially with regard to the speed at which they travel.
Again, the Storyteller must apply common sense and arbitrary
authority here, but a few rules of thumb are provided.

The primary question concems the form of propulsion.
One may generally travel swiftly over short distances or at a
more leisurely pace for much further. Vehicles that can travel
in whatever direction the driver wishes, irrespective of the
perversity of weatherorof trained beasts. They are also far more
vain than are more traditional forms of transport. The most
common modes of locomotion are as follows:

I] instruction
@ INSOROD 5 THE FIFTH:
(4 | THE CRAFT SUPREME

Trained Animals can run in complex treadmill mecha-
nisms to propel vehicles. Speed is limited to the animals'
natural movement rate, assuming the animals perform as
hoped; the Devices are usually so noisy and strange that
they frighten beasts beyond usefulness.

The modern hamess (claimed to be a Daedalean cre-
ation) permits fairly efficient use of cartsand such, especially
on reasonably flat ground. Horses walk at 10 yards per turn
and gallop at about 35 — but only a flimsy lightweight
chariot would approach thatspeed. Most mundane carts are
pulled around ata slow walk. Cattle are harnessed for thei
brute strength, not for speed; ox-drawn vehicles remain at
a walk. Other species are rarely found in harness (and very
few can be domesticated usefully).

Oars and Treadmills are means of employing human
muscle-power t0 good effect, usually on water. They range
from the ancient (the oared boat) to the bizarre (treadmill
paddle-boats, which actually rate as Mundane De
China). Oared ships cruise at a faitly stately pace, say seven to tS
15 yards per turn. A healthy crew can keep this up for hours. {
"Ramming sprints" at around twice this speed are possible for
only brief bursts, bur that can be enough in battle.

Sails give a ship wondrous speeds — if fate (or a phenom-
enally powerful magus) sends sympathetic winds. Modern
rigging permits flexibility in the exploitation of conditions, but
a dead calm is not to be argued with. Sail-powered land
vehicles pass as mundane curiosities in most places, and are
built foramusement in some, but they need flat terrain and are
cumbersome on that. Daedalean war-balloonsand the likealso
ride the winds, with far greater steering problems. Movement
ranges up to 20 to 25 yards per tum; stronger winds wreck ships
rather than aid them. (Of course, a day of good winds in the
right direction means a ship maintains speed all day, without
any man ot beast becoming tired or fuel being burned.)
Daedalean craft are built slightly better and skim a little
swifter, but rarely surpass mundane craft by more than a yard
or so per turn in any given conditions.

sin

Advanced Skyriggers and such ride "aetheric winds" to
the heavens. Their apparent speeds on long voyages are
incalculable and are aided by arcane Arts of Connection,
but that manner of travel is attained only in the Void.
Below the clouds, a Skyrigger catches the wind like the
sailing ship it resembles.

Gliders are aerial devices that float on the winds rather
than rely on active propulsion. They use no fuel and verge on
the casual, but are otherwise limited. They normally move at
about 25 yards per turn and lose a yard of altitude every turn
until they land; each extra yard of descent adds one to horizon-
tal movement rate, but diving at more than 10 yards per turn
isprobably suicidal. Swoopingclimbsandascendingon breezes
are left to the Storyteller to administer; they are possible but
require some mixture of skill and luck.

"Clockwork" vehicle mechanisms store propulsive force
in great metal springs. The Ars Praeclarus is required to


produce a metal that serves this purpose and even then springs
sometimes fail catastrophically, perhaps through the Scourge,
bursting outward to shatter surrounding machinery and its
operators, Few clockwork devices can operate for more than
eight or 10 turns before they wind down. Their advantage is
that they are fairly easy to recharge; a few burly brethren or a
farmyard ox can have them running again ina few minutes. [In
system terms, a clockwork mechanism does not generally
employ Quintessence in any form for its routine operations]
Clockwork devices are swift while they do work. On land,
some bizarre unreliable clockwork automata have achieved 25
or even 40 yards per tur, although decently armored "tanks"
rarely exceed 10. Water-craft accomplish similar speeds (the
swiftest usually being designed for one-time rammingassaults),
whileclockworkomithoptersand helicopters manageasmuch
as 20 to 30 yards. Land-based designs built to work on flat
ground are typically faster than large-wheeled or long-legged
devices designed to deal with rough country.

Steam Power is a High Artisan creation drawing on the

erably to make them useful and efficient. Daedalean engines
have great spherical copper boilers, whirling mechanisms
that emit gouts of steam from odd points, and intricate
linkages of belts and chains. They can run for hours, though
only the largest carry enough fuel for a full day. Swift war-
machines run for bare minutes on what is shoveled into
their furnaces. Speeds on land range from 15 to 20 yards per

tum for lightweight battle-designs, down to seven to 10
yards for long-distance steam carts. Steam boats tend to be

steady and powerful rather than swift, achieving about 10
yards per turn. Steam engines usually prove too heavy for
use in Artificer flying machines; those that fly under their
own power can manage only eight to 12 yards per turn, and
that for minutes at best. A few steam-powered balloons
have achieved 15 yards per turn on calm days, with enough
fuel for half a day's operation.

[Steam-powered Machinae may have Quintes
reserves to represent the high-grade coal that they burn,
Most use about one point per hour, but vehicles built for
speed use it at about two to five times this rate. A heavier-
than-air machine is likely to use one point per minute.}

Oil Engines are exotic devices built by certain High
Artisans to exploit the Craftmason invention of Abundanti's
Oil. Complex and enigmatic contraptions exploiting Forces
and Matter effects, alchemy and sacred geometry, these
inventions defy the understanding of many Enlightened
Artisans. They slightly exceed the movement rates of steam
engines of comparable size, and markedly surpass them in
endurance (thanks to their fuel). These advantages come at
the expense of high running costs, fire risks and a great deal
of tricky maintenance work. Oil engines may be the best
option for swift, short-range ornithopters capable of match-
ing the pace of a galloping horse


[See page 287 of the main rulebook for Abundanti's
Oil. Most small vehicles have a tank large enough to hold
one barrel's worth, which lasts for perhaps a week of fairly
continuous standard use. High-speed flying machines and
large vehicles burn through the stuff much faster.]

Rockets are still generally seen more as weapons than as
means of transportation, but some High Artisans, seeing the
speed and power granted by gunpowder, cannot help but
dream. In the air, a rocket might carry a foolhardy pilot at 50
yards per turn for a few moments. There are also some Artifi-
cer-built rocket-powered "chariots" capable of 40 yards per
turn, but they're likely to crash catastrophically at the first
bump. Rocket boats have achieved 30 yards per turn on calm
water. A mechanism capable of turning rocket propulsion on
and off requires considerable ingenuity and often fails.

[Rocket-propelled Machinae use a point of Quintes-
sence every tum. Starting, stopping and steering are all
likely to require an Arete roll, and when it is botched....]

Direct Use of Quintessence

A few types of Machinae — especially some older
Craftmason creations — do use Quintessence "directly."
This type of Machina tends to be the creation of Artificers
who do not belong to one of the European Daedalean
conventions. Both Hermetic inventors and eastern crafts-
men have a stronger belief and faith in intangible, spiritual
forces than do the Daedaleans, so neither finds the concept
of invisible fuel improbable or Promethean. Examples in-
clude certain instruments that are constructed around
exotic crystals or gems that have been stressed subtly and
imbued with obscure energies. As the:
the crystals deform, displaying internal flaws or simply
cloud over as they are "polluted." The required Prime 3
recharging process in these cases takes the form of a purify-
ing treatment or a nigh-ritualistic "re-attunement" (as an
Artisan with a special awareness of the deep structure of the
world works on a crystal, it grows clear). Then there are
certain Daedalean attempts at perpetual-motion engines,
which work by investing a complex substance into the
motive process and then returning it to its original state in
the last phase. Unfortunately, impurities creep in and the
"virtue" of the empowering compound is lost. An
alchemically based Prime 3 procedure serves to purify the
compound, restoring its balance of essences.

The point about these "magical" devices is that the Prime
working tends to be mediated through a physical element of the
Machina, which mustbe subtly "re-empowered." Artificerstend to
take a fundamentally materialistic approach to Prime.

Machinae without Quintessence

SomeMachinaedonot requireanykindof"fuel"atall. These
are listed with "N/A" for Quintessence in the Appendices. Such
devices are usually "reactive" in function — they include armor

sources are used,

INSTRUCTION
THE FIFTH:
THE CRAFT SUPREME

and other protections, which simply block anything that strikes
them. Some are instruments and aids to the senses.
1 power may seem like an advantage for those who
make and use such items. Afterall, they may aid the wielder
countless times in an adventure, rather than merely once
per Quintessence point. However, these devices tend to be
intrinsically limited and passive; the effects balance out
overall. Itis up to the Storyteller to decide ifanew Machina
is "active" and dynamic enough to require Quintessence.
A very few devices may also require a high rating in
some Sphere for a "passive" effect, which does not expend
Quintessence, and a low rating in another Sphere, which
does have a cost. The Quintessence reserve should be
determined from the highest Sphere rating that does require
energy, rather than from the device's full Arete. For ex-
ample, a suit of armor built for a warrior who has to fight
numerous Dream-speakers might incorporate a simple but
powerful Spirit 4 effect —a complex set of engravings based
on sacred geometry, with alchemical preparations "enam-
eled" into the design. The spirit power makes the wearer
immune to possession by minor spirits. The suit also con-
tains a Forces 2 power that causes nearby torches to flare on
command at the cost of a point of Quintessence. This is a
"four-dot" Magickal Treasure, with Arete 4, but its Quin-
tessence reserve is limited to 10, not 20.

Design

Of course, merely conceiving of a device, wondrous or
mundane, does not bring it into being. In fact, most
Craftmasons and many High Artisans hold that the hard,
meticulous work demanded in their making is part of that 4
which gives devices their virtue (in several senses). And
because these are meticulous folk, the first stage of the
process is to study or prepare the design.

Mundane Devices have familiar established formulae or
methods of manufacture. These may be adapted or improved, but
that in itself mustbea methodical decision. Attheother endofthe
scale, all Machinae involve detailed design work during creation,
for they are the personal products of inspired craftsmen. Even
relatively commonplace designs such as Horatius' Thunder is
regarded primarily asan abstract concept,a good idea. An Artificer
setting out to make such a weapon would sit down with what he
knew of other versionsand decide howhe would setabout the task.

(Partial exceptions in this category are some exotic alchemi-
cal formulae, such as that for Abundanti's Oil, which are fairly
well standardized "recipes." Buteven then, any alchemical expert
setting up a new lab would put a subtle personal stamp on the
required layout of vats and retorts.)

Although the design process may be formal, even ritual-
istic, it is also highly personal and not at all standardized.
Renaissance craftsmen do not prepare blueprints, let alone
hold them in filing cabinets for future reference; that develop-
ment is partof the Industrial Revolution. Rather, they prepare


ment), make terse notes that anyone but themselves and
perhaps their apprentices find nigh-impossible to understand,
pore over old manuscripts and build partial models.

Research

"Designs" for Mundane Devices probably have no physi-
cal existence at all. Every blacksmith knows how to make a
plowshare or an ax head. Why put anything down on parch-
ment? A few crankish scholars may sketch these things, but
that just shows how unworldly scholars are. In system terms,
anyone with ratings in appropriate Crafts knows how to make
these things (two dots means one is sure to know alll che
details). Anyone else has to ask or to work it out from first
principles (requiring several successes on some kind of Intelli-
gence-based roll, at the Storyteller's discretion). Pre-existing
Unusual and Extraordinary Devices and Machinae may be
described in Daedalean libraries. The Storyteller always has
the right to say that a design is or is not available, and an
} Intelligence + Research roll may be required for the search. (If
you want a totally random check, make such a roll with
difficulty 9 for Machinae, 8 for other Devices; four successes
result in a decent design, fewer turn up a few useful ideas in
proportion to the successes made. (The Storyteller may still
require a design to be produced from scratch, but permit
research successes to be used to reduce the difficulty.) Each
search takes halfa day, no extended rolls are permitted and the
number of attempts that may be made is equal to the library's
rating asa Background.)

Works of Art cannot be researched in this way; they
must be original by definition. However, browsing through
© a good library may turn up some interesting ideas or tech-
niques. Take aday and roll Perception + Research, difficulty
7, if you don't mind producing something blatantly der
tive and a little dull. The number of successes achieved is
subtracted from the difficulty of one stage in the actual
creation process, but the reduction can neverbe better than
3. Only one such search is permitted; two (as an extended
roll) in a library with a Background value of 4 or more.

(Alldifficulties may be adjusted up ordownby the Storyteller
ifthe library is especially aptor inappropriate for the sort of task at
hand. A Hermetic sorcerer's books are likely to be of little use to
someone tryingto create helicopter, although they might contain
some interesting observations on experiments conceming the
Elemental Correspondencesof Ai, oracynical note on thefailures
of some past magus of House Golo.)

Once a design is found, the Artificer must analyze and adapt
itforherown use, taking (6- Intelligence) days for Machinae, one
day for other Devices. Roll Intelligence plus any one appropriate
Craft or Science, difficulty 7. Three successes are required for
Devices; three plus Background rating for Machinae. Multiple
attempts may be made in extended rolls. (A botch means that the
Artficer cannot make head nor tale of this crazed nonsense!)
Adaptingprevious ideas isnotnecessary conceming Worksof Art.

The

Size Matters

The maximum size ofa Machina is dictated by its
Background rating. A one-dot Machina is never more
than a hand-held instrument, whereas two dots per-
mits it to be human-sized (such as a full suit of armor).
A three-dot Machina can be large enough to hold or
carry two or three people — perhaps four at best; the
size of a chariot or some such light vehicle. Four dots
permits something the size of a large cart ora peasant's
hovel, while five-dot Machinae can include full-sized
ships and decentsized buildings.

Optionally, the size of a Machina may be in-
creasedonelevelinthisseriesbyaddingone Background
point to its cost. Hence a chariot-sized vehicle that
uses Forces 2 to fly while carrying a pilot and ovo
passengers has a cost of five. However, each such
increase adds two weeks to construction time, and
every two increases adds one to the difficulty of the
final Arete roll in the process. Also, at the Storyteller's
option, large Machinae almost certainly burn through
Quintessence (fuel) much faster than "normal."

Oceasionally a Verditius mage comes across a device that
has been used before — used to the point that ithas been bled
dry of all virtue. Because the object has already been specifi-
cally dedicated and given particular properties, it no longer
accepts any attunement other than its original. If there is no
one to explain the device and no written reference, the mage
is faced with the challenge of discovering the item's precise
attunement and function, and of recharging the device. As-
sess Affinity (see page 47) may be used todetermine properties
and affinities, but the mage must follow the same procedure
outlined above for Artificerstoferretout theexactattunement.

Design Ab Initio

If useful research proves impossible or incomplete, the Arti-
ficer mustsit down and compose a design for herself. This requites
aday or two for simple works, up toa week for complex Extraordi-
nary Devices. A Machina requires three times its Background
ratingin days. (Pure Worksof Art disregard thisstage, buttheartist
should probably pause fora few daysand prepare some preliminary
sketches, ifonly to show his patron.) Atthe end of the period, roll
Intelligence + Invention, difficulty 6 for Mundane and Unusual
Devices, 7 for most Extraordinary Devices and Machinae, or 8 for
really bizarre concepts (including most Great Machinae). Five
successes are usually required for Machinae, four for Extraordinary
Devicesand three foranythingelse. Repeated efforts maybemade,
treatedas extended rolls, but a botch wastes all design efforts so far.
(Leavingone'sparchmentcoveredinerroneousscrawhs....) When
Machinae are involved, the Storyteller can and usually should
demand that the designer possesses some appropriate Science and
may request a roll with that


(Oncea design hasbeen prepared, itmay be used repeatedly by
the creator, perhaps even by her apprentices (once they attain
decent levels of skill) and others who work closely with her for
years. The premise may also be explained to others who share the
designer' language and assumptions, usually taking a few hours,
roll Wits + Instruction if the Storyteller feels tiresome.

Determining Capacities

The Artisan having conceived and planned a work of
creation, some further thought may be applied at the game
level. It is all very well to say that the character may create a
cannon, a clockwork telegraph system or a star-faring ship —
but whatdamage can it inflict, how farcan ittransmit messages
or at what speeds can it travel?

There are many concerns applicable to this determina-
tion and not all possibilities can be described here. The
Storyteller's cautious good sense is always called upon.
However, some generalities can be made.

The basic determinants in most cases are: What common-
place devices may accomplish, and what magick achieves. Thus,
Mundane Devices and Machinae are actually the two simplest
categories. Let us take a sadly popuilar idea: a personal firearm.

The system mechanics for such are given in Mage: The
Sorcerers Crusade; difficulty from 6 to 8, damage from 5 to 8,
and so on. A well-crafted weapon built by a Sleeper-court
gunsmith probably doesn't surpass these capabilities. It is
simply a lite lighter, more reliable in the long term and finely
decorated. A multi-barreled weapon builtasarrelatively simple
Machinae, on the other hand, uses the magick rules: Roll
Arete for its innate Forces/Prime effect, determine successes
and calculate damage ftom that. A certain amount of juggling
of numbers and interpolation is likely when Enlightened
Artificers apply their ingenuity, but Storytellers are doubtless,
capable of that. These numbers define limits — say, two to
nine levels of damage, after a roll.

Thus, a wheel lock (an Unusual Device) has characteristics
similar toa matchlock, but fires@ litte faster and more accurately
A well-balanced, double-barreled wheel lock with simple sights
might qualify as an Extraordinary Device, with slightly greater
rangeand the option tofireasecondshot (butbewaretheday when
aspark from the first shot sets off the second). A heavy shoulder-
braced weapon might be Unusual, depending on its other
characteristics. Butifthatlarge weaponhasadamageratingofmore
than nine or 10, itstresses the limits of what nature permits at this
date —and its cumbersome design probably gives itpooraccuracy
(difficulty 8 or maybe even 9).

Similarly, mundane clocks are large, chime the hours
and are accurate to a few minutes every day, while those
Enlightened in the Sphere of Time can judge seconds with
precision. A Daedalean-made clock might "chance" to be
precise to within a minute a day. An Extraordinary ship,
built by and for Void Seekers, might end each such day
having gained a couple of miles on its mundane rivals. In

INSTRUCTION
THE FIFTH
THE CRAFT SUPREME

the 20th century, a Morse Code operatoris said to have sent
40 words in a minute, so that might be the limit for
flickering Daedalean lamps and signal-flags (without vain
use of Mind or Time Arts). Armor can exceed a protection
rating of 6 (equal to expensive tournament plate) only
through the Ars Praeclarus — and so on.

Materials

Attificer creations take the capabilities of the age's
Enlightened science to its limits and hence demand the
highest capabilities of their materials. Inventions are not
quite as exotic as some more ostentatiously "magickal"
devices (which forever require the scales of dragons, feath-
ers of griffins, bark from unknown trees or gemstones from
lost mines). But even so, an inspired designer sometimes
conceives of a Machina that can be built only with materi:
that present a challenge to even Void Seekers.

By and large, however, materials need simply be very
good — absolutely pure, perfectly tempered, cut with dia- Y
mond and polished with silk. The Sphere of Matter can be &
agreat help in such endeavors — but curiously enough, not Weg
for creation so much as for testing.

Given their long-established knowledge of practical al-
chemy and other such arts, Daedaleans can often create or
transform base matter into something like what they need, but
the results are rarely satisfactory. An Artificermay believe that
some such transformation is permanent — and indeed, it may
be under normal circumstances — but the conditions under
which itis then used may be abnormal, rendering the material
unreliable. Furthermore, transformations may have alll man-
nerof unknown side effects. As the Craftmasons often observe 4
with doursatisfaction, laziness often leads tomore trouble than
it saves. Even use of Matter 3 shaping arts to facilitate work is
often disdained; the Resonances created by such workings can
play havoc with delicate preparations across the workshop.

However, simple Matter | Antsgive Artificersmany methods
forexaminingthe quality and nature of material, enablingthem to
determine whether it is indeed up to standard. A Daedalean
workshop is full of strange crystals and phials of testing reagents,
used delicately and deftly at each stage to ensure that the Work is
sound and is not damaged by what is done to it. Craftmason
building sites undergo similar effects achieved by careful testing of /
Resonances and intricate geometrical measurement.

Thus, making Machinae and other Devices often in-
volves Matter, even if the functions of the finished item
bear no obvious relation to that Sphere. This is not to say
that those few Artificers who know nothing of Matter
cannot make things, but their efforts perforce involve
greater expense, additional mundane tests, false starts —
and perhaps less reliability in the finished item.

‘The other Spheres sometimes employed in the selection and
application of materials are Entropyand Prime. The formerisuseful
most often in its simplest form, as an adjunct to Matter. Its also


called upon once an assemblage has progressed too far for simple
examination by eye; Entropy can reveal weak pointsand instabili-
ties (and unexpected strengths). When a particular item is to be
reproduced many times, perfectionist Artificermayactually build
a Machina incorporating Matter 1 and Entropy 1 effects — a
"testing frame" that ensures that each copy isbuilt perfectly. Prime
isusedmostly when lazinessornecessitycausesan Artificertoresort
to creative Arts in the course of manufacture. However, Prime 4
effects may be built into subtle but powerful Machinae, especially
fortresses and portable defenses, which become perfectly robust
when activated. Some Platonist Daedaleans also claim to use
Prime toaccess the realm of pure form, providingperfect templates

Cannon and Damage

Daedaleans have access to at least one mundane
tool that does far more damage than any but an arch-
mage could inflict: artillery. If any Sleeper mercenary
can inflict 10 or even 25 health levels with a lump of
brass and some black powder — who needs spells? (A
question that the Order of Reason intends to ask the
whole world.)

Although the Ars Praeclarus may be employed to
improve upon cannons, the engines are ultimately
limited in scope. Use and study of cannons does little to
advance knowledge in general; their sheer violence
makes them useless tools for creating other Works. The
Order of Reason deploys cannon that are better made
and more precise than those of mundane armies, but
Reason's aren't very different in kind. Marked improve-
ment in artillery comes through a long, relatively dull
process of experimentation and gradual enhancement.

That subtle improvement has its own appeal,
though. Daedalean-made artillery rarely does more
than a level or two additional damage over mundane
artillery. However, application of the simplest knowl-
edge of Matter and Entropy means that it is far less
likely for an Artificer gun to misfire or burst (at least
until enemy wizards have their say). Similarly, applica-
tion of Connection Arts (in the form of the most
practical aspect of sacred geometry) makes Daedalean
gunners deadly in their aim (and for that matter,
Craftmason knowledge of building means that they
know exactly where to target attacks on fortresses).
Forces can make a shot smooth and well-timed.

Such artillery improvements are mostly a matter of
roleplayingand Storyteller judgment —refraining from
inflicting the persistent accidents and supply problems
that afflict mortal artillerists, Daedalean cannon usu-
ally count as Unusual Devices (for their perfection),
Extraordinary at most (for small but sensible enhance-
ments, giving a point or two of improvement here or
there). They are rarely Machinae.

for their Work — but thats a controversial technique, subject to
many accusations of pride and vanity.

Manufacture

With designs complete and materials gathered, creation
can begin. This is often a lengthy process that has at least the
appearance of ritual. Fixed and scrupulous formulae usually
ensure that acraftsman performs task exactly the same way on
each occasion; ritual maintains a sense of pride and mystery
about important works.

The time taken for manufacture depends very much on the
thing being made, of course, and is left to the Storyteller' judg-
ment Blacksmiths make or repairscoresofhorseshoesandcan turn
cout arrowheads in even greater quantity — but a suit of plate mail
requires days of work, careful fitting and the specialized knowledge
ofamasterarmorerrather than acommonsmith, Some projects —
especially exotic ones—are joint efforts, requiring more than one
Craft; a Daedalean war-balloon, for example, involves seam-
stresses, al
before its guns are mounted.

chemists, wood-workers and fine metalwork — even

(Works of Art, incidentally, can involve anything
froma few days —fora clever portrait sketch — to years, as
with Leonardo's great unfinished equestrian sculpture.)

In game terms, routine work such as day-to-day smithying
does not require die rolls (except perhaps once per game week for
color, with a borch implying some small accident; multiple suc
cesses indicate a profitable week). Interesting work carries the
implied risk of failure. Tests usually involve rolling Dexterity +
Craftfor relatively mundane pieces, Intelligence + Craft for more
cerebral efforts, Perception + Artist for Works of Art, and Intell
gence + Alchemy for the brewing of exotic potions.

Creating Machinae usually requiresone month perdotin the
Background rating of the intended product, with good or poor
designs, materials and secondary talents raising or lowering that
number (but hardly ever to less than three-quarters of the base)
Double that time or more for Great Machinae. Creation time may

berequired toestablish a consistent, continuous laboratory process
with some relatively well-known alchemical formulations, such as
Abundanti's Oil. The stuff may then flow out at the rate of, say, a
barrel a week given a supply of the right ingredients. (Fortunately,
Storytellers have many ways to control characters who acquire a
productive lab; equipment can break, rivals can be jealous and
laboratories can always burn.)

Atthe end of the creation period, roll the maker's Arete vs
difficulty 4 + the completed Machina's Background rating. Three
successes are required (more for Great Machinae). So long as the
rollisnotbotched, repeated rolls can bemade weekly until enough
successes are accumulated. ("It is nearly done, my lord, but the
clockwork requires alittle more tensioning...) A botch wrecks
the work, often dramatically,

Building a Machina is usually treated as a vain work, but
without witnesses; the Scourge notices the hubris of Daedalus. Be
sure to call fora Fortune Die in the final Arete roll; Scourge effects


INSTRUCTION
THE FIFTH
THE CRAFT SUPREME

at thispoint can be interesting. They should not, forthe mest part, (WY
wreck the Machina (unless the Arete roll botches), but they may
twist it, giving it all manner of unforeseen quirks. Unreliability,
excessive noise in use, curious mystickal Resonances... Boonsare
justas possible as flaws, too. A Machina might well emerge slightly
better than expected. Clever engineers try to lea from lucky. [
accidents. A few succeed. {

Special Cases
Automata, Machine
Intelligence and

rtificer devices — even Machinae — are
essentially simple tools; extensions of the §
wielder'sarm and intellect. They may per-
mit the application of greatforc:
ways, they may behave in pe
unpredictable fashions, but they do not
make their own conscious decisions, de-

spite what some brethren think

This makes Devices rather different to, say, the fetishes

wielded by many a shaman, which are empowered by the

spirits they contain. Life for Artificers is usually simpler and

sometimes more frustrating as a consequence. Tools do

what they are built for and asked to do, not necessarily what
is wanted. Even the most advanced vain automaton that 4
seems to mimic life in every respect with its clockwork or
pneumatic mechanisms is bound by the determinate nature
of its construction. The creation follows a limited set of
commands, not because it is subject to a Geas (like some
bound spirits), but because that is all it is ever capable of

One may deduce correctly from this that few if any
Attificers have advanced to the limits of the Mind Sphere
(Mind 5). Even those who have probably seem limited
compared to the more supernaturally inclined masters of
the Sphere. Explaining the existence of Mind in terms
acceptable to the Ars Praeclarus tends to lead to a dualistic
philosophy, placing the higher functions of Mind forever in
the realm of mysteries.

(In truth, a few wild automaton builders wonder if ma-
chines can be made complex enough to defy prediction. Tales
of Roger Bacon's "Brazen Head" seem tosuggest that machines
may acquire ideas other than those given them by their makers.
But this is arrant nonsense to materialists and horrendous
blasphemy to theologians.)

The question of how automata "sense" the world around
them is one that many folk forget to ask — perhaps fortunately,
as any 20th-century researcher of computer senses can attest


Players brought up on comic booksand bad television may
argue that their charactersshould be able to modify machines in
the midst of action, pethaps radically revising their functions.
"Afterall, we unconsciously control reality, right? And ifthere's
one bit of reality we know about, it's these gadgets! So— I'm
turning my flame-thrower into a jet pack..."

Well, maybe.

Once ina while "gadgeteering" along these lines makes
for an entertaining story or resolves a problem that would
otherwise stymie the characters. However, any Daedalean
device worthy ofthe name teeters on the brink of plausibility
to begin with; revising its function is playing with fire,
literally. The results are almost invariably vain and the
Scourgeis likely tocome down with interestingeffect, punish-
ing the error of pride as well thesinof over-hasty engineering.
And remember: The power of the Ars Praeclarus comes from
recognizing, defining and working within the rules that
govern the universe. Warping such rules is a denial of the
whole point of an Attificer's existence.

But it's going to happen anyway, so let's talk systems.

A character whocomesup with such an idea musthave
several dots in Crafts or Sciences appropriate to the pro-
posed trick, else any ideas are vague. Take a turn or two to
assess the possibility, then roll Wits + theworstof Invention

a
a

—S—

The answer is usually that automata use (rather mystickal)
principles of correspondences. The typical High Artisan-de-
signed automaton's "eye" consists of a set of tiny material
S samples," tempered and attuned so that they respond tosimilar
or "opposed" materials nearby with slight but definite physical
actions. (A magnet's response to iron is the first and simplest
such reaction that Artificers study.) Complex mechanisms
detect and respond to this reaction. Thus, an automaton is
unlikely to be, say, dazzled by bright light (although anything is
possible), but an alchemist with detailed knowledge of an
automaton' design might come up with all manner of innocu-
ous-seeming compounds that could blind or "befuddle" it.

In system terms, building an automaton capable of even
the most limited actions requires that it be granted a number
of distinct effects. A Matter I working isneeded to grantit the
ability to respond to its surroundings. Forces | is needed if itis
to "hear." A Mind 3/Prime 2 effect isneeded for even the basic
semblance ofreactive thought, shaping the automaton's brain"
tofollowsubtle patterns modeled on thought, and then setting
a flow of Quintessence to render the shadows of intellect
permanent. A few automatons may have personalities ofasort,
granted through true Mind 5 workings, but these shouldalways
be wonders and mysteries.

(Some Attificers with aspecial interest in Mind claim that
it would be possible to build an automaton whose mechanism
Resonated with the intellect of aspecific individual. This would

Artificer Improvisation

orthe relevant Craftor Science, difficulty 7. Foursuccesses
are probably about enough to come up with a way to
accomplish most bright ideas. (No extended rolls or re-
peated attempts are permitted!) The character also needs
tools appropriate to the task; the Storyteller can decide
about that. The effort takes a number of turns equal to at
least three times the modified Machina's Background
rating. (A flat three tums is the minimum if it's a simple
device — but then, it's unlikely to have the power to be
worth modifying.) The Storyteller secretly rolls Dexterity
+ the most appropriate available Craft, difficulty 8.
successes usually means a completely successful modifica-
tion, three or four means something that sort of works, and
abotch..... Well, use yourimagination. TheStorytelleralso
rolls Perception + the most appropriate available Science,
difficulty 6, and decides from that what to tell the player
about the relative success of the attempt.

Then the fun begins. Scourge effects resulting from
jury-rigged equipment are especially colorful.

(Ofcourse, one can simply use a Machina in inap-
propriate ways as the relevant tool for a vain working.
That's probably slightly safer than modifying, but Sto-
rytellers are always entitled to pile on extra difficulty or
Scourge effects if ideas get too silly.)

e

Semen i
wy

BRAN
imply a Mind 4 effect whereby the "operator" leaves her inert |
body to use the automaton's powers instead. An interesting S¢gee
concept...) A
Spivits

One way to produce a "Magickal Treasure" with its
‘own intellect (the classic shamanic approach) is to awaken
orimplantaspirit within it. Alchough Daedalean Artificers
do not deny the existence of spirits — a few hold that such
entities have a special relationship with Devices, from
inspirational muses and angels to beings called into exist-

ence by the power of invention — they are not much given
to working with them. Yet every rule has exceptions.

There are a few dark tales of renegades offering immaterial
demons or Umbrood use of automatons as material bodies,
granting them power in the real world. There are clearly
magicks that would permit this, in obscene defiance of the high
ethic of the Ars Praeclarus, More tolerable theories hold that
spirits might be "awoken" from potentiality by an Artificer of
sufficient wisdom. This notion is sometimes put forward as an
explanation of Roger Bacon's legendary Brazen Head. (The
swift self-destruction of that device may show how vain such
ideas are.) Some academic High Artisans further say that
Hebrew lore concerning the creation and animation of golems
may not be incompatible with the Ars Praeclarus, and might
even provide a bridge between that and the powers of Spirit.


APPENDICES

Appendix]:
Exemplars

here may be made instruments of navigation
twithout men to row in them, as huge ships to
brook the sea only with one man to steer
them, which shall sail far more swiftly chan if
they were full of men. And chariots that shall
move with an unspeakable force
without any living creatures to stir them.
yea instruments by which to fly

— Roger Bacon

ficers can be divided

The creations of Daedalean Ar
into a number of categories. Those presented here would be
disputed bitterly by Artificers of different culturesand schools
of thought, but they serve. Obviously, the instances given for
each are merely examples; the burning creativity of High
~/ Artisans ensures that the full list grows every day.

Alchemical Formulae

Although many Artificers prefer solid metal and physi-
cal force to the subtleties of the alchemical arts (which retain
the disquieting tang of mysticism imparted by the Solificati),
most pride themselves on their pragmatic adaptability. Some
innovators even make detailed study of such topics. Pure

metals of perfect strength or fuels that bum almost without
being consumed are too useful to spurn. Abundanti's Oil (see
Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade, page 287) is the most wide-
spread Daedalean alchemical formulation, butthereare others.

(In fact, the incendiaries detailed in Crusade Lore
probably constitute the greatest practical advantage granted 4
the Order of Reason by its alchemists — but they represent
the alchemical equivalent of Unusual o1
vices at most.)

* The Bond of Ibn Daud

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Cost 4

With some of their more experimental Devices involy-
ing truly bizarre combinations of delicate materials, High
Artisans must sometimes use fastenings more refined than
nails or chains. Glues made of boiled-down bones are good
enough for mundane purposes, but when the joint must be
truly perfect, an alchemical formulation that actually trans- /f
forms and interlinks the material structure of the two parts
seemsappropriate. Finding other more whimsical uses for this
bond is left to individual Daedaleans.

[This is basically a Matter 2 effect; an additional Life 2
component enables it to work on living materials. Each point
of Quintessence rendered to this "essence of adhesion" pro-
duces a drop of liquid that instantly joins up toa square foot of
any two solid surfaces, creating a bond a
of the two materials. The bond can be released only by various
moderately tricky Matter 2 effects (or by crude cutting). Glues

strong as the weaker


are a casual enough idea — this one merely seems very good.
Any occasional Scourge effects associated with this substance
strike the character who applies it and may take the form of
accidents or odd side effects with the chemical itself]

The substance is carried in crystal flasks. It dries out
slowly ifspread thin, taking aboutan hour to lose its effective-
ness, However, it takes effect immediately if a second solid
surface comes into contact in this time. This drying time
permits the substance to be used for tricks and traps, but it is
an odd dark green color and has a slight but strange odor, so
victims usually have to be tricked rather cleverly.

*© Vap'rous Candles of Lethe

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Cost 4

Craftmasons are not as crass and blundering a crew as
some would claim; subterfuge has its place in their schemes,
Finding thatcertain sleep-inducing formulations release their
virtue when burned or heated, Masons swiftly conceived ause
for the effect. About a minute after being lit, these candles
release an invisible vapor with a very slight spicy scent. The
effect induces deep but natural sleep.

"Sleep-inducing vapors" are recognized widely enough
that these candles are generally treated as casual; Scourge
effects are almost unknown, save in the slightly tricky manu
facturing process.

[The candle works only in enclosed spaces no larger than
a good-sized private room. Multiple candles can flood a hall
with vapors, buta well-ventilated area prevents anything more
than partial effects, if that. Victims havea chance to notice the
scent —roll two successes with Perception, difficulty 8— but
may or may not realize what effect ithas on them (Storyteller's
option). That effect is a simple combination of Mind 2 and
* Entropy 2, causinga victim's thoughts to decay towarda simple
desire and inclination for sleep, usually succumbing Stamina +
1 tums after egposure to the vapors. Characters within two
turns of dozing off are too sleepy to respond to the fact that
others have already done so. This sleep is perfectly natural-
seeming, and victims can be woken in conventional ways, such
as bya little shaking. Those not otherwise in need of a regular
night's sleep doze for about 6 - Stamina hours]

*e Lethe's Spheres

Arete 3, Quintessence 10, Cost 4
\\, It didn't take long for someone to point out that the

)\ Vap'rous Candles of Lethe were al very well, but only when the

J})) userknewwhere people were going to be. What aboutsomething
Y} <ivilar, but that could be thrown much like Greek Fire? An
ingenious alchemist and glassblower from India had the perfect
answer: orange-sized glass spheres filled with the same sort of
vaporous concoction. These are considerably more obtrusive
than candles, as the glass must be shattered to release the vapors,
but a cunning character can likely manage to use them quietly.

[The vapors work exactly like Vap'rous Candles; the
difference is the vector for the fumes. Each sphere holds
about as much asa candle would give off. Ifa character wants

to immobilize an entire hall, she must find a way to open
multiple spheres.]

Weapons of War

The obvious way to use the Ars Praeclarusin the creation
of weapons and armor is in Forces effects, with Prime added
as necessary. However, there are many other options and the
needs of the combatant guilds (and of many folk in other
Conventions) ensure that Enlightened armorers remain busy
Matter workings are often involved in crafting, if not in a
finished item's overt powers; military gear is best made strong.

The two instances of weapon-Machinae in Mage: The
Sorcerers Crusade (page 287) both need some comment:

First, the costand creation of Titan's Armorisan example
of some interest. The strength of refined "dragon's ege" comes
from a Matter 2 effect, refining what are by some standards
"natural" metals to the limits of their potential strength and
usefulness. Thisis generally a passive effect, but the secondary
awe-inspiring effect of the fine and impressive suit sometimes
requires testing in system terms (yet the metal's strength may
be assailed by other magicks). The Arete of this two-dot
Magickal Treasure is therefore raised to 4, for a total cost of
6. Many other defensive creations may be built along similar
lines, Scourge effects tend to be limited to the manufacturing
processes and to Pride or Vanity Scourgings associated with,
the intimidating look of the suit.

Second, Horatius' Thunder has an incorrectly calculated
cost. Its enhanced Quintessence brings its actual cost up to 8

+ Serpent Blade

Arete 2, Quintessence N/A, Cost 4

Named because it strikes swiftly, quietly and lethally, this
weapon might seem mundane at first (its use should be consid-
ered casual unless witnesses are expert smiths or weapons
masters). The Serpent Blade is in fact merely a nigh-perfect
sword for use with the still-obscure art of fencing, forged from
some of the finest steel known to Artisans, There is a little
dragon'seggore in thealloyandalsoa touch of "perfected lead,"
making the blade dark and less prone to ringing. Apart from
being virtually unbreakable, the Serpent Blade can actually cut
through hostile Matter or Forces magicks. [Roll Dexterity +
Fencing, difficulty 7, to intercept such assaults. On any suc-
cesses, the user gains use of Countermagick based on the blade's
Arete or can add a die to her own Countermagick.] A Forces 2
effect prevents the blade from glinting when it catches the light
or making overmuch sound when drawn or used, if the wielder
prefers to remain unobserved.

#¢* The Purifier's Needles

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 6

Named with a certain amount of irony, these slender
metal darts are the creation of a rising young High Artisan
with an interest in the fine qualities of metal. Unfortunately,
the alloy of which they are made is mostly silver, which makes
them expensive — but they are considered invaluable.


Each hasaneedle-sharp point and is finely balanced, but
that is not their primary value. Silver is famously sovereign
against all manner of spirits and bogeys and the "needles"
exploit of this weakness. The points are also prepared and
ofsacred geometry. They can
cut through all manner of magickal defenses as a result

actually faceted using subtletie:

These darts may be recovered after use and eventually

reused, However, if they strike metal or stone ot fail to
penetrate some powerful magick, they have to be re-forged.
[A needle can be hand-hurled much like a spear, but for
only Strength +1 damage and with +1 difficulty. They may
also be fired from a he

¥y crossbow, pot-de-fer, small cannon
orbolt-throwingballista. In each case they donormal damage
for the weapon, with a maximum of 8. (When fired from
larger weapons, needles must be wrapped in wadding ot
mounted on a wooden carrier.) They are made to penetrate
the subtle defenses often thrown up by users of Forces or Spirit
magick. The damage they do is augmented by an Entropy
effect. Roll their Arete as Countermagick versus any Spirit or
Forces spell intended to deflect them from their flight, and
reduce the protection or armor

alue of any stone, metal or

magickally enhanced material by two. Needles do not elimi-
nate the spells they overcome — merely punch straight
through them. The weapons are generally casual in use
because they simply appear to be fine-quality missiles.

#¢* Hail of Division

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 6

This five-barreled firearm resembles a smaller, lighter
copy of Horatius' Thunder, which is not entirely misleading
Being made light enough to use one-handed at a pinch, its 4
simple lead bullets are rather small
single-shot firearm usually does more damage than this
weapon's Forces 3/ Prime 2 attack. However, the firearm is
less expensive than Horatius' Thunder and its superior range
and multiple shots still make many Daedaleans prefer it to
conventional firearms. As with Horatius' Thunder, this
weapon's Quintessence actually represents a batch of ammu-
nition. Its unlikely rapidity of fire makes it vain

Indeed, an ordinary

With a further enhancement, the weapon can have a
basic Truth-Seeing Stone (see below), attuned to the Sphere of
Entropy, affixed to its upper section by way ofan aiming sight
If the wielder takes a turn to aim and the target has a
significant weakness (determined by the Storyteller), the
next shot may be able to exploit that failing.

*¢* Helm of Heimdal

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 6

Named aftera Norse god by adisrespectful High Artisan,
this helmet appears to the most casual glance as a typical, if
ridiculously ornate, component for a suit of overpriced tour-


nament armor. Indeed, it serves well enough as protection,
although heavy blows may knock some of the internal mecha-
nisms out of alignment. In truth, it was designed as a useful
tool for an Enlightened artillery captain.

Within the visor is an array of lenses and gems, some of
them extraordinary crystals from mysterious and remote
sources, cut and polished to refract not only light but all
manner of subtle Resonances, Many of the features that
appear to be florid decorations on the helm are not; they are
switches and levers that allow a practiced wearer to move the
lensesintoan uncountable range of positions. Below the visor
slit, but still in the wearer's line of sight, is a miniature
mechanism that acts as a sort of mechanical calculator, also
controlled by external levers.

Alll of these features would give an un-Enlightened
wearer nothing buta skull-splitting headache, but those who
are intended to use this device soon grasp its significance. By
transforming Resonances and subtle influences into "sen-
sible" form, the helmet grants the Connection-based ability
to perceive any object, however remote, in every aspect as if
from every angle at once, within and without. A linked Mind
effect enables the wearer to comprehend what is seen, despite
itsinfinite subtlety, and tocalculate its weaknesses and strengths
(using Entropy effects).

Thus, the wearer may assess a fortress and make a rough
count of its garrison almost at a glance. Slightly more pro:
cally, the helm-wearer can examine a cannon for weak points
and warn if itis about to explode. Other applications, such as
looking along a planned line of march for ambushes, may be
improvised as one goes along. Note that these effectsare vain.
Swift, private uses may pass as "unobserved," but detailed
© examination of that which one cannot actually see — and
then described to others — is rather ostentatious.

Unfortunately, the helm's delicate mechanism is prone to
slip outofalignmentand the gems and lenses mustbe polished,
treated alchemically or replaced periodically. Any use there-
fore costs a point of Quintessence (in the form of delicate
attunement rather than gross fuel), which can be replaced by
only days of work in the shop of a highly skilled Artificer.

*¢* Armor of Achilles

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 6

This Machina resemblesa rather archaicand much over-
decorated suit of lightweight plate, with "Classical" styling
and many brass components. However, even a casual ob-
server notes the spindly wheels attached to the feet. A closer
look reveals that most of the joints incorporate intricate
springs and levers.

In fact, this isa diligent if oddly lireral-minded application
of the Ars Pracclarus and sacred geometry to the Sphere of
Time. In order to accomplish the well-known Time effect of
speeding up its wearer, mechanisms respond to the slightest
movernent —seemingly little more than the decision toact —
by accelerating and amplifying the motion. Obviously, this

makesit difficulty for the wearer to accomplish many mundane
tasks, so the armor can be deactivated — but it still makes
climbing, jumping and much social interaction rather hard.

Although it is light and cumbersome, the suit is built
usinga true High Artisan grasp of the Sphere of Matter; treat
it as the equal of mundane Mail armor for protection and
encumbrance.

[Activating the armor takes one tum and a point of
Quintessence; roll its Arete for the usual Time 3 effect, includ-
ing duration. If the armor is switched off at any point or the
wearer is rendered unconscious, it must be reactivated for
further use. "Quintessence" represents tension in a small,
incredibly powerful spring. Restoring the armor's charge re-
quires that it be dismantled by an expert Artificer who knows
the design, and the spring must be rewound using complicated
devices built to exploit the Spheres of Forces and Matter.)

oe Jage'd Blade of Rending

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Cost 8

In the hands of a Sleeper, this seemingly overcompli-
cated polearm functions as a halberd, with +1 difficulty due
to poor balance. An Awakened or other supernaturally aware
wielder can use it in the same way, but without the difficulty
penalty (being able to recognize the weapon's subtle el-
egance). However, the wielder may press secret catch inany
combat turn to activate one of the spring-powered mecha-
nisms hidden within the head and shaft.

The Jage'd Blade was in fact created by a warrior High
Artisan of rather dark humors. Many of his own Convention
consider it an unduly vicious weapon, which in A.D. 1450 isan
opinion that takes a little provoking. It uses a number of
interacting Entropy effects, involving parts of the head that
extend and retract, while weights shift within the shaft so that
the blade weaves through the air, striking with ease, accuracy
and near-total unpredictability. {The attack is resolved nor-
mally, butisdifficulty5.and does Strength +7 damage.| Thereal
terror of the blade is that it rips targets to shreds; inanimate
objects are rendered beyond repair, while living victims are
wounded horribly, bleeding froma half-dozen gashesand often
ctippled for life despite their best armor or parrying skills.

(The blade's destructive power is an Entropy 4 effect.
The damage is therefore Aggravated and may demand swift
medical treatment. The weapon can also leave scars. Each
such employment uses a point of Quintessence, representing
a spring much like those in the Armor of Achilles above, and
is recharged by similar means.]

Vehicles

The idea thata machine should be vastly useful toa traveler
is strange to many folk of this era. Carts and chariots are ancient
enough, but they are simple things that serve tomerely direct the
energies of hamessed beasts. It is muscle and live sinew that does
the work. Daedalean Antificers have their own ideas.


Machinae built as vehicles often demand the expenditure
of extra Background points for increased size, as described in
Chapter 5. They need not incorporate especially powerful use of
any Spheres — motion is simply motion — but they tend to be
financially expensive, rather vain and sometimes invaluable.

Expeditions into the starry void require Spirit 5 effects —
theregion beyond the cloudsisperceivedasthedomain ofspirits,
Venturing there in one's own body requires mighty workings.
‘Skeyrigger vessels are five-dot Machinae that also embody effects
from the Spheres of Connection (which can transcend the
terrifying expanses of the Void), Forces (enabling controlled
flight in atmosphere), Matter (so thathullshold together in such
exotic realms) and Prime (to empower the rest).

Crusade Lore offers brief details on a number of vehicles
with a military purpose. Of these, the Armored Chariot is
considered an Unusual Device, (attaching armor, guns and
blades to a chariot is easy enough, if eccentric), while War
Balloons are rated as Extraordinary Devices (although mount-
ing useful cannon, let alone building multi-decked fighting
craft, is far more than any Sleeper knows for centuries).

Clockwork tanks are true Machinae. They use Matter 2
effects to render their propulsive systems reliable, and have
two levels of increased size. Thus, they can be considered two-
dot Magickal Treasures with Arete 2 and Cost 6. (They have
no need for Quintessence, being clockwork-powered.) How-
ever, these vehicles are cumbersome and expensive and need
large crews. They are not really appropriate for players'
characters to own and should require a high Resources Back-
ground to crew and run

Many Machinae-vehicles require their own special Skill
to use, although some are built to be handled with common-
place Crafts such as Coachman, Boatman or Sailor.

#* Jonah's Chariot

Arete 2, Quintessence N/A, Cost 6

Named with somewhat blasphemous wit, this vessel is
actually simple shallow-divingsubmarine witha crew of l0—
eight of whom are required to man the retractable oars that
usually serve to propel it (at about eight yards per turn). The
craft uses Matter 2 effects to maintain hull integrity and the
clockwork engine that can be used to propel it (through a
screw-propeller) at up to 15 yards per turn for up tosix tums. A
simple periscope and snorkel are fitted for obvious purposes.

The chariot has a small but adequate ramming-spike on
the prow, so the vessel has some value in battle, The hull has
an Armor rating of 8 (see Crusade Lore), but a mere couple of
damage levelsare enough to cause a significant leak. A normal
tactic is to approach enemy shipping slowly under oars, then
pause for a few minutes while the oarsmen wind up the
clockwork. A swift sprint hopefully sees an enemy holed, with
enough spring power left for the chariot to make its escape.

Most crews prefer reconnaissance missions, dropping off spies
in hostile lands, and quests for sunken secrets. Void Seekers have
copied this design of Machina and proclaim themselves very
pleased with it for purposes of peaceful exploration.

LES
CEZAR COTZ OM xs APPENDICES
LA SEARO LTS |

** Clockwork Sycamore

Arete 2, Quintessence N/A, Cost 4

Said to have been inspired by the seed after which it is
named — or more likely by the screw-propulsion used insome
Daedalean submarines — this spring-powered helicopter
takes half an hour fora half-dozen burly fellows to wind up. It
then flies fora bare half-dozen turns [but at 35 yards per turn,
swift as a galloping horse. Its uses are limited, though there
are some.

°° Bird of Reason

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Cost 5

A simple steam-powered ornithopter with the ability to
carry a pilot and one heavy passenger or two slender allies in
apinch, the Bird of Reason is most often used for messenger
duties and reconnaissance. Some large Explorator ships carry
one of these Machinae in their holds, for use in spying out
land or sea ahead. Otherwise, the device's hunger for
alchemically refined coal as fuel, its unpredictable vulnerabil-
ity to the Scourge and its general limitations restrict the
vehicle's usefulness — but do not negate it.

[The vehicle burns one Quintessence point of fuel every
three minutes and has a movement speed of nine yards per
turn. Passengers may carry missile weapons or bows if battle
is imminent and they are bold. The bird's structure is rather
flimsy, with an Armor rating of 3.]

eee Tron Kraken

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 8

IfJonah's Chariot grants the Order of Reason the ability
to seek power beneath the waves, this evolution of the idea
enables them to make war in the realm of Poseidon. The Iron.

Kraken isa submarine craft in the form of great metal squid; 4

its power comes from an engine that burns about one Quin-
tessence point's worth of fuel (Abundanti's Oil) per hour, to
either move the craft with a pair of screw-propellers at up to
10 yards per turn, or at up to 15 yards if the crew is prepared
to burn through a point of fuel within a minute or so. The
engine can alternatively be used to wind a large clockwork
mechanism that enables the craft to move at eight yards per
turn; an hour's winding sees the spring fully tensioned, which
is good for half an hour's useful operation. The clockwork
engine is sometimes necessary because the oil engine swiftly
renders air foul and unbreathable, and the craft often has to
dive deeper than its snorkel can extend

(Some Iron Krakens also carry sails to increase their
range. Theyare slow, wallowing things when they setsail, not
managing more than four or five yards per turn, but at least
doing so costs no oil.)

The Iron Kraken can carry a score of men with full arms
and equipment, and has space for a trio of light cannon that
can be deployed swiftly through sealable portals in the hull for
surface battles. However, the ship's most startling weapons
are its 10 fully effective tentacles, which draw power from the
engine or clockwork through intricate mechanical linkages


required for combat purposes). Each crewman can work one
tentacle. The ability to grasp crew off enemy vessels' decks
and to drag entire boats down strikes fear into even those who
recognize the Kraken for a device and not a monster.

The Iron Kraken uses a combination of Forces, Matter
and Prime effects. Its hull has an Armor rating of 9.

eee Artificer's Badger

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 6

The eccentric Enlightened scholar Florian of Arles is
convinced that lost races of beings guard ancient secrets
beneath the earth. (He claims that ancient treasures occasion-
ally found in the ground are proof of this. "Afterall, ifthey were
dropped and sank into the soil by their old owners, why would
they suddenly rise up again?No, they must be somehow drawn
to the light from subterranean hoards, whither they were taken
deliberately!") Florian was drawn into the Celestial Masters by
fellow scholars and there joined the House of Daedalus. Work-
Ning in alliance with various High Artisans, he has created a
Fr, Machina to prove his theories (and to prove that exploring
AF beneath the world is as important as exploring above the sky).

I The Artificer's Badger is an experimental self-powered
tunneling machine that uses a steam engine for power.
Florian points out that on long expeditions he can plan to
seek out coal for fuel — but the machine's current range of a
few miles prevents him from accomplishing much as yet. (He
may be eccentric, but he is not suicidal; he always turns back
witha margin of fuel in hand.) Florian currently argues rather
fruitlessly with numerous Daedalean groups for aid and re-
in building a bigger machine. So far no
warrior-Daedaleans have chosen to explore this idea's rather
obvious potential as a siege-craft. They probably consider it
too cumbersome and vain.

[The current Badger has two-person cabin, lit bya lamp
with a small supply of Abundanti's Oil. Alchemical prepara-
tions keep the air fairly fresh through Matter 2 effects, which
are not part of the vehicle design as such, but which are
produced by an Enlightened occupant with the correct capa-
bilities. The tunneling itself is a Forces 3, Matter 2, Prime 2
effect; great steam-powered claws ram earth aside and com-
press it or force it behind the vehicle. Each point of
Quintessence represents high-grade coal that keeps the
Machina running for aboutan hour. The Badger also requires
days of maintenance after every use. It can move at up to 10
yards per turn through the softest earth, butdenser conditions
slow it considerably. Only solid granite actually stops it dead.]

6 Rocket Chariot

Arete 3, Quintessence 15, Cost 6

Driven, it is remarked, by Daedaleans who are generally
assumed to be the next thing to Marauds, the Rocket Chariot
has two clear advantages: ridiculously fast movement (includ-

soure

ing the ability to skim over shortstretches of swamps and open Py
water) and to leap chasms thanks to its kite-like gliding wings
that maybe unfurled from the sides. Alchemical trickeryallows
the rocket to be slowed or stopped if required. The only actual
use found for this device is military — mostly scouting and
terror-attacks, although scythe blades fitted co the sides can
make a butchery of opponents (if they do not scatter first).

{The Chariot moves at 40 yards per turn on flat ground
and burns a Quintessence point of fuel every tum. Stopping
takes a turn or two. Blades do damage equal to the chariot's
current movement divided by five.]

Tools

Machinae can be means as well as ends. Many are
indeed tools used in Daedalean workshops, of no interest or @
use beyond.

#© Hephaistos' Tables

Arete 2, Quintessence N/A, Cost 4

This set of three three-legged, wheeled tables were built
asademonstration masterpiece bya High Artisan witha taste
for Homeric myth (and little shame about vanity in his
works). The tables incorporate small hidden clockwork mo-
tors, so perfect that they need to be wound only once per hour
or so. The tables can move under their own power bearing
several score pounds on reasonably flat floors. Moreover, they
are attuned through the mysteries of sacred geometry to the
mind of the one who made them, following him around the
room so that his equipment and materials are ever at hand.

¢© The Adze Unparalleled

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Cost 4

Sometimes Daedalean workshops must produce standard
mundane items in large quantities, especially when war threat-
ens. Wise masters anticipate this and produce simple but
nigh-perfect tools thatsave immense amounts of time later. For
example, this carpentry tool almost seems to guide the hands
of a junior but Enlightened craftsman, splitting wood evenly
and neatly every time and never breaking or growing blunt.

[The Entropyand Mattereffectsare self-explanatory. Actu-
ally, che adze uses point of Quintessence with each application
of its power, so it is employed judiciously — but even so, it can
be invaluable. The Quintessence is restored by a Prime 3
procedure using a small forge; there should always be one
Artificer available with the ability to re-energize these tools]

Craftmasons, with their veneration of hard work, are of
two minds about such "lazy" devices. They approve of any
that accomplish goals that could not otherwise be fulfilled.
For example, Craftmasons' mastery of sacred geometry and
building skills allows them to create winches and cranes that
can raise startling weights and to place them with great
accuracy. However, if creation can be accomplished through
sheer handiwork, it should be.


Instruments

Strange as the applications of Artisan philosophy may
be, adeeper strangeness underlies: the idea that the world can
be measured out and divided like so much cloth. Thus, the
most subtle and "passive" of Artificer creations are also the
most extreme. These are the instruments by which they assess
the universe and thus dominate it.

The Scourge strikes through even these Devices, but in
subtle forms. They rarely burst or shatter. Rather, as they
extend the senses of their users, these items twist and invade
those users' minds. Merely because something is observed
does not make it true — and truth itself can be a very
dangerous thing.

* Time-Divider

Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Cost 2

Attificers can transcend the limitations faced by Sleep-
ers when creating accurate portable clocks. Such a fist-sized
mechanism, enclosed within an engraved brass case, is cre-
ated usingsubtle knowledge of materialsand mechanismsand
works better than anything that Sleepers will see for centu-
ries. (In fact, the principles involved are so eccentric and the
workmanship required so exceptional that the design never
becomes known outside the Order of Reason; the chronom-
eters of future centuries are actually far simpler.)

This type of device is often sold to or copied by Void
Seekers (to aid with navigation) and Celestial Masters (to
make their astronomical work more reliable). The external
appearance and the exact information displayed varies sig-
nificantly among individual examples. Few have anything
like the sort of clock-face that a modern observer would
recognize; many show the positions of the stars or the phases
of the moon, or chime at certain significant moments (on the
hour, say, if the maker is unimaginative). Although an un-
Awakened user may be able to employ such a device, one

of knowledge to understand the piece.

* Truth-Seeing Stones

Arete 1, Quintessence 5, Cost 2

Many Artisanshave difficulty with such "mystickal" spheres
as Prime or (especially) Spirit. To aid them, their less limited
colleagues provide these gem-stones. Each is prepared using
gem-cutting techniques (considered new and experimental in
the mundane world) in combination with the laws of sacred
geometry, and mounted insilver wands engraved with complex
symbols (which are actually shorthand notes on the correct use
of the items and the interpretation of what is seen).

The user gains the benefit of a single specific Level 1
sensory effect simply by squinting through the facets of the
gem. Many different types of gem exist; common versions of
this type of instrument grant the ability to perceive ghosts,
Crays or weak points in physical structures. This is generally
casual magick — anyone can see for themselves that gem-

| APPENDICES |

stones show the world in interesting »
slightly stressful for the stone and the user, as reflected in a
Quintessence cost. When its Quintessence reserve is used up,
a stone becomes cloudy and opaque until recharged.

* Spy-Glass

Arete N/A, Quintessence N/A, Cost 2

Lenses have been in use for years (eye-glasses are known,
albeit rare and expensive), but the telescope is not given to
Sleepers till the beginning of the 17th century. The Celestial
Masters are not prepared to wait, and other Daedaleans can
find uses for such devices. Design involves Connection.
Manufacture requires some aptitude with Matter. The result
is a delicate instrument of unknowable value.

(The mundane reasons why Sleepers do not create such
instruments are various and weighty. They include the poor
quality ofavailable lens-glass, the technical problem of grind-
ing lenses accurately and a lack of understanding of
mathematical optics. Of course, none of these obstacles are
insuperable to the masters of sacred geometry. However, the
instruments they create are the products of personal inspira-
tion, magickal thought and arcane theory; they are intricate,
delicate, powerful and varied.)

The power of a Daedalean Spy-Glass is proportional to
itssize and portability. A pocket-tool barely manages 10 times
magnification. The long, heavy brass instrument used by a
captain on the deck of an Explorator ship might manage
almostahundred times. A huge astronomical glass, employed
in a Celestial Master's observatory and not designed to be
removed, might magnify the heavens a thousand times (to
frightening effect)

Prostheses

The idea of incorporating mechanical constructs into
the human body is considered exotic, even among High
Artisans. However, accidents do happen, so there has always
been a place for the well-made prosthetic — and Artificers
make them very well indeed.

* © Body-Forger's Arm

Arete 2, Quintessence 10, Cost 4

This simple replacement forearm is a basic but useful
example, Careful mechanical attachments to the wearer's
upper arm and body, and judicious use of advanced knowl- /
edge permit the limb to respond almostas well asa natural arm
[a specific Mind 2 effect]. It cannot be used for delicate
purposes, but it can grip and punch. It can also transmit
muscular effort from the upper arm. Hidden clockworks
within may even allow the strength of some actions to be
amplified slightly faccomplished with Forces 2]. A prosthetic
arm's lack of sensitivity (except for the slight sensations that
do cross back through the Mind link) can even be an advan-
tage; the hand feels no pain. Lastly, as a mundane but useful
touch, the arm has a keen-edged, needle-tipped blade folded


away within, ready to be unfolded in a moment — a useful
hold-out in some emergencies [treated asa dagger in combat]

Automata

The creation of machines that look and walk like men is

one of the recurrent myths and dreams of every culture that
has developed any sort of mechanical contraptions. In prac-

tice, the trick alwa infully hard and continues to

s prove
to come — there are a thousand separate

do so for centuri
problems to resolve along the way. However, those who are
Awakened to the mysteries of sacred geometry can work with
lawsand powers that resolve any problem. Artisanshave built
a number of automata,

devices are generally terribly vain; they
) ff} represent adirect challenge to God, for creation in the image
[4) of man isamockery of His creation. There are many Artisans
who dislike such works, let alone more out folk such as
and the Scourge displays its own opinion of the
idea. On the other hand, to command a servant of reliable
metal is a very appealing idea to many Artisans.

The two battle-automata detailed in Crusade Lore are
relatively simple examples. With Mind 3/ Prime 2 to give them
any kind ofsemblance of thought, Matter | for basic senses and
Matter? for their clockwork mechanisms, these devices rate as

Of course, thes

Gabrielites—

four-dot Magickal Treasures and cost eight Background points
to any character who wants something of such limited us

ness. Remember, these two ck
battle and their clockwork runs down after a few turns. Using
steam power rather than clockwork and perhaps replacing

icesare functionally mindlessin

controlling mechanisms with a human operator (thus turning

automata into vehicles) might improve these Machinaea little
but at what cost in convenience?

Artisanship does have its lighter side: Some autor
built not for war but for pleasure. Th
theclockworkmachinesas theyare the very
steadiesthand and the most ingenious mind can create

mata are

are the most exactingof

lest —only the
ich tiny

springs and gears. When the basic machinery is finished, the
mostrefined eye and practiced hammerare required to create the

outer body. Most are made of delicately worked gold and set with
jewels. Though these items do not do anything in particular of
use, there is no doubt that these Machinae are priceless in both
a mundane and an Artistic sense.

One other factor limits automataavailability: the:

urge.

This fine technology is
Awakened ability; Sleepe
delicacy. Building an

ll on the very outer reaches of even
are stunned into disbelief by its
r-perfect replica of a living thing

treads too close to the domain of the Divine Creator. The


Sp
re
we, | APPENDICES |: NONONG {

sheer hubris of the act is enough to send any but the most
} resilient of Artificers reeling.

Treat these precious items as five-dot Unique Magickal
Treasures, costing 10 Background points. Creation of what
mounts to a wind-up toy is highly individual; Storytellers
and players should generate their own ideas and work the
actual building of an item into a story.

¢ e006 The Emperor's Songbird

Arete 5, Quintessence 20, Cost 10

An emperor in a faraway land loved birds dearly. He had
rooms full of caged songbirds, a mew full of the fiercest
hunting hawks and an orchard full of wild sparrows. But the
emperor was not satisfied with the creat ad. All were
too brown, too dull, too big, too small, too ugly — always
So the emperor
called his finest advisors and craftsmen together and offered
a thousand gems and a thousand gold pieces to the man who
could bring him a perfect songbird. Each advisor returned
with some exotic species of bird caught in a bamboo cage, and

she

there was something amiss with his birds.

each advisor was turned away

The last craftsman came forward with a small box.
Stooped and crabbed with age, the doddering inventor slowly
lifted the lid to expose the most beautiful golden bird the
emperor could have dreamed. Hands steady despite his
the man pressed a tiny ruby set in its head, and the bird began
tosing. The emperor snatched up the box and ordered a gilded
cage built and all the other birds released —he had his perfect
songbird, a bird that would never fly away, never refuse to
any but its one little song.

years,

sing, never sin;

[This device requires seven points of Quintessence each
time it is triggered. For such a staggering amount of fuel, this

little bird does nothing at all but warble a sweet, if short,

tune]

> Buildings

A well-constructed building can be a work of Craft —
perhaps the highest of all Works. This value makes the
Craftmasons' few overt strongholds formidably powerful;
every stone embodies the power of sacred geometry in some
way or another

One obvious common feature of such special buildings is
the strength of their walls. Alchemical tricks and old mun-
dane secrets are combined to make stonework and mortar up
to twice as strong as any mundane structure of like dimen-
sions. Other tricks may be more vain, but canstill be justified...

eee Daed:

Arete 4, Quintessence 20, Cost 9

Those who honor Daedalus can hardly fail to pay tribute to
his most famous building-work; those who master sacred geom-
.ctly how to use this inspiration. The inner passages
and corridors of Artificer-built structures often seem to defy
and logic — mostly because they do.

in Passages

etry knowe:

normal ideas of


4

A building constructed with Daedalean Passages actually
permits one who knows the nature and secret logic of the place
to lead small groups through illogical-seeming convolutions,
making it easy to catch or ambush intruders. However, each
such use of the place in defiance of normal geometry is
inherently vain and expends a point of ambient Quintessence
(which can be restored later by certain ancient Craftmason
ceremonies). Defenders prefer to rely ona latent Mind 3 effect
to find their way (which unfortunately also tends to make life
difficult for new apprentices and many brethren). Quite sim-
ply, anyone unaccustomed to the system who ventures through
it tends to become lost and confused — space not actually
warping for them, but persistently seeming to.

Quintessential Ingeniae

Many High Artisansbelieve that the once-much-admired
Master Liarn ©" Thomas has studied the superstitious mysteries
of alchemy too long. Oh, to be sure, his aptitude with the
EE Sphere of Prime has grown impressive, but the idea of building
2 Machinae to weave the "Stuff of the World" directly — that
LY «rely isa denial of the rational basis of the Ars Praeclarus

O'Thomas and his few wild-eyed disciples build strange
Devices that appear half-complete to other Artificers' eyes.
‘These inventions typically incorporate potent Prime effects
to gather and manifest Quintessence (in the form of raw force
"from nowhere") and then channel it into specific effects
based on other Spheres: fire, images, dreams, ice, ghosts. All
Spheres have been created or invoked by these "Quintessen-
tial Ingeniae." Needless to say, the Devices are also immensely
Scourge-ridden.

S
Even the Enlightened tend to mutter away hubris after
S hearing O'Thomas speak, but his results do attract some
interest. His unattended Machinae can produce effects that
are normally considered to require a trained and active mind.
None of the Order has ever proven that the obliging and
courteous ©' Thomas is guilty of violations of their laws, so
some continue to study with him.

vain and

[Quintessential Ingeniae are easy enough to define in
system terms, but should not be accepted or trusted by
most Daedaleans. They should serve as plot devices, not
as personal toys.)

#666 Pluvius' Javelinman

Arete 7, Quintessence 35, Cost 12

(Q) J} A relatively minor Quintessential Ingenia, Pluvius'
CY Javelinman is a hut-sized assemblage of crystal discs, set at all
angles and driving each other by friction. Around and among
these discs is a towering array of copper rods. On one side is a
set of wooden levers and cranks that operate the mechanism.
Once set in motion, the discs spin freely and even accelerate,
drawing energy (Quintessence) from the world around them.

After three turns, the Machina begins hissing and spark-
ing. The very air seems to grow oppressive and ominous. Any
magick worked within 30 yards of the Javelinman is per-

The
rtisans
Handbook

formed at +1 difficulty as the machine twists the very fabric
of the world. But thats not its main purpose. After about five
turns, the weather in the area turns downright stormy as vast |
sparks leap upward from the rods. After 10 turns, lightning
bolts shoot from a doom-laden sky, supposedly on points
selected by the Machina's operator.

This is a Forces 5 effect, with extensive use of Prime to
empower it. Observers tend to find the machine terrifying,
which may or may not be a deliberate Mind effect. Needles to
say, use of the Javelinman is quite phenomenally vain.

Appendix 2:
Mundane
Destruction and

Defense

ut remember, please, the Law by which we liv,
We are not built to comprehend a le,

Ad| We can neither love nor pity nor forgive

If you make a slip in handling us you die!
We are greater than the Peoples or the Kings-

Be humble, as you crawl beneath our rods!—
Our touch can alter all created things,
We are everything on earth—except The Gods!

— Rudyard Kipling, The Secret of the Machines

ar

The Artisans fight a war. They comfort themselves with ‘Sy
the knowledge that no one else is as well-equipped for the JOS
struggle. Inevitably, they are the single group best acquainted ist
with the mundane military technology of the Dark Fantastic. Gwe
Thus, given the tragically endemic violence of the times (and (Qi
of roleplaying games), it is worth reviewing the contents of
mundane armories of the age

Melee Weapons

Bring up the brown bills
— William Shakespeare, King Lear

Renaissance warfare involves a goodly assortment of
hand-to-hand weapons for warriors to choose from — not
that one can or should generally wander around with battle-
field equipment. The armies of the age mostly use cavalry
lances and infantry polearms — long shafts, deadly at the
charge orin massed formations, clumsy elsewhere. The halberd
and its cousins are also frowned upon by Sleeper watchmen
and innkeepers as a sign that the peace is threatened, The
favored tool of the lone hero is the secondary weapon of the
soldier: the sword.


The swift, slender fencing-rapier is becoming popular,
but it remains a gentleman's personal defense — something
that doesn't weigh one down or get in the way too much. To
a serious soldier, fencing blades are a joke, too feeble to
penetrate decent armor (although a good fencer can aim for
eye slits and junctions between armor plates). The battlefield
sword of the day is a slightly more refined version of the old
knightly broadsword; fairly heavy, two-edged, good for cut
and thrust. In the east, where light cavalry has long been
important in armies, the preference is for the curved scimitar
—much like the saber of future days; a slashing weapon, good
for use from horseback. The Swiss, Germans and Scots — big
men, proud of their personal heroism — may show up with
huge two-handed swords worn over the back without a
scabbard, and horrible in action if a trifle clumsy. The one-
handed "Swung Weapons" listed in Mage: The Sorcerers
Crusade are less common, mostly being carried by knights in
armor who desire something to batter through the plate armor
worn by their counterparts.

As for those halberds and pikes, they come in many
varied shapes and names, but the differences are largely a
matter of show and national tradition. The English among
others favor the "bill," with a curved edge and a vicious
projecting pointed hook. Others prefer the true halberd, with
its ax-like blade. Most have a spear-like point, allowing them
to stab as well as swing. Multiply spiked and mace-like heads
look formidable, but don't cut through armoras well asa blade
or single spike.

Spears can range from short strong boar-hunting imple-
ments to lances and pikes. Some such as the "partisan" have
broad bladed heads, close in weight to those of halberds. These
are common junior-officer's weapons as they look imposing
and can be used to point the way without being too cumber-
some. (Treat partisans as ordinary spears, used two-handed.)
The pike is the mass combat weapon of the coming age, when
the Swiss and Germans demonstrate the devastation that a
determined mass of pikemen can wreak on almost any foe. Yet
the pike is always far too long for a one-on-one brawl.

Muscle-Powered Dissiles

That fellow handles his bow like a crow-keeper. Draw me a
clothier's yard.

— William Shakespeare, King Lear

A few shepherds still practice with the sling. A few
eastern cavalry still carry darts or javelins. But in this age the
best non-gunpowder missile weapons use the power of the
bow. This ancient technology has spun off several useful
ideas, which remain of interest to Artisans.

The simple short bow is for poachers and peasant levies who
can be hoped to get a few shots off in battle before they sensibly
run away. Professional soldiers know that the short bow is far out-
performed by other missiles to be much real use. The longbow is
much more effective. Neatly as tall asa man, it grants yard-long

arrows the force to punch through plate armor, and yet it is
relatively simple as weapons go, being cut from a single piece of
yew-wood. (An expert bowyer knows and works with the subtle
structure of the wood.) The drawback is that it requires consider-
able trained strength to even draw such a weapon correctly. Real
skill is also needed to unleash devastating arrow-storms with
decentaccuracyand effect. The oldjokeis:Totrainalongbowman,
you must start with his grandfather. Only the Welsh and English
everreally decided to trust their free peasants enough to train and
musterlongbow armies. These days, those peasantsare tired ofthe
incessant practice involved and ignote strict laws banning such,
frivolous and sinful alternatives as football and shove-ha'penny.
Ina few decades, the skill becomes a hobby for crusty tradition-
alists — one of whom, Roger Ascham, makes it a philosophical
exercise of some subtlety.

(Incidentally, the great bows borne by the samurai of far
Japan can be considered equal to the Welsh longbow for
practical purposes. Samurai, too, must train for long hours to
achieve acceptable bow-skills. Their bows are asymmetric to
facilitate use from horseback, but are used in displays of
individual mastery rather than to throw up arrow-storms.)

The compound bow is the most complex expression of
the bowyer's art. It's designed to project arrows with force
approaching that of the longbow, while remaining shorter
and handier in form. It is the traditional weapon of Asia's
horse-archers. The bow's construction involves laminated
horn and various woods, and is something of a secret. In ages
past, European kings imported Asian craftsmen to make and
tend their personal hunting-weapons. Even today, this skill
could give an eastern Artisan an excuse for making his way to
Europe and to find well-paid employment once there

Crossbows had their antecedents in ancient Greece and
early Byzantium, butwere then forgotten in Europe, save in the
West. (It may be that the Craftmasons chose to preserve
crossbows to grant the peasantry a way of defeating the ever-
heavier armor worn by noble knights.) An important element
of crusader armies, crossbows have grown ever more sophisti-
cated and powerful; they may incorporate a compound bow or
even be made offine steel. This makes them able to punch bolts
through the heaviest armor — but at the cost of ever-greater
loading times. For this reason and their expense, crossbows
never gain a convincing edge on the battlefield, leaving the
nobility secure in their disdain for missile-armed peasants
(unless they are English longbowmen). Light, perhaps one-
handed crossbows are possible, but utterly lacking in hitting
power. Even the finely crafted crossbows beloved of many
Craftmasonsand some Artisans are useful mainly in only street-
fights and for clandestine work.

In China, the crossbow has been the favored missile
weapon for centuries. Chinese Artificers invented clever trigger
mechanisms that gave their homeland a deadly advantage over
itsbarbarian neighbors. Chinese troops may even carry repeating
crossbows, with from two to 10 bolts held in a gravity-feed
"hopper," anda winding mechanism that drawsand releases the


damage 2, range 40, and concealment class L, with a minimum
Strength of 2. Itcan fire at least every turn, possibly faster with,
increased difficulty. The repeating crossbow's main purpose is to
enable massed troops to put up a short, withering burst of fire.
Reloading the "magazine" takes two turns.]

Longbows and crossbows are serious military weapons,
despite the spread of guns (which are clumsy, unreliable and
dangerous to use). Yet they have limitations that make guns
increasingly appealing: Bows demand all that training, lose
effectivenessas the wielder grows weary and are vulnerable to
bad weather. (A damp bowstring stretches and slackens. A
clever Artisan with an eye for detail might think about
finding some fiber that does not.)

The sling should not be ignored entirely. Some Daedaleans
find itahandy means of hurling flasks of exotic formulations over
long distances. It takes a little mastery, but itis cheap and simple
Ies cousin is the staff-sling —a sling on the end of a shaft, swung
to hurl projectiles with greater force ifless accuracy. [Each is fired
using Dexterity + its own special Skill, Slings are difficulty 7, do,
7, damage equal to the user's Strength, rate |/2,are trivially conceal-
able, have no minimum Strength and a range of 40. Large
unbalanced missiles such as alchemical flasks may reduce range
andincrease difficulty. Staffslingsare difficulty9, damage Strength
+1, Rate 1/2, concealment class L, minimum Strength 2 and
range 60.]

Personal Firearms

Ifthe longbow showed what could be done to destroy the
aristocracy's mastery of the battlefield, the gun makes the
lesson easy to teach. With cannon evolving into handguns,
* death is becoming democratic.

There are three designs of firing mechanism ("lock")
approaching widespread use in this era: the cannon-lock, the
matchlock and the wheel lock. However, no Artificer with
any self-respect is seen with a cannon-lock, which is no
mechanism at all—just a touch-hole anda hand-held match
or hot wire. The wheel lock isa new invention (see page 17).
That leaves the matchlock as the casual standard.

Teas

SSSA

NCSD:

The matchlock consists of a burning slow-match and a
small "pan" that holds a little "priming powder" adjacent to
alarger charge behind a bullet. Pulling the trigger brings the
match down on the pan. A good design such as a Daedalean
construction has a built-in protective cover over the pan to
keep rain off and to prevent accidents. This cover is moved
aside immediately before firing. The system is crude and
vulnerable, but functional.

A really clever Enlightened Artificer might come up with
the flintlock — something unknown to Sleepers for another
century. This firearm uses a flint to strike sparks from a piece of
steel. The weapon, along with its pre-prepared cartridges and
standardized-caliber ammunition, is far too convenient and
deadly to be thought godly by most folk and is hopelessly vain,
in any use until the wheel lock is generally accepted.

RNG

F

Rifling becomes known to European Sleepers around
A.D. 1475, so the Order of Reason knows about it through-
out the Dark Fantastic age. Some of the deadliest guns used
by Enlightened warriors incorporate rifling. However, rifled
guns are not used much by Sleepers — or even by brethren
of the Conventions

Rifles can be more trouble than they're worth. A muzzle-
loading rifle is not only expensive, but the bullets must fit
snugly in the barrel (so that they engage with the rifling when
fired). All chat means weapon and bullets must be manufac-
tured more precisely. The guns are also hard work to load
Rifle bullets may fly more straight, but the tight fit as they are
fired means that they do not necessarily fly so far overall, or
at,least not with so much force.

[For a quick system adaptation, say that any type of
personal firearms may theoretically be rifled. (Rifled artillery
is a ways off yet.) Rifling reduces difficulty numbers by one
when shooting (except at point-blank range), reduces dam-
age by one, has no effect on range (greater accuracy being
balanced by lower velocity) and increases the number of turns
to fire by two.]

Armor and Shields

There's my gauntlet; I'l prove it on a giane

— William Shakespeare, King Lear

Theadvance offirearmsone day renders armorsuperfluous,
but for now good plate can still be called "bullet proofed" with
plausibility. Enough fights involve swords and spears thateven
chain mail or leather seem well worth the wearing, However,
good armor is expensive and the truly useful stuff is horribly
heavy. Most rank-and-file footmen get by with scraps of leather
and old chain ("Crow's Mail" in system terms), although
wealthy employers may issue helmets and breastplates.

Armor is not something to wear in polite company
without good cause, burkings and nobles supposedly at peace
may invest in finely made shirts that hide metal plates or
links under silks and velvet — the age's equivalent of a
bullet-proof vest. [This armor gives a couple of points of
protection against attacks that are likely to hit the torso or
arms; the penalty for encumbrance is negligible, although
this stuff is uncomfortable on a hot day or if worn for long
periods.] Shrewd Artificers might recognize the creation of
good secret protections as a potentially profitable project!

The large shield of the Middle Ages falls out of favor these
days — it doesn't stop a bullet unless covered in heavy and
expensive metal. The halberd and arquebus are also two-
handed weapons, which makes carrying a shield impossible
However, the small round "target" or buckleris still used; itcan
be made light enough to not get in the way when not wanted.
This small shield can even be used with fencing weapons. In
practical terms, only professional soldiers have much excuse to
carry the "War Shield." Bucklers are commonplace enough.


Artillery and Wagons

described in Crusade Lore) are well-
it
nd rockets. Allsuch

Siege engines (
known across the civilized world. When g
was firstused in large cumbersome
weaponshave mostly been used to bring down enemy fortresses:

powder arrive

annon

they are tooslow forarmieson the march or for fighting scrappy
combats in the open field. The "siege train" — a mass of
straining oxen, sweating laborers and thoughtful practical spe-
cialists — follows behind until the enemy is driven back into
citiesand castles, when walls must be hammered down. Archaic
enginesare often built on the site where they are used, with only
the essential mechanisms being carted about the countryside.

1n cannon have to be cast on the spot or abandoned when
retreat must be hasty. Many a fallen town's church bells are
claimed for melting by the captain of the artillery.

en used in open battle. A number of
ming but useful embellishments make guns more

Light engines have
simple:

mobile; wheeled carriages are the most obvious. Cannon still
fire slowly and are not accurate enough to slaughter entire
enemy regiments — but they may frighten green troops or
horses, ot "sting" a unit that has been ordered to hold position
during a rash charge.

Incendiaries (in the form of Greek Fire and such — see
Crusade Lore) are useful in sieges, but generally lack the range
to make them very useful in open battle (although pots can be
hurled from large siege engines).

War-Wagons: The nomadic peoples of the eastern steppes
have long used wagons to carry their families and belongings,
and have sometimes used such to form barriers when ur

attack. In recent centuries, this idea has been taken
developed by some of their more settled neighbors in e:
Europe. The tactical s
among the armies of the nationalist religious reformers of
Bohemia — the Hussites.

m has perhaps reached its height

This peasant movement faces a deadly threat from noble
Catholic armies that include well-trained knightly cavalry
femason
emissaries, is to develop their wagon-trains into mobile
tresses from which crossbowmen and gunners can shoot the
aftmasons and theirallies
regard this tactical system with great interest (de
that Gabrielites regard Hussite independenc
Whenever the Order fields a true army
Hussite ideas. Although the Hussites originally use ordinary

The Hussite response, perhaps inspired partly by C

ore

aristocratic enemy with impunity.

pite the fact

dangerous).

it may well draw on

farm wagons, they soon build vehicles intended purely for war,

reinforced and armored to hold off enemy counterfire,


Appendix Chree:
Bibliographica

he histories of technology and of craft
training, science and art in the Renais-
sance are substantial topics. Rather than
attempt to provide a comprehensive bib-
liography, it is better to offer some
suggestions.

Little isas useful asa good encyclope-
dia. The Britannica still leads the field for sheer depth of
information, but plenty of other books and CD-ROMs serve
well enough. The art of this period is also very well-docu-
mented in specialist volumes, usually full of appealing
illustrations. In addition to reading, a visit to a good museum
— especially one that focuses on arts and crafts of the period
or on military history — can be worthwhile, if possible.

Fora good general introduction to the history of technol-
ogy and some idea of just how much had been achieved or
H suggested by any given date see Ancient Inventions, by Peter
James and Nick Thorpe.

Military Technology

Late-medieval and Renaissance warfare is quite well-
documented, but descriptions of the arms and equipment used
can be sketchy and spread throughout large volumes. The best
places to look may actually be books published for wargamers
or model-makers, who share the roleplayer's interest in the
S look of things and the Artificer's love of telling detail. Such
books are also usefully pitched at the intelligent amateur.
The Wargames Research Group publishes Armies of the
Middle Ages, by Ian Heath, in two volumes. It combines useful
line-drawings with extefisive historical research. Renaissance
Armies 1480-1650, by George Gush, published by Patrick
Stephens Limited, is similar but may be harder to find
GURPS High Tech, by Michael Hurst, published by Steve
\\N\\ Jackson Games, deals with technology — mostly firearms —
AN from the Renaissance through to the modem day. This isa very
QQ) useful guide to the tricky practicalities of the things Artificers

A
NY \ like, if you want to get realistic.
|

The
rtisans
Handbook"

= PAS

(The campaigns and wars of the age are very much a part
of the book's general history and are often covered in social
and political context.)

Non-European Cechnology

The history of technology in China is covered inJoseph \
Needham's monumental multi-volume Science and
Civilisation in China. Most readers will find more than
enough information for their needs in Colin Ronan's abridg-
ment; Volume 4 deals with some useful topics.

For early Indian technology, see Professor O.P. Jaggi's
History of Science, Technology and Medicine in India,
another huge work

Cathedral, Forge, and Waterwheel: Technology and
Invention in the Middle Ages, by Frances & Joseph Gies
This book provides an excellent foundation for understand-
ing how much eastern technology was integrated into
European life by the Middle Ages. It does leave offa bit short
of the Renaissance period, but its information is presented in
sucha way thatir's not hard to draw conclusionsa few decades
further out. The book is also a good resource for western
technology and its development.

The Middle East: A History, Third Edition, by Sidney
Nettleton Fisher. There's a reason textbook-style works are
used in college courses: They are packed with information.
This one is quite perceptible, but the chapters on Middle
Eastern history are all-inclusive — technology, academia,
culture; what more could there be? Though he leaves out six-
demon bags, Fisher spends most of the book on more modern
Arabic history, which is generally useful for players and
Storytellers looking for future fates for their Sorcerers Cru-
sade characters.

Other RDG Material

Steam Age and The Lost Notebooks of Leonardoda Vinci (R.
Talsorian Games) are supplements for Castle Falkenstein, the
"Victorian fantasy" RPG. The game is full of weird and nicely
depicted ideas for steam, clockwork and magick-powered technol-
ogy: The Lost Notebooks are actually presented as a fictitious
Renaissance technomagickal text and could be a good source of
distinctly strange Machinae.


Greation Js Sacred!

Literal Renaissance men and women, the High Artisans
master the Shaping, Forces and Naming Arts. Makers of
masterpieces, welding the disciplines of art, imagination and
physical craftsmanship with the mystick theories of sacred
geometry and elemental correspondences, they fashion fantastic
vehicles, awe-inspiring buildings and terrible weaponry.

Against them stand the powers of Faith, Tradition and the
Night. The Artisans' allies doubt their allegiance, and their
lodge-houses echo with dispute. But they know better than to
fear; the future is theirs.

The Ace of the Machine Is at Hand!

The Artisans Handbook for Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade
details Daedalean guilds and skills, politics among the lodges,
and the theories of the reasoning Arts. Here are the High Magick
machinae and devices that would turn da Vinci green with envy.
And of course, there are systems and Storyteller hints for all
those mad inventions that go awry.

Games for Mature Minds
