# File: Artificers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

The Artilicers Sourcebook for Wraith: The Oblivion
Guildbook One :

By Richard Dansky



"Wherefore do ye toil; is it not that ye may live and be
happy? A\nd if ye toil only that ye may toil more, when shall
happiness find you? Ye toil to live, but is not life made of beauty
and song? A\nd if ye suffer no singers among you where shall be

the fruits of your toil? Toil without song is like a Weary journey

without an end. Were not death more pleasing"

= HP. Lovecralt, "The Quest of lranon"


vr Ni

Written by: Richard E. Dansky
Development by: Richard E. Dansky
f) Editing by: Ed McKeogh

Andrew Ritchie

Front Cover Art: John Cobb, Richard Thomas
Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles
Layout and typesetting by: Matt Milberger

Vice President in charge of Production: Rich Thomas
f! Art Direction by: Aileen E. Miles & Lawrence Snelly
Art by: Richard Clark, Fred Harper, Eric LaCombe,

B SUITE 100

USA

GAME STUDIO
©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews.
Wraith: The Oblivion, Wraith Players Guide, and

Guildbook: Artificers are trademarks and copyrights of
White Wolf.

marks or copyrights concerned.

cretion is advised. Printed in Canada

Fs 780 PARK NORTH BLYD.

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-

Because of the mature themes involved, reader dis-

Guildbook: Artificers

Bill "Are You Online?" Bridges, for agreeing to be Ravaged.
Jane "They Said They'd Come Today" Palmer, for not go-

ing after the photocopier with an axe.

Cynthia "Mucklehead Season" Summers, for witnessing
"The Incredible Adventures of Bolt-Boy."

Fred "Collectible Tarot Cards" Yelk, for doing his best to
spread the hernias around.

Ethan "I Can Have Him?" Skemp, for adding to the ranks
of the illustrious dead.

Stephe "Forget About December" Pagel, for imparting
needed sales wisdom.

Kathleen "See Layout and Design" Ryan, for the loan of
her system.


Table of Contents

Ghost Story: A Road of Steel and Soul, Part Ne
Chapter One: The Guild i
Chapter Two: The Hammer of the Damned 19 Re
Chapter Three: The Guild inside and Out mY
Chapter Four: Putting the Hammer Down 08 if
Chapter Five: Ways and Means 5 i
Chapter Six: Hammerhoys and Netsurfers
Appendix: Who Was Who


4 4
Part |: A Meeting ot Minds
€ eep in the bowels of the Isle of Sorrows, a
4 gavel moaned. Obediently, 12 heads, all

more or less human, turned to face its

‘coal-colored cari
who'd introduced himself only 2

wielder: a c ature
Ember.
forged
k Stygian steel, functional in-
stead of ornate. Souls Moliated into cushions (through the
good offices of Dame Katrin of the Masquers' Guild, their

host had indicated, even as he pointed to one of the early

He sat, as they all did, in a

from bla

arrivals) provided the sole bit of ornamentation, and even
they were plainly functional.

The room matched the furniture in its utilitarian sim-
plicity. A single entrance, barred with a steel door, loomed
behind Ember and framed his countenance with a deeper
black. No windows looked out on the Imperial City, and the

~ Ghost Story: A Road
eel and Souls

floors and walls were a single surface of polished soul-steel.
A wagon-wheel chandelier hung from the ceiling on a black
chain; Moliated candles standing at the end of its spokes pro-
vided smokeless red light. Below the chandelier squatted the
monstrous table, its legs hammered into the semblance of
dragons' limbs and its surface polished to a dark mirror's gleam.
Apart from the dozen masked figures seated around the table
and Lord Ember himself, the room held no other wraiths.

Ember himself was garbed in loose robes of gray, and his
skin was a cracked and ridged carbon black. Completely bald,
he looked as if he had been forged as statuary and then dis-
carded as a botched job. Only the startling whites of his eyes
and the deep red of his mouth lent his form any color. He
appeared as a ghost among ghosts, and the odor of char drifted
unpleasantly from him. In his left hand he held the black-
and-gold gavel whose moan had set the others to silence; in
his right was a sheaf of papers. A dozen carved faces looked
up at him expectantly, and in the back of the room someone
coughed. An expression of impatience, perhaps, or a habit
from breathing days.

Steel and Souls


Guildbook: Artificers
ss RS

Ember's voice, when it came, was a bass rumble, rough-
ened by the soot of centuries in the forge. "Forgive me," were
his first words, "for calling you on such short notice. | know
that we were not due to meet again for another seven years,
but I felt that what I had to impart to you to be...well worth
the risk." Waving the sheaf of papers for emphasis, he waited.
Every pair of eyes in the room, he noted, was on the papers.
Where, of course, he wanted them.

"This is insanity." The voice came from the back, from
behind a mask like a leopard. "To meet again this soon is
idiotic. To do it the bowels of the City itself is suicide." Arms
clad in the court garb of the De Medicis were crossed in dis-
approval. Ghostly feet in relic leather boots were propped up
on the table.

Frowning, Ember turned. "My dear Lord..."

"No names."

"Of course. Master of Chanteurs," and Ember paused for
the general laughter. The fop behind the leopard's face was
the latest in a long line of "Masters of Chanteurs" who had
attended these meetings, each of whom was obviously an ex-
pendable decoy. At first Ember had found the way in which
the faux Guildmasters had attempted to press their bluff to
be admirable. Of late, it had grown tiresome. Consistency in
the lie would have been a courtesy.

The laughter, of course, was because it was highly likely
that all of the "Guildmasters" gathered on this night were
"imposters." Including Ember.

"Master of Chanteurs. Invoking my right as Master of
the Eldest Guild, I have called us together tonight because I
deem it important, and not because after twenty-two centu-
ties, I've suddenly acquired a death wish. As for meeting in
Stygia, as one of my Guild's new apprentices once put it, where
better to hide than in plain sight?"

A portly woman, covered in shifting robes that moaned
and twisted in time to the twisting tentacles of her octopus
mask, rose shrieking. "You took her? She was ours by right!"
The sigils on her arms danced in time with her gestures, and
the same markings danced across her mask.

Ember made a self-deprecating gesture. "She chose us.
We did not take her. And who were we to refuse such an
illustrious apprentice?"

"We should have been consulted. We'd have made bet-
ter use of her."

"And taught her through your calm example, no doubt,"
called the Chanteur at the back. The woman, an Oracle,
made an obvious show of ignoring him as she sank back into
her seat.

"Were you going to plump her up as well, Missy
Kassandra?" Again the Chanteur, lazily drawing forth a man-
dolin even as the Oracle rose again. The din her chair made
crashing to the floor was ignored.


"Never mention that name again," she hissed, "or you'll
find yourself rolling double ones with your own
s." Along the mask and the plump white arms,
the black sigils twitched and fretted.

"Js it such a good idea," said the Chanteur, his long fingers
strumming the strings along the length of the mandolin's neck,
"to threaten me in this echo chamber? Play your games with
the Alchemists, you fat little fraud. Maybe you'll frighten them."

"Fraud? You've just bought yourself a century of bad luck,
you vicious little..."

"ENOUGH!" The hammer howled in time as Ember
brought it down on the table hard enough to crack the mir-
rored surface. With a crash, the wreckage fell to the floor.
Ember stood before his chair, rage-red marks mottling his flesh,
his eyes green with anger. "Little songbird, you have said quite
enough." He was on the Chanteur before the man could rise,
his hand around the singer's throat. The gavel lay, shattered
and weeping, on the floor. "I will not have this. If you, or any
of your successors, disrupt a gathering of this sort again, | will
take my revenge. I will personally hunt you down and take
you back to my forge. I will melt you down for coin, and I will
scatter those coins to the far ends of the Empire, those that I
don't send to the Void or the Jade Emperor's Hell. And I will
make sure that you are awake for the entire process.

"Do you like the sound of that, songbird? A little bit of
your mind in China, a little bit of it here. A little bit amidst
the dust on my workshop floor. A little bit lost down a sewer
grating. Do you like the sweet sound of that?" A choking sound
was his only answer. "I can't hear you, nightingale. Do you
like the sound of that?"

"...no..." The response came in gasps, in terror.

Ember released the Chanteur, who fell to the floor in a
jangle of strings. None of the others in the room stirred. Im-
passive masks stared back at him. There was silence.

"Right," said Ember. "Back to business. We're here to
talk about Charon."

"Charon's dead and gone," murmured a woman with the
inky fingers of the Pardoners. She gave Ember a look like a
raptor gives a sparrow and frowned from beneath her half-
mask.

"Just gone. Not dead. I want to get him back."

"Impossible!" It was the plump Oracle again. "He and
Gorool went down in that horrid whirlpool, and we'll never
see him again."

A man at Ember's right elbow, marked with the broad
shoulders and the pinched expression of the Spooks, barked
laughter. "Miklos there was right. You are insane."

Ember spun on him, still clutching the papers. "Idiot.
Stygia's going to hell under the Deathlords. Without Charon
and a unified leadership, it's just a question of who gets us
first: the Spectres or the other Dark Kingdoms."


"Granted," came the Pardoner's voice. "However, you're
still begging several questions here."

"Such as?"

"Such as where is he, how do we get him back, what's
the benefit to us in all of this, and why did you choose now to
hatch this?"

"T'll answer the last first," Ember answered as he settled
back into his chair. The gavel whimpered once, and the Spook
gave it a petulant kick. "Now, because I have just received
some new information on Charon's disappearance. The ben-
efit to us, besides mere survival, is that if we, the Guilds, re-
trieve Charon from the Labyrinth, he'll owe us. Reinstate-
ment in Stygia will be the least of it. Down with the
Deathlords, up with us."

"Perhaps," came a voice from unblinking eyes behind a
moon mask. "You said retrieve him from the Labyrinth. I take
it you know he's there?"

Ember shrugged. "Where else would he be?"

"The Void. In Gorool's belly. Playing pinochle with
Nhudri's grandfather. The mind boggles."

"All the evidence I have points to his being in the Laby-
rinth." Again, a shake of the papers. "After a fashion."

"Do tell," came the Pardoner's purr.

"These papers were obtained for me by a journeyman of
my Guild. One who specializes in computers. He's a bit un-
disciplined, which is why he's still a journeyman, but his hobby
is retrieving odd bits of data. This time, he stumbled onto
more than he knew.

"What he came across was a file on a computer belong-
ing to a psychiatrist near his haunt. This doctor had come
across a group of patients who'd been suffering from similar
nightmares. All were over 55 years of age and were absolutely
unable to sleep because this nightmare, which they'd all origi-
nally had at the time of the Fifth Maelstrom, had returned.
In the dream, a monster comes up out of the ocean and fights
aman ina boat. | trust you'll all be quite surprised when I tell
you it ends with a whirlpool swallowing both man and mon-
ster."

"Sounds familiar, yes. But I fail to see much significance."
The Pardoner sounded spectacularly unimpressed.

"Besides the fact that it came to these people in a dream?"
Ember paused to look quizzically at the lone Sandman in the
room and met an unblinking stare. "Besides the fact that 50
years later it's still bothering all of them? Besides the fact that
the descriptions of the Isle and the Weeping Bay and Charon.
himself are letter-perfect in all of the accounts? How about
the fact that my journeyman found similar dreams recorded
in four other psychiatrists' offices within an evening's travel
of his haunt?"

The Pardoner leaned toward Ember, hand outstretched.
"Let me see those."


"Gladly," as he handed papers around the room. Even
the Chanteur took his without comment, and for a few min-
utes only the flipping of pages could be heard.

It was the Oracle who broke the silence. "All of these
have something else in common," she said fretfully. "I don't
like it."

"Don't like what?" retorted the Spook. "Piss-poor prose,
most of it. What's eating you?"

"Well, all of them talk about Gorool...we agree this is
Gorool, right...all of them talk about him rising up out of the
waves and bellowing something like ‘I have come! Where
rests my sacrifice?" or some such."

Ember nodded. "More or less."

"But I don't remember hearing that! I was on the battle-
ments when Gorool manifested, and it didn't say anything. It
just howled. I don't remember the words all these people do."

"{ don't remember those words either," interjected the
Pardoner. "This is disturbing."

"We could call in the Mnemoi and find out what we do
remember." All heads turned to the back of the room, where
the Chanteur smirked behind his leopard mask.

"Not even as a joke, songbird. Not even as a joke." The
Pardoner's face was grim as slate. "I'd open the gates to Yu
Huang before I let a Mnemos into my head."

"Just a suggestion. The few I've met have been decent
people, really."

"Then you're a bigger fool than Ember here thinks you
are, and that's considerable. No, what really bothers me is
what they all claim Gorool said."

Ember's smile was a cold thing. "The reference to the
sacrifice? Yes, that caught my attention. It's why I called you
here."

"Because Gorool wanted a sacrifice? Seems reasonable
for a beast like that," muttered the Spook. The Oracle im-
paled him with a glance. Dutifully, he writhed beneath it.

"Imbecile. If he came for a sacrifice, someone must have
promised that sacrifice to him." There was a long silence.
"Someone promised a sacrifice to him. Someone called Gorool
here, and Charon was the bait. A traitor. A traitor killed
Charon."

"Tried to, at least." Ember's forced optimism echoed from
the polished walls. "A traitor set Charon up, yes. We find the
traitor, we find the path to Charon. We find the path, we
find Charon himself. We find Charon, we free him, and it's
back to the Weeping Towers in steel and glory. These mem-
oirs are the first step on the road back to power for us. For our
Guilds."

The Chanteur laughed, a bitter sound. "If you can trust
your minds and your memories. I trust neither. | don't trust
Lord Briquette here, | don't trust the fact that this magical
evidence just came to light, and | don't trust the fact that
despite the fact that we all watched Charon's Fall, not one of
us recalls Gorool speaking so much as a coherent syllable.
There's another game here, Ember. Why should we play it?"

"Because," and it was not Ember who answered, but in-
stead the Oracle, "Because we have no choice." And a hush
fell on the chamber, as in a dozen minds, a beast a half-cen-
tury gone roared once more from the depths.



The

Call for a craftsman

hapter One

Guild

Bring me a draftsman
Build me a path from cradle to grave
— Billy Bragg, "Between the Wars"

To: Hérnan of the Paupers' Legion

From: Chandler DeShields, P.1.

Re: Artificers

Encl: An overview of what I found out. The full report is
on its way as soon as I can possess my secretary and get her to
type it. Shouldn't be more than another day. In the meantime,
these are the edited highlights. They'll get the point across.

Note: By the way, payment is overdue on this assign-
ment. I fully expect the 10% late surcharge to be included
when I hand you the full report.

Overview

n case you were wondering, the Guild is
still around. Give me all the bullshit you
4) want about banishment and disbanding
and whatever else, the Guild is real. More
to the point, it's real and it has an awful
lot of members. Plus, they're all nuts. This

group combines the worst elements of the Teamsters, the
Masons and the Hare Krishnas. I can't tell if it's a profes-
sional organization or a religion, and at a certain point it
doesn't matter. If an Artificer breaks your legs out of a deep
and abiding religious devotion to their "Lord" or because he
doesn't like independent soulforge contractors, it doesn't make
much difference. Capiche?

I didn't get in deep enough to find out what they're re-
ally up to, but then again, you're not paying me enough for
me to do what would have been required. Let's put it this
way: you join the Artificers, you're making a real investment
of yourself.

Got it? No? Tough.

Anyway, on to the facts of the matter. They are:

Who Are These Bozos?

The Artificers Guild, also known as the Right and Hon-
orable Brotherhood of Artificers, Soulforgers, and Gremlins;
also known as the Society of the Hammer; also known as the
United Smiths of Stygia; also known as the Hammerboys, is

Chapter One: The Guild 13


real, active and vital. Sorry, it's not a myth. I know you're
disappointed to hear that, but try to restrain your despair un-
til after you pay me.

The older members tend to call themselves the Brothers
of the Forge. Sexist as all hell, but what do you want from
wraiths 2000 years old? The younger ones, at least those in
the Guild, call themselves Artificers or Hammerboys. Not
surprisingly, women tend to go by the former and men by the
latter. Above is a partial list of aliases for the organization,
but these are just the obvious ones. There are a lot more,
most of which seem to be innocuous enough but are actually
attached to the Guild.

Older members tend to have been blacksmiths, philoso-
phers, inventors, and scientists. The leadership of the Guild
is heavily slanted toward the male side, but this is changing a
lot faster than the fogies would like. Younger members, espe-
cially those Reaped in the past 20 years, tend to specialize
more in the computer end of things, though you get a few
mechanical engineering mavens as well. Fewer architects than
you'd expect, but a sizable minority of AFL-CIO types, blue
collar workers who go into soulforging.

Physical profile is easy for the old-timers. Think big, burly
and blackened. Working in the forges, most get seared like
Cajun-style catfish, and even those who don't get carbonized
look like they've been tanning in a microwave. Younger ones
are harder to identify, but the weathering is there if you look
for it. Red and black streaks often disguised as tattoos or cov-
ered with gloves and long sleeves are what to look for here.
Steel-tipped chuckaboots are also a giveaway.

What is it Up To

The Guild is actively recruiting new members, especially
from the Legions, and seem to have stepped up its inductions
over the past four years. Mind you, the Artificers are being
quiet about it. It's real subtle; they find someone they're in-
terested in and start dropping hints about the bigger quarters
you get, the higher pay for smiths as opposed to grunt sol-
diers, the thrill of hitting computer systems and making the
bank put a million bucks in your mom's account, all of that
malarkey. No mention of the Guild at all. Then, once the
sucker signs on, he gets some training, some testing, and
wham, he's inducted into the Guild.

That is, if the Guild muckety-mucks think they can trust
him. If not, he ends up as flatware. Very ecologically con-
scious, those Artificers; very into recycling, if you know what
I mean. They don't leave any of their mistakes lying around
for people like me to trip over.

The other main avenue of recruitment is the raw materi-
als line. If an Artificer spots a likely candidate in the "Future
Lawn Furniture" pile, he pulls her out, dusts her off and in-
ducts her. This is where a lot of the computer types come

14 Guildbook: Artificers

from, as most get hauled in as half-assed Renegades.
Hammerboys pulled off the scrap heap tend to be very loyal
to the Guild. None of ‘em would even talk to me.

Mind you, that's what the Guild is up to in the small
scale, not the large. There's something big going on here,
something really nasty. Soul-steel production is down 2.1%
over the same time that the Guild's bumped up recruitment,
and that's just not kosher. What makes it even more interest-
ing is that more and more souls are getting sent to the forges
these days. More smiths, more raw materials; yet we're end-
ing up with less product. Something stinks.

My guess is that the Guild is siphoning off the extra. Yeah,
I know 2% doesn't look like much, but think about the vol-
ume of soul-steel we're dealing with here. 2.1% of 10 souls is
an arm anda leg; but 2.1% of 4 million tons of soul-steel is an
awful lot. It sounds like the Guild is stockpiling raw materi-
als, a lot like survivalists squirreling away canned food and
shotguns.

Who Are Artificers Talking To?

Well, pretty much everybody. They've got contacts, if
not actual chapters in both Heretic and Renegade camps. I
got hauled out to a couple (location will be attached with the
full report), mainly Renegade camps on "scouting" missions
for the Legion. Bullshit. They were out there to make nice
with the Artificers on the other side.

The vibe I got was that Guild loyalty transcends every-
thing else. Everything. Let's put it this way, given a choice
between saving a Renegade Artificer or a Legion Commander
from getting chomped by a Shade, any real Artificer chooses
in a second. Guess what: the Commander loses.

Seriously, the Guild has a network strung out over the
entire Shadowlands. Favorite Haunts are factories, ware-
houses, and foundries. It's not going to surprise anyone that
the Artificers pretty much own Pittsburgh, Cleveland, De-
troit, and the rest of the Rust Belt. Oh yes, Buffalo too. Not
overtly, mind you; however, the Hammerboys are damn strong
there, and even the Anacreons know not to push it. Not much
of a presence up and down the eastern seaboard or the West
Coast; big in northern Europe and Germany, not much influ-
ence in Spain, Portugal, or Italy. Poland's chock full, at least
the cities like Gdansk and Cracow.

In any case, one of my contacts, since vanished, informed
me that the Guild has hidey holes, ammo and weapons dumps,
forges and stockpiles of steel'n'souls all over the place. The
Artificers love ‘50s vintage bomb shelters, too, and old mis-
sile silos when they can find them. The fact that Lyman dis-
appeared right after talking to me lenta little additional weight
to his words.

Two days after Lyman vanished, I got an anonymous de-
livery: a dozen relic paper flowers in a soul-steel vase. Expen-


sive gift, and there was no name or card on it. Mind you, I'm
not one for flowers, and the vase itself was no great shakes.
Looked like it had been done hastily. Looked like the artist
hadn't spent more than a day or two on it. Lyman makes a
god-awful vase, in case you were wondering. Let me know if
you want the flowers.

The long and short of it is, these honchos are serious.
Same old Code of Silence from my days in Southie; you talk,
you're dead. Or worse.

As for those bomb shelters and bunkers the Guild's dug
into, | wouldn't want to be the one to pry them out. We're
talking a serious plasm party here. Wait until Janet Reno kicks
it, then get her to take charge.

Growth industries

As much as some of the old-timers don't seem to like it,
they're getting into computers. Heavily. The Dictum Mortuum
might as well be tissue paper as far as they're concerned; they're
into databases and dedicated systems like there's no tomor-
row. Mind you, I haven't seen what they're pulling down, but
Ican make some guesses: passwords, financials, launch codes.
All that sort of fun stuff.

This is where a lot of ex-Guild types come in, especially
the young ones. There's a decent number who quit the Guild
before they get too far in. Some are allowed to go; some take
it on the lam. I think it depends on how much you've been
taught and how much of a security liability you are. Besides,
even the ones who want out in the worst way aren't going to
talk. Nobody wants to be a vase.

If they catch the ones who cut and run without permis-
sion, it gets ugly. No appeal, no chance for parole; you've had
it. I've heard a few people talk about the "Ancient Arts" in
connection to somebody who got smelted down. Not much
came out of that conversation, but there's a clear social de-
marcation in the Guild, and I think that those who know
these "Ancient Arts" are the ones above the line. There's
also a bit of a rivalry between those who do the forging and
those who work with computers. A rare few do both; every-
body hates these guys.

That Old Time Religion

The Guild has developed some religious overtones over
the centuries, which isn't surprising in something as ritualis-
tic as a guild-type setting. I remember back from my living
days, a lot of the fraternal organizations like the Knights of
Damon had sort of blurred the lines between their secular
function and the religious trappings they'd draped it in. Well,
the Artificers have that in spades.

Religious leanings are most prevalent in the old-timers,
of course. There's a sort of holy book, which I saw at an ini-
tiation (more on that later), that purports to be the history of


the Guild in the same way that the Bible claims to be the
history of the human race. I got to read a copy of the text at
one point. Lots of "spakes" and "begats" and things like that,
but at its core it's essentially the story of how the demand for
soul-steel outstripped Nhudri's capacity to hammer it out, so
Charon told him to get some help. The help hired more help,
the whole thing snowballed, and it ended up with the Guild
as we know it. Of course, the old-timers couldn't deal with
the fact that their entire little subculture is based on an eco-
nomic proposition, so they've elevated Nhudri, excuse me,
"Lord Nhudri," to demigod status. The really whacked out
ones call him "Our Lord" and talk about soulforging as a sort
of communion with the souls they're working on. More
mumbo jumbo like that. The religious devotion seems to be
weaker among the newer members, but during initiation some-
thing goes pop and suddenly they're devout, at least for the
duration of the ceremony.

Again, the line between computer Artificers and
Hammerboys seems to be obvious here. The ones who actu-
ally work in the forges seem to take the religious end more
seriously than the netsurfers. Then again, I heard one or two
of those call Nhudri "The Great Ghost in the Machine," so
we could simply be watching the equivalent of a religious
schism here.

RITCHIE

qhe Few, the Proud, the Artitices

I didn't initiate. I was asked, and it w:
at that I really, really should join. This came shortly after the
delivery of the vase, and it was right around the time I de-
cided to terminate my investigation. However, moron that I
am, I said "Yes" and got to witness an Artificer induction cer-
emony before taking the old Argos sidestep outta there. Just
in time too; I was next in line.

actually hinted

Let me add that I've been snooping around the Under-
world for the past 46 years, and I'd thought I'd seen every-
thing. Everything. I was wrong. What the Artificers put their
initiates through is like nothing I've seen, living or dead. Just
remember, fanatics are made, not born.

In any case, when you get initiated it isn't like some sub-
urban Moose Lodge. You get hauled into a forge, with smoke
billowing around and everything. I suspect the place is actu-
ally on the Isle, from the way my Fetters got stretched when I
was taken there. The whole place, wherever it is, was bathed
in this dark red light, and there was soulfire behind these
grates that were 30 feet tall. Bare stone floor, usual forge setup,
and in the middle was the biggest goddamned anvil I've ever


seen. Next to it was a hammer the size of a small artillery
piece, and there was a wooden bucket full of something that
sloshes on the floor. Plasm, I think.

Besides the initiates, there were three others. Big suck-
ers, all wearing featureless masks, dressed in long black robes.
One held a sickle, the second had a chain, and the third had
abook the size of a Bible. He (definitely a he from the voice)
started reading from the book, and it was like a religious ser-
vice. Reading, response, stand up, sit down, all of that. I snuck
apeek at my fellow initiates, and they were all in some sort of
trance, absolutely devoted.

After a few minutes (hours? days? hard to tell...) the read-
ing finally ended and the big guy on the right closed the book
and put it on the floor. Then the first initiate in line walked
up to the grate, the one with the soulfire behind it, and with-
outa word she opened this little door at about shoulder height.
It couldn't have been more than four inches on a side. Just
big enough to stick your hand through.

She held her hand over the fire, and there was silence.
She didn't scream, didn't whimper, didn't make a sound, not
even when her skin was blackened and cracking and when
plasm was dripping down like hot wax. No one else made a
sound either. Just the crackle of the flames and the sizzling of
her hand over the fire. She just held it there so long that I
thought I was going to scream. But she didn't make a sound.

Finally, thankfully, she took her hand out. It was barely
recognizable, just a dripping ruin of dead meat, and she laid it
down on the anvil with a hiss. I knew what was coming then,
and I wanted to close my eyes but couldn't. All of the others
were watching her, even the three elders, and the expression
on their faces could only be described as reverent.

They kept that awed expression on their faces, even when
she took her one good hand and put it on the handle of that
impossibly large hammer. They kept it when somehow she
swung that hammer up, and they kept it when she brought
that hammer down like doom on her own hand. The whole
place rang like a bell. She took the hammer and lifted it again,

and again she brought it down. And again. And again.
And...it was horrible. All the while, everyone else was sing-
ing some sort of hymn, some sort of horrible chanting hymn,
and all I could think was, "I don't care what they say, I'm in
hell."

She stopped after a while, and most of her hand was ac-
tually intact when she finished. It was just a little...smaller.
She was holding something in that ruined mess, somehow,
and she quenched her whole hand in that bucket. It sput-
tered and steamed for a minute, and when she withdrew her
hand it actually looked like it had been healed. Terrifying.
She was holding a little coin with a hole in its center, and
holding it out she walked over to the three elders. The one
with the chain held it up, the one with the sickle cut the
chain, and the one with the book took the coin from her
hand and put it on the chain. Then the three intoned some
kind of blessing, we all said, "Amen," she put the necklace
on, and it was my turn.

That's when I left.

Summary

They're dangerous, they're crazy, and if we didn't need
them so badly I'd recommend wiping every last soulforger
(except Lord Nhudri, of course) from the face of the
Shadowlands. They're fanatics, powerful fanatics, and I'm not
sure that's a good combination to have running around. Mind
you, I've met a lot of them and liked them. Genuinely liked
them. They're good people, mostly, and do something that I
wouldn't want to, not on my best day. But anything that can
inspire someone to put their hand in soulfire and not even
twitch scares the hell out of me. If you have any sense, it
scares the hell out of you, too.

The full report will be delivered, as stated earlier, by hand
when I show up for payment. Meet me at Phocian's Column
in the Forum Charonis Minor Tuesday at the seventh hour.
Until that time, I'll keep the flowers for you.

Chandler

Memorandum

My Derr Friend Maries

ry it fruly oynlliny hve nue
ata won th é frew te finfden cur secaily, J envl th

Onn anere plensnat velo, te detective will be w

Stinks wna able te auevver in tly Hove ys, Road fin aftnfed rqwrt oud inate fr me wnt
fa clone wiflin the week

int Tierday af 7 in the Serum Chnnenia Miner te oud ver the conylee

aya oul recive fix payment On. fie way heme, dont with fin, J oxporl all ef the mensy be be rehrived,
Youn fy the Hanne
Henn



Chapter Two: |
~The Hammer of |
the Damned

Excerpts
from the

Book of 1 huari

The following excerpts are from Talking Steel: A His-
tory of the Artificers' Guild, written by N. D. Duffy of the
Great Library, d. 1966

Ritual and History

he art of soulforging (and it is an art, as
| surely as any other) has its own traditions
and rules, handed down from master to
| apprentice since Nhudri's time. It was
{| Nhudri himself, fully cognizant of the
power he was granting to his apprentices,
who created the traditions of his craft.
Before instilling in any student the secrets of soulfire, he
first laid upon them the charge to hand down the same ritu-
als to subsequent students. At the same time intensely prac-
tical and deeply mystical, the Soulforge Rites are intended
to curb the potential abuses of power that soulforging per-
mits.

A few privileged outsiders have been allowed to witness
some of the Soulforge Rites, and they have uniformly ex-
pressed both astonishment and fear at what the soulforgers
voluntarily undergo to gain the knowledge of the dark flames.
Were the Artificers not so vital a resource, they could easily
have been branded a particularly dangerous Heretic cult.

Very few if any of the higher ups in the Guild have ever
believed in the so-called Cult of Nhudri. It has been carefully
nurtured to exact obedience from the lower ranks of the Guild,
but it seems highly unlikely that many Master-class Artifi-
cers actually believe that Nhudri is any sort of divine spirit.

The hoax becomes obvious when closely examined: The
Book of Nhudri was supposedly written by the Grand High
Artificer himself and handed down from generation to gen-
eration of apprentices. However, if one looks at the date of
the founding of the Guild (simultaneous with or even pre-
dating the Pax Romana), one notices that this date also pre-
dates the invention of the book by well over a millennium.
Either Nhudri was clever enough to invent books a thou-
sand years ahead of the rest of humanity, or the Book of
Nhudri, theoretically scribed by Nhudri himself, is an elabo-
rate hoax played by elders of the Guild on the younger gen-
eration of Artificers. The reality of the matter, to me, seems
obvious...

in the Beginning

It was during the Roman expansion that Nhudri first took
apprentices to himself. Even the greatest craftsman the Un-
derworld had ever seen could not keep up with Charon's in-

satiable demand for soulforged steel. There were always more
walls, more towers, more roads and gates that needed to be

hewn from the raw stuff of souls, and though he labored he-
roically, Nhudri soon realized that his commission was im-
possible. His solution was to take to himself a trio of appren-
tices. The three, then known as Aristogeiton, Caius Josephus,
and Ravit bat- Yosif, were plucked from the construction gangs
by the Lord High Artificer himself.

Nhudri selected his first three apprentices carefully. Each
had unmistakable artistic talent, indomitable will, and the
utter callousness necessary to condemn souls to an eternity as
inanimate objects. But this same callousness worried Nhudri,
who feared that his apprentices would become hardened to
the plight of all of the souls with which they worked and,
unfettered by conscience, feed the gaping maw of the forge
too often. Restraint was needed, as was a sense of the tremen-
dous responsibility of soulforging.

It was with all that in mind that Nhudri created out of
whole cloth the Soulforge Rites, a combination of mystical
theatricality and practical instruction as to the true nature of
soulforging. To warn his apprentices (the title did not be-
come a formal one until the 11th century) against taking their
work too lightly, he had each of them place their hand over
the primal soulfire of his own forge until their Corpus was as
soft and malleable as that of any thrall fed to the flames. He
then had them, one by one, hammer a small piece of their
own flesh into a small coin, which he strung on a chain he
had forged himself. Charging them to always remember what
it felt like under the hammer, he gave the Three their coins
as tokens of their responsibility. By always wearing a piece of
their own soulforged Corpus, they would have a constant re-
minder of the pain they shared with those beneath their ham-
mers.

Nhudri honestly believed that the shared pain of
soulforging would serve as sufficient restraint on his appren-
tices to keep them from wantonly forging others. However,
he also saw the day when even four smiths at the forge
wouldn't be sufficient and realized that his apprentices would
soon be taking apprentices of their own. While he could con-
trol his own apprentices, once they took students and those
students took students, the situation would rapidly get out of
hand. Nor could he afford to spend his time merely baby-
sitting those who had inherited his knowledge; Charon still
had great tasks for him that were beyond the capabilities of
even the Three.

In the end, Nhudri decided to let his spiritual heirs po-
lice themselves. Drawing up a series of responsibilities, re-
quired knowledges, and ceremonies, he gave the list to his
apprentices as the rules that they and all who followed them
must follow. Intended to be a set of professional qualifica-
tions and moral restraints, they were quickly given an aura of
pseudo-religiosity by the Three, who saw them as a way to
ensure the eternal obedience of all of those who followed
them.

1) Inthe beginning was the hammer in the heart of the
darkness, and Nhadri was atone at his forge. 2) Then came
Charon, who broaght flame with him, and who took Oar Lord
from darkness into tight. Nhadri ascended the Veinous

| Stair, and dvelt with Charon, forging soals as Charon re-

quested. 3) This pleased Charon greatly, and he taught

Nhadri the tongues of men and broaght him the souls of

nen to forge. 4) So Nhadri hammered at his forge, which

he named Kyhlops, and great was the din that went forth.

5) Black was the smoke that rose, yet from the blackness

emerged that which shone. 6) There were the Seven Masks,

the great beacon Lamen, the blade Siklos, and from the

Seven Masks themsetves was Charon's Mask forged. 7)

‘Wice forged it was, and it was a star in the blackness when

Charon wore it.

3) Bat Charon was not satisfied, and as his realm grew
he demanded more soal-steel, which we know by its secret
name. Day and night Nhadri was at the forge, yet Charon
demanded more. 9) The half-forged soats cried out in torment,
and Nhadri's hand grew weak on the hammer. to) And when
even Nhadri could forge no more, the hammer fell to the floor.
IDA Stygia trembled at that sound, for it was like anto the
ringing of a titan bell that foretold death. 12) Even Charon,
away chasing his steeds with the tools that Nhadri had made
for him, heard the soand and retarned to Stygia.

13) Charon came anto Nhadri, who sleptat the forge, and
spake anto him, saying, "Wherefore do you steep and labor
not. Have I not set a task before thee? Uet the fire is dim, and
the coals are cold, and yoar hammer lies on the floor" 14)
Nhadri awakened and replied, "I can forge no longer My

hand is veak, yet you call it to the forge again. 15) Have I
not crafted Siklos for yoa, the bridles to hold the horses of
death and even your mask? Have I not crafted thy cities and
thy roads, and the gates of black steel that open at your com-
mand? 16) And you woald not marvel at what you have; nay,
you would demand only more. 17) More I cannot craft, Charon.
Else thoa descend into the Labyrinth again and draw forth
another smith stronger than I, I can labor no more." 13)
Charon was sore troubled at this, and left Nhadri, and catted
the Senate into council, so that he might partake of their
wisdom. 19) They spoke to Charon of the living world, where
children were held infosterage and taught the crafts of their
elders. 20) Charon heard their words, and knew that they were
good..So he retarned to the forge, where Nhadri awaited him.

21) Nbadri had already taken to himself three Appren-
tices, and they were the Elder Three. 22) He taught the
Three the secrets of soalfire and of soat-steet. 23) Lord
Nbadri had chosen them, and they were the chosen ones. 24)
For he looked within their soals and saw that they had the
Gift of the hammer and the eye to see forms within form. 25)
So Nhadri blessed them, and taaght them, and gave anto
them the secrets of the Soatforge Rites. 26) He showed them
that they mast taste the hammer and the flame, ere they give
others to the hammer and the flame. 27) And he took what
they forged of themselves, placed it on a chain, and said, "Lo,
you shall wear this all your days. 25) For even as you forge,
you were forged, and this shall remind you that you too have
tasted the flame and the hammer." 29) So the Three did as
Lord Nhadri said and wore the coins that they forged from
their own flesh all their days. 30) And they wear them still,

Qhapter

1) Nhadri taaght the Three, and it vas well, and in time
he returned to his forge, for there were great tasks that
awaited him there. 2) Bat oatside of his forge, the Three took
unto themselves Apprentices. 3) And they passed down Lord
Nhadri's teachings anto their apprentices, even as they them-
selves were taught. 4) They taaght of the hammer and the
flame and of the Soalforge Rites. 5) In time, each of the ap-
prentices of the Three took of themselves to make a coin. 6)
Their Master bound that coin on a chain and commanded them
towear it all their days. 7) And so they did, and it was good.

8) The Three took anto themselves new names. 9) Those
names were Ferram, Smoke and Macabah, and they were not
Known by their old names any longer. to) The Three set to
forging as wetl and created the Treasures of the Gaild. 11)
They created the Sickle and the Rook and the Masks, and
Macabah, who was Nhadri's favorite, retrieved from him the
Chain. 12) Nhadri gave her the Chain, yet never again did

they speak. 13) For there was corraption in the tand. 14) Not
from Nbadri's apprentices, not from their apprentices, bat
from the apprentices beyond, who Knew not the craft.

15) They styled themselves as being of the hammer, yet
they knew the hammer not. 16) They called themselves chil-
dren of the flame, yet they Knew the flame not. 17) So they
forged like children, and their work was like anto the work
of infants. 13) Many were the soals that they rained, and
great was the work that came to naaght because of their
blasphemy. 19) For blasphemy it was, the defiling of the
forge and the flame within. 20) And the people cried oat to
Nhadri for succor. 21) For seven years they cried oat anto
him, yet he heeded them not, as he was at the forge.

22) On the first day of the eighth year, he lifted ap his
ear to the cry of the people, and heard their lamentations. 23)
Great was their (amenting, and many were the causes of their
sorrow. 24) Por their castles had fatten, and their swords had

Chapter Two: The Hammer of the Damned 21

oy


Nhudri by this time had trained his apprentices and lost
interest in them, believing them sufficiently qualified to
handle their own affairs. He returned to his own work, leav-
ing the Three to take on new names and set themselves up as
the heads of what became the Artificers' Guild.

qhe Golden Age

The Three, adopting the somewhat pretentious pseud-
onyms Ferrum, Smoke, and Macabah, did not wait long to
start inducting apprentices of their own. As the Legions
marched onward they needed more and more weapons, and
more and more smiths were needed to arm the soldiers of the
conquering Empire. The Three were happy to oblige, provided
that the new smiths were properly trained to respect their el-
ders. The instructions that Nhudri handed down were codi-
fied into what came to be known as the Book of Nhudri and
were slathered with sufficient pomp and ceremony to impress
even the most cynical new apprentice. Ferrum forged the
Sickle, Macabah retrieved the Chain from Nhudri, and Smoke
created the scroll that contained the words of the Book. Smoke
also forged the Masks of the Three, polished and featureless
soul-steel visages that were invested with a variety of Arcanoi.

It was at this time that the Three came to the more or
less simultaneous conclusion that apprentices meant power.
They began an almost comical race to induct as many follow-

ers as possible under their respective banners, anda great many
underqualified souls were inducted into the Society of the
Hammer, as it was then known. What followed was catastro-
phe. Half-trained, half-talented soulforgers indiscriminately
took anyone they could find to their anvils, often botching
their smithing and ruining souls to no gain. Weapons were
half-forged and screamed in the hands of the men that held
them. Buildings tumbled to spectral earth as their supports
twisted and writhed under the strain.

Eventually, news of the failures made its way to Nhudri's
forge, in which he had barricaded himself for over a hundred
years. Ina rage, he took his hammer and strode onto the streets
of Stygia, looking for those who sullied his craft. They were
easy to find.

The Day of Nhudri's Rage, as it has been called, really
had little effect on the Guild in terms of numbers. While
Nhudri is estimated to have taken somewhere between 40
and 50 of the false Artificers back to his forge, there to be
subjected to the torments they had inflicted upon others, by
this time the Guild's roster could be numbered over a thou-
sand. The was more important as an it revealed the direction
the Guild would take. Many of the incompetent smiths slunk
out of the Guild. Others, terrified or shamed into compli-
ance, actually applied themselves to their craft. The quality
of smithcraft improved, Nhudri returned to his forge, and the
Three had apparently learned their lesson.


1

A as

been beaten down by their enemies. 25) Their labors were laid
vaste, and there was desolation in the land. 26) So Nhadri
vent into the streets and saw there a man, and he said anto
the man, "Wherefore dost thou cry oat to me for aid? Who has
brought this desolation?" 27) The man said, "Thy children's
children's children, great Nhadri. They have done this. 25)
They have laid waste to my labor and defiled thy work."

29) Nhadri heard this and fellinto a rage. So great was
his rage that the Gates of Stygia did crack at the sound,

QOhapter LIT

1) The Gaild was parified, and once again the fires
barned brightly in the forges. 2) The labor performed
therein was pleasing anto Nhadri, and his blessing was apon
the whole Guild. 3) Others came, marveled at the Gaild, and
asked for the teachings of Nhadri that they might join in
the brotherhood of those who stood at the forge. 4) Bat the
Three would not tet them join in the worship of smoke and
steel, for they were not worthy. 5) So the others went off in
search of new teachings, for they were not strong enough
or wise enough to bear the teachings of Nhadri. 6) Many
found other teachings, and these became the Younger
Guilds. 7) The Gounger Guilds nambered 12, and they were
the seekers of learning who found it in light. 8) And some

and Charon hid himself within his Citadel for fear 30) And
Nhadri took himself to the false forges and gathered ap
those who defiled his work. 3 1) From Stygia to the farthest
end of the lands of men did he wath, and not one blasphemer
escaped him. 32) The blasphemers were taken to his forge
and for their panishment were given to the hammer and
flame. 33) This vas the Day of Nhadri's Rage, and it was
good. 34) For the blaspheming ceased, and those who had
defiled the forge vere panished.

found (earning in darkness, and these became the Lesser
Gailds. 9) Bat over them all was the Eldest Gaild, that which
had been given the secrets of smoke and steel.

3) The other Guilds never forgot that they vere
Nhadri's teaching because they vere not worthy.
hearts grew bitter with hatred for the Eldest Gaild, and se-
cretly they made war apon as. to) Bat becaase their caase vas
anworthy, they tarned apon each other like dogs, cach snap-
ping atits neighbor 11) For many years did the dogs quarrel,
and quarrel with as also, yet Nhadri smiled apon as. 12) Por
oar enemies sued as for peace, and Lo! we were stronger than
we had ever been, yet they were weakened by their long years
of straggte against the righteous. 13) They sued as for peace,

23

sed


qhe New Guilds

The next few centuries passed relatively slowly. Stygia
reinvented itself in feudal form, and the Society followed suit,
becoming a Guild. During this period various other Guilds
emerged, evolving from the debris of ancient secret societies
just as the Artificers rose from the Society of the Hammer.
These other organizations ranged from the mystically aloof
(The Oracles) to the appallingly common (The Haunters).
Several found themselves in the same sort of symbiotic rela-
tionship with Stygia that the Artifi Guilds like the
Mnemoi, the Proctors, the Pardoners, and the Solicitors
(known by different names) all provided services to the Em-
pire in exchange for status, power, and wealth. However, as
the wealth of the realm still flowed from the forges of the
Attificers, there quickly developed an antipathy between the
soulforgers and their fellow servants of Stygia. The unofficial
conflict, known prosaically as the War of the Guilds, lasted
from 1096 to 1354, and while there certainly were never any
open hostilities on the streets of the Isle during that time, a
great many wraiths found their way to the Void because of
the conflict.

Oddly enough, while the entire conflict was sparked by a
desire to remove the Artificers from power, it wound up mak-
ing them stronger. The conflict between Guilds produced a
fair number of "accidents" that needed to be disposed of, and
the forges were the obvious solution. All of the Guilds wound
up indebted to the Artificers (save the bizarre Mnemoi) and
no better off than they were before. A cessation of hostilities
only made sense, and in 1354 the Compact of Guilds was
ratified by the 13 major Guilds. The Mnemoi were excluded
from the signing, and neither the Solicitors nor the Alche-
mists were regarded highly enough to be invited to sign. The
other 13 Guilds, however, were party to the agreement, which
helped shape the direction Stygia took until the breaking of
the Guilds.

Simply put, the Compact called for an end to the con-
flict among Guilds. A Council of Guilds was to be formed,
and this body would adjudicate any disagreements between
the Guilds. And the Artificers, as the Eldest Guild, would be
granted leadership of the Compact and the Council. It is worth
noting that the representative of the Masquers, violently op-
posed to granting pride of place to the Artificers, disappeared
during the negotiations and was replaced by a pro-Artificer
candidate who sported a stunning new soul-steel blade.

qhe Coup and the Breaking

However the result was achieved, the Council did serve
to unify the Guilds as a political force. While they bickered
among themselves, the Guilds presented a united face to the
rest of Stygia. While they never quite equaled the Deathlords
in power or prestige, the leaders of the Guilds towered over


|

and ve granted it to them. 14) And they in their wisdom, which
they (earned late, granted anto as that which was oars by right
as the Eldest. 15) Dominion over the Guilds they offered as
for peace, and though we had that Dominion, yet we still
granted them peace. 16) Po ers should always be gracious
tothose younger than themselves; this is the path of wisdom.

18) Lo, all the Guilds gathered ander the banner of the
hammer and forge, for we as Eldest did lead them. 19) And
the Deathlords did bow to their wishes, and Charon did ac-
cede, for the children of Nhadri were righteous. Bat the
rabble clamored in the streets. 20) Those who listened to false
prophets and those who denied the teachings of Nhadri; their
voices were heard in the Iron City, and none rose ap to smite
the blasphemers. 21) Those who bowed to no man, they en-
tered the city as well and called themselves Renegade, and
they stirred ap rebetlion. 22) In the midst of the clamor, the
voices of the Three were heard, and they asked, "Who is the
king who vill (ead as from this discord? For surely the endis
nigh, when the rabble and the carsed of the earth do march
and shoat, and none will silence them." 23) So the Three, who
were righteous in the ways of Nhadri, vent unto Charon and
demanded that he give over his dominion, that one who coald
silence the rabble might take his place.

Qhapter LV

1) Charon heard the trath in their words, yet he liked it
not.2) So he made to seize them, but there came a great wind
that bore them away to the place where they stamber still,
antil the day the oceans shall drain into the Labyrinth, and
Stygia shall be a City on a Hill for all the nations of the
world. 3) Then shatl they retarn, and be priests anto Nhadri
that the righteous may rate. 4) Bat Charon was not satisfied
that he had caused the Three to vanish, and he desired to
banish all of their children as well. 5) So he made a decree,
and the decree cast the righteous from Stygia. 6) No more
coald they come anto the great Gaildhall, no more coald they
hold the hammer. 7) And Charon made to set blasphemers in
their places, to labor at the forges withoat having performed
the sacred Rites. 8) Many did fear Nhadri's wrath that day,
and when the anbelievers went to work at the forge, the
flames vould not heed them. 9) Nor could they work the ham-
ner, for it grew hot in their hands and woatd not saffer them
to toach it. 10) So Charon was shown the error of his ways
and called back those who had performed the Rites. 11) det
in his pride he would not permit the retarn to the Gaildhatl,
and he called those who held the Treasures Renegades.

12) And a new Three came forward, and they bore in
their arms the Treasures. 13) They took the mantles of those
who had come before them and wore them in righteousness
and glory. 14) Under them the Rites were observed once
more, and the flames danced in gladness. Under them a re-
tarn to glory was prophesied and a casting oat of those who
had banished the Guild from Stygia.


the rest of the Stygian population. But change was coming,
as Heretic and Renegade unrest grew. Certain Guildmasters,
the Three among them, saw the situation as an opportunity
to seize power from Charon's obviously loosening grasp. On
April 6, 1598, the Guilds, led by the Artificers, attempted a
coup d'etat. It failed miserably, and while their names do not
appear in the list of executions following the uprising, it can
be stated with little doubt that the Three were destroyed dur-
ing the fighting.

Charon, perhaps understandably, decided that entirely
too much power was concentrated outside of his hands, and
the Guilds provided a focal point for that power. He deter-
mined, therefore, to remove that focal point and instituted
the decree that banished the Guilds from Stygia.

The Decree of the Breaking is a simple document. It states
that the Guilds are outlawed in Stygian lands, that belonging
toa Guild is a crime, that the Guilds were by Charon's decree
dissolved, and that Legionnaires would be instructed to take
the place of the Guild members within Stygian society.
Charon's decree was, in its own way, as misguided and preor-
dained to fail as the coup. The Guilds, banished but still very
real, hamstrung his efforts to replace them. After a mere 20
years, Charon abandoned the experiment and reinstated
"former" Guild members under the condition that they swore
on Siklos that they had renounced the Guilds. The fiction
that the Guilds were destroyed was maintained, however, and
eventually the general populace of Stygia grew to believe it.

During the revolt and banishment, the Guild underwent
tremendous upheaval. The Three vanished, to be replaced
by a new triumvirate; they did their best to instill the doc-
trine of the Cult of Nhudri in their constituents. Smiths at-
tached to the Legions were instructed to train their replace-
ments poorly or to sabotage their work. Rumors were spread
about unsafe soul-steel, forged by Charon's replacement smiths
that took its owner straight into the Labyrinth. Artifice and
deception won out. Guild members were reinstated, though
officially they were now freewraiths, not Guild members.

This period of upheaval coincided with the beginning of
the scientific leaps forward that culminated in the Informa-
tion Age we dwell in. Nhudri and certain of his spiritual de-
scendants were keeping track of the advancements of mortal
mechanics and learned how to duplicate them using Stygian
steel. These knowledges he passed out freely to the Artifi-
cers, and the creation of Artifacts became a major function
of the Guild in society. Furthermore, by creating these Arti-
facts, wraiths learned their workings well enough to Inhabit
them in the realms of the living, and the modern arts of In-
habit began to evolve.

Years of Secrecy

The official Stygian policy that there were no more Guilds
actually worked to the Artificers' benefit. When once the
Guild had been seen as a menace, the individual soulforgers
and tinkerers were now seen as necessary to maintain society.
Hardened Legionnaires who had fought against the Guild
during the failed coup sang the praises of their unit's smith,
who was one of the guys after all. The Hammerboys, as they
became derisively known (despite an increasing female mem-
bership), were seen as harmless, as long as one stayed within
increasingly harsh Stygian law. The threat of the forge, while
never used by actual Hammerboys, was used as a weapon to
keep the populace in line. The Artificers themselves were
not feared; what they could do was.

Charon's disappearance had less effect on the Guild than
one might think. Apparently the Guild leadership felt that
testing the leadership of the Deathlords immediately after such
a tragic loss would be counterproductive. Indeed, their restraint
is almost enough to make one wonder if Charon's propaganda
was correct: that the Guild had gone the way of the dodo.

Computers

The only recent development in the arts of Artifice con-
cerns electronics and computers. Certain of the arts related
to Inhabit (which your author is privileged to know) involve
the operation of simple devices. Refinement of these tech-
niques, as well as the entirely new paradigm espoused by the
computer generation, allowed the traditional arts to be trans-
planted to this brave new world of circuits, chips, and elec-
tronics. Naturally this caused certain schisms within the
Guild, as those who prefer to "surf the net" and those who
prefer to hammer souls rarely have much in common.

Of course, much of this is hearsay, as the Guild is more
secretive these days. Much of the most recent information with
which I have worked comes from the accounts of former Guild
members, generally of the computer orientation. According
to these escapees from the Guild, the friction between old
guard and young turks within the Guild is real, but certainly
resolvable. Many of the fugitives claim that the Guild is mov-
ing again to reassert itself in Stygia and that they are in mor-
tal danger for having left the Guild. Obviously, one cannot
get a statement from the spokesperson for a supposedly mythi-
cal organization, but the hints are so tantalizing that we are
standing on the verge of a new renaissance on the part of one
of Stygia's most venerable and most potent organizations.


1) Nhadri (abored still at his forge, and new wonders
were broaghtanto him. 2) Machines and engines they were
called, the labors of mortal men. 3) And Nhadri by his di-
vine grace Knew the souls of the machines. All were as toys
to his touch, and those who served him saw his power as he
crafted the new Artifacts that none of the Restless had
seen before. 4) Great was Nhadri's knowledge and his -
dom. 5) So he shared his knowledge, in his wisdom, with
those who labored in the forges. 6) For Nhadri had not for-
gotten his children, though they vere banished, and he
gave his Knowledge anto them. 7) The secrets of forging
machines and the paths to their secret hearts; all this he
taaghtas.

Ohapter

3) So we labored in silence and in secrecy, antil the Mael-
strom came. 9) From the seas came the instrament of ven-
geance, called Gorool by those who Knew not its purpose. to)
Itcame as a spirit of vengeance and as the staff of the righ-
teous, for it came to smite Charon for his sins against the righ-
teous. 1 1) Long was their battle, and righteousness triamphed.
12) For Charon slew the beast, yet was stain in tarn. 13) And
the Deathtords rated in his stead, and the sons of the forge
waited. 14) There shatlcome a day when hall retarn in steel
and glory. 15) And Nhadri shall embrace his children, thoagh
forget that we are his. 16) The Three shall awaken, and
those who observe the Rites shall be crowned with soul-steet
and shall dwell in the light of the flames forever.

27

Chapter Two: The Hammer of the Damned



Chapter Three:
‘The Guild inside and Ou

As the oldest of the Guilds, the Artificers hold a unique place
in Stygian society. On one hand, they are the upholders of tradi-
tion within the community of freeguilds, and indeed are the most
traditional and regimented in their practices and rituals. On the
other hand, the Guild's very existence is a calculated act of rebel-
lion against the Hierarchy and the word of Charon, who suppos-
edly "broke" the Artificers centuries ago. It is a fascinating para-
dox, and one that when examined illuminates several seemingly
mysterious aspects of greater Stygian society...

From Talking Steel: A History of the Artificers' Guild

The Guilds Place

The Hierarchy

status while preventing their activities from being examined
too closely by neighbors on the lookout for the banned Guilds.
It is tolerated and even expected in Charon's empire that
Stygian citizens should know an Arcanos or three, and mere
knowledge of a Guild's specialty is no longer considered suffi-
cient evidence to convict a wraith of Guild membership. After
all, the Guilds were banished, and belonging to one techni-
cally makes one a Renegade. As only thralls, criminals and
Spectres are eligible to be forged, there remains the ironic
possibility that an Artificer may be arrested for his Guild mem-
bership and promptly be melted down by a fellow Artificer.

he Artificers' Guild? Disbanded and broken
400 years ago. Any other stupid questions?
— Jeanine Clodius, Anacreon of
Fate, Milwaukee Necropolis
They may have their heads up their butts,
but they're disciplined about it. Gotta admire
that discipline.
— Howard Desmond, Journeyman, 13th Division, Em-
erald Legion

Inhabit is one of the more perilous Arcanoi to know in
Stygia. It lends itself to interfering with the living in obvious
ways, particularly in the computer age. Most Artificers keep
their Inhabit abilities under wraps and display only their tal-
ent for soulforging. The various Deathlords, as well as the

Not everyone in Hierarchy territory is a member of a
Guild, and most wraiths in Stygian lands are firmly convinced
that the Guilds don't exist. This makes life easier for mem-
bers of the Artificers' Guild, as they maintain their exclusive

monolithic bureaucracy of the Hierarchy, consider it wise to
keep a few Inhabit experts on staff for purposes of pirating
data from systems, but for the most part, Artificers in Hierar-
chy territory keep their heads down. Many are attached to

Chapter Three: The Guild Inside and Out 29


Legions as weaponsmiths and as such enjoy a limited immu-
nity in case they are caught practicing the dreaded Arcanos
Inhabit. However, a Stygian Artificer who talks too openly
of the Guild will either be arrested by the authorities or si-
lenced by Guild elders.

The opinion held by most of the Deathlords' subjects is
that the Guilds are history, not current events. It is less likely
that the Deathlords themselves are fooled, but for now they
seem content to let the fiction that Charon's ruling was
forced stand unquestioned. As for the soulforgers in the Le-
gions, they are seen as an integral part of the Stygian mili-
tary-industrial complex, and they are actively encouraged to
recruit others so that the supply of soulsmiths remains high.
Undue famili secretiveness between soulforgers is gen-
erally taken as a professional matter by most in the Stygian
military and is rarely questioned.

qhe Renegades

The Artificers' Guild? I dunno. Claudia here does most of
our soulforging, and she's never said anything about a Guild. She's
cool, though. You want to ask her? No? That's cool.

— Joel Glass, voting member, Northampton Autono-
mous Souls Collective

30 Artificers

They're certainly more energetic than the Hierarchy. How-
ever, they're also more chaotic, and only a properly ordered soci-
ety can hope to stand against Oblivion

— Chauncey Tinker, Forgemaster, Leicester Necropolis

The Renegades present a thorny problem for the Artifi-
Guild. Technically, the entire Guild from the top down
is a Renegade organization, for by merely existing the Guild
defies the will of Charon. On the other hand, the Guild is an
organization structured firmly around tradition and hierar-
chical structure. It seeks to place itself in power in Stygia, not
to tear Stygian power down.

cl

Attificers affiliated with Renegade bands tend to be a bit
looser about flaunting their abilities. Indeed, most Renegade
groups actively encourage the use of Inhabit, as computer
savvy is one of their few areas of clear-cut advantage over the
Hierarchy. The problem most Renegade Artificers face is that
they are under constant pressure to teach their skills to other,
non-Guild rebels. As the Guild elders are noticeably intoler-
ant of Guild arts being taught to outsiders, this often leaves
Renegade Artificers between a rock and a hard place.

Of more concern are non-Guild wraiths who teach In-
habit or soulforging. Many ex-Guild members and wraiths
with Guild skills but no Guild affiliation seek cover with
Renegade groups. The Guild seems inclined to let some of


these go, but those who have been taught Ancient Arts or
who teach Inhabit and soulforging are certain targets for Guild
retribution if they are discovered. A sizable percentage of the
Artificers in Renegade encampments are not there out of any
sympathy for the Renegade cause, but to keep an eye out for
any runaway Artificers that the Guild wants put down.

qhe Heretics

They were blasphemers, praising Nhudri before God, and
Charon was the instrument of God's vengeance upon them. He
cast them out, he did, and they shall never be heard from again,
save in the days just before the end of the world, when all manner
of foul thing shall crawl up from the deeps.

— Deacon Kenneth Droom, First Church of Jesus Christ,
Wraith

A charming bunch, really. A bunch of religious fanatics at
each others' throats so often that the Spectres make popcorn and
watch. On the bright side, they'd probably make good patio furni-
ture.

— Thora Eimundsdottir, Apprentice, Reykjavik
Necropolis

Heretics tend either to be unaware of the Guild's exist-
ence or to see it as a vanished secular organization. A few
Heretic leaders have learned enough about the Soulforge Rites
and other Artificer practices to regard the Guild as a particu-
larly nefarious form of competition, and they look upon the
breaking of the Guilds as divine retribution for the Artifi-
cers' obvious blasphemy.

Most Heretic leaders give precisely zero thought to the
question of the Guilds. Those who do ponder the problem,
however, are among the most dogged and persistent pursuers
the Guild has. Several Heretic cults have more knowledge
about the Guild and its actual agenda than any of the Guild
elders would have dreamed possible. Fortunately for the Guild,
that information is in the hands of Heretics, whom nobody
believes anyway.

The Other Guilds

It's really difficult to form a trusting relationship with some-
one who's always staring at you with this look of — no other way
to put it — appraisal in their eyes. On the other hand, they tend to
have absolutely marvelous senses of rhythm. Must have some-
thing to do with the hammers.

— Roger Reynard, Initiate, Chanteurs' Guild

The Artificers' relationship with the other Guilds is col-
ored by the fact that the Artificers are the oldest Guild; there-
fore they claim certain privileges for themselves. Nor are they
shy about reminding others that that their Guild predates
any of the others, and the constant reminders wear on the
nerves of Guilds like the Spooks, Haunters, and Usurers.

Admittedly it is primarily the older wraiths of the Guild who
harp on this supposed superiority, but fairly or unfairly the
entire Guild has been tarred with the brush of arrogance.

Their ambition is naked and raw, and by overreaching them-
selves they will bring destruction upon us all. It has already been
written.

— Hermia Matsoukis, Oracle of Athens

Another difficulty in matters between the Artificers and
other Guilds is the fact that there is a very real fear of the
Hammerboys in most other wraiths, many of whom were
threatened with the forge if they so much as breathed a bad
word about a Deathlord. While such threats aren't quite as
effective among avowed rebels like the other Guilds, the
knowledge that the Artificer you're plotting with today could
be hammering you into a washtub tomorrow without blink-
ing an eye certainly puts a damper on any potential for friendly
socializing.

Ofall of the younger Guilds, it is probably the Pardoners
that the Artificers respect most. The two Guilds are in a similar
position, being purveyors of something that Stygia cannot do
without. As such, they share a unique perspective on the
Hierarchy, one that less "essential" Guilds such as the
Sandmen and Puppeteers lack. The Harbingers also garner
respect from the Artificers, as do the Oracles. However, the
Oracular predilection for intoning doom-laden prophecies in
response to any plan an Artificer hatches does not bring the
two Guilds closer together.

The younger Guilds take their direction from us. We have a
duty and an obligation to lead them back out of banishment into
our rightful places in Stygia. Fortunately, so far they seem to be
listening to us.

— Masterforger Brigid Noonan, Artificers' Guild

qhe Artfcers and the Alchemists

It's like dealing with your parents. They start you out, they
give you everything you need, and they do their best to protect
you. Eventually, though, they end up bugging the hell out of you
and it's time to move on. That's what it was like with the Artifi-
cers. They were bugging the hell out of us. So we moved on.

— Vladimir Kruglyak, Journeyman Alchemist

The Alchemists, offshoots of the Artificers, occupy an
ambiguous place in the councils of the Guild. On the one hand,
many of the elder smiths can never forgive the so-called be-
trayal of the Alchemists, and many of the Cult of Nhudri fa-
natics want nothing to do with anyone who abandoned the
sacred way. On the other hand, when the Guilds were puta-
tively equal under Charon there was much cooperation between
the two in the research of new arts. Furthermore, when the
Guilds were driven from Stygia, many of the Alchemists were
sheltered by Artificers with political connections. Clearly, some
affection and some affinity remains, though the Alchemists are

Chapter Three: The Guild Inside and Out 31

not considered socially equal to the Thirteen original Guilds.
Still, one gets the definite impression that most Artificers would
rather talk to an Alchemist than a Spook or a Haunter.

Guild Structure and Ritual

Now that I'm dead, I can finally make a living.
— French, Frith, Kaiser, and Thompson, "Now That I
Am Dead"

The Hierarchy ofthe Guid

hile the Artificers' Guild predates the
medieval craft organizations that eventu-
ally lent the organization its name, the
structure of the Guild has evolved to re-
flect that of an artisans' society. It has not
evolved past that point, however, becat

there
construction, with more powerful wraiths protecting younger
ones in exchange for loyalty. Elders of the Guild are very pro-
tective of their Apprentices and Journeymen, at least until
they become skilled enough to challenge the elders for power.
Still, there is an undeniable community to the Artificers'

e

s an undeniably feudal strain to its

Guild, and Guild loyalty easily transcends any other. The
shared bond of the Soulforge Rites supersedes any oath of
loyalty to God, country, or Stygia.

qhe Three Ancients

The Book of Nhudri claims that the first Artificer took to
himself three apprentices, who formed what eventually became
the Guild. While the names of the Three are recorded in the
Book of Nhudri, there is no record of their having been de-
stroyed or succumbed to Oblivion, and they have not made an
appearance since the breaking of the Guild. It has been openly
speculated that Charon took the opportunity of the breaking
to destroy these three potent beings who had sworn fealty not
to him, but to Nhudri. There is no proof to back up this wild

speculation, but neither is there any evidence to contradict it.

The Second Three

With the Three Ancients vanished, the Guild structure
quickly replaced them. the positions of Master of Appren-
tices, Keeper of the Chain, and Guardian of the Forge, all of
which had been important enough positions beforehand, as-
sumed new importance. It is these three who make the final
decisions as to the Guild's

"Guildmaster" is maintained to keep others guessing.

directions, though the fiction of a

©: Ce
s aRe. =
Nat eg


The Master of Apprentices is in charge of directing the
training each new Artificer receives, and while it is impossible
for Lord Ember to see to each new arrival personally, he dic-
tates the course of study for every Apprentice. The Keeper of
the Chain, Lady Alais Capet, holds all of the ritual items of
the Guild and steers the course of the Cult of Nhudri. Hugh
Gannon, the Guardian of the Forge, is the master of soulfire
and supposedly can look into any forge anywhere by staring
into the flames in his own workshop. These three, or their
duly appointed representatives, also perform the initiation for
each of the new Apprentices. While the Council of Masters
has certain advisory powers and commands absolute obedience
from the Journeymen, the true power rests with these three.

The Council of Masters

Forgemasters or Masterforgers (the titles are interchange-
able) are the most highly skilled and potent Artificers, save
only Nhudri and the Threes. Many are scattered with Legions
or in Necropoli the world over, serving to oversee all of the
lesser Artificers in their jurisdictions. The others, primarily those
who dwell on the Isle of Sorrows, form the Council of Masters.

The Council is actually open to all Master-class Artifi-
cers, but only those who dwell in the City attend on a regular
basis. While it holds no real power over the direction of the
Guild itself, it controls the fates and assignments of the Jour-

neymen of the Guild. Furthermore, the Council makes those
executive decisions that keep the Guild functioning on a daily
basis. All promotions from Apprentice and Journeyman ranks
are decided here, and the death sentences of those who flee
the Guild are also ratified by the Council.

At present there are 37 Masterforgers who regularly sit
on the Council, though several hundred others are eligible
(and often show up when matters that affect the Guild as a
whole are discussed). Full Council meetings tend to attract
the attention of the Three and are exercises in controlled
chaos. Many of the Masterforgers of the Guild are older than
at least one of the Three and aren't shy about expressing their
displeasure at certain policy decisions.

Journeymen

Journeymen (the term covers both genders, as well as
those wraiths who have Moliated themselves into something
asexual) are those Artificers who have passed through the
Soulforge Rites, served their Apprenticeships, and been
deemed worthy of their own forges. Artificers who specialize
in computer or electronic work often find it more difficult to
reach Journeyman status and almost impossible to ascend to
Masterforger. This prejudice on the part of the older wraiths
is starting to fade, but it is still a very real phenomenon. Jour-
neymen are often attached to smaller Necropoli, military

33


units, and intelligence-gathering services. A Journeyman will
also often have one to three Apprentices at various stages in
their training in his care. A great deal of a wraith's status
within the Guild is determined by how many of his Appren-
tices complete the Soulforge Rites. A new Apprentice who
performs her Rites stoically and efficiently is a credit to her
teacher (called a Master or Mistress by the Apprentice only),
while one who cries out or botches the ritual can bring dis-
grace on a wraith for centuries.

Apprentices

Apprentices are those Artificers who have not yet been
awarded their own forges. As the granting of the forge is largely
ceremonial and takes place immediately after the Soulforge
Rites, Apprentices are essentially those Artificers who have
not yet gone through the Rites. The education of an Appren-
tice is slanted somewhat by the experience of her teacher,
which means that more and more young Artificers are being
trained in the computer arts as more and more users of those
arts become Journeymen and take on Apprentices.
Apprentices are at the beck and call of their teachers,
and pity any Apprentice who falls into the hands of a teacher
who intends to take full advantage of his privileges. Appren-
ticeship can take anywhere from 1 to 50 years, though the
latter is extremely rare. The average is three to five, but this
is diminishing as less and less emphasis is put on the back-
breaking labor of preparing a forge and more and more em-
phasis is put on electronic communication and computers.
Just as teachers are territorial about their students, Ap-
prentices are possessive of their teachers. Wraiths who shared
the same teacher will usually be willing to extend each other
favors. This holds true even if one is a Master and the other isa
rank Apprentice. Loyalty to a teacher and the Guild runs deep.

Those Outside the Guild

There are a great many wraiths outside of the Artificers' Guild
who have knowledge of, practice, or teach the Inhabit Arcanos.
Most do so ona very small scale and keep their activities to them-
selves. Indeed, many wraiths come to the Shadowlands with an
innate knowledge of Inhabit, and were the Guild to attempt to
claim or destroy all of these souls, many Necropoli would be-
come figurative, rather than literal ghost towns.

It is the blatant few, the Renegades who hack systems
without going through proper channels, the wraiths who set
up unauthorized soulforges and take apprentices without Guild
approval; these are the cancers that the Guild actively seeks
to excise. Many are actually offered the chance to join the

Artificers


Guild; those who accept "disappear" into its ranks. This serves
the twofold purpose of ending unauthorized activities and
spreading the legend of the Guild's wrath among those who
are in the know. A Renegade who accepts the Guild's offer of
amnesty may find herself moved from Detroit to Dallas, but
as far as the other local freelance soulforgers are concerned,
she just disappeared. Of course, the Guild often seeks to de-
stroy those wraiths who are contacted but refuse the offer of
membership. Usually, the Guild is successful.

There is no mercy, however, for the wraiths who were
members of the Guild but who turned their back on it. Ap-
prentices are often let go, as they have not yet learned any-
thing that would warrant the effort of tracking them down.
Journeymen and above, however, especially those who have
learned Ancient Arts, invoke a response that is frightening
in its intensity. The Guild has eyes everywhere, from the Le-
gions to the Renegade camps, and can offer great wealth to
those who help it. After all, what's another few oboli to the
men who own the mint? Bribes of Artifacts and oboli are usu-
ally sufficient inducement to get the staunchest ally to turn
in an ex-Artificer on the run.

The Cult of Nhudr

The Cult of Nhudri does not officially exist. It is not
recognized, either inside or out of the Guild, and if Nhudri
himself were aware of its existence, he would be appalled.
However, there persist within the Guild those who see truth
in the Soulforge Rites and the associated writings and who
insist that Lord Nhudri is a sort of divine being.

The actual number of Guild members who are Cult of
Nhudri fanatics is relatively small. Most Artificers are affected
tosome degree by the sheer power of their initiation ceremony,
and certainly there is something potent in the notion of a
ritual that has been handed down over two millennia. How-
ever, very few actually accept the words of the initiation cer-
emony as gospel. These few tend to be extremely vocal within
the Guild, and very closemouthed outside of it. Most non-
Nhudrite Artificers have found that it's not worth their while
to argue with a Cultist, so while internal Guild discussions do
take on a decidedly Cultist tone, that isn't quite an accurate
representation of the actual mood of the room.

There are few known rituals that are unique to the Cult-
ists, as opposed to being performed by all Guild members. Per-
haps the most noticeable is the Riteday ceremony, which all
Cultists regard as sacred. Once a year, on the anniversary of
her initiation, a Cultist will take off the coin she forged dur-
ing her Soulforge Rites and once again place it over the flames.
Most Artificers never remove their token, let alone return it


to the fire for even a brief time. Cultist Artificers can be iden-
tified by their blackened and burned tokens, so unlike the sil-
ver-gray of those of all other Artificers. Then again, non-Guild
members almost never see the tokens in the first place.

It is hardly surprising that Cultists are among the most
militant of the Artificers, particularly as regarding punish-
ments for ex-Guild members. Any act counter to the well-
being of the Guild is counter to the word of Nhudri, they
believe, and any action counter to the word of Nhudri is blas-
phemy. Cultists also tend to make very productive soulsmiths.

Nhudri

While Nhudri bears the title Grand High Artificer, he
steadfastly maintains that it was not his idea. For over a thou-
sand years, his day-to-day interaction with the Guild has been
minimal. Apart from sharing new techniques for manufactur
ing Artifacts with Artificers he deems worthy of his attention,
Nhudri's active impact on the Guild has been infinitesimal since
the day he forged the false smiths. Nevertheless, Nhudri stands
as a symbol of all that is good about Artifice and soulforging to
the Stygian public. The Guild hides, with his tacit assent, in
the shadows cast by the goodwill the citizenry has for him.

During the past two centuries, Nhudri has once again
begun to take apprentices. Nhudri deliberately keeps these
new students from enrolling in the Guild, which frustrates
Ember to no end. However, no matter how many secrets any
of Nhudri's apprentices share with the general public, the
Guild absolutely will not move against them. Even those who
don't hold Nhudri in religious awe have a healthy respect for
his power and rage.

The World of Darkness

raiths in general tend not to have much
to do with the rest of the World of Dark-
ness, though they interact far more than
many of their fellow supernatural denizens
might think. Artificers, because of their
proclivity for computers and machinery,
come into a great deal of contact with Kin-
dred, Garou, and others who ride the Webs and Nets of the
world. However, that doesn't mean Guild members don't like
to have fun with the rest of the Awakened population as well.


Vannpires
The only ones to watch out for are the ones with the bad
Italian accents. The rest of them wouldn't know a ghost from gou-
lash. Some of them have tried to climb onto the nets recently; they're
either crazy, incompetent or both.
— April Riordan, Apprentice

Garou

Be afraid. Be very, very afraid. The ones who use tech we
can fiddle with, but they have the best defenses against the arts of
anyone out there. Pretty much, they're the only ones who realize
that there are ghosts in the machines, and they want us out.

— Derek Pierce, Journeyman attached to the Skeletal
Legion, 3rd Division

Mages

There's an entire group of these idiots who rely on computers
but don't have that many defenses against us. Mind you, the Shroud
tends to be tough in places like that, but once you're in, you're in
like flint. It is sheer joy seeing the look on one of these idiots' faces
when you take his hard drive and turn it into gumbo.

There are a few clueful ones, but give them respect and everything
will be fine. The only ones to worry about are the mad scientists — get
trapped in one of their systems and you may not make it out. Around
these guys, the laws of physics are really more polite suggestions. Stay
out of their machines; you never know what you're getting into.

—Jennifer Tobin, Nomad of the nets and Renegade hacker

Changelings
They have nothing to offer us; we really can't do too much to

them. You'll be amazed at how easy it is to ignore them; they spend
more time talking to Monitors and Chanteurs, anyway.

— Lisette Beltre, Journeyman

Spectres

Show no mercy. They are fodder for the forge, and their evil
taints even the steel of their bodies. Purify them in the flames; it is
a duty to do so.

— Sir Edmund Wilkes-Smythe, Masterforger of the
Grim Legion



Chapter Four:

ing the Hammer Down

They talk of me going around and buying souls, like a fishwife
come market day, never stopping to ask themselves why. I need no
souls. And how can anyone own a soul?

— Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists

Soulforging

oulforging lies at the heart of the Artifi-
cers' Guild. Before the Inhabit Arcanos
and the Guild itself, there was the sacred
ritual of taking the soul of a human being
and turning it into a senseless, inanimate
thing. It is a moment of supreme power
for the smith, of prime importance for
those who rely on the smith's output, and of supreme agony
for the victim of the Artificer's ministrations.

That Delicate Moral Question

There is something inescapably repugnant about the forg-
ing of souls into objects. It is the worst sort of slavery to which
one can reduce a fellow human being; a dehumanizing bru-
tality with profound effects on both forger and forged. Many

Artificers find they cannot stomach their work in the forge
and either leave the Guild or transfer to other, less viscerally
disturbing lines of work. What possible moral justification
could there be for such a dehumanizing profession? On too
many, the lesson of the Soulforge Rites is lost.

The sad truth is that for many Hammerboys, there is no
justification, or even any attempt at one. Hardened to the
uncertain nature of existence in the Underworld, they ap-
proach their task as just that; a task that needs to be done,
requiring some very odd materials to be done properly. They
close their ears to the screams and tell themselves that if they
didn't do this, someone else would. Such smiths are usually
merciful, if such a word can be applied, and labor as quickly
as possible to minimize the pain of their victims.

Other, truly despicable souls actually enjoy the torment
they put others through. The moment at which a conscious-
ness is obliterated once and for all is a powerful narcotic for
certain personalities, who will come to the forge as often as
they can in search of their fix. Many of the most and least
efficient soulforgers are of this sort. The former seek the mo-


ment as often as possible and thus work souls through as
quickly as they can so they can get to their next victim; the
latter simply take their time.

However, there are some good and noble souls, from
Nhudri on down, who labor in the forges and yet are neither
callous nor sadistic. It is their belief, or in some cases their
hope, that they are actually doing the souls in their care a
favor by hammering them into obliviousness. While the be-
lief has never formally been codified, it can be summed up as
follows: soulforging purifies a soul by literally burning out its
Shadow. The selfish Shadow cannot endure time over the
flames and flees to Oblivion rather than suffer. While the
remaining soul is doomed to a term as an inanimate object,
there is hope even for these. It has been noted by many wraiths
that even soulforged Artifacts tend to break down after a few
centuries, leading to speculation on a sort of soul "half-life."
Many Artificers have embraced the notion wholeheartedly
and claim that the souls that they hammer, once they have
broken down completely in a century or three, can go unen-
cumbered by their Shadows straight to Transcendence.

Many other wraiths, particularly those who have been
threatened with the forge, view this belief as pollyana-ish
hogwash, but in one form or another it has endured through
the centuries. Furthermore, even the most robust cynic can-
not help occasionally hoping that it's true.

Process and System

Soulforging is a delicate and dangerous process, and the
wraith who attempts it without proper preparation and skill
can lose a great deal more than just valuable raw materials.
After all, soulsmiths are hammering the souls of human be-
ings, and the slightest bit of pleasure taken in this activity
can open the door for a wraith's Shadow to seize control of
them.

To forge a soul into something useful, a smith starts with
soulfire (see Wraith: The Oblivion for more details on
soulfire) and a pair of tongs. The Corpus of the wraith in-
tended for forging is held over, not in, the flames of pure Pa-
thos until his outlines begin to sag and melt. Corpus that is
held in the flames, while still workable, suffers Corpus dam-
age and thus can be lost to a Harrowing. Corpus held over
the flames softens and becomes malleable, but at no risk of
dissolution.

When the Corpus has softened enough to be easily mal-
leable, it is placed on the soulforger's anvil and hammered
with a specially made instrument of Stygian steel. Ordinary
soul-steel cannot withstand the heat necessary to melt a Cor-
pus, so the more potent metal must be used. The unfortunate
wraith is then pounded into shape, reheated as many times as
necessary until the Corpus has assumed its final form. It is
during this procedure that any additives, such as "death ore"


or raw Oblivion, are hammered into the mix. Often these
materials also need to be heated over the Pathos flames,
though this can be dangerous in the case of raw Oblivion.
Material scraped from the wall of the Labyrinth acts unpre-
dictably in the heat of Pathos. It can explode, melt, evapo-
rate, or achieve a sort of disturbing animation and attempt to
crawl away from the searing flames. "Death ore" is sedate in
comparison.

At this point, the newly forged object is plunged into a
bucket of liquid plasm, which cools and hardens it instantly.
Soulforged items that are not cooled in plasm are brittle and
often break, which is why most independent smiths produce
work inferior to that of Guild smiths; they're simply unaware
of the secret.

System: To work with souls in the forge requires a series
of rolls. The initial roll, Perception + Empathy (difficulty 7)
determines whether the smith can see a potential end prod-
uct within the Corpus she is working. If the roll is failed, the
Corpus must be set aside and another one used, as the smith
simply won't be able to do anything with that one.

Once a soulforger has determined that there is something
salvageable within the Corpus, she makes an extended series
of Dexterity + Soulforging rolls (See Chapter Five). The dif-
ficulty of the roll is the Stamina of the wraith being forged,
while the number of successes necessary depends on the type
of object being soulforged. A simple bar or wheel requires 2
successes, while a wheel mounting for an Artifact locomo-
tive would require as many as 10. A single botch during the
forging process necessitates starting the contest again. Once
three botches have been accumulated while working on a
single soul, the smith must discard that soul temporarily.
Additionally, being forced to discard a soul that has already
been worked on gives the smith a temporary Angst point.
Wraiths without the Soulforging skill can substitute Crafts,
but the difficulty of the actual forging roll will be increased
by one.

Stysian Steel (and the cheap stuff)

There are a variety of materials that can be worked with
soulfire. The two most common are pure plasm, sometimes
called soul-steel, and Stygian steel. The former is the pure
, heated and hammered. Oboli
are made from soul-steel, as are most of the weapons of the
Legions and many of the buildings and bridges of the City of
Chains. Most Artificers can only forge soul-steel, but this
material serves their purposes.

ence of human bein;

Stygian Steel is something else again. An alloy of souls,
the "death ore" that makes up the islands in the Tempest,
and the raw stuff of Oblivion scraped from the walls of the
Labyrinth, Stygian steel cuts through soul-steel with hardly a
hitch, and as such Stygian steel weapons are coveted by


vi)

Guildbook: Artificers

Deathlords and the other mighty of Stygia. It is rare that an
Attificer below Forgemaster rank is capable of working with
Stygian steel, and anyone without the requisite skill (at least
four points in Soulforging) who attempts to work with the
taw Oblivion necessary will inevitably destroy all of the ma-
terials with which he's working.

Between these two extremes lies an alloy of "death ore"
and souls that is marginally tougher and stronger than soul-
steel. Sometimes called Necropolis steel, it takes longer to
work than plain soul-steel. Many soulforgers don't consider
the extra effort worth it.

End Product

There is a relatively simple ratio between souls forged and
product produced. Every object produced up to the size of a
human being requires a single soul, though complex Artifacts
with multiple parts are often considered a single item. Every
weapon, whether it be sword, dagger, mace, or spear, is made
from a single soul. Soul matter compresses and attenuates in
odd ways, but in almost all cases the ratio is one soul per object.

Girders and other large objects sometimes require that
multiple souls be forged into them. Cases like these require
great delicacy on the part of the smith, who must convince,
using soulfire and hammer, two or more souls that they are in
fact one. If this blending of souls is successful, a seamless mass
that can then be forged is produced. Failure ruins all of the
souls involved.

boli

We'll buy you and we'll sell you

But perhaps we'll save your skin

— Marillion, "The Hollow Man"

At the heart of the Stygian economy rests the lowly
obolus, a coin forged from souls. Oboli are frequently known
to mutter or moan, causing more sensitive wraiths to refrain
from carrying them. However, as oboli are the most common
form of portable wealth in Stygian lands, it is rare to find a
soul who will not deal with them. Often oboli will be split
into slivers to serve as "change"; this is done because of the
impossibility of creating coins of smaller or larger denomina-
tions out of souls.

Oboli are valuable both as coinage and because they are
the easiest way to transport forge-ready souls. Oboli are very
easy to work with as raw materials and can be smelted down
readily into other forms without the difficulties usually at-
tendant upon reworking souls.

Each obolus contains precisely one soul, setting up an
eternal, unwavering exchange rate for goods and services. It
is for this reason that there is only one denomination of coin:
any coin forged would take the same amount of soul-matter
no matter how much it was supposedly worth.


An obolus is approximately four inches across and has a
dull gray sheen much like pewter or gunmetal. On one side is
a portrait of Charon's Mask, on the other a representation of
the Great Seal of Stygia. The edge of both sides is decorated
with geometric patterns, and small skulls rest at the cardinal
points. On one side is a legend in Greek; translated it reads
"High Court of Stygia."Any obolus is instantly recognizable
as such, and there is remarkable similarity from coin to coin,
considering how many forges they flow from.

Recognizing the impossibility of trying to control the
obolus-based economy, the Hierarchy allows any authorized
smith to make oboli so long as 20% of their output goes di-
rectly to the Isle as tithe. The Hierarchy's real control is in the
souls handed over to the smiths to be made into oboli; a
soulforger out of favor in Stygia can find himself with a license
to create oboli but no raw materials. In Legion camps there is
a very careful reckoning of how many souls go to the forge
earmarked for oboli, as opposed to how many come out as coins,
but in other places it is easier for a smith to set aside a few
coins for himself. Renegade smiths do a booming trade in "coun-
terfeit" coins, but as the obolus' real value is in its raw materi-
als, the notion of counterfeiting one is somewhat dubious.

Chains

Contrary to popular belief, the Deathlords of Stygia do
not produce the city's fabled chains by seating themselves
upon their bathroom thrones. This is propaganda, as ludi-
crous and inaccurate as the notion espoused by Japanese tac-
ticians during World War II that American soldiers would
crumble upon hearing the phrase "To hell with Babe Ruth!"
Rather, chains are painstakingly and slowly forged link by
link from souls. Relatively few soulforgers know the secret of
making chains from souls, and those who discover the secret
often find themselves turning chain out day and night.

Chain is one of the few exceptions to the "one soul, one
item" rule. Each soul hammered into chain will provide one
foot of chain for every 10 pounds she weighed in life, and a
pair of manacles.

Stygian chain can also be imbued with a unique prop-
erty. When Empowered with the Arcanos Argos, Stygian
chains or manacles actually prevent the wraith upon which
they are fixed from using that Arcanos to escape. Such chains
are fastened on valuable Artifacts or dangerous prisoners to
prevent their theft or escape, respectively.

to Net

$<4)| t has been asked how on earth the Artifi-
}} cers went from forging souls to hacking
4| security systems. The answer lies within
the soulforging process itself. At the b
ginning of each attempted soulforging, the
Artificer reaches out with her perceptions,
attempting to "feel" the patterns and
grains within their materials. It was the same "reaching out"

technique that first allowed Artificers to Inhabit machines.
Wraiths projected their consciousness outward into the ma-
chines they worked with, and by searching for those same
patterns and stresses within the Inhabited machines, they were
able to send their entire consciousness inside.

Of course, thought (and therefore consciousness, accord-
ing to some schools) is composed entirely of electrical en-
ergy, and when circuits and transistors appeared on the scene,
they provided remarkable pathways for Artificers to project
their consciousness onto. With the advent of telecommuni-
cations networks and circuit boards, the paths became even
more streamlined, and many wraiths found it easier to work
with the newer contraptions than with the old ones. From
traipsing along the electronic pathways it was a short step to
meddling with them, and from there, making them do things
they were never meant to do.



Chapter Five:
Ways and Means

Looking down on the smoke and the factories
Until the truth leaks up unseen

They see themselves in the faces of their children
And realize they too are part of the machine

— Jethro Tull, "Part of the Machine"

Ad q
< f "selected students under fearsome vows of secrecy. Those wraiths
In d it /7/ Ai potential for advancement within the Guild are those

wholare singled out to receive this additional knowledge, and

once it has been imparted, they are no longer permitted to
he Inhabit Arcanos as it is curre leave tht Guild. The Guildmasters will simply not permit any
figured in Wraith: The Oblivion igonl raith\ with knowledge of the so-called Ancient Arts to re-

: the Artificers. Most who learn these arts are con-
is in their best interests to remain with the Guild.
ers, well, the forges are always hungry.

not of the Guild is found practicing or, even
any of these abilities, the wrath of the Guild

ys
¥| most recent manifestation of whe 3
i skills of the Artificers. Admittédlyft
{| one that most younger wrait

a generation raised on ATM
Internet has little use for a talent tl
them where a blade will break or allows them to%anii
row of cuckoo clocks. So it is the uses of Inhabit that scra
data and possess vacuum cleaners that the teachers, is
those outside of the Guild, hand down to eager stude:

However, there are other and older uses of Inhabi
of which still apply today. Knowledge of some of these t4

te

Ancient Arts instead of the modern Inhabit art of an
nt level. In addition, a wraith who has already learned


k
(©) would be required to spend 6 Experience Points. A wrai
who knew Surge could take Flawsight as his second-level g
instead of Ride the Electron Highway, and an older wra
miliar with the Ancient Arts could purchase Gremlinize,

The Alchemists' Guild grew from the applications of this
cular Ancient Art, which is really a sort of modified
ight for use on devices and constructions, whether in
adowlands or the Skinlands. Flawsight allows wraiths
oli on the points where a manufactured object is most
x eak and to predict when those breaks are likely to

cand!

While the list of Ancient Arts is extensive,
it is by no means comprehensive. Players and
Storytellers are encouraged to create their own
Ancient Arts or newer uses of Arcanoi. Wraiths
with specialized backgrounds may well have
adapted Inhabit to their own peculiar circum

ances and come up with variations on the

anos that have never k seen befor

xample, the ghost of a locomotive engineer
could have developed arts relating to sensing
what lies along railroad tracks, raising or low-
ering steam pressure, or aff witches with
which he is not in direct contact. / ecom-
munications expert might find laim
an entire phone network or send a drone intel-
lect out on the Digital Web while she remained
safe in her haunt. Such additional arts should
be transferable in the same way the Ancient
Arts are, and Storytellers should take great care
in assigning levels to new arts. Beyond that,

g that the brake line is worn and
eks, and that the speedometer
will rip in a month or so. Fi-
ak in the oil pan, but it's six
pality.

ze only one machine at a
d, lets a wraith control an
Fain. the same way in which

a bi eries of simj
< : th Yates e (phe machine. Sympathy is re-
The Ancient Arts / imple mackinéggwhich cannot have any transis-

‘circuit-based cg

« ik "
Lightning's Bite
Lightning's Bite allows wraiths to'g

charge within any metal object. Anyone
affected receives a startling and painful (th¢
shock. Careful observation will reveal a
lines around the object that the wraith affect
older wraiths have no idea of what they're act

pathy is invoked through a roll of Dexterity

ulty is the local Shroud). For each additional

taith wishes to Sympathize, the same roll must

at a difficulty increased by 1. The difficulty of a

roll can never go above 9, however. Sympathy

os and 1 Willpower for the first machine affected,
additional Pathos for every device thereafter.

p wraith can use Sympathy on more devices than she

ints in Intelligence. Beyond that point, it is assumed

simply too much for any one mind to handle. Botches

e the wraith temporary Angst at a rate of one point per

otch, as well as causing the target machines to malfunction.

System: To employ Lightning's Bite, a ¥
Stamina + Inhabit (difficulty of the local Shroud).
ber of suc

Lightning's Bite is never strong enough to cause dai
Rather, three successes on a Lightning's Bite roll would i
cate that the next three times the object in question W
touched, it would give off an electric shock. A botch shocl
the wraith instead and causes one Health Level of damage.

46 Guildbook: Artificers
0 ew:


"~ Creeping Rot

Wraiths with talent in Creeping Rot have the ability to
induce a self-perpetuating weakness into a device. Objects
touched with Creeping Rot will rust, decay, and otherwise
fall apart in one to four weeks, by which time nearby objects
will be rotting as well. Objects up to 10 feet from the original
target item will be affected. This art is often used to bring
down bridges and buildings an@hto destroy automobiles in the
Skinlands. Users of Creepin, are almost automatically in
violation of the Dictum and as such are circum-
spect about using their

System: Utilizing, requires a Stamina +
Inhabit roll (difficult Shroud rating). The
more successes ob' a ot spreads. A botch
actually strengt! @
immune to furthg pulations of. mes :

epi 2 Pathos aridt

Angst point.

lof Kinesis takes 4 Py
titioner arid giv

. f
cesses indicat
ture. Each succe: t's temperature by

. The temperature
minute per success.

power of the wraith using
heated or cooled for each

illpower point the wraith
ate Kinesis. Wraiths cannot

3s
e oe ed
ect at a time, and a botch has i on ea cod
precisely the opposite effect, t@mperaturewise, of what was in- , ne fac we aes ey
tended. A botch also gives the wraith two temporary Angst points. . ics

Note: Wraiths attempting to heat or cool air may affect
one cubic yard of air for each temporary Willpower point they
possess. Heating or cooling liquids is more difficult, but one
quart of liquid can be affected for each temporary Willpower
point possessed.

L2~G t's not just the older Artificers whodhave
Sh fi| their secrets. Younger wraiths, those-with
both feet firmly planted in the Infofniatien.
Age, have developed a few tricks their el
ders never dreamed of. In ordér 16 learn
any of the New Arts, a wraith of 25 ormore
years in the Shadowlandsémust make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7), otherwise they'll fever be able to

OH grasp the concepts being explained to them. Yeunger wraiths
(at least those not cursed with the Technophobic Flaw) who

grew up ina world of SCSI drives and microchips haye no prob-
lem dealing with the particular demands of the new. technol.

* Command Line

Q and cursors moved.

ogy and have no additional difficulty in learning the New Att.
})‘structi6n will reappear on the disk from which it was origi-

Note: Command Line cannot be used to reformat disks
or delete files. The system Commanded will actively resist
this sort of activity, and the offending wraith must make a
‘Willpower roll (difficulty 6) or suffer a level of non-aggra-
vated damage.

System: Command Line costs 1 Pathos to use and re-
quires AWits + Inhabit roll (difficulty 6).
Botching Command Line gives the wraith a temporary
and freezes the system she was attempting to
tiple botched attempts on the same system might

y :
* Reconsttuction
‘Used jf conjunction with Ride the Electron Highway,

Reconstrfction is a method for wraiths to retrieve data that
has beew erased. Data that has been rescued through Recon-

| .
Nallyferased, no doubt confusing the person who originally

\ dleheted it. This art can only be used on a storage medium
Command Line lets wraiths give computers simple cme «that is currently accessed by a computer. A floppy disk or
mands directly, bypassing both keyboard and mouse. Files caf backup tape sitting out on a table cannot be Reconstructed.

be opened or closed, short phrases inputted, windows resized,


System: A wraith must have already gained access to the
target system before using Reconstruction. Once inside, the
wraith rolls Perception + Inhabit to determine what data had
been erased from the source in question (difficulty 6). Once
the wraith has decided what information she wants, Intelli-
gence + Inhabit is rolled (difficulty determined by how thor-
oughly the information has been erased). The number of suc-
cesses indicates how quickly the data is restored, but a botch
destroys an equivalent amout current data.

to use. It cannot be used
it is already full, and such

Reconstruction costs
to restore information
attempts will automati:

Wipe Me

Just as Surg
a localized, extr
ally used for ¢

pus ona single
the deviee's.s; e
the image
achieved,

er the image and
minutes and costs

difficulty of 7.
sound quality. TI
2 Pathos and 2

ww Horizontal & Vertical

A coich who con RM Fororal &Verdal con
throw any image he wants up@n the screen of a television or
monitor. While the images are static, a series of pictures up
to 15 minutes in length can be shown. No attempt to adjust
the set or monitor will have any effect on the images shown,
save turning the monitor off.

Horizontal & Vertical Control also grants limited control
of the speakers of the TV or monitor. While the sound of a sym-

phony orchestra can be recreated, any music tends to be tinny
and thin. Single voice quality, however, tends to be very good.

System: To use Horizontal & Vertical Control costs 3
Pathos and 2 Willpower, and gives the user 1 temporary Angst
point. The art requires a Wits + Inhabit roll (difficulty of 10
minus the wraith's skill at Expression). A botch, as with Hi,
Mom! gives the wraith 2 temporary Angst points and trashes
the monitor or TV that the wraith attempted to control.

For an additional 1 Pathos and 1 Willpower, the wraith
can take control of all of the televisions or monitors in a small
area (for example, the electronics department of a depart-
ment store) and can project the same image onto all of the
screens simultaneously. Of course, this increases the conse-
quences of a botch; one blown-out television set is under-
standable, but the simultaneous blowout of a dozen monitors
on three different circuits raises a few more questions.

Merits anc Flaws

ttificers, by specializing their areas of ex-
pertise, have gained specific advantages
] and weaknesses. While other wraiths
could conceivably be blessed or cursed
with some of these characteristics, they
are generally found within the Guild or
those who share the Guild's knowledge.

These Merits and Flaws are intended to be used along
with the Merits and Flaws in the Wraith Players' Guide. Up
to seven points each in Merits and Flaws can be assigned dur-
ing character creation.

Platform Snobbery (point flaw)

You are so attached to one particular type of computer
that you find yourself at a distinct disadvantage when operat-
ing on any other type. While this Flaw is purely psychologi-
cal in nature, it can have serious effects. You receive a -2 to
the difficulty of all rolls on your chosen type of computer, but
a +2 to the difficulty of any roll on any other platform. Pos-
sible specialties include Macintosh, IBM-PC compatible,
VAX, UNIX systems, Trash-80s, Atari 2600s and mainframes.

Forgemarked (2 point Flaw)

You've been at the soulfires so long you look like a piece
of charcoal. This goes beyond the usual searing that all Arti-
ficers experience, leaving you completely carbonized. You've
been completely toasted, and no one can think you're any-
thing but a soulforger. Forgemarked wraiths automatically lose
one point from their Appearance score, and the point can-
not be regained, even through the use of Moliate.

Chapter Five: Ways and Means 49


Gui

Idbook: Artificers

Hammerbtten ( point Flaw)

Something went horribly wrong during your initiation
into the Guild. Perhaps you hammered on yourself a bit too
hard or plunged your hand too deeply into the flames. In any
case, your off hand is drastically disfigured from the hammer
or the forge. All rolls involving two-handed manual dexter-
ity are ata +1 difficulty, and while you can still use your butch-
ered hand to hold things, subtle manipulations like typing
are out of the question.

Entropy Sink ( point Flaw)

Things just fall apart around you. You probably would
have been better off with the Alchemists, but that's not the
path you took. Any device you Inhabit becomes prone to
breaking down (at the Storyteller's discretion), usually at the
most disastrous times. On the other hand, you are at a -3 on
difficulty to use the Ancient Arts Creeping Rot and Flawsight.

Technophobic (4 point Flaw)

You may not have been born before the advent of high
technology if you have the Technophobic Flaw; you simply
need to be afraid of it. This fear gives you a +2 on the diffi-
culty of all rolls dealing with computers or electronic equip-
ment. Particularly difficult applications of Inhabit on com-
puter systems require a Willpower roll before you even begin.

Note: At the Storyteller's discretion, a similar Flaw,
Technosnob, could be given to modern wraiths who are unable
to deal with older technologies. Wraiths with Technosnob add
+2 to the difficulty of any roll dealing with low-tech equipment.

Virus Carier (point Flaw)

You've been in a sick system, and now you're spreading
the disease. Somehow, you've managed to pick up a computer
virus in your jaunts down the Electron Highway, and every-
where you go becomes infected. In the Skinlands, people are
tracking the virus' vectors and starting to wonder why it's
spreading so oddly, between systems that seem to have no
connection. Any techno-savvy ghost hunters in the area
might already have guessed at the truth. Also, systems that
you've visited will be ailing when you return to them, and
data you want may well have been destroyed.

Sense ofthe Metal (I point Merit)

You have a good sense of how metal feels, enabling you
to bend it to your will more easily. All arts involving metal
(such as Lightning's Bite) are at a -1 difficulty, and you gain
the same bonus when trying to Gremlinize or Claim some-
thing made completely of metal.

Clean Countenance (3 point Merit)

For some reason the forges have not touched you. Your
face is as clean and fresh as the day you first went into the
forges. You have no explanation for it, but it does enable you
to move freely in wider wraith society without immediately
being identified as an Artificer.

Master Forger (4 point Merit

Your work with souls is unparalleled. Deathlords clamor for
your pieces,and thralls beg to be forged by your hand. Well, maybe
not the latter but still, you are a master worker of souls. All forg-
ing rolls are made at a -1 difficulty, and your work is so well
known that you automatically acquire a point of Status as well.

Shielded by the System (25 point Merit)

You have friends in high places in the Hierarchy. Even though
the Guild is officially outlawed, somebody likes you enough not
to press you on the issue even when you slip up. For 2 points, it
could be that you do good enough work forging for your Legion;
5 points might mean you've gained the favor of a Deathlord.

Guild Sponsor (5 point Merit)

Somebody in the Guild likes you and is pushing to ad-
vance your career. This could mean making certain that you're
taught Ancient Arts or getting you a comfortable position with
a unit that's not likely to ever leave its Citadel. The number
of points invested in the Merit determines how powerful the
sponsor is: 1 point would be someone who initiated a week
before you did, and 5 points may be Lord Ember or Lady Alais.

New Backerourd: Guild Status

he Guild Status background indicates how
high up you are in the labyrinthine poli-

cates how many other Artificers will heed
your words...or plot to take your place.

. You've been initiated and told who a few
other members are.

oo Occasionally they ask your opinion in
Guild meetings. Raw recruits look up to you.

eee You have a half-dozen protégés, and the
Guild elders have noticed you.

cece You've recruited dozens of new Guild
members, and know who the real movers
and shakers are.

eooee You move and other Artificers shake.

rie

< 4
New Skil: Soutorging
\v
ou have achieved the knowledge of how
to turn human souls into something use-
ful by the application of brute force and
4] open flame. Not only can you turn a hu-
man soul into something else, you have a

good sense for what a particular Corpus
would function best as.

° Novice: You know which end of the hammer
to grab.
oo Practiced: You can make a tea tray without

injuring yourself.

ooo Competent: Swords aren't beyond your
skill.

eoce Expert: You can make anything, from any
one, at any time.

eoeee Master: Lord Nhudri, I didn't recognize you...

Possessed By: Spectral Smiths, Artificers, Renegade
Weaponmakers, Lord Nhudri

Specialties: Weaponsmithing, Oboli, Artistic Ironwork,
Stygian Steel, Construction Materials

Artiticer Marks

hile not all characters with Inhabit spend
time at the forges, most do end up with
the distinctive marks of Artifice. While
most wraiths simply assume that Artifi-
cer marks are a result of spending time in
front of the soulfires, those wraiths who
spend all of their time hacking systems
soon find themselves scored as well. While prolonged expo-
sure to soulfire does have a cosmetic effect, it is really the
mingling of soul and object that gives an Artificer her marks.

The type of work performed by any given Artificer de-
termines the characteristics of her marks. Those who prima-
tily use work in the soulforges tend to acquire marks that are
mottled patterns in pure carbon black. Artificers who work
primarily with machines, either in the Skinlands or the Un-
derworld, are scored with black marks that shine with an oily
gleam. These marks tend to be long and straight, looking al-
most like slashes gouged in the marked wraith's Corpus. Those
wraiths who work in computers often acquire a network of
dark gray lines that uncannily resemble circuitry.

So far as anyone knows, Artificer marks cannot be re-
moved by the Arcanos Moliate.

Ways and Means

51

Chapter Five:



Chapter Six:

Hammerboys and
Netsuriers

So I said all the best freaks are here
All the best freaks are here

Please stop staring at me

— Marillion, "Freaks"

The Artificers run the gamut, from ancient smiths who were
hammering nails into horseshoes for Roman legions to electric
heads who wouldn't know where to start without net access and
aTI line running right into their haunts. Practically anyone is
eligible to be recruited by an Artificer agent or at least to learn
a bit of Inhabit from an ex-Guild member on the run.

The templates given here are sample characters for you
to use or modify. Fetters and Passions, especially, are merely
samples of what the possibilities could be, instead of being
definitive versions of what these characters' should be. Adopt,
adapt, or ignore the following characters as you see fit.


Quote: And ye want me to forge ye a what? Out of who? A
daft idea, but I'll see what I can do.

Prelude: Born and bred to the forge, you were a black-
smith descended from a long line of blacksmiths. From nails to
wagon axles, you hammered them all out on your anvil, and
you took pride in what you did. The neighbors appreciated
your work too; that's why so many of them turned out for your
funeral when a bloody flux turned your insides to raw meat.

Reaped and inducted into the Legions, you were part of
Charon's unsuccessful attempt to replace the Guilds with trained
soldiers. As a guildsman yourself in your living days, your heart
wasn't in the effort, and your sympathies were noted by a few real
Artificers who'd been planted in your unit. When Stygia finally
abandoned the project, you were invited into the Guild for real.
Glad for the chance to ply your trade honestly, you accepted.

Since then, you've given whatever Legion you've been
attached to your utmost effort, knowing that you're not tak-
ing the place of another honest tradesman. Time has made
you cynical about some of the directions the Guild has taken,

but you're still a loyal member. Your devotion to your craft is
the most important thing to you, and Guild membership seems
the most honest way to ply your trade.

Concept: You've been around for a few centuries, and
you've seen a lot of things come and go. Certain of your basic
knowledges are timeless and seem just as fresh today as they
did all those years ago before you died. New machines like
computers escape you, but you're just as happy not knowing
anything about them. You prefer the Ancient Arts to the new
ones, and on many oc:
them to promising new Guild members.

sions you've been called upon to teach

Roleplaying Tips: Let others ramble on endlessly; that's
not your style. You'll speak, all right, but only when you know
what you're talking about and you think the person you're
talking to might listen. Outside of the forge you're pleasant
enough, but inside you're all business.

Relics: Heavy apron and gloves, soulforged knife, Guild
medallion, framed notes of appreciation from students of

yours, soul-steel horseshoe


Nature: Af rchitect life Ye Otde Village Smith WD
Demeanor: Zarmudgeon Death: Zorsusnption
chronicle; Shadow: Zhe Perfectionist Regret: Leaving Lator

Attributes

Social Mental
Strength, Charisma, @@000 Perception,
Dexterity, OO Manipulation. OOO Intelligence.
Stamina, @@@@0 = Appearance. @@000 Wits

Talents Skills Knowledge

Drive. Bureaucracy.
Etiquette, Computer, OOO000
Firearms, Enigmas. @0000
Leadership. Investigation, OO0000
Meditation, Law. @0000
Melee Linguistics @0000
Performance. Medicine. 00000
Intimidation. Repair. Occult, OOO0O0O0
Streetwise. Soulforging. Politics, OOO000
\ Subterfuge Stealth, OOOOO Science. 00000

Backgrounds Passions Arcanoi

WM A tties 00000 2? Gredwork 00000 Inhabit @0000
Artifacts @0000 (Craftsmanship) @@@@o Puppetry @0000

© Contacts @0000 Serve the Guild 00000 Msury @0000
Guild Status @0000 (Loyatty) @@e0o ‘00000

6 00000 Avoid Conflict 00000 00000
00000 (Desire forPeace) @@000 00000

00000 00000 00000

woocccs tits poo RoS POO-5 (1) POO CCEC oe C CO) Ii] soOO Coe \

Gravestone e ©oBBBBBBBeanae ©Ce@ee000000
ite of Old Forge @e@000 NQOO0000000
gon Ave you ForgedOOOOO »ooeaa Willpower wowococe> Thoms

(pty in a museum) @®OOO Shade familiar (black cat with glowing eyes)
OOO0O0O

00000 Dark Passions

Eneriene poorer Oem. ath: reate shoddy work (Perversit eeee
§ Doeocooc
Lerrorize everyone weaker than OOOOO

BBB BBN Raima @@000


Quote: You know, I might have considered this good security
back when I was alive. It's nice to see that death doesn't interfere
with your hobbies.

Prelude: You were the FBI's worst nightmare, or so you
told your easily impressed friends. Male nerds drooled after
you because you were attractive and could grok computers;
female ones hated and envied you. You loved the attention,
and you loved it more when it came across the nets from people
who admired the hacks and break-ins you'd pulled. They all
knew who you were, and you reveled in your notoriety.

Of course, eventually the Feds knew who you were too,
and they came looking for you. One too many peeks inside
the computers at Quantico, and your secret was blown. You
saw the men in identical trench coats and sunglasses coming
up the walkway to your dorm and panicked. Trying to climb
out the fire escape, you slipped and fell to your death. It wasn't
until well after your funeral that you found out that you'd been
fingered by a hacker buddy who was now working for the NSA.

The Hierarchy bored you to tears, so you hit the road for a
Renegade hangout as soon as you found out such things existed.
Your biggest Fetter is online anyway, so the move didn't cause
you any undue distress. It took you a few weeks to convince
your new friends in the underground to trust you, but once they
did they pumped you of all of the info you wanted. It wasn't
long before you had the knowledge and talent to crack even the
systems that baffled you when you were alive. Now you float
through the Web looking for interesting little tidbits that your
rebel friends might use and making life miserable for the little
snot who squealed on you. You've learned your lesson and keep
a low profile, but you have plans to pull something big.

Concept: You're not so much anti-Hierarchy as anti-
authority. Living power structures disgust you as much as
dead ones, and you're just as happy bringing either down.
Your abilities are all tied into computers and their abuse,
though you've learned a surprising amount about what the
information you're stealing is used for. You're not the physi-
cal type, having spent your living days glued to your moni-
tor, but there aren't too many, Quick or dead, who think
faster than you do. At least, that's what you hope.

Roleplaying Tips: You have no respect for your elders,
primarily because most of them wouldn't understand tech if it
jumped up and bit them on their ghostly butts. When you
meet someone for the first time, spew as much technical jar-
gon as you can at them. If they flinch, they're worthless. The
whole idea of soulforging disgusts you, and for that reason alone
you've never even considered joining the Guild. You realize
this position might make you unpopular in certain circles, but
you're convinced you can handle whatever the Guild throws
at you. After all, you've made it this far, haven't you?

Relics: Working Apple Powerbook, glasses, buttons that
read "MS-DOS: Just Say No" and "Nice Computers Don't
Go Down," set of lockpicks hidden inside a pen


Chronicle:

Physical
OOO
OOO
@@000

Strength,
Dexterity.
Stamina.

Nature: Jester
Demeanor:
Shadow: The Freak

Attributes
Socal
@@000

@e0
@@000

Charisma.
Manipulation.
Appearance.

Death: Fale WiPhile Escaping |
Regret: Leaving L{nhacked
Systems Behind

Mental

Perception,
Intelligence.
Wits,

Talents
@0000
OO0O000
@@000
00000
@e@000
@0000
@0000
OOO00O0
@0000
@ee@00

4 Alertness,
Athletics,

4 Awareness.
Brawl.
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression,

H Intimidation.
Streetwise,
Subterfuge.

Skills
Drive.
Etiquette.

@0000
OO00O
OOO00O
00000
@0000
OO0000
Performance. OO0000
Repair. @@000
Soulforging OOO00O0
Stealth, @0000

Firearms,
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.

Knowledge

Bureaucracy,
Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation.
Law,
Linguistics,
Medicine
Occult,
Politics,
Science,

weccccococccecoesce: |flantivs coceccccccoccececcces |

Backgrounds
A Allies

Passions
Get the guy who turned gggoo

Arcanoi

Inhabit @@e@00

d
} Contacts

you in (Vengeance) eccco

Pandemonium @@000

Eidolon

Put the Phierarchy's knickers (OOOO

OO0000

Haunt

in a tevisst (Perversity) @0000

OO0000

Memoriam

Hack new systems 00000

00000

(Curivsity) @@000

00000

00000

OO0000

Favorite MUSH

Cotlege Terminal Room
W Old le JI Computer @@OOO
\ Vet provider's mainframe @OOOO
}) Favorite Ylervsgroup OOO00O0

archive site @OOOO

Polo (I) POO oCoc

BEBBBBOOO0

@e@eoo0o0o00o000d0
OOO0000000
Thoms

Bad Luck, Ghadoer Call

Dark Pasions
Crash the Net (Levsted Ansitin) @@@@O
Get other Hackers in Trouble OOOO
Batre) @@@OO


Quote: The problem with Stygia is that the guys running it are
all soft. Desk-job types, never had to do an honest day's work in
their lives. Betcha they wouldn't know hard work if it jumped up
and bit ‘em on the ass. Now if I was in charge...

Prelude: A blue-collar worker in life, you were a devoted
union man at a time when unions were losing their power
with frightening speed. It was all management's fault, of
course. Those bastards never gave a damn about their work-
ers, and they forced your union to make one giveback after
another. You resolved that this had to stop, and you were the
one to make it stop. You ran for union office, and within a
few years, you were sitting on negotiating committees oppo-
site the suits. Unfortunately, they had the training and the
lawyers, and all you had was the conviction that your people
were being screwed. When an agreement was finally reached,
you were the one who had to go back to your fellow workers
and say "This is what we have to give up if we want to keep
our jobs." You could see the effects of your betrayal in their
eyes, and it was too much for you. You blew your brains out
the night the contract was ratified by a near-unanimous vote.

Routinely Reaped, you settled into the unglamorous
death of a standard Hierarchy citizen. It drove you crazy,
though, just existing and not doing anything. You looked
around and recognized the same sort of ongoing manipula-
tion that got your union hung out to dry when you were alive,
and you hated it. It was an entire afterlife full of the suits, and

none of them actually produced anything. The only ones |
worth a damn were the guys in the forges, and you weren't
shy about letting people know your opinion. It took less than
a month for a recruiter for the-Guild to look you up, and
since then you've been happy as a clam. The initiation ritu-
als scare some people? Hell, that's nothing, you they should
have seen what you had to go through to join the Teamsters.

Concept: While you weren't exactly a mechanic in life,
you at least got your hands dirty, and soulforging is the only
thing in death that is the same sort of honest labor. You do your
job and you're proud to do it. You look on the Guild in the same
way you looked on your union. Sure, it's tough getting in, but
it's always there for you. You're going to do what you can for it,
and God help anyone who badmouths it while you're around.

Roleplaying Tips: Radiate contempt for anyone in the Un-
derworld, from the Deathlords on down, who doesn't work with
his hands. As this includes pretty much everyone outside of the
Artificers' Guild, you're not too popular outside of Guild circles.
Still, you do good work quickly, and even those sniveling bums
from the other Guilds have to respect that. Wraiths who aren't
members of the Guild but who use Inhabit are scabs as far as
you're concerned, and you should treat them accordingly.

Relics: Baseball cap with Chicago Cubs logo, relic
Knights of Columbus lapel pins, loose change, socket wrench
and screwdriver, Guild medallion

Guild book: Artificers


@e@e@00
@00
@eee0

Strength,
Dexterity.
} Stamina.

Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Lradzonatist
Shadow: Lhe Monster

Attributes
Social
Charisma.

Manipulation.
Appearance.

@e@e00
@e@e@00
@0000

Talents

@@000
@0000
OO0O00O0
@ee@00
OO0O000
OO0O000
OO00O0

@00
@@000
@@000

4 Alertness.
Athletics.
Awareness.
Brawl,
Dodge.
Empathy.

j Expression,
fi Intimidation,
fl) Streerwise

Subterfuge.

Skills
Drive.
Etiquette.

@e@000
00000

@000
@@000
OO0O000
@e@000
@0000

@000

Soulforging @@000
Stealth, 00000

Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.

lie: ston Official
Death: 5 nictde
Regret: BHaving "setrayed"

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits.

Bureaucracy
00000
00000
@@000
@0000
00000
00000
00000
@0000
00000

Computer.
Enigmas.
Investigation,
Law,
Linguistics.
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics,

Science.

Backgrounds

f Altties @e000

Passions
Protect your people- __ QQO00

Arcanoi

Embody @0000

\) Artifacts @0000

Living and Dead (Love)@@e@eeo

Inhabit @@000

Giuitd Status @0000

Abvenge the screwing thegno00

Outrage @0000

Memoriam @@000

Union got (Vengeance)@@@oo

Puppetry @0000

00000

Serve the Guitd (Loyalty]@@ooo

OO0000

OO0000

Hurt anyone who dismissesoQgoo

OO0000

OO0O00O0

what you do (Pride) @O000

00000

PH} OOOO Fetters noooeoc

Mack Truck

i Wedding Picture e

pea nremmrmanssciemon ane OOOO)
OOO00O
OO000O0

DCO 4 (iI) POODOOC

spoee filpier ~cocc:

woe. Pith; roooCos
BSEBBBBOUO00

Ast
@e@eoo0000000
OQ000000000

Thoms
Ara of Corruption (Grating tice),
Pact of Drom, Bad Luck
Dark Pasions
Share the suffering of the prr OOOOO
bastard you're forging (Guitt) @@OOO

Destroy the "Suits" (Pate) @00
Wreck the Union (LivisteA Love) @®OOO

Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Arcanos: 5, Passions: 10, Fetters: 10, Backgrounds: 7, Willpower: 5, Pathos: 5 + Memoriam, Freebies: 15 (5,2,1)


Quote: You hide me, I'll teach you what you need to know.
Deal?

Prelude: A television repairwoman in life, you were
snapped up by the Guild recruiters upon your death for your
expertise with electronics. This was all well and good, but

bothered you a lot. You actually screamed during your initia-
tion ceremony, and that brought you some unpleasant atten-
tion from the elders of the Guild. Pretty quickly, you decided
that you needed to get out.

However, you didn't go through all of that agony for noth-
ing. You've bided your time and learned what they would teach
you. When you had wrung as much out of your teachers as
you were able, you knew it was time to cut and run. Besides,
if you'd hung around much longer, you might have started to
believe some of the crap they were slinging.

A friend with a little bit of Argos helped you out and got
you out of your home Necropolis. While you haven't seen

Guild is intent on hunting you down. What would follow
your capture would be unpleasant in the extreme, so you've
been running and hiding ever since.

You've mostly fallen in with Renegade bands over the
past couple of years. The basic deal: you teach them as much
Inhabit as they want to learn in exchange for a place to hide
from the long arm of the Guild. You know there are others
out there like you, and you're certain that if you all got to-
gether, the Guild wouldn't be able to hunt you down with
impunity. Where to start, though, is the question.

Concept: You loathe the Guild and everything it stands
for. Inhabit is a useful skill: why drape all the BS on top of it?
Besides, slavish has never been your thing. Your biggest asset
is your skill in Inhabit, but you're quite proficient at Stealth
and Subterfuge. On the run from the Eldest Guild, you have
to be.

Roleplaying Tips: Trust no one. Always cover your tracks,
and have all of the exits out of a room clearly labeled in your
mind. The fertilizer could hit the fan at any minute, so be
prepared to duck out of the spray. Friends are hard to come

teach them something.
Relics: Series of maps, working 9mm with ammo, list of
Renegade and other contacts

when they started cloaking what they were doing in hellfire
and brimstone, it bothered you. When they made you stick |
your hand in soulfire and bring a hammer down on you, it j

your face on a "Wanted" poster, you're pretty sure that the |

by, but there's always someone willing to help you out if you |


HW Chronicle:

Nature: .Zoxeer
Demeanor: (2 rétic
Shadow: Zhe Pusher

Physical
Strength,
Dexterity.

fefere)
OO
oO

Stamina.

Savi
Charisma.
Manipulation.
Appearance.

O00
fefefe)
@@000

| woocnccccccceccosces dbilities

@e@000
00000
00000
@e@000
@0000
00000
00000
@0000
@0000
@@000

Awareness,
Brawl,
Dodge.
Empathy.

| Expression
Intimidation,
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

skills
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms
Leadership.
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.
Soulforging, @0000
Stealth, @e@e00

life: Letevision Repairroman
Death: Automobile Accident
Regret: VLever Opening

our Ot Sho

Mental

Perception.
Intelligence.
Wits.

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas
Investigation.
Law,
Linguistics.
Medicine.
Occult.
Politics
Science.

Backgrounds
R Attics

Passions
Stay one step ahead of the OQOQ00

Arcanoi
Argos

@e@000

Wl] Artifacts

Guild (Self-Preservation) @@@@Oo

Castigate @0000

Contacts @0000

Rill the drunk driver QQ000

Inhabit @0000

00000

who killed you (Revenge) @@O0O

00000

00000

Save the others from theggooo

00000

00000

Guitd(A ttrnism) @@000

00000

00000

Pass on what you kno @@O00

00000

WOOO Fetters nooceoe:d
TV Repair Shop eccee0
Old Tool Kit @e@0@00
Pet Cat (Yow on the OOO0O0
streets) @@@OO

OOO00O0

00000

(Pride)
DCO0-0 (Ip) POO OOOE

spoese illu ~oxoce:
eee

ooo
QO00000

e@oecee
QO000

woe Pills PoDoCOOc
BEBBBBOOO0

wooo Ant
@e@eoo00o00000
OQ00000000
Thoms
Devil's Dare, Trick of the Light

atk Passions
Get sanlforgeh inte OBrien @@OOO

reate Aastraction evhart ever ox 2@@OOO
Salted
rag the nitd Aoige to its Avon
id inugennces @OOOO

00000


book: Artificers

Quote: Our Lord has shown me the secrets of soulfire and
steel. Would you like to learn more about them? I'd be glad to
show you, and my workshop is nearby...

Prelude: You drifted through life, never really specializ-
ing in anything. You picked up a bit of computer knowledge
here, a bit of other things there, but nothing that added up to
acalling. You dabbled in everything from Dianetics to work-
ing on a construction site, but you always had a sense that
you were missing something; that when you died you'd leave
nothing memorable behind you.

Sad to say, you were right, and when it came time for the
big dirt nap, no one even attended your funeral. Nothing you
did, nothing you said lived on after you because you hadn't
said anything interesting and you hadn't done anything at
all. You arrived in the Shadowlands and were immediately
Reaped and sold as a Renegade by an amoral freelance
soulhunter. At the last minute, you were pulled off the scrap
heap by the local soulsmith who recognized some innate tal-
ent that you possessed.

He had you trained and inducted, and now the Guild is
your everything. Imagine: religious fulfillment and the op-
portunity to do something productive, something that will
last. The teachings of the Book touched something inside
you, and you knew instinctively that they were the unvar-
nished Truth. These days, all that you do is for the greater
glory of Nhudri and the Guild, praised be the Hammer and
the Hand that wields it!

Concept: You're attached to a band of Legionnaires in
one of the outlying Necropoli. Officially you're the
weaponsmith for the brigade you're stationed with, but you
make sure that the Legionnaires bother you as little as pos-
sible. Your smattering of knowledges come in handy here, out
on the fringes of wraith society, but they just help with your
cover. You're really here to bring more souls to the greater
glory of Nhudri, whether by recruiting them to the Guild or
hammering them into steel.

Roleplaying Tips: The people out to kill Salman Rushdie
have nothing on you for clarity of purpose or devotion to
religious duty. Discussion about anything except soulforging
bores you to tears, but when the conversation turns to your
favorite topic, your eyes glow with (un)holy delight. Never
talk about the revelations you've been given with outsiders,
unless you're either going to kill or induct them.

Relics: Hammer, soulforge with basic equipment, black-
ened Guild medallion, copy of the Book of Nhudri


Physical
@e@e@00
@00
@@000

Strength,
Dexterity.
} Stamina

life

Nature: Faratic
Demeanor: Visionary
Shalow: Lhe Martyr

Attributes
Social
Charisma____ Oo
Manipulation,

Appearance, @000

imbless Drifter

Death: Slipped in Bathroom and

hit head on sink

Regret: Lot having Aone anything

Mental
Perception,
Intelligence.

Wits, @@000

[wocccoococccecoosces hills eococoo co coceoneccoce

Talents
@0000
00000
@ee@00
00000
@0000
@@000
@®0000
@0000
00000
00000

4 Alertness.
Athletics,
Awareness,
Brawl,

I Dodge.
Empathy.

| Expression,
Intimidation.
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

Skills
Drive.
Etiquette,

OO0000
00000
OO0000
00000
@0000
OOO00O
@@000
CL BOOOO
Soulforging__— @@WOO
Stealth, @0000

Firearms
Leadership,
Meditation.
Melee.
Performance.
Repair.

Knowledge

@0000
@e@000

Bureaucracy.
Computer.
Enigmas,
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult,
Politics,

Science.

Backgrounds

i A ties ©0000

Passions
Serve Lord Whurdi 00000

Arcanoi
Castigate

Eidolon @0000

(Retigions Lve)@e0e500e

Inhabit

Havat @@000

Serve the Guitd OOO00O

Lifeweb

Vnreatth @0000

(Loyatty)@e@e@oo

Motiate

OO00O0

Smelt all unbelievers OQ000

OO00O

(Fanaticism)@@ooo0

00000

00000

a Fetters nooopoc
Sink you cracked head n @@@@O
Leddy bear @@e@e@00

| Bfigh school yearbook @@000
OLA netvspayer clipping OOOOO
with your picture @OOOO

OOO00O

ff, ooo fiperiene pO Omo-o

*DOO--0 (ipl) DOOD.
BEEBBEBEBEEREE

apoee filo ~oxooe:
e0e

[oem ene)
QOO00000

e@oecee
Q000

weece fiths room
BERBEBEBBEBO

O°o-0-000
@eee o°O o000
QO00000000
Thoms
Death's Sigit (3 pts-cyes that glorv a bloody red
and an omnipresent odor of smoke), Dark Attis
Dak Passions
Torment everyone tiving who's for-
gotten about you (Envy)
Grupose the Cult as a frand (Cyics
00000

Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Arcanos: 5, Passions: 10, Fetters: 10, Backgrounds: 7, Willpower: 5, Pathos: 5 + Memoriam, Freebies: 15 (5,



ord Ember

The Master of Apprentices, Lord Ember has
gone by his nom de forge for so long that
4} even he has forgotten his real name. He

claims to have been Apprenticed to Nhudri
himself and has held his current title in the Guild since before
it was banished by Charon. Indeed, he used the breaking of the
Guilds as a convenient way of ridding himself of certain politi-
cal opponents; since then he has enjoyed a sort of protected
status in Stygia. He has played the role of a model citizen, vol-
unteering his services to the various Legions numerous times.
Ember's mansion in Stygia is positively Ghormengastly in
scope, with hundreds of chambers, dozens of towers and scores of
cellars carved into the bowels of the Isle of Sorrows. Here many
of the Guild's new Apprentices are hidden; here rest the Guild's
stockpiles of arms imbued with Arcanoi, here squat the forges

that hum and belch black smoke as they are worked day and night.
Through a cunning arrangement of flues and ducts, the smoke of
the forges escapes into the sky over Stygia at a hundred different
points, none located anywhere near Ember's mansion. There are
literally dozens of doors at strategic points around the isle, and
the house is such a maze that Lord Ember can be entertaining a
Deathlord in the parlor while an Apprentice is instructed ten
feet away; neither aware of the other's presence.

Ember's primary obsession, cloaked in rationality, is to
return the Guilds to prominence in Stygia. This radical no-
tion, combined with his high visibility outside of the Guild,
makes his existence precarious in the extreme. Most politi-
cally inclined Artificers fully expect him to be unmasked soon
and are already jockeying for position with an eye toward re-
placing him.

Duncan Bessemer

The laws of Stygia state that only thralls, criminals and
Spectres can be fed to the forges. Laws, as Duncan Bessemer
knows very well, were made to be broken. Few Artificers are
as feared, as hated or as fiercely hunted by both Hierarchy
and Heretics.

Born in 1767 on the Isle of Skye, Bessemer worked as
smith and later, as a foundry worker in a factory that made
cannon for His Majesty King George. A handsome man, he
became involved with a local beauty, the lovely Mrs. Eudora
Wayland. Unfortunately, Mr. Wayland was the foreman of
the foundry where Bessemer labored, and it didn't take long
for him to uncover his wife's duplicity. Less than two weeks
later, Wayland tipped both his wife and her lover into a vat
of molten metal. Eudora's spirit fled to wherever the souls of
the righteous go, but Duncan became a wraith.

Appendix: Who Was Who


Reaped by a bored Hierarchy functionary and scheduled
for the forge; Bessemer was rescued at the last minute by the
woman who had been scheduled to smelt him. Officially the
staff smith for the 3rd Division of the Skeletal Legion, she
was also a Journeyman Artificer with ambitions of climbing
higher. She saw in Duncan a potential apprentice of unlim-
ited gifts and malleable personality. Diverting him from the
forge, she had him trained, initiated and turned loose in a
position subordinate to hers with the same Legion.

With his natural aptitude for metalworking, Duncan
quickly mastered the secrets of soulforging,and became no
mean hand at Inhabit. He enjoyed his work at the forge — a
little too much, some said — and achieved a rate of produc-
tion unmatched since the days before Nhudri took appren-
tices. When his Mistress was shipped out with much of the
rest of the Skeletal Legion to fight the Jade Empire, he re-
mained and rapidly assumed his teacher's place in the coun-
cils of the Guild.

One of the perks of Guild status is being able to choose
the souls you work with. Through use of this privilege, Besse-
mer was able to obtain for himself the Corpus of one Johnny
Cope, a British general of ill repute in Scotland who had taken

66 Guildbook: Artificers

RITCHIE

up with Renegades after his death. Bessemer, more a Scots
patriot in death than in life, took his time working Cope and
found himself enjoying every minute of the Englishman's
agony. Six months later, once Cope had finally been ham-
mered into a lovely representation of a hawthorn branch in
bloom, Duncan went looking for a new victim.

Bessemer's obsession with torturing those who oppressed
Scotland has turned into a more general fixation on "collect-
ing" the souls of those who were famous in life and hammering
them into works of art. Many of the living world's foremost
citizens ended up decorating the homes of the leading citizens
of Stygia. Eventually Bessemer's desire for raw materials out-
stripped the legal methods for getting them, and rather than
curb his appetites, he sought other channels to sate them. It
took decades for his sickness to be uncovered, and when the
Legionnaires finally came for him, he easily avoided capture.

No one claims knowledge of Bessemer's whereabouts to-
day, though there is strong suspicion that the Guildmasters
are hiding him for their own purposes. In the meantime, ev-
ery celebrity and politician who comes into the Shadowlands
learns to shudder at the name of Duncan Bessemer.


Most people aren't aware that DaisyChain (real name: Daisy
Lucinda Mickelstein) is dead. The vast majority never knew
she existed, but those who know her online haven't yet tumbled
to the fact that she's now deceased. She posts to the UseNET
just as frequently, still pulls hacks that are the stuff of legend,
and shows up at conventions precisely as often (i.e., never) as
she did when she was alive. So while police, NSA and FBI agents,
and hackers-turned-stooges go bananas trying to track down the
mysterious DaisyChain, she sits in the Shadowlands and laughs.

A hacker par excellence, Daisy's demise was a combination
of malnutrition from her ramen-heavy diet and a bad case of
influenza that she was determined to tough out. Her weakened
system couldn't fight the bug off, however, and as a freelance
programmer she had no medical insurance. By the time she bit
the bullet and decided to go to the hospital, it was too late.

Once dead, Daisy never actually joined the Artificers
Guild. She was Reaped by a Renegade band who'd had their
eye on her fora while (and through Puppetry, helped her hold
off on calling for medical help) and taught the rudiments of
Inhabit by a renegade Apprentice named Solly Richardson.
The pupil soon outstripped the master, however; less than a
year later DaisyChain was pulling off hacks of greater sophis-
tication than she ever had done while alive. By Gremlinizing

the central mainframe of the NorthStates Bank of Philadel-
phia, she was able to have every ATM the bank owned start
spitting bills into the air, while every screen displayed an
ASCII daisy. And that was only the beginning. Among hack-
ers, her name is legend. In Stygia, she's among the most wanted
Renegades for her flagrant violation of the Dictum Mortuum.
Fortunately for her, she never goes anywhere near Stygia...at
least not if she can help it.

qhe Porrohman

Supposedly a spirit who watches over those who labor in
steel mills and forges, the Porrohman is real enough. The
wraith of a blacksmith who served the Roman legions in
Albion, in life Porrohman forged the blades of the troops who
built Hadrian's Wall. Fettered to the Wall itself, he's spent
centuries wandering the north of England and Scotland slyly
slipping aid to the soot-stained men who make the steel that's
built the West. A Gremlinized blast furnace halted from in-
cinerating a fallen man, a Claimed steel chain's weak link
made known through ghostly whispers, an assembly line
Surged into silence before a hand can be mangled; all of these
are the work Porrohman does for the living. Thus far his ac-
tions have not come to the attention of those authorities who
might frown on this sort of activity, and there is a conspiracy
of silence between Porrohman and those he helps.


In the Shadowlands, Porrohman sits high in the Guild's
councils, having achieved Master status while the Roman
Empire was still a going concern. Suspicious of modern elec-
tronics and frankly computerphobic, he is a conservative voice
when it comes to debating the future of the Guild. As far as
Porrohman is concerned, the Internet is a fad and resources
should not be wasted on it.

Over eight feet tall and completely blackened, Porrohman
is fiercely loyal to the Guild, almost to the point of unreason.
His devotion to his fellow Artificers (and his living protégés)
is matched only by his disdain and loathing for those who
have left the Guild or who use Inhabit but who have never
joined the Artificers. He has gone on record as advocating
making an "example" of these traitors and has taken the mat-
ter into his own hands on several notable occasions.


Shadow:

Social Nental

Strength. @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation, @0000 Intelligence. OOOO
Stamina, @OO0O0O Appearance. @0000 Wits. 10000.

Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness, OOOOO Drive. OOOOO Bureaucracy. 00000
Athletics, OOOOO Etiquette. OOOOO Computer. 00000
Awareness, OOOOO Firearms. OOOOO Enigmas. 00000
Brawl, OOOOO Leadership. OOOOO Investigation. OOO00O
Dodge. OOOOO Meditation. OOOOO Law. 00000
Empathy. OOOOO Melee. OOOOO Linguistics. 00000
f Expression. OOOOO Performance. OOOOO Medicine. OO0O000
Intimidation, OOOOO Repair. OOO0O0O Occult, 00000

Streetwise. OOOOO  Soulforging OOOOO Politics. 00000
Subterfuge. OOOOO Stealth, OOOOO Science. OOO0O0O

Passions
OOO00O OOO00O0
OOO0O0O OOO00O0
OO0O00O 00000
OOO0O0O 00000
OOO00O 00000
OOO00O OO000O0
OO0O00O 00000

oooo0 QDOAOOOORO0000 Hike

00000 NU

00000 seoee illo mecce. spo Lesion Attachment <-e>-cr-crene i
Y

900000 OOOO0OOO pe
00000 9 O00
OO0O00O

Glas ocooees omc Pils coo cec "POS Heeale Mtahnel oooo,

Forge Markings Q0O00000000

Attributes: 7/5/3, Abilities: 13/9/5, Arcanos: 5, Passions: 10, Fetters: 10, Backgrounds: 7, Willpower: 5, Pathos: 5 + Memoriam, Freebies: 15 (5,2,1)


Death

\ Age.

Apparent Age.

W) Date of Birth,

RP.

) Hair.

Eyes,

Race.

Nationality.

Garb,

( Other Distinguishing Features,


b wooccc coco ce econ: fypaided Backoround
Alles

Fidolon Guild Status

Memoriam

Wealth

Relis

Location


Cost

Flaw

00000

00000

OO0000

OO0000

OO0000

00000

OO0000

00000

recoccen:. Ancient/ew Arts Known

woococoes fog Malis oorcoco

Experience

Total Spent:
Spent On:

Seecocs (iil Standing § (ontals mococes f
Standing

Guild Contacts

Hunted by Guild

Weapon

Difficulty

Damage

Conceal

Range | Rate Brawling Table

Maneuver
Bite

Punch
Grapple


CAME STUDIO

Spirits in the Material World

So, kid; you thought you were hot-stuff-on the nets |
while*you were alive. Ever hack anything from the inside : j 4
before? Didn't think so. Well, don't worry, -back then-you : a
= were only human. Now you're something else:
= See you on the inside!
= — Kathryn Chan, Renegade Artificer

Taste the Hammer and the flame!

In the darkest heart of Stygia; they wait for you-
Do you have what it takes to place-another in the-flames of soulfire?
Can you-bring the hammer down -and:close-your éars:to the screams? ——
OF even now, are the Legionnaires bringing you to the forges.in- chains?
One-way-or another, the Attificers' Guild is waiting for you.
Guildbook: Artificers is the first in the series of Guildbooks
for Wraith: The Oblivion.
Revealing the secrets of the Eldest Guild, it-will take-you
from the desolation-of the Labyrinth
to the silicon nerves of the Information Age.

Guildbook: Artficers also includes:

New and Ancient uses of the Inhabit "Arcanos!
© The history of the Guild —
¢and the true reason for its banishment!)
¢ The first chapter in a continuing story
that will shape the fate
of all of the Guilds?

ISBN 1256504-661-7,
2 = WW 6300 $12.00 ~
AEE 2 2 8.8

|

aa 100
180 Punk Nor BL.
CLARKSTON, GA 30001

Pl
=i HobbyTown USA

THE oBLEViON —,
