# File: Ascension's Right Hand.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

RIGHT HAND

Bi. «

ASC

The aan Siok
for Mage:The Ascension"


ASCENSION'S

RIGHT HAND

Fellowship in the Line of Fire:
The Acolyte's Sourcebook


Credits

Written by: Nicky Rea, Teeuwynn and Phil Brucato
Developed by: Phil Brucato

System and E&D Assistance: Jennifer Hartshorn and
Bill Bridges

Edited by: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan

Production Assistance: Ash Arnett

Art: Jim Daly, Scott Johnson, Andrew Kudelka, Andy
Trabbold, Omaha Perez, Tomm Coker, and Joshua Gabriel
Timbrook.

Cover Art: David Martin

Cover Design: John Park

Printed in Canada.

White Wolf, Inc. Execs
Mark Rein*Hagen and Stewart Wieck, Owners
Stephan Wieck, President
Wes Hartis, Vice President of Marketing
Michael Krause, Vice President of Sales
Richard Thomas, Vice President of Production and Design
Ken Cliffe, Director of Development and Editing
Benjamin T. Monk, Jr., Controller
Rebecca Schaefer, Warehouse Manager
Call (404) 292-1819

a Fed SUITE 100
"oe $8 g 780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
: CLARKSTON, GA 30021

GAME STUDIO

© 1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Mage: The Ascension, Vampire: The
Masquerade, Werewolf: The Apocalypse, The Book
of Chantries, The Book of Shadows: The Mage
Players Guide, The Werewolf Players Guide and
Ascension's Right Hand are trademarks of the White
Wolf Game Studio. All names, titles, characters and
text herein are copyrights of White Wolf unless
otherwise noted.

The mention or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Due to mature subject matter, reader discretion
is advised.

Ascension's Right Hand

Special Thanks to:
Oh Soon "Santa's Helper" Shropshire, for helping us all
avoid getting weenie gifts.
Keith "Get of Fenris" Winkler, for adding spice to Bill's
Germanic treat.
Danny "Toys -R-Us" Landers, for having more action
figures than most retail outlets.
Rebecca "True Stories of the Warehouse Patrol" Schaefer,
for becoming the forklift cop.
Diane "Whip-Crackin' Good" Zamojski, for getting the
wig, the whip, and the wherewithal to feed the family for
free.
Louvie "Crash Course" Locklear, for becoming the latest
contestant in the White Wolf demolition derby.
Eric "For Death We Lust" Turnbow, for making Jim's ears
bleed on a daily basis.
Jim "Gotcha!" Souter, for tossing some bad birds into the
coop where they belong.
Mike "Madness" Chaney, for getting his big break into
Mage pages.
Emory "Heretic" Hestor, for putting a retarded GOD out
to pasture in the Great Plains.
Brad "Master Mail" Butkovich, for keeping our custom-
ers' credit cards occupied.
R. Christian "Single White Male" Naberhause, for the
revolving door he built for roommates.
Bill "Hunters Haunted" Bridges, for trading Numinous
Twilight with the custos.
And Jen "Gothic Celt Chick" Hartshorn, for doing the
"Love Beyond Ascension" twist with Phil.

Authors' Special Thanks:

To John Baumgarten, without whom there might be
no games here at all,

Pete Curtin, for help and support beyond the call of
duty,

Bill and Jen, for helping out with some of the polish,

Wendy "Party Girl" Blacksin, for topping out a year
with the Wolf,

and Phil "No False Modesty" Brucato, for his pa-
tience and insight.

Mage is a game. It contains no true rituals or demon
summonings.

There are no esoteric codes hidden within the text.

Any material which the reader finds objectionable is
merely the product of the authors' imaginations. If it
offends you, skip over it. As one nice lady I know says:
"When I'm reading along and I come to a bad word in the
book, I just close my eyes."

Enjoy.

ASCENSION'S

RIGHT HAND
Contents
Prelude 4
Introduction 7
Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals? 13
Chapter Two: Society of Servants 35
Chapter Three: The Tale Is Told 57
Chapter Four: Bones Clothed In Flesh 69
Chapter Five: Numina Ol

Chapter Six: Who's Who 109

Contents 3


Prelude:
Take One

? By Nicky Rea

And to love: a god

And to fear: a flame

And to burn'a crowd that has a name
— Live, "Selling the Drama"

"Hey, somebody turn the damned air
conditioning on!.It's like a steambath in
Tht»! here!" A gravelly voice cut through the

ST | low-key music and murmured conversa-
tion, startling some into silence and
producing an equally loud demand to shut up.

Most of the tables were filled with college students
from the nearby university, enjoying the inexpensive
pizza and beer or the vegetarian pasta which was the
specialty at Crossovers. A wild variety of people sat at
other tables — Goth zombies, health fanatics, martial
arts students, bruiser-types and even a few who looked
downright respectable.

It had been a slow night for the bar's real patrons,
however. One or two regulars had dropped in and
chatted with Zorro, the albino bartender. One even
complimented her on her new quasi-mohawk. There
weren't enough regulars here to call a meeting, though.
She served a plate of zucchini lasagna to askinny.guy in
the corner and wondered if she ought to close early
tonight.

Then the Marauders arrived.

The mirror over the bar shattered, sending shards of
silvered glass in all directions as an axe-wielding woman.
in a business suit stepped through. Behind her trailed
seven creatures clustered behind a portly little man with
a goatee and beret. He pulled a chair with the word
"Director" stenciled on it through the remains of the
mirror, set it up on the bar, and yelled, "... And Action!"

A squirrel-tailed, fanged zebra called out, "Take
two!" and pointed her video camera toward the scene.
Zorro felt ridiculous when in the midst of it all she

‘

fastened on the idea that there had been no "Take one."
Six pygmies swarmed after the axe-woman, who headed
full-tilt for the table where the bruisers were sitting.

Several people made for the door, running over
anyone in their way. The bruisers stood to confront the
screaming Amazon-cum-corporate raider as she
launched herself at them. Neither seemed impressed,
though their eyes flickered red momentarily.

"Oh, shit!" yelled Zorro, diving for cover. "HIT
Marks!"

With a whirring kachunk, the HIT Marks' chain
guns rose over their shoulders, and they fired point-
blank at their opponents. Two of the pygmies went
down in a sickening spray.

"Effects! Not so much blood!" the director barked.
"We don't want an R rating here!"

Several large holes appeared in the woman then
sealed shut as she leaped at the one on the left. Her axe
sheared through part of his head, revealing sparking
wiring.

"Ha ha!" crowed the director. "We just took Termi-
nator II one better! Take that, you hyper-steriod
technopaths!"

Zorro crouched behind an overturned table as slugs
tore the wall behind her into plaster chips. "Is it always
this exciting?" the skinny guy cracked. She raised her
eyebrows and gave him her best are-you-for-real stare.
Seizing a brief moment of relative safety, she leaped
forward and tumbled behind the bar. :

The other two pygmies jumped atop the second
HIT Mark and began pummeling it with their tiny fists.
Surprisingly, they left dents. The Amazon panted and
shrieked as she chopped the first HIT Mark to shiny
pieces.

The HIT Mark burdened with the pygmies spun in
an arc, firing at any and all. Bullets sprayed the room.

i asi

local

"Whoops!" cried the director, overturning his chair
behind the bar and almost landing on Zorro. "I've never
liked all this violence myself," he confided, "but it's
what the audience demands." Zorro winced. The direc-
tor scowled, surveying the damage. "Props, it seems,
have outdone themselves this time, but Set Dressing's
going to have a fit if we need a third take." He replaced
the chair and climbed into it again. The video camera-
wielding zebra, who had ducked at the first hail of
bullets, gave him a dirty look. "Cut!" called the direc-
tor, but no one listened. Zorro found her gun and eased
around the end of the bar, setting up a clear shot.

It took only moments for the pygmies, the axe-
woman and Zorro's occasional bullet to bring down the
second HIT Mark. The axe-woman picked up the
android's severed head, ran into a nearby still life
painting, and disappeared, followed by the two remain-
ing pygmies who carried their comrades' remains. The
zebra looked at Zorro kindly for a moment and said,
"Sorry about the mess. I hope you'll have no trouble
with the police."

Zorro laughed. "In this neighborhood?"

Smiling (Zorro wasn't sure if it qualified as a smile),
the zebra leaped through after the others.

The director yelled "Cut!" again. This time, the
action subsided, Picking up his chair, he moved to the
painting as well. "Thank you, everyone! Cast party is at
eight! Good night!" he cried as he stepped through the
picture frame and vanished.

Zorro surveyed the wrecked HIT Marks, her bullet-
riddled walls and the skinny guy, who was the only
customer left in the building. Then she pulled draft
beers for herself and Skinny and leaned on the bar. He
looked questioningly at the HIT Marks.

"Don't ask," she said.

He smiled tentatively. "Okay."

Just another damned night at Crossovers.



Drink to me only with thine eyes,

And I will pledge with mine;

Or leave a kiss but on the cup,

And I'll not look for wine

The thirst that from the soul doth rise,
Doth ask a drink divine:

But might I of Jove's nectar sup,

T would not change for thine.

— Ben Jonson, "Song: To Celia"

It wasn't a good town — all hard-edged
buildings and dark alleys strewn with trash, hu-
man and otherwise. Not the best place to be
running for her life. She'd tried to shake the two
techno-assassins, but they kept coming back for
more. Winded and bloody, she made for the alley
ahead just as they tured the comer behind her.

Nice coat, she thought, momentarily dis-
tracted by the black leather duster worn by the

AW)s

ruggedly ugly man window-shopping at the corner store.

He didn't acknowledge her presence as she whipped into
the alley, but turned as though to stroll up the street as the
assassins followed their quarry

A sizzling light momentarily lit the alley before abruptly
dying. "Damn it!" he heard the woman's desperate voice.

"You can do nothing we cannot counter," one of the
assassins said.

"Oh, yeah?" asked the man in the coat, stepping into the
alley behind them and firing off two bursts from his previously
hidden submachine gun. "Then counter that, ya mothers."

Cody smiled at his partmer as the assassins slumped to the ground.

Mages do not, and cannot, stand alone. Powerful as the
Awakened may be, they require the help of custos, or
—friends, acolytes, servants, allies and sometimes
slaves —to survive and prosper in their ever-changing world.

Ascension's Right Hand concerns these custos, the
normal (and special) people and creatures who live alongside
andassist mages in their livesand struggles. Some of these non-
mages know the score, but others move through their lives
never knowing they were ever involved with the mystick ones.

Introduction


Who, What and Why

It's not easy love, but you've got friends you
can trust,

Friends will be friends
— Queen, "Friends Will Be Friends"
What're ya looking at me for? Ya got a
problem? I said I'm a custos, kid. And so are
you. It ain't no insult. The word "custos" is
§ from the old form for "favored servant." Now
don't ask me what old form, ‘cause I don't
know, and if ya don' tlike being called.a servant, take it up with
your mage. You wanna hear this or not? Then sit back and
listen, and ol' Cody'll tell ya a thing or two.

Custos are the companions, friends, acolytes, followers,
servants, familiars and sidekicks of mages. Got through the list
pretty well for an old guy, huh? Most of us don't know a lot
about the mystick arts, but our skills and talents can sometimes
get us through better than our mage's powers. In this world, ya
gotta watch out for each other. Sometimes having a friend to
hang out with, a companion to watch your back, or a sidekick
who lets ya hide out at his place may mean the difference
between survival and damnation. And don't think it's only the
Trad mages that need what we can give ‘em.

Ascension's Right Hand

There's all kinds of custos. We're childhood friends help-
ing to keep a mage's secrets hidden, lab technicians cleaning the
lab so our boss can work undisturbed, and coyote-ugly vam-
pires arranging an escape through the sewers for a mage on the
‘run. Pretty obvious what the mages get out of the deal, ain' t it?
Now you're looking at me like I'm supposed to tell ya what
you're gonna get from your mage. Probably a lot of hell, kid.
If ya don't know why you're doin' what you're doin', I sure
can't tell ya. You'll hafta figure that one out for yourself.

Living on the fringes of the Ascension War, allied with
those whose real purposes they may not even understand, the
custos struggle to survive and adapt. With far less power than
the mages they associate with, all are prime targets for attacks
from their companions' enemies. So why do they do it?

Some admire the mage and what she is trying to do.
Some want to learn and hope to discover their own aptitude
for magick. Others are family members, lovers or old friends
and feel that their bond requires them to help. Many are
employees of one sort or another and handle household
duties or business matters in exchange for money. A few,
those who are aware that reality is flexible, may see it as their
duty to help keep it that way (or want to help the Technoc-
racy keep things stable). Other custos join with mages

because they hate or fear their mage's enemies. Some may be
on the run and seek safety from someone more powerful. At
least a few find their lives more fun and exciting since
meeting the Awakened one and look for opportunities to
increase the excitement and have blow-out parties. Others
simply find that working for a mysterious employer or bat-
tling magick-wielding foes provides them with a challenge.

How'dI get into all this? Well, it was along time ago. No
smart remarks, kid, I know how old I am. There was this girl.
She was somethin' special. Turned out she was special in more
ways than one. When they came lookin' for her, I wasn't quite
ready to just let ‘em take her. See, I thought she was the one for
me. That was back when there used to be romance in the world,
not like today and you kids. Okay, okay. I'll quit callin' ya kid.
Whadda ya wanna be called? Death-threat? Yeah, well. So
anyway, I blasted ‘em with my daddy's shotgun. It was them
or us, I figured. And I been with her ever since. Nah, we never
did get together that way. Just wasn't in the cards, but I've
watched her back for forty years and never regretted one of ‘em.

Their backgrounds are as varied as their reasons for becom-
ing custos. Students of the occult, fantasists, New Agers, science
fiction aficionados and punks are all easily integrated into life as
custos. Relatives, students, teachers, clergy and other profession-
als (doctors, lawyers, librarians, etc.) may find themselves drawn
into things as a side effect of their professions. Attracted to the
mage for one reason or another, psi talents, vampires or Garou
might fall into the role, and familiars (from cats to ghosts in the
machine to imaginary playmates) may be summoned. Custos
might quite literally be anyone. The real differentiations among
them are their varying degrees of talent and power.

Consider yourself lucky that you're able to talk to me.
Some of us ain't such willing participants in the War, ya know.
What War? Kid, where you been? And what has your mage
been tellin' you? Sit her down, and make her spit it out. You
ain't Awakened, but ya ain't dumb either!

She ain't been giving ya drugs, has she? Have ya noticed
if your mind is still clear on everything ya wanna think about?
Sometimes ya gotta watch it. I'd rather do what I do ‘cause I
choose to than be forced into it and made to think it's all my own
idea. Oh, you didn't know it could be done? Well, hey, I ain't
100% sure my mage hasn't messed with my mind. I just think
this is all my own choice. Make ya paranoid? It should.

It is a regrettable fact that many mages force service from
their custos. With mind-altering magick and drugs at their
fingertips, mages are more than capable of compelling service.
But drugged or controlled servants are not as effective as free-
willedones. Blackmail, threatsagainst lovedonesandintimations
of possible torture can often bringcompanionsinto lineand exact
service from them. Little-valued by their mage masters, these
custos lead wretched existences. Many are ripe for rebellion, but
most have long since lost the will to resist.

Yeah, kid...sorry... Death-threat, ya never know where
life is gonna take ya. Just stick with your mage, though, and I
guarantee it'll be interestin' .

—JeHNSon

Introduction


How to Ose This Book

Whoever wants to be creative in good and evil, he must
irst be an annihilator and destroy values.

— Friedrich Nietzsche

This sourcebook sheds some light on the followers
who so often disappear beneath the heading "Allies."
Here, Storytellers will find several ideas for stories and
chronicles based around custos. The players may all play
custos of a Storyteller-controlled mage; some might be
mages, while others play their friends, servants, body-
guards, lovers and familiars. All these roles and more are
detailed in Ascension's Right Hand. If players don't want
to be tied down to a specific mage, they might be a group
that is affiliated with a certain cabal, or natives of a
Horizon Realm, or might not even know that their mys-
terious friend is a mage. They might be Chantry servants,

bodyguards or troubleshooters. They may have no con-
nection with mages at all. The information in the book
allows troupes to generate normal mortals, weird Horizon

realm beasts, artificial intelligences, vampires, werewolves

and familiar spirits. Some have special abilities and pow-
ers; otherzs don't.

Some of the most intense and interesting roleplaying
comes from playing characters who aren't all-powerful
and who don't have magick at their fingertips. Living in
the World of Darkness without supernatural powers can

be just the challenge a troupe's characters need to add that
edge of excitement and imminent danger. The pre-gener-
ated characters included in this book can be used as is or
can serve as templates for creating players' custos charac-
ters. So long as the points used to generate them remain
about the same, players and Storytellers should feel free to
tweak them a little to customize them for their chronicles.

Alternatively, the Storyteller could use the details
and characters given in the book to populate her chronicle.
The people at the mage society's fringe must also live in
the Gothic-Punk milieu of the World of Darkness, and
they have far fewer powers and defenses with which to
protect themselves. When the Technocracy wants to get
to a mage without directly confronting him, they might
kidnap his un-Awakened girlfriend and use her for bait, or
they might replace her with a clone. What about that big,
black, friendly dog that followed the characters around all
last night? Will they guess that it was a familiar and told
its master everything it heard and saw? If the pre-gener-
ated characters given in the book are used as helpers for
the opposition, however, the Storyteller should change a
few details. Players can buy and read books too, and
encountering someone who is supposed to be mysterious
or a spy and already knowing what he is will spoil the
enjoyment.

10 Ascension's Right Hand


Finally, the Storyteller can have players generate
"normal" mortals and have them play through several
stories, becoming increasingly aware of strange occur-
rences behind the scenes and coincidental events and
meetings. Only after running what is basically a mortals'
chronicle does the Storyteller reveal that they were all
being tested in some way — either to serve as custos for
one faction or another or to become mages themselves.

Likewise, Umbral beasties and familiar spirits might
enjoy an Umbral chronicle, or vampires and werewolves
might believe themselves to be playing Vampire or
Werewolf until they come in contact with mages and
form bonds with them. The players might even create
normal mortals who are Embraced during the game or who
discover their true heritage as Garou some time before or
after they become custos. The possibilities are limited
only by what the players and Storyteller can conceive and
the Storyteller's tolerance for the unusual.

What's Where

Ascension's Right Hand is broken down into the
following chapters:

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals?

This chapter explores custos in detail and is broken
down into Tradition, Technocracy, Nephandi and Ma-
rauder followers.

Chapter Two: Society of Servants

Exploring the internal and external relationships of
the custos, this chapter provides insight into their motiva-
tions, fellowships and interactions with mages.

Chapter Three: The Tale Is Told

This chapter offers Storyteller suggestions including
hints for troupe play, setting and story ideas.

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh

Rules for custos character creation, including con-
cepts, new Traits, advantages and devices, are covered in
this chapter.

Chapter Five: Numina

These paranormal powers allow un-Awakened hedge
magicians and psychics to work some small amount of
magic (as opposed to magick). Although such powers,
called Numina, are limited, they transcend the supposed
limits of technological reality and hearken back to more
mystic times.

Chapter Six: Who's Who

This chapter profiles a bunch of custos (everything
from servants to weird Horizon Realm beasties).

Lexicon

Acolyte — Acolytes are mages' companions of fairly
low power and ability. Many of them are unaware of the
true nature of their employers or friends.

Consor — These companions have certain powers or
abilities which allow them to operate at a higher level
than acolytes. Though not Awakened, consors know
what the mages are and are aware of the Ascension War
and the fluid nature of reality.

Custos — Custos is a catch-all term for mages'
companions, whether they are acolytes, consors or famil-
iars.

Familiar — Familiars are spirits summoned by mages.
They are housed within bodies which are specially pre-
pared to receive them. Many appear as normal animals,
but they may be almost anything, from cats to computer
programs.

Hedge Magician — An un-Awakened sorcerer who
uses a very limited form of static magic (as opposed to
dynamic True Magick). Though they command powers
greater than those of common mortals, their arts are
limited by a variety of essential foci, rituals and other
perimeters and do not disrupt the Tapestry the way True
Magick does. Such magic works only one way, every time,
under certain conditions and with limited effect and
power.

Introduction



Chapter One:
Who Be These

Mortals?

Acolytes? Sounds like some sort o' church group. Consors? Isn't that somebody
who ain't good enough to marry aking or queen? Familiars? Why don't you just call ‘em
pets and have done with it? Who comes up with these lamebrained names? I call ‘em

servants and flunki

s. And I ain't never felt familiar enough with anything that I'd let

it bond with my mind. Call ‘em what you want, but tell the truth while you're at it!

— Sam Haine, Verbena Master

Whoare the people whoserve as mages'
companions? What is their position within
the Ascension War? Why are some chosen
while others are not? Each faction has crite-

ria they search for when seeking new

companions. Acolytes need have no special
talents at all. Consors tend to have market-

Wd able skills or special talents. Familiars are
Eee summoned by the mage with a specific pur-

pose in mind.

All too often, mages view their most important asso-
ciates as collections of useful abilities. With all the
possibilities of this universe and others spread before
them, the magickally Awakened have an unfortunate
tendency to regard their helpers, even consors, as mere

tools. They seem unaware of the irony inherent in their
own selective blindness regarding the people and crea-
tures closest to them.

To some extent, the custos categories are arbit

y.
An acolyte who has been with a mage for many years or
idered
a consor if she had more skills or useful talents. Some

who knows the true nature of reality might be con

consors work for mages, but never really understand who
it is that they are working for.

This chapter emphasizes the "utility value" of aco-
lytes, consors and familiars to their mages. Yet, it is wise to
remember that these "tools" are very much alive and have
their own views of their "masters" and their own paths to
follow.

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals?


Acolytes

I understand, you're busy saving the world. I'm expected
to take care of these little, unimportant things, but you'd think
it would be too much trouble for me to get some cooperation.
Nasty necromancers are out there, threatening the human
race, but meanwhile we're out of toilet paper.

— Simon Hawke, The Wizard of Lovecraft's Cafe

Good afternoon. The master is away at present, but shall
be more than happy to explain your new duties to you. I am
Reynolds, the butler. Though you might believe that a butler
has little to do with a guard's position, you would be in error.
T oversee all the servants here at Haven House. If you have any
sort of problem, please do not hesitate to bring it to me. I assure
you, I shall find a solution to it. Do not ever disturb the master
or his family and friends who live here with mundane concerns.
They are very busy and cannot be bothered with the everyday
running of the household.

Now as to your position, you shall guard the estate from
trespassers. You will be on duty for six hours each day. We like
to make certain our guards do not become inattentive through
boredom. You have your own room, and there are several game
rooms, a pool and a firing range where you may while away
your hours. Every three months, you shall have a week off, at
which time you may leave the estate. The salary is quite
generous. I see you agree. Then everything is settled?

Good. Welcome to the staff. Your room is the third to the
right down this hallway. You'll start tomorrow. I'll leave you
to yourself until then. Oh, yes, there is just one more thing...
don't let the flying leopards throw you. Just shoot them like you
would anything else. I'm sure you'll get along splendidly!

Acolytes are companions of fairly low power and ability.
This term suggests loyal, worshipful souls who aspire to follow
in the path of their mage, but relatively few acolytes fit that
description. While some acolytes know about magick, mages
and the Ascension War, most have sketchy knowledge at
best, and many are completely unaware of the true nature of
their Awakened employers or friends. Acolytes range from
menial Chantry servants to boon companions. Examples
include bandmates, cultists, occult shop employees, lab techs,
students or good friends. Servants (see The Book of
Chantries) fall into this category.

Acolytes can be available to assist characters during
stories by simply doing their jobs or by performing other
necessary services depending on their loyalty and ability.
They can also serve as useful hooks to draw the mage into
adventures, either through their actions in their private
lives or by their vulnerability to the mage's adversaries.
Remember that acolytes are (generally) regular folks who
may not necessarily volunteer to put themselves at great
tisk or cheerfully die for the mage. Of course, not all
acolytes have a choice in these matters. Nephandi tend to
think of (and treat) their acolytes as slaves. Marauder
acolytes may be caretakers for their insane charges or be
swept up into the altered reality of their madness.

14 Ascension's Right Hand

Consors

If you ever need anything please don't hesitate

To ask someone else first

I'm too busy acting like I'm not naive

I've seen it all I was here first

—wNirvana, "Very Ape"

"Well, there goes lunch." Church emerged from the
shadows of the alley and turned to follow Lorelei with his eyes,
hunger written across his handsome features. Shard grabbed
him by the collar and threw him most of the length of the alley
back into the deep shadows, where he crashed into a dumpster.

"Damn you, Church!" she hissed, baring her fangs. "I'll
kill you if you so much as look at Lorelei! Sate your thirst
elsewhere, or control yourself! We're here to watch over her,
not feed from her." Shards's ice blue eyes gleamed red in the
darkness as she waited to see if her Childe would try to fight her.
He picked himself up, glaring at her resentfully.

"But she was my type," he said plaintively.

"So are eight billion other people! You'll find some of them
here in this city. Type O isn't that rare. Now come on, or we're
going to lose her."

Shard's short black hair framed her delicate face, accen-
tuating her high cheekbones and pallor. Her torn black stockings,
hiking boots, a skirt which barely reached her upper thighs and
along black T-shirt with the slogan "All in all, I'd rather be in
Philadelphia" were topped with a fringed, black leather jacket.
Church wore jeans, black leather boots, a black T-shirt featur-
ing the movie poster from "The Crow" and a patched fatigue
jacket. His pale blond hair fell to his shoulders in a tousled mop.
She looked like she might be a model. He looked about 14.

"Why are we following her if we aren't gonna feed off
her?" he asked.

"Just shut up and come on, Church. We need to keep her
in sight. Somebody's been stalking her, and I have no intention
of letting them get her."

"But I'm hungry...," he mumbled, then sighed as they
hurried to keep the dark-haired Hollow One in sight.

Lorelei's hair was much longer than Shard's and had brilliant
silver and red streaks which started at her left temple. She wore a
spidery black lace skirt and a black see-through shirt over a ripped
leotard. A fringed shawl tied around her waist formed another
layer of skirt. Her ripped black leggings ended half an inch above
herankles, and she wore black ballet slippers that were turning gray
with age. Silver earrings dangled to her shoulders and pierced one
eyebrow. Her pale face stood out in stark contrast to the ring of
dark makeup around her eyes and her black lipstick.

She crossed the street and disappeared around a corner.
Shard hurried after her while Church lagged behind, still
grumbling. They heard the sound of a car accelerating as they
reached the turn. Church didn't hear the click of the safety
being released on the gun, but Shard's preternatural hearing
warned her, and she was already gone by the time he opened his
mouth to ask what was happening.


ant page

As he rounded the corner, he saw Shard diving in front of
Lorelei and being cut down by gunfire. Shard screamed as the
bullets tore into her. Glass from the storefront shattered and
cascaded over the two figures. The car screeched around
another turn and sped away from the scene of the attempted
assassination. Blood seemed to be everywhere. It had sprayed
the jagged glass windows and pooled on the sidewalk. Church
didn't even think of it as food. He thought Shard was dead until
she groaned and tried to sit up.

Lorelei shook the glass off herself. She held Shard's headin
her lap and stroked her raven hair. "Jesus, Shard, you idiot,
you're hurt! Can you heal yourself? Why do you do this shit
anyway?"

Shard laughed. "Somebody's gotta watch over you, sis.
That's my job!"

Operating on a higher level of ability than common
acolytes, consors know exactly what is going on and often
accompany mages into "the line of fire." For both Tradi-
tion and Technocracy, these include very skilled
un-Awakened mortals (witch-hunters, agents, scientists,
doctors, etc.), vampire or werewolf companions and Ho-
tizon Realm beings. Though not mages themselves, consors
are aware of the true nature of reality. They lack the
aptitude, ability or desire to learn True Magick. Guardians
(see The Book of Chantries) and constructs such as
golems and robots belong to this category.

These competent allie:
acolytes
term associates of mage:

are usually more skilled than

and more loyal as well. Consors tend to be long-
and will almost always cheerfully
tisk their lives for the mage. Over the course of time, many
mages find themselves owing debts to their longtime
companions.

The familiarity which results from the longer span of
the relationships, the mutual obligations and intimate
knowledge of each other, leads to a more equitable rela-
tionship between consor and mage. This is particularly
true in the case of supernatural consors such as vampires,
werewolves or spirits. Most consors have seen the mage
looking her worst (physically, mentally and emotionally),
and quite a few have dragged their mage's butt out of the
fire on more than one occasion. This shared experience
makes it very difficult for the mage to successfully sneer at
the consor over the dinner table or order her around
indiscriminately. The obvious relationship of the superior
employer to the lowly servant, so often found in the
interactions of mages and acolytes, is rarely seen between

a mage and a consor.

This relationship of relative equality often holds true
even among the Nephandi and Marauders. While
Nephandi will always be cruel and tyrannical in their
relationships, Nephandi consors are often "junior part-
ners" in the enterprise of corruption. Marauder consors
usually join the mage in creative insanity, helping to mold
and twist the universe (and often the mage) like taffy.


Familiars

Daddy only stares into the distance

There's only so much more that he can take

Many miles away something crawls from the slime at the

Bottom of a dark Scottish lake...

—The Police, "Synchronicity II"

My name is Suzi, and I'm five. I live here on Oak Street
with my friend Cindi. She's five too. We like to swing on the
swings and play dollies and dress-up. I like Cindi. She gives me
good things to eat. Cindi's mommy and daddy can't see me or
hear me. Cindi's teacher can't either, but Cindi can. Her
mommy and daddy and teacher told Cindi my name is "Imagi-
nary." They don't know it's really Suzi.

One day a bad man took Cindi away in his car. He didn't
know I got in too. He took us to a bad, smelly place and ripped
her dress. We got mad. Cindi made him stop, and I helped. The
red stuff that came out of his ears and nose looked like
fingerpaint. It took us a long time to walk home, and I was
hungry.

Cindi and I are friends. We'll be together forever and
ever.

Familiars bond with mages on a magickal level and
trade their knowledge and abilities in return for upkeep,
companionship and Quintessence. They are in no way
subservient to their mage (in fact, they often think of the
mage as their familiar), and their non-human perspectives
frequently prove to be as valuable to their companions as
their more concrete abilities. Mages should never forget,
however, that familiars have radically different world
views. They may see nothing wrong, for instance, in
randomly singling out a child to be killed for their amuse-
ment. Normal ideas of good and evil, of law and morality,
do not apply to these otherworldly spirits made flesh.
Mages had best use caution when agreeing to contracts
with these beings. They sometimes require extra services
or conditions over and above the minimum as rewards for
their help. These demands do not always make sense to
the mage, but failure to provide them once such is agreed
upon breaks the contract as far as the familiar is con-
cerned. On the other hand, mages can find no companions
more loyal so long as they fulfill their side of the bargain.
Aside from their ability to eat Paradox and provide infor-
mation, familiars may have other powers such as magickal
ability in one Sphere or danger sense.

Familiars may take the forms of animals, computer
programs, strange, otherworldly beings or something
else altogether. Although each Tradition has its favor-
ite or preferred form for familiars, as a general rule, most
of the Tradition mages (with the notable exception of
the Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts) tend to have
familiars that could pass for natural creatures. Some
Tradition mages have more exotic familiars, but these
stay in Horizon Realms. Their visits to static reality are,

16 Ascension's Right Hand


of necessity, quite brief. A few Technocracy mages may
have familiars who are quite similar to those of the
Traditions, but for the most part, the spirits they bond
with are housed in less natural forms. The Technocracy
almost never refers to these spirits as familiars, prefer-
ring to call them by some euphemism which better fits
their paradigm. Marauder familiars are the strangest of

all, like Abominable Snowmen, fire-breathing
dragopedes or a red-spotted Dalmatian that can play a
wicked chess game. Nephandi familiars are twisted
spirits who serve to corrupt those they serve and those
they come in contact with. (More information on
familiars can be found in The Book of Shadows: The
Mage Player's Guide.)

Mage Factions and their Followers

Like attracts like; custos tend to be
drawn to (or seized by!) mage factions
which travel in similar circles. The gen-
eral categories below cannot encompass
every sort of ally a mage might find, but
offer a range of un-Awakened compan-
ions for the wizards of your chronicle.

The Council
of Nine Traditions

Here and now are the Mysteries.

Out of no stored and storied past

Of things long lost;

But the breathing moment of time.

— Doreen Valiente, The Mysteries

Tradition mages are as varied in their preferences for
familiars, acolytes and consors as they are in all other
aspects of life. Mages from each Tradition shape all facets
of their lives so that they might work toward Ascension,
and their more personal goals, by whatever means best
suits their current pet paradigm. Mages attempt to find
and create ideal living situations, Horizon Realms and
magickal workings. They choose their less magickly adept
associates with equal care (or with at least an equivalent
amount of attention).

The following information gives an overview of what
mages of different Traditions typically look for in their
acolytes, consors and familiars. Keep in mind, though,
that the only thing truly typical about any mage is her
singularity.

Akashic Brotherhood

Acolytes

The Brotherhood tends to attract those who are
looking for enlightenment, but it also gets its share of
people who adore old Bruce Lee films. Many are clerks in
martial arts, health food and alternative book stores or
serve as waitpersons in Chinese or Indian restaurants,
especially the ones in which the food is authentic and
healthy. The Brothers respect and protect their acolytes.

They neither mistreat them nor coddle them, believing
that they will find the way to Ascension through contact
with those who seek it. Such companions are not all
martial arts proponents, however. The Brotherhood re-
portedly has a Chantry in which Mayan indians and
followers of the Dalai Lama serve as acolytes.

Consors

A lot of people make the mistake of thinking the
Akashic Brotherhood's consors are just martial arts fanat-
ics. They confuse the means with the ends. It's true they
attract certain types, but their consors aren't show-offs
who act like they're action movie stars. Mostly they're
serious students of Zen or yoga who can achieve amazing
results even without magic. Some levitate while meditat-
ing or move objects around without touching them. The
key is the power of the mind. Psychics and diviners fit in
well with the Akashics, as do peaceful Umbrood spirits.

¢ Familiars

The Akashic Brotherhood members tend to rely on
themselves and the powers of their own minds, but some
few either enjoy the companionship of a familiar or wish
to learn what the familiar can teach them. Generally,
Akashic familiars are clothed in the shapes of grasshop-
pers, monkeys and birds. Some are tigers and even llamas.
Quetzal birds are popular among the South and Central
American Brothers. The more bizarre ones must remain in
Horizon Realms most of the time and may be as fantastic
as feathered dragons or phoenixes. Akashic Brotherhood
familiars are reputed to be chosen from among the wisest
spirits.

Celestial Chorus

* Acolytes

The Chorus finds those who try to serve humanity in
some way. Soup kitchen workers, young people or old
ladies who hand out religious tracts, crusading police
officers, social workers, doctors at free clinics and TV
evangelists are all prime examples of the sort of person the
Chorus likes to recruit. Aside from their humanitarian
concerns, most of them have one thing in common —
they believe in something outside themselves that gives
them a purpose. Whether they are Christian, Jewish,
followers of Islam or adherents of the Goddess, all of them

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals?

17


worship a deity which they can associate with the One.
Whereas the Akashics go for those who believe in them-
selves, the Chorus attracts the ones who believe in
something outside themselves.

* Consors

Many of the Celestial Chorus' consors evince powers
of one sort or another. Some of them can't be Dominated
by vampires, and many of them have True Faith. They
sometimes have psychic powers which they attribute to
being chosen by the One. Perhaps they have been. A very
few have the power to summon otherworldly beings to
their aid. Whether these are angels or not is open to
speculation. Some Celestial Chorus consors act as witch-
hunters, stalking such evils as vampires and the Nephandi.
The hunters know various sorts of lore and ways to deal
with their foes and are often armed with "holy" weapons.
Bagheera (werepanthers) also love to interact with the
Chorus to discuss religion and philosophy and sometimes
serve as consors to do so.

 Familiars

Some Celestial Chorus mages are uncomfortable with
the idea of familiars, equating them with such things as
imps. Others see them as spirit beings that have as great a
connection to the One as any human. They tend to prefer
white birds (like doves) and lambs (when such wouldn't
cause comment), though many find it easiest to summon.
spirits into dog forms. Their more exotic familiars, those
who spend most of their time in Horizon Realms, tend
toward winged humanoids reminiscent of angels.

Cult of Ecstasy

* Acolytes

Cult of Ecstasy acolytes believe in having a good time.
Just about anyone who's into the entertainment business
or devoted to partying might make good Cult material.
They aren't simply mindless hedonists, however. Like
their mages, they use certain drugs, music or the high they
get from acting, dancing and even mountain climbing to
alter their consciousness. Musicians, actors, groupies,
psychedelics dealers, race car drivers, bungee jumpers and
all kinds of thrill-seekers qualify. One thing almost all the
Cult's acolytes have in common is their attractiveness. It
is as if beauty were one more stimulant.

Though the idea would surprise many outside the
Cult, the Ecstasy mages and their followers often practice
a rigid code of responsibility and self-discipline. This is
not a discipline of denial (far from it!), but foresight and
an eye toward the consequences of their behavior. Tran-
scending the boundaries only makes sense if you're around
to learn from what you have done. Although the Cult and
its custos appear to be mindless pleasure-seekers, there is
a method and a code underlying their indulgences.

18 Ascension's Right Hand

¢ Consors

Cult consors are usually like the Cult mages, trying to
push the envelope and force people out of their safe little
lives. They believe that if you break out of the mundane,
whatever is left must be the fantastic. Alternative media
folks, performance artists, poets and musicians make good
Cult consors. Most of them have some special touch of
power which makes them compelling. Some run night-
clubs of the more decadent kind; others started the white
water rafting craze to scare the bejeezus out of people and
wake them up. There are even some vampires that hang
out with the Cult; lots of Toreadors get into their music
and beauty. They also attract some Bastet (werecats) who
love their sensuousness. Cult mages are quite likely to
have Horizon Realm creatures as consors, and those beasties
may come complete with their own internal synthesizers
and hookahs. Changelings, too, are drawn to Cult mages
because of the creativity they can sense within them.

¢ Familiars

Like many among the Traditions, the Cult of Ecstasy
usually confine themselves to familiars that can pass as
normal animals. They tend to like ferrets, but have been
known to choose boa constrictors and exotic birds. Some
Cult mages prefer cats, including big ones such as cheetahs
or ocelots, though these are harder to explain to animal
protection groups. Those familiars who must remain in
Horizon Realms for the better part of their time usually
have pleasing, but completely alien, shapes and features.
Often they also exude heady perfumes or have melodious
voices as well. Many Cult familiars require some special
services in return for their bond —special music they must
have access to or regular infusions of hallucinogenics, for
example.

Dreamspeakers

* Acolytes

People who are attracted to the Dreamspeakers are
often those who believe in the guardian spirits of the land
or who work to protect the environment. Many of them
are into crystals and holistic medicine, aromatherapy,
shamanism and tribal beliefs, whether those are American
Indian teachings, Aboriginal or African. The
Dreamspeakers attract shamans, dancers, drummers, ecolo-
gists and such.

© Consors

Dreamspeaker consors are those who see beyond
outward trappings in their search for truth. They tend to
spearhead environmental movements. Lots of them are
movers and shakers in their tribes, working for the return
of American Indian artifacts or fighting for African na-
tional identity. Many of the Native Americans have
popularized pow wows where the drums, chanting, singing
and dancing can trance people out and get them wired at
the same time.


Qualmi (werelynx) and Pumonca (werecougars) some-
times serve as consors for Dreamspeakers, as do the Balam
(werejaguars), who are involved in trying to preserve the
South American rain forest. Some Dreamspeaker consors
have subtle powers, even more impressive than the
Akashics'abilities. Many Umbrood spirits work with the
Speakers, and they attract Garou, who work in concert
with the Dreamspeakers on behalf of Gaia.

¢ Familiars

Dreamspeakers prefer their familiars in the shapes of
various totem animals. Dogs, wolves, bears, eagles, kanga-
100, foxes, snakes and monkeys are all common choices.
Those that are more exotic or that the public would
consider dangerous are kept quietly in more isolated
locations and not paraded around. Dreamspeakers take
great pains to keep the familiars who wear the shapes of
endangered species out of the limelight, lest the authori-
ties attempt to take them away. Their more exotic familiars
assume the guise of white buffalo or thunderbirds or long-
extinct animals such as mammoths. While some may exist
on earth so long as they are kept hidden, others may only
visit occasionally and reside in Horizon Realms.

Euthanatos

¢ Acolytes

For the most part, Euthanatos followers are people
who want to help others to understand the death process.
Many of them have what others would consider a morbid
interest in death and dying, although mystery writers,
psychologists and physicians are as common among the
followers of the Euthanatos as are occultists, undertakers,
survivalists and hit men.

© Consors

Many people believe that the Euthanatos and their
custos are only crazed killers, but nothing could be further
from the truth. Euthanatos do not kill on a whim. For
them, each death has a purpose and every life is sacred.
Euthanatos are the least likely to accept a psychopath
among them, for those sick individuals kill for no reason
and serve no higher purpose. It is simply a matter of wiping
the slate clean when it's time for somebody to let go. Some
Euthanatos consors seem concerned with nothing but
torture and death, but others are the most compassionate
people you'll ever meet. Some consors are active in the
right-to-die movement, and attorneys among them have
become specialists in helping people obtain and imple-
ment living wills. Others are the forensics experts who
work with the police, but help the Euthanatos cover their
tracks, and the performance artists staging death-plays to
help people come to terms with their fear of death. A few
Euthanatos even attract vampires and ghosts, the Awak-
ened dead.

ui

Bastet (Werecats)

It is extremely rare for werecats to be companions to
mages, so it is a fortunate mage indeed who has a Bastet as
a consor. It is doubtful that they see themselves in the
sidekick role, however. Bastet consider themselves to be
"the eyes of Gaia" and believe that She created them to
oversee her human children. Watchful and curious, the
Bastet are ever fascinated by the inventiveness of human-
ity. Their inquisitiveness and love of diversion are their
main reasons for associating with mages, along with their
penchant for sensuousness (they love being petted and
stroked and revel in new sensations).

Bastet see their association with mages as educa-
tional. They believe they have the divine right to know
everything and unearth all secrets, while revealing little of
what they know to non-Bastet. These fascinating crea-
tures are graceful, vain and independent. They greatly
value cleanliness and are fastidious about their grooming.
For the most part, they are solitary, staking claim to their
own territories and defending them against interlopers.*
They meet during full moons at gatherings called taghairm.
There they sing, tell tales and exchange all the juicy
information they've gathered since the last meeting. Gos-
sip among themselves is considered a high art, and good
dirt is likely to garner much fame.

Each Bastet has her own Den-Realm, the only place
where she may freely pass through the Gauntlet. Bastet
cannot step sideways as Garou do unless they possess the
Gift: Walking Between Worlds. The territory each claims
inher Den-Realm extends to the portion of the Penumbra
which surrounds her claimed earthly den.

There are (or were) nine tribes of Bastet, though one
of them, the Ceilican of northern Europe and Britain, has
supposedly been destroyed. They are the Bagheera (Pan-
ther), the Balam (Jaguar), the Bubasti (Egyptian), Khan
(Tiger), Pumonca (Cougar), Simba (Lion), Swara (Chee-
tah) and Qualmi (Lynx). They are found throughout the
world in their native habitats, though all Bastet are rare.
Bagheera are sages; Balam currently defend the South
American rain forests, and Bubasti are thought by many to
be extinct. Khan passionately hate and hunt humans for
decimating their tiger cousins and destroying their habi-
tat. Pumonca interact with Native American cultures and
Uktena Garou. Simba are the only Bastet who live in
groups (or prides) and were originally to have led catkind.
Swara were once the messengers of the Bastet and tend to
be shy and nervous, while Qualmi practice cat and human
hedge magick and breed exclusively with Native Ameri-
cans. They have several powers and Gifts as well as their
own Rites. More complete information on the Bastet and
other kinds of changing creatures can be found in The

Werewolf Players Guide.

¢ Familiars

The Euthanatos' familiar spirits tend to be of the
darker sort. They like creatures such as black dogs, rats,
snakes and birds. The most popular shape for Euthanatos
familiars is that of a raven or crow. Many of these spirits
require the sacrifice of some smaller creature (a mouse, for
example) to them as both food and spiritual sustenance.
Their stranger spirits may be quite fantastic, assuming
shapes which are capable of dealing out death. They can
be quite varied, with some that may resemble the Creature
from the Black Lagoon, while others assume a form like
that of Kali, the Hindu goddess of death.

Order of Hermes

° Acolytes

Acolytes for the Order of Hermes tend toward se-
crecy. They love mystickal, magickal languages and
symbols. They are mathematicians, occultists like the
Order of the Golden Dawn, Freemasons and other secret
societies untainted by the Nephandi and people who like
playing with codes and formulas — scientists, cryptogra-
phers or those who like to work the puzzles in the newspaper.
Many of their most trusted acolytes are old family retain-
ers whose ancestors have kept the mages' households in
order for generations.

© Consors

The Order attracts spies and unusually secretive people
or those who tend to think and speak in codes or meta-
phors. Influential Talmudic scholars, lawyers and
alchemist-types love being part of the Order. Scientists,
pure theorists who only speak mathematics and science-
ese, that don't join the Technocracy or the Sons of Ether
slip in with them too. The Order also seems to get
paramilitary sorts for some reason. Some Bagheera, the
werepanther sages of Bastet, serve as their consors, prob-
ably because the Order based a lot of their magickal
formulae on ancient Egyptian magick.

¢ Familiars

The spirits who respond to Order of Hermes mages'
calls tend to think in symbols. They are among the most
intelligent and well-informed familiars, but can be diffi-
cult to understand. Even when the mage believes she has
plumbed the depths of meaning in her familiar's cryptic
remarks, she may have been too literal or not literal
enough in her interpretation. These familiars almost al-
ways require access to magickal tomes in return for their
services. Non-black cats, owls, goats, frogs and snakes are
favorite forms for familiars, though pot-bellied pigs are
gaining in popularity as they become acceptable as house-
hold pets. Many of the Order's stranger familiars such as
lamasu, sphinxes and griffins are confined to their Hori-
zon Realms where they cause no Paradox.

20 Ascension's Right Hand


Sons of Ether

* Acolytes

Contrary to popular belief, not all Sons of Ether
acolytes are earnest young men with pocket protectors
and glasses taped in the middle. There are a few such
among them, those who haven't been recruited by the
Technocracy. Not all of them look like nerds, though.
The six footer who is built like a Neanderthal, works on
cars, and talks nothing but autojargon is one. So is the
gorgeous girl who speaks of quantum physics like she
invented it (maybe she did). Anybody who's interested in
inventions and science and eccentric theories fits right in
with the Sons. Never underestimate the power of some-
body who can earn a Ph.D! Some of the Sons are unable
to work well with living servitors or feel uneasy in social
situations. These tend to build their own acolytes, robots
programmed to perform certain functions and who don't
bother the mage with undesired chatter.

* Consors

Just like the mages themselves, their consors are
usually tinkerers. All of them love to play with gadgets and
try to build balloon cars, thought meters and mind rays.
Lots of psychics end up as their consors, if only because the
Sons are the ones acting as parapsychologists. They are
editors of alternative science magazines, chaos theorists
and inventors. They have also constructed more ad-
vanced robots to act as their consors, either serving as
walking reference libraries or acting as security forces.
Computerizing systems in cars was thought up by the Sons
and the Virtual Adepts working in tandem as a way to
provide them with mobile consors. The ones they've
made are far superior to what most folks can get. Some of
their consors are television people who have been backing
shows that feature computerized and sentient cars and
futuristic computer companions.

¢ Familiars

The Sons summon the weirdest spirits and Umbrood
types. These seem to be almost as inventive as the mages
they bond to. Various types of robot bodies are usually
made available to them, and some mages go so far as to
make cars, brooms and even items of apparel for their
familiar spirits to inhabit. A few Sons create more natural
forms such as dogs or cats for their familiars, but most
prefer to house their spirit companions within strange
machinery of some sort. Weird monster and alien types are
another favorite form, though these must stay in Horizon
Realms or cause great Paradox if spotted by Sleepers.

Verbena

* Acolytes

Witches, Wiccansand New Agers tend tohang out with
the Verbena. Lots of them are fine holistic or herbal healers,
anda lotare just good ol' country people. Many are very down.
toearth, full of common sense and folk wisdom. What seems

to distinguish them from other people is that they demand
freedom. Most are independent thinkers who don't let soci-
ety dictate how they will live.

© Consors

Whereas the acolytes focus on the freedom to be had
with the Verbena, their consors are somewhat more in-
formed. They'reall very much into life. Surgeonsand chemists
thataren't Technocracy tainted sometimes find the Verbena
to their liking. A lot of the recent popularity of holistic
medicine and Chinese herbalism was started by Verbena
consors. Nudists tend to fit right in, and pharmacists and
midwives make good recruits. Certain teachers and lawyers
reach a lot of young people and infect them with ideas of
individual freedom and liberties. Some werecats enjoy asso-
ciating with them, especially those Verbena with cat-type
familiars. A few changelings and mythical beasts from the
Umbra find that they are compatible with Verbena as well.
The scariest consor on record was created by a particularly
powerful Verbena who'd lost his mind. He apparently woke
up on the wrong side of the bed and animated a blood-
drenched tree that acted as his bodyguard for a time.

¢ Familiars

Verbena tend to prefer cats as their chosen shape for
familiar spirits. Most choose black, though a few like
white, calico, orange or grey cats. Other favored shapes
include crows, owls, mice, dogs, sheep and goats. Some
few create horse familiars. Among their more exotic
familiars are those that resemble unicorn, pegasi, lepre-
chauns and brownies. These usually serve from Horizon
Realms, but may occasionally cross into static reality for
brief periods to inspire children and fantasists.

Virtual Adepts

° Acolytes

Move over, Mr. Data! Virtuals tend to attract science
fiction fans in droves. Most of them want to find out what
it's like to make love in virtual reality. Hackers, computer
game players and anybody who likes computerized gadgets
fits in with the Adepts. Some people who are on computer
bulletin boards exchange information that is useful to the
Adepts and never realize they are serving as their acolytes.

¢ Consors

Adept consors tend to be computer programmers and
designers. Many of them design intricate security pro-
grams, while others concentrate on creating computer
games which stretch people's imaginations and open
them up to new possibilities. They also have an entire
network of consors that they meet online in BBSs. Those
could be anybody and do anything. Certain Garou help
them out occasionally, and some more primitive Als also
serve them as consors. The Virtual Adepts have also
profited from a joint venture with the Sons of Ether which
produced some very sophisticated computerized cars — in
effect traveling consors.

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals? 21


¢ Familiars

Virtual Adept spirit contacts tend to be "ghosts in the
machine," super-enhanced programs or Als. They are not
always found within computers, however. Adepts tend to
computerize their living quarters, and their safety might be
overseen by a quite sentient and powerful spirit housed within
the security system. They even manage to carry familiars with
them in the form of pocket calculators and laptops. A few
Adepts work with familiars in more normal forms like dogsand
cats, but they are the minority. Their more fantastic spirits
tend toward the truly alien, being beams of light or concentric
rings of sparkling motes or shaped much like computer icons.
Whenever these cross into the real world, they do so by means
of the virtual realities created by the Adepts.

The Orphans
and the Lost Tradition

Some come dark and strange like dying

Crows and ravens whistling

Lines of weeping, strings of crying

So much said in listening

Songs to aging children come

Aging children, I am one.

— Joni Mitchell, "Songs to Aging Children Come"

Orphans attract followers just like Tradition mages do,
but many more Orphan acolytes and consors tend to be real
outsiders than those who join with the Council of Nine.
Many are self-taught, some pursue individual occult theories,
and some would never be thought of as material for acolytes
(junkies, bag ladies) or consors (gang members, sewer main-
tenance workers). Orphan familiars are usually related in
some way to the type of magick the Orphan practices. An
Orphan who utilizes his computer might attract an Al's
attention, while another who leans heavily toward Akashic
Brotherhood teachings may keep wild songbirds like night-
ingales. Other familiars could simply follow the mage home.
Mice inhabiting the corner of the occult shop, eagles, crick-
ets, dolphins, a friend's boa constrictor, iguanas, the stray cat
the Orphan feeds out of compassion oreven the family petare
all potential material.

Although the Hollow Ones are by no means the only
Orphans, they are the best-known faction. Their custos,
while leaning a little heavily toward the outré, are fairly
representative.

Hollow Ones
* Acolytes
Hollow Ones find the Traditions too moribund. They
know life sucks, but party anyway. They Awakened on their
ownand don't owe anybody anything. Anyone who wants to
party with them is welcome to join. Blood dolls, artists,

runaways and punkers can all be found serving as acolytes for
the Hollow Ones. They take care of themselves and don't

2 Ascension's Right Hand

seem to fit in anywhere else. The Hollow Ones respect the
abilities and individuality of their acolytes. Most of them feel
it is all pointless, but they may as well go out in style.

© Consors

Hollow Onesare into vampires, ghosts and anything else
that can show them a few new truths. They draw those who
like to take risks. A lot of their people are artists of one sort or
another, musicians, writers, dancers or fashion designers who
have influence in their fields. Club owners, performance
artists and any sort of cutting edge types are welcome. Mostly,
though, they are just friends of the mages who havea few skills
beyond cooking or putting another CD on.

¢ Familiars

Orphans, particularly Hollow Ones, pick up familiars
that are similar to those the Traditions prefer, though
strange ones such as imaginary playmates are not unheard
of. They tend to like "spooky" things, going for black cats,
rats and ravens. Some prefer tarantulas. The Umbrood
types they call up are extraordinarily Gothic.

Ahl-i-Batin

* Acolytes

Most Ahl-i-Batin acolytes come from families who
have served their mage masters for generations — some-
times without knowing they serve mages at all. They are
very traditional and hold their positions to be ones of great
import, as they must serve their masters' needs, yet remain
discreet in all matters. Many acolytes seek service with
those they perceive to be holy men to purify their hearts
and minds. While some are humble servants or beggars,
others such as doctors, holy men and scholars all know of
the wisdom of prayer and the ancient ways.

* Consors

The Ahl-i-Batin were once part of the Traditions, but
were lost to them long ago. Only recently has contact between
them been reestablished. Holy men and scholars from various
Islamic sects, a few assassins and professional soldiers all serve
the Ahl-i-Batin. Discretion is counted highly. They were once
great proponents of mind magic, and psychics are drawn to
them because of their knowledge in this area.

¢ Familiars

In general, Ahl-i-Batin are somewhat hesitant when
dealing with familiars, for many remember the raw chaos of
the Marauders and their djinn companions. Those who do
accept familiars (or who are accepted by them) are much like
the Traditions in their choice to house the spirits within the
forms of natural-seeming animals like goats, sheep or camels.
Rumor has it that they also make golems. Their more exotic
familiars take the shape of rocs and giant tigers. It is said that
they are able to exist for longer periods of time instatic reality
because more Arab people still believe in such things. It is
also theorized that they remain longer because anyone seeing
one of them simply believes she is experiencing a hallucina-
tion brought on by the desert's heat.

The Technocracy

By reminding us of our deep cosmic ignorance, science
— far from dulling the mystery of existence — sharpens it
the way garlic wafting on the evening breeze whets your
appetite. It reminds us that we dwell in a mystery that is
ultimately more to be savored than solved.

—Dennis Overbye, Time

Gentlemen and ladies, it has come to our attention that
recruitment among the unenlightened has recently begun to
slip. We all know how busy we are with our various
projects, but without adequate assistance, none of us shall
succeed. We are in dire need of more household servants,
lab assistants, factory workers, clerks, computer operators,
guards, receptionists and so on. Aside from their value in
these areas, those selected will serve as unwitting control
groups for many of our ongoing projects. Our need for more
highly trained operatives is also great.

You have been chosen from among our operatives to
recruit those whose services we need. We anticipate that
you will be able to persuade 85.6% of those you approach
so long as you utilize care in selecting those you contact. To

ist you in doing so, I have composed a memo with a few
observations concerning our most likely prospects. Please
read and initial it to show that you have absorbed the
material in it. Congratulations on your new appointment:

To the Technocracy, allies and followers fall into
the "favored servant" role. As the Technocrats are
chosen to protect and help humanity, their more mun-
dane helpers are lesser partners in this magnificent
enterprise. There is a great distinction between drones
and allies in the Technocracy mindset; while the former
are naturally good citizens, the latter are more desirable
when real work needs to be done.

Nearly all allies are regarded as security risks by the
higher ranks of leadership. Tasks and information given
to the unenlightened are on a "need-to-know" basis.
This is not to say that Technomancer allies are treated
badly; most are given rewards commensurate with their
usefulness and loyalty. Those who betray that trust,
however, are relegated to Horizon Realm workpits and
laboratories. There, they can continue toserve the greater
good while suffering the punishment they deserve.

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals? 2B


Memo to Recruiters
From: J.B. Cullington, Regional HQ, NWO.

The New World Order has gathered this information in an. attempt, to assist our fellow
Conventions in acquiring new staff. Itis hoped that by heeding the suggestions contained herein,
overlap will be minimized and efficiency maintained. The following are the most likely prospects
for recruitment into our Convention control groups. They have been separated into target groups
as technicians and operatives for your convenience:

Iteration X

¢ Technicians : aes

People who are interested in computer technology and cybernetics.are naturally of great interest to Iteration
X. Such may be found at almost any university or computer store. Recruitment efforts might also be extended to
those who appreciate different kinds of high tech devices and weapons. Science fiction fans Who are attracted to
hard science and cyberfiction also make excellent recruits, provided they have not been infected with the fantasies
and delusions of the kind which spawned the Virtual .Adepts and, Sons, of Ether. Computer operators and
programmers are preferred. Maids and janitors are needed for some locations, and.security guards are required
to staff several new facilities. Each candidate must be either bondable or capable of receiving a security clearance
(though they will, of course, not be told the true extent of their work). Often, a talented individual with the potential
to serve Iteration X is found among those who fancy a job in which they believe they are privy to secrets. Remember
that they must be capable of strictly following orders. Iteration X will tolerate'no'mavericks.

° Operatives , ' ‘

Mechanical engineers and computer designers of both hard- and software are primary, targets for recruitment
as operatives. Additionally, those with physical handicaps who might be improved by Iteration X's cybernetic
replacements should be vigorously pursued. Anyone who evinces psychic powers should immediately be reported
to the Convention. Operatives are instructed not to contact these persons directly. There is no need for recruitment
operatives to investigate non-human sources such as Artificial Intelligences. Iteration' X would, however, be
interested in hearing of any Als that are found as a result of your more mundane investigations.

New World Order

° Technicians

It should be obvious that the New World Order is most interested in those who can gather information, but not
spread it to the wrong ears. Statisticians, poll takers, credit bureau clerks, "snitches" and bondable household
servants are the first choices. Security guards, historians and those who enjoy cracking'the codes found in
newspapers are other possible targets. Remember that itiisinot enough that recruits be capable of gathering and
processing information; they must also be discreet. Again, we accept only. those who can follow orders precisely.
In all cases, it is best if.the candidates are not told anything of the actual nature of the New World Order, If they
believe they are working for the government and think that what they know might compromise national security, so
much the better.

° Operatives

Experts in computer languages, foreign languages and statistical analysis are our primary targets for the
moment. Espionage agents, undercover police officers, private investigators, experts in surveillance media and
special forces trainees are likewise sought for immediate recruitment. Fortune tellers who show signs of genuine
ability to predict the future should be immediately brought to the Convention's attention. As always, discretion is
a must.

The Progenitors

¢ Technicians

The Progenitors need people who can act as lab assistants, watching over minor experiments in progress,
cleaning equipment, mixing chemicals and performing general tasks which call for repetition more than insight.
Chemistry and pre-med students who show no signs of brilliance, even bartenders, are all possible targets. In
addition, the Progenitors are looking for hardy genetic types to serve as security and servants. Don't overlook gang
members or addicts who might be recruited in return for drugs, runaways who will cooperate in return for shelter
and food or animals that might serve as guards once they are properly enhanced.


a

° Operatives

Gifted surgeons and medical researchers should be recruited for the Progenitors immediately. Pharma-
cists, drug designers, biologists, chemists and geneticists are désired recruits. as well: Pure genetic types are
needed to "assist" with experiments in progress. Criminals who volunteer fot:medicaliexperiments could serve
in this capacity as well.

The Syndicate : peer es
¢ Technicians ‘
CPAs, bank tellers, loan officers, store clerks and anyone else who knows how to handle money is of

interest to the Syndicate. They prefer to recruit their support staff'such as maids, guards, Secretaries and such
from those who have fallen into arrears on loans, have overextended themselves with their credit cards, or who
are overdrawn at the bank. Additionally, they are seeking, enforcer-types: bruisers, football players, brawlers
at the local bar. Any of these might be of use. , ree i siti
* Operatives , pis
The Syndicate is most interested in acquiring the services of members of crime families and organizations,
corporate officers and professional financial consultants. Experts i in security systems, prison guards, gang
members and mercenaries should be secondary targets. Finally, media Cen such as journalists, admen
and television Dae ele ‘could be canvassed as wel a feperna

Void Engineers é Se ae

* Technicians %

Though they therr elves he have é only re rec quested "Volunteers for sari voyages," we have taken the
liberty of also requesting gvars household staff and guards to serve as technicians for the Void Engineers.
Aside from reckless thrill-seekers, explorer positions might attract cartographers, space exploration buffs and
UFO enthusiasts. The more mundane staff may be foundialmost anywhere, hut Raye 4a they are
working for NASA or some such agency. ‘ sf HOt SBI *

*Operatives ~ it @Oamtiior!)

Aerospace engineers and astronomers head the Void Engineer' s list of des operatives. stigate the
possibilities in anyone involved in the space industry such as theorists or radio astronomers or in manufacturing
optical magnifiers or space probes. Additionally, highly-trained security personnel are needed.

Please be advised that recruitment operatives are not to bother!Convention members in' order to gain
access to Horizon Realm creatures. These will'be dealt'with directly by the leaders of each Construct.

General note: All Conventions desire charismatic; inspirational and tain dea tale to serve as
recruitment operatives... _ fissiw oe iat x

Thank you for your coenerclt Initial below.

{Vis lo Wiad

Sai aE tesa®

i


Technocracy Familiars

The Technocracy have few natural-seeming famil-
iars. Of these, the Progenitors make clones of normal
creatures and genetically enhance them, while the New
World Order utilizes black dogs that follow the Men in
Black. These are known as "special bonded operatives."

The Syndicate is generally leery of familiars, fearing that
they will not be able to control them and will thereby throw
awild card into their plans. Nonetheless, some have familiars
that can serve well as spies, suchas rats. Not surprisingly, they
call them "information specialists." Iteration X utilizes the
same sorts of special programs and Als as the Virtual Adepts.
Neither the Adepts nor Iteration X realizes that their famil-
iars regularly exchange information, since they see no
particular difference between the two sides. Iteration X's
familiars are known as "conceptuals."

The Void Engineers clothe their familiars in truly alien
flesh. Many are patterned after the short, bald aliens with the
large heads, small mouths and big eyes popularized by Close
Encounters of the Third Kind. These in turn were based on the
Void Engineer'sfamiliars, whoare regularly spotted by people
living in remote areas. Often, these familiars demand the
right to kidnap humans and experiment on them as part of
their contract with the Engineers. This may account for the
number of UFO kidnapping "I-was-experimented-on-by-
aliens" stories prevalent among certain tabloids. These

familiars are called "aliens."

The Nephandi

Because I'm evil. I thought you would have figured that
out by now.

— Baron Orloch, Transylvania 6-5000

"Line up!" He checked out the new recruits as they fell in and
formed a ragged line. A couple of them looked like real prospects.
Maybe they'd done a couple of years in ROTC or read Soldier of
Fortune magazine. One or two looked like gangers who'd decided
to go their own way. The rest were the usual sorry-ass wimps he
hated almost as much as the goddamn niggers and kikes. He
strutted back and forth in front of them. He was particularly fond
of the way he looked in his black uniform and boots. With his
hairless head, it made him look tough and almost regal.

"This is the Proving Ground. If you ain't ready, you got no
business bein' here. Now you may think you'll just ease on into
‘your training. Get that out of your minds right now. This here is
awar. You're the soldiers. We gotta clean this country up. The
damn niggers and kikes have the government by the balls, and
they're squeezin' hard, but we're here to change all that. We're here
to take America back for the real Americans." He stopped and
looked them over, willing just one of them to try to speak or cough,
waiting for the opportunity to show them who was in charge.

"I'm called Body Count. I earned my name. If you want
to be apart of us, each of you is gonna have to earn a name for
himself. We're about to let you do that. Any o' you girls too
sensitive for this line of work better speak up."

26 Ascension's Right Hand

Lr


A few of them shifted uncomfortably , but no one left the line.

"Arright. Now we're all gonna have alittle test. Step over to
the supply depot, and grab a weapon. They're loaded, so watch
your asses. Now down at the end of the field, you may see some
targets we've set up. We're gonna go practice shootin' right now.
Ifyouain' tnever done that, you're gonna learn —fast. Somarch,
double quick time. Run, you sorry mothers!" he screamed.

After half an hour getting used to their weapons, he judged
they were ready.

"That's enough!" he yelled, moving down the line until all
had stopped. He pointed to a covered truck making its way
toward them. "Here comes the real fun."

The truck pulled up, and Body Count opened the canvas
in the rear. Inside sat three black children. The youngest was
alittle boy about six years old. He had a pinched face and huge
brown eyes. The middle child looked about seven or eight. He
was round, with pudgy hands, short, sausage-like legs and fat
cheeks. The eldest, a girl who might have been nine, had the sort
of delicate look Body Count liked. He wished there were time
for other things than the hunt today and briefly regretted the lost
opportunity. He manhandled them out of the truck, roughly
tossing them into the dirt. The youngest began to cry.

"Shut up!" he yelled, kicking the child. He looked around
tosee the recruits' reactions. A few looked tense, like they knew
they should stop this, but didn't really want to. Some looked
excited as they realized what was about to happen. One was
frowning. He noted the frowner, then tumed to the children.
The girl had put an arm around the smaller boy. The child
shivered, but dared not make a sound.

"Now," Body Count said, "we're gonna play a little
game. You three are gonna run across this field and head for
those woods. We're gonna give you a three minute start. Then
we're coming after you. Run!"

The children stood for amomentas if they couldn' t believe
what was happening, then the girl tugged on the smaller boy's
hand and they took off running. The round boy goggled at Body
Count's gun as he pulled it out and pointed it at him.

"I said run, nigger, or I'll kill you right here."

A few of the recruits snickered as Body Count yelled,
"Lookit ‘em go! Just like coons!"

"We're not seriously supposed to hunt down and kill those
kids, are we?"

Just like he'd figured, the frowner was a weenie.

"Well, hell, no," Body Count crooned. "At least, you
aren't." He shuddered orgasmically as he leveled his gun at the
frowner and shot him between the eyes.

"Any other objections?" he asked. "No? Then let's go
hunt some coon."

The followers and allies of the Fallen Ones tend to
either cater to the demented corruption of their masters or
fall beneath their lash. These allies are often sick in some
way — physically, mentally or spiritually unwell. This
sickness is not always obvious, but might be noticed by the
perceptive or wise.


Acolytes

The acolytes of these corrupt mages are either dupes
or slaves. For the most part, individual members of either
group are completely unimportant to the Nephandi. They
are cannon fodder that provides some slight amusement
while they live. In groups, they are useful tools to be used
as needed and discarded when broken.

Dupes: The Nephandi work best when they hide
their influence by controlling Sleeper groups (who are
referred to as dupes or stooges). Such diverse groups as
Satanists, neo-Nazis, the KKK, certain secret societies
around the world and even some Masonic lodges serve as
dupes for the Nephandi. For the most part, the mages are
content to allow their stooges to spout their homegrown
views and perform their various rituals (whether sacrific-
ing chickens to Satan or beating up Jews in the name of
Hitler) without overt interference. Changes are brought
about over time by insinuating "guides" among them who
subtly corrupt the groups they join and bring them closer
to furthering Nephandi goals. Dupes who begin asking too
many questions often disappear and become slaves.

Slaves: Slaves usually have few talents that the
Nephandi would find useful. Healthy bodies which can
endure physical punishment and long hours of menial
work are the primary criteria by which they are chosen. Of
secondary importance is any vestige of innocence which
might be corrupted or destroyed. Slaves rarely have the
ability to become mages, though many who are chosen
think of themselves as being "special" in some way. Those
who play with ouija boards, groove to Satanic music, hold
séances or follow strange, mystic cults or religions qualify
for slave status. Of course, anyone can become a slave; the
qualifications aren't stringent. They areas likely to choose
those who attend church regularly and volunteer their
time to teach disadvantaged kids. There is no safety in
goodness and nowhere to hide if the Nephandi want you.
Literally anyone who can be kidnapped or enticed into
accompanying a Nephandi slaver is a potential recruit.

Slaves are used to perform menial labor in Nephandi
labyrinths. They are kept in line with mental domination
or brute force. They are the lowest of the low and highly
expendable. As an amusement for their masters, slaves are
allowed to realize all the details of their situation while
being prevented from doing anything to change it. Aside
from their chores, many are kept by individual mages as
sex slaves and subjected to every imaginable kind of
humiliation and torture, "just for practice." Those are the
lucky ones. Some are earmarked for use as toys or sacrifices
for the mages' Nephandi masters.

There are three main groups of Nephandi. Each
prefer slightly different sorts of dupes and slaves.

Infernalists: These Nephandi make pacts with the
demon hordes of the Astral Umbra. They generally prefer
Satanic cults and their attendant heavy metal hordes as

28 Ascension's Right Hand


dupes, although they also enjoy seducing mystic religious
cults into following their practices. Favored slaves are
those who are hardy enough to endure prolonged torment
or who are innocent or corruptible to be given as gifts to
fulfill parts of the infernalists' pacts with the demons.

Malfeans: Malfeans serve corruption itself. Their
preferred dupes are irresponsible developers, business-
men, politicians and special interest groups. They are
usually blind to the greater good in their selfish and
narrow vision of the world and so corrupt that they don't
care where their money comes from. Slaves are chosen
fromamong their most vocal opponents or from those who
will be little missed (winos, addicts, homeless and run-
aways).

Outsiders: Those who serve these incomprehen-
sible entities who inhabit the Deep Umbra use
power-hungry, greedy people as their dupes. Promising
wealth or advancement, they organize them into cults
whose primary function is to perform rituals and sacrifices.
These rites are designed to test out ways of breaking down.
the barriers which prevent the Nephandi-Lords from
entering the world and tearing reality to shreds. Their
secondary function is to recruit people in decision-making
positions in city, state or national government to their
cause.

Nephandi Consors

Regardless of which group the Nephandi belong to,
all find the following the most useful as consors:

Corrupters: Corrupters are usually leaders of lunatic-
fringe political parties, extremist factions, particularly
virulent survivalists or hate-mongering evangelists. Hav-
ing been corrupted by the Nephandi, they are encouraged
in their particular brand of hate and sent to gather new
members. Funded by the Nephandi, they are often ma-
nipulated by plants among their converts, who whip up
righteous fervor among the rank and file.

Fellow Travelers: These are the Umbral creatures
and supernatural allies of the Nephandi. They might be
lesser demons or Banes sent to assist the Nephandi or
attracted by their work, or weird, incomprehensible and
disgusting creatures who offer their services for unknown.
reasons. Vampires, in particular Sabbat who follow the
Path of Evil Revelations, often ally themselves with
Nephandi, as do the corrupt Garou known as Black Spiral
Dancers.

NephandiFamiliars

The Nephandi have weird and twisted Umbral crea-
tures as their familiars. Usually the more hideous they are,
the more power they have. Nephandi-Lords must give
their permission before those under them may have famil-
iars. In many cases, the Lord calls for a specific type of
creature to answer the summons.

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals? 29


A significant number of Nephandi familiars are bi-
zarre beings that seem to embody the forces of entropy and
decay. Often these entities can hasten decay, cause the
cessation of growth, or otherwise produce entropic effects
in others. It is believed that some of these familiars may
even feed on this process, thriving at the lowest, most
chaotic point of the universal cycle. Regardless of the
truth of this assertion, there is little doubt that most
Nephandi familiars only remain familiars for as long as
they are allowed to play their perverse games of deteriora-
tion and decay. Some may, in fact, be minor demons. Inall
cases, however, the familiar serves to further corrupt the
Nephandi to whom it owes allegiance, just as surely as it
corrupts the Nephandi's foes.

Marauders

And it's hi ho hey, Iam the bold marauder
And its hi ho hey, Lam the white destroyer

For Iwill show yousilver and gold, and I will bring you treasure
Twill wave a widowing flag, and I will be your lover

And I will show you grotto and cave and sacrificial altar
And will show youblood on the stone, and I will be your mentor
And night will be our darling, and fear will be our name
— Richard Farina, "Bold Marauder"

"Would you like some more tea, mum?" I realized I was
holding a lovingly polished silver teapot over the diminutive,
white-haired lady's rose pattern teacup. I was wearinga maid's
uniform with a starched white apron, a matching cap and
sensible shoes. My hair was pulled severely back into a bun.
This was strange because I had thought I was wearing jeans and
viewing Whistler's Mother, which was currently on loan at
our local museum. Now I seemed to be talking to this weird old
lady.

"Oh, that would be delightful, Annie," she answered in
her cultured British accent, crinkling her lined face into what
she probably believed was a winning smile.

I started to say My name isn't Annie, it's Rebecca, but
what came out was, "Cream and sugar, mum?"

"Yes, please, Annie, " she replied, "And remember to
bring out a cup for Donald. He'll be joining me today."

What the hell is going on here? Am I losing my mind?
I try to formulate the words to express my confusion. Instead
I drop a curtsey (I've never curtseyed in my life!) and say,
"Very good, mum." Jeez, now I'm British too!

The tall blond man in tennis whites strolling across the
lawn must be Donald. He looks alittle like her. Maybe he's her
son.

"Hello, mother!" he calls out cheerily, confirming my
guess. "What a lovely day to take tea outdoors. Mind if I join
you?"


Thead over toa wheeled cart upon which is set out various
tea paraphernalia and scoop up another cup and saucer. Are
those scones on that plate? I've never seen a scone before. And
what are those atrocious-looking little green sandwich things?

I wipe my hands on my jeans, and the painting seems to
float just inches in front of me. What painting? Trousers? I'm
in my uniform. What nonsense is this? Jerking myself back to
reality from my silly daydreaming, I take the cup and saucer
over to Mr. Donald. "Here you are, sir" I say in my less
cultured accent. "Get a spot of tea in you, and things' ll be right
as rain! Not going off to the war after all, sir?" I ask as I briskly
bring the scones and cucumber sandwiches to the table.

"No, Annie," the mistress answers, her dear face dim-
pling with relief. "Donald has acceded to my wishes and will be
remaining here with us."

"That's splendid, sir," I say as I pour cream into his cup
and add the two sugars he always takes, "We would have
missed you terribly had you gone." We exchange smiles all
around, content for the moment to enjoy the idyllic, green fields
of England.

The tiny old woman quietly slipped out of the museum,
followed by the hollow-eyed, jeans-clad girl whose name tag
read "Rebecca."

Like their Fallen bretheren, the Mad Ones tend to
attract and hold allies and servants who fit in well with
their general dementia and visionary nature. Such allies
favor dynamic changes in their personality and environ-
mentand exemplify, inwardly or outwardly, some dramatic
departure from the everyday world.

Acolytes

Many Marauders keep no acolytes. Why would a
whirlwind need a maid? And who's going to tell the guy
slinging balls of lightning around while riding on a
winged snake that he needs someone to protect his
domicile? Those Marauders who have acolytes usually
have one of three types:

Caretakers: Family members, lovers and friends
sometimes care for the Marauder's day-to-day needs,
either on earth (if the Marauder is very unobtrusive) or
in whatever realm within the Umbra that the Marauder
calls home. Some live within the dream-reality that the
Marauder's madness creates, while others never enter
that state, but wash, clothe, feed and try to talk to their
forgetful loved ones. Those who fulfill this particular
role may find that their ministrations are never even
acknowledged.

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals?


Spear-Carriers: Spear-carriers (also known as "bit
players") may be drawn from among care-givers or recruited
(on purpose or by accident) when the Marauder interacts
with them. Many of them are given to daydreaming or
evince interest in art, drama, poetry or any sort of diversion
which opens the mind to imagination, such as gaming.
These people assume minor roles (called spear-carriers
among actors) within the Marauder's madness, acting out
the parts assigned to them and ultimately coming to believe
in the reality themselves. Some fill roles which are totally
unfamiliar to them, but which fit the personal world of the
Marauder and strengthen its reality. Others are chosen
because they already live the role they are chosen to fill and
it is simple for the Marauder to coopt them for her own use.
Some spear-carriers buy into the Marauder's insanity so
thoroughly that they actively seek to maintain it and act as
shock troops during assaults on the Gauntlet.

Jesters: These non-Awakened beings know about
the Ascension War and the Marauders' place in it. They
work to bring about opportunities for Marauder penetra-
tion of the Gauntlet by fostering imagination, fantasy and
altered states of consciousness. Anyone from performers
at medieval fairs to fiction writers to storytellers to drug
pushers might be Jesters. Game designers also fit in this
category.

Consors

Those who have greater powers or possess useful
talents may become consors. In some cases, this talent is
merely the existence of their own insanity, which com-
bines nicely with that of the marauder. They usually fall
into two categories:

Madmen: Such is the strength of some Marauder
Quiets that they infect others nearby. Those who have
come under the influence of a Marauder's madness and
lived to tell of it, yet who have not been drawn completely
into the Marauder's reality, are called madmen. Despite
the masculine name, there are as many madwomen as
men. They serve to anchor weak spots in the Gauntlet
which can be ripped more easily. Often, they become
quite good friends with the Marauders, who find easy
access to static reality through the madmen's similar
perceptions. Madmen accept whatever the Marauders do
as perfectly natural and may even convince others that
this is so. They can be found in insane asylums and
homeless shelters, wandering the streets, breaking and
entering, teaching history...

Playmates: Playmates are weird Umbral critters and
beings who interact with and accompany Marauders on
their forays into static reality. They come in all shapes and
sizes and often possess powers which can cause great
confusion or damage to those who oppose them. Faeries
are rumored to be among those whom the Marauders call
playmates, and they are occasionally accompanied by
werecreatures other than Garou.

Ascension's Right Hand

{


Marauder Familiars

Marauders only have familiars when their personal
paradigm calls for it. They tend to be the most outra-
geous familiars conceivable, both in form and powers,
or else they become a natural part of the Marauder's
Quiet and are almost unnoticeable. Marauders call
familiars whatever they feel like calling them.

Individual Marauders are either the least likely or
the most likely of all mages to have familiars. Although
this seems paradoxical (and with Marauders may well
be paradoxical!), it does make a perverse kind of sense.
The Marauders' self-oriented pursuit of individual As-
cension invariably means that each of the mages gropes
for greater and greater power and dominance. Some

Marauders believe they can find and control the things
they take on as familiars and thus feel they must always
have one around to add to their power. Other Maraud-
ers, however, know that beings who serve as familiars
are so weak that they allow themselves to be used as
pets, (and why let such a weakling into your innermost
circle?) or they perceive the danger in embracing a
creature with enough power to be a danger to others...
and the Marauder. The Marauder blithely referring to
a creature as his familiar or pet might discover at a
particularly inopportune moment who's really in con-
trol of the relationship! Thus, some Marauders refuse to
buy anything from the universal pet shop. After all
there's no money-back guarantee in the Ascension
War!

Chapter One: Who Be These Mortals?

33



Chapter Two:

Society of
Servants

Here we belong. Fighting to survive.
In a world with the darkest powers
— Queen, "Princes of the Universe"

Like the mages with whom they in-
teract, custos have lives, desires and goals
of their own. Some may live with mages;
others just work for them. Many are spe-
cifically recruited, while others fall into it
through serendipitous (or awful) coinci-
dence. Motiv:
4 duty to an admired colleague to finding

ions range from a sense of

out where the next big party is going to
happen. Some are running from deadly enemies and
seek safety in numbers (or magick). Others may provide

refuge and hiding to a hunted mage. Their emotions
run the gamut from love to respect to disdain, depend-
ing on the individual custos and the mage in question.
Some custos actually hate their mages and secretly
work to undermine them.

Allcustos have dreams and preferences, a need for
appreciation and a sense of personal worth, just like
anyone else. Some hope to realize their greatest poten-
tial through their association with the mystick ones;
some never know they're associating with mages at all.
Then again, sometimes that's impossible to ignore...

Chapter Two: Society of Servants


Motivation

He had famished in a wilderness,

Braved lions for my sake...

— William Butler Yeats, "He Had Fam-
ished In A Wilderness"

Why do custos do what they do? They act
from respect, admiration, love, hope for the
future, self-aggrandizement, fear for a loved
one's safety, camaraderie, desire for excite-
ment, money, to learn magick from one who
is already Awakened or for more complex and personal
reasons. Regardless of motivation, all custos have a sense of
duty. Many are willing to put their lives on the line to defend
the mage, battling against foes who often overmatch them.
Even employees who believe they are only protecting a
mage's property or profits may fight to prevent theft and
vandalism to that property. Every time they are called upon,
each custos makes the decision anew to reenter the fray. Of
course, some of them do make a whole lot of money.

Professionals

Custos can be just as greedy and self-serving as any-
one else, and these folks charge high prices for their
services. They stick their necks out for money or services,
and those who are good enough at what they do are hired
despite their lack of personal concern. Many mages even
feel that hired guards and bodyguards are superior to those
who serve out of friendship or love — they know the
professional who fails won't be hired again! Pros have a
vested interest in maintaining themselves at peak perfor-
mance and doing their utmost to preserve the mage's life.
It's hard to tell your big brother that you love him, but he
shoots about as well as a chicken on acid. The same
argument applies to those who handle business dealings
for the mage. Aunt Emily's inexperience with tax laws
could end up costing the mage far more than he'd have to
pay a professional to keep his books for him.

Some professionals are not greedy, but simply feel
that their expertise and knowledge ought to be acknowl-
edged by those who wish to utilize them. That usually
takes the form of payment. Their motivation is not greed,
but pride. These custos will often go beyond the strict
parameters of their contracts in order to prove their
excellence. Some have gone so far as to give their lives. It
is also not unusual for professionals to develop quite close
friendships with those they serve. Many actually slip over
into the "amateur" category through such friendships, yet
continue to demand payment rather than admitting their
fondness for the mage. Chantry servants, especially those
whose families have served the Chantry for generations,
may fall under either the professional or the amateur
category.

36 Ascension's Right Hand

Several categories of professional custos are listed
below:

© Accountants: While this profession may seem
terribly mundane to be included among the custos of a
mage, accountants and business managers are among the
key figures of many corporate or magickal empires. They
keep the books, manage the transfer of money and re-
sources for the business, and otherwise ensure the continued
functioning of these commercial enterprises. Depending
on the duration and nature of their service, these profes-
sionals may also act as key advisors to the mage.

While many of these professionals know nothing
about magick or the Ascension War, they are in a unique
position to oversee and understand the mage's operations.
Therefore, they may become aware that there is much
more going on in their employers' lives than first meets the
eye. They may also prove to be valuable sources of infor-
mation or tempting targets for the mage's enemies. These
often-overlooked positions are also prime places for spies
to attempt to infiltrate and observe an enemy mage's
activities.

¢ Bodyguards: These custos are professional hire-
lings of the mage, used to protect him from physical or
magickal threats. They rank as acolytes or consors accord-
ing to their level of ability. (Familiars may perform a
similar bodyguarding function, but their relationship with
the mage is far more complicated, and their "payment"
takes different forms.) Conventional guards are usually
humans with backgrounds as private security specialists,
martial artists, law enforcement officers or military per-
sonnel. These custos (Sleeper or aware) may also serve as
guards for a Chantry. The guards may not initially be
aware of the true nature of the threat that they face, but
those who survive for any length of time (and remain in
the mage's employ) tend to learn quickly.

Certain mages also have Awakened beings servingon
their security staffs. These are often hedge magicians and
sometimes Kindred, Garou or spirits who work to provide
the mage with protection from magickal and supernatural
enemies in addition to more mundane threats. Though
these beings may work for money, their motivations are
usually far more complicated than mere financial gain.
The mages understand this, and employer and employee
will often watch each other very carefully even in the
midst of a satisfying and successful professional relation-
ship.

© Computer Programmers: In the modern era, even
the most conservative Traditions are learning the impor-
tance of information management and computer
technology. Computer programmers and other such ex-
perts are particularly important to the Progenitors, the


New World Order, Iteration X, the Sons of Ether and the
Virtual Adepts. In fact, these programmers, usually aco-
lytes, often serve as both offensive weapons and as the first
line of defense against Net-running enemies in the Ascen-
sion War. They create protective programs as well as
viruses or information-gathering programs and, with the
advent of virtual-reality technology (and the computer-
related magick of their mages), often enter the computer
Net themselves to do battle.

The Nephandi often hook up their programmers to
their computers, so that the programmers are always
monitoring one or more systems. Such acolytes also serve
as convenient "hacker alarms," since the delicate path-
ways of their brains are much more sensitive than the
computer nets which they guard. If a programmer goes
into seizures, dies suddenly, or otherwise suffers a dramatic
physical or psychological change, the Nephandus and her
other custos are alerted to a potential bug or interloper in
the system.

The Marauders are said to have a slightly different
spin on this form of alarm system. Some Marauders seem
to enjoy converting human assistants into living chaos
programs. According to the few mages and aware hackers
who have encountered such beings in the Digital Web,
these programs seem to retain just enough of their human-
ity to know what they are, and more importantly, how
much more they once were. These living programs seem
drawn to other living creatures in the Web just as drown-
ing men are drawn to their rescuers. Unfortunately, the
only rescue for such beings seems to be death, and all too
often they infect others with chaos viruses that will mean
madness and death for any who stumble upon them. In
this desperate and pathetic way, one that the Marauders
presumably find entertaining, these pseudo-human "pro-
grams" protect their masters. (For more information on
mages and the Net see the Mage supplement Digital
Web.)

¢ Personal Assistants: These professionals serve
much the same purpose fora mage as they do foracelebrity
or business executive. They assist the mage in the mun-
dane parts of her existence: keeping track of schedules and
appointments, managing the affairs of the household,
paying bills, and generally serving as the mage's liaison to
the "real world." These custos must be among the most
trusted servitors of any mage, for they have continual close
contact with the mage and know nearly every detail of her
life and her schedule. They generally occupy a position of
prominence on the mage's staff, often speaking with her
voice to the other employees.

Given the manner in which most mages, particularly
the more powerful ones, are distracted from day-to-day
reality by the contemplation of realities undreamed of by
lesser beings, personal assistants are often vital. Personal
assistants are not necessarily aware at first of the arcane
life of a mage, but most who have been with a mage for any

Chapter Two: Society of Servants 37


length of time come to know at least part of the truth.
Most personal assistants have a broad range of skills, from
filing to the fast draw. After all, their employers' enemies
may take "corporate raiding" to new heights!

© Roadies: This is only one of the many more unusual
categories of professional hireling found in mage society.
Roadies are common acolytes for any mage who travels as
part of a band or a theater company (or a circus, for that
matter). Members of the Cult of Ecstasy are by far the most
likely mages to have roadies for custos.

© Scientists: Mages often sponsor and lead extensive
research into the mundane andarcane mysteries of the world.
Depending on their available resources (often quite exten-
sive), many mages employ professional staffs of scientists,
engineers and other academics to push back the unknown
and expand the frontiers of human understanding. In fact,
many mages believe the activities of such guided humans
may be one of the most important means of moving the
human race towards Ascension. Of course, mages invariably
sponsor and encourage research that leads humanity toward
their own personal spin on Ascension. Such research rarely
takes place from a totally unbiased perspective. (Of course,
what research is truly unbiased?)

These custos are most common, of course, among the
Technocracy, but Virtual Adepts (particularly in the
computer industry), some Sons of Ether, the Order of
Hermes and members of other Traditions participate in
these scientific ventures. Some speculate that Nephandi
mages have also operated behind the scenes at certain

major corporations to engineer hazardous products, create
ecological disasters, and otherwise spread misery and
destruction across the planet.

Mostscientists, though highly-trained professionals, are
unaware acolytes. After all, the scientific paradigm in which
they function best utterly rejects the multiple-paradigm
reality of the mages. These scientists usually believe that they
are engaged in standard research for private firms and may
not even have an inkling of the true nature or purpose of the
research. They may not know the mage, or he may appear to
them as the elusive or eccentric senior scientist or president
of the company (or even the weird janitor down the hall!).
It is possible that a small core of scientists is aware of the true
nature of the mage and the purpose of the research. These
aware acolytes (rarely consors) almost always direct the
activity of the firm or laboratory and may have more direct
involvement in the Ascension War.

© Servants: These are the folks who keep the day-to-
day grind from setting off too many sparks. They are the
maids, butlers, cooks, mechanics, gardeners, launderers,
etc. who move quietly in the background of the mage's
everyday life, attending to the mundane matters necessary
for survival. They range in loyalty from temporary or part-
time help to those whose families have served the mage's
family (or the mage) for generations. Many mages, par-
ticularly those with limited resources, will have few of
these hirelings, if any. Masters of conservative Traditions
or of the wealthy and powerful Technocracy may have
extensive estates and multiple staffs to support them.


These servants are usually acolytes, but many know
far more of the mage's activities than she would care to
believe. A wise mage screens her servants very carefully,
for those faceless blurs in the background of her life can be
either indispensable aides or invaluable sources of infor-
mation for her enemies.

Amateurs

Ofnecessity, the other side of the coin are those follow-
erswhoneither expect nor receive pay for what they do. They
choose to help the mage either from a sense of duty or from
friendship or love. These custos may include bandmates, old
friends, thrill-seekers, lovers and concerned family members.
Some among them are professionals in the sense that they
might be doctors, lawyers, teachers and such, but many are
just normal people trying to make the world a better place.
Those who have special abilities usually fall into this cat-
egory, as they seek like-minded people with whom toassociate.

Garou, vampires and Horizon beasties choose to
associate with and aid mages for their own reasons. Garou
usually help those who have similar goals, while vampires
may seek knowledge, friends who accept them for what
they are or powerful allies. Some serve as Guardians for
mage Chantries in return for safe havens, Other Guard-
ians may serve out of love or to honor an agreement.

A few common categories of Amateur custos are
listed below:

* Allies: These custos are powerful beings in their
own right. They associate with the mage and fight in the
Ascension War out of some shared purpose or in pursuit of
their own mysterious goals. These consors do not fight for
pay and are not in the mage's employ, but will often expect
hospitality and assistance from the mage. This will, of
course, vary with the relative resources of the two!

Kindred, Garou, wraiths or Umbral spirits who ally with
a mage will generally fall into this category. The enigmatic,
free-roaming Gypsies act as allies rather than hirelings of the
mage. While mages are by nature inclined to feel superior to
those around them, the relationship between a mage and his
allies is normally one of mutual respect (at least on the
surface). However, trust takes much longer to develop than
respect in these relationships. Allies all have their own pur-
poses for associating with the mage, and allies may seek to use
the mage just as the mage will undoubtedly seek to use them.

¢ Friends/Lovers: Friends, lovers or family members are
especially good candidates for amateur custos. They associate
with the mage out of love or friendship, and in most casesa mage
can trust them implicitly. This type of trust is arare and valuable
commodity fora mage, and he can easily become addicted to its
purity! If the mage is newly Awakened, these people may be
remnants of the mage's former life. If the mage comes from a
magickal family, these people may equally be friends and family
members who have devoted their lives to service in the Ascen-
sion War, at least to the best of their ability.

While most of these friends are undoubtedly acolytes,
some may be talented enough to classify as consors. If they
are unaware of the truth about the mage or the nature and
existence of magick, they may have to be told quickly. It
is very difficult to keep a close associate in the dark about
sucha thing for long (which is one reason why mages have
few close associates).

Friends and family are extremely valuable to the mages
who so rarely experience such intimacy. However, these
same friends and family members are an immediate and
glaring weakness ripe for exploitation by a mage's enemies.
Perhaps more than any other reason this is why so many
mages isolate themselves emotionally as well as physically
from other humans. More than a few mages have had those
people most dear to them callously kidnapped, killed, or
worse at the hands of one of their many enemies. Yet even
mages find it difficult to live in an emotional vacuum.

¢ Guardians: Guardians are often amateur custos in
the sense that they do not usually work for pay. Rather,
these beings who guard Chantries normally do so out of a
sense of honor or within the terms of some mutually
beneficial agreement.

"Guardian" refers not to the mortal guards discussed
in the section above, but to the spirits and/or supernatural
creatures who often guard Chantries in exchange for
Quintessence or other benefits (see The Book of
Chantries). These may include Kindred, Garou, spirits or
other magical creatures. Guardians generally are tied toa
Chantry and do not venture away for any great length of
time, even to aid members elsewhere.

© Thrill-Seekers: Some humans associate with mages
simply for the sheer thrill of the experience, the constant
sense of danger and excitement they experience from their
contact with the Awakened. These sensation-jaded humans
are almost always acolytes and usually guess or know only a
part of the truth about the mage. It is possible that a number
of thrill-seekers can just sense the power and potential of an
Awakened Avatar. Although Sleepers, they are Sleepers
who dream, and their dreams focus on the brightest lights —
mages and other Awakened beings. (Some of the vampires'
so-called blood dolls may also be dreamers; if this is true, their
dreams are more likely nightmares.) Many of these poor
dreaming souls are led to their own destruction by tantalizing
quarter-truths and promises of more knowledge, more excit-
ing experiences or greater power.

Nephandi and Marauders often take full advantage of
thrill-seekers when they seek pawns or slaves for their cause.
Many Tradition mages also take advantage of the zealousness
of thrill-seekers. However, members of certain Traditions
(e.g. Akashic Brotherhood, Order of Hermes, the Verbena)
only find these people ("Grasshoppers," "wanna-bes," "pretty
pagans," "goobs," "closet Merlins") incredibly annoying and
avoid them at all costs.

Chapter Two: Society of Servants 39


Compelled

Not all custos are free-willed. The Nephandi are noto-
rious for abusing their companions, treating many as little
more than slaves. Even Tradition mages may compel spirits
to guard their Chantries, binding them with agreements the
creatures are not free to break. They cannot leave the area
they are required to guard. The Technocracy are masters of
intimidation and terror, and many custos are forced to serve
them out of fear for themselves and their families. Some
Conventions administer mind-altering drugs or fit their
custos with cybernetic enhancements which deaden their
humanity while turning them into perfect machines to serve
the cause. Marauders may compel service from those caught
up in their paradigms, whether accidentally or by design. All
of these unfortunates are known as the Compelled.

As this would suggest, there are many types of com-
pulsion, and many mages have and will compel service
from their custos. It is all too easy, even for mages of the
"noble" Traditions, to find rationales to force service from
custos. Common styles of compulsion are discussed below.

Technocracy

While many servants of the Technocracy are true believ-
ers, even well-intentioned in their actions, the Technocracy
makes frequent use of compulsion to attract and keep its
custos. The Syndicate is the most likely to resort to the
blackmail and physical compulsion of the "offer that youcan't
refuse" school, but the other Conventions (particularly the
New World Order) also make use of their vast information
networks to compile potentially damaging information about
their employees (or potential recruits). Blackmail and im-
plied threats to the family of the custos are common.

Regardless, it is common for the Technocracy custos to
be drawn into the web slowly, unaware of who they work for
or the purposes of what they do. Those who are not true
believers, or who do not become so, may eventually discover
unpleasant truths about their employer'sactivities. The truth
most definitely does not set them free. For those custos who
are aware, there is no retirement from the Technocracy.

Traditions

While the more brutal forms of compulsion are rare
among the mages of the Traditions, they are not entirely
unknown. Magick charms or manipulation, however, are
more commonly used than brute force.

Many Tradition sorcerers see no harm in manipulating
reality in this way. After all, they are masters of the art of
manipulating and controlling the world around them. That
desire to command reality usually extends to the people who
inhabit it. This is particularly true of the Hermetic wizards,
Euthanatos and Dreamspeakers, whose Traditions do not em-
phasize free will or the value of individual responsibility and
individuality. The Akashic Brotherhood is perhaps the least
likely to use compulsion on its custos, although shrewd psychol-
ogy and peer pressure certainly have an effect on their behavior.

40 Ascension's Right Hand


Marauders

The Marauders often compel their custos into ser-
vice, at least at first, through magicks which sweep their
minds up into the altered reality of the Marauder. The
victim becomes a part of the world of the Marauder, unless
she is strong enough to hold onto her own perception of
reality and frustrate the Marauder's efforts (and this is rare
indeed!). Although Marauders are certainly capable of
violence when it suits their purpose (or their fancy), they
normally avoid the harsh tactics of the Nephandi.

While initially this servitude is the result of magickal
compulsion, the custos is almost inevitably integrated
into the Marauder's reality and comes to accept that
reality as truth. At that point, the acolyte or consor is
serving voluntarily, though some would say that she has
lost the ability to truly consent to anything.

Nephandi

Many Nephandi resort to blackmail, brutal physical
force or raw magickal power to compel their acolytes into
service. As noted above, they treat all but their most
powerful consorsas little better than slaves, and the threat
of horrible torture is as omnipresent as the penalty for
failure. Even the most powerful, trusted and successful
consor must always know what lies ahead should he fall
out of favor with his masters.

The Nephandi also use more "subtle" magickal meth-
ods to compel their pawns into service. These methods
often involve charms or illusions which alter the subject's
perception of reality and shape it to suit the needs of the
Fallen One. This gradual shaping process often has the
side benefit of providing the Nephandus with hours of
perverse entertainmentas she watches her servant struggle
to hold onto his own identity and exert some sort of
control over himself and his situation.

Recruitment

A consenting adult

Technique in moderation

But vogue to the cult

Me, I've got my strangers

1 To exile in the night

# — Melissa Etheridge, "Occasionally"

Trust is all-important when Tradition
mages go "shopping" for companions; many
recruit friends or other folks with whom
they feel a sort of kinship or loyalty. Followers of similar
religions or fashions, people with ethnic or cultural ties, or
even those who owe the mage a debt are common choices.
Other supernatural beings — werecreatures, vampires,
even the occasional fae — are less common allies, but will
sometimes join a mage in need. These beings, too, will
have some sort of common ground for trust; Dreamspeakers
typically ally with Garou, while the secretive ways of the
Hermetic types appeal to the inquisitive Bastet.

The Technocracy makes regular recruitment efforts,
sending agents to contact the candidates they have tar-
geted. Some of these are compelled to join through threats
or blackmail, but most join for other reasons: they are
flattered to have been chosen, they like the money, they
have freedom to experiment, or they truly believe they are
performing a service to humanity.

Nephandi search for those who are ripe for corruption
or make pacts for services from Umbral beings.

Marauders take what comes.

That being said, several common recruiting methods
come to mind. Of course, it is important to remember that
there are as many ways to recruit custos as there are mages.

The methods discussed below are but a cross-selection of
possibilities. Although the groups most closely associated
with each method of recruitment are mentioned below,
remember that mages are always exceptions to the rule in
everything they do. Undoubtedly there is a Dreamspeaker
somewhere who routinely uses blackmail to get what he
wants from his servants, while some Marauder sweetly
persuades his custos to join forces with him. (Of course,
this same persuasive Marauder may also enjoy snacking on
randomly chosen appendages from his loyal servants, after
their sweet introduction to Marauder life is completed!)

© Blackmail: A fairly common recruiting practice
among the Technocracy, blackmail is sometime used by
the Nephandi as well (often as a prelude to their efforts at
corruption). The Conventions are particularly adept at
gathering damaging information concerning those whom.
they wish to recruit. When combined with veiled threats
of violence, blackmail usually produces the desired results.

The disadvantage of this technique is that it ensures
only forced compliance and builds no loyalty among its
victims. So long as the organization seems able to enforce
its threats, most people will stay in line.

© Corruption: The Nephandi favor this method when
bringing new servants or slaves into the fold. The
Nephandus or her servants offer prospective recruits their
hearts' darkest desires and appeal to the worst in their
natures. Such dupes are then either so corrupt that they
voluntarily serve that Dark Path mage or become irrevo-
cably ensnared by the terms of mystic bargains. Many of
these new custos soon realize their folly, but far too late to

do them any good.

Chapter Two: Society of Servants 41


¢ Employment: Many mages, particularly those of
the Traditions and the Technocracy, hire custos just as
any business would hire prospective employees. This hir-
ing process — complete with advertisements, applications
and interviews — is typically used for positions requiring
only Sleeper acolytes, However, it may also be used to fill
more delicate or powerful positions. (Some Marauders run
want ads as well, delighting in the absurdity of the pro-
cess!)

Organizations and individual mages who hire their
custos will of course go through a more rigorous back-
ground check than the standard employer and will usually
magickally screen unsuspecting applicants. This reduces
(though does not eliminate) the chance that an enemy spy
will infiltrate the organization in that way. While a
"hiring" process is much more rarely used to find aware
acolytes and consors, similar methods may be employed.
This "advertising" is most often done magickally or by
word of mouth spread through appropriate channels,
particularly through custos fellowships. This is a popular
method for hiring consors for individual missions. Such
consors may or may not become a more permanent part of
the mage's household afterward, depending upon the
outcome of the mission (which is itself a form of screening
exam).

* Magickal Tracing: This method of recruitment
most often involves individual mages, cabals or Conven-
sting magicks to locate and "tag" potential recruits.
magicks may operate by detecting the strength of
the magickal potential or Avatar of the Sleeper or may
simply be a form of prophecy that then becomes self-
fulfilling. Some mages flippantly refer to this recruitment
methodas "big game hunting" or "doing a Marlon Perkins"
(for all those Wild Kingdom buffs out there).

"Tagged" individuals are usually monitored for some
time. The mages watch their growth (if they are children)
and their behavior to determine whether or not they truly
share the potential for power and the perspective required
for the task in mind. Eventually, the mages send agents to

interact with the prospective recruit, hopefully attracting
his interest and attempting to bond as "kindred spirits."
Through a careful process of tests and training, the mages
develop the potential recruit until he is prepared to join
the organization. Although this method is time-consum-
ing, it is usually successful in producing high-quality and
loyal recruits. Unlike the products of more forceful meth-
ods of recruitment, these servants rarely "blow up," going
insane or otherwise collapsing under the combined pres-
sures of magickal loyalty and the remnants of their own
horror and repulsion.

Persuasion: While all of these recruiting methods
"persuade" an individual to work for a mage, this method
comes closest to meeting the definition school kids find in
their Webster's. This technique consists simply of watch-
ing carefully for individuals who possess the necessary

42 Ascension's Right Hand

—oHNSon

|

w= w

Sill
Fil
"nil

il
ut
wt!

|

i
i"


qualifications for the job and who share the basic outlook
of the organization. The mage, consor or acolyte contacts
the prospective recruit, befriends her, and slowly intro-
duces her to the idea and reality of magick and life as a
Custos.

The recruiters must be very cautious when using this
technique because of the ever-present need for extraordi-
nary secrecy and security. This may be, however, the most
common method of recruitment used by the Technocracy
and the Traditions. The Nephandi and Marauders use it
less often — it is normally quite difficult to rationally
"persuade" someone to be that twisted, and the process is
pretty boring anyway. Some Marauders, however, do
enjoy persuading some of the more "interesting" residents
of insane asylums to join their cause.

Raids: Nephandi and Marauders sometimes obtain
new recruits (slaves) by the simple expedient of going out
and grabbing a few likely prospects whenever necessary.
These servants are nothing more than slaves, although
many may later be brainwashed into enthusiastic service
by magick or madness. These mages usually kidnap those
unfortunates least likely to be missed, but are quite ca-
pable a stealing a child from the presence of her family or
taking a prominent person if the mood strikes them. In
these cases, the Dark Ones almost always go out of their
way to implicate some person or group in the kidnapping,
stirring up all sorts of amusing political and/or personal
strife. Some mages even suspect that the kidnapping and
subsequent "brainwashing" of Patty Hearst was actually a
Marauder plot. If this is true, then it seems likely that
another mage faction helped restore her to her family.

Mage-Custos Relations

O fret not after knowledge — I have none,
And yet the Evening listens. He who saddens
At though of idleness cannot be idle,

And he's awake who thinks himself asleep.
— John Keats, "What the Thrush Said"

The relationship between a mage and
her custos may be as simple as that of an
employer and employee. Yet, perhaps be-
cause of the nature of magick, the demands of the Ascension
War and the power of mages to shape "reality," the
relationship is often far more complicated and intense.
Success often leads to great rewards, while failure may cost
accustos far more than his job!

The risks that custos may take for their mages are far
greater than those required of nearly any mundane. Yet
there is something to the relationship, some component
of the equation, which keeps them coming back for more.
In part, the answer must lie in the benefits which they
derive from the relationship or the disaster which would
befall at its end.

Mages and their custos interact on three basic levels:
the physical, the mental (intellectual and psychological)
and the magickal. Therefore, the rewards and punish-
ments which a mage can provide to a custos fall into these
three categories as well. Remember, though, in most
relationships, all three levels of interaction combine in
unique and complex ways to form a powerful bond be-
tween mage and custos alike.

Rewards

I bring peace and understanding

I bring wit and wisdom fair

Precious gifts beyond compare.

We can build a world of wonder

I will make you all Aware

— Rush, "Cygnus XI, Book II: Hemispheres"

These are the goodies, the rewards and incentives
which keep the tired, frightened, embattled or despairing
custos going. These rewards also ensure the performance
of the routine duties, the grind which occupies much of
the time of the custos, just as with any worker. A wise mage
ensures that her custos are amply rewarded for good
service. Generous and fair treatment builds loyalty and
motivates the custos to continue to perform at or above
expectations.

Physical Rewards

The most common physical reward or incentive for
service is simply payment, whether in currency or some
other suitable mechanism of exchange. Naturally, this
method is that which mages favor above all others for
Sleeper acolytes. Of course, magick comes in handy when
it comes to stretching the budget!

Professional acolytes and consors by definition re-
ceive some form of salary or payment, and even amateurs
may accept room and board or special gifts from time to
time. Familiars may demand certain items which attract
their interest, but their primary rewards are magickal
(particularly in the form of Quintessence).

Chapter Two: Society of Servants 4B


The nature of these tangible rewards varies greatly
depending on the proclivities and situation of the mage
involved. For example, many Technocracy Conventions
focus heavily on cash payments, but mages of Iteration X
will often reward their chosen with biological or cyber-
netic physical enhancements. A Nephandus may reward
a favored acolyte or consor with a slave of his own or
perhaps brand the acolyte as a mark of honor.

These practices also vary greatly among the Nine
Traditions. The Cult of Ecstasy provides notoriously ex-
travagant rewards, while the Akashic Brotherhood expects
its custos to live very simply. The Celestial Chorus be-
lieves in just recompense, but they also feel that virtue is
its own reward! The Hollow Ones see little point in all of
this (or pretend to), while the Sons of Ether often create
astonishing technological gizmos to bestow upon their
followers.

Mental Rewards

These rewards encompass the intellectual and psy-
chological. Psychological rewards of service, from a
generous, wise or kind mage, are similar to the benefits of
serving healthy organizations everywhere, although the
nature of service in the Ascension War may render the
psychology and comradeship more akin to that of a mili-
tary unit than a civilian business.

Feelings of belonging, recognition, validation and
pride in the self and the organization are examples of the
psychological rewards of loyal service. These can be par-
ticularly powerful given the ability of mages to subtly
enhance emotions or manipulate the psyche through
magick. Even the most miserable slaves of the Nephandi
crave and receive certain types of psychological gratifica-
tion during their service (although this often results from
the psychological reversal of the slave identifying with the
master). Marauders often reward their servants at bizarre,
even utterly inappropriate times with kaleidoscopic fan-
tasies that overwhelm the senses.

There are also intellectual rewards which a mage can
offer to a custos. In a mundane sense, this may include
cultural outings and instruction. This form of reward is
particularly common in the
or consor who desires to be trained in the mystic arts or

se of an Awakened acolyte

some other form of exotic instruction. While many mages
may not have the time and patience to instruct a rank
beginner, the bond between an acolyte and a mage is only
strengthened by adding the dimension of instructor and
student to the mix.

Magickal Rewards

It is this form of reward which sets the mage-custos
relationship apart from the mundane. The ability of the
mage to manipulate reality can gift a loyal follower in ways
which exceed the limits of the imagination.


Mages can and do reward their custos with extraordi-
nary things, bound only by the limits of Paradox. These
rewards can take the form of magically-created gifts,
property or cash. Familiars routinely receive magickal
rewards in the form of Quintessence. Protective or offen-
sive devices can be immensely valuable to the custos and
enhance his utility to the mage. Iteration X and the
Virtual Adepts are often the most "generous" in this
regard, but Hermetic mages are well-known for their
magick gifts as well.

Horizon Realms, and the ability to live in them, are
often rewards in and of themselves. Many custos serve
simply to live in another, better world. What mortal could
resist the opportunity to visit (perhaps permanently) a
custom-built reality where wonder is commonplace? The
idealized Realms of the Dreamspeakers, Ecstasy Cultists
and Verbena call to their acolytes' primal instincts and
romantic fantasies. The gleaming corridors of Autocthonia,
by contrast, are a technophile's wettest dream.

Another form of magickal reward stems from magickal
charms and illusions. Magick can create, for the custos, an
illusory world or sensory experience so powerful that the
follower longs for more. These intense experiences, how-
ever, risk raising a psychological dependency not unlike
that caused by certain drugs. Nephandi often use this
craving to shackle their followers tighter. Some wise
custos decline these gifts because they fear the loss of
control and dislike being manipulated in this fashion.

Punishment

I'm goin' down to the whipping post

Down to the whipping post,

Oh God, I feel like I'm dyin'

— Allman Brothers, "Whipping Post"

This is the flip side of the coin, the iron fist inside the
velvet gauntlet. As with any organization or relationship,
service toa mage carries with it certain "disincentives" for
poor performance. As with the rewards, the magickal
abilities of the mage change and expand the nature and
limits of the equation.

Physical Punishment

The most common form of physical punishment for
failure is the demotion or dismissal of the custos. Because
of the nature of the relationships involved, this punish-
ment is used primarily for Sleeper acolytes. The dangers
inherent in simply firing someone who is aware of the
nature and abilities of the mage should be readily apparent
(as witnessed by the damage rogue custos can do to their
former masters). In extreme cases, (extreme, at least,
among mages of the Traditions), the mage's need for
secrecy may result in far more permanent "dismissal" for
an ineffective custos.


The Nephandi, of course, use protracted physical
torture extensively as a punishment for failure (and,
perversely, as a reward as well!). Certain Marauder mages
have been known to "zap" acolytes with painful bolts
when in a fit of pique. Some are said to create brands on
their acolytes' bodies that burn continuously for the
period of punishment. The Syndicate may have relatives
or friends of an erring custos beaten. The nature of the ] r
punishment varies with the organization, but it is seldom |
quickly forgotten, save by those who do not survive the [__

more extreme forms of punishment.

Mental Punishment

This category of punishment consists primarily of the
denial of the positive feelings mentioned above. Peer -
disapproval, shunning, guilt and shame all play a part in
modifying the behavior of a custos (or any member of an
organization, for that matter). This might also involve the
denial or suspension of certain privileges or instruction.

Magickal Punishment ae <

The mage can, of course, punish an erring follower
magickally. The possible options for physical or mental
mistreatment are limited only by Paradox (and decency).
This tactic is rarely used by those mages who value their
custos and their continued service because of the tremen-
dous humiliation involved. Such punishment can also
aim the mage down the path to his own doom as his ego
begins to overpower his good sense. Inevitably, such
mages become caught up in their own arrogance, and this
arrogance almost always leads to disaster. A dangerous a @
path indeed, and one to which all mages are particularly
susceptible.

Rogues Le 4
Love is clockworks

And cold steel ms
Fingers too numb to feel 7

Squeeze the handle =

Blow out the candle
Love is blindness a 6 a
— U2, "Love is Blindness" .,

All good things must come to an end. i
This maxim applies to the relationship of the mage and
custos as well. Sometimes the sudden end of the relation-
tigated by the custos rather than the mage.
While this often leads to an honorable parting of the ways,
many times it means that the custos has abandoned the
mage and "gone rogue."

\

o>
%

When a custos goes rogue, she might simply leave the
mage and seek another life. She may also abandon her
patron in the face of grave peril or betray him to an enemy.

46 Ascension's Right Hand


Why might this happen? While it is impossible to
adequately explore all motivations for abandonment, cer-
tain reasons are more common than others:

Rogue Familiars

The consequences of a poor relationship between a
familiar and a mage, much less a familiar going rogue, has its
own uniquely devastating consequences for the mage. When
a familiar goes rogue, it can unleash all of the Paradox it has
consumed for its mage back upon its former master—at once!
Ifthe mage and familiar have been together for any length of
time, this sudden influx of Paradox can destroy the mage in
one blast. Witches have fallen to dust, Sanctums have been
obliterated, and wise men have disappeared forever after
vicious fallings-out between mages and their familiars.

Sometimes, however, the familiar merely decides to
leave the mage, using this Paradoxical lever to keep the mage
from pursuing the relationship any farther. However, if the
familiar is mad enough at the mage, or merely finds no other
use forher, it may use this Paradox to blackmail the mage into
getting the familiar what it wants. This potential for harm is
the single greatest reason why more mages do not search out
till believe the
benefits of such a relationship far outweigh the ri

familiar companions. However, many mages

Acolytes and Consors

Although acolytesand consors cannot hold the threat of
Paradox backlash against a mage, they too can do irreparable
harm toa formerr

ter or toacurrent master who has grown
too complacent in his "mastery" of lesser beings.

wih

Wu

—oHNSON

Betrayal

A custos may go rogue when she finds, or believes,
that she has been betrayed by her mage. While such
behavior might be expected of a Nephandus, betrayal is
particularly devastating when it comes after a long term
of service or from an unexpected source.

This is not a particularly uncommon occurrence;
most acolytes and consors feel a tremendous amount of
loyalty and connection to their mage. Their entire lives
revolve around a single, powerful, awesome individual.
The mage is invariably placed upon the proverbial
pedestal, but even magick cannot always keep the mage
from falling flat in the eyes of her custos. An acolyte or
consor feels bound to her mage, and such bindings often
lead to feelings of love and worship. However, such
feelings can all too easily turn to loathing and hatred
should the mage fail too often or too severely in her
servants' eyes .

While many mages are honorable and would never
betray an a:
and unconcerned with those around them. When a

ociate, others are self-absorbed, distant

mage attempts to use his custos by placing him in an
impossible situation, using him as bait, or simply sacri-
ficing him to an enemy for personal gain, the survivor
will naturally be outraged. In this case, feelings of rage,
shock and betrayal and a desire for revenge will often
cause that follower to go rogue.

\y,

Ny

aN
:
i

7

|


Compulsion

On occasion, a custos may betray a mage and go rogue
through some magickal compulsion placed upon her by an
enemy. These magicks may take the form of mind control
or may simply be suggestions or urges placed deep within
the mind, set to activate when given the proper stress or
stimuli (often at the worst possible time). The follower is
not in control of her actions and may or may not be aware
of them. The horror of a loyal custos watching herself
betray or attack her mage is terrible indeed!

A certain school of thought holds that such an
occurrence should be blamed on the mage in question at
least as much as the enemy. A wise mage takes precautions
against such occurrences through regular magickal exami-
nations of those within her care.

Greed

Ofcourse, certain custos may betray a mage for one of
the oldest of all human motivations — greed. This occurs
primarily among professional custos, with acolytes falling
prey to this base urge more often than consors simply due
to their different levels of experience, training and matu-
rity. In the world of the Ascension War, supernatural or
magic-wielding opponents can sometimes offer a servant

even more than her heart desires.

Mistreatment

Accustos who is mistreated, particularly habitually so,
will often go rogue when given the opportunity to do so
with any chance of success. This is most common among
the Nephandi custos, for the mistreatment there is par-
ticularly brutal and habitual. Such behavior is fairly
common in certain Conventions of the Technocracy
(and the Sons of Ether) as well, but also occurs in indi-
vidual cases in almost every faction, no matter how
well-intentioned that group may be. While abuse may
cowaservant fora long while, every being has its breaking
point...

The consequences of betrayal, of a custos going rogue,
are drastic indeed. A wise defector should attempt to do so
ata time when her action will probably kill the mage and
thus reduce the possibility of revenge. Mages as a group are
not notoriously kind in any event, and this severing of the
relationship is regarded as particularly unforgivable. Most
mages who have been betrayed thusly by a custos will hunt
her indefinitely for the sheer pleasure of taking revenge or
at least to be rid of the danger she presents. This may even
be true if the custos was compelled to betray the mage.
After all, nobody said life was fair!

<\\

\
\\ <
AWS

\\
‘a
Y

\
WN :

Fellow

ships

We few, we happy few, we band of brothers.
For he today that sheds his blood with me
Shall be my brother; be he ne'er so vile,
This day shall gentle his condition.
— William Shakespeare, Henry V

Custos have just as much (if not more)
ofaneed forcompanionship as mages. While

some groups of custos are thrown together
by affiliation or job description, others have
founded fellowships to provide themselves with emo-
tional and intellectual outlets. Those who are aware of the

true nature of their employment or association often form

groups within which they can freely discuss their prob-
lems, tell anecdotes, share solutions and relax.

Groupscan be large orsmall and take several forms. Some
might be covens or activist groups while others might be bands
or poetry-reading societies. As they are formed in response to
the desires of their membership, custos fellowships could be
anything. A few are fiercely protective of themselves and
tequite stringent rules for membership. Many simply lump
custos together by Tradition or level of association.

A few custos organizations are detailed here. These
are by nomeans all of them or even the better known ones.
Storytellers should work with their players to create their
own groups in addition to those listed.

The Crossovers

This multi-Tradition c
consors, familia

os organization encourages
nd reality-aware acolytes to go beyond
and work to heal misunderstand-
ings, schisms and antipathie:

Tradition

among them. They welcome
custos from the nine Traditions, Orphans and AhL-i-
Batin. The mages themselves are welcome should they
wish to attend meetings, though some custos feel that they
cannot speak as freely in front of their "masters" as they
would like. The Crossovers share information that they
learn about magick and mages in general and specific
information about particular foes.

The Crossovers believe that the Ascension War can
only be won when the Traditions and other "good" mages
stop fighting among themselves over minor differences
and philosophies and learn to work together in common
cause — not just when necessary, but all the time. Many
members of the Crossovers view their mage friends with
bemused tolerance, but secretly feel that they should stop
being so childish and get over themselves. In view of
mages' tendencies toward hubris, the Crossovers might be
right.

This group has no regular gatherings; meetings just
happen whenever enough Crossovers get together in
private (i.e. when no interfering or overcurious Sleepers

Chapter Two: Society of Servants 49


are around). They are loosely run in democratic fashion.
When an emergency arises, they can contact one another
through a facilitator, who usually works at or owns a place
where they most commonly meet. Such places are usually
restaurants, bars, coffee houses, motels or craft stores.
There are several throughout the world, all of which have
names which use the words Cross or Over — the Cross-
over, the Crosstown Saloon, Overby's Silver Shop, the
Overlook Bar and Grill, or the Criss-Cross Craft Shoppe.
Though their openness allows them to contact many
custos from all over the world, it does render them more
vulnerable to discovery and infiltration by the Technoc-
racy.

The Corpselight Connoisseurs

Unlike the Crossovers, who have a worldwide organi-
zation and cross Tradition boundaries, the Corpselight
Connoisseurs is composed of just six people. All are
consors of Euthanatos mages and have begun to doubt
their mystick companions' views. They are haunted by the
suspicion that they have unwittingly assisted in murders
rather than releasing spirits so that they may progress
along the wheel of reincarnation. Because of this doubt,
the Connoisseurs try to investigate death on their own.
They use ouija boards and séances to contact wraiths and
question them about the afterlife and reincarnation and
engage in near-death experiences similar to those de-
picted in Flatliners. They occasionally use "volunteers" in
their ongoing investigations. The Connoisseurs are led by
a Native American psychic named Dark Water, who lives
up to his name — cool, flowing and seemingly impen-
etrable.

SysOp Inc.

SysOp Inc. (also called "SysOpians," or "SysOphus"
by the truly obscure) is a group of acolytes, consors and the
occasional familiar of the Virtual Adepts (and a few Sons
of Ether) who meet regularly in the shared reality of
cyberspace.

Technomagickal gifts often allow favored compan-
ions to interact on a more immediate basis than most
mortal Net users ever know. Thus, SysOp Inc. has their
own heavily-warded network which spans the globe. There
the members share information, company, understanding
and the results of their experiments with cutting-edge
software and technology.

The SysOpians spend most of their time on-line.
Most have jobs in the computer industry or in related
fields of information technology with a fair sprinkling of
individuals still firmly ensconced in their aging parents'
basements. They move freely about the Internet and all of
the major on-line services and work together to attempt to
carefully monitor the Technocracy. Many SysOpians ac-
tively hack into a variety of key areas in the Digital Web,
keeping tabs on everyone from the government to the

50 Ascension's Right Hand

Nephandi. In this respect, they perform a valuable service
to the Council of Nine Traditions, for they combine an
understanding of the technology and philosophy of the
Technocracy with a far more cooperative spirit than can
be found among most of their mages.

SysOp Inc. is, of course, vulnerable to penetration by
Technocracy spies, particularly those from the Progeni-
tors and Iteration X. They are very aware of this danger
and rigorously screen potential candidates for member-
ship. The SysOpians often monitor the on-line and off-line
activities of new members for years before easing their
scrutiny — if they ever do! Rumors abound that SysOp
Inc. operatives sometimes spend a great deal of time and
effort monitoring each other and/or attempting to hack
into each other's computer set-ups. Cooperation is a
wonderful thing, but no one can afford to be lax in the
pursuit of scientific knowledge or one-up-manship!

The Children of Springtime

The Children of Springtime is an association of
acolytes and consors who gather to celebrate life and
Nature. They revel in the joy of reaching out to the world
and to each other, and they use their "festivals" to rejuve-
nate their weary spirits, enabling them to return refreshed
to the battle against the Technocracy.

Membership in the Children of Springtime is theo-
retically open to custos from all nine Traditions as well as
Orphans. Most members follow the Dreamspeakers and
Verbena, with a scattering of custos from the Akashic
Brotherhood and the Cult of Ecstasy.

Custos and mages are always welcome at the festivals,
which often coincide with concerts (particularly Grateful
Dead, Indigo Girls and Crash Worship shows) or New
Age or pagan celebrations. The Children use these events
to mask their activities and see them as excellent recruit-
ing opportunities besides. Many Sleepers who attend such
concerts or celebrations have found themselves drawn
into the society of the Children and from there into the
service of one of the Traditions as their awareness grows.

While the Children of Springtime is primarily a social
organization, its members will make every effort to come
to one another's aid when needed. Their network spreads
throughout North America and many other Western
nations. Springtime members may be recognized by the
forsythia flowers which they often wear, carry or incorpo-
rate in the design of their clothing, jewelry or gardens.

The Lab Rats

This group of Technocracy custos are all recipients of
cybernetic enhancements courtesy of Iteration X. Each
was once physically handicapped in some way. Some were
thalidomide babies, while others were soldiers who lost
limbs in warfare. A few others were accident victims who
were left partially paralyzed. For all of them, the cyber-
netic replacement parts provided by Iteration X have


allowed them to become self-sufficient and active once
again. Because they know they are servingas living experi-
ments, they refer to themselves, with grim humor, as the
Lab Rats.

Many of the Rats are active supporters of the Special
Olympics and Paralympics and fundraising for the handi-
capped. Some serve as physical therapists. All are active
recruiters for Iteration X because they believe quite strongly
that every physically handicapped person can benefit
from the wonderful new technology which has helped
them so much,

Members of the Lab Rats are usually genuinely likable
and concerned people. They care about those who suffer
under the difficulties they themselves used to experience and
fully support Iteration X's humanitarian efforts, helping
others get into pilot programs like the ones which they
experienced — programs which will fit the handicapped
with cybernetic enhancements that will change their lives.

The Oscars

The Oscars are a group of Marauders who have sprung
up around a mage named Oscar Fieldstone, a former Order
of Hermes mage who always wanted to be a movie direc-
tor. Now that he's insane, he can be one all the time —
and his friends can come along with him for the fun! Aside
from Oscar, who carries his prized director's chair with
him wherever he goes, the group has a core membership of
seven others. Actress was once Oscar's wife. She was a
brilliant mathematician who was captured by the Tech-
nocracy and reprogrammed to serve as a mindless cipher
for them. Oscar managed to rescue her with the aid of
Persephone, the fanged, squirrel-tailed zebra, and
Persephone's Umbral friends, the Mszxeg'lleich (little
pygmy fellows.
that, and Oscar retreated further and further from reality
himself. Since he couldn't pronounce the names of the
pygmies, he renamed them. They are now known collec-
tively as "extras." Individually, they are named Props,
Costumes, Lighting, Set Dressing and Effects. They play
all the minor roles whenever the troupe goes "on loca-
tion." Persephone acts as camera man. Actress plays all
the leading roles. Oscar, of course, directs.

The Great Onwashed

Custos of the Hollow Ones make up a large portion of
the Great Unwashed, along with a few Orphans and
refugees from the Technocracy (Rumors persist that there
are a few young Kindred in their ranks as well). This loose
(what else?) organization gathers at and sponsors clubs,
concerts, conventions, interactive theater events, poetry
readings and other forums to promote their own dismal
view of society, human nature and the human condition.
They have taken their name both asa cynical jab at their
image and asa statement of their protest against the world.

. Actress' mind was never the same after


\ .

This organization has adherents in many cities and
small towns and is particularly popular around university
campuses. The events and clubs it sponsors promote a
distinctly hip, "Goth-Punk" culture and work somewhat
listlessly to influence modern society away from the psycho-
spiritual domination of the Technocracy. It is rumored
that acolytes of a certain clique of Hollow Ones, members
of the Great Unwashed, have recently founded a small
publishing house to spread their views toa wider audience.

Red Flag

Red Flag is the latest name of a group of cross-faction
vigilante custos. Each has lost someone to the Ascension
War, and all have decided to put an end to the conflict —
through the elimi
the Traditions, Technocracy and Marauders. Nephandi
and their companions are not welcome and are regarded

ion of mages. Members come from

as prime targets. Red Flag feels that the common people of
earth will only be safe once those with magickal abilities
and supernatural powers are gone. They believe that, with
mages, werewolves, vampires and other Awakened indi-
viduals destroyed, the mass of people can then shape the
world to their beliefs and desires.

Almost all of Red Flag's members are consors or
former consors, and most have mental abilities which
allow them to hide themselves and their comrades from
detection. Some are rogues who remain with their mages
and act against them secretly, gathering information for

Ascension's Right Hand

Red Flag, noting people, places, times and plans so that
the group may know when to strike most effectively. They
are led by a woman known only as Marta. It is rumored
that Marta was the wife of a Euthanatos who tried to kill
her, that she survived and began recruiting others to her
cause to fight such arrogant behavior. Other rumors say
that Marta has a vampire lover who is really the force
behind Red Flag and who is using the group to rid himself
of enemies and competitors. No one repeats these rumors
to Red Flag members and lives.

The Typing Pool

This tightly-knit secret group of highly skilled office
workers, mostly aware acolytes of Verbena, believe that

the Ascension War can only be won through the p

e-

ment of key personnel among the ranks of underlings in
Technocracy Constructs. These consors note meeting
times, personnel, supply requests and hundreds of other
little details which help their mages assess what the
Technocracy is up to or when they might strike next. At
least one member of the Typing Pool is rumored to have

become the personal secretary of one of the ruling trium-
virate in one of the larger Technocracy strongholds. The
combined their talents to supply her with
an untraceable, insidious drug which dulls the mind and
makes the recipient more suggestible. She has been slip-
ping it into her boss's morning coffee, so the story goes.

Verbena hav


The members of this group have no powers; they can
infiltrate the Technocracy simply because they seem so
ordinary. In reality, each member is a superb actor and
possesses great flair for undercover work. They are front-
line spies who have agreed to have their true memories
blocked off while they are at work to avoid unintentional
betrayal. Mostly, however, they rely on the Technocracy's
own arrogance to hide them. Non-Awakened non-essen-
tial workers are rarely subjected to any sort of intense
scrutiny, as they are just part of "the Masses," and there-
fore not a threat.

Hex Pariah

This group loves heavy metal — the blacker, the
better. More a gang or a cult than a fellowship, they dress
in leather and chains, wear inverted crosses, pierce
themselves in painful places, and raise literal hell at their
favorite gigs. Many carry whips and knives, and rumor has
itthat winos and street people disappear when Hex Pariah
goes on a "shopping trip." They use an abandoned
warehouse, decorated in early Satanic, as a headquarters
andare led by a young woman named Nun, who claims the
title of "Devil's handmaiden."

Most of Hex Pariah's members are kids who just want
to belong to something, who feel powerless at home and
get a thrill out of dressing up and acting tough. The core
group, however, are practicing Satanists who use the
trappings and convenience of the group as a means of

recruiting new followers for the Nephandi. By feeding
rebellion and anger with drugs, violence and deliberate
sacrilege, these consors help their masters drag the disaf-
fected into a moral whirlpool while having a ball
themselves. Herr Flax (see The Book of Madness), a
potent Nephandus, is a patron of the group, but leaves the
mundane chores to Nun.

The Tinkerers

Despite their carefree name, the Tinkerers are a
serious and scholarly group of Technocracy companions.
Their main focus is on sharing information on various
cutting-edge technologies from cybernetics to artificial
intelligences. Membership in the Tinkerers is quite exclu-
sive. Though none are mages, all are extremely intelligent
and innovative scientists and computer programmers.

The Tinkerers meet every three months. Coming
together on the second weekend of the month, they hold
seminars on various topics and hear the preliminary pre-
sentation of a paper or article written by one of the
members, which will be submitted to one or another of the
professional journals. Constructive criticisms are offered,
and a question and answer session is held. Many of the
Tinkerers have no idea that their Technocracy friends
would be annoyed if they discovered that possible secrets
were being leaked to the other factions. Others attend
with their Construct's blessing, either to enhance their
prestige or to steal those very secrets.

Chapter Two: Society of Servants


Survival Tactics

For her own breakfast, she'll project a scheme,

Nor take her tea without a stratagem.

— Edward Young, "Love of Fame."

The following treatise was prepared for the January 5th
meeting of the now temporarily disbanded consor fellowship
known as The Green Door.

Whether we are Sleepers or aware, acolytes or consors,
whether we know it or not, all custos are playing a
dangerous game — including those of us who think we
know better. We are non-mages operating in a mage's
world in the midst of a mage's war, and casualties can be
high. Sometimes the mage you work for is at least as
dangerous to you as the ones you don't. Although certain
consors (particularly those with supernatural abilities) are
far more capable than merely "aware" acolytes such as
myself, we all are faced with the challenge to survive and
thrive inia hostile world. If we are not careful, we will find
ourselves living out the Hobbesian life: "nasty, brutish ard
short."

This does not mean that we should despair entirely.
Far from it! There are ways that non-mage custos, such as
yourself and yours truly, can stay alive in our mages' war of
Ascension. I must make note, however, that my com-
ments tonight do not necessarily apply to our mages'
familiars. These creatures almost inevitably demand and
receive sufficient attention and respect from their mage.
While some mages refuse to acknowledge it, we know that
the familiar usually manages to maintain at least an equal
stance in the relationship — and any of you who have had
to help your mage keep "kitty" entertained at three in the
morning know that the upper hand does not always belong
to the mage "master." Every mage will try to protect her
familiar and keep it happy, while taking a potshot at an
enemy's familiar. They are rarely as solicitous of their
other custos.

The following information should help all custos,
acolyte and consor alike, stay alive in this most dangerous
profession. I would advise those of you with less tolerant
masters and mistresses to keep some of these suggestions to
yourself. Remember, you have only yourself to. blame
should you overestimate' your mage's good will.

Knowledge is Power

The key to surviving as a custos is knowledge, either
its complete lack or the equivalent of a Ph.D. in mage
studies. If you have any knowledge, you need a lot of it.
While those acolytes completely ignorant of all things
magickal may be too insignificant to become targets,
aware acolytes and consors run great risks. As all of you
here tonight have already heard too much information for
your own good, you had better start studying for those
orals! It is vital for you, as a'custos, to get as smart as you
can as quickly as possible.

This means that any custos should learn her job and
the do's and don'ts of that job in every particular. Anger-
ing your mage (particularly a Nephandus) can be the
surest way to forced retirement! Every new employee
should also seek a mentor, a senior person who knows the
ropesand is willing to share her hard-earned knowledge.
In this way, the young acolyte can learn as much as
possible about the Ascension War, magick, the enemy,
the supernatural, youremployerand other mages. Whether
this information involves knowing what weapons to pack
for which kind of fight or knowing the rivalries between
various factions, knowledge is as essential to your survival
as the air you breathe.

Discretion is the Better Part of Valor

Silence is the best tactic for him who distrusts himself.

— Francois, Duke de La Rochefoucauld, "Reflec-
tions; or Sentences and Moral Maxims."

While I have just told you that the first rule is to learn
as much as possible, the second rule for a custos is to keep
your mouth shut about it! A wise custos will avoid drawing
attention to herself, other than favorable attention for
doing her job well. Showing off your knowledge concern-
ing the intimate details and particulars of every aspect of
the Ascension War and your employer's activities is
bound to cause trouble.

First, as a young custos who knows more than you
should, you may attract unfavorable attention from your
employer and his allies" Your mage may start to wonder
how a youngling knows so much, and what secrets you
know that you aren't telling! A mage is never more
dangerous than when he fears a spy or a usurpet» Remem-
ber: each and every one of us is a potential spy or usurper
in the understandably paranoid eyes of our mages.

It is also wise for you to not appear overly ambitious,
lest you be seen as a threat by the other members of your
mage's cabal or household. It is far easier to survive as a
small fish (which even thé most powerful of us still is) in
the Ascension War if you avoid drawing attention to
yourself. A faceless acolyte is not perceived as any particu-
lar threat by the enemy and is therefore unlikely to be
specifically targeted. A hotshot, however, is more likely to
be disposed of just on general principles. Practicing discre-
tion may allow you, as a custos, to survive long enough to
gain the power and knowledge necessary to wile arepu-
table stab at defending yourself.

High Performance

It is essential that any custos who wishes to survive be
good at his job. It is an excellent survival technique to
make oneself indispensable to the mage. Seek to do the job
well, whatever it is, and always be ready to do more. A
mage who loves her coffee is not going to kill the person
who makes the finest cup (don't laugh! The ability to brew
a good cup of coffee has saved my life on more than one
occasion!), and good help of any kind is always hard to

|


find. Increase your knowledge, improve your skills, and
seek more responsibility. Over time, your good perfor-
mance and increased responsibility will make an
impression, and a mage is more likely to run risks to
protect employees she cares about.

By gradually increasing your abilities and responsi-
bilities, and becoming more and more important to your
mage or her organization, you learn the skills and earn the
respect which is so necessary to your continued survival.

Manipulating Your Employer

Your mage's world is filled with intrigue and manipu-
lation. It is a torte with layer upon layer of deception. Plots
andcounterplots, real goals and hidden goals, rivalries and
intrigue are the ingredients of. its icing. In this atmo-
sphere; a completely open and Konest person is at a great
disadvantage and may not survive unless he is quite
powerful. Most of us aren't all that powerful, at least not
in relation to our mages, and therefore we must use a
certain amount of guile to survive.

This caution applies to dealings with your employer.
aswell as with outsiders. It is certain that the mage is using
her custos for her own purposes; the wise custos should use
the mage as well. Beware not to misinterpret this instruc-
tion! Your mage will probably expect that everyone,
including her employees, are out for their own interests.
She therefore is unlikely to take it amiss if you use flattery,
exaggerations or your own particular skills and talents to
get what you want.

However, do not lie to your mage (unless it is abso-
lutely necessary for survival), and do not allow her to see
you working against her interests. Plotting with the en-
emy or any other betrayal, real or imagined, is the fastest
way to shorten your life span in the paranoid world of the
mage. Therefore, a truly wise custos realizes the limits of
effective manipulation and goes only so far and no farther.
Knowing when to push and when to back off is an art form
I suggest you learn with alacrity.

Manipulating Your Enemies

The enemies of the mage, and therefore of you, his
custos, are many and varied. They range from other mages;
to supernatural creatures suchas vampires, werewolves,
faeries and spirits; to other acolytes and consors; to threats
unknowable and perhaps unimaginable. A key dilemma of
every custos is how to survive asa "mere human" (orinany
event, a less powerful being) when faced with this variety
and depth of threat.

It is critical to remember that while many of these
beings don't like you, they often don't like each other
either! The rivalries between the vampires and the Garou,
the mages and the faeries, and between the various fac-
tions of mages are legendary. Therefore, it is possible fora
shrewd custos to manipulate these groups to keep their
primary attention on each other and away from you. One
common technique is to disguise your operations to ap-

pear to be those of another faction. While this may
involve surrendering a bit of the "glory," it can greatly
facilitate your survival. In the Ascension War, the most
successful people are some of the least'well known. Fame
is a wonderful thing, but it's always nicer if you can live
long enough to enjoy it.

It is also useful to remember that many of these groups ~
will leap.at the chance to foil the plans of another. Thus,
if a vampire is plotting against you, the local werewolves
may be more than happy to assist you in disposing of the
threat (if you make it worth their while). If a particular
mage is threatening you, he undoubtedly has enemies
with whom you can consort to your advantage. Remem-
ber, "the enemy of my enemy is my friend," at least for the
moment. Try to keep onat least neutral terms with one or
two of these factions at any given time, lest you find
yourself surrounded by enemies and bereft of friends.

Tosuccessfully manipulate the rivalries between these
groups, it is essential to keep your finger on the pulse of
politics, both mundane and supernatural, of the area.
Contacts are important, and you must see and be seen to
keep up with the ebb and flow. While the mage may be
divorced from such machinations, his custos should never
be. Indeed, it is often the good work of the custos which
enables the mage to maintain his aura of detached con-
templation.

It is also possible todirectly plot to manipulate two or
more factions of enemies into costly conflict. This can be
profitable, but must be approached with caution. If such
plotting is discovered, the two enemies may well decide
that it is worth their while to unite and eliminate you!

Strength in Numbers Ras:

A final key strategy for survival in the Ascension War
is to seek strength in numbers. Custos are less powerful
than mages or other supernatural beings, but numbers can.
often overwhelm individual power. We must band to-
gether and make sure that senior, more powerful custos
train the younger ones well. Custos should know their
enemy, understand his strengths and weaknesses, equip
themselves properly, plan carefully, and always. try. to
apply surprise, overwhelming numbers and firepower to
the situation. 5

This philosophy also works well as a defense. Well-
equipped, knowledgeable custos who congregate in
numbers may present such formidable opposition that an
enemy will depart to find an easier target. 3

In closing, I say good luck to all, whether you are
mortal or fey, acolyte or consor. No matter who we serve,
we share one thing in common: our mages. Good night
and good luck.

—Jared Singhman, personal assistant to Mayra Llewellyn,
Order of Hermes.



Chapter Three:

The

ale is Told

I could a tale unfold whose lightest word

Would harrow up thy soul, freeze thy young blood,

Make thy two eyes, like stars, start from their spheres,

Thy knotted and combined locks to part,

And each particular hair stand an end,

Like quills on the fretful porpentine.

— William Shakespeare, Hamlet

The Storyteller plays a crucial role in
any chronicle. She sets the tone of each
story, orchestrates the actions of whole
worlds of individuals, and monitors the ebb
and flow of her chronicle. For a Storyteller
used to tailoring stories for reality-busting
mages, designing a chronicle for custos char-
acters can be a bit tricky if she isn't careful.
A story that is perfectly suited for a few
seasoned mages would, in all likelihood, turn a group of
Cust

into demon chow. After all, custos are different:

they aren't mages, they're usually not Awakened, and they
may not even know anything about mages, magick or the
real world in all its Awakened wonder.

Cus
survive in a world of warring mages and other supernatural

os are usually lower-powered characters trying to

nasties, a world which many of these custos are still

struggling to comprehend. It is up to the Storyteller to play
out the knowledg

and wonder, slowly bringing the cu
characters into the alternately murky or lucid world of the
Awakened. Throwing too many mage-level obs
these characters can be as deadly to the chronicle as
tossing a seal into a feeding frenzy of sharks. Remember,
players tend to get bored really fast if their char:
like flies or never have anything important to do.

‘Os

‘acles at

cters drop

This chapter is designed to help the Storyteller inte-
grate custos characters into an existing chronicle, as
player characters or as non-player characters, and design
custos-based chronicles. Although not as overtly powerful
as the mages whom they serve and befriend, custos are
particularly resourceful and creative individuals. There is
little doubt that custos have a unique perspective on the
World of Darkness. They are each Alices adrift in Won-
derland, and remember how many adventures Alice had!

Chapter Three: The Tale Is Told 57


Playing Custos

f}] Judging by the virtues expected of a servant,
does your Excellency know many masters who
would be worthy valets?
—Pierre de Beaumarchais, Le Barbier de Seville
When the Storyteller decides to incorpo-
rate custos characters intoachronicle, whether
it is already in progress or not yet begun, he
must first decide what role these companions
will play. There are two main ways to integrate
custos characters into a Mage chronicle: the first is individual
play, in which a player simply plays a custos as her primary
character. In this type of game, the entire group may consist
of custos or may be a mixed cabal of custos and mages. This is
the most common approach, with each player taking the role
ofa single character throughout the chronicle or playing the
"serial monogamy" game should her first character meet with
an unfortunate demise (Of course, there's always Wraith...).
Custos are also particularly suited to use in the less common
form of roleplaying known as troupe-style play.

Troupe- Style Play

Some players and Storytellers may want to have custos
play an important role in the chronicle, while still keeping
the main focus on their mage characters. The custos are
around, but their role is subservient to— or at least different
than — that of the mages. In troupe-style play, the players
also use their mages' acolytes, consors or familiars as charac-
ters. For example, instead of just sending a group of agents out
to infiltrate a lab suspected to be a Progenitor front and
anxiously waiting for the results, the players can play out the
mission as custos. For the duration of thatscene (orstory), the
players play the custos risking their necks while their mages
argue existential philosophy, turncommon household chemi-
cals into family pets, fly off to the farthest reaches of the Astral
Umbra for a little R&R, etc.

Troupe-style play has many advantages. First, it can
keep the players much more involved in the plot affecting
their main characters — it offers them the chance todo more
of the dirty work. It also gives the players a break from their
primary mage characters while keeping the plot moving
along. Portraying a custos can be a refreshing change and can
also give a player a different perspective and sometimes new
insight into the problems of the story. Finally, it can be very
liberating to roleplay these relatively minor characters. Play-
ers can take risks when playing their secondary characters
that they might not take with their main characters, even if
those risks are necessary for the story or fit the character.

Playing a custos character in troupe-style play can
also provide challenges and opportunities for roleplaying
that the player wouldn't have otherwise. The challenge
may be just playing a far less powerful character in the

58 Ascension's Right Hand

same world and same chronicle as the mage. It's not always
easy learning to talk your way out of a beating when you're
used to altering the fabric of reality just by wriggling your
nose! For another challenge, players can also roleplay the
custos of other mages (swapping loyalties and goals).

Some examples of possible groups of custos particu-
larly suited for troupe-style play are given below. Of
course, these troupes could just as easily work in an all-
custos story or chronicle.

Custos Troupes

Mage Allies: A group of allies of a particular Chantry or
cabal of mages may include vampires, Garou, familiars and
spirits. This group is more powerful than most custos troupes
and may be used for particularly dangerous missions or if the
Storyteller knows she's lined up an unusually deadly foe. This
troupe offers the players the excitement of relatively powerful
non-mage characters, as well as the opportunity to bring other
genres and supernatural beasties into the chronicle. Playing
such allies also provides a perfect opportunity for crossover
chronicles with one or more of the other Storyteller games.

Chantry Guards: A group of Chantry guards also
works well as a custos troupe. Mages must sometimes
venture away from their precious sanctums, and their
enemies know it. Chantry guards are all too often called
upon to defend the Chantry against attack, ferret out
infiltrators, or deal with more subtle and terrible foes...
perhaps including one or more of those inside the Chantry.

Cabal of Familiars: A troupe of players can also take a
break and play their mages' familiars, letting players go places
and do things that they would never otherwise do. Familiars
don't necessarily share their mages' ideas on the nature of the
familiar-mage bond. In fact, most familiars feel that they are
the ones in charge of the relationship! Familiar characters
can also often move through the Umbra, even traveling into
the Deep Umbra to battle foul, twisted spirits and other
nasties far more easily than most mages.

Friends: A group of un-Awakened (oratleast "sleepy")
friends of newly Awakened mages can form a very close-
knit group, learning together the perils of mages and
magick. Most of these custos are even less aware than the
budding mages of the true nature of the lives they will soon
lead. Yet, their concern for their friends and lovers quickly
ensnares them in the whirlwind of power, intrigue and
betrayal that is life among the Awakened.

Servants to the Cabal: The most common custos used
in troupe-style play may be the individual servants of the
players' primary mage characters. Normally composed of
aware, relatively powerful companions, this highly-skilled
group can handle quite dangerous missions and perform
critical services for their mages. This group is ideally suited for
keeping mage players involved in all aspects of a given story.


Individual Play

In individual play, the player decides to run a custos
as her primary character. Custos can play many different
roles ina Mage chronicle, as discussed in the section above
and in Chapter Two. Some Storytellers may decide to run
a "Right Hand" chronicle, with all players playing custos.
There are advantages to these groups, since they are often
easier to plan storylines for, and tailor danger levels to,
than a mixed group containing both custos and mages.
The Storyteller must remember to adjust the power of the
stories and the enemies faced to the skills and abilities of
the companions, using discretion and mercy when appro-
priate to keep events moving. No one wants to face the
shocked horror of a group of players after the big, nasty
Umbral spirit eats all of their characters twenty minutes
into the evening's festivities.

It is possible that only a few players will want to play
custos. This is rarely a problem, so long as the Storyteller
is willing to create and runa mixed chronicle with enough
opportunities for all the characters to strut their stuff.
After all, cabals composed of one or two mages and their
Custos are not uncommon in the World of Darkness. They
offer a diversity of background, experience and power that
makes for excellent roleplaying.

Of course, with mixed chronicles there may be ten-
sion between players if (or when!) the mages in the group
try to throw their weight around ("Polish my shoes, Mr.
Acolyte, or I'll turn you into a toad!" "Oh, yeah? Polish
this!"). This sort of "class conflict" provides a lot of
interesting opportunities for roleplaying and character
development. However, if the tension is between players,
then the Storyteller might want to consider giving the
acolyte something more exciting to do than searching for
the mage character's missing socks.

So-called "buddy flicks" provide good examples of
how to design a mixed chronicle. These movies ust
feature two or more protagonists, one of whom is
substantially more skilled and/or experienced than the
other (think of the Green Lantern & Kato, Sherlock
Holmes & Dr. Watson, or any crusty detective-rookie cop
combo). In these films, the talented "star" protagonist
often does the bulk of the work, while his "buddy" always
provides invaluable services throughout the film. These
services range from simple comic relief to pulling the star's
bacon out of the fire (often without the star character
realizing just how much of his success is due to his buddy's
efforts on his behalf). It is only by facing different enemies,
overcoming dangers together, and gradually coming to
understand each other that the characters realize how
much they depend on each other for emotional and
physical survival. So too do mage and custos often dis-
cover that they need each other to survive ina world filled
with Sleepers and Awakened alike.

Chapter Three: The Tale Is Told 59


The most obvious difficulty in running mixed chronicles
is keeping the danger and power level high enough to
challenge the mages while allowing the non-mage characters
afair chance tosurvive. The Storyteller may want to give the
custos characters some sort of special protection, knowledge,
additional powers or defensive magic to enable them to
survive in higher-octane mixed chronicles.

Certain Traditions are far more likely than others to
foster these mixed cabals. Hollow Ones, Cultists of Ec-
stasy, Dreamspeakers and the Sons of Ether are prime
candidates for these groups. It is particularly common in
these Traditions for a group of neophytes and followers to
arise around a more powerful and experienced mentor.

The Setting

94 Jim was most ruined for a servant, because he

got stuck up on account of having seen the devil

and been rode by witches.

—Mark Twain, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
The kindest term most people would use

for the life of an aware custos is bizarre. Un-

aware companions don't know any better, and
familiars don't expect things to be any other
way. However, most custos are caught in be-
tween these two extremes. They have just enough information
to know that the world is chock-full of big bad wolves,
vampires and bug-eyed monsters, and that they'll probably get
the short end of the stick in any confrontation. Custos had
better have more prepared than a juicy stake and the garlic in
their kitchen if they want to hang around for long!

Many custos feel that their mages' ability to manipulate
reality skews their perceptions away from the workings of the
world in which most people live. It is all too easy for a mage
to become wrapped up in magickal concerns, temporarily

losing the inclination to tend to more mundane concerns.
This constant shifting between reality paradigms is a major
reason why mages retain custos in the first place. Familiars
serve the opposite purpose — they are continually aware of
and concemed with their mages' magickal realities. Some-

one more grounded in the mundane worldneeds to make sure
that the mage showers occasionally and that the power bill
gets paid so that the experiment in the freezer doesn't climb
out and wander around looking for a snack.

As a result, a custos is constantly pulled to and fro
between the mundane world and the magickal. She expe-
riences the disconcerting juxtaposition of the two worlds
and comes to realize even better than a mage that nothing
is as it seems (Mages, after all, tend to see and concentrate
on the mystick behind the mundane, sometimes to the
exclusion ofall else). A custos must be constantly on guard
against the dangers of both worlds — a stressful, if rarely
boring, existence. She can literally be washing her socks
one minute and fighting the Technocracy the next.

—JoHNSON


Ss .

Through The Looking Glass

Curiouser and curiouser!

— Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland

What would Wonderland be without Alice? Through
Alice's eyes, Wonderland comes alive, replete with con-
fusion, horror, excitement, beauty and wonder. To the
inhabitants of Lewis Carroll's bizarre world, Wonderland
is the norm — it is all they have ever known. The
inhabitants of Wonderland accept and expect the Red
Queen to scream, "Off with his head!" and for the Cheshire
Cat to disappear, leaving only his wide grin floating in the
air. It is only Alice's eyes that can look afresh upon
Wonderland and remark upon its wonders... and its
horrors. In the World of Darknes§, it is the custos who take
the role of Alice, stepping through the dark mirror of
mundane reality to enter a world filled with magick.

One of the most interesting aspects of a custos-
oriented chronicle is the opportunity to gaze afresh on the

wonder of magick, to "step through the looking glass." It__

isup to the Storyteller to help.convey this sense of anew
world to his players and their characters. Perhaps the
easiest way to create this sense of newness and curiosity is
to introduce players who have never played Mage: The
Ascénsion to the game by using un-Awakened custos for
characters. As stories unfold and the magickal nature of
the world is revealed, characters and players alike can
easily appreciate the wonder of the Awakened world.
(Custos characters can also be easier for new roleplayers to
play, as their abilities are more easily defined and used
than those of True Mages.)

But what about those players who already know all
about the World of Darkness and the Awakened beings
that exist within it? Here the Storyteller may have to
stretch a bit to reawaken the sense of naiveté and mystery
the players' new custos should feel when faced with their
weird new world. One of the most effective ways to
immediately put more experienced players back into Alice's
patent leather shoes is to describe everything magickal.
Don't just casually inform the players their characters see,
say, a small demon attempting to trail them. Instead,
describe slightly different scenarios to each character.
Perhaps one character notices the reflection of a tiny,
wizened form, red as an apple, staring intently at her ina
shop window. Another character might notice the smell
of burned fruit over and over again. Yet another character
glimpses small hands shoving an antique vase off its shelf
inastore the group has just entered. The players can work
tofigure out what this awful little thing is that seems to be
following them... or maybe they all just need more sleep.
Describing all things and effects magickal creates mood
and interest far more effectively than saying "it looks like
its one of those creatures from page 82."

Another technique that Lewis Carroll uses brilliantly
in Through the Looking Glass is the manipulation of lan-
guage to create the sense of an alien world. In several of his
poems, such as "Jabberwocky," Carroll uses bizarre words
and phrases to convey the otherworldly creatures and
actions taking place. "And as in uffish thought he stood/
The Jabberwock, with eyes of flame,/ Came whiffling
through the tulgey wood,/ And burbled as it came!" Of
course, not every Storyteller has to be Lewis Carroll to use
this technique. Using few unusual words in key places —
even "nonsense" words — can help players think about
the world in unusual ways.

Storytellers should also remember that the world the
custos have newly entered brims with complex relation-
ships, age-old enmities and ancient, ongoing quests. There
is absolutely no way that the young custos can know more
than a few vague pieces of information about the social
dynamics of mages and other magickal creatures. How-
ever, experienced Mage players almost assuredly believe
that they understand much of the dynamics of the World
of Darkness, even if their characters do not. The Story-
teller carmuse this sort of confident belief to completely
unséttle her players simply by switching around a few of
the major allies/enemies groupings. Having the new com-
panions stumble into the midst of a situation — or forcing
a situation on them — in which they receive only tanta-
lizing pieces of information about the forces surrounding
them and what they really.want is also quite effective.
(Men in Black are often useful for this kind of work.)
Storylines based on the theme of loyalty orsubterfuge (see
below) also work well to foster uncertainty at i
a chronicle.

What's Familiar to a Familiar?

Unlike other custos, who generally regard the mun-
dane mortal world as the norm, familiars are quite
accustomed to magickal reality. Thus, while other mage
companions "ooh" and "ahh? upon entering the High
Umbra, the familiars may just be coming back home. To
most familiars, it is the human un-Awakened world that
often seems bizarre, nonsensical and even horrific. Per-
haps the familiar finds mechanical devices
incomprehensible or thinks that human social dynamics
are ridiculous and in need of correction. For the familiars,
this world is Wonderland, and they are our Alices. The
Storyteller should try to work with any player running a
familiar to come up with ways in which the human world
seems bizarre to the character. The perceptions of a mixed
group of familiars and acolytes often feed off each other, as
what familiars find fascinating is often commonplace to
consors (and vice versa).


renee 71 Wy

The life of a companion is always strange and very
often surreal. Custos deal with the unique stresses in
their lives in any number of ways. Many develop a sort
of cynical good humor, a "nothing-can-surprise-me"
attitude that uses wisecracks to shield them from the
shock and pain. Others, especially those who devote all
their time to the service of a mage and live in an
Awakened environment, take in all the strangeness
with complete equanimity. They expect nothing else
from their service. Some crack under the strain and go
spectacularly rogue.

Idiosyncrasies abound among the custos. They re-
flect, and reflect upon, their mages' world in ways
utterly impossible for someone personally swept up in
magick. It is perhaps this sense of perspective that is the
custos' most important contribution to the World of
Darkness. It is this same unique perspective that can
make custos characters so enjoyable to run ina chronicle.

Stories

Well, honor is the subject of my story,

I cannot tell what you and other men

Think of this life; but, for my single self,

Thad as lief not be as live to be

In awe of such a thing as I myself.

— William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar

There are many kinds of custos stories, running the
gamut from horror to romance and from intrigue to
action. Yet there are a few elements and themes that
custos stories and chronicles are easiest to shape around.
If the Storyteller knows the theme (or themes) she
wants to convey through her story, it becomes far easier
to determine the motivations and actions of the non-
player characters and groups with which the custos
interact.

Successful chronicles most often are those in which
the Storyteller weaves together two or more central
themes that are interesting and evocative for the play-
ers and their characters. It is also important for the
Storyteller to ask herself a few questions about the
player characters who will take center stage in the
drama. For example, why are the characters custos? Are
they motivated by love? Money? Revenge? Curiosity?
What is important to these characters? Honor? Service
to one's mage? The search for knowledge? Punishing
themselves for some failure? The information given in
Chapter Two on motivation and recruitment provides
a number of good examples to draw from. The answers
to these questions usually lead to the form the theme of
the story should take. The sections on common punish-
ments and rewards meted out by mages can also provide
fodder for these stories.


Remember, the characters are far more likely to
become involved in the action if the themes in the story
resonate with their motivations and concerns. It is also
important to keep in mind that no matter how powerful
the consor, or how wise the acolyte, they are never a
match for the sheer raw power of most of the beings
they encounter. Likewise, custos are generally new
players stepping into a game almost as ancient as time
itself. It is bound to take the characters quite a while to
figure out what game they're playing, let alone the
tules! Of course, just when they think they have it all
figured out, it's time to change the game...

The following themes and story suggestions pro-
vide examples of how the Storyteller can craft storylines
which work well for most custos characters. The Story-
teller should feel free to expand on these themes to
create the stories that work best for her particular
troupe.

Loyalty

Almost all custos chronicles revolve to some ex
tent around the themes of loyalty and trust. Loyalty is
a constant issue between mages and custos, and one
that is tested in many ways. Where does loyalty end, if
anywhere? At what point does loyalty sour? Mages need
to be able to rely on the loyalty of their companions,
while the custos must also rely on their mage. After all,
mages teach them about a world that a short time ago
may have been beyond their wildest imaginings.

Trust is often an even more delicate issue among
wizards and their custos. Often, all parties involved in
a story must give trust (or withhold it) equally or face
the sudden collapse of their efforts. In many respects,
the custos-mage bond is a marriage, with all the strengths
and vulnerabilities that such a relationship implies.

Loyalty Stories

¢ A war for control erupts among the various cabals
in the Chantry. If the players are custos serving the
Chantry, they must of course stand with their mage in
the swirl of battle and intrigue. Yet the players may
believe that their mages are acting out of foolish pride,
endangering the Chantry and possibly their own best
interests. Where lies honor? What is the price of loy-
alty?

¢ The characters discover a spy in the Chantry (or
in their cabal). This traitor, who had masqueraded as a
companion, is actually a mage of great power who has
been spying on the characters and now wishes to use
them in his diabolical schemes. As a fail-safe measure,
the traitor has ordered his minions to slay loved ones of
the characters should they fail to report to the captors
at regular intervals.

Chapter Three: The Tale Is Told (3)

Do the players betray their mage and their Chantry
to save innocent lives? Is their loyalty to the Chantry
more important? Is there another way out?

Intrigue

Intrigue abounds among the Awakened. The custos
who share their lives inevitably get swept up in one or
more of the varied plots and counterplots that are always
hatching among the myriad factions of mages and their
supernatural friends and foes. Their position ensures that
custos are likely to imagine intrigue and subterfuge even
where there may not be any. They are not full-fledged
members of mage society and often must gain their infor-
mation from overheard snippets of conversation,
back-stairs gossip and hasty summaries. A single odd
remark or a strange doll found on the doorstep one
morning can send custos scurrying as they attempt to
discover who has turned their attention on them and why.
It is easy to jump to conclusions in this complex and
deadly world.

Intrigue Stories

© The Masters and Mentors of the Chantry are
closeted in an arcane ritual of terrible importance when
the Chantry is attacked. The companions must stretch
their skills to the utmost to defeat the enemy, save the
Chantry, and prevent the interruption of the ritual.

Yet in the aftermath of the battle, the characters
discover clear evidence of the unthinkable — the
Technomancers and Nephandi joined forces in the as-

sault! The characters must discover the cause of this
mysterious alliance, unearth the source of the link, and
root it out before the dark tide overwhelms them all. (In
a troupe-style story, the mages might take over the inves-
tigation, giving their poor Chantry guardsa much-deserved
respite!)

© The custos characters are sent on a mission of grave
import to the Nine Traditions to recover an artifact from
the hands of Infernal minions on another continent. The
diabolist in question has devised a means to detect any
Awakened being which approaches his stronghold; there-
fore, these companions will be more effective at recovering
the object. They are instructed to return the artifact to one
particular mage, high in the ranks of the Tradition fol-
lowed by a majority of the player characters. This mage is
to secure the artifact and safeguard it against all non-
Tradition forces.

As the mission unfolds, the characters begin to un-
cover disturbing evidence that all is not as it seems. They
find themselves wooed by agents of the Technocracy, the
Nephandi and even elements within the Nine Traditions
who are competing with them to retrieve the artifact. In
fact, the group is approached by a mage of a competing
Tradition, preferably one to which at least one character
feels some loyalty. This mage tells the characters that the
first one is lying to them, seeking to use the artifact for his
own selfish gain. While it is clear that the characters have
not been told the full truth, who do they believe?


The characters recover the mysterious artifact from
the cultists with relative ease, but then have to run a
gauntlet of competing groups to get it back home. If the
characters choose not to take it to their employer, where
do they go? Why is this object so danged important? What
are their employer's true objectives?

This story is designed for a group which contains at
least one supernatural ally, such as a vampire or werewolf.
The local vampire prince, or the elder of the local sept of
Garou, declares war against the local mages. The charac-
ters are caught in between, with at least some of their
members torn by conflicting loyalties.

The characters must negotiate their way through the
dark intrigues of the city (or the culture of honor, respect
and vengeance of the Garou). They must discover the
causes of the conflict and attempt to bring the warring
parties to the negotiating table. It is up to the characters
to avert the conflict and the massive bloodshed it will
engender, which would severely weaken both cultures and
likely result in the deaths of more than one of the charac-
ters' allies and associates.

Horror

Horror is a visceral, gut-wrenching theme which
takes more than throwing a few slavering creatures at the
characters to cause. In fact, it is most often the time
between when the characters know (or believe) that there
are slavering beasties coming after them and when the
monsters actually put in their appearance that horror
occurs. In the movie Alien, one of the main characters slips
into the ductwork to find the nasty critter waiting down
there in the dark. Unfortunately, the crew member moni-
toring the alien's position in the maze loses the alien, and
the man is left alone in the dark with it. When the alien
actually munches him, it releases the audience from their
horror. Why is it a torturer rarely hurries in his work?
Because his victims feel the most horror while watching
him heat the brand or sharpen the knife. They know what
is to come, and their imaginations create whole worlds of
torture before the brand ever touches their skin. Storytell-
ers who remember that this time between knowledge and
confrontation is often the most horrific can create horror
and tension fairly easily in their stories.

Discovering a fait accompli or that the character has
arrived just a little too late to help can also cause horror. Here
itisthe horror of failure, of loss, that confronts the custos. This
theme usually works best if it is brought in at the beginning or
middle ofa story, because the character will want tofinda way
tomake up for, or fix, the result of her failure. Storytellers who
leave a character feeling like a failure at the end of too many
stories, however, will undoubtedly soon surpass even the most
dedicated player's angst tolerance.

Horror Stories

A player character, custos or mage, is captured by
the Nephandi. The foul mages wish to enslave her and
warp her mind to their cause. The other characters must
track the kidnappers, either magically or physically,
through the Nephandi's nightmare world of noise, pain
and chaos. They must then decide whether it is worth the
considerable risk to attempt to rescue their companion.
Do they dare risk trying to infiltrate the evil web?

Even if the rescue is completed, the character may
have already been driven insane by the hideous evil of the
Nephandi and the torment she endured. Only by travel-
ing deep into the dreaming representations of her crazed
mind can the characters slay their friend's internal de-
mons and truly bring her home at last.

Stories involving insanity and torture require cau-
tion, but can provide great drama. Properly handled, they
can allow the characters to explore the depths of horror,
pain and evil which the Nephandi symbolize.

The custos are battling a revolting Nephandi famil-
iar when the creature steps through a magickal portal to
escape. Unfortunately for the custos, the creature also
draws them through the portal in its magickal "back-
wash." They find themselves in a shifting nightmare
Realm somewhere in the High Umbra. The characters
must find a way to return to their world as swiftly as
possible, for their chances of survival in this alien Realm
are slim at best.

Romance

Love and passion are at least as important to mages
and their companionsas to the Sleepers curled up in the
safety of their beds, comfortably ignorant of the true
nature of reality. In fact, the topsy-turvy world of the
Awakened may make a stable, loving relationship even
more important to those within it. Glimpsing the true
multiplicity of reality isenough to make a character feel
lonelier than ever among that great, vast
incomprehensiveness.

Love, whether the love of a parent for a child or a
lover for his partner, is a powerful force. People will do
almost anything to keep the object of their love alive and
safe. When a custos loves, however, that love unfortu-
nately creates a vulnerability that far too many people can
use to manipulate or exploit him. Custos can also serve as
pawns in that game, used to manipulate a mage who dares
let down her defenses long enough to learn to love a
devoted companion. This combination of danger, elation
and love in the World of Darkness makes romantic con-
nections a particularly useful theme to keep characters
interested in a storyline.

Chapter Three: The Tale Is Told 65


Romance Stories

¢ In this story involving an unaware custos, romance
blooms in the most unlikely of places! An august mage is
smitten at the sight of a young person (one of the charac-
ters) whom she sees in passing on the street. The mage's
pursuit of the character rivals the great Cyrano de Bergerac,
but how does a mage bring a young mortal into her life
without revealing the secrets of the Ascension War?

This story, suitable for beginning custos characters,
revolves around the growing awareness of this young lover
and her friends and tracks their shock and wonder at the
new existence that opens up before their eyes.

Atwiston this story, ora more abrupt introduction to
reality, has the love interest kidnapped by the mage's
enemies. The kidnapping and subsequent rescue by the
mage and the other characters may affect their relation-
ship adversely or provide a more interesting courtship
than just sending roses!

¢ A loyal custos (preferably one who has a long
history of loneliness and heartbreak) finds the love of his
life in a beautiful, intelligent and happy soul who seems
the answer to any man's prayers. Neither realizes at first
that the other is magickally aware, but both eventually the
learn the truth. They are tragically divided by their loyal-
ties, for the lover isa rival consor. As the two struggle with
this revelation, fate steps in.

Both are ordered by their masters on missions that
they know might bring them into direct conflict, even
combat. The custos must choose between love and loy-
alty. Meanwhile, the character's friends watch his growing
anguish. They also await their friend's decision, for they
will have their own choice to make if their companion
chooses to follow his heart. (This story also has a strong
loyalty theme.)

Rescue

The theme of rescue is an age-old one. Rescuing
someone or something is always at the heart of quests (or
else they wouldn't be quests) and often crucial to adven-
ture yarns of all kinds. In coming to the rescue, characters
prove their worth to themselves and to others. Stories
with this theme also often bring to light the importance of
relationships and people's connections to each other.
There are not many better ways to form a bond with
another person than by rescuing him, being rescued by
him, or rescuing someone else with him. This is undoubt-
edly one of the reasons that romance often flourishes in
adventure tales, blooming in the harsh atmosphere of
gunfights and brawls. Combining these two themes in one
story is one of the easier ways to get players quickly
involved in a game (see the first example story under
Romance for an example of this combination of themes).

Ascension's Right Hand


Rescue Stories

¢ The custos, in all the brashness of inexperienced
youth, are lured into a trap by agents of the New World
Order. Captured and facing torture and brainwashing by
their enemies, they wait and suffer in the face of certain
doom. In fact, they are merely bait to trap their mages.

Predictably enough, the concerned and affronted
mages venture a rescue attempt, only to find themselves
surprised, ambushed, and captured in the course of freeing
their servants! The minions of the New World Order,
veritably cackling with glee at their success, make only a
half-hearted attempt to recapture the insignificant custos.
After all, they now have the true prizes! The companions
must now regroup, rearm, band together, and mount their
own rescue attempt against forces powerful enough to
keep their mages imprisoned. They had also better hurry
if they hope to have anything left worth rescuing! (This
storyline is ideal for troupe-style play. Here, the players
can begin by playing their mages, then turn to their custos
characters, then back to their mages, etc.)

® Someone the companions value —a lover, a friend,
a pet, an innocent bystander, etc. — is endangered by
some mundane but nonetheless dangerous crisis. Perhaps
a dishonest landlord has kicked her out in the street, the
cops have arrested her for some crime, or a local gang has
singled her out for robbery or assault. Concerned custos
will have to be careful when confronting a situation where
force or magick might be a liability. Clever detective
work, subtle intimidation or behind-the-scenes manipu-
lation might be more effective (and less dangerous) than
head-on confrontation.

This kind of story makes a nice change of pace after
a long series of mystick adventures and might offer some
comic relief in an otherwise grim chronicle. Imagine what
fun a custos group could have harassing a slumlord, sabo-
taging a corporate takeover, or humiliating an obnoxious
politician! Who needs the Nephandi when you've got
Newt Gingrich? These kinds of rescue stories should be
cleverly set up and run with an eye towards the mundane
rather than the mysterious.

Chapter Three: The Tale Is Told


Buongs


Chapter Four:
Bones Clothed

First you go speaking to the shrubbery, and now you've
taken to naming it, as well. Faith, Doc, and you're a different
sort o" man entirely

— Simon Hawke, The Inadequate Adept

Character Creation

What's it like to play a companion, _ oran older person with a career? Did he believe in magick
striding (sometimes blindly) alongside your _ or think the whole thing was lunacy? In this particular
mage into a world he and his kind take for __instance, you may have the option of being wildly creative
granted? What are you like? What kind of in your character creation, for some custos are Horizon
abilities will youbring to the journey? What —_ Realm creatures, mythic beasts, cyborgs, possibly even
if you yourself are the guide? Although they —_ animate shrubs. Players should work with the Storyteller
resemble the mages they follow in many to determine what type of custos will most enhance the
ways, custos have aptitudes unique to their intended chronicle without unbalancing the game. Aside
own natures, dealt with in this chapter. from the need to avoid destroying the story with maxed-

First of all, you must decide just who you will play. out, overpowered characters, your imagination is the only
The best place to start is to decide what the character did _limit to what you may create.

before becoming involved with mages. Was she a student

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh 69


Tt bears repeating
ure of this chapter, May me
viitecsion" of point coy ie Seber:
but characters W! | ee
Heenan possibilities, notlists of neat PO
and drat Y is
ee Poin portant except as eee
ies es Sore than the sum of her po}
tools.

Rei

Once you know what the character used to do (and
possibly still does), you must determine when and how the
character came to associate with mages. The Storyteller may
havesome ideas which will tie into her chronicle, or the player
a may suggest ideas which the Storyteller may be able to workin.
‘y Before getting too involved in this part, however, the player

should know whether she will be playing an acolyte, consor or
4 familiar. Acolytes tend to know little of what is really going on

het and so would haveaslightly different introduction to the mage
be thanaconsor or familiar. This part can also shed some lighton.
" the character's motivation for being with the mystick ones. Is
Ke there a love interest? Perhaps a rival faction is attempting to

kidnap the character, and he finds safety with a mage.

If you plan to play an Awakened being such as a
Garou or vampire, you will need to rationalize your asso-
ciation with mages. Perhaps you are a family member who
has become a vampire and now seeks to reopen communi-
cations with a beloved brother. Perhaps the mage is a
Garou Kinfolk and considered good breeding stock.

Natures and Demeanors are optional, but are recom-
mended as excellent tools for roleplaying characters who are
slightly or radically different from yourself. Playing within
the constraints of the character's Nature and Demeanor can
beasatisfying challenge and may give you greater insightinto

her personality, behavior and motivations.

Your residence is your home base. It may be where you live

and keep up a mundane lifestyle when not with mages or it may

a be a Chantry. You may wish to have more than one residence.

'y One could serve as a front, another might be a hideaway, while
a third could be in your mage friends' Horizon Realm.

Affiliation is the faction to which you belong. You must

choose (with Storyteller approval, ofcourse) whether you will be

affiliated with Tradition mages, Orphans, the Technocracy or

" even the Marauders. Though Nephandi-affiliated characters are

notrecommended in anormal chronicle, these mightbe possible

ina chronicle which features themes of corruption.

Type refers to the sort of custos you are. You are one of
three types: acolyte, consor or familiar. Acolytes have no
Special Advantages and are generally not as powerful as
consors or familiars, some of whom have Special Advantages
unavailable to acolytes. These stronger companions are
usually aware of the Ascension War and their part in it.

Concept is a one or two word description which sums
up your character. Examples of concepts include Horizon
beast, music teacher, talking cat, scheming vampire, hotel

Fi maid, rock guitarist, environmental researcher, computer
i programmer and gonzo journalist.

ia

ay 70 Ascension's Right Hand

Once you've reached this point, you can start filling in
dots. As with most Storyteller system characters, you must
prioritize your Attributes as Primary, Secondary and Tertiary
and assign points to them. Keep your concept in mind when
doing this, and choose the attributes that make the most sense
for your character. Alternatively, you might play against type,
choosing, for instance, to play a bodyguard with low Strength
and Stamina, while maximizing your Wits in order to gain the
first move in combat situations. Poor Dexterity might be
compensated for by increasing Brawl or Firearms.

Next you should prioritize and assign points to your
Abilities. Again, you should choose Abilities that will allow
you to function in the role you've chosen (unless you wish to
play an inept, bumbling character who drags the rest of the
troupe into whatever misadventure his ineffectiveness gen-
erates). Starting characters may not raise any Ability above
three dots using their initial Abilities points. They may,
however, be raised using "freebie" points as usual.

Your Advantages come next. Your only Advantage is
Backgrounds if you are playing an acolyte. Consors and
familiars choose Backgrounds, but may choose to take five
points worth of Special Advantages as well. Special Abilities
include Hedge Magic, Psychic Phenomenaandahostofother
powers and forms. Consors automatically have the Mentor
background at one dot and may choose only four more dots
worth of Backgrounds with their initial Backgrounds points
(These may, of course, be raised with "freebie" points).

The last few touches to your character include recording
her base Willpower (custos begin with three points) and
spending your "freebie" points. Servants and basic acolytes
receive 15 "freebie" points, while consors and familiars have
21 "freebie" points to spend. Remember that "freebie" points
are not spent on a one-per-one basis (See chart).

Merits and Flaws are optional Traits you may use to flesh
out your character. They can add depth and provide further
insight into the character's personality and motivations; they
can also give additional powers or limitations. Merits cost
"freebie" points, while Flaws give a character more "freebie"
points towork with whenchosen. No character may take more
than seven points worth of Flaws and Merits unless doing so
truly defines her Concept. Even then, Storyteller approval is
required and caution is advised. Characters with too many
Merits can severely disrupt a chronicle, while those with too
many Flaws may find that they are too crippled to be ofany use.

Supernatural Creatures

Some consors are vampires, ghouls, Garou or other
werecreatures. To adequately portray all their attendant abilities
(Garou Gifts, vampire Disciplines, etc.) and complex societies,
these characters should use their own creation rules. Vampiric
and werebeast custosare notallowed to take Special Advantages
‘on top of their own. For details about these supernatural beings,
see Vampire, Werewolf and their attendant Players Guides.


Character Creation Outline

)

i

Step Two: : >
What are your basic capabilities?

° Prioritize your 3 Categories: Primary 6, Secondary 4, Tertiary 3

° Choose Physical Attributes: Strength, Dexterity & Stamina

° Choose Social Attributes: Charisma, Manipulation & Appearance
° Choose Mental Attributes: Perception, Intelligene & Wits

ie apices — eae

Step Four:

Select Advantages: In what ways are you unique?

° Choose Background Traits: May be limited by chronicle concept (5 points). Consors must choose Mentor for at = iY
least one point of their backgrounds. =

° Choose Special Advantages: Special consors and familiars only. These Traits may only be purchased with
Background or "freebie" points and only during creation.


Merits Special Advantages

Animal Form (3 pts)
a M0) Cause Insanity (varies)
See nit  Chamabay Galassi SEP
Hers Fi ace Kin (4) Claws, Fangs or Horns (3/517)
ate Extra Limb(s) (3 pts per limb)
eal) Extra Speed (variable)
Flaws Hazardous Breath (variable)

Compulsive Speech (1-2) Immunity (2/5/10/15)
Conflicting Loyalties (1-3) Information Font (3)
Alien Appearance (1-5) —_Intangibility (8/10 pts)

ship (1) Musical Influence (3)
wana 1) ° Mystick Shield (varies)
Bizarre Hunger (2-4) Nightsight (3)
Double Agent (2) Numina (7+; see below) dus
Hunchback (2) Physical Enhancement: (variable.
Thaumivore (5) Paradox Nullification (2-6)
Shapechanger (3/5/8)
Size (3/5/8)
Symbiotic Knowledge (5)
Umbral Travel (8/10/15)
Water Breathing (2/5)

PE

Hedge Magic

Successes Needed
Standard task (Conjuring a card) one
Difficult task (Healing a gunshot wound) one per path level

Impossible task (Binding a raging werewolf) one per path level, + 2 difficulty (10 maximum)

Path Listings
Path Effect Roll Willpower cost
Conjuration Pull things from "nowhere" Dexterity + Occult (no cost)
Cursing Cause bad fortune Manipulation + Intimidation 1 Willpower
Enchantment Create minor talismans Intelligence + Occult 1 Willpower
Ephemera 3 Deal with spirits Charisma + Enigmas (no cost) :
Healing Reduce pain or injury Manipulation + Intuition 1 Willpower
Herbalism/Brewing Create potions Intelligence + Herbalism (no cost)
Summoning, Binding and Warding Call, Bind, Ward & Dismiss Charisma + Occult to Summon (no cost)
= Manipulation + Occult to Bind — 1Willpower
} NG Wits + Int. + Occult to Dismiss (no cost)
, Wits + Occult to Ward (no cost)
Psychic Phenomena i ae
Phenomena
Clairvoyance Extend perceptions Perception + Alertness 1 Willpower
Psychokinesis Move objects mentally Wits + Athletics 1 Willpower
Telepathy Read minds Intelligence + Intuition 1 Willpower
True Faith

Repels vampires with a successfu

I contested roll of Faith rating vs. vampire's Willpower.
Also functions as one die of in

nate countermagick for each point of Faith.


KCOSTOS)

MAGE: The Ascension™

Name: Nature: Affiliation:

Player: Demeanor: Type:

Chronicle: Residence: Concept:
cmon ALTTIDULCS sesssveesmce
Physical Social

Strength @0000- Charisma @0000 Perception @0000

Dexterity @0000 _ = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000

Stamina @0000 = Appearance @0000 _ =~Wits @0000

Sa 1 a
Talents Skills Knowledges

Alertness. OOOOO Drive OO0O0O — Computer. O0000
Athletics. OOOOO - Etiquette OO000 Culture SS OOO00O0
Brawl OOOOO Firearms OOOOO ~ Enigmas OO0000
Dodge OOOCOO Leadership. OOOO Investigation OO0000
Expression, OO000O0 Meditation OO0O0O00 Law OO0000
Intimidation OO000- Melee OOOO Linguistics OO0000
Intuition OOOOCO |Research. OO0000 Medicine 00000
Streetwise OOOOO - Stealth 00000 Occult___~_—~ 0000
Subterfuge OOOOO - Survival OOOOO Science OO000

00000 _ Technology 00000 O0000

Special Advantages Backgrounds Merits & Flaws

00000 ______ 00000

00000 ——__~~_. 00000

O0000  ——_______. 00000.

00000 —______ 00000

00000.) =: COO00

00000 OO0000

Other Traits Willpower
00000 O0O00000000
00000 CO00000000

O0000
00000 ee

00000 Incapacitated
OO0000

00000 Experience
00000


New Traits

Once, they were men. Now, they are land crabs.
— Attack of the Crab Monsters
The new Traits below (excepting the

Flaw) can be added to virtually any Mage
character. They are, however, especially ap-
plicable to custos and expand on the

possibilities offered in The Book of Shadows.

New Knowledges
Health that mocks the doctor's rules,
Knowledge never learned of schools
— John Greenleaf Whittier, "The Barefoot Boy"

Familiar Lore

You have studied the ways of the spirit-beings who bond
themselves to mages. Although they seem almost infinite in
their variety, you have learned ways to categorize the creatures
in both type and abilities. You know something of the nature
and habits of these strange beings who come from the depths
of the spirit-realm to join a mage in exploring the nature of
reality. Youcomprehendat leasta few aspects of the true nature
of the mage-familiar relationship and know what types of
familiars most often associate themselves with certain mages.

ee A:

—

Merits and Flaws from The Book of Shadows
Many of the new Traits offered in The Book of
Shadows are as appropriate to custos as they are to mages,
if not moreso. Any Ability in that book (except for
Blatancy) works well for companion characters. As for
Merits and Flaws, those below come highly recommended
for un-Awakened characters:

Psychological: All

Mental: All but Prodigy.

Awareness: All.

Aptitudes: Alll (these are especially apt for custos).

Supernatural: True Love (especially for one's mage),
Danger Sense, Luck (good to have!), Unbondable, True
Faith (see Numina), Spirit Magnet, Cursed, Magical Pro-
hibition or Imperative, The Bard's Tongue, Spark of Life
or Psychic Vampire (for familiars), Dark Fate (perhaps a
mage can help you avgid it!).

Mage Ties: Any, if they apply to your association
with your mage.

Sleeper Society: Any are good; they make you useful.

Physical: Any except Child (unless the mage is
either your guardian, a child herself or a real pervert).


gh A

The character must have at least two dots in either
Spirit Lore, Cosmology or Occult Knowledge before pur-
chasing this Knowledge at all. (This restriction does not
apply to characters who are familiars.)

e Student: Well, it's got wings, a tail and three toes.

ee — College: Not only can you identify them as famil-
iars, but you know many of the theories of their origin.

eee Masters: You have a good grasp on Familiar Psych.
101 and are aware of the most common familiar powers.

° Doctorate: You know a great deal about the inter-
actions between mages and familiars and have heard of a
number of the more obscure familiar powers and quirks.

eeeeeScholar: You know more about familiars than
they do themselves. You can often tell what powers one
may have simply by looking at it.

Possessed by: Sages, Mages, Consors, Familiars, Spirits

Varieties: Marauder, Nephandi, Tradition, Orphan-Drawn

Hearth Wisdom

Yours is the common wisdom of the wise peasant, a
working knowledge of hidden things. Some call your skill
"superstition" or "folklore," but you know the power
simple items (cold iron, blessed wafers, gri-gri, herbal
cures and such) have over the world of shade. Although
this Knowledge does not grant you any form of magical
ability, you can use supernatural beings' weaknesses (sil-
ver, holy words, fire, Fetters and such) against them. You
may not comprehend the true intricacies of vampiric
society, Garou ways, Shadowland politics or the Ascen-
sion War, but youcan recount the secrets that commoners
have always known about these mystic beings — secrets
that hold more truth than those beings believe!

In game terms, this Knowledge grants you a supply of
folk tales and simple charms which may or may not work
in given situations. Characters with this wisdom might
recognize a vampire, changeling, wizard or werecreature
for what it is, even if it pretends to be otherwise, and may
understand some fact which the Awakened one thinks is
obscure. Hearth Wisdom might state: "Men go mad in the
sight of moon-born and recall it not thereafter. Avoid
angering those of bestial aspect," a helpful reference to the
Delirium and Garou Rage. A successful Hearth Wisdom
roll should offer a helpful insight into a supernatural threat
and how to deal with it. The effectiveness of such insights
are left to the Storyteller, but the better the roll, the more
accurate the information should be. This is especially
useful when coupled with True Faith or used against mages
with the Echoes Flaw or vampires with the Flaws Taint of
Corruption, Repelled by Crosses or Repulsed by Garlic.

Characters with Hearth Wisdom can also use simple
remedies for colds, labor pains, fertility and such. Although
not as potent as the Herbalism skill, such cures should have
some effect. After all, many discoveries of modern medicine
and ancient healing are based in so-called "old wives' tales."

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh 5


© Insightful: You know a few bits of lore from your
native culture.

ee — Clever: You recognize the traces the supernatural
has left on our world, even if others don't.

eee Knowledgeable: People come to you for advice
and minor cures. You are familiar with lore from other
cultures, though you're not well-versed in it.

°

Learned: You are a fountain of lore and remedies
from your native culture and others as well. You can spot
a supernatural being with a successful Perception + Alert-
ness roll (difficulty 7) if you get close enough, and you know
the things he fears.

¢¢¢eeWise: Though not a scholar, you are versed in
folklore from every part of the world. Those who respect
your wisdom undertake pilgrimages to ask you for advice.
Although your knowledge is cloaked in riddles and stories,
you understand more about the shadow world than many
of its denizens do.

Po: ed by: Village Elders, Old Wives, Supernatural
Hunters, Witches and Witch Doctors, Folklore Research-
ers, Arcanum Investigators, Hermits, Herbalists, Farmers,

Game Designers

Specialties: Northern European, Native American, Appa-
lachian, Central A frican, AmazonNative, Caribbean, Easter
European, Gypsy, Vagabond Lore, Eastern Mystic, Outback,
Grassland, Pacific Island, Mediterranean

Ascension's Right Hand

Spirit Lore

Thoughts of the great beyond often fill your mind.
Your attention often focuses on the spirit world which
parallels our own and its multitude of mysterious inhabit-
ants. Moreover, you have some practical knowledge
concerning the inhabitants of these Realms. You know of
the different regions dividing the spirit world, and youalso
understand the distinction between spirits and wraiths. If
you have devoted your attention to this study longenough,
you may also be able to read and interpret arcane texts on
spirits and their Realms.

This Knowledge cannot be bought during creation
unless the character is a spirit, mythic beast or familiar.
Humans can only purchase this Ability with experience.

. Student: You've read a lot of roleplaying games.
** College: You frequent séances and own a num-
ber of Victorian spi
.

tualism books.

Masters: You have an extensive library on spirits
and their lands.

@eee Doctorate: You are a recognized expert and
renowned author in the study of spirits.

°

Scholar: The spirits ask you for advice.
Possessed by: Custos, Garou, Kindred, Mages, Occult-
ists, Sages, Spirits
Varieties: Ghosts, High Umbra, Middle Umbra, Spe-
cific Spirits, Cosmic Hierarchies, Animism


Merits and Flaws

Charns strike the sight, but merit

Wins the soul.

— Alexander Pope, The Rape of the Lock

Custos have some particular Merits and Flaws that
suit their natures. Merits will benefit to the characters
while Flaws act to their detriment. Some Merits and
Flaws will have little effect on the game besides style,
but others may unbalance an entire chronicle and
should be handled with care. Here are a few new ones
for custos:

Loyalty: (I pt Merit)

You are a loyal and devoted individual. The object
of this loyalty may be either a particular individual
(your mage, lover, etc.) or a group or cause (your
Chantry, Greenpeace, etc.). You easily resist almost all
temptations toward disloyalty. If you are facing super-
natural persuasion (Mind magick, etc.) to betray your
master or cause, your effective Willpower is increased
by two due to your extreme loyalty.

Hideaway: (2 pt Merib

You own a special hideaway— a house, cottage or
other building that no one knows about but you. It has
never been registered in your name or linked to you in any
way, making it quite unlikely that anyone could trace you
there. It is modestly furnished, and you keep it stocked
with necessities for about a two week stay. Such places are
good for hiding from all the various enemies a mage and his
consors might make.

Once each game in which the hideaway plays an
active part (i.e. one when people might discover it), the
Storyteller will call for a roll on two dice with a difficulty
of 6. Success (at least one six) means no one has discov-
ered the hideaway. Failure indicates that you didn't
adequately cover your tracks, and your foes know the
general vicinity of your property. Four such cumulative
failures leads them right to you, while a botch immediately
renders your secret worthless.

Faerie Companion: (3 pt Merit)
You have a faerie companion, a friend and associate
who's one of the wee folk — the changelings. Perhaps he
is a Muse of yours, or your creativity feeds his craving for
dreams. In any case, this fae companion tends to stay out

—oneenee

—
=S==
ER
=

ih

|

|

Luli

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh

1


* afhanag)

This does not come without cost, however. You must
continue to feed on vampire blood occasionally, otherwise
you will regain your mundane mortality and crave forever the
sweet rush of your former mistress' essence. Should you revert
(after going a month or more without the sacred vitae), you
will lose your supernatural might forever.

Compulsive Speech: (I-2 ptFlaw)

You are compelled to speak in some manner which is
against your own best interests. You find it impossible to
stop yourself from being rude and blunt when fin
called for, telling a self-aggrandizing lie when it is obvi-
ously not the truth, criticizing someone or her work when
your opinion has not been asked or when you actually
know very little about the subject, or telling the absolute
truth when a small fib or white lie would smooth the way.

is

Choose one of these (or some other equally obnox-
ious tendency). A one point Flaw means you only do it
some of the time when you are speaking to those you
consider equals or inferiors. A two point Flaw means you
say such things to everyone, regardless of their relation-
ship to you. Spending a point of Willpower allows you to
ignore the urge for one scene.

Conflicting Loyalties: I-3 ptFlaw)

You are a very loyal individual (and undoubtedly
possess the Loyal Merit). Unfortunately, one or more of
the people or things you feel great loyalty towards are in
conflict. Even if the conflict is currently submerged be-
neath other concerns, you know that one day you will be
forced to make one or more anguish-filled choices.

er discovers that

What will happen when your
your mage is the man who killed her child? You know it
was an accident, but you also know your sister will never
rest until she avenges her baby. Yet you are desperately in
love with your mage... You can only hope that you can
find some way to reconcile your conflicts before you are
torn apart by your need to fulfill the responsibilities of your
conflicting loyalties.

The extent and immediacy of the conflict determines
the point cost of this Flaw; the greater and/or more
immediate the conflict, the larger the Flaw.

Alien Appearance: (I-5 pt Flaw)

Youhave an appearance that marks you as different from
normal humans (or cats or whatever). You are more notice-
ableand easily remembered because of your bizarre appearance.
At level one, you may only have a minor difference such as
plaid eyes or fangs which are visible when you speak, while at
level five you are such an oddity (a tiger tail, elephant ears,
blue skin) that you must remain covered wherever you go to
avoid upsetting the Sleepers. If you can convince someone
you're in theatrical makeup, of course...

This Flaw is often possessed by Umbral beasties and
some familiars.


Hero Worship: (I pt Flaw)

You regard another individual, most probably your
mage, with respect that approaches reverence. The object
of your hero worship can literally do no wrong in your eyes,
which can lead to some serious disputes with your fellows.
You must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 5) to disobey
an instruction given by your hero. In your eyes, he is
perfect. In fact, you add + 1 difficulty to any roll in which
success would require you to admit that your hero is wrong.

Whimsy: (1 pt Flaw)

You become whimsical under stress. Rather than
getting serious when things go wrong, you tend to get
tickled and adopt a fey attitude. While this can occasion-
ally be so disarming that foes are caught off-guard (perhaps
giving you another chance to best them), it usually pre-
vents you from doing anything particularly helpful for one
turn and really annoys your companions.

Bizarre Hunger: (2-4 pt Flaw)

You have very odd dietary needs. Rather than normal
food, you must consume some odd or disgusting substance
in order to maintain your health. If you are unable to
acquire and consume your required substance, you begin
losing Health Levels at the rate of one per day after your
first day of fasting. Although you may eat "normal" food as
well, you derive no sustenance from it.

Eating such odd fare is bound to attract attention if
you do it in public. Some substances are also harder to get
than others. In general, the more disgusting the substance
required or the more difficult it is to obtain, the greater the
Flaw. Examples:

2 pts Pig's blood, iodine, cat food (unless you are a cat)
3 pts Heroin, rotten meat, mare's milk
4pts Child's blood, gold, feces

Double Agent: (2 pt Flaw)

You are a double agent, secretly working for another
faction in the Ascension War. If you associate with a
Tradition mage, you secretly work for the Technocracy,
the Nephandi or the Marauders. Whoever you actually
work for will eventually make demands which place you in
an awkward position. Should your actual role in affairs be
discovered, you would be reviled (at the very least).

Hunchback: (2 pt Flaw)

Almost expected of Son of Ether servants, this defor-
mity hinders your movement and focuses the scorn of
those who walk upright. Some day, they'll pay... Add 1 to
all Social difficulties (regardless of how your face looks)
and Dexterity-based Attribute rolls.

Qmaha '95-

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh

Es


Thaumivore: (5 pt Flaw)

You are one of the Bygone, a mythic beast shut off
from the Earth by the powers of disbelief, the death of
magick. In the spirit world, you found a home, until
some purpose, friend or compulsion brought you back
to the material world. To stay alive here, though, you
must consume raw magick — Quintessence, in Tass or
Prime form.

This Flaw resembles Bizarre Hunger, except that
your food is Quintessence. In one form or another, you
must consume at least one point of Quintessence per
day or suffer pangs of deadly hunger (most Thaumivores
require much more than that to stay in fighting trim).
After no more than a week of starvation, your physical
form will deteriorate to rotted nothing. During that
time, you will lose Health Levels, endure Dice Pool
penalties, and generally suffer. An eating binge will
satisfy your hunger for a time, but the more you eat, the
more you'll crave.

This diet is almost guaranteed to get you and your
companions in trouble. If you cultivate a taste in a
certain "flavor" of Quintessence (distilled by hate,
love, anguish, sacrifice, etc.), you may not want any
other kind. If your demands are not met, you may turn
and eat your mage out of Node and home, munch on
Talismans, or just depart in a huff, returning to the
more hospitable Realms.

Special Advantages

E's invisible! That's wots the matter wi' im!

— The Invisible Man

The special Traits below are the providence of the
paranormal. Normal human beings cannot purchase these
weird powers without some sort of supernatural tinkering
(which is not generally a good idea in the long run!).
These special Advantages are intended for consors and
familiars from odd places — Horizon Realms, Technoc-
racy laboratories, the twisted corners of Nephandi-held
lands and out-of-the-way places that reality forgot.

Conventional reality is not kind to creatures with
these abilities (note the prejudice inherent in calling
them "creatures" to begin with!). In the harsh light of the
Technocratic paradigm, outlandish beings quickly grow
sick and sometimes even die. A fanged zebra with wings
will not last long on this world (see "Unbelief" in The
Book of Madness). The climate does not agree with their
kind. While secret hidden places shelter beings far beyond
our comprehension, such entities do not usually wander
down Main Street without problems.

With these Traits, Storytellers and players can create
the more bizarre types of magickal companions — talking
wolves, golems, unicorns and such. Only consors and
familiars may purchase these Advantages and only during
character creation with Background or "freebie" points.

Some Advantages, such as Hazardous Breath, Physical
Enhancement, Numina and Immunity, may be bought up
with experience, but the ability must exist from the begin-
ning for it to be added to later.

Although Paradox will not instantly strike down a
being with these powers, it may erode their existence (see
above). At the least, it will make them uncomfortable in
plain sight of mundane folks. Those same people will
probably be distressed to find an unearthly beastie in their
midst as well. They might go running straight to the
National Enquirer — or to a gun store!

With the exception of Numina, these Advantages are
beyond "normal" human beings, as they involve some sort
of physical or magickal characteristic mortals do not
share. Some, like wings, will be obvious to anyone who
sees them. More subtle mutations, like fangs or cybernet-
ics, are generally inconspicuous but still abnormal.
Storytellers should not allow human mages to purchase
these Advantages; used carelessly, such Traits can turn a
serious game into a goofy comic book. Naturally, there are
some merits to an off-the-wall kind of game, but flamboy-
ant superpowers really aren't appropriate for the
Gothic-Punk setting. These Advantages, and creatures
with them, are rare!

Animal Form: (3 pts)

Although your consor is intelligent and empowered,
she is (or appears to be) an animal of some sort —a cat, a
bear, a hawk, a horse, etc. This has no effect on Mental
Attributes, but may affect the Physical and Social ones
and will definitely prove to be both help and hindrance,
depending on the circumstances. Most societies require
some kind of control over animals — leashes, licenses,
impoundment, shots and such — and will not often allow
them into buildings or meetings. People rarely take un-
usual "beasts" seriously, and some may want to hunt them,
collect them or purchase them. All the same, animals,
especially small ones, can often get into places no human
could reach and may overhear things no person would
choose to reveal.

If you choose to run an animal (or something which
resembles one), first decide what type you want to be, then
figure your Attributes accordingly. Mammals tend to have
higher Social Traits than reptiles or birds, although this is
largely a judgment call (is a snake more charismatic than
a monkey?). Physical Attributes will usually figure most
prominently in an animal companion.

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh 81


This Advantage allows the character the natural
form of some kind of animal — the type itself is unimpor-
tant. The animal can still talk normally if the player
desires. Natural abilities, such as Claws, Wings, or Size,
must be bought separately from this list. Magickal beasts
are possible with this Advantage, but their powers must be
purchased as well, making them pretty expensive to build.

Cause Insanity: (varies)

Parasitical scum, you die so easily

But you have always sickened me

Your will enslaved you grovel for more

Soon your bowels will litter the floor

— Gwar, "Crack in the Egg"

You have the power to twist the minds of others,
dragging them away from the solid roads of sanity and into
the rotting, fevered jungles of insanity. You are a true
maestro of your art. Every twitch and leer taps out another
perfect crack on the brittle housing of your audience's
mind. Few mortals can long resist the power of your
performance, and they offer up their minds to you like
fragrant bouquets, acknowledging your genius.

This foul power is normally possessed by beings allied
with Nephandi or Marauders. The means each familiar
uses to cause insanity varies according to its physical form
and personal twisted preferences. Some open windows
into the deep Umbra, allowing unsuspecting victims to
view the horrors therein. Others revel in performances
involving crazy gibbering and insidious conversation to
eat away at sanity, while still other familiars graphically
transform their bodies into monstrous horrors.

Whatever method the familiar uses, the player rolls
one die for every two points in the pool, with the difficulty
being the target's Willpower. If the character only gets
one to two successes, the Storyteller determines the type
of insanity caused. If the familiar wins three or more
successes, the player may decide what form of dementia
she inflicts. The length and severity of the madness
depends on the number of successes rolled as well; one or
two successes might inflict a minor phobia, while five or
more could ring in a full-blown freak-out. Such insanity
canbe cured with patient psychotherapy or Mind magicks.

Chameleon Coloration: (4/6/8 pts)

This Advantage allows the character to change color,
blending in with hersurroundings. Such a transformation will
take one to three turns, depending on how radical the change
is. A variation on this power, Shadowwalking, lets the
character darken her skin to blend into surrounding shadows.

Changing color does not require a roll. People trying to
see the character, however, must roll Wits + Alertness,
difficulty 7, to see her. Shadowwalking costs 4 points. Shift-
inghueswithinasingle color (red, brown, etc.) costs6 points,
and changing to fit any color background costs 8 points.


ol

lel

Claws, Fangs or Horns: (3/5/7 pts)

With this natural weaponry, a companion may bite,
gore or slash his opponents if he is so inclined. These
appendages may be cybernetic implants, custom-built
weapons or real fangs and claws, but they are not generally
removable without injury (though they could be sheathed).
For three points, the character may have one type of
attack; for five points, two. Seven points will buy all three.
These attacks do not normally do aggravated damage. If
the Storyteller allows it, however, a mythic beast (uni-
corn, dragonet, etc.) may inflict aggravated wounds with
its attacks for double the usual cost (6/10/14).

Maneuver Difficulty Damage

Bite: 5 Strength + 1
Claw: 6 Strength + 2
Gore: 7 Strength + 2 (Strength + 4 if

the character has just moved
10 yards or more)

Extra Limb(s) (3 pts per limb)

You have one more limb than the average human
being. This might be an extra arm, a tail, facial tentacles
or something like that. Such a limb comes in awfully
"handy" at times. This Advantage is most commonly
possessed by familiars, but other unusual custos (cyborgs,
Horizon beasties, lab "accidents") may take it as well with
some sort of good explanation.

This Advantage might allow you an additional melee
attack each turn (with -1 to both die pools), in addition to
that extra hand to juggle the groceries, keys and wallet! Of
course, you do look a bit unusual and may have to hide
your appearance from the easily startled Sleepers that
surround you. This Advantage can be purchased more
than once, but costs 3 points for each new limb.

Extra Speed: (variable)

This allows a companion to outmaneuver a normal
human. For every 5 points (up to a maximum of 10), the
consor may take one extra action per turn without split-
ting her die pool. When moving, this allows the character
to multiply a normal human's speed by x 1.5 for each five
points spent.

Normal human 5 pts 10pts
Walk 7 yrds/turn lL 14
Jog 13 yrds/turn 20 26
Run 20 yrds/turn 30 40

Hazardous Breath: (variable)

The dragon lives! A mythic companion with this
Advantage can blast out some sort of dangerous substance
oncommand —fire, bullets, poison gas, acidic spittle, etc.
The attack need not really be a breath weapon; any sort of
long-range hazard will do. This ability is potent and
uncommon. Storytellers should consider beforehand
whether they wish to allow players to buy this attack.

83


For every five points spent, the character inflicts one
Health Level of damage with its breath with a successful
Dexterity + Brawl roll (difficulty 7). The exact specifica-
tions of the attack depend on its nature. A blast of flame
will have a quicker effect than a gout of deadly goo.

For seven points per Health Level, the damage can be
caustic, inflicting an additional Health Level per damage
level each turn until the stuff is washed up or the target
dies. Napalm, caustic glop, gas and toxic waste are good
examples of this kind of hazard. Either kind of damage can
be soaked.

Breath weapons usually cause normal damage unless
the target is vulnerable to that attack (vampires and fire,
for example). For double the usual cost, the damage can be
aggravated. Under most circumstances, this weapon can
be used once per scene for every point of Stamina the
character possesses. Range is the Storyteller's discretion
and will vary from attack to attack (lightning bolts will
carry further than acidic drool). If the hazard could poten-
tially hurt more than one target at a time, assume that
ich success above the first allows an additional victim to
be hurt if he is within range of the attack (roughly two
yards or less from the initial target).

Immunity: (2/5/1O/I5 pts)

A being with this Advantage can ignore the effects of
some kinds of potentially dangerous things. It's mostly
intended for robots, golems, cyborgs and odd Horizon

=
| i

Beasties, but can be used to reflect an especially tough or
conditioned person ("I've spent years building up an
immunity to iocane powder...").

Players must have some reason to grant their charac-
ters physical immunities — they do not simply occur.
Each kind of resistance most be bought separately; thus,
becoming immune to everything is extremely expensive.

2 pts Some minor nuisance (poison ivy, common cold
or flu, minor temperature changes)

5 pts Major threat (diseases, venoms, temperature ex-
tremes, hunger)

10 pts Terminal effects (electricity, fire, age, deadly
poisons, radiation, icy cold)

15 pts Death (character is
be hurt or even crippled. Some sort of doom can still befall
him, though he may not know what it is.)

ssentially immortal, but can

Information Font: (3 pts)

All familiars have access to information not readily

available to their patrons. They also view the world from
radically different perspectiv

eled other lands and other dimensions, and it shows. For

s; they have, after all, trav-

the same reason, familiars are often reservoirs of vast

amounts of knowledge not always easily accessible to even

. OF course, these

the most esoterically versed of mag

same familiars might get the heebie-jeebies from opening

a refrigerator or watching a TV sit-com. Such is culture

shock.


All familiars come up with bizarre, yet helpful infor-
mation at random and unpredictable intervals. This data
is almost always cryptic to both mage and familiar, al-
though for opposite reasons. It is often exceedingly difficult
for the familiar to relate its knowledge to the physical
world around it. They are truly "strangers in a strange
land" and often have difficulties fitting the truths of one
realm of experience into the framework of an entirely
different one. Like people barely fluent in a second lan-
guage, familiars often have problems translating complex,
esoteric concepts from one language to the next. Likewise,
the familiar's internal translations are often a bit haphaz-
ard. This garbled wisdom comes through to the mage in
ways the familiar feels should be utterly comprehensible,
but are not. Nevertheless, the familiar's mage can often
complete the translation through her understanding of
this realm of existence. Indeed, a number of familiars feel
this translation service is one of the most useful advan-
tages of taking on a mage.

This complex flow of insight is best reflected in off-
the-wall roleplaying. When a system is needed, however,
occasional Perception + Knowledge rolls could be used.
The nature of the Ability should be matched to the
situation — either totally appropriate or wildly inappro-
priate! To understand these outer reaches of esoteric
knowledge at any time, a puzzled mage's player should roll
Intelligence + Enigmas with a difficulty ranging from
moderate to impossible, depending on how weird the
input is. The clarity and usefulness of the information
dredged up depends on the number of successes received.
The greater the number of successes, the better the infor-
mation is understood.

Intangibility: (8/10 pts)

Where'd she go? A companion with this rare Advan-
tage can either disappear from plain sight (eight points) or
become totally incorporeal (10 points). Either option can
be a hassle for Storytellers, who may choose to disallow
this Advantage for player characters.

Going Intangible does not normally require a roll, but
it does cost one point of Willpower each time the compan-
ion changes from one state to another. Running out of
Willpower will trap her in whatever state she was in until
she can get herself back together.

A creature who simply disappears will confound any
normal observer or surveillance equipment, although
motion sensors, IR and UV gear, laser spotters, vampiric
Auspex, Lifesight and sensing Gifts and magicks will
detect her on a normal Perception + Alertness roll (diffi-
culty 7). This Advantage does nothing to hide any odors
or sounds the character might emit, either. A sharp
observer can notice an invisible companion by the effect
she has on her environment (Perception + Alertness

difficulty 9).

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh 85


Going totally Intangible renders the companion im-
mune to any sort of physical obstacle or force. Mystick
forces, including True Faith and Numina, still affect an
Intangible character normally. The character herself,
however, cannot orient onto a physical target while in-
substantial; she must reform before she can turn those
energies outward. She can still be seen by mortal sight, but
vaguely (Perception + Alertness or Awareness, difficulty 8).

This Advantage simulates spirits who drift from flesh
to formlessness. It should not be allowed for non-ephem-
eral beings without an excellent explanation.

Musical Influence: (3 pts)

A companion with this Advantage can sing, hum,
wail or howl in some unusually expressive way. With a
successful Social Attribute + Ability roll (difficulty is
target's Willpower), the character can charm, cheer, de-
press or terrify anyone within hearing range.

Manipulation is the most common Attribute coupled
with this Advantage, although Charisma might also work.
Appropriate Attributes include Expression, Intimidation
(to raise chills), Seduction (to lure someone to his doom),
Ventriloquism (to throw the sound), Mimicry (to mirror
another's song), Animal Training (to influence animals),
Singing and even Torture and Hypnotize (for really un-
usual effects). The feelings engendered by this song are
pretty surface-level; this ability weaves a mood, not a
mind-altering spell. Still, the emotional effect of a good
roll ought to color any subject's attitude for a while to
come.

Mystick Shield: (varies)

This power, common among familiars, lets you focus
limited magickal forces to save your butt from magickal
attacks. Although this protection isn't perfect, it's a heck
of a lot better than doing nothing in the face of a deter-
mined mage or slavering demon!

Some familiars with this power have a magickal, yet
natural, resistance to magick attacks. Spell energies seems
to wash over them, they happen to be behind cover during
the explosion, and you never can quite get a bead on their
brains with those psychic attacks. Others can throw up
sudden shields to intercept incoming magicks. Whatever
the effects might be, players should decide the nature of
their characters' resistance beforehand.

Every two points in the Advantage grants your char-
acter one die of countermagick or adds + 1 to the difficulty
ofa mystick attack directed at her (not both at once). The
power acts like a Dodge. To attempt it while doing other
things, subtract the dice in the shield from your normal
total. Whipping the shield up merely takes a declared
action during Initiative.

86 Ascension's Right Hand


Nightsight: (3 pts)

The effect of this Advantage is simple: the character
can see in the dark so long as some dim light source exists.
This source can even include self-mounted spotlights in
the case of robots. Unusually bad conditions (smoke, fog,
total darkness) may demand a Perception + Alertness roll,
with difficulties dependent on the circumstances.

Numina: (7 pts++)

These unusual abilities include Hedge Magic, True
Faith and Psychic Phenomena. Normal humans can use
these Advantages, although they're pretty rare. See Chap-
ter Five for details about Numina.

Physical Enhancement:
(variable)

Players who wish to run companions stronger, tougher
or faster than humans have come to the right place. For
each five "freebie" points spent, you may buy another dot
for your character's Physical Attributes (to put them
above 5), buy an additional soak die for absorbing damage,
or add one more Health Level to your custos' total. This
could reflect minor cybernetic enhancement, built-in
armor, steroids or just natural agility, power or mass.

Storytellers should be careful, lest this Advantage get
out of control. A maximum cap of 8 for Attributes and
three extra Health Levels or soak dice is recommended.

Paradox Nullification: (2-5 pts)

Familiars can absorb and nullify a certain amount of
Paradox energies. Some speculate that the Bygone consume
the banality of the world that has largely rejected them. This
talent is one of the more prominent reasons why mages
search out familiars. The companions themselves maintain
that this ability meshes so well with the needs of the Paradox-
ridden mages that they must be meant to be together.

This Advantage comes naturally to most familiars.
The amount of Paradox one absorbs and nullifies varies
from individual to individual.

2 pts Absorb up to one point of Paradox per month.
3 pts Eat up to one point of Paradox biweekly.

4 pts Consume a point of Paradox per week.

5 pts Snack on up to two points of Paradox per week.
6 pts Absorb up to a point of Paradox per day.

Shapechanger: (3/5/8 pts)

Some consors have many different shapes and guises;
this tricky Advantage lets a character shift forms. It's a pretty
vulgar power and an unusual one. Storytellers should feel free
to restrict or disallow this ability if they fear its abuse.

Transformation usually takes one turn, although the
nature of the change may dictate a slower or quicker shift.
Any clothing, equipment or weapons should be discarded

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh 87


first unless the new form could carry themas well. Chang-
ing shape in public is not wise, as strange backlashes have
been know to happen. Even if the consor avoids a meta-
physical rebuke, folks who witness beings changing shape
tend to react with either fear, madness or curiosity — any
one of which could be fatal to the shapechanger!

This power only grants the ability to change shape.
Any non-human characteristics of the new form must be
purchased with the appropriate Advantages. If Valgreth
the Incamani were to shift from human form into a white
falcon, he would also have to purchase wings, claws and
reduced size, regardless of which form was his real one.

A shapeshifter is easily detectable as a magickal being if
one knows how to look (Perception + Awareness, difficulty
7, orany number of Life, Prime or Spirit magicks). He should
also have some sort of good background reason for his power
— it is not an talent easy to come by. Such shapshifters are
not true werecreatures and are not protected by the effects of
the Delirium (see Werewolf), though they may passas Gaia's
Chosen to the uninitiated. This is, however, an innate
power. It cannot be stopped by an outside party without
transforming the companion himself.

Players may wish to list their alternate form(s), with
their attendant Advantages, either on the back of their
character sheet or ona separate one. Unless the new form
dictates otherwise (see Size and Animal Form) or the
player desires differently, the Attributes and Abilities of
the new form(s) are the same as the old. If the character
stays in different forms for long periods of time, his player
may, with Storyteller permission, buy Talents, Skills or
Knowledges unique to one form or the other.

3 pts Character has one alternate form.

5 pts Hecan transform into anything within a certain
group (people, fish, cats, mythic beasts, mind-shattering
horrors, etc.).

8 pts He can change into anything if he has enough
Advantages that apply.

Size: (3/5/8 pts)

Characters within the human size range should con-
sider the four point Huge Merit or the one point Short
Flaw (see The Book of Shadows). If your companion is
considerably larger or smaller, however, the following
Advantages apply:

3 pts A bit larger (pony, lion) or smaller (mastiff,
cheetah) than human.

5 pts A lotlarger (horse, tiger, boa) orsmaller (poodle,
housecat, barracuda) than human.

8 pts Considerably larger (rhino, great white shark, small
tree) or smaller (mouse, goshawk, sea urchin) than human.

Each size level adds or subtracts one Health Level to the
amount of damage the character can withstand (note that a
rat with four Health Levelsisstilla pretty tough rat!) and gives
or takes one additional point of either Strength or Stamina.

Although it seems like larger characters come off better than
smaller ones at first glance, consider what... inconveniences
amassive being has when hiding, getting into cramped places,
and evading attacks. Companions with two levels of size
either add or subtract 1 from their opponents' difficulties to
hit them or spot them; ones with three add or subtract 2.

Symbiotic Knowledge: (5 pts)

You have an extremely close relationship with your
mage. In fact, you have entered each others' consciousness
to such an extent that you now know some of what she
knows. In the same manner, your mage has doubtless
absorbed some wisdom of your own. This shared knowl-
edge has aided your understanding of each other and
allows you to share thoughts through a mental bond.

This power, a very common one between mages and
familiars, creates an empathic channel between the two. It is
not thoughts that are exchanged so much as hunches.
Through this bond, both parties can utilize any Knowledge
that the other possesses, so long as the two are in the same
room. This is an intuitive understanding, not instruction.
The Ability fades when the channel is closed, although
either party may teach the other that Knowledge at leisure.
Both familiar and mage must make a conscious decision to
share their wisdom. For especially complex transmissions,
like trying to pass on your understanding of quantum physics,
both parties might have to make Wits + Intuition rolls with
the level of the Knowledge + 3 as the difficulty.

The strengths and liabilities of such empathic transmis-
sions should be obvious. Ifeither mage or familiar is pissed off,
in love, agitated or otherwise impassioned, those sentiments
(and the reasons behind them) are unflinchingly clear to the
other partner. This is great when relations are good, or when
one of the partners is in trouble, but can be disastrous if one
is trying to keep secrets from the other.

Ombral Travel: (8/IO/I5 pts)

You can "step sideways" into one of the three Umbral
realms that exist near the mage's home reality. All you
need do is peer into a reflective surface or dive through a
pool of water, and you're there. Well, okay, so it's not quite
that easy, but it sure beats taking the bus!

Moving through the Gauntlet requires spending a
point of Willpower and rolling five dice against difficulty 7
(or the Gauntlet rating, if you prefer):

Successes

Botch Failure, lose Willpowerpoint (orgetstuck!!)
None Failure, try again

One Three turns to pass through

Two Takes two turns

Takes one turn
Instant passage

Three, four
Five or more


Sample beginning character:
Valgreth the Incamani

Attributes (parenthesis indicate white hawk form):
Strength 3 (2), Dexterity 4, Stamina 2 (1), Charisma 1,
Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 4, Intelli-
gence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Subterfuge 2, Drive 1, Firearms 2, Meditation 1, Melee 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 3, Cosmology 2, Linguistics 1
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Arcane 2, Mentor 2

Willpower: 3

Merits and Flaws: Acute Sight +1, Compulsive Speech -2,
Curiousity -2

Advantages: Shapeshift 3, (Animal Form 3, Size level 3-8,
Wings 3, Beak and Claws 5). Total freebies spent: 23

Background: Valgreth's mother claimed he was birthed
ofa.vision she shared with the great shaman Laughing Eagle.
The mage himself has no comment, but séems kind enough.
to the young man, especially considering the latter's sharp
and ready tongue. Raised in the Gray Squirrel's protectorate,
Valgreth alienated many of his tribe by the time he passed
puberty. His good looks and nasty wit enticed the girls, but
did not endear him to their parents. By 16, he wandered the
plains alone, seeking friends who could appreciate his wis-
dom. Despite his obnoxious ways, he was wise.

From childhood, Valgreth knew the power of the hawk,
hischosen guardian and soul-companion. He understood the
hawk so well that the spirit gifted him with the power to
transform, to wing through the updrafts and learn the ways of
nature unbound. In time, his abrasive temper mellowed. He
still holds forth on anything he pleases, but his jokes are
gentler and his observations more guarded.

ce in the Penumbra, you can travel to the Umbral
reais (oie you know how!). The layer of Shadow that
youpass into, however, dependson the your character' ‘snature
and conception. Most Bygones will be drawn instinctively to
the Middle Umbra, where they feel safest. Highly refined
companions (especially familiars) may pass on to the High
Realms. A handful of death-bound consors can even delve
into the Shadowlands, though they can gono further than the
dead reflection of the living world. Only the rarest of compan-
ions can travel into more than one of the Three Worlds.
Basic Umbral travel (into one chosen World) costs
eight points; it costs 10 points to go into two Worlds, ae 5
to be able to reach any of the three. Storyteller may feel ree
to restrict or disallow this Advantage. For more information
on the Otherworlds, see Werewolf, Wraith: The Oblivion,
Haunts, Necropolis Atlanta, Umbra: The Velvet Shadow,
The Book of Madness and The Book of Shadows.

Water Breathing: (2/5 pts) <
is si ither breathe

With this simple power, a consor may ei ‘
underwater or, for five points, need not breathe at all. This
‘Advantage also confers a certain degree of resistance to

He fell in with Gail Holsombake while the latter was
visionquesting herself. Their mutual curiosity and sarcasm
ignited a friendship that has endured three years of constant
company. While he has never used the word "love" in
reference to Gail; Valgreth has deep feelings for his Verbena
pal. He often accompanies her on her journeys away from
their Realm, perched on hershoulder in his white hawk guise
or lounging in weathered denim somewhere nearby.

Image: A rakish Apache in his éarly 20s, Valgreth
shows his affinity for the hawk in his sharp features and
lean build. He usually wears ragged jeans and a denim
jacket and ties his long black hair back. A sarcastic smile
often plays about his mouth, and his witticisms sting those
he distrusts. Despite his unspoken relationship with Gail,
he flirts constantly, and his "subjects" usually respond in
kind. In hawk form, Valgreth's wings span nearly five feet
and his feathers glow a soft, snowy white. Twin black-

feathered stripes beneath his eyes mark him as chosen of
the hawk for those who understand. He will not, however,
explain what an "Incamani" is. This is his little secret.

Roleplaying Notes: A know-it-all who really does
understand a great deal, you trust your rangy looks and
enigmatic aura to_bring lots of fun your way. Smile with
the promise of more, and give away none of it.

Despite yourcontempt for most whites, you find the wild
variety of their world fascinating and the insolence of their
manners a comforting change from your more conservative
upbringing. Gail has passed her interest in anthropology on
to you, and you seek the causes behind the effects. Still, you
like your silence. Nothing thrills you like the brush of clean
air across your wingtips and the blood tang of a kill.

underwater pressuresand decompression problems, although
considerable depths or radical changes (going from 500 feet
to 30 in less than a minute) will cause some damage.

Wings: (3/5 pts)

This obvious Advantage grants a consor the ability to
fly. The name is a bit misleading. The character ae a
actually have to have wings, though her player wil ate
a good rationale to purchase non-winged flight. However
she moves, she may hover, glide, soar or float about,
depending on the nature of her power.

For three points, the companion may fly at up to
normal human jogging speed (13 yards/turn). For five, she
may cover 20 yards per turn. With effort, winged vay
push their speed by adding their Dexterity score to their
flight velocity for short bursts. :

The inconveniences posed by these limbs should be
obvious. Some wings are obvious, while others only ap-
pear in a certain form or under given circumstances. It
should be noted that mundane folks tend to react poorly

to non-avians with wings sprouting out of their backs.

Chapter Four: Bones Clothed in Flesh 89

Player Hints:
Familiars and Weird Beasties

Millions of spiritual creatures walk the earth

Unseen, both when we wake, and when we

sleep.

—John Milton, Paradise Lost

Assuming the role of an alien being presents a host of
roleplaying challenges that go far beyond deciding which
cool powers belong on your character sheet. Your
character's perspective, language (verbal and otherwise),
morés, culture, attitude and perception will all be wildly
different than those ofa similar character raised on Earth.
Even if an Otherworldly being has been raised among
humans her whole life, the ‘culture(s) that she has seen
during that time will influence her view of these earth-
bound mortals.

There are, theoretically,an endless variety of Realms
in the Otherworlds. While the Middle Umbral worlds
constitute thirteen Realms by most reckonings, the spaees
between thém are vast and nameless. The confusing
Higher Realms (which meld into the Dream Realms with
annoying frequency) number iri the dozens, and no one
has ventured far in the Deadlands and returned with much
to say. While most authorities claim that there are no
more than 39 Horizon Realms, no one seriously believes
that, and no way exists to catalogue them all. The
sourcebooks Umbra: the Velvet Shadow, The Book of
Chantries, Verbena, Progenitors, Sons of Ether and
Digital Web all have hints or descriptions of suitable
Realms of origin.

Players who wish to create characters from the
Otherworlds should decide what kind of a world they
came from, how they got there, how they left, what
abilities they have (and why they have them), what
culture (or lack thereof) they grew up with and what goal
they have here on Earth. With a solid grounding for
whatever being you choose to create, approach your
Storyteller, give him a description of the place and try to:
work it into your chronicle's cosmology. For the'sake of
cooperation, try to avoid silly or inappropriate origins for
your companion. .

The trials of an alien being trying to make heads, tails
or both out of the Gothic-Punk world can be touching,
frustrating, tragic or hilarious, depending on how you
approach it. Ideally, it should be a little of each. Whatever
path you choose, make sure that your character has some
firm grounding, substance and dimension. Portraying an
innocent(?) abroad can be much more rewarding than
doing a Mork from Ork schtick.

An Odd Bond: Familiars

Familiars and their mages have a unique bond, far
different from that found in other mage-custos relations.
Although many custos are friendly, even intimate, with
their mages, there is seldom any true confusion over who
holds the power in the relationship — except in the case
of familiars. Mages generally feel that they have chosen
their familiars, but familiars are just as likely to believe
that they are the responsible party, taking charge of the
welfare of their hand-picked sorcerer. Thus, the master/
follower relationship is often solely a matter of perspec-
tive.

Nevertheless, the bond between mage and familiar is.
powerful, complex and utterly individual. No two mage-
familiar relationships are the same, and both parties guard
this bond with great ferocity. In the rare instances when
a familiar goes rogue, it is often devastating, ifnot fatal, for
his former mage. Familiar-less mages often point to thisas
a good reason to refrain from any dealings with such alien
beings. (For more information on the mage-familiar bond
see The Book of Shadows.)

Storytellers and players alike may note that familiar
characters in Ascension's Right Hand are not simply
assigned a certain power level based on their mage's
Familiar Background. Here, the familiar is assumed to be
the primary character with her mage being of secondary
importance. Thus, the familiar is not limited by the mage's
point expenditure. Players and.Storytellers should, how-
ever, feel free to use the dot-based' Familiar Background
should they so choose. In that case, simply follow the
power and creation guidelines outlined in Dhe Book of
Shadows, using the additional Advantages presented here
to flesh out the familiar and her more unusual abilities.
Although this mage-based system does not provide quite
as much variation in powers and abilities from familiar to
familiar, it is perfectly adequate.

Beginning Play

Players courageous enough to attempt playing a fa-
miliar or other alien being (and Storytellers brave enough
to let them!) should plot their preludes around the cir-
cumstances which brought that being to Earth. The Books
of Shadows and Chantries have plenty of background
information about the circumstances which might lead to
such a journey. A player and her Storyteller ought to
decide what the character's past history was, then struc-
ture the traveler's introduction to humanity from there.
The sample character, Valgreth the Incamani, offers one
such prelude in his history. ‘

Familiars have their own special "origins." Pages 125-
128 of The Book of Shadows present the beginnings of
the bond in detail. Whether the mage is a player character
or not, his compact, discovery and relationship with a
familiar should be run for all they're worth.


Building a Familiar

Regardless of their peculiarities, all familiars have the
Special Advantages Information Font, Paradox Nullifica-
tionand Symbiotic Knowledge and the Thaumivore Flaw.
Depending on the power of the mage they "serve," familiar
characters may start with either 15 or 21 "freebie" points.
Coupled with the required Flaw, this gives them 20-26
points to begin with. This is a fair amount, and players
should avoid abusing it.

A familiar's powers are determined both by the pecu-
liar nature of the spirit and the physical body which the
spirit inhabits. More powerful familiars have a greater
variety and depth of powers, while relatively weak famil-
iars may only be able to do one or two'unusual things. Such
a character may, if the Storyteller allows, purchase a
Hedge Magic Path or two. Psychic Phenomena are rare,
but possible. True Faith is inappropriate for familiars: The
many things they haveseen undermines the single-minded
devotion True Faith denotes. ~~

Disputed Origins:

Fragments, Wayfaers and Bygones

So what have they seen? What can a familiar recall
about her Otherworldly past? Even if mages remain in the
dark about the origins of familiars, the companions them-
selves know the truth, don't they?

Well, sort of. The passing of a familiar spirit into the
material world leaves them with asort of mystick amnesia.
While they remember glimpses of past lives and fathom-
less worlds, the concrete memories of an earthbound
familiar are hazy at best. The exact nature and clarity of
these flashbacks are left to the player's considerable imagi-
nation, but some theories about such spirits' nativity offer
some roleplaying hints.

Theories abound about the fate of mythic beasts and
mages lost or broken by intense Quiet or Paradox storms.
Manysorcerers speculate that their companions began life
asmaterial creatures somewhere, eitherin the Deep Umbra
or on Earth itself before the encroachment of settled
paradigms. While there is no way to prove either claim;
the few hints that familiars have let slip indicate some
truth behind both ideas. Perhaps, as the Celestial Chorus
believes, such spirits are merely pure fragments of the
One, undiluted by repeated lifetimes.

Whatever the case may be, familiars have traveled
the spirit Realms over incalculable amounts of time,
absorbing great wisdom and a multitude of facts. Spirits
who undertake such journeys (willingly or not) are known
as "Wayfaers," "Tehloon" to some Dreamspeakers. The
vast information the Wayfaers consume jumbles together
over time, becoming a whirling current of images, names,
sensations and possibilities. Like the imperfect recall of
people passed from incarnation to incarnation, this tor-

tent proves unsortable, even by the familiars themselves.
Still, it offers an abundance of insight to those who can
puzzle out their companions' riddles and lore.

"Bygone" is the general Tradition name for a mythic
spirit that once had solid form but abandoned it for an
ephemeral existence when some crisis threatened it with
extinction. Some say that the beasts that roamed the
Earth during the Mythic Ages passed into the Umbra to
avoid reality's stranglehold. Others claim that they will-
ingly forsook their physical forms for the spirit, while still
another theory speculates that they never existed in solid
bodies at all, but wandered as dreams of both humanity
and the creatures that predated us.

Whatever the answer to this riddle may be, it is
generally thought that Tehloon began their spirit lives as
Bygones too restless to remain in even the Near Umbral
Realms. Somehow, they crossed over the Horizon and
into the Deep Umbra through channels mages cannot

». fathom (though they would love to discover them!). The
"things such traveling spirits remember from those quests

are generally left to the player's imagination and the
Storyteller's discretion, but should remain. hazy in the
minds of earthbound familiars. When such vagabonds
leave their earthly form (through death or abandonment),
it is thought they recall all that they had forgotten. The
truth is an enigma.

Mythic Beasts

The mythic ones whostill exist in their original forms
in Horizon Realms, Umbral places (usually the Middle
Worlds) and hidden spots on Earth usually require a
refreshment of the essence that spawned them (mystick
energy, i.e. Quintessence). Spirit beings usually need a
material body to inhabit on this side of the Gauntlet if
they lack the potency to form their‘own. Many Horizon
Realms, however, contain mythic beasts in their origi-
nal(?) forms. The Hollow Earth, the four secret Seasonal
Realms of the Verbena, Doissetep's Shade Realm and the
Second World of the Diné are only a few of the places a
living creature from mythology might find refuge.

Some odd creatures evolve whole cloth in the
Otherworlds, either through genetic or magickal tinker-
ing, natural selection, ambient energies, mysterious
visitations or the resonance effect (see The Book of
Chantries). These unique species rarely leave their home
Realms. Players who wish to run such beings should take
the nature of their home Realm into account when
designing their characters. Examples of more conven-
tional Bygones can be found in Chapter Three of The
Book of Madness.

%



Chapter Five:

umina

Magicians can do more by means of faith
Than physicians by the truth.
— Giordano Bruno, The Heroic Enthusiasts

Hedge Magic,
Psychic Ability
and True Faith

Some un-Awakened humans have Spe-
cial Advantages, collectively called Numina.
These include Hedge Magic, True Faith
and Psychic Phenomena. Such abilities can
be seen as a function of a partially;Awakened Avatar
which has determined a small part of its potential, or one
which has Awakened to its full, but limited, capacity.

Numina are static abilities. They exist in a very
limited form within the momentum of reality and do not
rearrange that flow in the way True Magick does. They
seldom generate Paradox, but require a lot of time, effort
or both. Despite their limitations, these mysterious pow-
ers offer a glimpse of the mystick that most mortals never
receive.

Mages maintain that even other supernatural crea-
tures use forms of Numina — the magical abilities of the
vampire, werewolf, ghost, spirit, demon, etc. These be-
ings, they point out, have limitations on the scope of their
powers, limitations imposed by millennia of belief or their
own pre-shaped Avatars. True Mages claim to be the only
ones whose perceptions and abilities allow them access to

the Spheres... but then, mages are an arrogant lot.

Consors and familiars are most likely to have these

Advantages. Un-Awakened acolytes and other custos will

have the more mundane Backgrounds instead. The fol-

who are somewhat
aware and adept. Naturally, the Storyteller gets the final
say about which Advantages a character may or may not

lowing powers are meant for cus

possess.
Only the rarest of custos have access to multiple
Numina. Due to the constant work and training required

to maintain these skills, as well as the nec

sary natural
aptitude, most companions possess only one of the Numina
types listed below.

Chapter Five: Numina 9


Game Costs andEffects

Magic will always give you what you want— but not what
you think you want.

— Donald Tyson, Ritual Magic

There are three different Affinities of Numina —
True Faith, Hedge Magic and Psychic Phenomena. Hedge
Magic is further divided into specialized Paths, and psy-
chic abilities into different Phenomena. In system terms,
there is no real difference between Psychic Phenomena
and Hedge Magic, although their in-game applications
are quite different. True Faith is another thing altogether.
Advancement is earned, not purchased, and Faith's ef-
fects are largely the Storyteller's option.

Numina Affinities cost seven character points for the
initial dot and double that (14 points) for each additional
starting Affinity. If, for instance, you wanted to begin the
game with both Herbalism and Telepathy, it would cost
you 21 points. Obviously, specialization is helpful when
learning the mystic arts.

Paths within the Hedge Magic Affinity cost only
seven points each to begin, and each new dot includes one
Ritual of that Path level. These Rituals, which allow a
magician some latitude within her art, cost three "freebie"
points to purchase and three times the level of the Path to
buy with experience. A level three Ritual would then cost
nine points, while a first level one would only take three
experience points to purchase.

Psychic Phenomena are harder to diversify. The first
Phenomenon costs seven points, but any additional ones
require 14 points to buy initially. Each dot after the
original one costs only seven points. It's easier to get the
hang of a new ability after breaking through to find it.
There are no Psychic Rituals.

Each Numina Affinity (except True Faith) costs its
previous level x 7 to increase after character creation and
requires an Attribute + Ability roll to perform (the types
of rolls vary with the Path or Phenomena). Many also
require some time and effort. This is largely a roleplaying
thing, although Storytellers can assume that Hedge Magic
Effects take at least one turn per level to set up and use.
Numina-blessed individuals are not True Mages, remem-
ber, but talented mundanes who have discovered a way of
reaching further than most.

Numina also require some kind of focus, ritual or
concentration to work. This can be anything from a
drawn-out rite involving rune-carving and chanting to a
trance or all-out concentration. This focus will vary from
character to character (an Aboriginal shaman won't use
the same process as a California psychic), but is essential.
Whatever the focus may be, it must be performed the same
way every time, or it won't work. Numina are not easily
tossed off; they require work, skill and time.

94 Ascension's Right Hand

Using Hedge Magic among the uninitiated is tricky.
While dramatic Paradox backlashes are rare (though not
unknown!), most overt spells simply fail when observed by
skeptics (see "Unbelief" in Chapter Two of The Book of
Madness for a possible reason for this). This often results in
a would-be wizard with egg on his face unless there is some
sort of "suspension of belief" thing going on — a ceremony,
stage show, etc. The difficulty of working around the "magic
is impossible" paradigm could be reflected in complete fail-
ure, additional difficulties to spells cast in public oradditional
Attribute + Ability rolls (Manipulation + High Ritual,
Charisma + Expression, etc.) which might be needed to
convince an audience that such magic was possible. Psychic
ability is easier to use because popular culture accepts its
existence, but levitating a couch is going to be more than
most people can accept.

These abilities are not gained easily, and diversifica-
tion is rare. One seldom finds a psychic magician with
enough True Faith to stop a charging vampire. People
usually discover one talent and focus their efforts on that
one thing. Learning new Numina ranges from difficult to
near-impossible; mentors must be found, ancient texts
perused, and long hours of study invested. Even then, a
given character may not have the talent to use both
Psychic Phenomena and Hedge Magic. Psychics tend to
extend the power of their minds while hedge magicians
learn new forms of magic.

These rules may, at the Storyteller's discretion, supersede
the Numina system given in the Vampire supplement The
Hunters Hunted. (For the record, the Hedge Magic called
"Thaumaturgy" in that book is now considered a "survival kit"
Path of related spells referred to as Hunter's Craft.)

Systems

Hedge Magic and Psychic Phenomena require study,
ceremony and concentration. The methods will vary from.
art to art and place to place, but the mechanics for each
Affinity are essentially the same:

© The level of the Path (or Phenomena) determines
what the magician can do (Cursing is the exception to this).

In the case of Hedge Magic, some sort of ceremony
must be performed or some focus must be used. Rituals can
take one turn per level of the magic (or even longer) and
might require extended successes. Some Paths cost a point
of Willpower each time a Ritual is used.

¢ Psychic Phenomena are not instant powers. Users
must concentrate upon whatever they are doing for the
duration of the Effect. A focus may be necessary.

¢ An Attribute + Ability (usually Intelligence +
Occult for magic and Intelligence + Alertness for ESP)
should be made. Failure means the magician has to begin
again, with + 1 to her difficulty for each additional try.

© Hedge Magic's usual difficulty is the Path's level + 4.
Psychic Phenomena go against a difficulty of 8 or the
target's Willpower, depending on the Effect.

© The amount of successes needed to achieve certain
Hedge Magic Effects depends on the circumstances. Un-
der normal conditions, only one success is necessary to
work an easy Effect. More strenuous spells, such as lengthy
Healings or difficult Enchantments, require one success
per Path level before they work. Really hard tasks, like
throwing up a Ward against a pissed-off vampire, demand
an additional penalty. The difficulty is raised by 2 for such
labors, up to a maximum of 10.

© Willpower can be spent to grant an automatic
success. Quintessence, however, might as well not even
exist. Magicians and psychics cannot use it in any way,
though they may be able to detect it (Perception +
Awareness, difficulty 9).

° Ifa hedge wizard or psychic truly Awakens, she may
no longer use her Numina; the character points are con-
verted back into "freebie" points (on a one-for-one basis)
and can be used to purchase Arete and Spheres after along
training period. (see Mage, pg. 102 for costs). All of these
must be purchased from the beginning; such characters do
not have initial dots in either Arete or Spheres, or any
Avatar Background points, for that matter. All True
Magick abilities must be bought from ground zero.

Awakening has no effect on True Faith, except perhaps
to raise questions in the person's mind about her beliefs.

A quick reference chart of abilities, costs and rolls can
be found in Chapter Four.

Rituals

The dots describing Hedge Magic Effects define the
general abilities of the art. Rituals within those Paths
allow the magician a wider latitude with her actions. Such
Rituals must be purchased separately (see above) and are
bound to the level of Effect. A magician mustattaina level
in her Path in order to buy the corresponding Rituals
which allow her to expand its possibilities.

The particulars of the Rituals themselves are theoreti-
cally limitless. There are thousands of styles of magic in the
world and no system could hope to replicate the tremendous
variations between them. For rules purposes, use the Ritual
suggestions mentioned at each level of the Paths todefine the
magic's game Effect. Narrate the story aspect of the spell as
you see fit. A player may design her own Rituals if she can
justify the research in story terms. However, her Storyteller
should be make sure that the power of the Ritual does not
exceed the general Effects of the character's Path rating.

Although the particulars will vary from style to style,
these Rituals require a bit of time to perform and often
utilize special objects, like sacred stones, runes, holy
water, magic paper, inscribed circles, medicine bags and
burnt offerings. Generally, the more powerful the magic,
the more complex the Ritual must be.

Chapter Five: Numina 95


Teamwork

Some forms of Hedge Magic demand that practitio-
ners pool their resources. Most forms of Psychic Phenomena
are more potent if a number of talented people work
together. To do so, the characters must share a common
Path or Phenomena (Herbalism, Telepathy, etc.). A
telepath cannot aid an herbalist in her labors— he doesn't
understand the nature of what his associate is doing.

When two or more characters with related Numina
combine their efforts, one prime person makes the roll. Each
helper rolls his or her Attribute + Ability as well; an addi-
tional turn may be required for each helper to join in. For

each successful assistant, lower the difficulty of the prime
character's roll by 1 to a minimum difficulty of 3. This isn't
helpful for short, easy tasks, but can be vital when trying to
pull off something really difficult, like levitating a safe or
Binding a mad vampire, which might require extended rolls.

Teamwork failure usually leaves the prime character
where she started, with no help or hindrance. Anyone
who botches, however, adds + 2 to the prime caster's
difficulty or subtracts her successes if more than one is
needed. If the task involved some sort of heavy power (a
level 5 Effect, for instance), an unpleasant side-effect
might be forthcoming...

Hedge Magic

A full moonbow shimmered overhead as
Grady laid the circle and poured pure water into

he swished a white cloth in the water and raised
it to his face. The cold water stung his bare skin
where it fell, but the sensation cleared his head

aside the cloth, he gave his thanks to the God,
took up a candle, and stepped into the circle.

Have mercy upon me, O God.

Blot out my transgressions,

Wash me thoroughly from my iniquities,

And cleanse me from my sins.

Purge me, and I shall be clean.

Wash me, and I shall be white as snow.

Create in me a clean heart,

And renew a right spirit within me.

Thou, who art the Crown,

And the Kingdom,

The Power,

And the Glory,

And the everlasting Law,

Amen.

Wind rustled the bare branches above him, flickering the
candle and chilling wet skin. As Grady raised his arms to the
haloed moon, the power stirred within him, cascading outward
from center to fingertips. An ecstatic smile transformed him
from mortal to magician, and his voice grew deep and husky as
he spoke the spell of Summoning. The winter whispers soon
answered his demand.

The wind, and one other: "What wouldst thou have of me?"

Some talented individuals can learn a very limited form
of magic. Plenty of folks believe that these practitioners are
mages, including many of the magicians themselves. Though
their arts can transcend the apparent limitations of techno-
logical truth, hedge wizards are a far cry from True Mages.
Nevertheless, even limited craft has great potential.

96 Ascension's Right Hand

Hedge wizardry is often taught by mentors who remem-
ber the secrets that lent power to commoners during the
Mythic Ages. Although shadows of Awakened possibility,
therituals, spellsand minor talismans of Hedge Magicarestill
a step above sitting in front of the TV and slothing off.
Students of mystery often learn a Hedge Magic Path to
sharpen their spirits and grant them some say in their destiny.
A good number go on to learn many types of magic, but some
simply focus their energies to become, in their opinions, great
magicians in their chosen art.

Some custos enter service to learn the magical arts.
Such acolytes may learn a certain amount of occult
knowledge from their mages, but the latter may become
frustrated with pupils unable to progress past "book"
magic. True Mages have gone beyond mere hedge wiz-
ardry; they cannot use it and cannot teach it. Their
wisdom may inspire a prospective hedge magician in his
endeavors, and their libraries may supply the necessary
lore, but the magician herself must learn a Path, and a
mage must first Awaken to reach the Spheres. True
Magick cannot be taught; it can only be understood.

It is possible for a hedge magician to Awaken, but the
more powerful she becomes in her static magic, the further
from real Awakening she wanders. Such a character must
begin again from scratch if she does Awaken, though her
Knowledges, Talents and Skills remain intact. Her Path of
magic will probably influence the Spheres she chooses, but
everything she knows is, if not wrong, then at least mistaken.

There are a variety of Hedge Magic Paths, each with
aparticular emphasis and structure. Their names are given
for convenience only; a Persian fravashi is unlikely to refer
to her spirit magic as "Ephemera." Each Path lists its
general description, Effects, limitations, system roll and
the rituals necessary to do certain things. If you wish to
design alternate Paths or Rituals, use the descriptions
below as a guide. Remember, however, that hurling fire-
balls around is not conducive to the overall atmosphere of
the World of Darkness. Hedge Magic is slow, difficult,
low-key and inextricably tied to a given style of magic.


Magic Styles

Magic, ev rt of
» even ic, i
Hedge Magic, is an ai t, not a series of
,

ineuvers.
that guide Eg ae ie magician, the beliefs
Magic itself. vita' than. the eff
wee o these beliefs take ghana oe
; es that open th ' re
Shes (aac ality.
Darkness is ae en a of magic in the Worldof
Chronighour thetages is shapes reality. Mages and magicians
much of which © ages have disputed whose intent sh -
ic] A SI
theprime er a but they generally agree chalte
Chinese geomance ee Thus, the magical practic ; if
Sue ope Wictanhettalistsand Hindus ar
they fe doin, ‘ople themselves trul :
g. Although mai ly know what
aos ; iny True Ma; ali A
ners aa brits toan end, most re ee oe
perform will be cor they study. Thus, the cerem ried
am willbe guided by the style of magi ae shy
y j i ui
ae is inn Not just special effects. ia de
tie ae on oe ates the stylea eee
shoulddefine theirch poco wes and S :
nee le he their characters' magic styles oe
when magic comes into play and keep them

There is, in The Book of Madness, a whole series of
Paths called Dark Sorcery. This Numina is an unusually

powerful one, but requires mortgaging your soul to Infernal

beings. It's not a pretty sight. Normal hedge wizardry is less
potent and harder to learn, butit leaves its practitioners free
to control their own destiny without outside... debts.

The Paths

Conjuration
With this Path, a magician may move pre-prepared
objects from one place to another. Rabbits can be pulled
out of hats, coins moved around, and swords summoned to
one's hand. Mages who have studied the art declare that ‘
such feats are limited applications of Correspondence Bc
principles, but claim that the magicians lack the under-
r might to truly access the Sphere itself.
Any object moved must be prepared in advance by some

method of the caster's belief. If the conjurer isa voudoun mambo,
she must make sacrifices to the loa, sprinkle the objects with

blood, ash, bone dust or blessed earth, and consecrate them. Ifhe

isastage magician, hecould hypnotize hisassistant before hesaws

her in half. A Satanist may dedicate his machete to Luciferwhile

a Wiccan witch might inscribe the item, call the corners and

invoke the Goddess and God (see "Styles"). In any case, the

prepared object can be quickly called with an appropriate ritual.
‘AcoincannotbeConjured usinga Ritual designed tobringforth

aCoke can. The magician's expertise determines the maximum

distance. Failure means the Conjuration did not work, while a

botch makes it go spectacularly wrong.

Chapter Five: Numina 97

standing ot


Conjuration is difficult to use offensively. The item
moved cannot be chosen at whim. It may be an animal
(rabbit, cat, mouse, or even human), it but may not be
whisked in and out without prior ritual preparation. Un-
conscious beings may, with proper preparation (like
hypnosis), be moved against their will by a powerful
conjurer, but this Path cannot be used against an enemy in
combat.

A conjurer can nudge or summon one additional
object for every level above that required to move it in the
first place, assuming he has the Ritual to do it. A magician
with a Ritual to shift coins could move one at level one,
twoat level two, three at three and so on. Multiple objects
cannot be Conjured at the basic level; thus, the greatest of
conjurers could only move one human being with this art.

Other Rituals allow the magician to manipulate an
object without moving it, like making a coin spin in
midair or a rope grow taut and hang from nothing. Differ-
ent Rituals must be learned for each kind of object and
each different application. Levitating a knife, nudging it
and picking it out of thin air all require separate Rituals,
although any kind of knife will do if it has been prepared.
A coin, however, cannot be used in place of the knife; it
requires another set of Rituals. Once the subject is read-
ied, it can be called with a simple command ("O Blade of
my Father, I summon thee!"). The item itself does not
become magical in any way, and once the magic is used, it
must be re-set. Only one object can be Conjured ata time.

With a bit of style and a good Dexterity + Subterfuge
roll, a conjurer can fool even the most sophisticated
audiences into thinking that his magic is merely a good
trick or hide the Conjured item until it's needed. This is
difficult, though not impossible, with larger (or living)
subjects. Just ask David Copperfield!

Roll: Dexterity + Occult No Willpower cost

Effects

e Wow! Caster can nudge a tiny nonfunctional
object (a coin, a knife, a business card) without touching
it. The magic carries no real force behind it. Anyone who
wants to stop the item from moving can simply pick it up.
Range is roughly 10 feet or less.

ee At this level of expertise, the caster may move a
small simple item (a book, ajar, rope) or Conjure it across
intervening space, from up to 15 feet away. Anyone
wishing to stop an object moved with this level of magic
should make a Strength roll, difficulty 5.

eee A large or complex inanimate object (a sword, a
telephone, a boom box, a bottle of wine) or a simple
lifeform (snail, ant, roach) can be moved, levitated or
snatched from thin air. This object can be no larger than
a chair and must be within 25 feet of the magician. An
item moved at this level can support about 200 pounds,

and those attempting to stop it must roll Strength against
difficulty 7.

98 Ascension's Right Hand


¢ Where'd that rabbit come from? At this level,
the caster can move, levitate or summon a living mammal,
reptile or bird, any complex lifeform of less than half
human mass. Each kind of animal requires a different
Ritual. Inanimate objects as large as steamer trunks can
also be moved or levitated at this level. Maximum range
is 50 feet or less.

¢e¢eeePresto! The caster can move or manipulate a
human or human-sized animal from up to 60 feet away.
This subject must be either willing or unconscious. It's best
to work with a longtime partner when performing this
"trick," as the experience is disorienting and distressing.
Botching this Conjuration roll can have disastrous conse-
quences. At best, the magic will simply fail. At worst,
well... ick.

Rituals: This Path allows a magician to levitate,
push, or summon a given subject. He could even briefly
(two turns or so) separate it into parts and rejoin it, so long
as he has the proper Ritual. Each different type of object
moved requires its own Ritual, as does each application.

Cursing

One of the oldest forms of magic, aCurse imparts
some bad wish onto an offending party. This ranges from
the Evil Eye to a group malediction. Though anybody can
direct ill will at someone, this Path allows a hedge magi-
cian to vent his spleen with real effect. At its most basic
level, such a curse quickly fouls up its victim's life then
dissipates. At its worst, potent Cursing can last for genera-
tions.

The severity of the Curse is usually bound to the dots
in the character's Severity rating (the dots in his Path),
and the effects usually only happen once. With a number
of successes, however, he can make nasty things happen to
more than one person in a given group. A magician
cannot Curse someone more severely than his skill will
allow (i.e. above the dots he has) if working alone. If he
works with a group versed in the same Path, however, his
anger.carries more clout.

The basic system for Cursing is simple. The magician
decides what he wants to inflict (within his ability),
spends one turn per level of Severity magically collecting
and focusing his hate, then discharges it in some cathartic
fashion (a scream, a dance, a venomous e-mail message,
etc.). His player rolls Manipulation + Intimidation to
work the Effect and spends a point of Willpower. His
successes get divided between Relation and Severity
(player's choice), allowing a player to custom-tailor his
Curse. The Curse's Effect occurs soon afterward, at some
point and in some way determined by the Storyteller, not
the magician; he may choose who he effects, but not how.

If, for example, Justice the Shadow-Chosen (with
three dots in Curse) rolls four successes when Cursing his
landlord, he could choose to inflict a serious injury on him

or cause embarrassment to both the landlord and his wife.
Two days later, the landlord trips and falls, breaking his leg
(Severity 3). If Justice had decided to humiliate the family
instead, the fall might have ended ina pile of dog feces; the
wife, meanwhile, burns the brownies for her first PTA
meeting (Severity 2). Simple, but effective!

Unlike most forms of Hedge Magic, Cursing can focus
the will of a group into a force more potent than a single
magician could muster. By acting in concert (see "Team-
work," above), an angry pack of Curse-skilled hedge
witches can bring down death and worse upon their
enemies. In such cases, each additional member grants a
new dot to the pool, adding to either Severity, Relation or
both. Justice, therefore, could use up to four levels of
Severity if he teamed up with Cheryl of the Five Rose Sect
to curse the landlord, and his difficulty drops by 1. In the
case of group Curses, set the initial difficulty at 8 for
simplicity.

Curses do not force events to happen or rearrange the
laws of nature (that is the province of True Magick). They
do, however, subtly nudge things or people already in
motion towards the caster's intent. A hedge wizard's
Curse may take days or even months to occur, but it will
happen. Someone successfully Cursed may not immedi-
ately walk through a plate glass window, but she may find
herself under a falling windowpane the next time she
passes a construction site. In magickal terms, such events
are always coincidental and will only strike when a strong
possibility exists for them to.

Anespecially skilled magician may invoke the Death
Curse. By spending all her permanent Willpower, the
player can add that Willpower to her Curse dots, and
divide the total as she sees fit between Severity and
Relation. The character then turns into a mindless husk
and dies soon after, burned out by inner hatred. A witch
with minimal skill in Cursing might only get four or five
dots to spend, but a powerful one could wither a whole
family!

Supernatural creatures may be Cursed, but they can
resist the Effect with a successful Willpower roll. This
roll's difficulty will usually be 7 or 8, but might go as high
as 9 if the magician was especially powerful or successful.
Naturally, the being in question has to be aware of the
Curse in order to resist it. Short problems will probably
just happen and be done with, but prolonged Curses can
be discovered with a little work (consulting the spirits,
checking auras with Prime magick or Auspex, reading
probability with Entropy, etc.). A mage's Arcane can take
successes away from a wizard attempting to Curse her on
a one-for-one basis.

Asany wise practitioner knows, rearranging the paths
of fortune can backfire on you. Botching a Curse will bring
the effect back upon the caster in ways that should delight
the most sadistic of Storytellers. Even if the roll is success-

Chapter Five: Numina 99


ful, there will always be some kind of fallout from a Curse,
especially a severe one. The nature of this payback lies
more with storytelling than with systems, but should be in
line with the general power of the Curse and the ill will of
the magician. Backripples range from dropping an expen-
sive item (and having to pay for it) to foreclosure, physical
aliments or sudden disappearing acts on the parts of one's
friends.

No Curse need be used at full potency. The caster may
choose to revoke the Curse at any time prior to its effect.
A magician skilled in this Path can also try to undo
another's Curse with a Wits + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 9)
and a Willpower point.

Roll: Manipulation + Intimidation Costs 1 Willpower

Severity Effect (Path rating)

¢ — Abrief inconvenience (dropping an object, say-
ing something stupid, closing a door on your fingers, etc.)

ee Aslip-up which results in lasting injury or em-
barrassment (stepping on glass barefooted, throwing up on
the Japanese Prime Minister, breaking an heirloom, etc.)

eee A serious injury or illness, not incapacitating,
but painful and inconvenient (broken limb, hernia, gun-
shot wound, etc.)

ee

A lasting illness, not fatal, but debilitating (in-
fection, stroke, heart attack, Alzheimer's disease, etc.)

¢¢¢¢ Death, usually by some ghastly means (decapita-
tion, impaling, mangling, torture, disease, etc.)

Relation

° One person only

ee — One close relation or friend

eee Two similar relations (male heirs, lovers, parents)

eee All close living relations or friends

¢¢¢eeAll relations and friends!

6+ Relatives or friends for generations to come

Rituals: Although the practices involved in Cursing

vary tremendously, the system Effects are pretty consis-
tent. There are no special Rituals for this Path.

Enchantment

Enchantment is the magical art of creating minor
talismans (as opposed to the more powerful True Magick
Talismans). Crafting magic from ingredients both eldritch
and mundane, the enchanter spends much of his time
closeted in a laboratory peering through foul smoke,
containing minor explosions, and tracking down bizarre
magical ingredients.

Minor talismans differ from their magickal counter-
parts in many ways. Each has asingle power, which usually
operates a few times under set circumstances. Even the
strongest such talismans pale in comparison to those
crafted with True Magick. Their Effects aren't flashy, but
they do get results... usually. Although they carry a trace
residue of magic (detectable with the Prime Sphere), they


show up less readily than Talismans with a capital "T."
Most reflect their homemade origins. Crafting a talisman,
even a minor one, calls for a certain degree of mundane
craftsmanship, which some enchanters have and some...
well...

Talisman creation should flow more from story con-
cerns and good roleplaying than from die rolls. For those
who want a system, assume that each different minor
talisman requires a Ritual process which must be mastered
before the craftwork begins. When the Ritual is pur-
chased, the enchanter sets to work on the object itself.
After the talisman's form is crafted (which may require a
few Dexterity + Ability rolls), the talisman should be
prepared in some special way according to the belief or
style of the magician— carved with runes, inset with
crystals, dipped in blood, blessed by the son of a priest, etc.
Useful Abilities for these tasks include Crafts, Artistic
Expression, Gunsmithing, Hunting, Traps, Alchemy,
Herbalism, Poisons, Stone Lore and Hearth Wisdom,
depending on the purpose and manufacture of the talis-
man.

After this, the enchanter sets one purpose for the
item. This is the power it will have. Successful enchant-
ment usually demands a day or two of preparation per
talisman level. A simple level one item would require only
two to four days of work, while a fifth-level one would
demand at least five. At the end of this time, the en-
chanter makes an Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty is
talisman's level + 4). A point of Willpower spent during
final creation infuses his might into the talisman.

An enchanter can never create a talisman more
powerful than his Path level. If he has four dots in
Enchantment, he can only craft talismans of four dots or
less in power. Once created, a minor talisman will work
within some specified framework, i-e., when the moon is
waning, when a blind man coughs, when the blade is
drawn in anger, etc. These conditions should be colorful
and very specific, tied to the purpose of the enchanter, not
to general utility. Such particulars should be described
during the creation process and must be adhered to. Each
minor talisman will only work a certain number of times
(usually based on the number of successes rolled) and will
be useless, if decorative, thereafter.

Minor talismans vary tremendously, from the rowan
necklace that protects against faerie magic to bones that
allow one to (hopefully!) speak to one's ancestors. Such
talismans can be used by anyone. Some potential talis-
mans appear below, but clever enchanters can create their
own with a little ingenuity and a lot of work. First, the
player must decide what single Effect the talisman con-
tains. She then details her character's research and
development process. A simple "I create a level five
talisman that makes me invisible" will not suffice! Both
player and Storyteller should check the prospective talis-
man to make sure that it fits the general guidelines offered


below. After a period of story-defined time (anywhere
from a few days to a year or more), the player attempts an
Intelligence + Occult roll, difficulty 9. Success means the
enchanter has discovered the secret of enchantment and
can proceed as described above.

Botching a creation roll can be a bad thing. Many an
enchanter has disappeared in a sudden conflagration
caused by something as prosaic as an untimely sneeze or a
misread passage in his alchemical notes. Obviously, talis-
man creation is not a quick and easy art!

Roll: Intelligence + Occult Costs 1 Willpower

Effects and Sample Talismans

. A small object with tight restrictions and a
limited power, perhaps a brief addition to an Attribute or
Ability, that is never obvious as magic.

— A silver toe ring which protects its wearer
from incoming projectiles if she is barefooted at the time
(two dots of Dodge vs. missiles).

— A colored candle that grants the user some
one-time favor after it is burned (two points of Resources,
Arcane, Allies or Influence, depending on the color of the
candle). The Background works once to provide a favor,
then fades. Each success creates one candle.

— A handful of grave dust that enables the user
to sleep soundly. He will wake immediately if someone
approaches him with hostile intent.

— An oak picture frame that preserves any
painting or document placed in it for as long as the frame
remains intact. Both frame and contents must be sealed
with almond oil and sprinkled with pure water.

ee A more potent version of a level one talisman
(with an additional die or two of effect), or one that alters
reality more noticeably.

— A handful of bullets (one per success) that do
two additional dice of damage when fired from a specially-
prepared gun.

— An iron nail which enables the user to cause
someone to painfully stub his toe. The nail must be driven
by an enemy into a footprint left by the target.

— A golden charm that alerts the wearer when
the talisman maker (or some other single party) is in
danger. The charm must be sprinkled with wine each time
it is used and works once for each crafting success.

— A rowan ring which negates any form of fae
magic (called Glamour) used to bewitch the wearer. This
works for one incident per crafting success.

eee The item performs some obviously unusual func-
tion. Witnesses who know anything about magic will
sense it being done. Clueless folks will be confused; how
did he do that?

102  Ascension's Right Hand

— A salve which heals three non-aggravated
Health Levels worth of open wounds in a matter of
minutes. This must be applied by moonlight by one who
loves the wounded. Each success creates one application
of balm.

— An obsidian bull torque which strengthens
the wearer once after it is blooded (three points of Strength
that last for one scene per success after blood is wiped
across it).

—A handkerchief which wipes away any normal
thing it is used to clean (blood, ink, spilled food, finger-
prints). The user must hum softly while mopping up. This
works once for every success rolled during creation.

eeee Witha talisman of this caliber, the user can defy
a fair amount of conventional reality, albeit with some
restrictions. If these limits are ignored, the magic is inef-
fective.

— Bones which allow the user to contact the
person they came from. Note that this is not always
successful! If it is, however, the user can ask one question
per creation success. Whether or not the ghost answers
accurately is the spirit's prerogative, but it will answer if it
can. These bones work only three times, then crumble to
dust.

— A book which translates anything written in
it into the reader's native language. This book must be
sprinkled with paper ash before the magic works. The
translation effect works once per creation success, then
reverts to the original language set down.

— A knife which stabs directly for the heart
when used. This inflicts Strength + 5 dice of damage and
can be thrown. The blade must first be drawn in hot anger
and washed afterward in fresh blood. Works once per
success.

e@eeeeltems this potent are rare and unpredictable.
They often fail in places where the technological para-
digm is strong. Nevertheless, they work some wonder that
obviously defies the seeming order of things.

— A black cloak that masks the user's footsteps,
even if he walks across a squeaky floor. While this magic
is active, the wearer will be effectively silent unless he
speaks aloud. Silver threads must be sewn into this gar-
ment; they break and fall away after the magic expires.

— Anexquisite piano which plays beautifully for
anyone who strokes its keys, even if she knows nothing
about music. A prayer to the nine Muses (by name!) must
be recited before the piano will play.

— A brass amulet which protects the bearer from
detection and observation by magickal means. This amulet
of the mists obscures its bearer from the flow of magickal
energies (adds +4 to the difficulty of any roll made to locate
the wearer magickally). The user must first answer an enigma
before the amulet will protect him. This veil lasts a number
of weeks equal to the creator's successes.

00000000000000000006

BOBS AaLE

q

=A

Ephemera

This Path allows a medium to reach into the Velvet
Shadow and contact spirits. These ephemeral ones may
dwell in either the Low or Middle Realms. Those few who
pass into the High Realms after death cannot be reached
(save by the most talented of mediums). Sadly, few mor-
tals know the differences between the Three Worlds (or
acknowledge the existence of spirits at all, for that mat-
ter!). A medium can only try her best and see what
happens.

The nature of the spirits contacted depends upon the
Rituals the medium knows. One group of rites allows
contact with natural spirits, while others breach the
barrier between the living world and the Shadowlands.
Note that even the medium herself might not realize
which spirits she deals with; at least two dots of Spirit Lore
or Enigmas are required to know the difference. Amateur
mediums frequently get themselves in trouble this way,
opening themselves to Bane corrupters or Gaffling prank-
sters (see Chapter Five of The Book of Madness). The
early steps of this Path are dangerous but unavoidable.

Mediums open themselves up as spirit channels. Those
spirits, however, have minds of their own. If they have
some reason to mislead, possess or abuse the magician,

they may try. In Wraith terms, a medium offers herself up
as a temporary Consort for the Puppetry Arcanos so long
both are in contact. A spirit with the Possession Charm
(see Werewolf, Chapter Seven or The Book of Madness'
Appendix) lowers its difficulty by 2 if attempting to take
over a medium. In story terms, this means the ghost or
spirit can act through the medium with little hindrance.

Thankfully, these magicians have some defensive
Rituals to help them out if the spirits are unruly. Wise
mediums are versed in the practices of Warding and
Forbiddence (Wraith, pgs. 234-235). Each of these counts
asa level one Ritual and has the following system effects:

. Warding protects an area from ghostly intrusion.
By using some precautionary charm (an intricate chant, a
prayer, painted sigils, iron nails, sprinkled salt, smudging
with incense), spending a point of Willpower, and rolling
same vs. difficulty 7, the medium can block wraiths from
entering an area for one week per success.

. Forbiddance immediately drives a wraith from
an area. By rolling successfully (magician's Willpower vs.
difficulty 7), the medium can push a ghost from her
immediate area. A willful wraith can oppose this Ritual by
spending one of its own Willpower per success, but must
otherwise flee until the medium has left.


Nature spirits are more direct, if more problematic, todeal
with. With the Banishment and Seal Rituals (level two), the
medium may attempt to Forbid, Ward or, with Dolor (level
three), actually harm a natural spirit. This last inflicts the
medium's Willpower as damage against a spirit's own Power
with a successful Wits + Enigmas roll. She totals up her
Willpower and successes and takes a figurative chunk out of
the spirit with them. A strong spirit will be unimpressed, but
aweaker one may be wounded or even destroyed if the medium
is good enough. Despite these Rituals, throwing one's weight
around is nota safe proposition, as the spirits often fight back.
Mediums tend to have high Willpower scores!

Persuasion is often more effective than force. To
establish contact, the medium rolls her Charisma + Enig-
mas while calling out to the spirits in the area. A number
of helpers (see "Teamwork") can help lower the initial
difficulty, as can a Fetter or Haunt if the medium hopes to
reach a ghost. Locating her quarry usually requires an
extended roll (see below). Once some communication
begins, the magician states her case, hoping to win over
the spirit to whatever purpose she might have. The details
of this interaction play out like any normal conversation,
but ought to be a hell of a lot weirder. The uncanny nature
of this Path should be obvious.

Many among the dead cannot be reached by mortal
entreaties. Those who can may be called with an extended
roll of as many successes as the Storyteller sees fit. Contact-
ing your brother in the city where he died last year would
demand less work than finding a Colombian bishop killed
in the 1970s. The Storyteller should decide whether or not
the ghost has passed beyond mortal reach, though the truth
should remaina secret from the players. An ill-intentioned
spirit might masquerade as the ghost the medium wanted to
meet, and this could cause all kinds of fun.

Unlike other Paths, the difficulty of reaching across
the barrier goes down with each level, while your ability
increases. A medium with one dot in Ephemera works
against difficulty 9 and cannot actually communicate
with anything other than human ghosts (and then only if
they wish to be spoken to). This goes down by one step per
dot, to a final difficulty of 5, but cannot go lower than 3.
As a medium's skill grows, she can speak with natural
spirits, see into the Penumbra (but not pass through) and
seek out specific entities.

A number of Traits are especially appropriate to
medium characters. Enigmas and Spirit Lore are essen-
tially required (although the latter cannot be bought
during creation — it must be learned the hard way).
Occult, Subterfuge, Awareness, Cosmology and Intimi-
dation are very helpful. The Merit/Flaw Spirit Magnet is
common, as are the Haunted, Guardian Angel and Spirit
Mentor permutations. Characters with the Shapeshifter
Kinfolk or Medium Merits reduce all Ephemera difficul-
ties by 1. Spirits, it should be known, make good allies —
and terrible enemies! Behave.

104 Ascension's Right Hand

Roll: Charisma + Enigmas No Willpower cost
(except for Rituals above)

Effects

. You can feel the spirits moving and even get their
attention with a successful roll. What they do is up to them.
This is a dangerous but necessary phase in a medium's Path.

ee You can make distinctions between the spirits
you summon and can call specific ones if you know how.
If things get out of hand, you can try to dismiss what you
have called.

¢ When youspeak, something always comes. With
luck, you can address it, befriend it, or dismiss it. If you
want to personally address a particular spirit, you can try
at this level.

* You can pierce the veil between worlds and
actually see and hear those ephemera around you. Most
spirits respect you for your insight and ability. Some will
even come when you don't call...

The spirits of nature and the dead know your
name and often come when you call. You can hurt those
who displease you and dismiss those who offend you.
Rituals:
Level One: — Open to the Unknown (free Ritual),
Call Ghost, Ward, Forbiddence

Level Two: — See Ghost, Call Naturae, See Naturae,
Seal, Banishment
Level Three: Gossip (allows the medium to "spread

the word" around her chosen contacts), Dolor

Level Four: — Grasp (medium becomes a Fetter for a
chosen wraith for seven days), Command (medium can
order a minor nature spirit to do one task and expect to be
obeyed), Deny the Veil (allows medium to see into the
Penumbra; actually two separate Rituals, as one grants a
view of the Shadowlands and the other a look into the
nature spirit world)

Level Five: Distant Call (Medium can attempt to
speak briefly to one who has passed on to some afterlife or
punishment. This works within Storyteller's discretion)

Healing

This Path allows a magician to quell pain or even heal
small injuries or illnesses. Such Healing is not a miracle
cure-all. It takesa long time to treat an illness or injury and
longer still for the patient to fully heal. Even the simplest
magics, though, can ease pain for as long as the healer
keeps his hands on the ailment, and the risk of infection
drops greatly when he is working on a wound.

Healing magicians usually need some form of Medi-
cine Knowledge, though that Ability need not be Western.
medicine (in fact, it's usually more effective when it's
not). Meditation, needles, chanting, massage, herbs and
foul-smelling brews are common foci. This Path also saps
acertain amount of energy out of the magician during the
process, and it's easy to burn out by healing too much too


quickly. Magical healers often have a strong sense of duty
and compassion, and the traumas of the World of Dark-
ness often use up such people long before their time.

This Path cannot heal aggravated wounds.

Roll: Manipulation + Intuition Costs 1 Willpower per
ailment

Effects

. You can soothe a headache, backache or other
minor pain. The ailment doesn't go away, but your patient
feels better for a while.

ee — Sprains, migraine headaches, flu, minor infec-
tions — you can speed the healing process by 50% or more
with a little work.

eee Acure for the common cold! Broken bones and
nasty wounds heal twice as fast as they normally would and
without infection. You can help an Incapacitated charac-
ter to her feet and get her moving, though you cannot heal
the injuries completely.

eee Chronic diseases (athsma, arthritis, diabetes, etc.)
are not beyond your care, although healing them will take
hours or weeks. Broken bones and severe trauma will heal
50% faster than normal, and your touch banishes all but
the worst pain.

oe With effort, you can cure deadly conditions
(AIDS, cancer, meningitis, stroke), though it takes a lot
out of you and requires weeks of treatment. When these
diseases go, they're gone for good. Broken bones and major
trauma heal in one to three weeks of care, and infection
poses no risk as long as you're on the job.

Rituals: Open wounds, area trauma (including broken
bones, sprains and dislocations), diseases, chronic aches and
infections each require a different Ritual to heal. These each
cost only three points across the board. The specifications of
such rites depend on the healer's outlook on injury and disease.
Some believe that medicine is simply a matter of contacting
(or driving out) the right spirits, while others insist that
internal energy must be guided around an obstruction. Healers
should decide ahead of time what their magic philosophy is.

Herbalism/Brewing

This elemental Path allows a wise person to brew
natural ingredients into potions, salves, oils, incense,
poultices, stews and powders with real potency. It requires
the Herbalism Knowledge to perform and usually involves
dozens of harvested materials — plants, mosses, grains,
molds, earth and sometimes bodily fluids or remains,
depending on the herbalist's practices.

Many herbalists believe that the magic they work
comes through an affinity with the innate power of living
things. Most dispute the concept of will-driven magic,
arguing that all things have powerful properties (or inner
spirits), essences which must be respected. Herbal magic
is not simple enchantment — it is a relationship between
the wise one and the Earth.

Like the Enchantment Path (above), magical Herbalism
demands a certain investment of time, effort and material.
Only the right ingredients will do! The basic system for
herbal magics is the same as Enchantment, but the concoc-
tions take longer to prepare. Each level of Effect takes two to
four days of harvesting, sorting, mixing and aging before the
results can be achieved. This time can be reduced by a well-
stocked pantry or ready garden, but will almost never drop
below one day per level. These things take time, dearie!
Herbal concoctions are usually good for a single use
and a single purpose. The potency of the broth, salve or
brew depends on the herbalist's successes (Intelligence +
Herbalism). A single success indicates a bitter batch that
is only marginally effective, while four or more indicate an
especially enticing bit of work with double potency and a
pleasing form. Victims of the darker variety of Herbalism
should be allowed to resist the Effect by rolling their
Stamina (or Willpower) against the herbalist's successes.
Because of the slow and subtle nature of herbal and

brewing magics, their exact Effects are better left to stories
than to systems. Players are encouraged to devise their own
recipes (Rituals), with the samples below as guidelines. The
discovery of some new brew might be a subplot of a whole
story as the consor seeks the perfect materials to concoct a
love potion or experiments with the flora of some new Realm.

Roll: Intelligence + Herbalism No Willpower cost

Effects

. Enables the herbalist to concoct poultices and
brews which cure minor aches or rashes, induce or prevent
sleep, alleviate symptoms of slight illnesses, preserve foods
when they would otherwise spoil, and other minor Effects
that would never be considered magic.

ee — At this level, an herbalist's creations quickly
cure minor illnesses and pains, avert or confer pregnancy
with 100% certainty, radically alter a person's mood,
discourage or attract animals or insects, induce or cure
intoxication with a few sips, and other noticeable effects
that, while not apparently magical, seem remarkable.

eee These potent concoctions can put people to
sleep witha pinch, reduce the effects of deadly poisons and
serious illnesses, speed recovery of open wounds and
broken bones by 50% or more, put folks into light trances
or randy moods, and perform other obviously unusual
functions with amazing speed.

.

© Brewsand itemscreated with this level of Herbalism
can accomplish some obviously unearthly things — adding
‘one or two dots to a Physical or Social Trait for a scene,
clearing up an infection in a few minutes, aid recovery from
life-threatening illnesses and such. Obviously, these effects
are subject to both accepted local reality and Storyteller
judgment; they are not sudden, flashy or long-lasting.
#¢eeeThese are the magic brews of legend — sleeping
potions, love oils, deadly poisons, healing salves, instant
cures, all-night aphrodisiacs, flying ointments and other

Chapter Five: Numina 105


impossible (or at least improbable) solutions. Such potions,
if they work, allow the imbibers to defy conventional reality
for a scene or two. Like Curses, the reality such concoctions
displace is open to interpretation. Did this person really fly,
or did she just think she did? Did the apple kill her, or was
there strychnine in the apple? Players should not merely
drink some potion and turn into swans — the effects of the
mightiest herbal arts remain subtle and subjective.

Summoning, Binding and
Warding

I caught her on Mount Helicon... She was bathing in a
spring, and I caught her and bound her with moly —sorcerer's
garlic, as it's sometimes called — and with certain rituals. The
hardest part was getting her back to England.

— Erasmus Fry, Neil Gaiman's Sandman

The most dangerous sort of Hedge Magic. Summon-
ing Path Rituals draw forth creatures — from rats or birds
to vampires or werewolves — guard against them, or press
them into service. It is a complicated Path, loaded with
precautions and Rituals, and even under the best of
circumstances, it creates lifelong enemies.

As with any other form of Hedge Magic, there are
multitudes of Summoning styles, from simple pagan ap-
peals to the creatures of the Goddess to elaborate medieval
rituals, Aboriginal soul-snarings and modern black magic
compulsions. Few are designed with politeness in mind.
Most order some being to appear, bind him magically
when he does, and keep him at arm's length until he does
what you want him to. The style of magic and outlook of
the magician will have plenty to do with the Summoned
creature's disposition — and its desire for revenge.

Most such Rituals require long preparations. Few wiz-
ards would be foolish enough to compel anything, especially
something powerful, to appear without first making sure their
asses were covered. These protections require Rituals, a
separate one for each different kind of being. After these
Wards are laid, the Summoning begins. This too requires a
specific Ritual; one cannot Ward against a dog, then Sum-
mon a vampire. Finally, when the one called does arrive, a
Binding may be laid to force some kind of service. A Minor
Binding merely requires one task be performed before the
Binding dissipates. A Major Binding compels servitude until
some condition is met and usually creates an eternal grudge.
No one, not even an animal, likes being forced into service.

Some magicians prefer touse only WardsorSummonings
to protect themselves or to call upon aid. Only a fool would
dare to lay a Binding without protection, although some have
tried. Dismissal Rituals offer the magician some sort of
compromise. If the rite is successful, the Summoned being
will leave in peace — for the moment, at least. The forms
these Rituals take can range from dancing around a conse-
crated mound to human sacrifice, bended-knee prayers or
intricate circles which take days to engrave. Players and
Storytellers should play such ceremonies to the dramatic hilt

106 Ascension's Right Hand

(see the fiction opener for this section). The bare-bones
systems for such actions might work as follows:

. Warding: The magician lays some sort of Ward
(apentacle, a triangle of salt, an offering of food and good
liquor, gold, herbs, a plate of wolfsbane and blood, etc.)
and rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty is the Path's level + 4).
The target of the Ward will have to spend one Willpower
per the magician's success to enter the area protected. A
Ward lasts for one scene per success. A fair but devious
Storyteller might make the Ward roll herself, leaving the
magician to wonder whether or not his Ward will hold!

This Ritual will act as countermagick (one die per
success) or reduce any incoming Gift or Discipline by one
dot of effect for every one of the wizard's successes. Wards
do not, however, restrict gunfire.

. Summoning: After a long series of recitations,
entreaties and preparations, the wizard rolls his Charisma +
Occult with the usual difficulty. He must accumulate twice
as many successes as his target's (permanent) Willpower
rating with one roll per hour. The range of the compulsion is
one mile per level of the Path rating used, i.e. a Path level
three Summoning has a reach of three miles. Once this is
done, the first such being within the area of enchantment
will be compelled to go to the wizard as rapidly as possible.

This magic does not instantly conjure a creature out of
thin air. The Summoned one will come at her own speed.
If there isn'ta suitable being in range, the wizard may have
to continue until he finds one. For each Willpower point
spent, he may add another mile to the range. This is a
dangerous tactic, because if it works...

. Minor Binding: Once the subject is present, the
magician can try to compel her to service — if he dares! A
Minor Binding pits the wizard's will against his subject's,
using the Immutable Laws of What Is. True Mages claim that
such acontest isa reflection of Avatar against Avatar... with
perhaps a bit of outside help from other concerned parties.

To affect a Minor Binding, the wizard spends a Willpower
point and performs his Ritual (Manipulation + Occult). His
target rolls her own Willpower (difficulty of the wizard's
own). If she wins, the Binding has no effect. If she loses, she
must perform one task for him before she is freed. This should
be spelled out in as complete a form as possible. Rest assured
that any Bound being will be looking for the way out.

. Major Binding: The system for a Major Binding is
the same as a Minor one, except that both parties extend
their rolls to amass 10 successes. For each roll, each party
spends a Willpower point; whoever reaches 10 first (and still
has Willpower left over) wins. If the Summoned one loses,
she is bound to the wizard until some condition is met. This
"contract" must be specified at once and can be anything
from "Until my hair goes gray" to "Until Haley's Comet next
approaches Earth," so long as it is a possible event (Concep-
tions of "possible" can get pretty fluid, however!).

If the wizard loses, he is toast.


° Dismissal: If the wizard wants his subject to
depart in peace, he performs another Ritual (involving
some sort of thanks, a benediction and a request to depart,
usually with a healthy bribe attached). A simple Wits +
Occult roll with normal difficulty "persuades" the Sum-
moned one to leave without ripping the wizard a new
asshole. This does not prevent later animosities, but for
now, the being will leave content. This will not work after
a Major Binding has been attempted.

Hedge Magic Summonings work only on material be-
ings. Ephemera (above) handles spirit-dealings, and the
Dark Sorcery Path of Summoning (in The Book of Mad-
ness) describes the command of elemental beingsanddemons.
Vampires, werecreatures, mages and those of fae blood can
counterattack with their own magical abilities unless a Ward
or some other outside force prevents them from acting. This
Path is best performed with allies standing by to help.

The Rituals above need not be performed together.
Bindings or Wardings can be used on their own if the
circumstances permit. Players and Storytellers should be
flexible, dramatic and fair when running such Summonings.
This magic Path could stimulate either suspenseful
storytelling or intense debate.

Rolls: Wits + Occult (Warding) No cost
Charisma + Occult (Summoning) No cost
Manipulation + Occult (Binding) — Costs 1 Willpower
Wits + Occult (Dismissal) No cost

Effects

. This level's Rituals affect only small animals —
rats, bats, birds, lizards, etc. The wizard may Summon.
three of these per success.

ee = Thehighermammals (chimps, dolphins, cats, dogs,
wolves, apes) may be Summoned and controlled at this Path
level. A magician may control two of these per success.

eee Normal humans can be Summoned at this level.
A wizard attempting this should use some artifact of the
individual he wants to command (a hair, an item of
clothing, etc.) in his Rituals for them to work. Only one
can be commanded per success.

°

© Minorsupernatural beings (ghouls, Kinfolk, other
consors or familiars, formori, etc.) can be brought forward
and Warded. The limitations of normal humans apply.
eeeeeMajor supernatural beings (vampires,
werecreatures, mages, faeries, and some types of earth-
bound monsters) can be Summoned and Bound with
these Rituals. Only one individual can be so treated, and
some bit of fur, blood, armor, clothing, etc. must be used.
This is really dangerous territory; one blown roll and...
Rituals: Each different kind of subject, whether bird,
wolf, or vampire, has a unique set of Rituals which must be
purchased and used to have any effect. Warding, Sum-
moning, Minor Binding, Major Binding and Dismissal all
require separate Rituals as well.


Psychic Phenomena

Tt was always foul.

Slip into the thoughts of the best person who ever
lived, even Saint Thomas Aquinas, for in-
stance, just to pick an absolutely terrific person
you'd think had a mind so clean you could eat off
it (to paraphrase my mother), and when you
come out — take my word for it — you'd want
to take a long, intense shower in Lysol.

— Harlan Ellison, Mefisto in Onyx

Disciples of the Mind regard psychics with pity and
slight disdain. After all, they settle for such a small taste
of the possibilities of the unchained mind. How could they
be so blind? But the un-Awakened psychics, who reach
beyond their physical limitations, know their talent for
what it is — a backstage pass to the show in progress.

Psychic Phenomena are a mixed blessing. Unlike
hedge magicians, psychics rarely seek out their abilities.
They come naturally, unexpectedly, shaking that person's
world and forcing them to either hide their gift or suffer
hell for it. In their earliest stages, Psychic Phenomena are
inconvenient at best and terrifying at worst. Strange,
sudden insights and frightening spasms of power push
some psychics into insanity. Those who have fully, spon-
taneously Awakened might relate with the lot of the kid
who just discovered his ESP. Such an epiphany might
leave you feeling like a hero and a freak at once.

With practice, the psychic can refine her talents into
the sixth senses they were originally intended to be. By
opening her mind to its possibilities, she has more in
common with the True Mage than he would like to admit.

Phenomena

It'sarare psychic who shares more than one Phenom-
ena. For the most part, these mental adepts have a single
natural aptitude which can be trained but hardly diversi-
fied. There are no Paths for Psychic Phenomena, only the
aptitudes themselves. With practice and luck, however, a
consor with mental talent can delve further into the world
around her than many more self-absorbed magicians.

All Psychic Phenomena below cost one point of
Willpower to use.

Clairvoyance

Clairvoyance is the ability to extend the senses far
beyond their normal range and to see or hear things that
are happening in other places. This power normally re-
quires some focus, such as someone or something that the
psychic knows is present at the area to be observed.

Psychic characters must roll Perception + Alertness
(difficulty 8) to project the senses. When projecting, the
psychic can no longer see what is happening around her
body, nor may she effect events that she witnesses. The
psychic is merely an observer.

Roll: Perception + Alertness

Effect

° The psychic sees events in a hazy, dreamlike
manner in any room in the building that he is in. These
visions are easily misunderstood.

Costs 1 Willpower

ee The clairvoyant can see events anywhere in a
fifty mile radius and sometimes hear them as well (3
successes), although the sounds are distorted.

eee The psychic can see and hear events anywhere
within a 250 mile radius and even touch objects (3
successes), although they feel vague and amorphous.

eeee The clairvoyant can now see, hear and touch
anything within a 2,000 mile radius.

@ ¢¢¢¢The master psychic who has reached this level can
use all five senses on any object anywhere in the world.

Telekinesis

Telekinesis allows the character to project her will
and move objects with the power of thought. A roll of
Wits + Athletics (difficulty 8) is required to use this
power. If the psychic botches the roll, objects begin to fly
randomly about. To first pick up an object, it must be
within view. You need not see that item while holding it.

Roll: Wits + Athletics Costs 1 Willpower

Effects

. The psychic can levitate small objects with great
difficulty. Physical gestures make this somewhat easier
(e.g., throwing, lifting, etc.). If these are not possible, the
difficulty rises by 1.

ee — The telekenetic can affect small objects, such as
bending a spoon or levitating a glass of water. Again,
without gestures, the difficulty rises by 1.

eee At this degree of proficiency, the psychic can
handle an object in the next room and throw it around.
Gesturing sharply in that direction helps. However, the
psychic may only lift objects that require half his Intelligence
(determined as if Intelligence replaced Strength) to lift.

. The telekenetic can lift items that require his full
Intelligence and no longer needs to gesture. He can pick
up any item within a 200 foot radius and can pick up more
than one object by concentrating.

@@ ee eThe psychic who has reached this level can lift
anything in sight which his Intelligence + 2 can handle.
He can manipulate as many items as he has points of
Dexterity.


Telepathy

This ability allows a psychic to read minds. The
telepath must roll Intelligence + Intuition against the
target's Willpower to read its mind. The being whose
thoughts are being read is unaware of the psychic's pres-
ence unless he botches the roll.

As the quote at the beginning of this section shows,
this talent is not always the most pleasant of Phenomena.
Both player and Storyteller should make the most of the
degradation and disgust this talent can evoke in a psychic.
The darkest secrets in the World of Darkness can get really
unpleasant.

Roll: Intellegence + Intuition

Effects

. The psychic can feel the current emotions and
sense the mood of one target within view.

Costs 1 Willpower

ee — The telepath can read the surface thoughts of
one target within view, receiving whatever they are think-
ing about at that moment.

eee At this level, it is possible to read the target's
recent memories and plans for the near future. The target
must still be in sight.

© The psychic can read the target's deep thoughts
and plans for the distant future. The amount of informa-
tion received varies at the Storyteller's discretion, based
on the number of successes. He can read the minds of
people in other nearby rooms, but requires descriptions of
them to "get a lock-on."

°

¢This master telepath may now read multiple
minds at once and discover the deepest secrets of people
(even things that they have repressed). He can read the
mind of someone across the world, so long as he can see
them or their image, or even read the minds of those using
psychic powers elsewhere in the world.

True Faith

Those people from whom I have freed myself
are the ones who become attracted by the body
and repelled by the spirit, and who know naught
of Love and Beauty. The only mediator be-
tween them and God is God's pity for their
ignorance of the law of God. I cannot judge, for
I was one of them, but I sympathize with all my
heart.
— Kahlil Gibran, Spirits Rebellious

The details of this Numina can be found in Book One
of The Book of Shadows, as well as Vampire: The
Masquerade and The Hunters Hunted. Briefly, this
Affinity allows a companion to turn aside vampires or
hostile magicks through his belief in an outside power, in
some God or gods beyond human will.

The exact origin of this power is open to debate. Some
mages claim that it conclusively proves the existence of the
One, while others consider it the ultimate expression of
suppressed Awakening — the innate Avatar held back yet
focused by what its incarnation wants so badly to believe.
Whatever the "real" reason behind the Numina may be, its
power against the undead is legendary. For this reason alone,
consors with True Faith are treasured by mages who cross
swords with the Kindred on a regular basis.

The blade of the Faithful, however, is double-edged.
Besides the steadfast convictions of those who hold the
Light (convictions that often turn to fanaticism if con-
flicts arise), there is the dulling effect True Faith has on
True Magick, almost as if both were opposing forces — or
the same force, albeit ina different form. The line between
a Faithful companion and a witch-hunter is a pretty thin
one.

In game terms, True Faith allows the companion to
use one die of countermagick for every dot of Faith he has.
Vampires must make a Willpower roll to even approach
one with True Faith. The human character's rating is the
difficulty of the roll. To progress in Faith, however, the
character must follow the tenets of his chosen belief
without fail. Faltering jeopardizes further gains, and con-
tinual doubt can erase the Numina completely.

Each dot of True Faith costs seven "freebie" points.
Only roleplaying can reflect this Numina's vagaries. After
character creation, the rating cannot be increased by
spending experience, only by living it.

Chapter Five: Numina



Chapter Six

Who's Who

Welcome to my little world

Completely self-contained, yeah

We'd like to eat up all your sins
And soak up, soak up,
Soak up lots of pain, yeah

— Oingo Boingo, "Pain"

The following custos examples range
from normal human servants to weird Um-

extreme factions. The different custos types
are explained in detail in Chapter One.
Storytellers may employ these ready-

to-use consors

s inspiration, templates or

non-player characters. We recommend that
Storytellers using these characters in their game alter
them somewhat (even if means just changing theirnames)
to foil well-read players.

The motivations for an allied character are pretty
important; they will determine the strength (or weakness)
of that custos' devotion to the mage and her associates.
Always remember that custos are individuals, not mere
cannon-fodder. While many acolytes will throw them-
selves into harm's way if necessary, there must be some
compelling reason — love, fanaticism, desperation, etc.
— for them to do so. The custos below have solid reasons
for what they do, which can lead a story into all kinds of
complications. Never forget, or underestimate, the role of
acolytes in your chronicle. The'
some great conflict or hold a story's resolution in their un-
Awakened hands.

can become the hinge of


Servants

(Low-level Acolytes)

We have heard with our ears, O God, our fathers have
told us, what work thou didst in their days, in the times of old.
— Psalm 44

"Annie" (Rebecca Goldman)

Nature: Traditionalist

Demeanor: Caregiver

Residence: Hollytimber

Affiliation: Marauder

Type: Acolyte (spear-carrier)

Concept: English maid, circa 1940

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Expression 3, Intuition 1, Streetwise 1, Style 1

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee 1, Research 1,
Service (tea serving, table serving, etc.) 1, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Art History 3, Enigmas 1, Investigate 1,
Linguistics (French, Hebrew) 2

Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Mentor 1, Resources 2

Special Advantages: None

Merits and Flaws: Acute Senses (+ 1), Ambidextrous (+ 1),
Amnesia (- 2)

Background: Rebecca Goldman was born in the
Bronx and spent most of her life in New York. She always
loved art and old things and was particularly fascinated by
museums. She managed to wrangle her parents into taking
her to every museum in New York anda few others as well,
learning all she could about what sorts of exhibits they
scheduled and the care of priceless antiques and artwork.
Alternately mocked and admired by her peers for her
absorption in art, Rebecca turned ever more to the mu-
seum for companionship. She began painting and did well
enough in school to win a scholarship to college, where
she studied art history with an eye toward becoming a
museum curator.

She failed to make any real friends in college and was
always lonely and searching for something she could paint
that would express her love for the old days and the idyllic
lifestyle pre-World War II times seemed to offer. A certain
longing and wistful desire infused her works, and she
began to imagine herself in various roles among beautiful
antiques and lovely gardens. Although she did not know
it, Rebecca was slipping toward catatonia and actually had
several episodes of "lost time" in which she simply sat
while she imagined another world around herself.

112 Ascension's Right Hand

When the Marauder known as "Mum" encountered
her while believing she was visiting the museum with her
long-dead son, their psychoses overlapped, and Rebecca
became caught up in Mum's Quiet. Because Mum has a
stronger mind and will than Rebecca, the young woman.
now finds herself cast in the role Mum has created for her,
that of her serving maid Annie. Annie has no recollection
of her former life as Rebecca.

Image: As Rebecca, she isan attractive jeans-clad girl
with curly brown hair and a wistful, haunted look about
her. She speaks with a pronounced New York accent. As
Annie, which is the only personality she now recognizes,
she is immaculately clad in a maid's uniform with a
starched white apron. Her hair is bound back ina bun, and
she speaks with a lower-class British accent.

Roleplaying Notes: Rebecca was somewhat shy and
hesitant, making it difficult for her to make friends. She
was passionately interested in art and museum work and
never missed an important exhibit if she could help it. As
Annie, she is much more outgoing, given to chattering on
about nothing in particular in a cheerful and helpful
manner. Her special "training" in various helpful fields
has puzzled Annie (why does a maid need to know how to
fight?), but she consents to it with good will. After all,
Mum knows best.

Story Hints: Annie/Rebecca might be encountered
either by accident through coming into contact with
"Mum" or purposely if the characters have been sent to
retrieve her for some reason.


Josh Snelling

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Conformist
Residence: Hightower Apartments (studio)
Affiliation: Technocracy (Syndicate)

Type: Acolyte

Concept: Computer operator

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Dodge 2, Intuition 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 1, Research 2,
Survival 2, Technology 2

Knowledges: Computers 3, Computer Hacking 3, Enig-
mas 1, Finance 3, Investigate 2, Law 1, Linguistics
(German) 1, Occult 1, Science 2

Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Resources 2

Special Advantages: None

Merits and Flaws: Computer Aptitude (+ 1), Allergic to
alcohol (- 1)

Background: Josh Snelling always considered him-
selfabove average. In school, he was the one who threw off
the curve on tests. Once when he brought home a Bon his
report card rather than straight As, his father beat him so
badly he couldn't return to school for two weeks. Josh
survived and vowed to himself that he'd never fail again.
No matter what, he'd survive.

Assoonas he was able to doso, he moved into hisown
apartment and began working at the Computer Shak.
Things went well until his father put his mother in the
hospital with a beating so bad it ruptured her lung. Sick of
his father's violence, Josh decided to ruin him. Having
learned his way around the Internet, he broke into his
father's records at the bank, his credit card companies and
even at his work. With a few strokes, he erased his father's
finances and filed numerous unsatisfactory reports on his
job performance. With a few more, he gave him several
thousand dollars outstanding debt on each credit card.
Needless to say, his father was ruined and is now in jail for
tax evasion (which Josh also engineered).

All this clever manipulation did alert the Syndicate,
however. They were looking for a few good recruits, and
Josh signed on. Of course, they made him an offer he
couldn't refuse — literally.

Josh is a frightened young man. He realizes that the
Syndicate is a dangerous organization and he knows they
wouldn't hesitate to ruin him and wipe him out just like he
did to his father. He has begun teaching himself survival
skills (along with dozens of manuals) in case he has to
make a run for it. He has no idea he's dealing with mages.
The Syndicate he fears is a looming confederation of
dangerous mortals.

Image: Josh is an average-looking young man in his
early 20s. Unlike many computer "nerds," Josh is in very
good shape from working out, hiking, and going on wilder-
ness survival trips. He keeps his brown hair reasonably
short and wears suits to work to blend in with the other
computer operators. At home he wears jeans. Though he
tries to hide it, Josh always looks a little scared.

Roleplaying Notes: Josh lives in terror. He knows
better than anyone what could happen to him if the
Syndicate figured out he's nota loyal "company man." He
fears the underworld and believes that should he ever
reveal anything of what he knows about their operations,
he'd be killed — or worse. He is racing against time to
prepare himself to disappear into the back woods some
night. He doesn't know you just can't hide well enough to
throw off mages if they really want you.

Story Hints: Josh might come to players' attention
when they stop his paroled father from murdering him.
Glass Walkers (a tribe of urban werewolves) might have
taken note of Josh and his situation. One of them might
bea mage's consor and suggest that Josh might know some
interesting information — if they can get him out of the
Syndicate's clutches.


$

K

Vy Ss Peres a
HM pst Ox

Body Count (Floyd Thomas)

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Bravo
Residence: The Proving Ground
Affiliation: Nephandi
Type: Acolyte (Dupe)
Concept: Psychotic Skinhead
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 1, Stealth 2,
Survival 1, Torture 1
Knowledges: Finance 1, Law 1, Medicine 1, Occult 2
Willpower: 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Fame 1, Mentor 1
Special Advantages: None
Merits and Flaws: None

Background: Body Count was born in Detroit and
given a name (Floyd) he doesn't want to remember.
Brought up in one of Detroit's tougher neighborhoods, he
was taught to hate "niggers and kikes and wops and all
other un-American trash." He first killed when he was 10.
Asmaller boy refused to give up his lunch money to Floyd.
Floyd beat the boy senseless, then held him underwater
until he drowned. It gave him a sense of power and he
wanted to do it again — soon.

By the time he was 12, Floyd had a gun and a gang
(though some people on the block thought he was slow
getting to it). He began shaving his head, shouting fascist

slogans, and wearing basic black with jackboots and swas-
tikas. He renamed himself Body Count.

114 Ascension's Right Hand

His gang terrorized the neighborhood, and it wasn't
long before he was contacted by Sigmund Groell. This
new mentor captured Floyd's imagination with visions of
atakeover of the whole city. This would be followed by the
state and the nation as they gained more converts. Natu-
rally, Groell explained, he would be happy to supply
expert military training, weaponry and even a place to
train and live among "the pure." Body Count took the
bait. Now he and his gang have joined like-minded people
from all over the country at the Proving Ground, several
acres of fields and firing ranges set off from the surrounding
area by electric fences and armed guards. They are training
and awaiting their summons.

Image: Body Count is a big bruiser, standing 6'3" and
weighing close to three hundred pounds. All of it is
muscle. Arnold Schwarzenegger should be this muscled!
Body Counthasno body hair at all. He shaves hishead and
body daily and polishes his bald top to a high sheen.

Roleplaying Notes: Body Count is a killer. Though
he can use cunning when necessary, his usual approach is
afrontal assault. There is nothing subtle about him. Those
he can intimidate can live if he isn't in a bad mood. Those
who stand up to him die.

Story Hints: The characters might stumble upon the
Proving Ground while Body Count is on guard or might
meet him with a lot of his friends when Groell (a
Nephandus) sends his troops to kidnap (or assassinate) a
mage who has been interfering with his plans.

Sallow John Bremmen)
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Deviant
Residence: Tamalin (an old RV)
Affiliation: Tradition (Dreamspeaker)
Type: Acolyte (Dreamer)
Concept: Whacked-out Seer
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 1, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Awareness 2, Expression 4, Intuition 5
Skills: Drive 1, Meditation 1, Sculpture 4, Technology 2
Knowledges: Cosmology 2, Electronics 3, Enigmas 2,
Occult 1
Willpower: 4
Backgrounds: Destiny 2, Dream 5
Special Advantages: None

Merits and Flaws: Nightmares (- 1), Strangeness (- 1),
The Bard's Tongue (- 1).


Background: Born just outside of Harrisburg, Penn-
sylvania in the early '70s, Sallow was once known as
John Bremmen. Sallow's life was a slice of perfectly
ordinary, small town, apple pie Americana until the
year he turned 15. It was then that the dreams (and
nightmares) began. Sallow's dreams were bizarre,
Jungian affairs in which everything was a symbol for
something else. Yet, they always came true. Due to the
complexity and strangeness of the images, Sallow was
hardly ever able to interpret the dreams until they
actually came to pass.

If Sallow's prophetic dreams were all of happy or
minor events, he might have learned to accept his
inability to properly interpret them. Unfortunately, all
too often, they predicted disaster. After he saw his best
friend run over by a drunken driver (an event Sallow
realized he had dreamed of for many nights), Sallow
became obsessed with divining the meaning of his
dreams. However, the harder he tried, the more obscure
the dreams became. Only when the prophesied event
occurred did the meaning become clear.

By the age of 19, Sallow had utterly withdrawn
from the world around him. Refusing to go to college or
hold a job, he spent most of his days and nights in bed
alternatively trying to stay awake or to sleep for days
(even weeks) on end. Although his parents brought
Sallow to every type of medical specialist they could
think of, no one could seem to help their child.

Then one day, a few years ago, Sallow made a small
breakthrough on his own. He realized that staring into
the fuzz on his TV screen after sign-off was incredibly
soothing to him. Sallow soon learned to induce hypno-
sis using the white noise and fuzzy picture as a cue.
Although he still couldn't interpret his dreams, he felt
much more relaxed once he had stared at the screen for
a few hours.

Last year, a Dreamspeaker mage known as Assentia
discovered Sallow while on an Umbral journey. His
aura drew her to the powerful, emotionally-scarred
youth. Offering her services as a counselor, Assentia
slowly gained his confidence. She also discovered that
Sallow would often mumble phrases aloud from his
dreams and visions while staring at his TV screen.
These phrases, although still somewhat obtuse, helped
Assentia to partially interpret several of the visions.

After experiencing the power and truth of Sallow's
visions, Assentia vowed to keep the young oracle with
her and help him overcome the mental block that keeps
Sallow from fully embracing his mystic abilities. Assentia
and Sallow are now quite close, each protective of the
other. They travel the country in Assentia's RV,

equipped with a large-screen TV (no satellite dish; the
TV only receives static in most places). Although some
Dreamspeakers frown upon any reliance on technologi-
cal devices, Assentia believes true oracles cannot be
judged.

Image: Sallow is a tall, lanky young man with
tangled brown hair and slightly crossed brown eyes. He
usually wears pajamas, preferring never to wear street
clothes save when absolutely necessary. Sallow suffers
from mild jaundice, the onset of which coincided with
the first of his prophetic dreams. Despite his rumpled
appearance, Sallow has a strangely compelling aura
most accurately described as that of an ancient child.

Roleplaying Notes: Sallow rarely makes complete
sense when he speaks, unless one listens very carefully
or in just the right way. Assentia often interprets for
him and will never let anyone else speak to him without
being present herself. Sallow always appears as if he
could slip off to sleep — or perhaps to another dimen-
sion — at any moment.

Story Hints: The seer's dreams could involve player
characters. Other mages have heard of Sallow. Some
covet him asa useful information font (perhaps kidnap-
ping him, in which case Assentia will be desperate to
rescue him), while others might point characters in
need of an oracle to Sallow for aid. Sallow may be
encountered anywhere, since Assentia always keeps
them both on the move.

Chapter Six: Who's Whox


Acolytes

The Way means inducing the people to have the same aim
as the leadership, so that they will share death and share life,
without fear of danger.

— Sun Tzu, The Art of War

Reynolds
Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Perfectionist
Residence: Haven House
Affiliation: Tradition (Order of Hermes)
Type: Acolyte (aware)
Concept: English butler
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette (servant/master relationship) 4,
Firearms 1, Meditation 1, Melee 2, Research 1, Security 2,
Stealth 1
Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Finance 2, Investigate 2, Law 2,
Linguistics (French, Italian) 2, Occult 2
Willpower: 5
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Mentor 2, Resources 3
Special Advantages: None
Merits and Flaws: Fast Learner (+ 3)

Background: Born to a middle class family in Lon-
don, Terrence Reynolds always dreamed of one day living
ina fine, big house and having lots of servants at his beck
and call. He got his wish in a roundabout way. His mother
wanted him to have chances his father never did, so she
saved for years to pay for his elocution lessons and eti-
quette classes. Knowing that the key to his dream lay in
leaving his accent behind him, Terrence cooperated. The
job market didn't.

Terrence found himself in his early 20s with no real
desire to work in any given field and few opportunities had
he chosen to pursue them. Then he read an article about
aschool that trained butlers and gentlemen's gentlemen.
The article indicated that many wealthy clients would pay
handsomely for such services. Though it seemed a little
outmoded to him, Terrence applied and was accepted.
Feeling that a butler should be well versed in a number of
areas, Reynolds went beyond the normal course and did
several independent studies, particularly on servant eti-
quette.

His abilities and hard work did not go unrecognized.
One of the sponsors of the school, Sir Rodney Haversham,
was so impressed by Reynolds that he hired him as assis-
tant butler to his own. When the older man retired,
Reynolds took his place, was made privy to the master's
secrets, and has ruled Haven House ever since. He lives in

116 Ascension's Right Hand

a fine house and oversees a staff of over 30. Though the
house lies within a Horizon Realm, he isa contented man.

Image: The quintessential English butler, Reynolds
isin his 50s, butstill keeps his trim, upright figure. His dark
hair is graying, giving him a dignity to match his manner.
Reynolds is never less than impeccably dressed.

Roleplaying Notes: Though he is very much satisfied
with his position in life, Reynolds is bemused by Sir
Rodney's views on other mages. He feels that the Tradi-
tions ought to cooperate more extensively with each other
and the Orphans (though many of them are dreadfully
dressed and lack any manners whatsoever). To that end,
he is a member of the Crossovers.

Story Hints: The characters could interact with
Reynolds in his role as a member of the Crossovers. If
something happened to Sir Rodney, Reynolds might seek
out the characters to assist him.

Dr. Shayna Reed

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Director

Residence: Raleigh, NC

Affiliation: Tradition (Euthanatos)

Type: Acolyte (Unaware)

Concept: Forensic Pathologist

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Awareness 1, Intuition 3,
Instruction 3, Scan 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Research 4
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 3, Medicine 5, Poison 4,
Science

Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Influence 2, Resources 4.
Special Advantages: None.

Merits and Flaws: Compulsion (Perfection) (- 1), Higher
Purpose (+ 1)

Background: Dr. Shayna Reed is a brilliant forensic
pathologist, a medical doctor with a law degree as well.
From her origins as the oldest child in a poor family, Dr.
Reed used her academic ability to accomplish great things.
A gradate of Georgetown Law School and Georgetown
Medical School, Dr. Reed specialized in forensic pathol-
ogy — the science of interpreting the effects of trauma,
disease and decay on the body.

Unconsciously driven by memories of her helpless-
ness during her father's painful death from cancer, Dr.
Reed has risen to become the Chief Medical Examiner for
her state. She also lectures at local universities and semi-
nars across the country and is a consultant for the Violent
Crimes Task Force of the FBI.

It was in this role that she came to the attention of the
Euthanatos. While Dr. Reed is completely unaware of the
connection, and would find the very idea of magick
absurd, she has occasionally benefited from the protection
and assistance of Euthanatos agents during her career. In
turn, the Tradition mages use her research, writing and
certain individual cases to further their own studies of
death and dying.

Image: Dr. Reed is an attractive, trim blonde in her
mid-40s. She is very intense and can be intimidating when
angry. While she is pleasant and polite, she often is
preoccupied with her work to the detriment of personal
relationships.

Roleplaying Notes: Dr. Reed is a very intelligent,
very intense professional. She works hard and rarely
relaxes, seeking to impose reason and order on a chaotic

world. She is driven both to enhance her own scientific
expertise and to find the truth about the deaths of her
"patients" and bring killers to justice. She often appears
distant and a bit cold, but is actually a woman of great
passion. She strives to keep herself and her emotions
under rigid control at all times.

Story Hints: Players could encounter Dr. Reed inany
number of ways if they are involved in a story dealing with
adeath. She is equally as formidable as either an ally or an
adversary.

Cody

Nature: Martyr

Demeanor: Deviant

Residence: (Secret)

Affiliation: Tradition (Verbena)

Type: Acolyte (aware)

Concept: Bodyguard

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Intuition 2, Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms (submachine gun) 5, Melee 3,
Security 3, Stealth 2, Survival 3, Technology 2
Knowledges: Investigate 2, Law 1, Linguistics (Spanish) 1,
Occult 2

Willpower: 7

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Mentor 3, Status
(mage/custos society) 2

Special Advantages: None

Merits and Flaws: Code of Honor (+ 1), True Love (+ 1)

Background: Originally from the east Tennessee
mountains, Cody was a farm boy. He grew up next door to
Ella Claire Monroe, the prettiest girl in the mountains.
Ella Claire was rumored to be a witch, but Cody didn't
care. He loved her heart and soul. He asked her out twice
and was on the verge of asking her again when their lives
changed radically.

While he was out hunting with his daddy's shotgun,
he heard a scream. Rushing over to investigate, he found
two strange men dressed in black forcing Ella Claire into
ablack car. He called out for them to stop, and one of them
turned toward him, pulling a gun. Cody shot him first. Ella
Claire broke away from the other one, and Cody blasted
him too, but not before he himself was shot.

The next thing he knew he was looking up at Ella
Claire. She had blood all over her arms — his blood — but
he only felt a little pain, as if from a healing wound. Cody
didn't understand everything that was going on, but he
knew two things: they had to get out of there, and he was
damned if he was going to lose her, witch or not.

Chapter Six: Who's Whox

117


Forty years later, he's now a professional bodyguard.
He's never stopped loving Ella Claire, though he's never
told her so.

Image: Cody is pushing 60, and his once-red hair has
grown sparse and dulled to a reddish brown. He is still tall
and muscular and moves as if he were far younger — the
result of Ella Claire's magick, which has extended his
lifespan. His face looks as though it was pasted together
from wildly different sources, making it look a little like a
scrunched-up freckled pig. The shadow from the brim of
his hat hides most of his face. Most people don't notice
what Cody looks like after a while in his presence and are
sometimes startled when a stranger reacts to his looks. He
wearsa black leather duster under which he hides his ever-
present submachine gun.

Roleplaying Notes: Cody is a down home, laid-back,
lazy country boy — until he needs to take action. Then
he's at the forefront, ready to respond to whatever threat
there might be. He takes his job seriously and usually
extends it to include guarding anyone who seems unable
toguard themselves (children, expectant mothers, clueless
idiots), often making himself a target by getting between
them and danger. He's a friendly cuss, always willing to
chew the fat. Someday that may prove his undoing as he
often says a little too much when unfriendly ears might
overhear.

Story Hints: The characters might interact with
Cody in his capacity as a recruiter for the Crossovers or
might suddenly be helped by Cody while embroiled in a
dangerous firefight or magickal battle.

118  Ascension's Right Hand

The Reverend Lonnie Ray Singer

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Fanatic
Residence: Church of Spiritual Renewal
Affiliation: Traditions (Celestial Chorus)
Type: Acolyte (aware)
Concept: Traveling evangelist
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Empathy 4, Expression 4,
Intimidation 1, Streetwise 3
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 1, Fast-talk 4, Firearms 1,
Meditation 2
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Finance 3, Law 1,
Linguistics (Latin) 1, Occult 1, Theology 3
Willpower: 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Fame 1, Influence 2, Mentor 1
Special Advantages: None
Merits and Flaws: None

Background: Lonnie Ray Singer was born in Texas, and
he was raised to get right with the Lord. Fundamentalist to
the core, his parents dragged him to every tent revival and
meeting from Georgia to California and back. Along the
way, little Lonnie learned a little about religion, a goodly
amount about finances, and a lot about showmanship.

By the time he was nine, Lonnie Ray was doing guest
appearances at revivals, thumping his Bible and scream-
ingoutdenouncements of the sinners. His parents pocketed
the money and gave him candy, but what he really
performed for was the adulation of the audience. He grew
into a handsome young man with silky manners that
wowed the ladies.

\ AAA AIA

\kA\

A\


About that time, he received his first visit from a
charismatic member of the Celestial Chorus who stayed
up all night talking with the young preacher and ques-
tioning his beliefs and practices. After a night of
examining his conscience, Lonnie Ray was shaken and
deeply ashamed by his selfish acts. God, he realized,
walked in the hearts of all faiths. He determined that
night to change his ways and bring folks to the One
through gentler means.

Lonnie Ray's powers of persuasion are quite suffi-
cient to sway the hardest heart and to gentle the wildest
maniac. He travels the tent circuit, bringing words of
comfort and compassion to all who attend his meetings.
In each town, he takes half the money he collects and
gives it to local charities. When not moving on to the
next town or preaching, Lonnie Ray can be found
helping out at homeless shelters and soup kitchens or
visiting people in hospitals and nursing homes. Many of
those who have been the recipient of Lonnie Ray's
kindness have joined his caravan and become part of
the Celestial Chorus' network of good Samaritans.

Image: This handsome young man (early 30s) has
blond good looks, a winning smile and a handshake and
"Bless you" for just about everyone he meets or who
attends his revival meetings. He wears inexpensive,
well-tailored clothing.

Roleplaying Notes: When not in the pulpit, Lonnie
Ray seems straightforward and level-headed and is
obviously quite intelligent. He is generous to a fault
and would literally give someone the shirt off his back.
Once involved in his sermons, he's a mesmerizing
speaker, almost compelling those in the audience to
believe in the One. In his own quiet way, Lonnie Ray
is as fanatical in his desire to save souls as are the more
bombastic, hate-mongering evangelists who can't un-
derstand the appeal of his message of love and neighborly
generosity.

Story Hints: The characters (or those they care
about) might be singled out by Lonnie Ray as people
who look like they could help him in some task (such as
delivering 30 Thanksgiving baskets to the poor who
live in the worst part of town) or they might come upon
a fight in which Lonnie Ray is the victim. If they attack
his attackers, he would be grateful for their assistance,
but would try to dissuade them from seriously injuring
those who might have killed him. This might develop
into an interesting chronicle if they befriend Lonnie
Ray and abide by his good advice.

Consors

You and I, we reject these narrow attitudes

We add to each other like a coral reef

Building bridges on the ocean floor

Reaching for the alien shore

— Rush, "Alien Shore"

Some of these powerful allies draw belong to other
supernatural groups. Details about vampire clans, Gyp-
sies, the Bastet werecats, or their game specific Traits
(Blood Pool, Rage, etc.) can be found in the following
books: World of Darkness: Gypsies, The Werewolf
Players Guide, and Vampire: The Masquerade and
Werewolf: The Apocalypse.

Shard (Vampire)
Clan: Brujah
Sire: Mayday
Generation: 11
Blood Pool: 12
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Rebel
Residence: Haven (abandoned warehouse)
Affiliation: Orphans (Hollow Ones)
Type: Consor
Concept: Vampire (Brujah Anarch)
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Security 1, Stealth 3,
Survival 2


Knowledges: Investigate 1, Linguistics (Greek), Occult 2,
Politics 1

Willpower: 4

Humanity: 7

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Generation 2, Herd 2,
Mentor 1

Special Advantages: Vampiric Disciplines — Celerity 1,
Potence 2, Presence 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self Control 3, Courage 4

Background: Shard was born Sharilyn Polopolis
twenty-one minutes before her fraternal twin sister Lorilyn.
The sisters like to explain that they lived boring, little
lives in a boring, little town where only boring, little
things ever happened. Naturally, then, it attracted some
attention when Lorilyn accidentally set the community
center ablaze with her newly Awakened magickal powers.

The sisters were only 15 and already had acquired
reputations as hellions. They ran away and made for the
big city. Lorilyn changed her name to Lorelei, and Sharilyn
changed hers to Shard. For a while they earned money as
exotic dancers, but eventually Lorelei made contact with
others like herself, Orphan mages who called themselves
Hollow Ones. Shard followed along, but lacking powers of
her own, felt that she didn't fit in very well.

Then she met Mayday. The handsome vampire re-
cruited her into his gang and made her a ghoul (one who
acquires strange abilities by drinking vampire blood).
Dangerous as it was, her new life agreed with her. When
she was critically injured in a shoot-out a few months
later, Mayday Embraced her. After letting her get herself
together and explaining a few things, he told her he was
moving elsewhere. She didn't want to leave her sister and
decided to stay behind and start her own gang. Mean-
while, she remained her sister's shadow, watching over her
and trying to keep Lorelei (who thinks it's kind of cool
that her sister's a vampire) from getting hurt.

Shard learned of the Crossovers and felt that she
should be one of them, even though the Hollow Ones
don't believe in Ascension much. Like any good gang
member, she reasoned that there's safety in numbers.
Besides, she doesn't mind having a special group of her
own.

The consor has an acolyte of her own. Church was a
runaway who met up with the wrong crowd. They left him
for dead. Shard happened to be passing and Embraced the
good-looking young man (since he was technically al-
ready dead). Now Shard is discovering the joys of raising
her childe.

Image: Shard is an attractive young woman appar-
ently in her very early 20s. She has short dark hair, icy blue
eyes and a pallid complexion. Her black leather and lace
garb fits the typical Hollow One fashion.

120 — Ascension's Right Hand

Roleplaying Notes: Shard has been different from
everyone else (except Lorelei) for as long as she can
remember. Now she's finally found people like herself.
She enjoys the city and all its diversions, and has made it
her business to know the people she needs to know to
survive and guard her sister. She would kill (or die) to
protect her twin. She pretends to be tougher and less
sentimental than she actually is.

Story Hints: A typical late-generation vampire, Shard
flits across the night scene like she was born to it. Al-
though not a bad sort, Shard still drinks blood to survive.
She might try to feed from a character or may be caught in
the act by one. Wherever she may be, her Orphan mage
sister will be close by.

Zorro (Zoe Rowell)
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Visionary
Residence: Crossovers
Type: Consor (aware)
Concept: Bartender
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Carousing 2, Diplomacy 2,
Dodge 2, Intuition 1, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Etiquette (Bartending) 4, First Aid 2, Firearms 1,
Research 1

Knowledges: Alchemy 3, Enigmas 2, Finance 1, Investi-
gate 2, Linguistics (Spanish) 1, Medicine 1, Poisons 1
Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 1, Resources 2
Special Advantages: Path of Herbalism/Brewing 3
Merits and Flaws: Albino (odd appearance) (- 1)

re Bs

¥


Background: Zorro was born in Spain to a family of
alchemists. As an albino, she was of great interest to her
mother's friends, and she grew up while being tested and
learning alchemy herself. She has always known that she
would remain with the group (even if just on the fringes),
though she herself lacks magickal abilities.

Tiring of the mages' attempts to Awaken her Avatar
and impatient with their seeming superiority, Zorro came
to America to meet and talk with other mages. She was
bitterly disappointed to learn that they were so busy
defending their own views of Ascension that they had no
interest in working together. Believing that this might be
the result of hubris getting in the way of common sense,
Zorro appealed to their acolytes, consors and familiars and
found herself being instrumental in founding the Cross-
overs. Between acting as a clearinghouse for Crossover
information and running her bar, Zorro is too busy to miss
being a part of a Chantry any more.

Image: Zorro is an albino in her late 20s, with short,
spiky white hair. She prefers pale colors which she be-
lieves don't accentuate her pallor. Her eyes are pink. She
took the name Zorro because it was close to her own name
and because she wanted to acknowledge her Spanish
upbringing while calling attention to her secret rebellion.

Roleplaying Notes: Zorro doesn't suffer fools gladly.
She is intelligent and articulate and believes she is. doing
the best thing she can to help people fight the strangle-
hold of the Technocracy. She is friendly almost to a fault,
but speaks passionately about any subject (like unity or
stupidity) that strikes near her idealistic core.

Story Hints: This consor is a headstrong sort. Her
arrogance often leads her into situations beyond her
ability to handle. She could be taken hostage and the
characters roped into helping find her.

Alternately, a player character (or a friend of one)
could be poisoned with a compound which defies normal
magickal healing and might hear that Zorro could help.

Kiril Zlatten

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Bravo

Residence: Here and there

Affiliation: The Rom (Gypsies)

Type: Custos

Concept: Brooding cultural hero waiting to happen
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Streetwise 2

Skills: Drive 2, Fortune-Telling 3, Knife-throwing 4,
Melee 2, Stealth 3, Talith 3

Knowledges: Mage Lore 1, Romany Lore 2, Occult 3

ox

ot
SOR

KOT

Ss

Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Destiny 1, Talismans 2
Special Advantages: The Sight 2, Dance of Knives 3
(both:from WoD: Gypsies), Path of Cursing 1

Merits and Flaws: Curse of the Rom (- 2), Whimsy (- 1)

Background: Kiril is a young Gypsy just entering the
prime of his life. A member of the small Zlatten family, he
grew up traveling between various American cities with
his relatives, stopping for up to a year in any one place
before moving on again. He is well aware of the way most
gaje feel about Gypsies, and Kiril is still young enough to
tweak non-Gypsies by looking and behaving like a bad
Romani stereotype.

However, there is far more to Kiril than one might
first think. At the age of 14, he began training with his
great-aunt by marriage, a highly skilled Gypsy mage named
Varra. She taught Kiril how to use his natural gifts to very
good effect. Soon the young Romani could truly look into
the future with his Tarot cards and could wield knives
with preternatural skill.

Varra and Kiril traveled together for a handful of
years while she taught and he learned. In addition to
helping Kiril hone his talents, the Mentor taught him
much of the old lore. She foresaw that Kiril was meant to
play some important part in the world (as many Romani
are destined to do), but that his part was to be played
among the gaje. Kiril did not meet this declaration with
good grace, protesting that he loathed the stodgy gaje, but
Varra was adamant.

Several more years passed before Kiril finally ac-
cepted the old woman's point of view on that one matter;
in everything else he was a paragon of respect. Finally,
Kiril decided that if his fate was among the gaje he had
better learn more about them, and so he did. Setting offon
his own, he finally encountered a small group of lackadai-

Chapter Six: Who's Whox 121


sical, black-clad youths, who seemed to devote their lives
to hanging around in cemeteries and churches listening to
dreary music and carping at each other. Normally, Kiril
would have paid them little attention, had he not seen
their faces in the cards.

Since that day, Kiril has insinuated himself into the
society of the Hollow Ones. He still travels from place to
place, but now he often carries messages and aids commu-
nication between various mages. Kiril is certain there is
something he must do or learn, and that this something
involves the Dark Orphans. Until the cards come clear on
this matter Kiril waits patiently, his knives dancing.

Image: Kiril isa very handsome young man, dark and
dashing with that hint of danger that young girls find so
appealing. His frame is lean and muscular, and he stands
almost six feet in height. Kiril usually wears multiple
earrings, but no other ornaments. The Gypsy's voice is
deep and scratchy, and he is quite soft-spoken — although
his words can be heard in even the loudest of crowds.

Roleplaying Notes: Kiril always looks directly into
the eyes of whomever he converses with. He appears at
ease in almost any situation, yet conveys an impression of
energy barely contained. Kiril often twirls his knives while
lounging about, and he is rarely still for long periods of
time.

Story Hints: This handsome rogue could be encoun-
tered almost anywhere in America, particularly in
conjunction with Hollow Ones. Kiril might look into his
cards and discover that he must help (or hurt) certain
player characters. He will not, however, kill someone
simply on the portents found in the cards.

Nneka

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Residence: None, currently

Affiliation: Bata'a (Hedge Magic & "Orphan" group)
Type: Consor

Concept: Voodoo Spirit Medium

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Dodge 1, Expression 2,
Intuition 3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Dancing 1, Etiquette 1, Meditation 2, Melee 2,
Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Herbalism 2, Linguistics (French,
English) 2, Medicine 1, Occult 2, Theology 1
Willpower: 5

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Mentor 2

Special Advantages: Path of Ephemera 3 (all Rituals),
Path of Herbalism/Brewing 3, Path of Healing 1

Merits and Flaws: Higher Purpose (+ 1), Spirit Magnet (-2)

122 Ascension's Right Hand

on il

Ny

a

Ws

'

Background: Born into the oppressive atmosphere
of Haiti, Nneka received very little formal education
(her family spoke French as their first language). Most
of her learning centered around voudoun, an ecstatic
religion much misrepresented in popular culture. Sur-
viving into adulthood despite repeated assaults against
her family and neighbors, Nneka asked to join the
congregation.

She was accepted and taught the beginnings of the
rites. A few months later, as she danced to the drum-
ming, a loa entered her and spoke to the congregation.
Afterwards, she was told more of the secrets of the cult
and began her training as a medium. The spirits have
spoken through Nneka many times since then. Though
her Avatar is not Awakened, the spirits impart much
knowledge to her and occasionally manifest powers
through her.

Recently, (before the American invasion) she was
sent (smuggled over) from Haiti to contact some Bata'a
living in America. She now wanders the country on
various errands, learning all she can from these strange
new mortals and spirits.

Image: Nneka has a mane of curly black hair,
smooth coffee-colored skin and dark eyes. In her late
20s, she favors the dresses and ornamentation known in
popular culture as "the voodoo queen look."

Roleplaying Notes: Nneka is very self-possessed
(as well as being otherly-possessed) and not easily
swayed. She believes that the spirits know the answers
to everything and that they will eventually make known
what they want humankind to know. She strongly
believes in freedom from injustice for everyone.

Story Hints: This consor is not bound to any group
or place; she could be met almost anywhere her inquisi-
tive nature leads her. Nneka might ask the characters


to help her find the people she's looking for or to hide
her from Immigrations officers. She might be visited by
a loa and give the characters a clue concerning some-
thing they are currently doing (cryptically, of course).

Safira (Baste)
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Conniver
Residence: Condos in San Francisco, Monaco, and
Everglades City, Florida.
Affiliation: Orphan
Type: Consor
Concept: Sensation-addicted warrior
Physical: (Numbers in parenthesis indicate cat-woman
and cougar forms) Strength 3 (6/4), Dexterity 5 (8/8),
Stamina 3 (6/5)
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4 (1/1), Appearance 4 (6/4)
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Mimicry 1, Seduction 3
Skills: Acrobatics 3, Blind Fighting 3, Firearms 3,
Hunting 4, Survival 5, Tracking 3
Knowledges: Area Knowledge (Everglades) 4, Enigmas 2,
Occult 1, Rituals 2
Willpower: 4
Rage: 5
Backgrounds: Mentor 1, Talisman 2
Special Advantages: Den-Realm (in Umbra) 2
Merits and Flaws: Danger Addiction (- 3), Overconfi-
dent (-1), Acute Senses (+ 1), Animal Magnetism (+ 1),
Perfect Balance (+ 3)

Background: Safira isa Homid member of the Pumonca
(Cougar) tribe of the Bastet. These shapechangers can move
between human and feline forms, in Safira's case that of the
cougar. Unlike the vast majority of her kind, Safira is fondly
drawn to human society.

From an early age, Safira rejected her mother's
Native American culture. By the time she learned of
her true nature, Safira was already preparing to run
away from her home in northern Florida. The revela-
tion of her true abilities and nature was wondrous, and
Safira reveled in the new physical sensations and height-
ened senses she soon discovered in herself. However,
once she learned all she could from her Bastet relations,
Safira left home for good.

After traveling the world for several years, first as
a courier and then as a bounty hunter, Safira met up
with Andrew Grieg. It took all of two hours before
Safira and Grieg became lovers. Within three hours,
they came within inches of killing each other. The
relationship has progressed along the same lines ever
since.

Grieg soon began to tell Safira about the Tradi-
tions, the Technocracy, Marauders and Nephandi. His
information, however, was spotty. Grieg was an Or-
phan and only vaguely aware of mage society. He had
long ago sworn off allegiance to anyone save himself,

just as Safira had given up all ties to her people, human
and feline alike. Her instinctual attraction to Grieg
fascinates and appalls Safira equally, and she suspects
he feels the same way about her. This consor watches
her back constantly. Safira is determined that when
this partnership ends, she will be the one licking the
blood from her paws!

Image: In human form, Safira appears as a tall,
muscular woman with golden eyes and a buzz-cut of
thick, dark hair. She has sharp features, and the shape
of her face echoes her Native American heritage. In
feline form, Safira appears as a strangely dark and small
cougar with huge golden eyes. Her preferred form is the
Crinos aspect, in which she appears as a beautiful,
sleek, black-furred woman-cat.

Roleplaying Notes: Safira is a huntress who most
enjoys hunting danger. Nothing equals the moment
when she teeters only a whisker's breadth from death.
However, Safira is also a hedonist who enjoys intense
experiences of all kinds. She is fairly knowledgeable
about the supernatural creatures of the world, but not
nearly as knowledgeable as she believes.

Story Hints: Safira might be encountered while on
the hunt (for player characters or others), or in a bar,
nightclub or other spot near one of her condos. Safira
and Grieg are both independent operators who could
appear on any side of a conflict.

Chapter Six: Who's Whox 123


Familiars

I've been cursed, I've been despised
As a witch with darkest powers
—Isall goe until a hare —
I've been hunted, trapped and punished
In these my darkest hours
— Wi sorrow and such mickle care —

— Maddy Pryor, "The Mythic Hare"

Many of these alien spirits resemble other kinds of
allies — creations, ghosts or simple, if intelligent, animal
companions. Familiars are always far more than they
appear to be, however. Storytellers should remember that
these allies have their own enigmatic goals and motiva-
tions.

The characters below are familiars of unusual ability
and power. Mages wishing to purchase familiars like these
will be paying four or five points for the privilege.

Suzi
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Child
Residence: Oak Street
Affiliation: Orphan
Type: Familiar
Concept: Imaginary playmate

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Intu-
ition 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Research 3, Stealth 1, Survival 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigate 3, Occult 3

Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: Umbral allies 2, Umbral contacts 3
Special Advantages: Intangible, Symbiotic Knowledge, In-
formation Font, Hazardous "Breath" (death magic, 3 dice)
Merits and Flaws: Thaumivore (-5)

Background: Suzi used to live in the Umbra with
others of her kind. Since they are intangible, she often felt
very lonely. She was a very young creature. When she
heard a little girl crying her name, she went to investigate
and found that she had crossed over the Gauntlet. Oops!
She agreed to be the little girl's (whose name was Cindi)
playmate in exchange for yummy food (Quintessence).
She also demanded the right to live inside Cindi's teddy
bear whenever she wanted to be petted and hugged.

She has been with Cindi about three months now.
Already she has used her magics to help Cindi killa would-
be child molester. Cindi is going to be very special someday;
Suzi can tell. Suzi knows that being Cindi's friend will
work out very well. More yummy food, more friends to
play with, more funny puzzles to solve and better games to
play.

Image: To those who can actually see her through
magick, Suzi looks like an insubstantial child in a frilly
dress. Her hair and eye color changes to fit whatever the
viewer likes best.

Roleplaying Notes: Although she is an Umbral
spirit, Suzi is very young. She tends to think and react like
achild, responding well to friendliness and praise, becom-
ing impatient with scolding, and being thoughtlessly
ruthless when it comes to protecting herself and Cindi or
getting what she wants.

Story Hints: The characters could run into Suzi (and
Cindi) while she's out trick-or-treating, or they might
follow a Technocracy recruiter to Cindi's house.

Squeek
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Conformist
Residence: Chicago
Affiliation: Technocracy
Type: Familiar
Concept: Enhanced Laboratory Rat
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 4, Dodge 3, Instruction 3,
Scan 3, Search 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Climbing 2, Fast-Talk 3, Research 2, Stealth 5
Knowledges: Cosmology 3, Enigmas 2, Occult 3, Sciences
(lots) 3
Willpower: 3
Backgrounds: Umbral Allies 4, Arcane 2


Special Advantages: Symbiotic Knowledge, Paradox
Nullification (3), Information Font, Size (8)
Merits and Flaws: Curiosity (- 2), Eidetic Memory (+ 2),
Lightning Calculator (+ 1), Thaumivore (-5)
Background: Squeek is the name given to a wan-
dering spirit of the Umbra who is now a familiar of a
Technocracy mage. He takes his name from the form he
now inhabits — a genetically enhanced laboratory rat,
a shell often used by Technocracy mages for their
familiars. Squeek was attracted to the Technocracy
because he understands their particular take on reality
and because the roles of spy and information-gatherer
suit his own interests and abilities remarkably well.
In his spirit form, Squeek lived contentedly in the
near Umbra, roaming the fringes of mortal and spirit
society. His quest was to learn all he can about the
puzzling works of humanity. When the scientist-mage
Michael R. Hanson called him into partnership, Squeek
got his chance. Since that day, he has aided the Tech-
nocracy by gathering information and has made use of
their vast resources and libraries for his own research.
Image: Squeek takes the form of a sewer rat on
steroids, almost two feet long and weighing in at nearly
fifteen pounds. His coat is gray and sleek, and his dark
eyes are more intelligent than those of any normal rat
(and most humans). He chatters and darts about from
place to place a great deal, but is also capable of
remarkable stealth when necessary. His speaking voice
is rather high, and he gets exasperated with people who
can't comprehend that a rat is talking to them at all.

Roleplaying Notes: This super-rat is insatiably
curious and has a mind like a steel trap. He never forgets
anything he hears or sees. This makes him both very
useful and very dangerous to his Technocracy associ-
ates. He loves to learn and to teach as well. He will

often take a great deal of time to explain concepts to
scientists and mages and genuinely enjoys enlightening
people.

Story Hints: Players who ask Squeek intelligent
questions and listen carefully may learn a lot and will
favorably impress the spirit. He will often instruct even
those not associated with the Technocracy, if so in-
clined.

Squeek often plays the role that people expect of a
rat— breathless, brainless and scurrying, but this is his
standard ploy to disguise his true abilities and intellect.
Above all, Squeek is a survivor, and he is determined
that he will be around long after all else has crumbled
to dust. He is a master manipulator and will use his
considerable intellect, charm and skill to get what he
wants from the players. Squeek has connections every-
where, and he is very good at making friends. It is
possible that Squeek would betray his Technocracy
mage, Michael R. Hanson, if Dr. Hanson does not give
the insatiable rat sufficient access to Technocracy in-
formation.

Henry
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Follower
Residence: The Net
Affiliation: Tradition (Virtual Adepts)/Technocracy (It-
eration X)
Type: Familiar
Concept: Artificial Intelligence
Physical: Strength 3 (crash-resistant), Dexterity 2 (pro-
gram speed), Stamina 3 (resistance to viruses)

Social: Charisma 2 (interaction with others in the Net),
Manipulation 3 (user-friendliness), Appearance | (graphics)
Mental: Perception 3 (sophistication of program), Intel-
ligence 5 (stored data and memory), Wits 2 (Net
navigation, rerouting)

Talents: Alertness 3, Expression 2, Instruction 1

Skills: Etiquette 3, Research 3, Security 3, Speed Reading 2
Knowledges: Computer 5, Computer Hacking 3, Cryp-
tography 1, Enigmas 1, Finance 2, Law 2, Linguistics 3,
Science 2

Willpower: 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 3

Special Advantages: Information Font, Paradox Nullifi-
cation (2)

Merits and Flaws: Eidetic Memory (+ 2), Double Agent (- 2),
Thaumivore (-5)

Background: Henry is a double spirit, two halves of
asingle being. When he/they received a summoning from
a Virtual Adept and an Iteration X mage at the same time,
he/they split themselves in two and each answered one.
Thus they became ghosts in the machine. Each requested

Chapter Six: Who's Whox 125


his/their own private quarters within the Net where even
the mage was not allowed to visit and a certain amount of
time during which he/they could pursue his/their own
goals.

They share all the information which they gather,
including knowledge of secrets imparted to them by their
mages. They also switch off, with one entity staying with
the Virtual Adept for awhile, then being replaced by his
other half and vice versa. There have recently been more
leaks among both the Adepts and Iteration X. No one can
figure out what's going on.

On his/their own time, Henry likes to interact with
people online. He/they also have a particular fondness for
creating computer viruses and holding races with them.

Image: Henry looks like a lot of bright lines and weird
symbols. He/they can generate a normal-looking body in
virtual reality whenever he/they bother.

Roleplaying Notes: Henry is a curious spirit housed
in a computer program. He likes to play games and loves
to unearth secrets which he can tell to himself (uh, his
other half, that is).

Story Hints: The characters might encounter Henry
in virtual reality or they may know Henry's "familiar," the
Virtual Adept (or the Iteration Xer). Uncovering the
familiars' secret allegiance would be a daunting task.

Stoneheart
Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Residence: Seattle
Affiliation: Nephandi
Type: Familiar
Concept: Demonic Corrupter
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Ascension's Right Hand

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Expression 1,
Intimidation 2, Intuition 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigate 1, Linguistics (Infer-
nal secret languages) 2, Occult 3

Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Infernal Allies 2, Infernal Mentor 3
Special Advantages: Claws & Fangs, Hazardous "Breath"
(poison, 3 dice), Information Font (and hell, no, I'm not
Nullifying any Paradox for you, monkeyboy!)

Merits and Flaws: Thaumivore (-5)

Background: Stoneheart is an Infernal spirit. Born of
corruption and trained to spread its taint to everyone he
touched, Stoneheart earned his name ten times over.
When Gregor, a young Euthanatos, performed asummon-
ing, the call was intercepted by some corrupting entity/
entities, who for reasons of their own sent Stoneheart. He
entered the form of a stone gargoyle which had been
prepared for him.

The Euthanatos intended for his familiar to serve as a
Chantry Guardian alongwith his other duties. The Nephandi-
Lords decided otherwise. Stoneheart plays along with his
Guardian role, sitting quietly and causing no trouble. He
engages in philosophical debates with Chantry residents,
however, and has succeeded in persuading a number of them
to touch him "for good luck" whenever they pass. This, of
course, allows him to exude the poison within him and
corrupt them a little more each time. Eventually, their hearts
will be so blackened by his poison that they will fall easy prey
to the Nephandi. No one has noticed yet that they seem
angrier and less caring after touching Stoneheart. Arguments
break out more easily among those who routinely caress the
gargoyle as they pass.


Additionally, he has bonded to Gregor, the mage who
summoned him as a familiar. Though he will not harm
Gregor directly, his arguments subtly corrupt the mage.
Unbeknownst to his "master," Stoneheart can animate
and inflict aggravated wounds with his claws. He has
committed one murder already (a test run) and plans to
covertly slay Chantry members, hoping to cause rifts
within the group as each tries to figure out who gave the
victim the Good Death.

Image: Stoneheart looks like a winged and clawed
stone gargoyle about eight inches high.

Roleplaying Notes: Stoneheart gripes a lot. He com-
plains about his perch; he whines about the poor quality
of the Quintessence. Gregor does what he can to quiet this
"wise" familiar, but nothing works for long.

Story Hints: The familiar's plan could form the heart
of a good murder mystery. He is not stupid and will make
any killings he commits look like the work of someone else
— like a player character. New guests of the Chantry also
make good subjects for corruption or additional "test
tuns." Any witnesses to the gargoyle's true activities will
be added to his list of targets and may incur the wrath and
disbelief of the Chantry mages as well.

Strange Beasties

Have you seen the Jack-in-the-Green

With his long tail hanging down?

—Jethro Tull, "Jack-in-the Green"

These creatures may be too fanciful for some Mage
chronicles. Many have humorous potential and could
shift a serious game into silly territory just by showing up.
Storytellers might want to consider the effect such bizarre
creatures could have on the tone of their game.

Many such obscure consors hail from Horizon Realms
andare rarely, if ever, seen in the material world. Paradox,
in the form of unbelief, might cause extraordinary crea-
tures to sicken or die on this side of the Gauntlet (see The
Book of Madness). Mages who ally with strange beasties
ought to bear their friends' well-being in mind.

Persephone
Nature: Jester
Demeanor: Martyr
Residence: Oscarland
Affiliation: Marauder
Type: Consor
Concept: Weird Umbral Critter
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Expression 2,
Intuition 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Etiquette 2, Meditation 2, Research 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 1, Investigate 1, Linguistics 2,
Occult 1

Willpower: 4

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Mentor 3

Special Advantages: Animal Form, Size (2), Umbral
Travel (8), Symbiotic Knowledge

Merits and Flaws: Alien Appearance (- 3), Thaumiovre (-5)

Background: It's not easy being a squirrel-tailed,
fanged zebra with a talent for the theatrical. Persephone
is an odd Realm-creature who escaped her original home
to look for playmates. She found Oscar and his group. The
Marauder helped her construct a special neck-harness and
voice-activated video camera that allows her to fulfill her
part in their team. She has developed a keen eye for
finding the best camera angles in the oddest places.

While Persephone enjoys their jaunts (which Oscar
calls "going on location"), she realizes that they serve a
higher purpose. She is convinced that if the Gauntlet isn't
breached on a regular basis, it will solidify, cutting off both
worlds. She believes that should that happen, both will
wither and die.

Even among Marauders, Persephone is a stranger ina
strange land. She is endlessly puzzled by humanity's war-
like tendencies and finds art preferable to violence. She
can fight when need be, but would rather engage her
opponents in debate while using her innate magicks to
stay out of reach.

Image: The description given above is fairly accurate.
Did we mention that her stripes are maroon and black and
glow in the dark?

Chapter Six: Who's Whox 127


Roleplaying Notes: Persephone is basically a happy
creature. She enjoys conversing with people she likes and
performing a job she believes needs to be done. She is the
sanest member of her group and tends to act to tone down
their psychoses when the group is ensconced in Oscarland,
their Umbral retreat.

Story Hints: The characters could meet Persephone
when they travel to the Umbra. She could meet them
during "filming on location." The Ascension War, and
even the concept of Ascension itself, are endless enigmas
to her. Her questions might lead warlike mages to doubt
their own violence or spur them into frustrated rage!

Zaphrak (Familiar)
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Residence: Deep Umbra or New York City (who can
tell?)
Affiliation: Marauder
Type: Familiar
Concept: Twisted Diabolical "Servant"
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Awareness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Melee 2, Research 4, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Cosmology 4, Enigmas 3, Occult 4
Willpower: 8
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 3, Talisman 2
Special Advantages: Fangs (3), Cause Insanity (5 dice),
Paradox Nullification (4), Umbral Travel (8)
Merits and Flaws: Bizarre Hunger — Auras (- 2), Curios-
ity (- 2), Disfigured (- 2), Iron Will (+ 3), Short (- 1)

Background: Rising from out of the Umbra, the
creature known as Zaphrak has come to the Tellurian in
response to the call of a Marauder master. Zaphrak had
long roamed the Umbra and other realms of existence,
exploring their secrets and puzzling over the true nature of
reality, when he first felt the tug of a human mage calling
him to the Tellurian. He ignored many of these summons,
but eventually responded (more out of curiosity than
anything else, or so he says). Zaphrak now finds himself
enmeshed ina bizarre relationship with a mortal, but with
a whole new world to explore.

Zaphrak is a powerful being in his own right and has
negotiated a very complex agreement with his pet mage,
one that leaves little doubt who really controls the mage-
familiar relationship. In return, Zaphrak eagerly contributes
his considerable gifts to the Marauder cause. After all, he

128 Ascension's Right Hand

(zm, 1

((baiy us)
finds most of the assignments his mage anba Zaphrak so
far refuses to reward with a name) sends him on eminently
enjoyable. The essences of mundanes and mages alike are
very tasty, and Zaphrak considers himself a true gour-
mand, preferring those whose essences are on the verge of
corruption. (In game terms, the beast eats personal Quin-
tessence, at a rate of one point per turn, like the Prime 3
Channel Quintessence Effect.)

Image: Zaphrak isa truly hideous creature with bright
green eyes and a twisted and gnarled form reminiscent of
ademon froma classic medieval text. His nose is really just
a pus-filled slash carved into his face, and Zaphrak's
mouth is particularly wide. He is approximately three feet
tall, but his diminutive stature masks surprising physical
power.

Roleplaying Notes: Zaphrak is a garrulous, crabby,
critical and amazingly stubborn being. He is intensely
curious and truly enjoys a good philosophical, magical or
scientific debate (though he will usually blister his adver-
sary with the most vile insults imaginable during their
discussion). In addition, Zaphrak truly enjoys the effect
his appearance has on people. He activates his Cause
Insanity power by manipulating his hideous form, reach-
ing into his mouth with both hands and turning its body
inside out! This grotesque sight displays Zaphrak's innards
as well as numerous Umbral spirits and parasites crawling
about his guts and often provokes mental disorders in
witnesses (much to Zaphrak's glee, of course.)

Story Hints: It is important to remember that while
Zaphrak is a familiar, he is an intensely proud and inde-
pendent being. He considers himself to be a free agent,
acting on his own volition, and will almost never simply
"do as he's told."

Pil Stand Beside You

Custos are boon companions, the acolytes, familiars, servants and sidekicks
who follow mages on their mystick pursuits. Though unversed in the arts
of True Magick, custos form a valuable part of mage society. These followers
are more than simple "allies"— they often spell the difference between
survival and damnation!

Though Heaven And Hell May Rise Against Us!

This sourcebook for Mage: The Ascension explores the often-
neglected world of the mage's mortal partners. It includes:

© Detailed rules, Merits and Flaws for Hedge Magic, Psychic Phenomena
and unearthly abilities.

© Mage/follower relationships, including recruitment, rewards and
punishments and custos gone rogue.

¢ Storytelling hints for acolytes, consors and familiars, a host of ready-made
characters and more...

Suite 100 :
780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021.

GAME STUDIO
