# File: Ashes To Ashes.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Asnes co Aspnes

A Story for Vampire

by Stewart Wieck

wy vv 7 ®

A Renaissance in Games


Crevics

Written by: Stewart Wieck

Developed by: Mark Reine Hagen
Editing: Lisa Stevens and fobn Brandt
Lay-Out: Nicole Lindroos

Cover Art: Doug Andersen

Interior Art: John Cobb, Josh Timbrook
Cartography: Chris McDonough

Cover Design: Chris McDonough

This supplement is dedicated to
Michael Jordan and the 1991 NBA
Champion Chicago Bulls.

Special, Special Thanks:

Stewart "Tell me if the Bulls win." Wieck, who we're sure
thought lovingly about this project on his month-long
European tour.

Mark "I'm the Boss." Rein* Hagen, for coming up with the
company sponsored caffeine.

Lisa "It's been a year, two months, sixteen days and eight
hours since I had a vacation!" Stevens, for working
quadruple duty and holding down the fort.

John"You should have seen itbefore ledited it" Brandt, for
weeding through the sentence fragments, improper
grammar, misspellings, obnoxious charts, . .

Nicole "When do we start the intravenous caffeine?"
Lindroos, for notlaughing hysterically when weshowed
her the summer production schedule.

Doug "Hey, leave me out of this!" Andersen, for making the
Casablanca Fan Company really come to life.

John"Ofcourse, they're Vampires!" Cobb, for his really neat
representations of the story.

Josh "Well, why didn't you say he was a Nosferatu?"
Timbrook, for putting up with all those little commu-
nication gaps.

Chris "I'll have it there, don't worry." McDonough, for
squeezing us into his already hectic schedule.

Travis "Big Daddy Slang" Williams, for not leavin' us
hangin'. Word.

To the mortals, we appear in all manner of guise. To most we do not seem
monstrous, indeedwe appear quite human, their own assumptions conceal us from
them. However, some see us not as they see themselves, but have the depth of
vision to tear away the drossfrom our faces. They see our ravaged souls born upon
our monstrous visage, and know our true name. They see the Beast within and
know that we are not mortal. Indeed, they see us as we do not see ourselves. It
must be a horrifying world that they live in.

— Killian, Justicar Toreador

©1991 by White Wolf. Allrights reserved. Reproduction ‘without written permission ofthe publisheris expressly denied, except pis for thep
F

of reviews. Pha ers may reproduce the character sheets for personal use only. WHITE WOLI
Storypath Cards, Path of Intrigue, Path of Horror, Whimsy Cards, Vampire, Gothic-Punk, The Order of Hermes, The Stormrider, Jum
Covenants, Mythic Europe, Running Rampant, Leader of the Pack, Tell It

1, The Broken Covenant of Calebais, The Tempest, Sa;

lagazine, Ars Magica, The Challenge, canpeirn Boek.
tart Kit,

Pack, Black Death,

A Winter's Tale, The Pact of Pasaquine, A Medieval Bestiary, White Wolf Adventures, Dark Foe, Faeries, Bard's Song, Battle Cry, Melos Caverna,

Gehenna, Tales of the Voyager, Chicago By Night, Storyteller's Handbook, The Player's Guide, The Camarilla, The Last Supper, The Kiss, The Hunters

Hunted, A World of Darkness, Who's Who Among Vampires, Storyteller, The Masquerade, Mythic Europe, Blood Bond, The Succubus Club, Ashes to

Ashes, Dust to Dust, Storytelle's Screen, Alien Hunger, Werewolf, Magus, Faerie, Ghost, and White Wolf are all trademtarks and copyrights of White
olf.

Ashes to Ashes

CABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION
How to Use Ashes to Ashes
Roarke's Story

CwaPTER ONE: BAPTISM BY FIRE

CuapTeR Two: SucH TANGLED WEBS
Scene One: The Succubus Club
Scene Two: Magic at The Cave
Scene Three: The Brewery
Scene Four: The False Prince
Scene Five: Monsters on the Midway
Scene Six: Escape

CnapTER THREE: TO THE BREAKING POINT
Scene Seven: Dinner Guests
Scene Eight: Vacant Haven
Scene Nine: Rescued from Victory
Scene Ten: The Ghoulie Man
Scene Eleven: Potent Blood

CHAPTER Four
Scene Twelve: Downtown Precinct
Scene Thirteen: Yellow Journalist
Scene Fourteen: The Hunter

CuapTER Five
Scene Fifteen: Hell's Pasture
Scene Sixteen: Attack of the Ram
Scene Seventeen: Ceremony
Scene Eighteen: Rat Tunnel
Scene Nineteen: Showdown
Afterword

ADVANCED STORYTELLING SECTION
Setting the Scene
Roleplaying Tips
Running a Secondary Story
A Final Tip
Characters Used by the Players
Scene One: At Ease in the Windy City
Scene Two: The Trip
Scene Three: Settling In
Scene Four: The Auction
Scene Five: Fool's Errand
Scene Six: Pawns in the Game
End-Game: The Pawn Gambit

ONAAR

10

14
19
24
26
28
30
30
32
BT
38
41
43
43
45
47
52
52
53
54
bi
57
58
61
62
62
68
68
68
68
71
72
73
7
76
Px

INTRODUCTION

Ashes to Ashes™ is the first story supplement for the
Vampire™ storytelling game. Herein you will find the history,
events, characters, and game information required to tell a story
in the Gothic-Punk world of Vampire. The story introduces the
characters to the dangerous world of Kindred society in Chicago
and gives them a taste of the double-dealing and manipulation
so prevalent in the Windy City.

The purpose of this supplement is to help you create a
story for Vampire, and to continue the Chronicle "Forged In
Steel" described in the game itself. Indeed, the first chapter of
this story can be considered to be the "Baptism by Fire" example
given in the Storytelling chapter of Vampire.

Ashes to Ashes is notcomplete in and of itself; you will
have to do some work to get it ready for the troupe. It covers a
greatmany different Scenes, painting them only in broad strokes;
itis up to you to add the details or even reconfigure events if you
find theneed. We have purposely left this supplement with loose
ends and without expansive detail. First ofall, we wanted to give
you an idea of the scope a story can take without overwhelming
you with hundreds of pages. Secondly, we wanted to let you
tailor your Chicago Chronicle to the specific needs of your
troupe.

There are many different ways in which youcan use the
contents of this supplement, and there are even more paths the
players can take through it. You, of course, know best what your
troupe's needs are and how this supplement can best serve them.
Some troupes will only be motivated by the opportunity to drink
the Blood of an Elder, while others may be more interested in
playing the role of an anti-establishment Anarch to the hilt. Still
others may prefer to explore the theme of this story in depth,
exploring the role of the pawn in every way imaginable. You
need to decide what your players require and would prefer and
then adapt the story so that it suits them. Once the story begins,
you need to be ready to take the players any place they want to
go, being sensitive to how the players are reacting to the
maelstrom of Kindred society.

You must decide how you want to use this supplement
— ina piecemeal fashion, scavenging the ideas that you like for
your own stories, or simply changing and adapting minor details
to suit your own Chronicle. You do need to change things, we
cannotmake that point strongly enough. To make this supplement
work for you, itmust somehow, in someway, become your own.
The more you change things, the more you will understand the
possibilities and have ideas for things to do while you play it out.

Though Ashes to Ashes is a stand-alone product, the
background it begins to portray is integral to the Chicago setting

4

that will be expanded on in the next several books we will release
for Vampire, especially Chicago by Night™.

If you do not intend to be the Storyteller for this tale,
then stop reading now. Do yourself this one small favor, and let
the Storyteller have the opportunity to put a little mystery into
things. Even if you only glance through what follows, you could
tuin the story, not only for yourself, but for everyone. You' ll
thank yourself later.

How to Use Ashes to Ashes

Like all future stories for Vampire, the information
found in Ashes to Ashes is presented in a very specific format.
This format will hopefully help Storytellers refer quickly to
sections with information they require as well as making the
story more understandable as it is presented one element at a
time.

Since we talk of narratives in Vampire as "stories," it's
only reasonable that we present the story information with this
format in mind. Therefore, we have divided the entire story into
various sections discussed below.

Chapters: These are large sections of the story that
describe major portions of the plot. Each chapter will normally
involve a series of Scenes that will build to a climax, often a
dramatic confrontation. Ashes to Ashes has five chapters.
However, youcan enda game session after the conclusion ofany
Scene, or whenever it is time to wrap things up. These chapters
are provided only to help organize this book and to provide you
with an idea of how to divide up the story into game sessions.

Scenes: Chapters are divided into Scenes. These
subsections present information for a specific portion of the
story. Usually, Scenes are concerned with one of the dramatic
unities. Usually, the unity is a place, and the Scene describes
everything that occurs at a certain place. However, in certain
cases the unity might be time, as some Scenes must take place
ata certain time. Scenes are generally divided into a number of
smaller sections.

Plot: This section is for the Storyteller's benefit, as it
not only gives an overview of what will happen in the current

Ashes to Ashes


Scene, but also gives a glimpse at some of the action that is
occurring behind the scenes.

Setting: The area in which the Scene takes place is the
setting. A physical description of a building's premises and
some of the clues that can be found there are examples of the
information that this section will contain.

Dialogue: The conversation between characters is
the most important, and often the most dramatic, portion of the
story. Therefore, this section describes the information that can
pass hands when the characters talk with those controlled by the
Storyteller. This section will also tell you how mucha character
will tell willingly and how much is really known.

Drama: Some Scenes will involve a physical con-
frontation between the characters and some other force, like a
gang of Anarchs or council of Elders. This section describes
what is likely to occur during such incidents. Alternately, any
information that the Storyteller requires to adequately describe
any physical activity (e.g. escaping from a burning building)
will be found here. If this section is more integral to the Scene,
it will be placed before the Dialogue section.

Characters: Unless a scene is simply about the
players' characters wandering from place to place and dealing
with inanimate things, a section about the individuals the
characters will meet is essential. Look here for some details
aboutsuch people and Kindred. Game information like Attributes
and Abilities for these characters may be found on character
sheets printed in the margins of the pages.

The Theme

The characters are but pawns in a game that is far
greater than they. By the end of the story, the players should
realize this, The players are being used throughout this story by
powers beyond their ken, manipulated and used by the Elders.
This is the dominant theme of Ashes to Ashes; you should try
to play it out in whatever way you can throughout the story.
Though it is already a dominant motif, you should act it out in
your roleplaying and storytelling, and encourage the players to
roleplay it out as well. Decide what you think about humans
beings as pawns of forces greater than they are and weave your
ideas into the web of the story.

On a broader, more philosophical level, this theme
concerns the presence (or lack thereof) of freewill. In this
complex universe in which we exist, are we creatures of self
determination or are we merely atoms that are thrust to and fro
by the tides and waves of reality? Though this story is more
directly concerned with the manipulation of powerful beings, its

Ashes to Ashes

relevance and power is gained from its connection with this
immortal theme. Ask yourself in what way you have been
directed and programmed by your genetics and upbringing, in
what ways you have decided your own course through life, and
decide for yourself what was most important.

Throughout most of this story, give the players the
illusion of free will (this is easy to do, just see the Story Map
section). However, at the end of the story, make it clear to them
that they have been used. They are not sure how or why, but they
know that in some way everything that they did was part of a
larger story, a bigger picture. However, this conclusion is not
correct either, though the players should not realize this for
some time. The way this story is written, the characters do have
some lee-way, some small ability to affect the outcome of
things. What they decide to do does make a difference. In your
storytelling, you should be careful to give the players freedom
to do the small things — trail an informant, feed from Ballard's
Retainer, or steal a notebook from the Prince's Haven. Itis in
these small things that free will can be seen. Thus in the end, the
theme of story itself should be revealed as illusion — or at least
partially (this is one of the primary themes of the game —
mysteries within mysteries, illusions within illusions).

Choosing Sides

Though the underlying confrontation dealt with in this
story is the struggle between the Princes of Chicago and Gary
(and ona deeper level between two warring Methuselahs), there
is another conflict the characters may become involved in as
well — the shadow-war between the Elders and the Anarchs of
Chicago. The players should have the option whether or not they
support the Prince and the Elders, or whether they feel that
Kindred should exist without such real-world machinations.
They must decide if they are Anarchs, if they are the lackeys of
the Elders, or if they try to avoid the whole thing entirely.

All of the characters in the group need not have the
same outlook (though if they are divided up into two camps, you
will need to make sure that they are more loyal to each other than
to their political views), but it makes things easier if they do.
Coupled with a desire to keep Gary free of the Prince of
Chicago's evil hand, the stance the players choose in the Elder
vs. Anarch struggle will become a major factor that holds the
group together and encourages them to cooperate. This decision
will also help create numerous roleplaying opportunities once
the characters arrive in Chicago. However, this decision does
not need to be made right away, nor does it even need to be a
conscious decision. As Storyteller, just make sure the players
have made it by the end of the first Chapter. It will be almost
impossible for them not to.

The Mood

As envoys from Gary, Indiana to a city where they are
unwelcome, the characters in this story should experience a
great deal of psychological distress. Primarily, this should be in
the form of the terror that permeates the existence of every
Vampire. In this story, not only are the characters asked to leave
their home ground for a time, but they are also asked to enter
"enemy territory." The goal, then, is to let the characters know
fear. The idea, however, is to play with the fear to make the
players so familiar with it that they will become careless and
succumb in the end.

The characters will be confronted by all sorts of dan-
gers in this story — sunlight, fire (on multiple occasions) and a
Hunter. Don't let your players assume a player's attitude
towards these dangers. Thatis, don't let them see the dangers as
story elements that must be overcome. Instead, help them see
the danger as the Kindred characters would. Self destruction is
much more frightening to an immortal than it is to a mortal. If
the players do not break from seeing the danger as story
elements, then they have succumbed and will pay dearly for it
sometime during the story.

Fear is the way we make ourselves careful. However,
a Vampire's existence is filled with fear, and after a while the
player will not notice it any more. What you want to do is
overemphasize the fear, so that it does not seem as relevant as it
once did — and then demonstrate just how relevant it really is.
At the start, the fear should seem somewhat silly, even at the
Scene at Soldier Field where the characters learn that the
Chicago Kindred were not being as helpful as they seemed. By
the conclusion of the story, you'll want the players themselves
to be scared. You want to terrify them. Most of all, you want
them to understand the fear and realize the mistakes they made
because of it — both the mistake of not being afraid enough and
the mistake of being too afraid is the direct cause of the danger
they are innow. As in most things, it is the careful balance that
is most important.

You should have the players make Courage rolls often.
If they fail, they might not go into a full Frenzy, but they will
certainly feel the immediate need to get away. Just have them
constantly making these rolls so that they become inured to them
and fear becomes common place. In the end, however, you want
the players to realize that in the future, if they become afraid,
they should start being careful — very, very careful.

Ifyouare using White Wolf's Story Path™ cards while
telling this story, you should consider beginning play with the
"Things are Not as They Seem" card from the Path of In-
trigue™.

The Plot

What follows is the plot of Ashes to Ashes, or at least
one way it can be told. It is unlikely that the story you tell will
progress the way itis explained below, and that would be, in fact,
undesirable. This plot synopsis is intended to help you under-
stand what is going on, not to tell you how the story should be
told. Each troupe will play this story differently — the following
synopsis describes only one way in which this story can played
out. Alternate story lines can easily be deduced in the Storymap
section on page 8.

This linear format is simply the best for presenting a
story as complicated as this one. It will help you keep events
straight and understand everything that is going on. Your telling
of Ashes to Ashes will vary substantially from another
Storyteller's approach because of your method and the unique
style of your players. Use the facts presented here to tell Ashes
to Ashes the way you feel it should be done.

Finally, some of the linearity is actually intended.
There is more going on in Chicago than is apparent in this story
and some of the seemingly random events that take place have
avery integral relationship to events that the players and you will
learn about in future supplements for Vampire. For the mo-
ment, trust the elements presented in the story and use them as
intended. Forexample, it might seema little "programmed" that
the Neonate Anarchs Damien and Neon "rescue" the characters
before they are able to follow up on vital clues. However,
Damien is only responding to the urgings of higher powers who
know all the answers and have a precision-like agenda that must
be maintained.

We can't give away what is really going on in this
supplement (there is too much risk that a player will read it later
on and thereby ruin the point behind the whole Chronicle).

This story actually begins in the Live-Action roleplaying
session described in Vampire, "Baptism By Fire." The first
scene described below, the party at the Prince of Gary's, is
explained there. The story unfolds as follows:

Chapter One: The characters attend a New Year's
party hosted by the Prince of Gary, Modius. During this party,
a letter is delivered from the Prince of Chicago, Lodin, which
demands that Modius send the newly Embraced Neonates (the
characters) to him, in order to be formally presented and rec-
ognized by him. Modius acts like he is outraged, and forces the
characters to deliver a reply which ostensibly rejects Lodin's
demands. However, he tells one of the characters that they
should present themselves just to keep the peace.

Chapter Two: Thenextday. the characters travel to
Chicago and must take advantage of the only real information
about Kindred life in Chicago that they have — Vampires hang
out in the Succubus Club. If they go to the club, they meet two

Ashes to Ashes


different Vampires: Gengis, who is an Anarch, and Sir, who
sides with the Elders. The characters must decide whether they
will go to another bar, "The Cave," as Sir suggests, or whether
they will attend a secret meeting of the Anarchs ina place called
the Brewery. It is possible that they will do both.

At The Cave, after becoming involved in a "bet," the
characters learn that they can meet Lodin at the Museum of
Natural History later that night. While at the Brewery, they get
into some trouble when the meeting is broken up by a Vampire
called "Sheriff," who is the Progeny of Ballard, who is in turn the
Progeny and right-hand man of Lodin. By this time, the Elders
have learned that the Prince of Chicago, Lodin, is missing, and
Ballard is now toying with the characters, trying to discover
what they know and setting them up as scapegoats.

When the characters go the the Museum to see Lodin,
it is actually another of Lodin's Fledglings, Neally Edwards,
who they speak with. Once he gets out of them what he can,
Neally tells them he is not Lodin, but that they can be taken to
where Lodin is if they are at Soldier Field around 5:30am, where
they will be picked up in a helicopter.

If the characters do go to Soldier Field, they are met by
a helicopter a little after 5:30, which coincidentally happens to
be about the time of sunrise. If the characters do as they are told,
they enter the helicopter and flown to a safe Haven for the
coming day. If they resist, however, some mortals, armed with
automatic weapons, repel down from the helicopter and try to
herd the characters into the warren of corridors under the stands.
A gun battle may ensue, butas the sun rises, the characters grow
more and more sleepy. Eventually, they are either taken pris-
oner or come of their own volition, and will meet Ballard over
dinner at an exclusive restaurant the next evening.

Itis possible that the characters will escape, but in that

case, they will contacted by other Kindred of the city and told
that they had best meet with Ballard.

Chapter Three: Overdinner, Ballard confronts the
characters with their crime — the kidnapping of Prince Lodin.
Of course, the characters will deny any responsibility, but
Ballard will make a good argument for their guilt. The Neonates
came to Chicago to present themselves to Lodin and decided to
further the aims of Modius instead. Ultimately, Ballard says that
the characters will be killed unless they return Lodin. If they did
not take the Prince, then Ballard suggests that they find him
immediately.

During their investigation, the characters are allowed
to search the Haven from which Lodin was taken. The trail of
clues seem to point in a variety of directions, but before they
have an opportunity to really pursue the clues, a pair of Anarchs
rescue the characters by staking the watchdog Ballard assigned
to oversee the characters' movements. The pair also suggests a
place where they can safely hole up for a few days.

Ashes to Ashes

In what will seem like a bizarre coincidence to the
players, the safe-house the Anarchs recommend actually turns
out to be the previous home of the Ghoul who did kidnap Lodin.
However, the police recently raided the place and are watching
the building when the characters arrive.

While searching the building after dealing with the
guards, the characters learn that the police seized a body here
that could very well have been Lodin. They also find a vial of
ancient Blood which will bestow additional powers on the
characters for a short period of time, but the liquid will also
Blood Bind them to a Methuselah in Torpor if three or more sips
are taken by a single character.

Chapter Four: Pursuing a new trail of clues that
leads through the police and a grocery-store newspaper called
"Tell It All," the characters finally determine the current loca-
tion of the body they feel must be Lodin. However, the Kindred
they are about to rescue is not Lodin and the building they enter
is home to a dangerous and intelligent Hunter. Once they
manage to penetrate his cunningly protected laboratory, they
discover the body ofa Vampire in Torpor, but it is a Methuselah,

Chapter Five: Once they learn that the Kindred is
not Lodin, the characters must continue their quest by falling
back on a clue gleaned early in the story. They travel northwest
of Chicago, onto a 150 acre track of land where they find the
Ghoul and his assembled cultists.

It is here that the characters will have the final show-
down with the villain and witness the destruction of the Prince
of Chicago.

Roarke's Story

Very important to your understanding of the events and
flow of this story is an appreciation for the viewpoint of the
major villain, Roarke. Roarke's motivation in this story is one
of revenge, but little does he realize that his reasoning is faulty.
His clouded perception is explained in Chicago by Night.

For over half a century, Roarke was a trusting retainer
of Prince Lodin of Chicago. He assisted Lodin in whatever way
he could, and in return he received eternal life without the
penalty of never facing the sunlight again, and with great
monetary comfort, since Lodin was never lacking in the financial
realm. However, over time Roarke became aware of the fact that
just as he manipulated mortals for Lodin, he was being played
for a fool by Lodin. He accepted this as part of the public
relations game he was used to playing, but only when a gunman
shot him down in London at the behest of Lodin did Roarke
tealize that the subtle control wielded by Kindred was so much
more than he'd ever imagined.

Mortals play games with one another to gain temporal
power and earn more money. Roarke could comprehend that,
buthe couldn' tunderstand the Kindred point of view. Vampires,
itseemed, played the same game but with different rules. They
considered their power absolute and mortals to be nothing but
pawns. When he learned the truth, Roarke became consumed
with a desire for revenge.

Never quite sure how he managed to survive the
shooting in London, though he has vague recollections of
someone feeding him Blood, Roarke moved back to Chicago
where he lived in the shadows and waited for a chance to strike
back. In the meantime, he had to maintain a constant supply of
Blood for himself, so he took up residence in an abandoned 7-
11 store and made himself known among the Anarchs. He was
willing to watch over them during the day if they would pay him
for the service in Blood.

Toward the mid-eighties, one Anarch came crawling
into Roarke's home moments after daylight with a strange story
about a sleeping Elder he had seen. Roarke never learned more
from the Anarch because he entered Torpor and soon thereafter
died, but the Ghoul did follow up on the story. Much to his
delight he found not just a sleeping Elder, but a Methuselah in

Torpor. Roarke gathered up the body and returned with it to his
home. With Blood this powerful, Roarke embarked upon his
plan forrevenge. But while he thoughthe was using the Ancient,
it was the Ancient who was in fact using him.

Over the next half-decade, Roarke took time to build
his base of power and master the abilities that the new Blood
opened up to him. With a cult of followers, a fall-back Haven
in the middle of the woods, and vast powers, Roarke was ready.
On New Year's Eve, he entered the Haven of Lodin and
kidnapped the sleeping Prince. Taking him to the forest hideout,
Roarke began to use him as a new source of Blood.

Of course, this is only one aspect of the truth, for
Roarke may only be the pawn of greater powers.

Beyond describing Roarke's actions, it is difficult to
fully explain all that is going on in this story, without describing
the entire Chicago Setting, but suffice it to say that that motives
of all the primary protagonists in this story have their origin in
the great war between the two Methuselahs who control this city.

Story Map
i The Succubus Club |

<——The Brewery €

> The Cave

SSS co Ae aaa

| site Field
wv
Dinner Guests ——>

La Lodk's Haven ioc

— sare! by the Bell

<— Ghoulie Man

— Policy Precinct
Yellow Journalist

The Hunter

Hell's Pasture
NZ

Ram Attack ——>
NY

Ceremony
RY

Rat Tunnel

show' Down

The Methuselah ————5END a

Ashes to Ashes


Story Map

The story (as it begins in this supplement) must start at
the Succubus club — to have anything happen at all, you must
getthecharacters there the nightafter the New Year's celebration.
From this point, the story can go in nearly any direction, though
we provide for only a few alternate directions. Ifthe story ranges
too far from the basic plot we have presented here, you are on
your own. Only if you are not comfortable with off the cuff
stories should you prevent your players from directing the story
in awkward directions.

It is not likely that your players will explore every
scene described in this supplement, nor should you feel the need
to play out every single event. What the players do should
indicate what path the characters take through the story, and thus
whatscenes are played out. If the story ends and the players have
skipped over half of the scenes we have described, feel free to
use those ideas elsewhere in another story. If you are stuck for
something to do, just adapt one of those scenes to the situation
at hand.

What follows is a story map, an outline of the nineteen
scenes and the way in which they relate to one another. The
arrows represent which scenes can follow which scenes, which
is of course determined by what the characters do and say during
that scene. In numerous instances, you will see an arrow
pointing away to nowhere; this indicates that during that scene

it is quite possible that the story could lead in a direction not
covered by this supplement. If you do not wish this to happen,
you will have to be particularly careful during that scene.

Secondary Story

The publishers at White Wolf also felt that this first
story would be an excellent time to introduce players of Vam-
pire to some of the Advanced Storytelling techniques described
in Vampire. In this story, a provision has been made to tell a
second story in conjunction with the first. The Secondary Story
in this supplement is a type of Flashback (see Vampire). More
specifically, it is a Villain's Flashback, which means that the
characters will assume the roles of characters in the life of the
villain of the story, Roarke. In fact, one of the players will even
become Roarke!

The use of the Villain's Flashback is completely op-
tional, but we recommend itif you are interested in capturing the
most of the storytelling power of the setting in Vampire. If you
are new to storytelling games, or even roleplaying games, you
may feel that your players will be confused by constantly
switching roles, but don't give up on the idea of using the
Flashback until you give your players a chance to try it out. It
can be an extraordinary experience, don't pass it by out of
trepidation.

| Chapter One: Baptism
BY Pre

This chapter has already been described in the
Storytelling chapter of the Vampire storytelling game, see
page 245. This chapter concerns a party that the Prince of
Gary, Modius, is hosting on New Year's Eve and all the
bizarre events which occur during that night. They range
from chasing Sullivan Dane (a witch-hunter) to sharing an
Embrace with Modius's beautiful, mute Neonate. How-

ever, the night ends with the characters charged with
delivering a letter to the Prince of Chicago. In order for
this story to have its full depth and for its plot to be
sensible, you should begin with this chapter or with an
equivalent story created by you which can impel and
motivate the characters and players in the same manner.

Forasmuch as it hath pleased Almighty God of his
great mercy to take unto himself the soul of our
dear brother here departed, we therefore commit
his body to the ground; earth to earth, ashes to
ashes, dust to dust....

— Prayer Book, /nterment

Ashes to Ashes

Chapter Cwo: Such
CANGLED Wess

This chapter concerns the search for Lodin, requiring
that the characters havea burning desire to find Lodin, the Prince
of Chicago. The reasons for this can be nearly anything, but if
you started this story with the "Baptism by Fire" story included
in Vampire, the path is already marked for you. Everything else
in this story is written from the standpoint that the characters
were asked or coerced by Modius, the Prince of Gary, to go to
Chicago to deliver a letter to Lodin (as well as to present
themselves to him for acceptance into the community of Kindred).
If that is not the case and the characters are in Chicago for other
reasons, then you will have to modify Scenes and dialogue to
make everything work out.

Scene One:
The Succubus Club

Plot

The characters leave Modius' party and return to their
Havens for the remainder of the night. Some may wish to spend
that time in search of blood. Modius makes it clear, however,
that they must leave for Chicago at the crack of night the next
evening. When they awake, the characters must meet at some
spot and travel to Chicago. It's likely they'Il ride in a vehicle
owned by one of them. If not, then you may allow them to use
the 44' Bentley owned by Modius — a very old limo (one of
those with an open cab for the chauffeur). The trip to Chicago
will be marked only by a desolate view of the Wastelands and
will not take much longer than 25 minutes.

If they have not already considered it, it will likely
dawn on one of the characters that they have no idea where the
Prince of Chicago dwells or even how to contact him. The only
information they have is that the Succubus Club is where some
of the Kindred of Chicago "hang out." All of the Lake Shore
Kindred have either visited or at least heard of the Succubus
Club, an establishment rumored to be owned by a Vampire.
Wise characters will look for Kindred at locales in Chicago they
are known to haunt.

Thus, the characters find themselves in a hostile city
with only the barest clue on how to proceed. The bulk of this
scene involves the characters' interaction with two different

10

Radio Trivia

If you feel that the players need some incident to jump-
start their roleplaying, then you can play this out on the car ride.
As the players drive towards Chicago, the radio is on and it is
time for the Six O' clock Trivia.

If you really want to do it right, take five minutes
sometime prior to playing and tape a short segment in your best
Disk Jockey voice (or tape areal trivia contest off of the radio).
Give a final traffic report, announce that Trivia is coming up
soon, play a song, and finally get to the Trivia.

The question can be anything you desire, but an ex-
ample is provided below. The idea is to make the trivia question
forbode peril and in someway reflect upon the theme or mood of
the story. 7

Sample question: Well folks, here' s the question of the
day. For $100, who was the director of the FBI who authorized
the illegal surveillance of Martin Luther King?

Answer: J. Edgar Hoover.

Any player who actually knows the answer can just
shout it out and rib his fellow characters about winning the radio
contest. Otherwise, have players roll Wits + Acting. The
character with the most successes shouts the answer out first,
though any who succeed can claim that they knew the answer as
well. If there is a tie for most successes, the characters shout the
answer simultaneously and can argue for several minutes about
who said it first.

(Here' s another one, if nobody knew the answer to the
first one. Question: "On Her Majesty's Secret Service" hada
new actor cast as Bond. Now, for $100, who is this Australian
actor? Answer: George Lazenby.)

x x
be =

Vampires: one a member of the establishment, "Sir," and the
other an Anarch, "Gengis." The characters must decide which
faction they will side with in the dispute they are involved in, and
thus decide what route they will take through the story. It is
possible that they will befriend both characters and thus be able
to interact with both factions.

No matter what, the characters should be able to
eventually find either Sir or Gengis — if need be, one or the other
can be found nearly anywhere in the city. If the characters strike
out in unrealistic directions, the meeting will be delayed until
they get their act together. If they follow either Vampire, he will

Ashes to Ashes

lead them to the Succubus Club. Alternately, characters with a
high Auspex score may simply "search" for Kindred by expanding
their awareness.

Setting

The location of this Scene is somewhat open-ended, as
the characters may decide to go nearly anywhere in Chicago.
We assume that the characters will be going to the Succubus
Club. If they go elsewhere, you are on your own, but you can
probably adapt the events of this Scene to fit the new situation.
They may meet Sir or Gengis nearly anywhere, so describe the
alley or deserted street where the encounter takes place as you
desire.

The Succubus Club is a very exotic setting; itis known
as one of the trendiest but weirdest clubs in Chicago. Imagine
a large, trendy dance club located in an old brick warehouse,
stylish but somewhat brooding. Though it has been completely
refurbished, some of the wooden beams and brick work on the
inside have been retained. There are a number of different
balconies on all sides, a maze, a huge central bar, an on-site art
gallery, a number of side bars, three hanging dance floors, and
a VIP lounge. This is the sort of place where The Cure, Velvet
Underground, and Laurie Anderson is played, and where the
predominant style is black-dyed hair and black clothing, con-
trasted with pale skin. Some Punks and Yuppies also hang out
here, especially those who like to be part of the "Art scene."

This evening, the club is practically empty. After all,
the parties were the night before (New Year's Eve); only the
hard core clubbers are out tonight. The dance floor is filled with
only a dozen people gyrating to wild music. You should play
some sort of progressive rock at this point. It should be
something that's moody but still somewhat danceable; The
Cure, R.E.M., or even XTC would be good.

Slam dancing on the dance floor is Gengis, along with
his gang of three mortal friends. All of them are dressed in
outlandish costumes, mostly black leather and studs. They are
tangling wildly with another in the center of the dance floor,
dancing far too fanatically for the pace of the music, and pushing
aside the others who are out on the floor. They are clearly out
of place, but they don't really seem to care.

Surrounding the central dance floor are a number of
booths and tables; only a few are filled. All of the central tables
are empty. In one of the wall-side booths is a party of four men
apparently enjoying themselves quite a bit. Three of them are
lawyers out fora night on the town and still dressed in their suits.
The fourth, dressed somewhat differently, is Sir. He has been
paying for as many drinks as his mortal friends desire. The
drunk men hardly notice what's going on. Sir will not react well
toa large group of Kindred and if confronted openly, this feeling
of being threatened may translate into not helping them at all.
Most Kindred take the Masquerade very seriously, and since this
is Sir's hang-out, he feels especially protective.

Ashes to Ashes

Dialogue

Communication with either Sir or Gengis is the main
purpose of this scene. The characters must at some point engage
either or both of them in conversation. Each character is
described below, as are their likely interactions with the player
characters. Keep in mind, however, that neither of them like the
other. Both of them come to the Succubus Club often, and their
conflicts have been growing sharper and sharper; among the
Kindred, they are the only two present this night. Sir almost
considers the club his private Domain, while Gengis believes it
to be the proper hang-out for the Anarchs. Though the other
Anarchs aren't here tonight, he still believes it to be their "turf"
and he hopes to drive Sir off of it. When the characters come in
and begin to talk to one of them, the other will soon come over.
Unless their antagonism can somehow be mitigated, it could
escalate into a full fledge fight, even a break in the Masquerade,
for which, of course, the characters would be blamed.

Though Gengis is in the midst of his dancing, he is still
extremely cognizant of whatever else is happening in the Club.
His high Auspex is a great assistance. If the characters stand
near the dance floor, he will notice them, and after a time will
come over to speak with the "brothers." Gengis has never seen
them before, so he is curious as to their origin. He assumes that
they are Anarchs, unless they are dressed very conservatively.

After talking with the characters for a time, he will try
to convince them to come to a meeting held latter on, a meeting
of the Anarchs. He will act very conspiratorially, bringing one
character over to the side where no one else can hear. Gengis
will begin by getting them to promise "not to tell anyone else"
about whathe is going to tell them, especially not "that conceited
piece of admiralty slime." Unless the characters promise, he
will not tell them anything else. What he does tell them seems
to suggest that the Anarchs are having a clandestine meeting, so
as to organize against the Elders. Gengis mentions an Elder,
named Ballard, whom he calls "the bully-boy of Broadway," as
well as an Ancilla he calls "a bastard who calls himself Sheriff."
Whatever he says to the characters will in general be very
confiding. If asked about why the Anarchs want to rebel, he
spouts off some angry complaints about not being able to create
Neonates, Anarchs getting knocked off, and the Elders pushing
their weight around.

In the end, Gengis tells them that the meeting is held in
the Brewery on North Clark. He explains how you have to use
the fire-escape on the building next door, a restaurant called
Daley's, and then jump from that roof to the roof of the brewery.
He assures the characters that they will be welcome, and can get
the "inside track" on what is going on in the city. "You won't
make it without us." The meeting is at 3 a.m. and he offers to
guide them there, if they hang around the Succubus Club for a
while. He can possibly be convinced to accompany them to The
Cave (see below).

11

The characters will immediately notice Sir if they
wander around the Club, simply because his clothing is so
incongruous. If they look at him directly, he will stare back, and
after a time will motion one of them to come over to his booth,
Sir will not feel comfortable if surrounded by a large group of
Kindred, even ina public place like the Succubus Club. Therefore,
Sir will push one of the drunk men out of his booth and onto the
floor to make room for one character to sit next to him and talk.
Sir would prefer this character to be female.

Sir will prove to be a very helpful person, though he is
slightly intoxicated and even more egotistical than normal at the
momentand characters will have to be patient when dealing with
him. He will offer his new companion the opportunity to indulge
in the delicious, inebriating blood of the men at the booth.
Eventually, though, he will settle down to answering the
character's questions as best he can.

Once he discovers that the Neonates desire to meet
Lodin, Sir laughs and says, "Nobody gets to meet Lodin, he
never sees anyone anymore. In fact, no one has seen him in a
year." This is not true, but Sir believes it. If the characters ask
more he simply says, "You've got to see Neally, then he'll talk
to Lodin for you."

12

Because of his carousing, Sir is far out of the power
structure of the city — though his age would indicate otherwise
—and he doesn' treally care. This means, of course, that he will
be unable to give the characters any solid information. Though
an Elder technically, he is aboutas "in the know" as any Anarch,
In the end, he is only capable of directing the characters to a
hotbed of information he does know about —a hole-in-the-wall
club called The Cave. He can provide directions and will tell
them to, "Ask for Horace, speak to him and he'll tell you how to
get in touch with Neally."

Drama

Ina place often rowdy with revelers like the Succubus
Club, there are any number of opportunities for drama. A young
man may feel that a character is eyeing his girl-friend just a little
too much, there might be a dance contest that could be easily
won by a Vampire (though not so easily if Gengis takes part), or
perhaps obviously under-aged characters are carded and have to
sly their way past the bouncer.

The drama could even extend to the talk with Sir.
Consider this — a group of drunk fraternity brothers in an
adjacent booth have been watching Sir for the last hour or so.
They have little tolerance for cultural and social ideas other than
what they consider the norm, so they are disgusted every time he
sees Sir "kiss" one of the other men at the Vampire's booth. Of
course, Sir is drinking blood, but the brothers do not consider
that a possibility.

They are content to fume and talk angrily among
themselves about the situation, but when an attractive woman
(the player character intent on questioning him) sits down next
to Sir, one of them loses his handle and tries to rescue the poor
woman from the Kindred's clutches.

The characters could easily get thrown out of the Club
by a bouncer, or at least the bouncers might try to do so. The
fracas with the brothers could easily wash over the whole Club,
engulfing many in the violence. If the characters use any of their
powers, and do so in an obvious manner, Sir will take notice and
report it to the Elders. The characters will answer for breaking
the Masquerade later.

Characters

Only two Characters of import are likely to be met
during this Scene. If both Sir and Gengis are scared off by the
characters, then some new Kindred will have to be located to tip
the characters to The Cave or the Brewery. One possibility is
"Peaches" Dorsett. Peaches is described fully in Chicago by
Night, but for now accept that she is one mean gal. Her small
stature won't scare many, but her quickness and high Celerity
will. Her boss is Ballard and he will use her to find out as much
as he can about the characters.

Ashes to Ashes

Sir Henry Fobnson

Apparent Age: 33 (Born: 1825)

The Embrace: 1858

Generation: Tenth

Clan: Toreador

Description: Sir Henry is a fairly large, dark-
complected man, and while there is an air of dignity about him,
it's painfully obvious that he over-indulges in almostall areas of
his life. Only rarely is he not flushed red with an overfill of
blood.

Demeanor: Cavalier

Nature: Bon Vivant

Notes: In his day, Sir Henry Johnson was an en-
terprising and highly-decorated English naval captain, but in
recent years, he has given in completely to his Nature. Only now
truly certain that he is indeed immortal, Sir, as he asks others to
address him, feels that there is little reason to maintain the
charade of his Demeanor. Because of what he once was, he
instinctively sides with the Elders in the conflict that divides the
city. Sir's only problem is that he has a tendency to become
sloppy in his feeding and living habits. While he has yet to do
anything to draw extreme attention to himself, Ballard is familiar
enough with Sir to know that he has done wrong. Using this
information, he has persuaded Sir to send the characters to
Horace at The Cave.

Roleplaying Tips: Speak witha nasal tone when
you first speak with someone, but unless you can do it well, skip
the British accent. Keep your back straight, your manner
forceful, and do nothing that would endanger your honor — but
every once in a while, wobble a little bit from the alcohol you
have imbibed, and let the players see a glimpse of your degen-
eration just before the Scene ends.

Gengis

Apparent Age: 19 (Born: 1948)

The Embrace: 1967

Generation: Twelfth

Clan: Brujah

Description: With a shaved head, a dagger tattoo just
above his right ear, and a safety pin in his nose, it is readily
apparent that he is out in left field.

Demeanor: Visionary

Nature: Conformist

Notes: Gengis is one of the biggest supporters of the
Anarchs— herebels impulsively andreflexively. Created in the
late sixties, he was one of the first punks and has never given up

that style of appearance. Gengis hates Elders and is staunchly
pro-Anarch. There is nothing he likes better than a good fight.

Ashes to Ashes

Mental
Perception,

Intelligence,
Wit,

Knowledge
Acting Bureanemay___ 66000
‘Alertness Computer. 00000
‘ets Finance e200
Bea Investigation
lame
Empauiy Lingo
Intimidation, .00000 — Medicine.
Leadership ANTE) 00000 Oxall
Stretwise 0000 Palle ree
‘Subterfuge. ‘Survival, 00000 Science, 00000
x x
Advantage: Sd
Disciplin Backgrounds Virtues
e000 Conscience. 99000
00000 0000 Self-Control. 90000
0000 Soove Couyg_see00
z x
+t: +
tOther Traitsr= Humanity + Health
00000 Bruised o
000 ee eeeee00 aie
coon ei oo
Socog Fate Willpower—aet Wounded 3 0
", Mailed 4 0
Go-—Combat—et © © 00800000 wee ea
Wage [Deculty] Dacnage goooo00000 Incapecitated O

-fo==Blood Pool
eoccccccce

toeExperiencese®

|

Abus 75/3 Abiiies 139/5 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds 5 Virwes: 10 Freebie Point: 15 (/52)

13

FomOther Traits "Fo —=Humanity—-
00000
coeee # CeCe CD00
00000
00000
00000

tox—Combat—= © © 0 © @ 0000
fae [ifr] COOOOOoOOO

Foe Willpower

-F-—-Blood Pool
0000000000

Talents ‘Skills: Knowledge

Actin 00000 Animal Ken_____00000 ‘00000
‘ertnew ee000 Drv 20000 Computer, 00000
‘tet 0000 | Puumcti 20000 nance 00000
Bea e000 ream ee00  Imestgaion 0000

e000 Meee 00000. Law. e000
Empathy 0000 Musk 00000 Unga 0000
Intimidation ecco Repak 00000 Medicine ‘00000
Leadership. 0000 — Security_ 20000 Occult. 08000
Streetwise @eeo0 Seal e000 Pullics ‘00000
Suber 2000 | Suntal 20000 Scene ‘00000
+. Advantage:

Disciplines Backgrounds

‘e000 ‘e000

e000 Ss000

s6000 ss000 Ss

0000 S0000

coooo o0000
z
+

‘Aides: 753 Abilis: 19915 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: $ Viewex 10 Frebic Posts: 15 (S72)

14

He has not yet recognized his own immortality, but is little
concerned with his own safety. Though he would never admit
it, not even to himself, he is very much a conformist (though to
punk and Anarch values) and always wants to follow the group.
If he thinks of the characters as being "cool," he will want to
follow and emulate them, and after a time will seek guidance and
advice from the person whom he considers to be the leader. If
a character comes across as a powerful leader, Gengis will
instantly and naturally fall into his or her orbit.
Roleplaying Tips: Slowly nod your head
whenever you are in character and narrow your eyes. Speak
forcefully, but never directly about the subject at hand.

Scene Two:
Magic at The Cave

Plot

Following theadvice and directions of Sir, thecharacters
locate and enter The Cave. At first, they do not locate any other
Kindred, butafter interacting with the bartender and patrons, the
characters soon learn that Horace, the owner, is in the back
"taking care of business."

In the time between the characters' arrival at The Cave
and the time they are admitted to see the owner, Horace calls
Neally (one of the Prince's Neonates) and lets him know that the
Gary Neonates have arrived, while the bartender, Fred, delays
the characters. Neally has told Horace to call when the Neonates
arrive at the bar and has told him to send them to the Natural
History Museum so that they can meet with "Lodin." When the
characters go back to see Horace, they may become involved in
a bet, the nature of which is discussed below.

Setting

The Cave is not a very hospitable place and it is
certainly nowhere near as popular or frequented as modern clubs
like the Succubus Club. Though in the downtown area of
Chicago with a street-front entrance, The Cave is a bar for blue-
collar types and is a favorite hangout for construction workers.
It is normally quite empty except for a few regulars, and that's
just how the owner likes it. The Cave is not a money maker for
Horace — it serves as a cover.

No other clubs or bars are near The Cave, so the
entrance is dingy and dirty; the flickering neon sign is easily
overlooked. The "street-front" property of The Cave is no more
than this one door, behind which is a long, dark hallway that
leads to the bar proper. A heavily barred electronics store takes
up most of the front of this building. The hallway is sparsely

Ashes to Ashes

decorated, but what it does display is very interesting. Every
couple of feet, on both sides of the fifteen foot hallway, hangs an
antique door knocker. There are several lions and grotesque
gargoyles, but also some very exotic ones, such as mermaids.

Atthe end of the hall is a swinging door with a squeaky
hinge. Behind the door is the single, dingy room that makes up
the bar area. Roughly circular, the room is damp, dark and the
ceiling is crisscrossed with metal beams. The floor is bare
concrete. It honestly looks and feels like the interior of a cave.

Acouple of high-backed wooden booths are along one
wall, but the majority of the seating is at tables. The bar along
the near wall is small but well-stocked. The two bartenders, Fred
and Maureen, area study in opposites. Fred is a large, burly man
with a few gray hairs, while Maureen is a buxom beauty in her
later thirties. She's feisty, while he's calm with a deadpan voice.

A couple of the tables will be full at almost all hours,
any night. In groups of two or three, the customers enjoy the
quietatmosphere and the chance to get out of the house and hang
out with their friends. While these men are not Kindred, their
auras are generally white, so characters may confuse them for
Vampires at first.

Any macho-type characters will be offered a seatat one
of the tables. Intellectuals or "whimps" will be ignored in hopes
that the offending person will depart. The men are courteous to
women, especially pretty ones, and will buy them drinks to get
them to stay in the bar just so that they can continue to ogle them.
They flirt with Maureen, but leave her alone if any other women
are in the bar.

On one of the tables lies a copy of a rag newspaper
called the "Tell it All" (a lot like the Weekly World News). Just
mention this to the players, but don't go into any detail. Having
this newspaper here is just a thematic setup for the discovery of
the front page clipping in Scene Ten. This issue has the same
story —"Bloodless Animal Man Seized By Police" (see page 40
for a copy of it).

There are a couple of doors in the room other than the
entrance. One leads to the sole bathroom (no separation of the
sexes here), while the other opens to another hallway. There are
three other doors here. One leads to the owner's office where
there is little of interest. The other side room is the supply room.
Cases of soda, piles of napkins and the like are in here.

The door at the end of the hallway opens to a large,
nearly empty stock room. Normally, this is where Horace holds
his secret meetings, but when the characters arrive, the large
table has been pushed aside to make room for Horace's fun (see
Drama). The room also contains a large, iron-bound trunk, a
bookcase with reference manuals like encyclopedias, a small
refrigerator/freezer and a microwave oven.

Dialogue

There are a couple of different people the characters
can speak with here. Any conversation with the customers

Ashes to Ashes

should be idle small-talk, though if they have been confused for
Vampires, then you might decide to make the exchanges very
cryptic.

Maureen is not too interested in talking, though she
will take time out to flirt with anyone that the regulars don't like
— it's her way of getting back at them. A very dignified or
reserved character is the best subject for her attention; she loves
achallenge. However, Fred's the one the characters really need
to chat with. Unlike the other mortals in The Cave, he knows
about the secret life of his boss, that he is a Vampire. Fred
doesn't know much about Kindred intrigue, though, and will
assume that the characters are Anarchs on the run in Chicago.
Once he realizes they are Vampires, he presses a secret button
to let Horace know they have arrived. He'll try to delay the
characters fora while, giving Horace time to make the phone call
to Ballard, but he will eventually point the characters down the
hallway. If the characters get out of hand or they begin to pester
him, Fred will relent immediately. He will not lead them; he' Il
just say to go to the end of the hallway. Incidentally, Fred is too
Vampire-wily to be easily tricked into looking into someone's
eyes to be Dominated. In fact, if any character tries something
like that on him, Fred will protest, "You better think twice
Anarch. Horace wouldn't appreciate it."

The majority of communication in this Scene takes
place with Horace and his guests in the rear room of The Cave.
After the excitementhas passed in the room (see Drama), Horace
will gladly talk to the characters about the Prince and how they

15

ae
KZ

Mtn
i

can find him. He will refuse to talk business until the fun is over,
wishing to give Ballard time to decide what to do.

Although it's pretty obvious to one as politically acute
as Horace, the Vampire will attempt to verify that the characters
are indeed from Gary. He will talk to them a little about how
dangerous it is for them to be in Chicago without protection. If
they show him the letter from Modius, Horace will only laugh
and say, "Do you think his word carries any weight here?"

However, Horace explains that he'll get in touch with
Prince Lodin and see what he can do. He'll usher them into his
office and call Neally once again. After consulting with Neally,
Horace passes the phone over to one of the characters. They
speak with Neally who identifies himself as Lodin, and tells
them to meet him at the Field Museum of Natural History at 3
a.m. He says "Just tell the guard that you have come to see me
and he'll let you in."

Horace advises that they lay low fora while, but that the
Prince will not wait long, so they had better be on time.

When the characters first meet Tyrus orany of the other
bikers, they may assume that they are Anarchs. However, after
speaking with them for a time, it should be obvious that the
bikers support Lodin and hold fairly conservative views. If the

16

characters appear to be Anarchs, the bikers will be very dismiss-
ive and patronizing, sharing little jokes about the "posers."

Drama

If played correctly, the drama in this Scene will catch
the attention of the players very quickly. It will make them
realize that they are in an exotic world where bizarre things
beyond their ken and control can occur.

Hopefully, the characters are more than alittle annoyed
by the time Fred gives the go-ahead for them to go back and see
Horace (and remember that Fred does not accompany them
back). The door to Horace's meeting room is not locked, so one
of the characters might storm in even before Fred tells them. The
sight that greets such anxious characters is very unsettling.

The room is filled with a group of very tough looking
bikers, all of them Undead. They do not notice the characters
who have come in — they are far more interested in something
else. In the middle of the floor are two other Vampires, Horace
and Ehrich (see below). Ehrich is lying prone and Horace is on
his knees. Just as the door swings open, Horace pounds a
wooden stake through Ehrich's heart. Ehrich convulses, spits a
little blood, but then becomes motionless.

When Tyrus notices the intruders, he quickly turns to
force them out, closing the door behind them. However, Horace
calls after the characters and asks Tyrus to let them back in.

With the large wooden mallet in hand, Horace stands
over the prone Ehrich. He apologizes for starting without his
"other guests," and will offer them achance to involve themselves
in the wager. The bet is as follows: Ehrich contends that he can
escape from the steel banded trunk at the far end of the room in
less than two minutes despite having a stake through his
heart. Horace says he knows it's preposterous since Vampires
cannot move once they have been staked. Tyrus and the bikers
are the ones who brought Ehrich here and they all want to bet on
him.

The characters may wish to become involved — they
may wager either way, though if they decide to put their money
or mouth behind Ehrich, one or two of the players may notice
Horace's grimace. Betting against this Vampire is not the way
to impress him or get him on your side. He has no recourse if a
loser refuses to abide by the bet, but Horace will refuse to talk
with the Prince as discussed in Dialogue above until all obli-
gations have been met. The bikers will reluctantly give odds of
3-1 on Ehrich if pressed and will take any combined bet of up to
$5,000.

Once all wagers have been made, Ehrich will be
dragged into the trunk, which is then padlocked. The characters
may inspect Horace's placement of the stake if they wish,
though they will find it is dead center through the heart. Tyrus

Ashes to Ashes


will allow a character to redrive the stake once if they wish. The
vault will be locked and a curtain will be placed over it. In less
than two minutes, Ehrich steps out, blood oozing from the hole
in his chest. Ehrich will not explain how the "trick" is done. If
characters assist somehow in the staking of Ehrich, out of
sadistic desire or aggressiveness, a Humanity roll would cer-
tainly be called for (roll Conscience, difficulty 5).

Characters

The three characters at The Cave and the biker gang are
the only Kindred of this Scene.

Horace Turnbull

Apparent Age: 46 (Born: 1712)

The Embrace: 1758

Generation: Tenth

Clan: Malkavian

Description: Horace is of obvious English de-
scent. His face is narrow and prominently features a very
distinguishing hooked nose. He looks to be a man of great
intelligence and patience. He has enough of both those virtues
to get by.

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Nature: Plotter

Notes: Horace claims that he was the first European
Embraced in the New World. He made the trip from England to
the Americas about mid-way through the 18th Century. He left
anice life behind, but he was discontent with establishment even
then. During the Revolution, after he had already been living as
a Vampire for almosta score of years, Horace did what he could
to help the colonists. He views the struggle of the Anarchs in
Chicago to be another such battle, but over the years he has
grown too conservative to care much about it. In order to
survive, he collaborates with the Elders and indeed has in many
ways become one himself. Horace values his immortality
highly and goes to great lengths to protect himself, and this
includes working for Neally and Lodin, thus gaining a measure
of protection. He does not broadcast his connection with them,
butneither does he hide it. Tyrus is an old friend going way back,
and Horace serves as his primary contact with Lodin (whom he
serves as does Horace). The two of them have along history and
tradition of making bets — after the characters leave, they will
most likely bet on them as well.

Roleplaying Tips: Be smooth and slick in your
words and body language and never let yourself be surprised by
anything.

Ashes to Ashes

MENXCI*V

az.
=
Serengt 0
Stoning 2000 ecco °
+ Abilities +
Talents ‘Skills: Knowledge
Acting #000 Animal Ken_____00000 2000
Aertnes 22000 Deve 00000 00000
Bex cooce | Piranme e000
Dong 2000
Empaily, ° Unga
Intimidation Medicine.
Stretwise feoo00 Pali
Sater 000 Science
+ Advantage:
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
1 @e000 | Comeéemc, see00
oa — se000
Dominare e000 Self-Control
00000 0000 §=— Courage. e000
z z
= +
o-Other Traits-F  -Fee—Humanityee fo Tealth
ine eo ep eeeeeeen Bruised a
Tut 4
Iued 2 0
t-— Willpower Wounded 3 0
eececeecoo — Mul 42
oooo000000 Incapocitated O
-tee-Experiences=<t

"t--Blood Pool
0000000000

Auuibues: 75/3 Abies 19905 Disciplines: 3 Background $ Vinwes: 10 Freebie Pins: 15 (752M)

17

18

= Physical Mental
Strength i
Dexterity Peele Intellgece
Stamina Wits
x
5
Talents Knowledge
Actin ‘e000
‘Alertne (00000
AUiltioERaReS (00000
Daag 0 Meee e000 Law {00000
Empathy. 00000 Must. {00000 Linguists ‘#8000
‘Streetwise, yeeoo — Stealth, 10000 Politics, 00000
‘Subterfuge. 00000 Survival, 90000 — Sclence. 00000
FF Advantag > 3
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
0000 Conscience, 200
* ‘Self-Control.
n oO ese
ia 0000 Ss o0000 Courage.
x x
+ +

t=<Other Traits -F—Humanity—F Fe —HHealth

oo0ee e@eeeeseeoo — ned =o
hurt aa

bovoe Iured 2
0000 Willpower aot Wounded 3 9
J Combatant SCC eCeeeo Mul 4 0
hme pemfoee) COOOOCOOOO  iremmatated

tons comet
-Fo=Blood Poolmet ies

Awibcs 75/3 Abies 19915 Disciplines: Backgrounds: 5 Vinwes: 10 Frecbie Posts: 15 572)

Ebrich Weiss (Harry Houdini)
Apparent Age: 52 (Born: April 6, 1874)
The Embrace: 1926
Generation: Eleventh
Clan: Tremere

Description: Ehrich was very fit and muscular as
a mortal, and his physical prowess has been greatly enhanced
since his Embrace. Short and stocky, Weiss is a bundle of
musculature who also has phenomenal agility and stamina. His
short, dark hair is wavy and beginning to grey.

Demeanor: Survivor

Nature: Trickster

Notes: The greatest escape artist of all time lives on
asa Vampire. Even for a Tremere, Weiss (he now prefers to go
by his original name) has strange powers. He hasn't told anyone
exactly how he performs the amazing stake trick, so many
believe it is just that — a trick. During the height of his career,
Weiss was approached by a slightly off-center Tremere Vam-
pire who felt certain that Weiss was imbued with great magical
powers. In order to alleviate problems that would be caused by
his sudden disappearance, Weiss decided to fake his death after
accepting the Tremere's offer of everlasting life.

Roleplaying Tips: Always keep a straight face,
though sometimes you will flash a quick grin.

Tyrus

Apparent Age: 42 (Born: 1620)

The Embrace: 1662

Generation: Seventh

Clan: Gangrel

Description: Tyrus is a heavy built, unattractive
and very hairy man, covered with tattoos. His slightly misshapen
head gives him a baneful, malevolent appearance. Possessing a
dark humor and a willingness to heighten his aura of evil, he
wears black leather and a horned helmet

Demeanor: Bravo

Nature: Director

Notes: Tyrus was one of the first Vampires made in
Britain's American colonies. Created in the wilderness of
Maryland in 1662 because of his essentially wild nature, he has
since roamed across the continent, making his home wherever
he pleases. He fell in love with motorcycles and the freedom
they represent shortly after they were introduced, and recently
began making more Gangrel in order to complement what he
believed a biker gang should be.

Ashes to Ashes


Tyrus' Contacts and Fame are among the mortal biker
gangs, who know him well. His status among the Kindred
comes from his role as one of Lodin's favorites. Though he and
the gang are not residents of Chicago, Lodin has made it known
that they are welcome in the city. Tyrus does many favors for
Lodin, though he would certainly not consider himself Lodin's
lackey and would take umbrage if the idea was suggested to him.
While he has many attitudes in common with the Anarchs of
Chicago, he considers them effete complainers, unworthy of
their immortality and powers. He rules his "pack" with an iron
fist, but it is clear they don't mind — they practically worship
him.

Roleplaying Tips: Threaten and bully. Use your
intimidation all the time, not always simply to get results, but
simply out of habit.

Scene Three: The Brewery
Plot

This Scene is almost exactly like the example of play,
found on page 159 of the Drama Chapter in Vampire. The
characters arrive at the abandoned brewery and meet a number
of different Anarchs there. However, they are also surprised to
find that Juggler is the one who called the meeting, and is
speaking (Juggler is a character whom they met at Modius'
party, andis described in the Chronicle Chapter of Vampire, page
217). Part of the way through the meeting, they are interrupted
by a Vampire calling himself "Sheriff," who tells them all to
leave. He and his men have spread gasoline on the roof so that
ifany trouble starts, they can light it up and destroy the building
andall the Vampires in it. Sheriff is so certain of their cowardice
that he is willing to risk being trapped inside the inferno himself
(he also considers it worth the risk if he can impress Ballard who
is waiting in the restaurant next door).

By this point in the story, the Ventrue of Chicago know
that Lodin is missing and Ballard has learned that the characters
are in town (Sir contacted him immediately after they left the
Succubus Club). In his mind, this is all very suspicious (Ballard
has long hated Modius) and he has taken it into his own hands
to find out if the Anarchs are behind the missing Lodin. Even
though he realizes that they might not be guilty (and you must
decide what he comes to believe), he takes this as a chance to
eliminate a number of the Anarchs. Lodin has long held him
back from such inflammatory actions, but now that his boss is
gone, Ballard feels free to employ his own "solutions." The
night of chaos is about to begin, open war has once again come
to Chicago.

Ashes to Ashes

‘Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting. 00000 Animal Ken, 00000 Bureauemcy, 00000
Alertness, Datve. eeeeo Computer 00000
Athletic Buquette (00000 Pinance. ‘00000
Bel Firearms, 00000 Investigiti ‘00000
Dodge. Melee ‘00000 Law, ‘00000
Empathy. Muse (00000 Linguistics @2000
Intimidation, Medicine 00000
Leadership. Occult 00000
Streetwise Politics 00000

Science,

00000

+ "Advantages
Disciplines Backgrounds
A 0000 — Conscience,

Counge__seeee

x x
be 5 =
oeOther Traitsse  -f—Humanity— Health

Aistoqy__eeeeo Baised =O

ooo0e Hurt aa

Sense) ined 2 0

peed Wounded 30

Mauled 4 0

"Feee—Combat a Crippled 6 0

es peer] SOOOCOOOOO — ieqmsed
fo—-ExperienceF

-t—Blood Pool
eovcccceen

era

‘Auibuts: 7573 Abii: 19915 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: Vinwes: 10 Preble Pint 15 (S71)

19

If the players are too familiar with this Scene (as it is
described in the Vampire rulebook), be sure and change it
enough so there is enough suspense and new territory to explore.
Use their familiarity against them by changing the plot enough
to shock and surprise them.

Setting

The brewery is an abandoned building, oddly out of
place in an otherwise fairly well kept inner-city neighborhood.
Itis three stories high, made of brick and is very run down. The
only entrance available is on the roof — all the windows are
bricked up, and all the other doors are heavily chained and
boarded up. Inside is a maze of rafters, open ladders and
brewing equipment. The third story is all empty, having once
been the offices of the brewery; the dust is inches thick in some
spots. The second story doesn't really exist, for it is really an
extension of the first floor, with pipes and the upper reaches of
the vats extending up into it. The first story has only one large
open area, and that is surrounded by three enormous wooden
vats. It is here that the meeting is taking place.

By the time the characters arrive, a number of Vam-
pires have already congregated. Some are on the floor siting on
old wooden kegs or hand carts, but most are hanging from the
rafters or crouched on top of the vats, looking down on the
proceedings. There are only twelve Anarchs here, but in the
shadows, it may seem like many more. A delicate looking boy
is playing a guitar in a corner of the open area, an even younger
boy standing behind him (Damien and Neon). All the others are
quietly speaking with one another or listening to him play.
Damien is very good at "picking" on a twelve string guitar and
the characters will hear the delicate notes of his elaborate finger
work when they first enter the building.

Dialogue

The first person the characters will likely speak with is
the guitar player, Damien, who will be important in the story
later on. Once he has finished playing his song, he will stand up,
pass his guitar to Neon, walk over to the characters, and stand
above them for a moment saying nothing. He knows that they
are "new" and wants to learn more about them, but wants to find
out what he can with his own eyes before he starts talking.
Finally, he will blurt out to one of the characters some sort of
innocuous question, like "Why do you wear those silly shoes,
they are a year out of date." Before the character can answer, he
will continue, "I thought only dorks wear those shoes anymore."
Preferably you can pick some sort of body feature or accoutre-
ment that has already been mentioned and used in the story, thus
playing on some sub theme that has already been created.

Once the characters have responded to his strange
statement, Damien will introduce himself. "My nameis Damien,
and I'm here to make sure no strangers are attending our show.

20

You got anyone to speak for you?" If Gengis is present, he will
speak for the characters and Damien will accept his word,
otherwise the characters will have to do some fast talking to be
allowed to remain at the brewery. After this, Damien will
continue to ask strange and inscrutable questions of the charac-
ters, and will answer the characters' questions in turn. Keep in
mind that Damien is not hostile, he is just curious ina very child-
like fashion. Make Damien's personality an enigma to the
characters and try to get them curious about him — he will be
important to the story later on.

Finally, after the characters have had a chance to make
themselves comfortable, a silence will fall over the room.
Damien will stand up and melodramatically ask everyone to
look at the person to their right and left, and if someone doesn't
know who that person is, to eject them from the room. Some
Vampires present are bound to accuse the characters of being
spies, but Damien will immediately stand up and vouch for
them. No others spies will be discovered, and finally Damien
will announce "The time for uprising has come, we can wait no
more. Coming from Gary to tell us about it is our glorious war
leader, Juggler!" Leaping from the second floor and grabbing
one of the rafters, the Vampire who calls himself Juggler swings
on it for a moment and then leaps into the room. Itis likely that
the characters have meet Juggler before, at Modius' party in
Gary, but it is not likely that they realized he is the leader of the
Anarchs in Chicago as well.

Juggler has called this meeting in yet another attempt
to organize the Anarchs into a cohesive group. Not all of the
Anarchs present will agree with Juggler and this Scene should
serve as a good chance for the players to continue to make their
decision about whether or not they support the idea and role of
the Elders (discussed in the Introduction in "Choosing Sides").
Juggler claims that they have nothing to fear, that the laws of the
Camarilla protect them, and that Lodin himself has forbidden
the other Elders from acting against them. Damien will be
outraged by the disrespect in these comments and has to be
restrained by a few words from Juggler. When you have played
this line out as much as you can, suddenly interrupt the proceed-
ings with the arrival of "Sheriff" (aka Belthazar).

Just as Juggler is getting into the debate, Sheriff walks
into the center of the room. He had been listening in the shadows
for some time and had decided that enough was enough. He
brings with him one of his henchmen, another one of Ballard's
Neonates, but leaves his Ghoulish retainer on the roof of the
nearby restaurant.

Before dispensing Ballard's evil brand of justice,
"Sheriff" will speak threateningly to the assembled Neonates.
See the example in the Drama Chapter of Vampire for examples
of what he might say and do. The best idea is to simply play him
out as nastily and arrogantly as you can — he intends to
intimidate these "Anarch cowards" into submission.

When "Sheriff" talks to the Anarchs, he pretends to
simply be interested in breaking up their meeting, however his
ulterior motive is to discover if any among them has found out

Ashes to Ashes


that Lodin is missing. He will fish for information by saying
such things as, "Great change is afloat" and "It was a silly plot,
you know." This combined with his innate threats and compul-
sive posturing should get the players to think of him as a
dangerous psychopath. It is his intention to set fire to the
building whether or not the Anarchs are suitably passive or not
— Ballard wants them all dead.

Action

A great deal of interesting and dramatic action takes
place in this Scene. Not only must the characters deal with the
dangers presented by Sheriff when he and his men are inside
(and outside) the brewery, but tensions could also rise to a
dreadful pitch as the Anarchs talk among themselves (see
Dialogue).

At the slightest provocation, Sheriff threatens to order
the building set on fire, but in fact he has no control over it. If
he is not the first person to emerge from the building, then the
retainer on the roof of the restaurant will throw the torch.

Though Sheriff behaves and speaks with great arro-
gance, if he believes that the Anarchs could actually do some-
thing to cause his retainer to throw the torch, he will immediately
fall apart. He will beg, threaten and agree to almost anything in
order to save his own life. All he wants to dois be the firstto leave
the building, but of course, once he does, he will immediately
jump for roof of the restaurant and yell for the retainer to throw
the torch.

In order to outrace the flames, each character will need
to accumulate 5-10 successes (depending on how many others
are in front) by rolling Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty of 8).
This indicates that they have run across the roof and leapt to one
of the nearby buildings.

Characters

Sheriffisa character who reappears in various sections
of this story (including the Flashback). Use the information
presented here to properly roleplay him when the characters
interact with him. The men with Sheriff are mere mortals, so
look in Vampire for information about such individuals.

Sheriff (Belthazar)

Apparent Age: 35 (Born: 1834)

The Embrace: 1869

Generation: Tenth

Clan: Brujah

Description: Sheriff is slightly overweight and
speaks with a comical Southern accent whenever it suits him.
All those who have dealt with him know thata sinister, cruel man
lies beneath this apparent jocularity. He customarily dresses in
a suit, though he always wears cowboy hats.

Ashes to Ashes

f= VAMPIRE=—=s

Balthazar

Attributes: +
Social Mental
Penepln

0
Intelligence,
Wi Wy

x.

Charisma,
Manipulation,

Appearance,

‘Abilitics
‘Talents ‘Skills
Acting. 0000 Animal Ken, 00000
Alertness. 9000 Drie. #0000

‘Athleues

e000 Rulti 20000
Advantages ~t
Backgrounds Virtues

Conscience,

ntrol

x

t
Fo-Other Traitse fe Humanity——*

‘00000 mae Brised =O
oeee8 eee eco00000 mee ia
joauon, Injred 2 0
0009 «| P= Willpower ——- Wounded 3 O

Mauled 4 0

bat—=#- © © © © 00000 tea 30

See | GOOOOOO00O Incapocitated O

"fom Experie

ma

-#e==Blood Pool=--

SIP Se See ee |

21

22

}-—— VAMPIRE——=+

Damien
z
5
Mental
Re een
be eee
Wie Shem —eeees
4
t
Knowledge
soe re
Pepen see
Law_ 0000

Linguists 00000

Medicine 00000

20000

s Polltcs 0000
‘Survival. 00000 — Science. .00000
Advantag. $
Backgrounds Virtues
Contact #0000 eeeeo
Mentor eee00 — SelfControl____eo000

00000

00000 00000 — Courage, oo

+. ce

in =

te-Other Traits- = -Fe—Humanity—-e te Health

tO Trivia 00

MOT, — pete we eee e0000 ae
0000 Igued 2 0
30000 tee Willpower meet Wounded 3 0
+—— Combate OOO BO OCO0 Mauled 4 0
Crippled 5 O
fom pepe) OOOOOOOOoO Tepes

Aube 757 Abies: 14995 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: $ Vitues: 10 Freebie Pot: 15 (79/21)

-f=Blood Pool=ec
eoccccccce

Foe Experience mmo

Demeanor: Conniver
Nature: Curmudgeon

Notes: Among the Anarch he prefers to be known as
"Sheriff" but his real name is Belthazar and this is what he is
known as among the Elders. As soon as he arrived in a
rebuilding Chicago a few years after the end of the Civil War, ex-
plantation owner Jeremy Collins becamea part of thecity. After
anumber of successful years building a protection racket he was
turned into a Vampire by one the Anarchs of the city. He was
eventually accepted by the new Prince of the city, Lodin, and
became the assistant of Lodin's neonate, Ballard. The new
Prince saw in Jeremy a strong-arm who would be willing to
enforce the policies of the new organization, Taking the nick-
name Sheriff, Jeremy has ever since been a strong supporter of
Lodin and Ballard and has served him in many capacities.
Taking the name Belthazar for a short time during the Cold War
years, Jeremy served as one of Lodin's Eyes (watchers of
various regions of the city), and thus he is privy to a great deal
of information concerning the control of local politics that Lodin
has established.

Roleplaying Tips: Be pushy, taking up as much
of character's physical space as possible. Let your arrogance
and malevolence show in your voice. Speak with a slow
southern drawl.

Damien

Apparent Age: 14 (Born: 1954)
The Embrace: 1968
Generation: Sixth (!)

Clan: Brujah

Description: Though he seems young, Damien's
early Generation makes him extremely potent. He has pitch-
black hair and wide eyes that seem to absorb everything that
goes on around him. His clothing is always of the latest fashion
and is invariably ostentatious and utterly without taste. He talks
and acts big, but the core of undeveloped youth is still within
him.

Demeanor: Gallant

Nature: Child

Notes: Damien is a man trapped in a fourteen-year
old boy's body, who has gained an enormous amount of con-
fidence after living as a Vampire for over twenty years. He was
Embraced in the late sixties by a Brujah ofa very early Generation
who is in fact one of the most powerful of the Primogen in
Chicago. Taken from his home, his Sire performed the Embrace
in a stupor and did not stick around to help the young boy
through the trauma of the experience. He still has not been
presented to the Prince, so Damien knows little about the society
of Elders except what he has been taught by constant persecu-
tion. Sheriff seems to have it in for him and will go to any length

Ashes to Ashes

tomake Damien's life miserable —he has no idea how powerful
Damien really is (due to his early Generation), but just knows
that he is hard to kill. Damien has been a street waif without a
permanent Haven ever since his Embrace, but he has still not
come to terms with his need for blood. He overcompensates for
his shortcomings by presenting himself as an unquenchable,
unconquerable force — his ego has no bounds. Damien is
almost Toreador-like in his quest for pleasure, though his pursuit
of pleasure cannot equal his rebelliousness. Underneath his
bravado, Damien is a very decent individual with a highly
developed sense of honor. Recently, he has made friends with
one of the Elders of the city, a Malkavian named Johann, who
has done much to educate Damien in the ways of the Kindred.

Roleplaying Tips: Act much tougher than your ap-
pearance might suggest — you swing your weight around as
muchas possible. Don't take gruff from anyone without giving
some back. You always try to pick up the women whom you
meet and nobly ignore it when they reject you.

Neon (Ffimmy Holcomb)

Apparent Age: 7 (Born: 1984)

The Embrace: two weeks ago

Generation: Twelve

Clan: Caitiff

Description: Neon has the body of a small boy,
seven years old. He has uncombed brown hair and a face that
seems perpetually laden with fear and surprise.

Demeanor: Conformist

Nature: Child

Notes: Neon was Jimmy Holcomb, a seven-year old
boy who was recently adopted by Damien. As part of a normal
upper-middle class, white family, Jimmy was on his way home
late at night when he was spied by Damien. The Caitiff
insinuated himself into Jimmy's family using his Dominate
Discipline tomake everyone think he was Jimmy' s older brother.
But Damien eventually tired of living with the family and
decided to leave. However, after he left, one of Sheriff's bully
boys attacked the family, murdering all of them in a horrible
blood bath, and as a last stroke Embraced poor little Jimmy.
Damien learned about the "ritual killings" from the news and
found the boy days later, living in a culvert and drinking the
blood of squirrels. Ever since, he has protected Jimmy, now
named Neon, and sought to hide him from the hated Elders who
would doubtless kill such an abomination. Jimmy is severely
scarred from his experienced and has been permanently trau-
matized by what he has witnessed.

Roleplaying Tips: You are very quiet and will
only talk to Damien, and even then only in a whisper. Give
yourself very big and fearful eyes, and never ever relax.

Ashes to Ashes

20000 Charisma 20000 Pemeption
Desens SUPER e@00 Manipulation #0000
s [90000 Appearance e000
x
Abilities:
Talents Skills Knowledge
00000 Animal Ken 00000 8 00000
Alertne {80000 Dene. (00000 Computer. (00000
‘Adhletics. 80000 Etquctic (80000 Finance (00000
Baw 80000 Ficarms. {00000 kmvestipii (00000
($0000 Melee 00000 Lav. {00000
Empathy, 00000 Musk 30000 Linas (00000
Intimidation——00000 Repair. 90000 Medicine, ‘00000
Leadership 100000 Security (00000 Ocul ‘0000
Strcctwise (20000 Stealth e000 Politic (00000
Subtesfage 00000. Sunal 00000 Scene, 00000
z-
= -Advantag ss
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Celerity ‘0000 Mentor #0000 Conscience, °
80000 00000 |
00000 00000 Self Contr 2000
00000 0000 Comnge 9000

x

x.
5
sfo-Other Traits
00000

00000

00000

-Fe—Combat er

Fweagee [outing Damage

Fo—Humanity® Fe Health a

eeevecesece Biesieed
Hut 4
Inpred 2
Fone Willpower me Wounded 3
eeee000000
ooooo0o0000

+t2==Blood Poolmee#

[=]
Q
ie]
5

-Foe=Experiencemect

eee oe LC

Aruibues: 75/3 Abies: 139/5 Disiplies:3 Rockgrounds $ Virwes: 10 Freebie Pins: 13 7/91)

+

23

Scene Four:

The False Prince
Plot

As part of the continuing run-around that Ballard is
giving the characters, an imposter will meet and talk with them
atthe Field Museum. The imposter, Lieutenant Neally Edwards,
will pretend to be Lodin and will carry onaconversation with the
characters. He will talk earnestly about the message they have
from Modius in an attempt to determine exactly what they want.

Ultimately, Neally will reveal that he is not the Prince
of Chicago, but confirms that he will clear them for a talk with
Lodin himself. However, the place and time of the scheduled
meeting will not be to the liking of the characters.

Setting

The Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago is
located on the shore of Lake Michigan. It's a huge and
impressive stone building, surrounded on all sides by large
parking lots, roads and nearby Lake Shore Drive. The museum
is certainly closed to the public at 3 a.m. The museum is
protected by night security, but the guards are all under the
control of the Elders of the city and Neally has let them know to
expect guests. Though Elders can often be found wandering the
dark halls of the museum atnight, no one is there this night. Most
of them are at the Opera or Theatre, or have stayed home, sensing
that something dangerous is in the air. This place is officially
part of the Elysium and is therefore off limits to any sort of
Kindred conflict on pain of Blood Hunt (of course, the charac-
ters aren't likely to know this).

Make sure you get across the ambiance of the deserted
museum. Its spooky corners, the weird shadows, the lofty
ceilings, the hollow echoes, the heavy marbled floor and Doric
columns. This is what will give this Scene most of its atmo-
sphere.

As planned, Neally ("The Prince") is waiting for the
characters by the huge display of a mastodon's reconstructed
skeleton. This display is in the first floor lobby and should not
be hard to locate. Other areas of the museum contain displays
of rocks and gems, stuffed modern mammals in their natural
terrain, volcanoes, Native Americans, mummies, dinosaurs and
more. A McDonald's can also be found in the museum.

Dialogue

Once they locate the mastodon skeleton, the characters
also find Neally Edwards and may speak with him. He is
standing with his back to them and seems to be looking up at a
gigantic mural of the evolution of man. He will begin to speak

24

with his back still tumed to them and will turn around only after
a few minutes, which will make his youthful visage quite
apparent. Remember to always refer to Edwards as "The
Prince" until his cover is blown — just say "the Prince this" and
"the Prince that" and they'Il fall for the hoax — hook, line and
sinker. If the characters don't realize it on their own, Neally will
eventually tell them that he is not really Lodin near the end of the
conversation, However once his masquerade is revealed, he is
very nonchalant about it and tells them that he pretended to be
Lodin in order to protect his Sire from impostors and those who
would simply waste the time of the Prince.

Neally will prefer to speak with a Ventrue character,
and after that a character from the Tremere Clan. He will not
trustanyone who is aggressive and will bother to speak only with
the calmest and most straightforward of the characters.

The conversation before this unveiling will likely
revolve around Neally's questions about why the characters are
in Chicago. He will be very curious about Modius and his state
of sanity, and will ask some very pointed questions about him.
Gently probing the whole time, Neally seeks to gain as much
information about the characters and the situation in Gary. He
will use every trick and deception in the book in order to get more
out of the characters. Neally is very concerned about the
disappearance of Lodin (it puts him and the rest of his Lodin's
Brood in a very precarious situation) and seeks to use the
characters to both garner information about Lodin's disappear-
ance — he will quickly realize that the characters didn't do it,
but still thinks that somehow they must be tied into the whole
strange situation. However, Ballard made it clear to Neally just
before this meeting that they must be sent to him, via pickup at
Soldier Field, for interrogation, Thus, even if the characters are
really obnoxious during this meeting, Neally will okay a face-to-
face with the "real" Prince.

However, the characters will not appreciate the full
circumstances of the meeting. Neally tells them they must go to
Soldier Field and wait on the 50-yard line. Just before dawn,
they will be picked up in a protected helicopter and flown to a
safe place to rest. The helicopter method is dangerous, Edwards
agrees, but it is a way to make sure they cannot harm the Prince
since theyll be sleeping. Edwards will appear incredibly
insulted if the characters mention fearing for themselves while
they sleep in strange surroundings. The Lieutenant simply
responds that if they cannot trust the hospitality of the Prince,
then they have no right to speak with him at all. If he likes the
characters, Neally will tell them not to worry, and may even
offer to go with them, asa way to secure their safety. If they have
been arrogant and combative, he will order them to meet the
helicopter and threaten them with dire circumstances if they
don't. "This is our city and we control every street, don't
attempt to disobey the word of the Prince."

Ashes to Ashes

Drama

The only drama required of the characters in this Scene
is breaking into the museum. Of course, all the characters have
to do to enter the building is approach the front door and knock.
When a guard comes, all they have to say is something like
"We're here to see the Prince" or "We need to speak with
Lodin." However, it is likely that the players will try to break in
or fool the guards in some way. Breaking in won't be easy,
though certainly the security systems are notas good as the ones
on the Art Museum (dinosaur bones aren't worth as much as
Picasso's paintings), they aren't easy to crack either. If the
characters show any of their powers to the guards, such as
Domination, the guards will let them in immediately, knowing
them to be one of the "masters."

Characters

The only character of importance in this Scene is
Neally Edwards, the Prince imposter, and he is described below.
The guards should not be considered as retainers of any one
Vampire, but as being heavily Dominated by a number of
different Elders and conditioned to never speak about what they
see at night. Indeed, these guards are so well conditioned that
they forget each morning everything strange that they witness
the previous night. This museum is one of the most favored
retreats and meeting spots of the Elders, and they maintain it
well.

Neally Edwards

Apparent Age: 33 (Born: 1863)

The Embrace: 1896

Generation: Eighth

Clan: Ventrue

Description: Neally is a tall, somewhat slender
man. Before being Embraced, Neally was prematurely balding,
though he wears a high-quality and well-fit hairpiece that hides
this fact. He typically dresses in a double-breasted suit and wing
tips — his appearance is as impeccable as a TV host.

Demeanor: Architect

Nature: Traditionalist

Notes: A very reliable servant of Lodin with only
moderate ambitions of his own at the present — Neally is a
perfect subordinate for the Prince. Since Neally is also intelli-
gent, Lodin can trust him with important and complicated
missions. Neally does not deal much with the world of mortals
any more. He is usually too busy performing business for Lodin
to do much other than Feed every couple of nights. Imagine
Neally to be Lodin's chief bureaucrat, though he is officially a
Lieutenant. Neally is the leader of Lodin's current group of
Fledglings (Ballard is a member of Lodin's first group, created

Ashes to Ashes

Mental

Peston,
Inicio Reap owe
Wits,

‘Athletics
Brawl

Dodes
Empathy.

Intimidation.

Leadership,

Streetwise

Subterfuge

#=Other Traits-=
00000
00000
00000
——__ 0000
-Fe—Combat
Ss

fo=—Humanity——
eeeceee000
f= Willpower——t
eeeee00000
oooo000000

-2--Blood Pool

Ausibetes 75/3 Abilies 19915 Disciplines: 3 Backgroondc $ Vieuex: 10 Frebie Point: 15 (/S72/1)

25

years and years ago). Thus, he is of high Generation, but is very
young in years and has had little practical experience.
Roleplaying Tips: Play with your imaginary (or
real) tie while you speak, and cock your head very slightly while
you listen to others speak. Though you may speak softly, you do
not allow yourself to be interrupted — you simply keep talking
if someone else begins to speak. You are a powerful Kindred,
a member of the illustrious Ventrue Clan. Though you do not
flaunt your power, you will not tolerate disrespect either.

Scene Five:
Monsters on the Midway
Plot

This is the end of the road for the characters in this
chapter. It could be the end of the characters as well. The whole
point of the night is to make it strike home to the characters just
whose turf Chicago is. Neally couldn't get the "confession" out
of the characters, so Ballard wants to scare it out of them.

A helicopter will arrive a few minutes prior to dawn.
Ballard's goal is to scare the characters so that he can better
question them as to Lodin's disappearance — the Kindred of

26

Chicago and Gary have long been at odds, so it is logical to
suspect them. Besides, Ballard knows it might be handy to have
scapegoats for the disappearance of Lodin in case things start to
get ugly. The burns they receive will be a constant reminder of
his dominance. He would like it if they got inside the helicopter
just moments before they were burned, but he believes that one
or two bums will make them even more amenable to his threats.

It is likely that some characters will refuse to get on
board the helicopter — though Ballard does not expect it, you
should. It would be classic roleplayers behavior. In sucha case
however, Belthazar will order his men to open fire and take any
action necessary to capture them. The characters are stuck and
itis not likely they can escape, but then again, if they had wanted
to escape, they wouldn't be at the stadium just before morning
in the first place

Even if the characters escape the football stadium, they
willbe in dire straights. If they don'thave their own transportation,
then they will trapped in the stadium where they will certainly
be found by security or Belthazar's men during the day.

Setting

Just south of the Field Museum along Lake Shore
Drive is Soldier Field, the home field for the awesome, Central
Division Champion, Packer-stomping Chicago Bears. Like any
other football stadium, Soldier Field is huge. It's an old structure
and unlike some modern football stadiums, Soldier Field is not
domed. The football field is open to the sky (and the sun!) and
the grass is real, not astroturf. It is not hard to imagine what it
is like, just watch a game on TV some Sunday afternoon in the
Fall and you' ll get the idea.

Dialogue

Though words might be exchanged, for the most part
there is no one to interact with in this Scene, it's all drama.

Drama

After several Scenes of being lulled into a false sense
of security within Chicago, the characters will now leam how
truly dangerous a city it can be, especially for Neonates from
Gary who resist the will of the Elders.

The characters may enter the stadium any number
ways. The easiest methods involve breaking down an entrance
door or scaling the outside wall of the stadium. Either of those
two methods will require successful rolls, but neither should
prove much of an obstacle to an appropriately muscled or
talented character. There are two security guards watching the
stadium that will try to scare away the characters. The Vampires
should have little trouble taking care of the guards before

Ashes to Ashes


support is called in. However, if the characters kill the guards,
you should have them make a Humanity roll (use Conscience,
difficulty 7).

If the characters are willing to heed the instructions of
Neally, they will wait on the 50-yard line of the football field for
a helicopter to pick them up and take them to see the Prince of
Chicago. Assuming the characters arrive early enough, they
should have time to choose their positions in the stadium.

Dawn on this morning comes at 5:59 a.m., but don't tell
the characters the exact time. If they are still on the field or in
the open when this time comes, then they will begin to take
damage from the sun. However, they will have every reason to
believe that they will be safe. A few moments before dawn, a
large helicopter will fly from the east (Lake Michigan) and
hover over Soldier Field. The helicopter is a Chicago Police
copter and has an enclosed portion in the rear where the char-
acters will be protected from sunlight. The helicopter will
slowly circle the interior of the stadium until all the characters
(as accounted by Edwards) are on the 50-yard line. A loud-
speaker from the copter will announce this requisite before it
will land.

If the characters do not resist the invitation to board the
copter at the last moment, then there will be no problems. Dawn
will break just as the copter sets down and the characters will
have to withstand a round of indirect sunlight as the landing
takes place. The copter will land, a side door will slide open, and
the characters will be allowed on board. They will then doubt-
lessly fall asleep quite quickly as day has come and they will
awaken the next evening in a room on soft couches from where
they will be driven to meet Ballard for dinner at Daley's as
discussed in Scene Seven. If a character tries to stay awake,
simply have Belthazar attempt to Dominate them and make
them sleep, or have Neally come in and tell them to relax.

However, if the characters do not take advantage of the
invitation, especially after they see about six SWAT men inside
the copter, then the copter will lift back into the air as the SWAT
men repel to the ground. Ballard has given strict orders that the
copter is not to be endangered. The men are actual SWAT
officers and they are all armed with automatic weapons.

The characters are now stranded in the middle of a
football field in the light of the rising sun, facing six well-armed
men. The nearest cover is a large tunnel on the north end of the
stadium that allows access to the player locker rooms and
administrative offices. From mid-field, this is a 70 yard run.
Each character will sustain damage from the sunlight every
round until he reaches this cover. It requires 14 successes on a
Dexterity + Athletics roll to succeed (difficulty of 6).

The sunlight should become slightly more deadly
every passing round. Remember that characters will have less
dice to roll as they take damage and will thus move more slowly.
Ifa straggler is completely immobilized, the others will have to
decide whether or notto go back for their comrade. If they decide

Ashes to Ashes

itis too risky, you may require Courage rolls to avoid going into
Frenzy over purposefully leaving a companion to the agony of
the sunlight.

Once the characters have reached the safety of an
enclosed area, they will still have to deal with the gunmen (it's
unlikely that many characters will battle the gunmen on the open
football field). It would be foolish, however, to try to leave the
city during the day, so the characters will have to find some place
to hole-up until nightfall. Soldier Field isas good a place as any,
though they will need to be wary of the security guards, espe-
cially if the guards were encountered earlier in the chapter.

You should refer to the Willpower and Humanity
sections of the rules to determine how long the characters will be
able to remain conscious in daylight. They had better be able to
successfully execute their plan before they all fall asleep.

As long as the characters are simply defending them-
selves and only shooting back in self defense, no Humanity rolls
are required.

Characters

No other Kindred will be met face-to-face in this
Scene. Refer to Vampire for information about the gunmen
(use the statistics presented for SWAT officer).


Belthazar is in constant radio contact with the chopper,
and with two police cars outside of the Stadium, just in case the
characters attempt to leave.

Scene Six: Escape
Plot

If the characters manage to escape the danger on
Soldier Field, then Ballard's men will have to pursue them. If
this means that the characters are frantically driving away from
Soldier Field in a limousine, then the helicopter pilot will pursue
the car. A lone gunman who remained in the helicopter will then
attempt to shoot out the tires of the vehicle. If this is successful,
the characters will once again be contacted via the loudspeaker
and given an opportunity to seek refuge in the copter.

28

If the characters get away, there are any number of
ways to get the players involved in the story again. However,
you will have to work something out yourself, as the potential
actions of the characters are too numerous to predict here.

The players will almost always try to contact the
Anarchs if they escape from Sheriff. The Anarchs will assist the
characters in whatever way they can, and try to get the characters
to find Lodin for them (so that they will gain power). Damien
and Neon may find the characters and decide to help them out.

To make things easy, you can simply have the charac-
ters captured by the police and brought to meet with Ballard,
which is Scene Seven. It would be simple to capture sleeping
Kindred as well, though they would have a chance to wake up.

Ashes to Ashes

Setting

This Scene is a short follow-up to Scene Five, so it
takes place near Soldier Field. The exact circumstances of the
characters will depend on their mode of travel and escape from
the attack on the football field.

Dialogue

Again, you will have to judge any attempts of the
characters to communicate with their pursuers based on the
action of the moment. Keep in mind that Ballard's men are
under orders to return with the characters, so they will make
great efforts to rescue the characters if such becomes necessary.

This Scene should demonstrate to the characters
Ballard's control over the city, though the Anarchs may be a
source of refuge.

Drama

If the characters somehow manage to escape the events
at the stadium, then they have several options. They are most
likely going to leave the city, but their absence in such acase will
be short-lived. Modius will do everything in his power, includ-
ing issuing dire threats of Blood Hunts, if the characters flee the
city. Once they return to Chicago after such an excursion, the
characters should hear from some source (i.e. any Kindred they
meet in the city) that they have a standing dinner invitation with
Ballard at Daley's.

Drama in this Scene will proceed as the actions of the

characters dictate, and it can vary widely. Follow your instincts
and make this Scene as fast-flowing and exciting as possible.

Characters

The pilot of the helicopter is more than likely a Ghoul
in Ballard's employ named Derek (see the Flashback at the end
of this story for game information if it is required). Derek
currently has two Blood Points in his system. The last gunman
is another SWAT Officer, though his Dexterity Attribute is 4.

Thy beauty shall no more be found;
Nor, in thy marble vault, shall sound
My echoing song: then worms shall try
That long preserved virginity;
And your quaint honour turn to dust;
And into ashes all my lust.
The grave's a fine and private place,
But none I think do there embrace.
— Andrew Marvell, Upon Appleton House

Ashes to Ashes

29

Chapter Cnhnree: Co
The BREAKING PoINT

This chapter concerns the detective work of the char-
acters, as they attempt to deduce the location of Lodin and the
names of his kidnappers.

Scene Seven: Dinner Guests
Plot

Assuming that the characters were captured at or near
Soldier Field, they will be brought to a restaurant called Daley's
as dinner guests of Ballard. It is even possible that this Scene
will occur directly after the Brewery Scene.

If the characters did get on board the helicopter, tell
them that they fall asleep and awake the next morning, each in
a sumptuously decorated room. After being given time to
prepare for dinner, they are loaded into a limo and driven the 8
blocks to the restaurant. If they really want to try anything, go
ahead and let them, but make it clear that not only would it be a
bad idea but that they might as well wait it out and see what's
coming.

Over dinner, Ballard will explain the position that the
characters are in— he blames them for the disappearance of the
Prince of Chicago and demands that they immediately release
him. Ballard doesn't really believe this, but he is in a tight spot,
and this is his easiest out. He could become a suspect himself so
he prefers to have easily controlled scapegoats to ensure that he
is not blamed. However, halfway through the meal, Neally
Edwards walks in and tells Ballard that the Primogen have
learned of Lodin's disappearance and wanta search to begin. He
suggests that they use these "Neonates from Gary" to find him.
It's the old "good cop, bad cop" routine, and it should be pretty
obvious to the players.

Setting

Oddly enough, the characters are returned toa site near
an earlier mishap. Daley's, the restaurant where this Scene takes
place, is next door to what little remains of the brewery from
Scene Four. Daley's is a very exclusive establishment. The
clientele is upper-class and social manners are at a premium

30

here. The Maitre d' is extremely proper, but will immediately
know who the characters are and why they are here. He will
attempt to give those men without ties and jackets such accou-
trements which he has in the cloak room, but will not know what
to do about women who are not properly dressed. However, he
will eventually let them all into the dinning room even if they are
not in proper attire (though this will draw many stares from the
other customers).

After the characters arrive, they are taken by the Maitre
d' toa large table in almost the exact center of the place. Above
the table is a skylight (it has been replaced if previously broken)
and starlight sprinklesintotheroom. Atthe table isan enormously,
grossly fat man — an obese Kindred. This is Ballard, and
obscene amounts of food have already been placed before him,
indeed the table is covered with dishes of different varieties of
food, many of them scraped clean (a fact that will be obvious to
any character with a Perception of 4 or more.

Drama

Ideally no action should break outin this Scene, though
a fight is certainly possible. If the characters do force a
confrontation with Ballard, then it will be the last mistake of
their troubled existences. Ballard has plenty of retainers stationed
throughout Daley's, including his lackey Belthazar. These
retainers will work to keep Ballard safe and will probably attack
thecharacters, though thatis not their primary orders—protecting
Ballard is. Police will be summoned immediately by the Maitre
d', but Ballard will not press charges and asks that Daley's does
not pursue the matter either. He will pay for all damages.

The characters, however, will be punished. Such a
break of the Masquerade is inexcusable and the players will have
to learn that such is not accepted within Kindred society. Ballard
will request a Blood Hunt, and in the absence of the Prince, will
call a meeting of the Primogen. The next night, at the Opera,
they will meet and will more than likely call the Blood Hunt
unless the characters are very crafty talkers. The players'
characters will be targeted by every Kindred in Chicago and
eventually someone will succeed. If the characters leave Chi-
cago, they will still be hunted. An outright attack in the sight of
mortals is an affront that none will allow. The rest of your
Chronicle will become one of chase and pursuit until the

Ashes to Ashes

characters are ultimately killed. The characters will be blamed
for Lodin's disappearance as well, and no attempts will be made
to find him.

Dialogue

The conversation begins friendly enough, butit is soon
clear that Ballard has a grim future in mind for the upstarts from
Gary. In a very matter-of-fact manner, he explains how the
Prince of the Chicago is missing — kidnapped from his own
Haven — "somehow, you creatures entered his Haven during
the day and ripped off the steel door." How or why someone
could pull off such a feat is a mystery, but it is clear that the
Kindred of Gary have much to gain by it. It's such a shame that
those audacious enough to kidnap the Prince must be eliminated,
but there really is no choice. At this point, Ballard becomes
haughty and seems quite pleased to have the Neonates from
Indiana here. The Prince's disappearance so soon after the
characters "invaded" Chicago turf must be no coincidence —
they are at fault and must pay.

Ballard will patiently listen to explanations from the
characters that they know nothing about the disappearance of
Lodin, but when they are finished he will only laugh and say,
"You young ones must be crafty to be able to kidnap Lodin atall,
but I'm afraid your quick tongues will not get you out of this
trouble." Slowly, they will have to piece together the story that
2 days ago, Lodin was taken from his Haven during the day
while he slept, but it is thought that he is still alive.

Any statements (or pleas or threats) from the characters
protesting their innocence fall on deaf ears. Evenif the characters
did not commit this act, their mere presence demands "justice"
be meted out by this Lieutenant, let alone the coincidence that
they were in town when the Prince was abducted. Ballard fully
intends to make the Neonates pay.

About halfway through the conversation, Neally comes
into the restaurant and sits down near Ballard. He announces
that he has told the Primogen about the disappearance of Lodin
and that the characters must be freed to look for Lodin. "If we
look for him ourselves, everyone will know thatsomething is up.
Since it is the Primogen's will to keep this information to
themselves for a few days at least, we have that long to find him
before suspicions are raised. We have no other choice."

In the end Ballard, agrees and allows Neally to let the
characters go. However, he is very concerned that word might
leak out about Lodin. He tells the characters "I will destroy you
with my own hands if any among you speak to anyone about this
fact. No one must know about the disappearance of Lodin, do
I make myself clear?"

Any one of the Ventrue Clan (and of moderate to good
standing within that Clan) will be treated with grudging
friendliness by Ballard. They will not be directly threatened and
Ballard will embrace any move they make to separate them-

Ashes to Ashes

selves from the other characters. However, he will require this
character to tell him all that she knows and to support him against
the other characters.

Remember, Ballard is an incredibly huge man, so he
talks with a very low voice, and as he is not in the least kindly
disposed to the characters, he will come across as cruel and
threatening. He will tell them that they will serve as fine
scapegoats, even if they are not the guilty ones.

If the characters persist in denying that they ever
kidnapped the Prince, then Ballard will angrily explain that even
if they did not, they are being blamed. If the characters don't
have Lodin, they had best find out who does or where he is by
the same deadline. Ballard will eventually relate that Lodin was
snatched from one of his Havens in a downtown condominium.

During the conversation, a waiter will tend to any
needs the characters have. Though he already has several empty
and some partially full plates in front of him, Ballard will ask that
the table be cleared and he will eatagain with the characters. The
characters, who should know that Kindred are unable to keep
anything but blood in their system, may try to shirk ordering any
food, but Ballard will prove how serious he is on maintaining
this part of the Masquerade when the waiter first arrives with a
bottle of wine the Lieutenant ordered before the characters
arrived. Ballard will request that one of the characters taste the
wine for him. Ballard will glare accusingly at the characters
until the taste is taken and he will cause a scene if the character
continues torefuse. "Remember our game," Ballard willremind
the character.

When the wine is tasted or later when the food is
ordered, the characters will have to spend a Willpower point in
order to keep from vomiting the food. When the waiter is not
nearby, Ballard will ask any characters who do not eat if they
would rather be slain tonight. The characters may note that
Ballard has absolutely no trouble shovelling the food away. The
grossly fat giant has been eating like this for years and no longer
needs to spend Willpower to keep it down. Later on, he too will
need to disgorge the food, but he can retain it within his
cavernous stomach for hours on end. Never, ever let the players
in on this, but rather make them think that he somehow digests
it—don't give away his secret, it will make him less monstrous.

As the dinner is about to conclude, and after each
character has been forced to spendat least three or four Willpower
toeat enough food to maintain the Masquerade in Ballard's eyes,
the Lieutenant introduces Belthazar, a Kindred who will ac-
company them as they recover Lodin. If they have been at the
Brewery, they will have met him already, but he would have
called himself Sheriff there.

Ifthe characters request it, and what other possible lead
do they have to follow, then Ballard will give Belthazar permission
to take the characters to the downtown Haven of Lodin to begin
their search. After granting such permission, though, Ballard
will add, "As if you didn' talready know where heis. Donotplay

31

32

your game past tomorrow night, Neonates." Once this has been
agreed upon, the characters are released in the care of Belthazar
and are free to begin their investigation. "If you don'treturn him
to us, we will hunt you down no matter where you are. The
Primogen have given me that much authority at least."

Characters

Details of Belthazarare related in Scene Three, though only
sketchy information concerning Ballard is presented. This
Lieutenant will be dealt with primarily in the the upcoming
sourcebook Chicago by Night.

Scene Eight: Vacant Haven
Plot

During this Scene, the characters will have the op-
portunity to gather clues concerning the disappearance of Prince
Lodin. The characters are given an opportunity to explore and
examine the Haven of the Prince of Chicago. Due to the
circumstances that follow, they will be unable to follow up on
any of the clues, but later in the story, the opportunity to put this
knowledge to use will arise. One retainer was killed during the
attack and the body has not yet been moved, the only other
retainer, Natasha, is in shock and it will be difficult to question
her.

Belthazar should grate on the character' s nerves during
the entire visit here. He will never suggest when speaking to
them, he will only demand. Also, since he considers himself an
Elder, he will constantly talk down to the characters (unless one
of the characters is a Ventrue, in which case he will treat them
with reluctant respect). It is important for the story that the
players begin to despise Belthazar, but you need to make it clear
that it would be a very bad idea to harm him.

We explain exactly how Roarke was able to kidnap
Prince Lodin, so use that information to answer the questions of
the players. You are encouraged to add any details of yourown
and may even decide to throw in a red herring or two. Who
knows what the characters could discover while given free run
of a Prince's Haven. This may be a once-in-a-lifetime oppor-
tunity for them, and it's a plot device that you shouldn't ignore.
Perhaps there is something in one of the files in his work study
that could lead to a future story, or perhaps there is a file on one
of the characters . . .

Setting

The Haven is currently unoccupied. It is a luxury
apartment on the third highest floor (107th) of the Sears Tower

Ashes to Ashes


in Chicago. Lodin has used this space as a Haven periodically
for the last couple decades and earlier on he renovated it to suit
his needs. The indoor plaza is vast and spectacular, and the
elevators going up are all double-decker. Five police officers
patrol the atrium to Lodin's Haven and allow the characters to
enter only because Belthazar is with them. They know nothing
about what has occurred here, but have been stationed here
constantly since the Ventrue first leamed that Lodin was missing.

There are nine rooms in all and they cover the entire
space of the floor, except for the elevator shafts (in the northeast
comer) anda long hallway thatruns along the whole eastern side
of the floor (this means there are no windows in the apartment
from the east, so the rising sun is less likely to catch the Prince
as he hurries for cover in an emergency).

The layout is extremely regular and consists of three
tows of three rooms each. The basic design is a ring of eight
rooms surrounding acentral secured area in which Lodin actually
sleeps. This central room is actually a tightly-sealed, steel
reinforced vault with a seven ton door and a time lock that can
be activated only from the inside. Entrance was once only
possible with the proper combination but now the door lies on
the ground, tom partly from its hinges.

The nine rooms that make up Lodin's Haven are the
following:

+ Entry Chamber — a highly-decorated room with
furniture of the variety not intended to actually be used. Expen-
sive and original paintings line the walls, most of them of the
Renaissance painters.

+ Dining Room — a table large enough to seat ten
dominates this area. The table is always completely set and the
dinnerware is exquisite — real silverware, priceless European
crystal, etc. However, close examination shows the table cloth
tobe full of dustand the silverware and plates here to be flawless,
complete without chips or scratches (and thus obviously, they
have never been used).

+ Kitchen— Lodin doesn' tneed to eat, buthis retainers
do. They were free to stack the pantry here as they desired.

+ Library — a large reading library and wonderful
stereo system outfitthis room. Itcanalso be used as aconference
room. There are five phones available, each on a different line.

+ Retainers' Room — a bedroom and living area for
Lodin's current retainers. Lodin doesn't often use this luxury
apartment for extended times, but this area is spacious enough
to comfortably accommodate six grown men.

* Office — this area is Lodin's working area while
staying here. The shelves and cabinets are primarily empty, but
some documents of interestare kepthere. Among these records
is information about the Havens of some of the more prominent
members of the Chicago Kindred. This room also contains the
sole entrance into the central vault. On the wall are two original
Rembrandt's, but only a character familiar with art history
would recognize them as such.

Ashes to Ashes

A dead body of a man lies hunched over the desk, sitting in
the leather chair, a bullet through his head. There is blood all
over the carpets.

Onaside table there is an omate chess set, with stylized
playing pieces carved of ivory and what seems to be ebony. It
is set up in a game, at a point called the "end game." Beside it is
a letter post marked from London with a short handwritten
message inside, written in what appears to be a woman's hand.
It states, "Here is one I thought you might be interested in,
black's move, mate in four. Can you see it, dear custos?" It is
unsigned. If you have any chess aficionados in your troupe, you
might wish to actually set up the game with your own chess set
to let them try to figure out the chess puzzle — see the diagram
on page 79 for a description of the piece layout.

« Security Room — From this room, Lodin's retainers are
able to monitor the pictures from cameras that are in every room
of the luxury apartment. Also, one of the security specialists in
Lodin's employ managed to connect the equipment in this room
with the security cameras throughout the entire building. All of
the video tape from the cameras is kept on shelves here for a
period of six months, after which it is recycled. One retainer is
always on duty at the cameras, and by using the Discipline
Dominate, Lodin has deeply set the suggestion for all guards to
be very attentive while on duty. By placing such retainer-related
areas on each side of his own work space, Lodin better ensured
his own safety.

+ Game Room — Lodin never forgets that his retainers
require entertainment, so he makes sure that this room is
outfitted with the very best in modern entertainment equipment.
Arcade games, a pool table, and a satellite-connected television
are just some of the items. The decorations are extremely garish,
with many beer and plane posters stuck haphazardly on the wall.

+ Vault — Finally, the vault itself. As impossible as it may
seem considering the apparent strength of the door, the vault has
been ripped open and the door is ajar, so the characters will be
able toenter. While the interior of the vault is as spacious as any
of the other rooms, there is very little in here. A huge waterbed
sits in the center and it's obvious that the floor has been
reinforced to withstand the weight. A private phone, two pairs
of manacles on the wall, some personal memorabilia, and an
IBMcomputer system round out the contents. The manacles are
an emergency measure to use in case Lodin was ever forced to
survive a siege of the apartment. Two mortals would be locked
in with him and they would be replenishing sources of suste-
nance. Near the vault door is also a panel of sophisticated
machinery that can be manipulated to lock the vault door from
the inside and override any commands, no matter how valid,
from the outside to enter the vault.

33

Sitting ona shelf at the head of the bed is a pendant with
a huge tooth hanging at the end. The "tooth" is actually made of
black onyx. The chain is made of silver and looks very old. (This
pendant is magical and it allows anyone wearing it over their
heart to sense what the person holding its twin is doing — the
other pendant is currently worn by the Methuselah found in
Scene Fourteen.

The Kidnapping

The best way to introduce this Scene to you is to
explain the steps by which Roarke was able to pull off the
seemingly impossible kidnapping of the Prince of Chicago.
Evenifhe was able to get up to the apartmentand past the guards,
how was he able to overcome Lodin himself? This explanation
is very important when characters begin to use Auspex (the
spirit's touch) to determine who last held certain objects and
what they were doing at the time.

Roarke had one big benefit on his side when he set out
tokidnap Lodin— two of the retainers on the Prince's staff were
old friends of his from way back when Roarke was a retainer of
Lodin as well (see the optional Villain's Flashback for more
details). Since one of them had turned into a security expert,
Roarke suspected that she would be on duty in the Security
Room during the day, when Lodin was most vulnerable. It was
a gamble, but it paid off.

Once inside the building, Roarke made his way to the
hallway of Lodin's floor while under the cover of his Obfuscate
powers. Suddenly appearing and looking into the camera in the
hallway, Roarke spoke to the person who he knew was watching
him. He asked to be let into the Haven because he had some vital
information to tell Lodin. He said he had been undercover for
many years now, and had finally madea breakthrough. Roarke's
great Presence powers helped to disarm the observer of any
suspicions.

Natasha, who was at the security console, had not seen
Roarke since he disappeared in England, She allowed him come
in so he could wait for Lodin to awaken the next day. Once
inside, or rather once face-to-face with his old friend, Roarke
used his powerful Dominate Discipline to force Natasha to
return to her duties, turn off the cameras inside the apartmentand
in the hallway, and to not turn them back on for another hour.

Once again, using his powers of stealth, Roarke slipped
into Lodin's office room and shot Julian Curry who was sitting
in Lodin's leather arm chair smoking a cigar. None of the other
retainers were in the Haven at the time. Roarke then returned to
the vault door, fully summoned the vast powers he had gained
from the Blood of the Methuselah, and ripped the vault door
open.

34

Lodin began to rouse due to this commotion, buthe was
too slow in waking. Roarke was upon him ina flash. Physically
restraining Lodin, he was able to make eye contact. It's unlikely
that any Ghoul could Dominate a Kindred, but when that Ghoul
carries Fourth Generation Blood . . .

After collecting the tapes from the Security Room that
would contain pictures of him, Roarke left with Lodin under his
arm, Safe from being further recorded until he left the hallway,
Roarke invoked the Discipline of Obfuscate once again before
entering the elevator. He than traveled down and out of the
building without being noticed.

Investigation

The search of the Haven should accustom the players
to the many forms of investigation that are open to them as
Kindred. Not only can they make use of their Abilities like
Security and Computers to gain clues, but they can also put the
Discipline of Auspex to excellent use to divine more Kindred-
related information.

Some of the clues they can find are detailed below, but
others will have to be inferred from the story of the kidnapping
(see above). Obviously, some tapes will be missing when the
characters look in the Security Room. The retainers are avail-
able for questioning and they will be as cooperative as possible
inanattemptto gain leniency when/if Lodin is returned, Perhaps
he won't kill them all.

+ Dead Body — If anyone with Investigation closely
examines the body, it can be seen that the body was shot froma
fairly close distance (the wound is very large) witha high calibre
pistol. A cigar can be seen clutched in the body's hand and it
appears to have burned a fairly large hole in some papers on the
desk (papers concerning some stock investments and bank
accounts). Blood has run down from the head and is covering the
man's body and covers the floor around the desk, but by this time
itis mostly dried. His wallet will reveal the dead man's identity
(See the information on Julian Curry on page 66). The body has
been dead for some time now and has begun to stink.

+ Computer inthe Vault —if booted up andinvestigated
(Intelligence + Computers (difficulty 9) to crack the pass codes),
something that will take at least ten minutes since the machine
has an 80 MB hard drive thatis full of various programs and files,
the character may roll Wits + Computers (difficulty 6) to learn
one bit of information of their choice before Belthazar notices
them and declares the computer off limits. For example, the
character could say he found a file that lists the Generation and
Clan of many of the Kindred of the city. The number of
successes rolled determines how much of the information the
character saw and remembers.

+ Admiral Tourney's Journal — this distinctive, leather
bound book was originally purchased by Lodin at an auction in

Ashes to Ashes

London (see the Flashback) and contains notes kept by a British
Admiral in the days leading up to World War I. Tourney was a
prominent member of society, but he was also a respected
member of Arcanum. The journal mostly disappointed Lodin
because it did not fully relate how much this organization might
know about Kindred, but by referring to it, the characters at least
have an opportunity to learn of an organization (the Admiral
simply refers to it as "A") which believes that Vampires, magic
and the like do exist.

Lodin added a final note on the last page of the journal
that reads as follows: "Dedicated to Roarke, a fine retainer who
sacrificed his life to bring me a book of worthless value."

+ A general but careful search of the entire apartment
can reveal to a character skilled in Investigation that only one
man entered the Haven and kidnapped the Prince. This amazing
deduction requires an Intelligence + Investigation roll at diffi-
culty 8. The clues for this include the way the furniture was
thrown around and the scuffs in the carpet.

+ Someone who examines the machines in the Security
Room will be able to determine by checking various internal
system clocks that the cameras inside the Haven and in the outer
hallway were tumed off for about an hour the night of the
abduction. This requires a Perception + Security roll (difficulty
6).

* Anyone who questions Natasha must roll some
combination of Social Attribute and appropriate Talent to get
her to open up. She feels miserable about her failure and though
she does want to help, she is too morose to be much good. The
difficulty of this roll depends on the approach the characters
decide to take. An honest approach meansa difficulty of 6, while
a brutal advance like Manipulation + Intimidation means a
difficulty of 9.

As far as Natasha is concerned, the night passed
uneventfully. She was in the Security Room all nightand cannot
account for what happened. She will deny that the surveillance
equipment was turned off if this information is presented to her,
though she will agree with that conclusion after examining the
equipment herself.

Kindred who use Dominate to question Natasha will
have no better success, though at several points in her train of
thought she will repeat a thought twice. This lapse represents the
deletion of her memory by Roarke and the brain's attempt to
hide it from her. For example, Natasha may recounta dream she
remembers in which she opens a door to enter a dark room and
then opens a door to enter a dark room. The power of Roarke's
Dominate is too great for her to hope to break through and
recover the lost or blocked memory.

Ashes to Ashes

If the characters are getting along nicely with Natasha,
then Belthazar might pipe in and let her know that the players are
the ones responsible forkidnapping Lodin. Evenifthe characters
can convince her how unlikely this is, she will be very suspicious
of them and somewhat angry that she befriended them.

+ A single typed sheet of paper has been neatly set on
one corner of Lodin's desk. The sheet is a report from Edward
Neally to Lodin concerning some activity in a wooded area
northwest of Chicago that smacks of Satanism. "In and of
itself," reads the report, "this isn't a problem. However, two
Elders who claim Auspex power have spoken to me of the matter
and relate that they have detected indications of ‘mystical'
powers there." A map of the Chicago area is underneath this
sheet of paper, and a section of what seems to be woods to the
northwest of the Chicago area is circled in red. It would be easy
for the characters to find their way there.

Lodin has marked the sheet with the letters FLI, "For
Later Investigation."

+ Finally, there is a folder full of information about the
Anarchs of Chicago that a character searching Lodin's work
study can find with a Perception + Bureaucracy roll (difficulty
5). The material is filed in one of the cabinets. Mostly, the
material discusses some of the recent problems that Lodin
attributes to the activity of the Anarchs. Some of the activity is
noted as perhaps breaking the Masquerade. The information is
being noted in case any of the individuals discussed prove more
troublesome later. Thus, a pattern of behavior could be indicated
to a visiting Justicar. There is an interesting note scrawled on
one of the printouts in Lodin's handwriting that says, "When
will they stop? Can theiractivity mean anything butmy eventual
demise?" This note is written ona sheet noting the first word the
Prince received on the meeting that would later occur at the
Brewery. Finally, a character may find a sheet that notes that a
troublesome Anarch, who calls himself Damien, has moved into
Johann's Haven. "A member of my enemy's camp moving in
with one who purports to be neutral? What can this mean?" asks
Lodin's note.

As noted above, Auspex may also be used to gain some
information. Here are some examples of what the characters
might divine:

*Roarke expended a massive amount of extremely
potent Blood to gain the strength to rip the vault door open. Any
Kindred that uses her Auspex Discipline in that area will be
pummeled by the power expended on that spot. If the same
character uses Auspex in Scene Eleven near the spot where the
body of the Methuselah was discovered by the police and gains
amoderate number of successes both times, then she will be able
to determine that the power is of the same "flavor."

3S

Also, a character who scores four or more successes
onan Auspex roll when inside the vault may actually be able to
gain a fuzzy picture of Roarke entering the room and subduing
Lodin. The trail will lead to the elevator, but at that point, even
the best Auspex will not be able to keep the scene from fading
as that's where Roarke reasserted his Obfuscate Discipline.

Dialogue

The only conversation in this Scene other than that
between the characters is the abrasive and abusive speech of
Belthazar, and their questioning of Natasha.

If you notice that one of the players is having a hard
time involving him or herself in the conversations of the other
characters, then take the player to the side and play out this short
side-plot. Tell the player that the phone rings and his character
is nearest to it.

Now you need to concoct some wrong number fiasco
to irritate and frustrate the player. The caller could simply be
looking for someone (e.g. Ken) and has the wrong number, or
you can perpetrate a huge hoax to bewilder the player. If you
decide to use the simple wrong number method, then make sure

36

that the caller doesn't give up, but keeps calling back and
insisting that she has the correct number. Try to excite the
previously reserved player into a shouting match over the phone.
That will loosen the player up in a hurry.

Alternately, you can have some fun at the expense of
the player's sanity. The caller might use some very peculiar
code words when the player answers and then wait for the
appropriate coded response. The caller is merely some under-
ling for an unknown crime ring trying to pass along information
as he was directed to do. The only number he has is Lodin's and
he will try to call over and over to prompt the correctly coded
response. The man might become desperate (does his life
depend on passing along the information?) and cry in fear to the
character, but the man will absolutely not pass along the infor-
mation without the correct code. Play it up as long as it's fun.

Premonition

As the characters leave the Haven and ride the elevator
down to the ground floor, turn to the player who did the least in
the Haven and had the least fun and describe to them the
following premonition: "As you ride down in the elevator, a
wash of nausea comes over you and images begin to fill your
mind. You feel like you are falling, falling, falling. Do youresist
the visions, or do you give in to them?" If the character resists,
tell them only that they see a cave with light shining in overhead
and then let them regain a Willpower point. If the character does
notresist, tell them the following, "You are deep ina pitor some
sort of hole dug into the ground — the rock is cold underneath
your feet. Far above your head, you see a light from a hole in the
ceiling —itis the only entrance to this cave. As you lookaround
you into the rest of the cave, you hear something behind you and
as you turn around, you see this horrible shape charging toward
you. Before you can protect yourself, you are struck down and
feel yourself slowly being torn apart, limb by limb. The image
fades as you desperately attempt to escape this ferocious beast
and preserve your life in the face of a vicious onslaught." Try
to evoke as much fear as you can in your description. Later on,
in Scene Eleven, this will become important (in that scene you
will want to make sure that this character, one way or another,
goes down into the pit — however you should manipulate, not
force).

Characters

The players will be introduced to no new major char-
acters in this Scene. Theretainers are described in the Flashback,
see page 60.

Ashes to Ashes


|
:

Scene Nine:
Rescued from Victory
Plot

This Scene is a stop-gap measure to keep the story
going if the characters get stalled and don't have any clues to
follow. It serves to introduce them to some events that have
taken place behind the scenes thus far. The net result is that the
characters are pulled off course by a major red herring, but as
with most events in this story, this does not happen by pure
chance.

A thorough search of the Prince's Haven should con-
sume most of the remainder of the first night, so when that is
nearing completion, Belthazarrecommends thateveryoneremain
in the Haven during the coming day.

The next night, the players' first impulse may be to
return to The Cave and talk with Horace about possible Anarch
involvement in the disappearance of Lodin. Try to make them
feel the pressure of the deadline and Belthazar will incessantly
remind them that their immortal lives are on the line if Lodin is
not returned by the end of the next night. Keep the pressure on
by making him more and more of an jackass.

Essentially, if the characters get stalled, simply intro-
duce them to this Scene. At some time during the night, the
characters will be saved by those enterprising Anarchs, Damien
and Neon. This "rescue" could come as soon as one of the
following happens in the story: 1) the players decide to follow-
up on the information about the Satanic cult, 2) they leave The
Cave after talking with Horace, or 3) the evening is running out
and the characters are on their last legs, and they have no idea of
what to do next. Rescue comes when Damien attacks and stakes
Belthazar, an event that should generate cheers from the players
if Belthazar has been played to the hilt.

If the characters do not take advantage of this opportu-
nity to remove themselves for at a short time from the watchful
eye of Belthazar, then allow them to proceed as they desire.
However, at the late hour that it is likely to be, Belthazar will
refuse to allow them to follow the lead concerning the Satanic
cult as it is outside of the city and Belthazar cannot allow such
atrip this close to the deadline. If they wish to investigate it, then
he suggests that they have another talk with Ballard who is
enjoying a very late night repast at Daley's. Ballard's actual
decision is up to you since this eventuality is outside the scope
of the flow of this story, but it is most likely that he will try to
capture the characters and then follow up on that lead himself.
Once he discovers that the Prince is indeed there, he will release
any characters who agree to taste his Blood.

Ashes to Ashes

Setting

The locale where this Scene takes place will be differ-
ent for every Storyteller's story (see below). Therefore, you will
have to provide details about the setting based on where the
characters are when you implement it. The best location is
perhaps The Cave, since Anarchs frequent that area.

Drama

Assoonas one of the triggers listed above has occurred,
no matter where the characters are, they will be visited by
Damien and his sidekick, Neon. Just as the characters are
enduring another one of Belthazar's long-winded speeches
about how they had better just take him to Lodin immediately or
they risk missing their deadline, ask everyone to roll Perception
+ Alertness (difficulty 5). From behind Belthazar, Damien
sticks his head around a nearby corner and tries to discretely
draw the characters' attention. Any character who does not roll
at least two successes does not also see the finger Damien has
over his lips asking for silence and draws attention to the fact that
something is behind Belthazar.

Of course, the characters may decide to point Damien
outeven though he is obviously asking for quiet. In sucha case,
or if one of the characters inadvertently draws Belthazar's
attention to him, Damien will duck away and wait for a few
moments to see what happens.

Roll Wits + Alertness (difficulty 6) for Belthazar if he
is alerted to Damien's presence. With three successes, he sees
Damien when he whirls around. Belthazar will thereafter be
unable to be taken by surprise by Damien and Neon, so the two
Anarchs will need the help of the characters in order to stake
Belthazar. Otherwise, he laughs at the characters for jumping at
shadows and says, "The deadline's not on you yet, but you've
got the right idea, Neonates."

Damien will continue to try to getthe jump on Belthazar
to stake him, even if the characters end up working against him
by pointing out his location. Sooner or later, he will not show
himself to the characters and stake Belthazar solo. Neon is just
along for the learning experience and will not get involved
unless Damien is in danger.

If the characters seem to be resisting his offer of
assistance, even after he shows them the stake and points to
Belthazar, then he will assume that they are simply too scared of
the Elders of the city to act. That's why he won't give up until
they are saved.

If Damien is able to take Belthazar by surprise, then
allow him to automatically stake the fiend. If he must make an
outright attack on the Kindred, then he must pound the stake
through normally. In the lattercase, ashe struggles with Belthazar,
he will shout to the characters, "We are here to rescue you. Rise
up and smash the oppressors!" At this point, if the characters

37

assist either Damien or Belthazar, they can swing the victory
either way, so they have a decision to make. This is the big
question of the story — do they throw in with the Anarchs or do
they side with the Elders?

Dialogue

Following the staking of Belthazar, if successful,
Damien will speak excitedly and try to explain things to the
characters while on the move. "Let's talk in the car while I take
you to a safe place," he will recommend. Neon will stay behind
in a nearby alley or other secure place where he is under strict
orders to guard Belthazar and not look into the Elder's eyes.

Damien will attempt to explain to the characters that
they are just being used in a game of the Elders and that their
actual fate is of little consequence to Ballard or any other Elder.
Therefore, he knew he had torescue them. Since daylight is only
afew hours away, however, he recommends against trying to get
out of the city now. In fact, he suggests that they hide inside the
city for about a week and let things blow over. Once Ballard has
found a new plaything, they'll be safe. "Besides," he says,
"they'll be hunting Neon and I fora while, so that will take some
of the heat off of you."

Ultimately, though, Damien will admit that the charac-
ters won't be safe until the Prince is recovered, so if they have
any idea where he might be, then they should continue looking.

Damien says they can choose their own place to hide
for the night, but he knows a very safe place, though he does add
that no one has used it in several years. Damien knows of aman
who will watch over Kindred during the day in return for a vial
full of blood (Damien calls him a ""Ghoulie man"). He's smart
enough to never drink the blood of any one Kindred more than
twice, so Damien thinks that the Ghoulie man probably still has
his free-will. Little does Damien know that he is actually
pushing the characters further into the intrigue simply by direct-
ing them to his "Ghoulie man," for this man is actually Roarke.
Damien will say, "This guy is the best — he's saved me twice!
If he doesn't answer, just go in and wait till he returns."

Damien will provide an address for the Ghoulie man
but says he's worried about Neon and wants to get back to him
right away. He says as he departs, "After all, he's only a few
weeks old." Of course after this, if Belthazar survives (which he
will unless the characters make sure otherwise), he will be
driven to find and kill them all. Belthazar will be the character's
most dire enemy for many stories to come.

If the staking was not successful, Damien will run
away screaming, "You traitors!" From this point on, Belthazar
will have new respect and trust for the characters (though he will
still be a bastard) and Damien will become their longtime
enemy. The characters will no longer be suspects for the
kidnapping of Lodin, but the Elders will request that they
continue with the investigation, since they are still in the best

38

position to remain unnoticed by the other Kindred of Chicago.
Additionally, the characters will never be welcomed among the
Anarchs. In the upcoming war caused by Lodin's disappear-
ance, that will be a major penalty.

Characters

The two young Anarchs, Damien and Neon are both
described in Scene Three: The Brewery.

Scene Ten:
The Ghoulie Man

Plot

Probably on the run from the Elders of Chicago, the
characters arrive at Roarke's old headquarters, expecting to find
aman willing to guard them during the day in return for a little
blood. However, they find police officers on watch in the place.
Hopefully interested in finding out what's going on here, the
characters will enter the building by force or subterfuge and
discover that this may actually be related to the disappearance of
the Prince.

The characters should find the newspaper clipping in
the room where the police officers are resting and investigate the
basement that's blocked off by the huge slab of stone. When the
characters do make their way to the basement, move on the next
Scene.

Setting

The address or directions that Damien gives the char-
acters takes them to property in one of the poorer sections of
Chicago. While the area is residential, the directions are toarun-
down commercial lot where a 7-11 used to operate. The paint
has been been stripped off of the building and the large glass
windows have been knocked out and replaced with a wooden
wall. It's not a pleasant sight.

A police patrol-car is parked behind the building. It's
out of view so it's less likely to be seen and damaged by the
residents of the area. After the police raided the building and
discovered the "corpse" in the basement, they decided it best to
leave a couple officers on watch in case any more cultists show
up. Most of the loose material in the building was cleared out by
the police.

The door to the place is in the center of the wooden
wall. Behind the door is a short corridor that goes halfway
through the building before ending ata door and "T-ing" leftand
right. The door opens into a large but practically empty room.

Ashes to Ashes

This is where Roarke held his services to Satan and created a
cult-like environment by displaying his personal power to win
the hearts and minds of those who attended.

To the left are a number of doors that open into small
rooms that are full of worn mattresses and rotting dressers.

To the right there are three doors — one on each side
of the hallway and another at the end. The door on the right
opens into a small room that the two police officers on watch
have converted into an office. They don'thave much equipment
with them, but there isa radio, pen and paper, small table, several
chairs, flashlight and a newspaper clipping tacked on the wall.
The door on the left leads to the square room that was Roarke's
personal quarters. This room is in much better repair and
startlingly cleaner than elsewhere in the building.

The door at the end of the hallway appears to have once
been locked by a huge padlock and the door itself is reinforced
with metal, but the lock has been cut by the police. Inside is a
smallish room. The only feature of note is a square section in the
middle of the floor that appears to be some sort of trapdoor to a

Ashes to Ashes

Pirere

basement. The police have already hooked up a little mechani-
cal winch and pulley to the iron handle on the trapdoor, which
is a huge chunk of solid stone and is immensely heavy (Strength
6 required to lift it). There is also an extinguished lantern still
in the room from when the police did their work. The stone cap
has not been replaced so the entrance to the cellar is open.

Drama

There are two basic ways that the characters can
approach entering Roarke's abandoned headquarters. The easi-
estand quickest way is to simply batter down the door once they
learn there are policemen inside and overwhelm the mortals, In
such a case, you will have to decide whether or not one of the
officers has a chance to call the police station and alert other
officers that there is a problem. If the call is made, then
additional police will arrive within ten minutes. If the characters

39

don't realize that the call has been made and then proceed to
investigate the basement, they could find themselves trapped
and surrounded. You will have to judge how the story continues
if this occurs.

During the search of the headquarters, the characters
will be able to find very little of interest other than the large block
that's been moved aside for easy entrance to the basement and
the newspaper clipping the officers have tacked to the wall. The
clipping will quickly attract the attention of any who see itas the
headline reads, "Bloodless Animal Man Seized by Police." The
police hung it up as a bit of a joke about what they found here,
though they are concerned with how the reporter got news of the
body when the department requested that no one talk about it.

The news article is from a yellow journalism domi-
nated rag similar to the "National Enquirer" that is published in
Chicago. Called the "Tell it All," the paper is usually nothing but
hype and ridiculous exaggeration. For once, they got it partially
right.

40

Dialogue

The characters are most likely to try to fast-talk their
way past the police. When the characters first approach the door
of the building, they may not even realize that there are police
inside if the rear of the building was not inspected and the squad
car found.

There is a sliding peephole on the door that a police
officer will use to see who's outside, As he walks to the door,
though, he might call out, "Is that you, Bob?" He will see that
it obviously is not, and he will be wary of the characters unless
they are nicely dressed. Otherwise, he' ll assume they live in the
neighborhood, or if they are dressed like punks, he'll assume
they are members of the cult not taken during the initial raid.
This officer and his reactions to how the characters are dressed
will set the tone for the entire encounter.

BLOODLESS ANIMAL MAN SEIZED BY POLICE

by star reporter Scottie Cartwright

Despite an attempt to cover—
up one of the most fascinating
police raids in years, west-side
district officers captured a very
strange corpse in a recent raid.
But this star reporter caught the
police red- handed in this cover-
up. Or he would have if the corpse
hadn't been completely drained of
blood.

Even though this reporter
was armed with the information of
very reliable sources, which shall
remain nameless, Police Chief George
O'Malley of the west-side district
refused to corroborate the story.
When asked about the incident, and
specifically how the officers in
charge of the case were proceeding
with the investigation, Chief
O'Malley refused to comment.

However, this star reporter
refused to cease burrowing toward
the heart of the matter and gained
some more information from police
insiders. The date the corpse was
seized has yet to be released, but
reports indicate that the body had

absolutely no blood in it! The
insiders refused to speculate, but
dedicated readers of The Truth will
know without hesitation that this
must be the work of vampires!
Further information about
the body revealed that the as yet
unidentified man had extremely hard,
almost petrified skin, in the words
of an informant, and had several
features indicating that the man
was obviously a cross—breed between
a snake and a wolf. My informant
further reports that the body was
fully naked, except for a strange
saber-toothed pendant. The tooth
was 3 inches long!! Most startling
was reportedly his four canine
incisors, two along the top and two
more along the bottom. Much yet
needs to be learned about this
mystery, and this reporter is de-
termined to get to the bottomof it.
If you have any information
on the origin of this body, please
contact either the police or this
reporter at the "Tell It All"
offices — just call (404) 292-1819.

Ashes to Ashes

If the characters are nicely dressed, they will have a
better chance of tricking the officer using Manipulation +
Subterfuge. If fooled by a plausible story, the officer will invite
the character(s) in.

If the officer thinks the characters are from the neigh-
borhood, then he will scare them away, "Get the hell out of here
or I'll show you what pain is all about." If hassled, he'll say,
"Would you rather have cult maniacs or policemen in here? Now
move along."

However, if the officer thinks the characters are return-
ing cultists, he will try to take them into custody with the help of
his partner. If there are a lot of characters, then the partner may
call for help as mentioned above before moving to help the
officer at the door.

Characters

The only characters in this Scene are the policemen and
information for such mortals can be found in Vampire (p. 187).

Scene Eleven: Potent Blood
Plot

Inthis Scene, the characters learn that the body described
in the article they justread was very likely found here. They will
probably think they have stumbled onto the solution of their
troubles! Since Lodin wore a sabertooth pendant similar to the
body in the story, they will probably draw the conclusion that he
was here until the police raided the building. But they're wrong,
of course. The Methuselah who was the source of Roarke's
power for so long and the source of his current troubles was
seized here by police. The block of stone was placed over the
basement trapdoor by Roarke to make sure that members of the
cult would be unable to descend to that area.

While here, the characters will gain an impression of
the power of the Kindred they are dealing with, and may find the
vial of Blood that Roarke hid as an emergency supply. Hope-
fully, after arming themselves with the discoveries made here,
the characters will pursue the leads and attempt to locate the
body they believe to be Lodin's.

Setting

Though this Scene still takes place inside Roarke's old
headquarters, the kinds of events are substantially removed
from interacting with mortal police officers. The action takes
place ina room thatcan only be reached by dropping through an
opening in the ceiling that is normally covered by a very heavy
stone block.

Ashes to Ashes

The room is squarish and about fifteen feet wide. The
ceiling is rather high (twenty feet) so this means a significant
drop is involved from above the reach the floor. On the floor in
the back corner is a dusted outline of where the police found the
body referred to in the article by Scottie Cartwright. The only
furnishing in the room is a straight-backed wooden chair and a
low table that holds a small assortment of chemistry equipment
like beakers, test tubes and pipettes. The equipment is well-
organized but none of the containers hold any substances.

It will be difficult to find (Perception + Alertness
difficulty 8), but there is also a stone drawer recessed into the
wall away from both the chalk outline and table. Without a light
source, the characters will completely overlook the drawer even
if they can see in the darkness. The drawer pulls out smoothly
and contains a rolled up satin cloth. The cloth protects an
extremely valuable resource —a vial of old, very old, Blood! It
is potent Vite indeed.

Drama

The first obstacle the characters face is getting down
into the basement. This is nota difficult chore for most Kindred,
especially those with the Potence Discipline. Characters should
roll Strength (difficulty 4) in order to break their fall. Two
successes are needed for a complete success. With only one
success, the character will take a level of damage only if
currently injured (she wrenches the hurting area some more).

The major action of the Scene (except when arguments
break out when the characters find the vial of Blood) occurs
when a Kindred attempts to investigate the area where the body
of the Methuselah was found with Auspex. The incredible
power of the Methuselah has permeated the area and it will
overwhelm any character who opens his senses up to it so
completely. The net result is that the character loses control and
enters Frenzy. The Frenzy is of the rage variety and the character
will attack the nearest being.

The other interesting item which requires a response
from the characters is the vial of Blood that they may find ina
stone drawer. The description of the unveiling of the Blood is
extremely important and you must concentrate to pull off this
part of the story. Basically, you must describe the Blood inside
the vial in such a way that it sounds delicious, not only to the
characters, but the players as well. Lower and soften your voice
and comment on the Blood's glistening, ruby red color and how
its thick juices roll invitingly back and forth in the vial as a
character examines it. The raw power of the Kindred who wept
this Blood is obvious and very seductive.

Every character who sees the vial, and what Kindred
wouldn't want to look at such a delicacy, must roll Self-Control
(difficulty 6) or immediately grab for the vial and try to gain it
so a taste can be taken. Characters with less than three Blood

41

Points will automatically succumb to this temptation and you
may even decide to penalize characters who are not full of blood
by increasing the difficulty of the roll. Another general brawl
will break out among the characters if a couple characters fail
this roll.

The penalty may be worse for any character who drinks
of the Blood. Much of this is left to your interpretation of the
character's reasons for drinking the Blood, but if you feel it was
done solely for the pleasure of tasting it or a desire to gain power,
then the character must roll for Humanity loss. Any character
who grabs the Blood and drinks the entire vial should automati-
cally lose a point!

The Blood is indeed amazing and is certainly worthy of
desire. A single taste of the liquid will restore an entire Blood
Point. If larger amounts of the Blood are ingested, then not only
will the character regain up to ten Blood Points, but the character
will also gain a temporary increase in a Discipline. The vial
contains about three large swallows of Blood and one such gulp
is required to gain this temporary increase. This amazing
increase will occur in the character's most advanced Discipline,
though a Discipline may not be increased over five this way. In
such a case, the next highest Discipline will be heightened by
one. This higher level of ability will fade away as soon as the
character falls below a level of four Blood Points. Multiple
swallows will increase a like number of Disciplines by one
point.

42

Ifthe entire vial of Blood is imbibed, then the character
will experience an explosion of power within her body and enter
Frenzy unless Courage (difficulty 7) is rolled. As noted above,
the character will also lose a point of Humanity. The benefits of
doing this, however, are extraordinary. Not only will the
character gain temporary increases in three Disciplines, but her
current Blood Pool will temporarily increase to fifteen. These
extra points in the Blood Pool will fade at the rate of one per day.
Each time the character loses a Blood Point due to the passage
of time, one of these additional Pool points is lost instead. If the
point was currently full of Blood, then the Blood is lost as well.

It is very important to keep track of how many times
each character drinks the blood in this vial. Though the
Methuselah from whom it comes is in Torpor, the Blood Bond
that may form could cause complications later in the story.

Itis the attack of individuals in Frenzy on the others in
the cellar that was the object of the Premonition described in
Scene Seven: Abandoned Haven. Tell the player who had that
Premonition that they feel déja vu, that for some strange reason
they recognize this hole, that this is""THE PLACE!" Hopefully,
you can give it away just an instant before one of the other
characters (who drank from the vial) frenzies and attacks the
character.

Dialogue

There isnoconversation in this Scene to speak of, except
among the characters themselves (hopefully there will be a lot
of that).

Characters

No additional characters are encountered in this Scene,
thoughacharacter who scores aphenomenal success (5 successes)
while using Auspex on the chalked area may realize that the
power of the Kindred who rested there had been "asleep" for a
long, long time and is therefore probably not Prince Lodin.

Ashes to Ashes

Crapcer Pour: Kinc's
GAMBIT

Scene Twelve:
Downtown Precinct

Plot

Once the characters learn that the body that was found
in the "Ghoulie man's" headquarters was seized by the police,
they may decide to pursue the matter to see how much information
they can piece together. The news reporter, Scottie Cartwright,
who wrote the article found in the previous Scene may be sought
for questioning as well. Scottie is dealt with specifically in the
next Scene, though the characters may well decide to seek clues
there first.

If you really want your players to experience this
Scene, you can finagle things so that the police somehow pick
up the characters and bring them down to the precinct for
"questioning." Smart characters will not break the Masquerade
by resisting. However, this can be a bit manipulative. The best
idea is probably to subtly insert the idea of going to the precinct
through your banter with the players. Hints that you give them
(as long as they are not obvious) are frequently picked up by the
players and employed without them ever consciously realizing
what they did. You will be amazed by what you can get your
players to do in this manner.

The most important piece of information that the
characters can learn from the police is the current status of the
body that was seized. Ultimately, they will uncover the location
of the body and continue their investigation. There is an
additional bit of puzzling news that the characters may happen
upon as well. Basically, they will be unable to determine who
exactly ordered that the cult headquarters be raided in the first
place. That should start them thinking!

The characters will learn that the body of the Kindred
they probably assume to be Lodin has been turned over to a
"medical specialist" by Special Agent Shepard of the Chicago
FBI. The extent to which you wish to involve Shepard in the
story and his connection with Kindred the characters already
know is completely up to you. In this story, he is never actually
encountered, but as ever, you are free to alter this.

Ashes to Ashes

Setting

Set the Scene with a description of a typical police
station, varying it depending on the time of night that the
characters arrive. Squad cars are pulling in and out; calls for
back-up will send one, two or more cars screeching out into the
streets with sirens blazing; off-duty officers hang around the
parking lotrecounting any interesting events of the day; and men
and women are hauled into custody.

The police precinct that organized the raid on Roarke's
headquarters is in the heart of a poor section of the city, but the
presence of the station has cleaned up the streets within a couple
blocks. Outside this area, crime is commonplace.

Drama

The effectiveness of the characters' entrance into the
police station is up to your discretion, but a forceful entry is
absolutely the wrong way to do it. The characters are in enough
trouble if they are already on the run from the Elders because of
an escape from Belthazar. Ballard wants to use them as
scapegoats so he has little need to capture them again. Their
escape and attempts to hide in the city only make Ballard's job
of showing them as guilty that much easier. However, no
Kindred of the city, not even the Anarchs, will tolerate such a
horrendous break of the Masquerade. Therefore, there should be
no physical confrontations in this Scene.

Dialogue

Instead of force, the characters must use their Social
Attributes and Disciplines to make their way around the station.
They can pose as news reporters or even police officers if they
are skilled enough in Disciplines like Obfuscate and Dominate.

Ifthey do this successfully, then they will eventually be
able to find their way to the officer in charge of the raid,
Lieutenant Brick. Depending on how complicated you desire
this information gathering Scene to be, you may either allow Lt.
Brick to be on duty very late and therefore be accessible to the
characters, or they may have to visit him at home where he's
probably sleeping the night away in his house with his wife and
children. Better yet, they may have to come up with a good
enough story to get the night duty sergeant to call Lt. Brick up

43

and get him to come down to the station in the middle of the
night.

Lt. Brick will not willingly speak about the body and
will not even admit that a body was seized. If a character brings
up the article from "Tell It All," Brick will only laugh and tell the
characters that they shouldn't believe everything they read. He
will be very officious and demand to see identification from the
characters if they claim to be witha newspaper, etc. Inany event,
they will have to get tough with Lt. Brick in order to learn
anything.

If the characters are able to either Intimidate Brick or
use Disciplines like Dominate or Presence, then hecan relate the
following details:

* Captain Wallabash ordered that the raid take
place. Though the police had been aware for some time
that cult-like activity had been going on in the building,
the lack of solid proof and the failure of an undercover
agent to penetrate the organization did not give the police
a chance to investigate more thoroughly.

If the characters follow up by speaking with Captain
Wallabash for any reason, they will learn that he ordered the raid
after receiving notification from Lt. Brick that they had solid
evidence of unlawful activity by the cult. Obviously, these two
explanations do not jive, but no amount of further investigation
will reveal anything further. Unfortunately for the characters,
both men are telling the absolute truth.

+ During the raid, Brick and his men rounded up seven
cultists. The men and women were arrested, but they refused to
talk to the police or the court appointed attorney. To the dismay
of all involved, all seven men and women were found dead the
following morning in their various and widespread cells. They
seemed quite normal in their manner of dress, but after being
around them for a time, more and more weirdness emerged.

+ No worthwhile evidence or information was uncoy-
ered during the raid (other than the body, of course), so Lt. Brick
decided to keep a few men posted at the place in case other
cultists returned. This is also why they tried not to let the news
slip to the media.

+ The body they discovered was gruesome at best. Hard
as stone and completely drained of blood, the man seemed to
have been dead for quite a while, but decay had notset in, so they
presume that he had been in cold-storage or the like until very
recently. The hospital never had the opportunity to perform an
autopsy on the body before the Feds got ahold of it.

Brick explains that a local FBI agent named William
Shepard gained custody of the body when he showed that the
dead man was akidnap victim several years ago. The Lieutenant

44

4

YW

\

learned just today that the Special Agent had the body trans-
ferred to some sort of medical specialist for a complete exami-
nation. He does have an address for the facilities of the
specialist.

Even if shown a picture of Lodin (who knows where
they could get such a thing!), Lt. Brick would be unable to
identify the man they found. The only description he can give
is, "He was hard like a stone and bloodless, just like that article
said."

Around the station, one of the characters, one who
hasn't done anything for a while, will overhear a conversation
among 3 police officers. They are talking about things like
"How stiff the body was. Like a damn lump of stone." and
"Yeah, but that's nothing anyone outside the force would
believe, except perhaps those kooks over at the ‘Tell It All.'"

Characters

Treat Lt. Brick as any other mortal police officer, but
he's a large man so his Strength is 4. He's also sharp-minded
(Wits 3) and strong-willed (Willpower 8).

Ashes to Ashes

Scene Thirteen:
Yellow Journalist

Plot

The characters are likely to follow up on Scottie's
article "Bloodless Animal Man Seized by Police" by contacting
the author directly. As indicated below in the Characters
section, Scottie could become a regular in your Chronicle, so
have fun playing him this first time. If need be, Neally can
approach the characters at some point in the story, or the
characters can notice the story while walking past a street side
newsstand. It isn't hard to find the offices of the paper; they are
located on the edge of downtown.

With Scottie's help, the characters can piece a few
clues together. If "persuaded" to talk with them or if they
exchange information, Scottie will relate information including
identifying the leader of the cultas Roarke. The most important
thing to accomplish in this Scene, however, is to establish that
the cult gathering northwest of the city may be important.
Hopefully, the characters will decide to pursue more immediate
clues first, like checking out the "medical specialist."

If it seems likely that the characters will not speak with
the police and instead jump at the hint that the cult activity may
be something important, then you may decide that Scottie has
knowledge of where the body is currently. His sources at the
police station could easily have passed this information along to
him. In fact, he may give the characters a camera so they can
photograph the body when they go to check on it. How hard you
push the characters in this direction should depend on how much
you desire to use the "specialist" in your story.

Finally, this encounter with Scottie Cartwright should
show the characters just how close some mortals are to figuring
out the truth behind the Masquerade. Though many details are
hazy and some of the facts themselves are wrong, a few key slips
by Kindred could brighten the picture considerably.

If you really wantto have the characters go through this
Scene and they aren't headed in that direction already, all you
have to do is get a copy of the "Tell It All" into their hands —
they won't be able to not see the cover story.

Setting

The offices of "Tell It All" are shockingly nice. Though
the newspaper is a rag, the organization that owns the paper is
top-notch. The paper has a floor of its own ina downtown office
building, and the offices are decorated in the latest styles. Large
plants and inspiring colors help establish a mood of cheer.

Scottie Cartwright is a night-owl, so if the characters
simply come to the office looking for him, they will find him

Ashes to Ashes

hard at work on another "brilliant piece of investigative report-
ing." In a harsh juxtaposition with the orderly offices of the
paper, Scottie's office is a whirlwind of paper piles , a half eaten
donut, computer disks, and letters from both angered and de-
lighted readers. It is a truly disgusting mess, especially in
contrast with the rest of the office.

Drama

There is no need for show-stopping action in this Scene
as Scottie is more than willing to talk with the characters. In fact,
if the characters open up to him, the talk would easily constitute
the most coveted moments of the writer's life.

Dialogue

When the characters first walk into Scottie's office, the
writer will at first mistake them for some of his many footpads
who he pays for interesting bits of information. "What do you
have for me?" he'll ask. When he learns that the characters are
here on their own business, he'll gladly listen to their story and
prepare himself to help them out. Not for a moment will he be
frightened of the characters, unless they become violent and
actually mess him up a bit. If they insist, Scottie will consider


any conversation to be "off therecord." Scottie doesn't take this
practice seriously, but if the characters really let him in on
Kindred secrets, then he will not write about it until he learns
more.

Scottie is a fast talker and has tricked more than one
person into saying something that they later regret. Anyone
involved in aconversation with Scottie mustroll Wits + Alertness
(difficulty 6) to avoid letting some secret fact slip out. A
character that fails the roll must answer the question, "What is
the thing you would least like to tell Scottie right now?" The
number of successes rolled will lower the urgency of the
information spilled, but three successes are needed to resist
completely. Better yet, do it completely through roleplaying —
itis very difficult to do it right, but by setting the Scene correctly,
it will be easier to get the players to drop their guard, at least at
the start,

The problem in dealing with Scottie is that the charac-
ters will never be able to convince him that they were "joking
about being Vampires." He'll believe the most far-fetched tales
and then search for more information.

In the end, Scottie will try to make a deal to trade
information, The characters do know some things that would
interest him beyond revealing that they are Vampires. Prima-
rily, he would like to hear about the "mystical activity" north-
westofthe city. However, he will be satisfied with other bits like
the mix-up between the police captain and lieutenant about who
ordered the raid.

Scottie has a plethora of important information that he
can provide the characters. This includes the following, though
he will make things up if he is trading information on a one-for-
one basis and has run out of things to say.

+ The leader of the cult whose headquarters was raided
by the police recently is named Roarke. While the details are
sketchy, it seems that he had lived in the gutted 7-11 for several
years before forming the cult. An odd assortment of individuals
is purported to have gone in and out of the building in these pre-
cult days.

+ Roarke's cult has also extended to a region northwest
of the city. The police don't seem to know about this yet, but the
cult members have gathered in this area a few times in the past
for celebrations and festivals. If the characters tell Scottie about
the purported "mystical activity" there, the writer will tell them
that he's going to check that out very soon.

+ He can describe what little ("litlle" unless you decide
to change things as discussed in Plot above) he knows about the
body that the police found. Basically, he can only reiterate that
what he wrote in his article is the truth. The body truly was hairy
and had nary a drop of blood in it. However, Scottie will admit
that he has no basis for the conclusions that he drew about the
origin of the body, though he suspects that he was right about the
wolf.

46

Characters

Scottie Cartwright, though a hack-writer, does have
several contacts and secret sources throughout the city. He
could very well becomea regular character in your Chronicle. If
you want him to become a regular, you' ll need to arrange it so
that at least one character becomes fond of Scottie and target
your roleplaying of him so that he becomes the pet of one
particular character. He would make an excellent dependent
character, someone who is always tagging along and getting in
trouble.

Scottie Cartwright

Age: 32 (Born: 1959)

Description: A tall slender man, Scottie can be
gruff and grouchy, but he's actually courteous to those he
respects or knows well. He typically wears very comfortable
clothing like slacks and a sports shirt, though he does have
clothing for other situations (press conference, outdoor jaunt,
etc.) stored in his office.

Demeanor: Deviant

Nature: Judge

Notes: Scottie (as he prefers to be called) is a
dedicated writer, though the subject and style of his writing is
somewhat suspect. Struggling in his writing career shortly after
graduation from college, Scottie originally accepted this job to
make a little money. However, over the years, the work has
absorbed his interest and Scottie now believes too much of what
he writes. He still thinks of himself as a college student, and has
the same enthusiasm, naivete and honor. He will never reveal
sources who have asked to remain anonymous and will always
keep "off the record" conversations off the record. However, the
characters will have to make it clear that everything they say is
"off the record" or they will likely read about it in the next
week's paper.

Have fun playing Scottie. He's always on the lookout
for a story and since he looks for evidence of the occult in
everything he does, he could become a foil for comedy and levity
in your story. For example, if he's Dominated by the characters,
he may use a point of Willpower to shake it off and ask the
Kindred with great interest and admiration, "Did you just do to
me what I think you did? Do it again, I'll tell you anything!"

Roleplaying Tips: Make your eyes as bigas you
can, Pretend that you are scribbling down notes whenever a
character says anything even remotely interesting. Talk as fast
as you can, and interrupt people's sentences if you have already
figured out what they are going to say.

Ashes to Ashes

x x
Bs =
Physical Mental

Strength Perception,

Dexter. Intelligence.

Stamina Wits,

x

gs

Skills Knowledge

Actin Animal Ken____00000 Bureaucracy___e@000
Alertnese ‘se000 ©0000 Computer ‘#0000
Athletes, 00000 00000 Finance ‘00000

Investigation 90000

00000

e2000

x
Bs

FS
Subterfigchaak falKeweeo  S

00000

Disciplines

Advantage:

00000

Virtues
Conscience,

Self Control

Cougs, eee

x

$e—Combat—

weapon [oti] eae

fo—Humanity——

eeecees000

$= Willpower aot

eecceeeo0o0
oooo000000

-t—=Blood Pool
0000000000

5
fo Health ee
Brised =O
Hut 40
Id 2 0
Wounded 3 0
Mauled 4G
Crippled 6 0
Incapaciiated O

-to=-Experience==o

‘Abus: 7573 Abilis: 14975 Disipliacs:3 Backgrounds $ Vinwcs 10 Peete Point: 15 (7/91)

Ashes to Ashes

Scene Fourteen: The Hunter
Plot

If the characters are on the trail of the body that was
seized by the police, then they will end up here sooner or later.
This building is owned by an occult investigator turned Hunter
named Michael Standdown. He gained possession of the
Methuselah's body when Special Agent Shepard managed to
have it turned over to him, Shepard said that the body was that
of a kidnapping (a Federal crime, so Shepard was authorized to
step in) victim and would be turned over to a "specialist."
Fortunately, Michael did have some medical degrees, so the ruse
was easily pulled off.

With the equipment that had been delivered so con-
veniently just a month before, Michael Standdown began an
examination of the body of what Shepard claimed wasa Vampire.
Slowly, Michael has come to agree. Though he had believed in
the occult since his pilgrimages, Michael had never had such
proof to examine so closely. It shook him a little.

In this Scene, the characters will probably kill Michael
Standdown and either recover the body of the Methuselah or
believe that it is destroyed in a fire. If the body is saved from the
flames, then you must refer to the following section for details
of the recovery.

Setting

Along the very northern part of Chicago proper, only
a couple blocks inland from sparkling Lake Michigan (in the
Gothic World, anyway), is the old stone warehouse where
Special Agent Shepard's "medical specialist" works. The
building is three stories high and the entire structure is owned by
Michael Standdown. The large windows of the bottom two
floors are painted over so curious people won't snoop around,
but the top floor's frames have been refitted with new windows.
Michael feels more comfortable in his new line of work with a
lot of sunlight wherever he lives.

The top floor of the building is a personal living
apartment, equipped with most modern conveniences. The
middle floor holds all of Michael's testing equipment. This
includes an assortment of medical devices up to and including
aCatscan machine. The bottom floor has always been made to
look like a warehouse. Since the building stands inacommercial
district, this helps camouflage Michael's headquarters. Also,
the loading dock, interior elevator and pallet-mover came in
very handy when the medical equipment arrived recently.

47

48

Drama

Almostanytime of the night that the characters come to
investigate the "medical specialist," Michael will be up late
working. His noisy machinery and equipment draws the least
attention during the night when any other proprietors of the
commercial area are at home in bed.

The first obstacle the characters must overcome is
breaking into the building, preferably without alerting Michael.
The Hunter does switch on some formidable defenses after
sundown. Special Agent Shepard personally acquired and
installed some of the more sophisticated defenses.

First, before he starts to work, Michael seals himself
off on the second floor. The elevator is parked on the second
floor and the doorways from the stairwell are blocked with
electrified barred gates. These gates may be bent to allow
passage, but five successes on a Strength roll (difficulty 4) are
required. Additionally, anyone attempting the feat will auto-
matically be reduced to Mauled status. Only Potence will help
resist this damage.

Additionally, the roof and the entire bottom floor will
be laced with laser beams that will set off a silent alarm on the
second floor that will alert Michael. The roof is also reinforced
with sheet metal making it nearly impossible to enter that way,
at least withoutimmediately alerting Michael. Again, depending
on the extent to which you wish to involve Special Agent
Shepard, Michael may alert him at any sign of trouble (he's
across the street in an apartment, waiting for any unexpected
visitors). Characters with Red Eyes (level one Protean Disci-
pline) will be able to see the laser beams and avoid them. Such
a character may also help other characters circumvent them.
Roll Manipulation + the other Kindred's Dodge (difficulty 6) —
three successes means that she was able to talk her friend
through the beams.

If the characters enter the bottom floor and sound the
alarm, they will have walked into a death trap as dangerous as
any medieval castle. Metal barred gates, as described above,
will slide into place over the sole entrance to the bottom floor to
block any retreat. Then, Michael will converse with the char-
acters by means of a two-way speaker in the corner of the fake
warehouse. He will try to establish who they are, and if not
satisfied, or if he learns they are Vampires, he will move on to
the next stage of the trap — he'll open a trap door on the floor
of his second story lab and drop a flaming lighter. The boxes
immediately below the trapdoor hide flammable containers of
gasoline (the characters can smell these when they are in the
room with a Perception + Alertness roll at difficulty 6 or
automatically if they possess the level one Auspex Discipline
Heightened Senses).

Caughtin the inferno that will ensue ina warehouse full

of empty cardboard boxes (all marked "Ceiling Fan") and
perhaps their second bonfire of the story, the characters will

Ashes to Ashes

discover one reason this story is called "Ashes to Ashes." Since
the building is made of stone and the walls have been treated
with an anti-flame element provided by Shepard, Michael has no
concerns about the fire spreading to the rest of the building.
Besides, there is a sprinkler system that he can activate. Wily
players may be able to use these sprinklers to save themselves if
the recessed nozzles are noticed.

If (and probably when) the characters eventually make
their way to the second floor, Michael will be waiting standing
by a table. Lying on the table is the body of the Methuselah,
though it is wrapped in a black plastic body bag. Since it is
wrapped, of course, the characters will have no idea that it isn't
Lodin. Michael holds a small, but highly-powered, crossbow in
each hand. The characters should eye the wooden shafts warily.

Even more dangerous to the characters is a specially
designed light that illuminates a fifteen radius around Michael
and the table on which the Methuselah rests. Putting his
incredible mind and scientific talents to work, Michael has
managed to design a light that simulates the effects of the sun on
Vampires. Of course Michael had an advantage over other
Hunters who have sought just such a thing — he had the body of
a Vampire to experiment with! Any characters who enter the
light will be struck by what is effectively direct rays of sunlight,
though the strength of the rays is only about 50% of normal. The
first character who attempts to cross into this lighted area
without knowledge of what the light can do must roll Self-
Control (difficulty 5) or enter Frenzy. Also, after the characters
do know the destructive potential of the light, they must roll
Courage (difficulty 6) every turn they are in the light or be
affected by Fear and refuse to go near the light again.

It is possible to shoot the light bulb out or even pull the
plug on the machine, but of course Michael will shootany person
who makes a move to do so. Michael is very cool, calm and
collected with the defense of his laboratory — he has run this
scenario over and over again in his mind. In his voice however,
it is possible to detect the grip of tension and fear.

Michael will make a last stand here and will aim his
crossbow bolts for the hearts of the Vampires. Refer to the
Drama Chapter in Vampire for details on the number of suc-
cesses, etc, required in order for Michael to impale a character.
He will attempt to remain within the circle of light so that
Kindred cannot engage him in close combat.

Dialogue

Michael Standdown will feel threatened and certainly
endangered with a number of Kindred nearby, but he will talk to
the characters if they make such overtures. Conversation will
accomplish nothing for them, though. If the characters wish to
gain possession of the body, then they will have to go through
Michael.

Ashes to Ashes

Conclusion

If the characters manage to defeat Michael Standdown
and open the body bag, they will quickly realize that this is not
Lodin. The Kindred they have recovered seems to be of Eastern
Mediterranean descent, notthe European blood of Lodin. Where
the sun lamp had shone, his skin is very red and is slightly burned
in places, but on the whole he looks in good shape.

Inthe process of opening the body bag, it would be very
easy to touch the body. Roll a die secretly, a 14 indicates that
the character did touch the body, unless the player makes it very
clear that she is being careful. This is important only because of
the Vampire's potent powers of Domination which allow him to
Dominate others through touch — eye contact is not necessary.
For the purposes of the story, itcan be assumed thatall those who
touch the body are immediately under the temporary control of
the Ancient. (Though if want to make rolls, have those who
touch the body make a Willpower roll with a difficulty of 9.
Three successes are required to fully break free, anything less
than that indicates total Domination.)

Pass a note to the player shortly after you note that they
have been Dominated, but donot do so in such a way as to arouse
the suspicions of the others. A private meeting where you can
explain things in detail usually is the simplest for the players, but

Z

49

unfortunately it can arouse the most suspicions. Tell the player
that they are under the control of the Ancient and that they must
carry out his wishes. They understand that he wishes for the
others in the group to touch him as well and that the player should
try to trick the others into doing so. Tell them further that you
will take away Willpower if they do not do this properly
("You're struggling against his Dominance —that isn't easy")
but that you will reward them with one experience point if they
succeed (to be assigned to Manipulation or Subterfuge).
Eventually, if the Methuselah's plan goes correctly, all of the
characters will have touched and come under his control —
though perhaps the last remaining character will have to be
restrained and carried to the waiting body before all of them are
so Dominated.

The sleeping Methuselah is wearing a simple, silver
and onyx necklace with some strange engravings on it (Egyptian
hieroglyphs). The onyx is shaped in the form of a tooth (itis the
mate of the one found in Lodin's Haven). Ifa character attempts
to remove it, assume they touched the body unless the player
makes it very clear that she is not doing so.

If any of the characters has been Blood Bonded to the
sleeping Methuselah, then that character's player won't have
much of a say about what is done from the very start. That
character will immediately do everything in his power to get the
other characters to touch the body of "Lodin" — give them the
note just as you would the player whose character touches the
Methuselah.

4
z

‘VAMPIRE:
Michael Standdown

Attributi

jooo000

stom — Combat et

"fee Blood Pool—met

50

Once he controls all (or at least most) of the characters,
the Ancient one will command the characters to take him to a
certain place to rest and continue his sleep through the Torpor (it
isa secret location in the middle of the Wasteland in Gary). The
characters will promptly forget about where they took the
Methuselah, and in fact the characters will not remember even
making a trip. The net result will be the characters being unable
to account for their whereabouts during a period of a couple
hours and the sudden absence of the Methuselah. Since the
characters won't even remember what happened, there is no
need to enumerate what they had to go through to place the body
wherever it is that the Methuselah wanted to go.

After the last character touches the Methuselah, the
next thing they know is that they wake up in the middle of the
Wasteland and that Damien is moving toward them. If questioned
why he is there, he simply says that he got a phone call from
someone "who you don't know about yet" to come here because
the characters were in desperate straights. He will then try to
persuade them to continue to pursue Lodin — if need be he will
be able to provide them will a few clues or can even lead them
to the forest headquarters of the cult. The person who controls
Damien wants the characters to find the cultists — that fact

should be fairly clear to the characters.

If the characters manage to escape the Scene with the
body of the Methuselah and with their free wills intact, then the
question arises, "What do we do with this guy?" You will have
to determine for yourself what happens next — the world is a
large and dangerous place, especially with a Methuselah's body
— make it as interesting as possible.

Ashes to Ashes

Characters

Michael Standdown is the Native American Hunter
whom the characters must overcome in this Scene if they wish
toretrieve the body of the Kindred they believe to be Lodin. The
Methuselah is described in detail in Chicago by Night. Fornow,
simply assume that the "Black King" is extremely powerful and
beyond the ability of the characters to harm.

Michael Standdown

Birth: 30 (Born: 1961)

Description: Michael is a full-blooded Native
American. He wears his dark hair long, and though very proud
of his heritage, he doesn't make any effort to dress in "Indian"
clothes, Blue jeans and jackets are quite alright with him.

Demeanor: Loner

Nature: Director

Notes: Intrigued by the shamanic heritage of hisown
people, Michael Standdown became very interested in the
occultatan early age. Perhaps his own innate sensitivity to such
things contributed to this desire as well. In any event, Michael
wandered North America and some of the Orient in his mid to
late twenties searching for "places of power." He left behind
Johns Hopkins and what his family considered to be a promising
career as a physician, but what he found converted him forever
to an unshakable belief in the occult. He has spent the last ten
years as a sort of occult investigator. Since many people have
expectations of mystical powers from Native Americans, Michael
found it easy to market himself in his chosen profession.

About six months ago, Michael was contacted by
Special Agent Shepard of the Chicago FBI. Shepard asked if
Michael would like to collaborate and Michael readily agreed.
They were introduced by another Witch-Hunter, Sullivan Dane.
Just over a month ago, Shepard arranged for a lot of medical
equipment to be shipped to Michael's building. Michael isn't
sure how Shepard made the arrangements, buthe suspects it was
illegal so he doesn't want to pry too deeply.

The beaten road

Which those poor slaves with weary footsteps tread,
Who travel to their home among the dead
By the broad highway of the world, and so
With one chained friend, perhaps a jealous foe,
The dreariest and the longest journey to go.
— P.B. Shelly, An Exhortation

Ashes to Ashes

51

Chnapcer Pive: Cneck
AND (TIATE

Chapter five is the concluding chapter of this story.

Scene Fifteen:
Hell's Pasture

Plot

The characters will probably come to this area shortly
after reorganizing following the attack on Michael Standdown.
The clue in Lodin's office mentioning this place and/or Scottie
Cartwright's mention of it should make it seem to be a potential
location for Lodin's body. And they're right. Roarke did bring
Lodin here since his other headquarters in Chicago had been
raided and claimed by the police.

During this Scene, the characters must simply travel to
this areaand begin to look around. The landis fairly inaccessible
— it's a fifteen minute walk from the nearest road, though jeeps
and other 4-wheel drive vehicles can make the overland trip —
and characters will have to carefully plan how they will travel
here and provide for their safety in the event that they cannot
return to Chicago by the time the sun rises.

While they wander around the land, but before they
begin to strike for the heart where the amphitheater is, the
characters will meet Scottie unless their previous encounter with
him left him unable or unwilling to follow up on a story here.

Setting

This is asmall copse of woods about an hour northwest
of Chicago. The land is owned and maintained by Roarke. This
land is exclusively private and is used for ceremonies and other
celebrations, the sole purpose of which is to continue to make
Roarke look strong to his followers. This is the area that the
characters must penetrate in order to confront Roarke and
retrieve Lodin.

This is a sizable chunk of land, about 50 acres all told.
The property is mostly a flat, wooded area, but there are rocky
regions near the center. By following a sort of gully down into
the rocks, one emerges in a natural, earthen amphitheater. This
feature is the main reason Roarke chose it for his cult's cer-
emonies. It allows him to be in the amphitheater and direct the
action while the cultists either listen or perform as per his
commands.

Drama

You might have the characters mistake a crouching and
hiding Scottie Cartwright for a sentry waiting to pick them off,
but in general there will be no trouble in this Scene. There's
enough of that coming later! The idea is for the characters to
scout out the terrain and to plan their next action — likely an
attack.

Ashes to Ashes

Dialogue

The characters may talk at length with Scottie if they
desire, but unless they use Disciplines or outright force, the
journalist will refuse to go back without first getting his story.
The characters may have some questions for Scottie, but unless
they revealed a lot of information to him earlier, Scottie is very
curious about what the characters are doing out here.

Characters

Scottie Cartwright is described in Scene Thirteen.

Ashes to Ashes

Scene Sixteen:

Attack of the Ram
Plot

The characters will meet a byproduct of one of the
ceremonies that Roarke performs twice a year to impress the
cultists. Since any creature can be fed Kindred Blood and
become more powerful, and since the ram is very symbolic of
Satan, Roarke customarily creates aram "Ghoul" and sets it free
to rampage around the area. The cultists, in a flurry of mad
behavior, give chase to the beast and kill it so they can return to
the amphitheater area, drink its blood, and then roast it as the
high point to a grand feast. By drinking its blood they thereby
gain some of the Vampire blood, and thus amodicum of mystical
power and potential.

53

This huge and powerful ram will crash through the
characters, pause to rip them up a bit, and then dash off again. If
the characters are thinking quickly and truly desire to make a
stealthy entrance, then they had best notkill theram. Otherwise,
the cultists, and shortly thereafter Roarke, will know that there
are intruders nearby.

The ram has the freedom toroam wherever on Roarke's
land that it desires, but since Roarke Blood Bonds it when the
Blood is fed to it during the ritual (he feeds it tiny amounts on two
earlier occasions), the powerful Ghoul is able to keep the ram
from straying too far.

Setting

The characters are still on Roarke's land, but they, and
maybe Scottie as well, have begun to make their way toward the
center. They hear a cry go up in the distance, and about three
minutes later a monstrosity comes charging at them.

{——= VAMPIRE==*

x
+
Physical
Strength____ee000 eee
Dexterty__@@000 Manipulation Intelligence
Stamina ©0000 Appearance Wits,
+ Abilities:
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting ©0000 Animal Ken #0000 Bureaucracy __eeeeo
Alertness 8000 Drive Computer 0
Athletics, 20000 — Etiquetie_CoVt Finance?
Beast 00000 Firearms
Dodge. 0000 Melee. 8000
Empathy. (00000 Musk, 00000
Intimidation (00000 Repali ‘00000
Leadership. ‘00000 Securty 10000
Steetwise ‘00000 Stealth #0000
Subterfag. e000 Survhal 0000
+ Advantage:
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
‘00000 eee00 Conscience, 29000
00000 00000
‘00000 00000 SAfControl #0000
00000 00000
00000 00000 — Courage, 92000
x x
Bs > id
to-Other Traitseee  Fe—Humanity— Fo Health ee
ceees eee eeen000 Bits e Co
Hut 4 0
weer z Injured 2 O
Co 0ee ase Willpower—sast- Wesnded 9 0
t—Combat—ent © 0 00800000 Cried 5 0
hope tafe | COOOOOOO0N Incapoctiated

F-—Blood Pool
0000000000

foe Experience =e

Auuibuies 758 Abilities 139/5 Disciplines: 3 Background: $ Virwes 10 Freee Poin: 15 (7/9/21)

54

Drama

Though the ram is large, it moves very quietly and
quickly through the woodland. The chasing cultists must track
the beast, for it does not give away its presence with grunts and
growls. Characters should roll Alertness + Perception (diffi-
culty 7) to even notice that the ram is coming. If no one detects
it, then the ram will dash from the woods and absolutely smash
into and trample one of the characters (double the beast's
damage dice when it connects on a full running charge like this).
The victim of the attack should be treated as if surprised.

After this wallop, the ram will remain for several
rounds and combat all of the characters. Describe the immense
and powerful beast carefully as it dishes out pain. Its eyes roll
and its nostrils flare as it dances around, looking for the oppor-
tunity to spring into acharacter, Aftera shorttime, orat the latest
when the pursuing cultists begin to draw near, the ram will
attempt to escape, hopefully running through a character in the
process.

Dialogue

None but the screams of frightened characters when
the ram first shows how fearsome it truly is.

Characters

The ram has been fed with Blood from Lodin, a
Seventh Generation Vampire. As part of the ritual that Roarke
performs on the ram as it drinks the blood from him, the Physical
Attributes of the ram are wildly increased.

The Ram

Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6, Brawl 3, Alertness 3,
Dodge 2, Athletics 2, Potence 1, Celerity 1, Fortitude 1. The
horns cause aggravated wounds and provide three extra damage
dice, even when removed from the ram and used as a weapon.
However, they break and become worthless after any botch.

Scene Seventeen:
Ceremony

Plot

Depending on how quickly the characters move to the
heart of Roarke's woodland estate, they may be able to enter this
area before the cultists catch and kill the ram Ghoul. If so, when
they first enter the edge of the clearing, they will see Roarke
standing on the amphitheater floor some 40 yards away. He will

Ashes to Ashes

also see them and make a dash into the tunnels behind the
amphitheater (see the next Scene for details). This is the most
likely course of events, though the characters may be afraid of
being discovered if they continue inward while dozens of
cultists and a mad ram race around the forest.

Otherwise, the characters will arrive as the cultists are
cooking the ram. In this case, the Vampires will either have to
battle their way through or sly their way around the revelers to
reach Roarke. In any event, it's likely that Roarke will note the
presence of the characters and cuthis speech short to flee into the
tunnel.

Setting

Near the center of the woodlands is a rocky region that
descends below ground level and actually extends into a short
network of tunnels in the back of an earthen amphitheater. In
front of this amphitheater is an open area where about three
dozen members of Roarke's cult have gathered.

Inthe center of the area is a large bonfire perhaps alittle
too close toa massive tree. From one of the tree's stout branches
hangs the ram that the characters ran into last Scene. It has been
gutted and is roasting over the intense heat of the flames. The
cultists are in complete disarray as they laugh and joke among
themselves. All of them are dressed in tattered robes and ornate
hoods, and are armed with clubs and some carry machetes as
well. Soon, all of them will feast on the ram and thereby gain the
Blood of Lodin and become Ghouls for a time.

Drama

If combat breaks out between the cultists and the
characters, refer to the following information for game informa-
tion about the fanatics. If Roarke so commands, they will
sacrifice their lives in order to stop the characters.

Each will have one or two points of Kindred Blood,
probably used on their Strength or Dexterity. Thus it is better if
the characters attack before the cultists feast rather than after.

The characters can sneak around the majority of the
cultists and therefore have to dispatch only a few before pursu-
ing Roarke if they are successful with Dexterity + Stealth rolls
(difficulty 4). It's a relatively easy process because of the chaos
and darkness.

Whatever happens, try to see to it that Roarke gets
enough ofa head start to logically be able to accomplish the tasks
outlined in the next Scene.

Dialogue

If the characters do not arrive until after the cultists
have killed the ram and have gathered to cook and devour it, then
they will be privy to part of a speech from Roarke. If the
characters linger in the area while Roarke speaks, then roll

Ashes to Ashes

Perception + Alertness (difficulty depends on how close the
characters are, use your discretion) to sense the presence of
Kindred. "Some among you are not our kind," he'll shout.
"Destroy those who attempt to subvert you from the only true
path!" Roarke then flees into the tunnel. The maddened cultists
will then run in all directions in search of the intruders, who they
will wildly attack until ten of the cultists are Incapacitated. Treat
them all like normal mortals, armed with clubs and knives. If
they have feasted on the ram, increase their Strength or Dexterity
by a few points to simulate the effect of Lodin's Blood on their
bodies.

Roarke should gain such a roll anytime one of the
characters move a great distance or moves closer to him. He will
succeed sooner or later.

If the characters are not noticed because they remain
far enough away, then they will hear Roarke's mad diatribe. He
speaks of how they have been forced from the city by those who
will yet believe. He speaks of the true path and how he is the
harbinger of truth. And finally, he speaks of sweet revenge
against an old enemy who dared to challenge his power (many
of the cultists know that Roarke was away punishing someone
who had strayed from the true path while the headquarters was
raided by the police — obviously, if he had been there, then the
police would have been stymied).

Characters

Information for a typical cult member is provided ona
character sheet (see the insert).

Scene Eighteen:
Rat Tunnel

Plot

During the ceremony, when Roarke realizes that there
are Kindred present or if the characters enter the amphitheater
before the ceremony takes place, he will hurry down these
tunnels and prepare for the ultimate showdown with the charac-
ters. Ashe reaches the rat-room, where he has kept Lodin staked
on the floor in plain and terrible sight of the malicious beasts that
could pull the flesh from the Prince's helpless body, Roarke
opens all of the cages before dashing through the rough door.

Meanwhile, the rats, which have been going crazy the
last several days over the intoxicating smell of Lodin's blood,
scurry for his body. The huge numbers quickly begin to
consume the Prince, who cannot even scream the pain he must
feel. In the process, each and every rat in the room gets a taste
of Lodin's blood and they are transformed into the most horren-
dous assemblage of beasts ever. They all become Ghouls.

5S

When the characters enter the room, the rats all smell
the additional blood that awaits their greedy tongues. The pack
charges.

A final note: It is up to the characters whether Lodin
lives or dies in this Scene. However, if you plan to keep pace
with the ongoing story that will be presented in the first several
Vampire products from White Wolf, he needs to live. But then
again, the chaos that results in Chicago during the absence of a
Prince would be an excellent plot element. In the upcoming
Chicago by Night, itis generally assumed that Lodin has lived.
You' ve got to decide if you want to take it easy on yourself and
make sure he lives, or let the responsibility lie in the players'
hands.

Setting

An opening in the rear of the amphitheater leads to a
short network of tunnels that Roarke has set aside for his
personal use. No other cult member dares to enter this area.

Roarke does not use the space back here for important personal
matters, rather it serves mostly as a storage area for a variety of
props that Roarke utilizes to make his shows even better. Not
that Roarke really needs props to demonstrate that he has
powers, but the Ghoul has been smart throughout his recent
existence and has not used his precious supply of Blood for
sideshow antics. The empowering of the ram and a few simple
magic tricks have served quite nicely.

After a jaunt down a short tunnel, the characters will
arrive in a smallish grotto where this material is stored. The
tunnel continues through the grotto and after sloping downward,
alarger room is reached. Unless they are making a great deal of
noise among themselves, as the characters near this area, they
will plainly hear the squeaking of rats. When they reach the
room, it will be evident that there is a very large number of rats
and they are all swarming in the center of room.

Along the walls of this room are scores of large cages
with closely spaced bars, obviously the cages where the rats
were kept. On the opposite side of the room, beyond the
swarming rats, is a roughly cut wooden door that is shut.

56

Ashes to Ashes

Drama

Since the combat between the characters and the Rat-
Ghouls involves a mass of opponents and not single assailants,
we will have to step outside the suggestions for combat given in
the Drama Chapter in Vampire. There's an additional wrinkle
as well — the rats are not really interested in killing or damaging
the characters, though doing so would help them achieve their
goal. No, the rats are really most interested in the Blood of the
characters, and the Vampires will have to be careful in this
encounter or their Blood Pools will be seriously depleted.

Assume that there are at least twenty rats per character.
In a single round of combat, a character will be able to grab,
smash or otherwise kill a number of rats equal to the number of
successes on a Wits + Brawl roll (difficulty 5). If some rats are
still attacking the character after this maneuver (and there
definitely will be for the first several rounds), then compare that
number to the character's Dexterity + Celerity or Stamina +
Fortitude (player's choice). The amount by which the number
of rats exceeds the character's Attribute + Discipline total is the
number of dice that you should roll (difficulty 7). The number
of successes is the number of Blood Points that the character
loses due to the numerous bites of tenacious rats. When the
character has run out of Blood Points, the rats will continue to
rend the character at the rate of one Health Level per round.

Characters should roll Courage (difficulty 6) when
they are initially swarmed by the rats. A failure means that the
character is too afraid to defend himself until a Willpower point
is spent to regain composure. Until the Willpower is spent, the
character will be damaged as outlined above except she will gain
no attacks against the rats.

Conclusion 1 (You want Lodin to die) — The
characters won't see it until the rats spread out to attack them as
well, and the figure will probably be unrecognizable when they
do get a clear view, but it was the staked body of Lodin that the
rats were swarming over. All that will remain when the
characters geta look isa skeleton witha stake through itsrib cage
and a few chunks of flesh yet clinging to its bones.

Conclusion 2 (You want Lodin to live) — The
characters need to destroy all of the rats who are covering them,
and then take off the 15 who are attacking Lodin in seven turns,
or else he is so consumed that there is nothing left of him.
Otherwise they rescue him before Final Death, but he is still in
Torpor and in very bad shape (though he will return to full health
in short order — somehow he obtained the Blood of an Ancient).

Obviously, this is a very dangerous encounter for the
characters. In the early part of the conflict, when the number of
rats is so great, the characters are all bound to lose several Blood
Points, However, as the fight goes on, the characters will be able
toclean up the rats without sustaining much additional damage.

Ashes to Ashes

Dialogue

While it may seem amazing, it is actually possible to
communicate with these rats. Characters with the Discipline
Protean may attempt to communicate with some of the animals,
though the difficulty should be atleast 8 and probably 9 since the
rats are in no mood to stop for small talk. With the level two
Protean ability Call of the Wild, a character will actually be able
to disperse the rats if he can succeed at difficulty 10!

Characters

There are no new characters in this scene

Scene Nineteen:
Showdown

Plot

This Scene takes place in the same room as the battle
against the Rat-Ghouls. After releasing the rats that Roarke has
bred here for several years, he hurries out of sight into the room
beyond the wooden door. Here is the smallish room that Roarke
has used as a Haven since the beginning of his permanent stay
here (he likes to think that he is a real Vampire and sometimes
does sleep out the day). He quickly downs the emergency supply
of Blood (8 points) that he drained from the Methuselah and
prepares to enter the fray outside.

In this room are stored 4 rams horns which have been
cut off of the old rams (all of them are magical and capable of
causing aggravated wounds).

Roarke throws the door open, watches as the characters
are overwhelmed by the Rat-Ghouls and then in plain sight of
everyone, he transforms into a rat himself and disappears into
the swarms of the beasts. He has no interest in being made a
victim of the rats as well, and at this point, they will not attack
one of their own kind. The story ends when Roarke is slain.

Drama

At this point in the contest between Roarke and the
characters, the Ghoul figures that he has little chance of escaping
the characters on foot, so he decides to attack when the odds and
numbers are more to his liking, i.e. he has dozens of rats helping
him.

After joining the battle as a rat, Roarke will choose to
attack the character who seems to be handling him or herself best
against the rats. Roarke will viciously attack this character and
the character will definitely know when he has been attacked by
a "normal" rat and the one that is truly Roarke.

S7

Once the characters have gotten the rats under control,
butbefore they are totally free of the inconvenience, Roarke will
spend another Blood Pointand shift back into human form to use
his Dominate powers on one of the characters. Therefore, when
the characters are ready to assault him en masse, Roarke will
have at least one ally. He is carrying a ram's horn which he had
secreted in the room, and will use it to try to stab the characters
who get too close to him.

From this point on, you must get into the mind of
Roarke and plan his tactics in whatever manner best suits the
situation. He will be smart and cunning, it will not be easy to out-
think him though it should be possible. Make sure you do not
make him as omniscient are you are as the Storyteller.

Dialogue

You may allow the characters to converse with Roarke
after the death blow has been struck or after all of his Blood
Points have been spent and his true age slowly catches up with
him and he finally expires. The aging starts very slow, almost
imperceptibly, but it gradually picks up speed until the point
where he is losing a year a second. Roarke will speak freely with
the characters, but use this as an opportunity to only hintat some
things that you mightinclude in your Chronicle. Do not hand the
characters outright the information they may seek.

Atany point following the characters' dispatching of
the rats, Roarke will be willing to talk truce, especially if the
characters explain that they are only searching for Lodin and are
notout to avenge the ex-Prince. If the characters will be satisfied
with picking up what remains of Lodin and leaving, then Roarke
will count himself lucky. He will immediately vacate the
Chicago area, leaving behind any cultists who are still alive.

Characters

Roarke, the villain of this story, is described here. Be
sure not to confuse this information about Roarke with that
provided in the Villain's Flashback for the Roarke of twenty
years ago.

Roarke
Human Birth: 1875

The Embrace: Ghoul since 1908

Description: Once a very well-groomed man,
Roarke is a frightening sight at 6'5", now that his hair is
long and wild. His eyes also betray that a bit of his sanity
has perhaps been lost in recent years.

Demeanor: Martyr (changed in recent years)

Nature: Fanatic ( changed in recent years)

Notes: See the Introduction and the Advanced
Storytelling Section for a wealth of information about
Roarke.

58

Afterword

There are many different ways in which this story can
be concluded. Everything depends on what the characters do
and how well their actions work. Therefore, it must be you who
judges what will happen after the end of Scene Nineteen.
However, there are some general guidelines we can describe as
well as a few rewards and penalties to discuss.

First of all, if the characters are able to rescue Lodin,
they will have made a very powerful ally who owes them a BIG
favor. Imagine having a Prince on your side. Indeed, he may
offer to make some of the characters his bodyguards (requiring
a Blood Bond of course), which would go against the decree of
the Primogen (who do not wish Lodin to have anyone Blood
Bound). But after what has occurred, he feels confident of
getting away with this. Such a post would involve immense
status, impressive powers and some interesting responsibilities
(see the Chronicle concept: "Brood ofa Prince" in Vampire for
details). If the characters do not accept this offer, they still are
much better off than they were when they began the Chronicle.

Roarke (villain

Politics 00000
Science, 00000

$ -Advautages +
Disetplines Backgrounds Virtues
fork Conscience, 28000
‘Self-Control.
x x
= +
Fe Other Traitss ‘Humanity Health
Colerits 20000 Bruised o
Sitiaimme too eee eeoooo0 peed g
eeon0 Inpred 2-0
Cocco Fe Willpowermact Wounded 3 0
et Mauled o
te—=Combat—t OOO OO E000 oes a 4 Oo
Nem fata] COOOCOOOO0  treymctated 0

"Fe=Blood Poolmec

Atuibuis 1/58 Abies: 1N9/5 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: $ Vinwes: 10 Freebie Pointe: 15 (72/1)

Ashes to Ashes

If Lodin dies, things may be more serious. If they
report to Ballard or Neally immediately, the site of Lodin's death
can be investigated and the characters themselves will be exon-
erated. However, it is very possible that Belthazar will still be
seeking revenge (if the characters helped Damien) and the best
they can expect is to be escorted back to Gary and told never to
return (until the next crisis at least), If they helped Belthazar, the
characters will be welcome in Chicago and Ballard (the new
Prince) will allow them to present themselves to him and be
made part of Chicago's Kindred.

No matter what, the characters will be allowed to retain
the ram's horns as well as whatever information they scavenged
in Lodin's Haven (which can turn out to be quite valuable).
Simply knowing the names of Havens of many of Chicago's
Kindred is reward enough for this story.

Experience points should certainly be assigned after
the conclusion. You may also wish to allocate additional points.
This can be based on who did the most to solve the mystery,
which character did the best in combat, or who saved everyone
else's bacon in a major way. Don't be too general, for what
rewards you give now will set the precedent for future rewards,
but if the players do well, make sure they feel good about it.

There are many elements of the plot you may want to
weave into future stories, particularly the potential enmity
between Belthazar and Damien, and the Dominance exerted by
the sleeping Methuselah. Indeed, if the characters still possess
Lodin's pendant, the Methuselah will be able to keep an active
eye on them and may call on them to return to him some day. If
atall possible, he will try to get the characters to drink his Blood
again until they are Blood Bound to him. He understands the
importance of capable pawns.

At this point, it is up to you to continue the Chronicle.
There are any number of directions you can take it. Just make
sure you pick a route the players seem interested in. You may
wish to purchase Chicago by Night to get a better idea of what
the Byzantine politics and twisted Kindred of Chicago are like.
Additionally, elements of this plot will be progressed further in
a future supplement, Dust to Dust™.

Iam ashes where I was once fire.

— Lord Byron, To the Countess
of Blessington

Ashes to Ashes

59


AK-DVANCED STORYTELLING
SECTION (OPTIONAL )

The Villain's Flashback; where the flames of revenge are
stoked

NOTE: This portion of Ashes to Ashes does not have to be
played in order to enjoy the story. This secondary story is
presented for use by those Storytellers who would like to gain
the most impact out of the storytelling technique employed be
White Wolf in Vampire. See the introduction to this story for
more information.

This chapter of the story is the first use in a published
Vampire product of a secondary story. These types of stories
were discussed in Vampire, and include such techniques as
Parallel stories and Flashbacks. Such a story is meant to be told
in conjunction with the main story and players will control
characters completely different from those they control in the
regular, or primary, story.

In the main story of Ashes to Ashes, players take the
role of Vampires struggling for their lives in Chicago. In this
secondary story, they will portray mortals who are Retainers to
a Kindred. These characters do not have to be created by the
players unless there are more than five players. The five
characters provided in this chapter have been specifically tailored
for use here, though it will be a relatively simple matter for you
to make room for other characters. If you have fewer than five
players, then allow the players to pick from the characters
offered, but make sure that someone plays Roarke. Yes, this is
the same Roarke that plays a major role in the primary story of
Ashes to Ashes.

This secondary story is a Villain Flashback (flashback:
"the interruption of chronological sequence in a literary or
theatrical work by interjection of events of earlier occurrence").
Therefore, the events of this chapter have already taken place in
the world of Vampire, but the characters still play through the
story. It may seem confusing, but it's not. It's like those parts
in books where the author cuts to another scene to let the reader
know more of the background of the events that have already
been presented. For example, in such a flashback, we may
discover that the novel's main character is from a family with a
history of mental illness. Later in the book, when the protagonist
begins to acta little strange, the reader knows a possible source
for that behavior.

Ashes to Ashes

In the secondary story, the players not only have a
chance to meet Lodin, the Prince of Chicago, but they will also
learn why Roarke hates Lodin so deeply. When the characters
discover that the "Ghoulie man" of the primary story is Roarke,
they might feel some sympathy for him and his obvious quest for
vengeance against Lodin. Plus, imagine how the players will
react to the player controlling Roarke in the secondary story
when they all learn that Roarke is the enemy in the primary story.
Smile knowingly when Roarke is "killed" near the end of the
secondary story and the players wonder how he could possibly
be the enemy. This will only contribute to the misconception
that he is a Vampire.

The main purpose of any secondary story is to lend
strength to the theme of the primary story. As the theme of
Ashes to Ashes concerns itself with double-dealing and intrigue,
the true hallmark of Vampire society, this flashback will ac-
centuate such schemes by blatantly showing the characters that
they are pawns ina much larger, and perhaps largely insignificant,
game.

The difference lies in the fact of the players' knowl-
edge of the manipulation. In the primary story, as discussed in
the Theme section at the beginning of the book, the behind-the-
scenes manipulations occur without the characters even realizing
that it is going on. The conclusion of the secondary story,
however, will show them without mirrors that they are the
playthings of other, greater beings, and perhaps infer to the
players that the same is possible of their real characters.

The fun in this secondary story is two-fold. First, as in
all such stories, the players have a chance to play a completely
new character. This is a character that they have not developed
or even encountered in previous play, so the players should not
feel constrained to play the characters in a certain way. It's
spontaneous roleplaying.

The second part of the fun is the dichotomy between the
hidden and blatant intrigue. If players understand that the
purpose of a secondary story is to highlight the theme of the
primary story, then imagine how befuddled they will become
when they are so obviously used in the secondary story. How,
they will begin to ask themselves, are we being manipulated in
the primary story? The paranoia created is immense and the
players will start looking over shoulders and questioning the

61

motives of everyone they meet. That's how it should be in
Vampire, especially in Chicago.

Setting the Scene

In this secondary story, the players assume the roles of
Retainers (as per the Background Trait) of Lodin, the Prince of
Chicago. They are completely loyal to Lodin, and though they
have all been dominated by him at one time or another, they have
come to gain quite a bit of free will. Inform the players
immediately that they will absolutely not be allowed to take
actions against Lodin. Those who become Prince know well
who can be trusted, and the characters of the players are
definitely trusted.

All of the characters are mortals, the kind of servants
Vampires require for daytime protection. Since Lodin will be
taking an international journey during the story, the help of such
mortals becomes even more important. This is especially so
considering Lodin's unwillingness to utilize the services of
Kindred who offer safe passage around the world. Lodin's basic

idea is, "Who wouldn't want to see the Prince of Chicago meet
Final Death. I can trust no one but those close to me to see me
safely to my destination." He will say as much to the characters.

This Flashback is to a time a little more than twenty
years ago; 1969 to be specific. The chaos of the Democratic
National Convention in the city is only a year gone, but the
1970's will soon heat up. Watergate is a fiasco waiting to
happen. Inthe world of Vampire, Kindred were involved in the
political convention debacle, but did they have anything to do
with Watergate? That question is not answered in this book, but
it is that kind of atmosphere this Flashback is set in.

Not much of the story takes place in America, but you
might take some opportunities to populate settings with hippies
and war-protesters. In fact, you will note that one of the
characters is a bit of a hippie herself.

Characters

Presented here are details of the five characters that are
presented for use by your players. Game information is presented
in the standard character sheet format.

62

Ashes to Ashes

Roarke

Apparent Age: 33 (Born: 1875 (Ghoul since 1908))

Description: Roarke is giant ofamanas he stands6'5".
His body is lanky, but his movements are athletic and well-
coordinated. His brown hair is nicely trimmed and Roarke
general makes an effort to appear well-dressed.

Demeanor: Conformist
Nature: Plotter

Notes: A businessman ina still regrowing Chicago at the
turn of the century, Roarke found success representing the
industrial interests of the city to areas across the country. He was
good at playing hardball, and at using bribes to getprojects done,
his skills made him a very rich man. It was during his repping
of one particular client, Lake Michigan Tools and Hardware,
that Roarke caught the attention ofa man who would completely
change his existence. Lodin, the new Prince of Chicago, was the
owner of the company and he saw that Roarke's obvious people
skills and long-term planning proficiencies could be of great use
tohim. Roarke has been with Lodin ever since. He is the leader
of Lodin's Ghouls, and works hard to serve Lodin in whatever
manner is required. For a long time you were Lodin's contact
with the Police department, but when your contact died (the
chief of Police) Lodin began to use a different means of control-
ling the police — you would love to figuree out how he does it.

The Others: You respect the abilities of Natasha,
struggle to keep Derek in line, call upon Julian's advice fre-
quently, and have a soft spot in your heart for Amber.

Roleplaying Tips: Speak clearly and firmly, and
make sure that your voice always carries the tone of authority.
Leadership comes naturally too you, but itis still something you
have to pay attention to if you want to be any good at it. You
have the nervous habit of summing you fingers.

Ashes to Ashes

{= VAMPIRE"

Roarke (flashback)

$ "Attributes +
1, Phyacal Social Mental
Strength Chasis Perception
Dexterty Manipulation Intelligence BSCernea
Stamina Appearance. wis, .
Abilities:

Skills Knowledge

Animal Ken, Dareaucmcy____ 00000

Compute. 00000

Finance. (00000
Investigation, 20000
L

Empathy.

Inumidatice eee
Leadership. Occult 28000
Streetwise : feeooo Pall 00000
Subterfige = Sarva ooo Science 00000
oa Advautages -}
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues:
When ghoal 00000 oo | Conscience,
20000 000
0000 000 — Self-Control,
0000 00000 Cournge___peeeo
x
+ +
eeOther Traitsse Foe Humanityees fo Health
‘00000 Beuised o
o000e we eeeee000 yet 2
eonee Ingred 2
tee Willpower eet Wounded 3 0

t_—Combat—~t © © © © 80000
ooooo00000

Mauled 4 0

Weapon [ostintg] Damage

4—Blood Pool
0000000000

‘Auibwies 793 Abit: 19913 Disciplines: 3 Background 5 Virwe: 10 Freebie Pint: 15 (/S72/)

63

————o
‘to—— VAMPIRE

Natasha
+ Attribute: > 3
Physical s Mental
Sumi —___eeeeo Appearance Say Wits_Oui

Abilities:

Skills Knowledge
Bureaucracy 00000

Computer, (00000

inane. (00000

Investigation (20000

Law, ‘2000

00000 Linguists 00000
(00000 Medicine, ‘20000
e000 Ocal ‘20000
e000 Polite 00000
00000 Selene 00000

Disciplines
yal! 00000
00000 80000

be
Jonscience,
20000 0000 Self Control,
20000 00000
0000 00000 Courage.

x
t

Fo Other Traits

fte—Humanity—eF Health

0 Bruised a
eeeceevc000 eg eae
‘00000 Inued 2
20000 teeee Willpower manet= Wounded 3 0
-toe—Combat—t- © 9 9 8 00000 Eran) a
Kee peels) COOCOOOOGO —inepeetited O
some Experiences=ot
+t--Blood Pool=-et perrene
0000000000

"Asinacs 788 Abies 13975 Dips: 3 Background 5 Vues 10 Freie Poste 15 (BAM)

64

Natasha

Age: 32 (Born: 1937)

Description: Though Natasha is a slender 5'7", her body
ishardened by extensive workouts and her strength has surprised
many an enemy. Shoulder length, blunt-cut, blond hair frames
a finely sculpted face.

Demeanor: Director

Nature: Cavalier

Notes: Natasha is Lodin's bodyguard. Though she doesn't
look like one, she's very capable of doing her job — keeping
Lodin alive (so to speak). When looks and intelligence don't
work, she's not a bad shot either, having been granted Marks-
man status at the FBI academy (where she was one of the first
female students in the early 50's). She's also earned blackbelts
in Judo, Tai-kwan-do and Jingitsu. Natasha was attached to
Special Affairs in the Bureau and it was through this branch that
she met Lodin, Natasha didn't know Lodin was a Vampire at the
time, but he was a lead into suspected para-normal activities in
the Chicago area. However, during the course of her investiga-
tion into Lodin, Natasha's own Russian ancestry put her under
the suspicion of her own department for so called "communist
activities" (after all, it was the McCarthy era). When she was
fired from her post because of her so called security risk,
Natasha ran to Lodin who had offered her a job when they had
met earlier. He used his connections with the Ventrue Justicar
(who had influence over Hoover) to have Natasha's name
completely removed from the FBI files. Natasha has served
Lodin faithfully ever since, though occasionally she suspects
him of setting up the whole deal that got her fired so she would
have to turn to him,

You are fairly easy to understand — you are loyal to
Lodin for one reason, because he lets you demonstrate how good
youare. Above all else, you want to prove yourself, to show that
you are better than anyone else at what you do — killing.
Nothing equals that in importance to you. You work for a man
you despise, because he grants you that freedom.

The Others:

You appreciate the cool resolve of Julian Curry above
all the others. In his own unique way, he has what it takes. You
despise the empty bravado of Derek who can't seem to keep his
hands off of you. His unprofessionalism has made your job more
difficulton many an occasion. Amber is anobody and you don't
understand why Lodin has her around since she serves no useful
purpose. Roarke is the leader when Lodin is not around. You
understand that, but there is something about him you don' tlike.

Roleplaying Tips:

Play the cold blond Nordic siren to the hilt. Gaze at
those who behave stupidly with icy cold eyes, and carry yourself
with grace and precision. Don't let anyone, especially a man,
boss you around — unless his name happens to be Lodin, your
boss.

Ashes to Ashes

Amber

Age: 22 (Born: 1947)

Description: The archetypical hippie, Amber's waist
length, dirty blonde hair occasionally needs the help of an iron
tokeep it straight. Her cornflower-blue eyes are the highlight of
arather homely face. Her habitual look of wonder leads many
to believe that Amber is naive, a fact which she often uses to her
advantage.

Demeanor: Hedonist

Nature: Conformist

Notes: You met Lodin while at the Woodstock Music
Festival. He was quite the trip. His manner of speech and old-
fashioned clothing clashed with the tie-dies and flowers every-
one else was wearing. Yet you were inexplicably drawn to him.
You were most amazed at his display of physical prowess,
catching Pete Townshend's guitar when the musician threw it
into the crowd at the end of the show. For some reason, you have
stuck with him ever since, taking care of him as his personal
attendant and hostess, and providing him with blood now and
then, in emergencies. Lodin takes good care of you though too
—you like that, he supplies you with whatever you need (though
he has cut back a lot on the drugs, except on nights when he's in
the mood for it). Someday, you'll probably move on, but why
mess up a good thing? Life's much too short and youth
definitely doesn't last forever, unless you get a drink of a
Vampire's Blood every now and then.

Lately, you have begun to deal with some of Lodin's
political as well as personal affairs. You have an affinity with
people and can use your innocence to get them off guard and in
more of a mood to deal. When Lodin wants to get some
information out of someone or needs them softened up, he turns
to you.

The Others: You and Derek get along very well — for
awhile you even slept together. Even though that is now in the
past, you are the best of friends and conspire together about the
others frequently. You fear Natasha, since she is much too cold
for your taste. You certainly don't understand her. You like to
tease "poor Julian" because he gets flustered so easily, but you
rather like him despite him pompousness. You can't help but
feel sorry for him as well. Recently you read a letter sent to him
by his sister (well it was just laying around) and found out that
he had been disowned by his mother. You don't understand
Roarke but follow his lead in everything — he's in charge. In
times of crisis, you tun to him instinctively — he is your pillar
of strength.

Roleplaying Tips: Underplay your role and work on
the subtleties. Arch your eyebrows when you question what
someone says, but don't contradict them. When you think you
are best person for a job, step right in and take over. You only
seem like a flake because that puts you at an advantage.

Ashes to Ashes

wy

t= Attribute: ot
Physical Social Mental
Strength 20000 ChartsmaLnnecent « Perception 28000
> Ma tclgeace saeco
Appenrnace 2000
Abilities +
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting @ee00 Animal Ken___00000 Bareaucmey___ 00000
Athletics__00000 _ Exiquette_PEIWiCS 00000
Dale feeooo Nek 00000
Intimidation. 00000 — Repair. 00000 — Medicine. .@0000
U 0000 Security, 00000 Occult, €0000
‘0000 Stealth eeooo Pall see00
Ue. e000 Survival, 00000 — Science, 00000
s. z
= +
Disciplines Virtues
When gher i! 00000 Seger Conscienc
@0000) _ ‘SelfControl,
sco00 ~—————— _s0000
uy @0000 00000 = Courage______eeoco
x = x
+ =
ane Traitse  ——Humanitye=* Health
Seduction
ate a
20000 4 Willpowermmet- Wounded 3 0
Mauled: o
-ta— Combate 9 99 OB B0000 Gna 60
tes iawfee] COOOOOOOOO Tneapacitated
-toe-Experiencesmct-

-f--Blood Pool
0000000000

ee

Ausibuice 75/3 Abies 199/5 Disciplines: 3 Background Viwes 10 Freebie Points 15 (1572/1)

65

Fe. —
pore
erek Gallen

+ Attributes es
ysics Social Mental
Stren Chats 20000 Perception
Dexterity Skeady Manipulation_— Intelligence
Stamina Appearance Wits,
t= Abilities:
Talents ‘Skills: Knowledge

(00000
Linguistics, 20000

000 Drive eee00

aton_——00000 Medicine ‘20000
su. ‘e000 Ost ‘20000
se, 20000 bh Palkics ‘*0000

‘Subterfuge. 00000 Survival, e000 Science. .00000
+ Advantage: +=
Disciplines Virtues:
0000 eoo00 Sel
s0000 0000
5 98x #0000 00000

Foe—Humanity—=

e@eeceeccoo

00000
00000

20000 te Willpower

F—Combat—wts ©0008 80000
ooooooo0000

Weapon [oat] Damage

f= Experiences

F2=-Blood Pools
0000000000

‘Attibuis: 75/3 Abies: 1399/3 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds $ Vines: 10 Freebie Poin: 15 (ISN)

66

Derek

Born: 29 (Born: 1940)

Description: At 6'5", Derek stands above most men.
His Italian heritage makes him a natural with the ladies. Almost
everyone loves Derek's good-natured grin and easy-going
manner.

Demeanor: Gallant

Nature: Conniver

Notes: Derek moved to Chicago in the early 60's, after
atourof duty in Korea, where he flew helicopters fora M*A*S*H
unit. Soon after he arrived in the Windy City, Derek became a
regular at Daley's. It was there that he met Lodin. When Lodin
needed a pilot for a midnight flight to New York, he sought
Derek's services. Since then, Derek has used his skills to get
Lodin into and out of many places, from St. Louis to Gary. For
his part, Derek likes Lodin, and besides, the pay is great and the
excitement level high.

He is arisk taker above all else, and needs the constant
stimulation of risking his life. It's that which gets him in the
most trouble with Lodin, who believes caution is the better part
of valor.

The Others: Youand Amber get along very well. For
awhile you slept together, but you quickly bored of it (she's not
good looking enough for you to stick around). You are still
friends though. You lust after Natasha and hate her for her
aloofness. You come on to her every chance you get — if you
can't sleep with her, at least you can make her squirm. Roarke
is the boss, but you always make it clear to him that you are your
own boss by doing things your own way. You think that Julian
is a coward and chastise him for it every chance you get — you
just hate whimps.

Roleplaying Tips: You are a hot dog, and love the
excitement and exhilaration of danger more than anything else.
Constantly shoot off your mouth and do things without thinking.
However, always let Roarke reign you back in.

Ashes to Ashes

Julian Curry

Age: 36 (Born: 1933)

Description: Julian stands 5'6" tall, and is slightly
overweight. His thinning hair makes him look much older than
he really is — that and his affection for molehair cardigans.

Demeanor: Director

Nature: Plotter

Notes: Julian Curry takes care of all Lodin's financial
affairs. He met Lodin through his former employer, Chase
Manhattan Bank, who took care of Lodin's finances until Lodin
stole Julian away from them. Lodin offered him a far greater
salary and fairly substantial side benefits — immortal life. He
is proud of his education and upper class upbringing, and much
of his pride stems from his family status. However, that is also
a sore point for him, since he began to work with Lodin, he has
not seen his family and recently he was disowned by his mother.
This is a secret he is reluctant to share with anyone.

The Others: You and Natasha get along very well —
you respect her and she respects you in return. She is someone
whom you and Lodin can trust. A lover of classical music, you
despise Amber's and Derek's addiction for "rock and roll."
During the day, you clash constantly over what to play — of
course at night, Lodin insists upon classical, so at least partof the
time you get what you want without a fight.

You obey Roarke's orders explicitly, but insist upon
private council with Lodin later when you disagree with what
you have been told todo. You jealously hoard your time with
Lodin and pride yourself on the relationship you have built up
with the man you adore.

Roleplaying Tips: Carry yourself with the utmost in
dignity and restraint. No matter what happens, you never lose

your cool. You are somewhat pompous and don't feel a
reluctance to let people know what you think of them.

Ashes to Ashes

{——= VAMPIRE"

Julian Curry

Poe

+
Physical
Strength,
Dextenty
Stamina

Mental
Perception,

Inieligence Logical

Wits

a

Acting.

Knowledge

‘Alertnesa.

Athletics —
Brave
Dodge

Empathy.
Intimidation,
Leadership.

r 00000

Medicine. 20000
Occult 20000

Streetwise

Soounty
Stealth, {00000

Politics ‘00000

Subterfuge. e000

Survival 00000

Sclence__— 80000

x
$
Disciplines
00000
#0000
20000
x

Advantage:

Backgrounds

0 e000
2 .

Self Control
Courage. 0000

x

t

fom Other Traits
00000

Combat

a os es

‘Abus: 72573 Abilis: INB/S Disigtincs: 3 Backgrounds: Viwes:

-fo-—Humanity
eeeeeee000

-Fe— Willpower ot
e@eeee00000
ooooo00000

$—Blood Pool
0000000000

+
tee Health ]
Beuised

o
Tut 41 0
Id 2 0
Wounded 8 0

10 Freebie Pins 15 CUS)

67

Running a

Secondary Story

As this is the first secondary story White Wolf has
printed, and since it's unlikely that you have run this sort of
additional story in the past, you may be interested in some tips
about how to proceed.

The most important thing about telling more than one
story is the pacing. Learning how to pace one story, as discussed
in Vampire, can be a daunting task in itself. Now, you need to
coordinate two stories, and that's at least twice as hard. The trick
is knowing when to change from one story to other. In some
cases, like when the secondary story is a Parallel story, this is
simple. In such a story you just need to mirror the events of one
story in another.

For instance, in one of the examples cited in Vampire,
a group of high school students out for a drive happen upon an
old mansion. This mansion, years later, is also the site of the
climax of the story concerning the Vampire characters. So when
the high school students arrive at the house, you would imme-
diately shift to the Vampires and tell that story until those
characters arrive at the house. Then shift back and allow the high
school students to enter the house and look around. Continue to
pace the parallel story in such a fashion.

The secondary story in Ashes to Ashes, however, is a
Villain Flashback. This kind of story is a little harder to
coordinate with a primary story because it calls for more
decision-making on the part of the Storyteller. Instead of being
able to respond to obvious cues and shiftto the other story, it will
be your call when to make the shift — there are no hard and fast
tules.

Throughout the text of the secondary story are some
suggested points when the shift can be made between the
primary and secondary stories. These suggestions are made
based on the projected pacing of the story. Your story is likely
to flow differently than any other Storyteller's because your
players are unique, so simply make the shift whenever you
consider the moment to be climatic. For example, when one of
the players' Vampire characters in the primary story uses the
Auspex Discipline in the hidden basement of Roarke's old
hideout, you may want to shift immediately. The players will
then eagerly wait for details of the clues they expect you will tell
them when you return to the primary story. Little do they know
that the Vampire who used Auspex will be going into a terrible
Frenzy. That's effective use of shifting between stories.

The model to use when shifting between stories is
almost any good novel that changes perspectives from character
to character. Most writers inevitably choose to shift to the
perspective of another character in the novel when a tense
moment has arrived. To see this technique put to excellent use,

68

we suggest reading Carrion Comfort by Dan Simmons. Besides,
chess plays a major role in this book just as it does in this
secondary story, and it's a Vampire tale.

A Final Tip

This secondary story is much shorter than the primary
story. Of course, this only presents another pacing problem.
When do you begin the secondary story and where in relation-
ship to the primary story should it end? Since the secondary
story opens ina Haven of Prince Lodin, we recommend that you
begin this story immediately prior to the Vampire characters'
inspection of the Haven. While this gives the storiesa suggestion
of being Parallel, the players may later realize that it is a
Flashback.

Also, we recommend that the secondary story be
concluded sometime around the time that the Vampires in the
primary story retrieve the body of the Methuselah from the
clutches of Michael Standdown. While there is not enough
space in this publication to go too deeply into the politics and
intrigue of Chicago (check out Chicago by Night for that), this
timing of the conclusion should give you and the players
something of a hint about what's to come. There is a very big
game being played in Chicago, and who is who's dupe is very
hard to determine.

Characters Used
by the Players

Listed on page 62 are statistics for the five suggested
mortal characters for use in this secondary story. As noted
above, only one of these characters must be played, so if you
have fewer than five players, then make sure that one of them
assumes the role of Roarke. You will need to create additional
characters if you have more than five players. Use these five as
guidelines when creating such characters.

Scene One:
At Ease in the Windy City

Plot

This is a very simple Scene. The only thing of true
importance that must happen is Lodin's announcement that the
characters will accompany him onan overseas trip the following
night. Otherwise, use the suggestions listed below to keep play

Ashes to Ashes

moving and allow the players to become comfortable with their
new characters.

Lodin will uncharacteristically spend the entire night
at the Haven. He simply desires to rest before what he refers to
as a very important journey. Don't let on to the players how
trivial the journey really is.

One of the main goals of this Scene should be allowing
the players some time to get accustomed to their new characters.
It can be difficult, though rewarding, to suddenly play a char-
acter other than your normal one, let alone one that you did not
create, so give some grace time here. One even more important
thing — don't let the players get frustrated with the new roles.
If you see that your players are unable or unwilling to play this
secondary story, then justdon'tuse it. Asnoted in the introduction,
the story is complete even without the Flashback; the secondary
story simply provides a little extra depth to the Theme.

One technique that might help the players get into their
roles more quickly is playing the earlier parts of this Scene using
Live-Action roleplaying. You may recall that this same tech-
nique was recommended at the beginning of Baptism by Fire
when the players were Vampires for the very first time. If the
technique worked well then and your group enjoys Live-Action
roleplaying, then you should definitely employ it here. In Live-
Actionroleplaying, players can use body language to accentuate
the words of their character. Especially if the character played
has a strong personality ora personality quirk like the mortals of
this secondary story, Live-Action roleplay can speed the process.
of familiarity. If a character always cocks her head when she
speaks, then it will help if the player is allowed to do this as well
when speaking for her.

There are several bit parts that you can play to help the
players become comfortable with the characters. Listed below
are some ideas, but feel free to add any of your own.

Setting

This story opens in one of the Havens of Prince Lodin.
This Haven happens to be the very same one from which Lodin
will later (chronologically, not in terms of how events are
presented in this story) disappear. See page 33, for details of the
layout of this Haven. In general, the Haven is not any different
in this story. It will be neater here, and the Vault door will still
be intact.

The characters have free reign of the place with one
exception — they may not enter the central vault area in which
Lodin sleeps. It is from within that Lodin conducts his most
secret business, the kind he cannot perform, even in front of
those he absolutely trusts. It is simply too likely that some other
Kindred could get control of one of the characters and pry
information from him or her.

Begin the secondary story with a bang by having the
vault door open

Ashes to Ashes

However, you should give the players a moment to
look over their new mortal characters before asking them what
they are doing to entertain themselves in the luxury suite.
Basically, let them have whatever they want here. Remember,
they are the private bodyguards of the Prince of Chicago, a
Vampire who happens to have quite a few mortal connections as
well. Make note of the details of any equipment that Roarke
might be using so you may make effective use of this in the
primary story. Also, have Lodin join Roarke in whatever he is
doing if that's possible. For example, if Roarke decides that he
would like to be playing pinball, Lodin will challenge him to a
game. Then allow the Vampire characters in the primary story
to find a mangled pinball machine in the suite Lodin destroyed
years ago after the events of the secondary story took place. He
demolished it out of anguish, but don't let the players know that.

Dialogue

+ Parcel Delivery: This part of the story may be told
before or after Lodin has informed the characters of the trip to
London. It all depends on how well-prepared you desire the
characters to be when they have to make decisions concerning
shipping the package. Without knowledge of the trip, they will
be more prone to make a mistake that will anger Prince Lodin.

Herman, the doorman of the building, rings Lodin's
suite and informs whomever answers that there is a large
package in the lobby for delivery to Mr. Lodin. He says the
delivery man is requesting a signature for the package and
though Herman would normally just sign for such items "this is
such a large package" that he thinks someone should check it
out.

One or more characters should go down to the lobby to
check this out. When they get down there, they will find an
impatient, and somewhat rude, delivery man trying to get
Herman to sign for the package. As the characters arrive, the
delivery man is threatening to just reload the package and
attempt redelivery tomorrow when "the staff may be a little
more cooperative."

Herman will be very relieved to turn the situation over
to the characters. The delivery man ("Harold" according to the
name stitched on his uniform) will try to geta quick signature for
the package so he can leave. After all, it's late, this is his last
delivery of the day, and he wants to go home.

The characters will hopefully take some time to examine
the package before they signanything. The parcel is indeed very
large. It's about seven feet long, three feet high, and three feet
wide. Hopefully, players will realize that a box this size could
contain a coffin. Actually, the content is not a coffin, but itis a
large, sealable box that Lodin intends to use on the upcoming
trip.

Alert characters will notice that the delivery label has
two addresses on it. One is the billing address, which is the

69

address of the suite, while the other address is a warehouse at
O'Hare International Airport, the true delivery address. Unless
a player specifically announces that he or she is looking at the
label, they must roll Perception + Bureaucracy (difficulty 5) to
notice the two addresses and realize the mistake that has been
made.

If the delivery man is requested to take the package to
O'Hare, he will flatly refuse, saying that it is not on his route.
Besides, he points out, the package has priority delivery and was
shipped via air delivery from Oregon for delivery today. With
asuccessful Appearance + Intimidation (difficulty 8) acharacter
can "convince" the delivery man that a trip to the airport would
be in everyone's best interest. However, such a heavy-handed
technique should not be used in front of Herman. Alternatively,
you may give the characters a chance to trick the delivery man
into taking the package to the airport by using Manipulation +
Subterfuge.

If Lodin has already awakened by the time the delivery
man arrives, then the characters can go to him for instructions.
He will be very upset about the confusion (in his mind, such
mishaps threaten the Masquerade) and demands that the charac-
ters see that the package is delivered to the airport, even if they
have to hail a taxi, stuff the parcel in the trunk, and take it
themselves.

The most important dialogue that must take place in
this Scene is between Lodin and the characters. The Scene
should begin before nightfall so therefore before Lodin will
awaken, but soon after he is up, Lodin will explain thateveryone
must prepare for a trip to London. The Prince demands that
nothing of this trip be mentioned to anyone, for it is very
important that it remain a secret.

While Lodin truly does desire the trip to be a secret, the
repercussions of someone discovering the trip or even the nature
of the Prince's business is not nearly as dire as you should make
itseem. The more ominous the reason for the journey, the more
foolish the players will feel when the nature of the business is
revealed in Scene Six.

Drama

You, and no doubt the players, will recognize Sheriff
from the primary story. The players will dislike him there as
well. While a significant amount of time (in mortal terms) has
passed between the times of the two stories, if statistics for the
Kindred are needed, just refer to the primary story.

After the players have had a chance to settle into their
new roles, it's time for a little action to liven the scene up a little
bit. First, make sure that Lodin is busy doing something on his
own.— maybe he has returned to his vault to attend to private
matters. Then interrupt whatever is going on by loudly rapping
on the table to simulate a knock at the suite's door. Try to startle
the players. Anyone who speaks through the door to the caller
will be met by a very surly, antagonistic man demanding to be
let in. It's a Kindred and he has business with Lodin.

70

The characters should roll Intelligence + Etiquette
(difficulty 4) to recall that Lodin does not like to be disturbed
while in his vault. In fact, he does not appreciate being bothered
while ata Haven at all, though this Haven is his most accessible
and public one. Also, an Intelligence + Security roll (difficulty
6) will allow a character to recognize the Kindred as one of
Lodin's Eyes, personally appointed individuals who keep watch
over various parts of the city, wary for more trouble from the
Anarchs. After the uprising of Anarchs during the Democratic
Convention, Lodin is being very careful. However, the Anarchs
are chaffing at being overseen by these Eyes, so it is a practice
that Lodin will faze out in another year.

Normally, the characters would have no trouble at all
recognizing anyone this close to Lodin, but this particular Eye,
named Belthazar (as Sheriff was known at this time — see Scene
Three of the primary story), keeps watch over the upper class
districts of the city. It's a cushy assignment and requires little
work on Belthazar's part. Anarchs rarely cause trouble in that
area of the city, so the characters have had little need to pay this
particular Eye any notice, Those who pay attention to their job,
though, will certainly recall even details like this.

Belthazar will not tolerate being mistreated by any of
the characters, for they are mere mortals. If one of them yells at
him at the door, then the Kindred will slug the character in the
stomach and move on by. If that blow is landed, there will at
least be doubt in the victim's mind that the previously unknown
guest is a Vampire.

As Belthazar walks into the suite, he mumbles angrily
under his breath. The characters will catch such comments as
"some crazy Malkavian bitch" and "just like her crazed kind not
toask for permission." He demands to speak with the Prince, but
after perhaps losing control for a moment when he first arrived,
the Kindred will not cause further harm to the mortals. Afterall,
he realizes, it's not good policy to hurt those the Prince relies
upon. However, he will defend himself against attack or
retaliation. Once things have settled down, he insists that his
business is urgent and commands that Lodin be informed he is
here. If pressed for details, he will explain that he feels strongly
that an unauthorized Embrace was delivered in the city.

If one of the characters goes to Lodin with news of the
visitor, the Prince will at first tell the character to be silent and
that he will be out ina moment. Lodin is inside finalizing plans
for his chartered plane for the trip to London. After he completes
that (about five minutes later), he emerges and immediately
admonishes the character for disturbing him. The only defense
the character has is to mention the unsanctioned Embrace. If the
character either did not glean that detail from Belthazar or does
not mention it, then he or she will be punished for the duration
of the story by having to do all the dirty jobs.

If the Embrace is mentioned, then Lodin will become
very interested and praise the character for the wise judgement
call to let him know. Lodin will then speak privately with
Belthazar in the library. Despite their best intentions not to
overhear the conversation (sure!), the characters will hear

Ashes to Ashes

Belthazar shout in exasperation a couple of times. "How can you
allow her, or anyone, to get away with that? Everyone knows
that you of all Princes are most severe on this count!"

In the end, Belthazar will storm out of the suite again,
mumbling under his breath, "Owes her something, he says.
Phahhh, owes her nothing." Lodin will retum to the vault.

Depending on how often you desire to shift back and
forth between stories and how violent the encounter with
Belthazar is at first, you may decide that this is a good time for
ashift back to the primary story. However, if a relatively short
amount of time has been spent in this story, then you should
probably continue with this story for a while longer.

Characters

As noted above, base Belthazar on Sheriff's stats from
The Brewery Scene of the primary story. The delivery man will
be nothing out of the ordinary, but he is anxious to get home. Be
sure to play up this impatience when dealing with the characters.

This Scene is fairly straight-forward. It simply details
the trip across the ocean. Of course, no journey is completely
safe, as the characters will realize if they notice the driver tailing
them to the airport and when they find the bomb that has been
planted on-board the plane. Someone obviously knows that
Lodin is leaving Chicago. However, the ease with which the
bomb is found my scare the players even more than the possi-
bility of exploding over the Atlantic. Is someone just taunting
them? Yes.

Unless absorbed with other duties, like flying the jet or
looking for more bombs on the plane, the Retainers will be
commanded to get some sleep. Lodin needs them to be fresh and
alert during his stay in London to make sure that they watch over
things even more thoroughly than usual.

Setting

This Scene is one of constant transition. The characters
won't spend a great amount of time in any one location; instead,
they will leave the luxury suite for O'Hare Airport and from
there journey on a chartered plane to Heathrow Airport outside
London. Descriptions of these locales are extremely important
in terms of the story. To give the characters a feeling for the
mood of this portion of the story, you might describe the dark,

Ashes to Ashes

rainy night environment as they chauffeur Lodin to the airport.
Be sure to mention the heavy air traffic as they near the airport
and then describe how signs direct the driver to an area away
from the main hustle-and-bustle area of departures to thechartered
international flights zone.

Lodin has chartered a jet for the trip. Since two of the
characters are trained pilots, one or both of them will be
responsible for flying the plane. Assuming the characters
handled the situation properly in the last Scene, the package that
the delivery man attempted to deliver to the suite will be waiting
in the structure that houses the plane. It has not been loaded.

From O'Hare, the pilot will fly the plane to Heathrow.
A flight plan has already been scheduled by Lodin. The fact that
Lodin has taken time to perform such mundane duties should
only heighten the players' feelings of the secrecy of the London
business.

Because, the plane leaves Chicago in the early evening,
the characters arrive in London around 7 a.m. the next morning.
Everything that happens after arrival is the topic of later Scenes.

Drama

The first bit of action occurs in this Scene as the
characters are en route to the airport. The driver and any other
players who announce that they are watching may roll Percep-
tion + Alertness (difficulty 8) to notice that they are being
followed. Alternately, refer to the Drama chapter in Vampire
for details on how to add a little excitement to such tailing
sequences. If the other driver (Heath Quinn) is noticed and
Lodin's driver tries to lose him, then Heath will give chase until
he feels the characters are setting him up for capture. He knows
where Lodin is going. For more details about Heath, see Scene
Four.

The only other bitof pulse-pounding excitement occurs
at the airport when the characters will hopefully discover that a
bomb has been planted on board the plane. Anyone who makes
a security sweep of the aircraft may roll Perception + Security
(difficulty 4) to detect the bomb. Two successes are necessary
or the character notices the device but passes it over without
realizing that it is actually a bomb. On the other hand, anyone
who checks over the aircraft thoroughly prior to take-off
(something one of the pilots should) will automatically find the
bomb. It's very obviously out of place and almost draws
attention to itself. Say as much to the players, but let them draw
their own conclusions.

Don'tworry for your story ifthe bomb is not found. It's
defective and will not explode anyway. If the bomb is found,
then this fact may be determined by a character with a Security
of four or more. It looks like the firing mechanism is corroded
and will not setoff the explosion. The characters may simply feel
that whoever planted the bomb must be inept.

71

Lodin, of course, will be very concerned when told of
the bomb and he will immediately despair over the fact that
someone must know of his trip. Assuming there is still time
before the scheduled departure date, Lodin will insist that his
Retainers bring the two men overseeing airport operations in the
building to him. The Prince will then thoroughly interrogate
them with his Dominate powers, but he will be unable to findany
memories relating to the bomb. Before he is done, of course,
Lodin will make sure neither man remembers anything of the
"interview."

Even though itturns out to be notmuch ofa danger after
all, the discovery of the bomb is a good time for a shift back to
the primary story.

Dialogue

As the airplane nears the British Isles and Lodin is
preparing to go to sleep, the Prince will gather those Retainers
who are not busy either piloting the plane or unpacking his
protective box. He says that he must give them details about
what they are to do during the coming day while heis defenseless
and asleep.

First, he hands them a packet of information and
materials. This packet has a map of Greater London, hotel
reservation information including a request for special handling
for a large package, twenty $1000 bills, twenty $100 bills anda
pamphlet about an auction. The auction is dealt with in more
detail in Scene Four, so look there for more information.

After any questions have been answered about these
matters, Lodin decides to turn one of the characters into a Ghoul
fora short time in case there is trouble in England during the day.
All of the characters have already been Blood Bonded to Lodin,
so it won't make much difference who takes the Blood. How-
ever, for the sake of beginning to draw some attention to him,
Lodin should pick Roarke. Lodin will transfer two Blood Points
to the character. The character will also temporarily gain the
Discipline Dominate and may use it for as long as he or she has
both of the Blood Points supplied by Lodin.

Finally, Lodin desires permission from the Queen of
London (a Kindred, you know) to Feed before he arrives the next
night for his meeting with her. Lodin provides a phone number
and requests that the characters take care of this matter with the
Queen's Retainers. This simple matter is dealt with in the next
Scene.

Characters

There are no additional characters of importance in this
Scene. Since it's unlikely that the characters will detect the
person tailing them to O' Hare, that character will be completely
detailed in a later Scene.

72

Scene Three:

Settling In
Plot

The characters must oversee Lodin's arrival in Lon-
don. They will have to deal with a customs official with a few
too many questions and then make sure that everything is
squared away at the hotel. Once in the hotel, the characters can
make the call to the Queen's Retainers as Lodin requested.
Some of the events in this Scene may be too boring to play out
in detail (especially details of getting to the hotel and checking
in), so in the interest of the story, you may decide to narrate these
sections instead of actually requiring the players to roleplay
through them.

Setting

This Scene begins as the chartered jet is cleared for
landing at Heathrow International Airport. The airport is about
twenty minutes by train outside of London and like all things
English and European in the world of Vampire, ascribe a sense
of old world elegance to them. The dawn is particularly bright,
the people especially courteous and proper, and the buildings
amazingly beautiful.

From the airport, the characters should go directly to
the hotel that is expecting them. Since the reservations began on
the previous day, there will be no problem checking in this early
in the day.

The characters will have to cartaround the large box in
which Lodin sleeps. The container is relatively light and Lodin
is nota big person (thank goodness Ballard's not inside!), so the
problem is more one of encumbrance. The best bet for the
characters is to simply rent a vehicle at the airport and drive to
the hotel in London. Using the maps Lodin provided, the driver
won't get lost unless he or she fails an Intelligence + Drive roll
(difficulty 4).

Drama

Unless something unforeseen occurs at the airport
during the proposed customs inspection, there should be no
conflict in this Scene. Heath doesn't show up again until Scene
Four, so the characters will have little need to use violence.

Dialogue

After the jet lands and is directed to the appropriate
hangar, the characters may begin to disembark. The crew at the
airport will make all of the arrangements for the storage of the

Ashes to Ashes

plane for the three days of Lodin's stay in London. They
promise that it will be refueled and ready to go by the scheduled
departure time.

Then the characters will make the acquaintance of a
gentleman who evidently had a very bad night — the customs
official. This is where Lodin, and by extension the characters,
pays for not using one of the established transport services
available to Kindred. These services have ways to arrange for
certain well-paid and slightly Dominated inspectors to be on
duty when certain travelers and luggage arrive. Harvey seems
to be a very kind man, for he is well-spoken and mannerly, but
he will absolutely insist on examining every single piece of
luggage that is on the jet. He'll be especially anxious to look
through the large wooden "chest" in which Lodin peacefully
sleeps.

Harvey is a sharp and fairly incorruptible man and he
will not tolerate any backtalk from the characters. He will ask
them to walk through a metal detector and then stand at least ten
feet away from the luggage while he goes through it. The
characters are the first arrivals of his shift and Harvey feels like
combing their belongings closely.

Harvey will notice, for instance, that there is an extra
suitcase of clothing. As he goes through the suitcases, he will
ask each time who it belongs to. By poor happenstance, and for
good drama in the story, Lodin's suitcase should be the last one
he puts on to his table. Whoever quickly claims that it is his (a
woman had better not make the claim) will then be subjected to
clothing size comparisons and questions as to why the character
didn't pack all of his socks in one place. Assuming the
characters slip through this situation with a good lie or two,
Harvey will smile and glance at Lodin's box.

Now is a good time to shift back to the primary story.
Leave the players worrying about what is going to happen as the
customs official moves toward the box.

If you decide to continue the Scene or when you shift
back to this story, inform the characters that they are inside a
large, open building, the mid-morning sun is slashing through
the high windows to completely illuminate most of the inside
area. The characters will have to act quickly to save Lodin from
alot of pain and perhaps destruction. Their best bet is for the one
who received Blood from Lodin to attempt Dominating the
official. The man is very difficult to coerce (Willpower 7) so the
player had better roll well. In fact, if the characters have
severally antagonized the official, then the man will spend a
point of Willpower to resist the absurd idea that he let the
characters go on their way. Of course, another Dominate
attempt will be against difficulty 6, but there is always the
chance of failure.

Alternately, the players may decide to employ trickery
and manipulation to convince the official not to look in the box.
Since such an approach perfectly fits with the theme of this story,
the characters will actually have a chance of succeeding. With
a successful Manipulation + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 8), a
character can convince the official that the box has special

Ashes to Ashes

clearance by request of the United States government, and the
character will even be able to provide a completely bogus sheet
of paper that is for some reason accepted by the official as
verification of this request.

If the characters are simply unable to prevent the box
from opening, then they will have to quickly explain how it
could possibly be locked from the inside. Some fast-talking and
amention of a special magnetic lock (and reference again to the
U.S. government's request) may be enough to pull this off.

While the characters are basically required to succeed
in the Scene (after all, we all know that Lodin survives for over
twenty more years, at least), you should work to make the
encounter as tense and nerve-wracking as possible. Force the
characters to treat the official with the same degree of manipu-
lation that the players will later realize is being perpetrated on
their own characters.

The other important item of discussion in this Scene
occurs when one of the characters calls the number provided by
Lodin. A warm, masculine and very British voice will answer
the phone and say, "Your business, please?" The character
should make a request in the Prince of Chicago's name for Lodin
himself to Feed prior to attending this evening's meeting with
the Queen. With no further ado, the man on the other end will
say that her Highness gladly extends such permission to her very
welcome guest. There is only one stipulation — please do not
Feed in the theatre district.

Characters

If you need game information for Harvey, then simply
assume all Attributes are two except Perception, which is four.
Also, as noted above, he has a Willpower of seven.

Scene Four:
The Auction

Plot

The characters are likely to be divided into two groups
during the bulk of this Scene. One group is likely to remain with
the sleeping Prince Lodin in the suite of the hotel. This suite is
a sumptuous place, but it is not quite as private as Lodin prefers.
Ttis on the 20th floor of a 22 floor hotel and public elevators will
reach this level.

The auction that the other characters will attend takes
place in a small shop just off of Picadilly Square. Remember to
appropriately describe Gothic London. The fog is thick espe-
cially at night but even during the day, the gong of Big Ben can
be heard throughout the city, and even some horse-drawn taxis
may still be operating.

73

The auction house is a handsome place and has a very
definite Old World atmosphere — wooden floors, dark interior,
real silver eating utensils, drinking goblets, etc. During a brief
lunch, all the guests may enter a viewing area where all items for
auction are displayed under glass cases. After lunch, the auction
itself begins. The eventis held in a large but cozy room that will
quickly fill with smoke.

After checking into the hotel and taking care of any
mundane needs they might have, the players must decide what
to do about the auction that Lodin has bade them to attend. The
auction begins at 11 a.m. and lunch is served to all who attend.
They had better not leave Lodin unguarded, so they will have to
divide their numbers. Hopefully, Roarke will go to the auction.
His expertise in the occult should make him the obvious choice
to insure that the item that Lodin desires is authentic.

While some of the characters attend the auction, a
Ghoul attacks Lodin's hotel room in an attempt to slay the
Prince. This is not actually an attempt on Lodin's life, so if no
one was left behind to guard the Prince, then the attack will not
take place, though obvious signs of an attempted forceful entry
will be left behind. The idea here is that Lodin and his
bodyguards feel as if they have been targeted.

At the auction, the characters will make bids on the
obscure journal that Lodin has expressed an interest in. Actu-
ally, the book is full of notes kept by Admiral Tourney, a
member of the Arcanum, an organization described in Vampire
that fully believes that the occult exists. Just as the players are
about to successfully purchase the book, a new bid is entered by
Heath Quinn. However, Heath does nothing but draw attention
to himself and he does not bid on the book any further.

Drama

A short time after some of the characters have left for
the auction, a Ghoul partner of Heath Quinn prepares to attack
the Prince's suite, Though the fight will be dangerous for the
mortal characters, they will be able to drive the monster off. As
noted above, the Ghoul is only interested in the pretense of an
attack, so he will retreat when it seems likely that he will be
defeated.

If there are characters still guarding the Prince, and the
Ghoul will know if this is the case, then the monster will wait
until an opportunity presents itself to enter the suite stealthily.
The Ghoul's best option is to wait until the characters order
lunch. Then he can knock out the waiter who brings the food
from the kitchen and take his place. In such a case, the Ghoul
will actnormally until he is either discovered or until he is ready
to leave. He will attack the character who tries to tip him.

If no characters stay behind to guard the Prince, then
the Ghoul will simply wait until all is clear and batter the suite
door a bit. As soon as he cracks the frame or door itself, he will
depart, as if he was interrupted in his attempt to get inside.

74

Dialogue

The only discussion that is important to this Scene of
the Flashback is the characters' bidding at the auction. Lodin
expects that the cash he has given the characters will be enough
to purchase the book. He's wrong. But when the characters
realize that they are running short of cash, you can remind them
that most of them have memorized information about a Swiss
account Lodin has set up. The characters in the know recall not
only the account number, but the series of passwords required to
utilize the account's funds as well. Since Lodin stresses how
much he desires the journal, the characters will hopefully use
this account to pay for the book. They should call the bank after
the auction and request an immediate transfer of funds.

Before or after dining, but prior to the auction, the
players may inspect the items that are available. Everything is
stored in glass cases until the auction begins, but when they see
the book, they can read a couple of entries. Much of the
information details naval maneuvers made during the days
leading up to World War I, buta very interesting entry begins on
the very bottom of the right hand page. It says "Mail delivery
finally caught up with us today and the men were much cheered
as usual. My greatest delight, though, was a memo from A
relating that another fragment of the so-called Book of Nod has
been" before reaching the end of the page.

Such a journal as this is nota special commodity in the
eyes of most mortals and will therefore go for a relatively low
price. The characters can thank their lucky stars that the
Arcanum did not learn of this auction, or else they would stop at
nothing to keep the information it contains out of the public eye.
Of course, the fact that it falls in the hands of a Kindred will
ensure that no other mortal ever learns of its secret, but the
Arcanum would cringe to learn that the monsters they hunt for
have learned some of the puzzle pieces they have put together.

However, a semi-famous English admiral was the
author of the book, so some naval buffs are attending to purchase
the book to add to their collections. Bidding for the book will
begin at 2,000 pounds sterling. The characters have been
instructed to purchase the book no matter what price they have
to pay. The naval historians will make counterbids against the
characters, but they will slowly give up as the price increases.
All but one will stop at 5,000 pounds, though even this stalwart
will relent at 8,000 pounds.

Justas the characters are about to gain possession of the
book ("going . . . going . .. anew bid from the gentleman in the
lavender tie!), Heath Quinn will enter a bid. He slipped in
following the lunch and viewing period, so the characters will
not notice him until he bids. The characters may recognize him
asthe man whotailed them to the airport in Chicago. The bid that
Quinn enters in outrageous. He will bid triple whatever the
characters last offered. When the characters look in his direction
to view their new competitor, Quinn will only smile at them.

Quinn will make one counterbid after the characters to
up the ante, buthe will not pursue the book any further. His goal,

Ashes to Ashes

that of showing himself dramatically to the characters, does not
require the purchase of the book. Quinn does have the money to
buy the book, so the characters will be in hot water with Lodin
if they let Quinn purchase the book.

A limousine waits in front of the auction building for
Quinn, so it will be almost impossible to follow him. If the
characters do attemptto pursue him, then Quinn will use the lead
that his waiting car should afford him to slip out of the limo after
rounding a bend. The limousine driver will then lead the
characters on a merry chase.

If, and hopefully when, the characters purchase the
book, they will have to arrange for the wire transfer before the
auction house will turn the book over to them. The manager of
the auction will explain this policy but will volunteer to leave
someone here through the night that will be contacted as soon as
the money is received. The manager explains that unless there
are problems with the transfer, the characters can pick up the
book anytime after 7 P.M.

Characters

The Ghoul

Age: Unknown (Born: perhaps very long ago)

The Embrace: none, five Blood Points in system

Generation: Blood from 3rd Generation!

Description: This Ghoul is the servant of a
very, very powerful Vampire, and certainly his appear-
ance reflects this fact. He is very dashing, strikingly
handsome, and extremely fit and muscular. His excellent
physique alone will give the characters a run for their
money when they fight him, let alone the Blood which
flows through his veins.

Mr. Quinn, for all the trouble he causes Roarke, is a
mere mortal. But he is, however, very good with a rifle, and not
too bad behind the wheel of a car either.

Scene Five:
Fool's Errand

Plot

The characters return from the auction house empty-
handed (they must wait for the wire transfer to go through) and
rejoin their comrades who successfully fended off a Ghoul
presumably intent on destroying Lodin. The Prince will then
prepare for the rest of the trip. Since the hotel is obviously not
safe, Lodin will have one of the characters call the Queen of

Ashes to Ashes

‘00000

$ Attribute: >
Physical Social Mental
Strength Charts Perweption ee000
Dexter Manipatation Intelligence see00
Stamina Appearance ee000 Wit see00
= Abilities: +
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting 00000 Animal Ken___00000 Duremeracy___~ 00000
Athletic: Buquette, ‘Pinance_ 00000,
Brawl Grapple — Firearms ®8000 _Investiitin_—00000
Dae Melee. (00000 Law. e000
B 20000 Mink 00000 Langit 0000
feo000  Repaie e000 Medicine (00000
Soooo Security 0000 Oral 20000
Streets 00000 Seal eecoo Rill 00000
x
+
Disciplines

00000

SelfControl____s

Courage

sFo~-Other Tralts==eF
00000
00000
00000
F-— Combat

Weapon [Pate] Damage

-foe—Humanity——t

. e@e0000

$= Willpower
ecccccccen

oooo0000000

Fee-Blood Pool
eeeeen0000

f— Health et
Bruised
Hut 4
Injured 2
Wounded 3
Mauled 4
Crippled 5
Incapacitated O

oooooo

"foe=Experiencemec

ea

Auibtes 757 Abiiies: 19'S Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Views: 10 Freebie Pins: 15 (S721)

75

London's Haven again and request permission to join her there
until secure arrangements can be made.

Then Lodin will command Roarke to go pick up the
journal at the auction house and join him at the Queen's Haven.
Lodin will forget to provide the address of the Haven unless one
of the characters prompts him. Another character should check

\ zZ out of the room, though Lodin insists that the reservation be
fan \ wi Z ao maintained so the room can be used as a last-ditch fallback in
il i th iii case of an extreme emergency. The Prince and the remainder of

: Ha the characters will then depart.
3) ey
Hil Setting

] il i lh . The events of this Scene take place once again at the

i a auction house near Picadilly Square. Refer to Scene Four and

RI recall any embellishments you added so you can detail this
setting at night.

Drama

Storytelling games are the best when the Storyteller
presents a setting or provides information and allows the char-
acters to react to it with free-will. However, this Scene of the
Flashback includes an event wherein you must simply dictate
the action and allow a character no chance to escape from his
predicament. Basically, Roarke must be killed when he returns
to the auction house.

This sort of forced action can only be excused because
this character is not actually a player's real character. Some-

thing like this should never be done to a player's true character.
+t ‘Attribute: After leaving the auction house, Heath Quinn circled
Sadi 0855 "Baden DEES around to make sure that he escaped the characters, but then he
pncn See enone returned to the auction house to wait for whichever character
+t Abilities: % would return to pick up the journal. He waits in the shadows
seine wo000 ial een rns es000 across the street with a high-powered rifle,
Alertness Drie Computer. : : :
Ae : Ete tame i 00000 Quinn will allow Roarke to enter the auction house and
Dose #0000 Melee Law. ick up the journal. A gentleman will be waiting just as the
Era 0000 nga Wee sh beta ection it Solon ung J
Intndaton ——se000 e000 Medien ‘20000 manager had promised earlier inthe day. Only if the characters
Sine ———se000 e000 Rie ‘20000 did not arrange for the wire transfer will there be a problem.
Sab 0000 : ‘00000 Scene, ‘00000 F einai fe
+ Advantages $ When Roarke exits the house, Quinn will fire the specially-
Disciplines Backgrounds __,. Virtue silenced rifle. One shot through the heart will kill Roarke, but
00000 eeeee Conscience. 900 ae é : a é
goooo Pie ‘SKCinincl oe he won tdie until Quinn walks up to him and has his say. Quinn
— e000 0000 — says, "Lodin said he would send you out on your own sometime
+ z during this trip. I just had to wait for the right time."
pecOther aie, feat ee toe Health Alternately, you may play this Scene a bit further and
Sitch —___greoe pe eeeeeo0n ee te allow an actual confrontation to take place. Let Roarke's player
00000 P pay
80000 5 Witlpower——t ee a feel as if he put up a valiant effort if you desire, but remember
Fo-—Combat—=n# © © © 88 B0000 Goes that in the end Quinn must persevere. If the players complain,
rare iam | COOOOIOCO Incapneitated 0 quickly explain that they are replaying history and history
Rifle |B LO | a i pooteeer: "et Experience—et cannot be changed. Roarke was killed in the late 60's so he must
€000000000 a) die in this story.

Atwibutes: 7/53 Abilis: 13915 Disciplines: 3 Backgrounds: 5 Vinves: 10 Freebie Poi: 15 (/572/1)

76 Ashes to Ashes

After this dramatic Scene, you might consider switch-
ing back to the primary story. Then you can retum later and
complete the Flashback and leave the powerful Scene that ends
the Flashback floating in the players' minds. The players will
obviously wonder later how their foe can be Roarke when he was
slain in this encounter over twenty years ago. Don't give the
characters any clues, but for your own sake, we'll tell you that
there is a deeper game going on here than the blatant manipu-
lation of the characters by Lodin. Quinn, though not a Kindred
himself, has a vial of Blood from the same Kindred that created
the Ghoul that attacked in Scene Four. This Blood is fed to
Roarke in time to save the man, but the small quantity is not
enough to awaken Roarke. He sleeps semi-conscious until
Quinn is able to return to his master with Roarke.

Dialogue

No lengthy discourse takes place in the scene beyond
the ad-libbing that you should do at the auction house.

Characters

Heath Quinn, described in Scene Four, is the important
character in this Scene.

Scene Six:
Pawns in the Game

Plot

In this final Scene of the Flashback, the characters
follow Lodin as he hunts for blood in order to be well prepared
for his meeting with Lady Anne. He then continues on to the
meeting and directs the characters to drive him to the outskirts
of London where the Queen has a mansion (one of her Havens)
where she greets important guests. As Prince of Chicago, Lodin
certainly qualifies as important.

After facing death and struggling through many hair-
raising situations in the preceding Scenes, the characters dis-
cover just how trivial Lodin considers this visit to London. If
done correctly, the players will feel used and perhaps a little
betrayed.

Before Lodin visits Lady Anne, he commands that he
be taken somewhere to feed. He will propose an early evening
stage show before proceeding to the Queen's mansion. This is
just a twist to make sure the players are awake. Hopefully, they
will explain that Feeding in the theatre district was strictly
prohibited, though all other areas are fair game.

Ashes to Ashes

Setting

This Flashback story concludes as the characters arrive
atthe major Haven of the Kindred who controls Greater London,
Lady Anne. She is known as the Queen, but that is simply the
name they use for Prince in these parts when the Prince is female.
One event occurs on the way to the Haven, but you may choose
a setting of your choice for it (see below). Imagine the largest,
darkest gothic mansion and add some more to it. A tall, rusting
iron fence surrounds the place and shadowed gargoyles crouch
on the roof. Ivy valiantly climbs the walls of the manse and the
yard is overgrown in general.

Though luxurious, even the interior of the Haven has a
definite smell of age. However, the ancient air is not that of
decrepitude but of an antique. Everything looks perfectly
functional and is spotlessly clean, but characters will gain an
unmistakable sense of the history of the building.

Drama

This Flashback is relatively non-combat oriented be-
cause it is set within a story that has a fair degree of physical
confrontation. However, if you need some excitement to spice
up the trip to Lady Anne's then something with Lodin's Feeding
can go awry. It's easy to stage such off-the-cuff events during
sessions of Vampire when the players are edgy in the first place.
Chase and pursuit can often dominate an entire evening, story or
Chronicle.

Perhaps Lodin is overseen from a high window as he
feeds and the man who witnesses the event calls the police. A
patrol is in the area and responds before the characters are able
to get Lodin out. Bobbies (English policemen) in cars and later
on horseback will pursue the characters until lost in the narrow
streets of the city. Drive rolls should have difficulties of at least
two higher than normal because the driver must negotiate streets
where you drive on the left side.

Dialogue

Soon the characters arrive at Lady Anne's Haven.
Lodin will be greeted at the door by a gentlemen named Pershing
who has the carriage of the stereotypical butler. Pershing will
pay absolutely no attention to the characters but will fawn over
Lodin. In fact, the characters may note as soonas Pershing opens
the door that they become nonentities to Lodin as well. He will
not speak to them, mention them or otherwise respond to their
presence. In his mind, they did their duty — they got him here.
Now, he's done with them until he needs them again. Plus, he's
in the Haven of the powerful Queen of London. He can'tafford
to show any concern for mortals when being scrutinized by such
a potential ally.

Tt

Hopefully, the characters will be at a complete loss
when they suddenly are no longer the center of attention of
Lodin or the story. If any of them makes a move to go
somewhere or say something, Pershing will put up a halting
hand without even looking at them and continue his business.
Not until Lodin has been shown to a reception room will
Pershing retum and deal with the characters. The butler will
show them to a game room where they can amuse themselves
until commanded by Lodin.

As they walk down a hallway, though, the characters
will catch a snippet of conversation between Lady Anne and
Lodin. If the characters stop, to listen to more, Pershing will
realize what is happening and will begin to cough to cover the
conversation.

Anne: So, Prince Lodin, I'm very glad you have
arrived. Did you encounter any problems during your journey?

Lodin: None, my Lady, that troubled me to any degree.

Anne: Excellent. Well, then, whatis your business with
me?

Lodin: No business. 1 just thought to challenge you to
another game of chess. I rather fancy I have made a break-
through concerning the use of pawns.

Characters

Information about characters like the Queen of London
can be found in later supplements for Vampire like "The Old
Ones." The only person the characters will interact with to any
major extent is Pershing, the "secretary" who spoke with the
characters during any phone conversations early in the story.
Pershing is simply a mortal and requires no special attention.
His Nature and Demeanor are Loner and Caretaker, respec-
tively.

End-Game:
The Pawn Gambit

Herein lies the true tale behind the events of this story.
However, one should not hope to understand all that happened
until one knows the characters involved. The match continues
on, despite the results of the story. Neither will resign until one
orthe other of them is dead. Such is the enmity of theages. Such
is the game of the Ancients.

They had been playing the game for some time, though
they had never played on even ground. The Black King had long
been on the run, fighting a defensive game against the White
Queen and her arrayed forces. He only had a few pawns left as
well as a single bishop and knight, while she possessed two
rooks, a bishop, two knights and of course herself —a powerful,
formidable and newly awakened Queen. Despite the uneven

78

odds, he always managed to escape capture, forever delaying
and postponing the end of the contest. The Black King was
clever and devious, and far more subtle than the White Queen.
Given time, he could convert a pawn to a queen, one powerful
enough to combat the White Queen directly. But time was
running out. The game's end was drawing near and many of the
most powerful pieces had already been taken off the board. Even
in the end game, however, upset is possible. It is invariably
fraught with peril, for those who know that, only if they take
risks, can they hope to win.

Thus the Black King began one of his greatest gambits.
His attack would become renowned among the Ancients for its
grace and cleverness. Through the treachery of one of the
Queen's pieces, a lowly pawn, he was able to capture one of her
most powerful pieces, the King whom she used to rule many of
the others in her camp. Taking the captured White King and
hiding him far from the center of the board, the Black King was
able to create panic among the most powerful pieces on the
White Queen's side. If his absence became widely known
among all of her pieces, as it must inevitably, given time, it
would destroy her hold over them.

The White Queen immediately began a campaign to
discover where her King had been taken. Though she knew him
to be alive, she was not able to detect where he was. The enemy
had taken her king in check, but was not able to pin him down
inamate. She grew desperate and sent her pieces out in search
of her King, spending much energy suppressing the news of his
disappearance as well.

The Black King's next move was to bring forward five
of his pawns, new pieces who he had only then broughtintoplay.
These pawns he intended to not only become involved in the
enemy camp, but to rescue the King as well. In sucha way could
he place his own pieces in the enemy camp. Though he would
lose this game, in thenext game, he would be ina greater position
of power — and the White Queen would be none the wiser and
all the more arrogant. He could not be sure his pawns would
succeed, but even if they did not, he would still keep the King in
check, thereby keeping White off balance.

However, through the greatest stroke of luck, the
White Queen was able to find where the Black King had been
forced to hide himself, and was able to use one of her pawns to
put him into check (after all, he was very weak and had been
forced to use himself as an active piece in the game). Though she
was not able to harm him herself, she had been able to thwart a
portion of his plan, or so she thought. She placed him in the care
of pieces outside of her control, thinking to keep him out of the
fray and hoping that she would have time latter to deal with him
directly.

Here is where the story must end, for the conclusion
depends upon the actions of the pawns. The Black King must try
to use them to rescue himself (for he cannot risk revealing any
of his most powerful pieces), yet in order to win this game, they
must still carry out their task and break the check on the White
King. The White Queen is not sure of the depth of the game that

Ashes to Ashes

Sgpe
aces
abe
2x o
gE5F
oO :@
sees
BESS
mot &
E252
SSa8G
F505
23g

egeo8
2378
#eaee
egegas
Ziggy ®
% > 3 &
HESS
Sakae
masses
Betis
aS veo
Freee
Pees

283
bags "s a
\ .. "
i]

S ‘ x

a,

WN

ESae
8

S
SEBS

esecs

79

The Chess board is the world; the pieces are the phenomena of the universe; the rules of the

game are what we call the laws of Nature.

Ashes to Ashes

oa | See
< : =
= = =
OTHER OTHER rerdiners (J

SHOPS SHOPS

SKYLIGHT

Fike
ESCAPE \——!


Hell's Pasture | MICHAELS A tion |

| "oarke's Woodland HO" | | =


ISBN 0-96627790-

The Forged in Steel Chronicle Continues:

Ordered by Modius, the Prince of Gary, to present them-
selves to Lodin, the Prince of Chicago, a group of neonates
find themselves shoved headlong into a maelstrom of
Kindred Intrigue. While the characters desperately search
for Lodin, the Prince inexplicably disappears, and one of his
lieutenants blames the visitors from Gary. The characters
dilemma — find Lodin or face the termination of an immortal
life-in-death.

Ashes to Ashes is-a story supplement designed for use
with Vampire, and it continues the story begun in Vampire:
Baptism by Fire. It includes all the characters and
information you need to tell a complete four chapter story.
This book also presents an Advanced Storytelling
concept-the Villian's Flashback—to accentuate the theme and
mood of the story.

WHITE WOLF

1298 Winter Place * Anniston, AL 36201
