# File: Ashen Cults.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

eS erie = ———A t

See!

mS


By Jastin AcHILLI AND STEVE KENSON

‘VAMPIRE CREATED BY Mark REIN'-HAGEN


CREDITS

Authors: Justin Achilli (A Patron Saint of Lies,
Undying Covens, Appendix) and Steve Kenson
(Hierophants of the Night, Undying Covens, Pulling
the Strings)

World of Darkness created by: Mark Rein® Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by: Mark
Rein*Hagen

Aout THE DATES

Ashen Cults, like Bitter Crusade and Iberia by
Night before it, is marked on the title page with a date,
indicating the assumed "present" of the supplement.
Dark Ages is advancing from it's longstanding start date
of AD 1197 and these dates are here to help you keep
track. Almost all the material in Ashen Cults is usable
as is in 1197 or at any other time in which you want to

set your Dark Ages game. There are a few parts that
portray aftereffects of events in Bitter Crusade, how-
ever. Hence, the 1215 date.

Just thought, you'd all want to know.

Developer: Philippe R. Boulle

Editor: John Chambers

Art Director: Becky Jollensten

Layout & Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: Guy Davis, Elixabeth Leggett, Rik
Martin, Kieran Yanner

Front Cover Art: William O'Connor
Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten

©2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-

735 PARK NORTH BLVD. duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly

E Sune 13 forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character

: sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,

Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage

CLARKSTON, GA 30021. o"AScénsion, World of Darkness, Hunter the Reckoning, and

WA Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

Allrights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,

PUBLISHING Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the

Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Adventure, Exalted, Ashen Cults, Bitter Crusade, Cainite

Heresy, Dark Ages Companion, House of Tremere, Iberia by Night, Libellus Sanguinis 1 Masters of the State,

Libellus Sanguinis 2 Keepers of the Word, Libellus Sanguinis 3 Wolvesat the Door, Libellus Sanguinis 4 Thieves

in the Night, Liege, Lord & Lackey, Sorcerer Revised Edition, The Ashen Knight, The Ashen Thief,

Transylvania by Night and Transylvania Chronicles are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Alll characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concemed.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supematural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion]
is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLE.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://vww.white-wolf.comn; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

es,


TABLE OF CONTENTS

AA PATRON SAINT OF LiES (PRELUDE)

CHAPTER ONE: HiEROPHANTS OF THE NIGHT (OVERVIEW)
CHAPTER Two: CINDYING CovEeNs (SAMPLE CuLrs)
CHAPTER THREE: PULLING THE STRINGS (SYSTEMS)
Appenpix: THE Fires TO COME



thet to catcha soit
VOith saints dost bait thy hook!


It had always been dark, and wet, and
often cold for us. After all, I have often heard
visitors from other countries claim how dour
and phlegmatic we Doles are. Surely, some~
thing must be to blame for our defeated
disposition, and the weather should bear its
own share of the responsibility for making us
who we are.

But it is more than the cold and wet that
makes us look over our shoulders after dark. I
understand the night people have traveled all
across Gurope. Nowhere, though, do I suspect
that they have had such a shuddersome effect on
the uncursed folk as they have here in Krakow.
Even in those blighted lands beyond the forest,

where the witches still prowl the night openly,

the average man knows that his lord and master
is a dreadful monster. here, we are a worldly
people. It is with a dry mouth that, by day, we
smile at the assertion that the blooddrinkers
walk among us, while, at night, we leave a dram
of salt on the eaves so that the upier will pass us
by. We knowall too well that such things can only
be shrugged or cried away, as was the case with
Grezgorz, wholived near the chapel,and myown.
brother over a dozen years ago. The night ma~
rauders take as they will.

Yes, the vampires have come here, too.
Usually, we can stop our own from joining
them, but too often, our hands are tied if one
alights upon Krakow from abroad or a man is
so wicked that burying him facedown
doesn't prevent him from digging his way
back up from the grave.

AL good man — a just man — will never
become one of these upier,and God willing, he will
never have to suffer their touch. Krakow is a
modern city, though, and home to the greatest
market in all of Christendom. I will not lie to you
and claim we are saints. Almost all of us are
stained with the filth of the earth from some deed
or another, some crooked transaction or some

ASHEN CULTS

declivity of character that moral men proscribe
but the rest of us, in our simplicity, indulge.

It was on such a wet, cold, dark night
that I myself ran afoul of the vampire. By
trade, Lama saltcutter. Lam responsible for
a few dozen men, who take the raw salt
mined by the workers and prepare it for use.
I supervise my men when they break the salt
from the heavy blocks in which it arrives,
and I take it to the market, where I sell it or
trade it. It is not a glamorous trade, but it is
a necessary one. Without me, the people
would not have this precious spice with
which to cure their meats or season their
foods. I would not have guessed that a vam—
pire would have need of salt, owing to the
fact that their kind subsist on blood and not
on meat, but their kind are cagey and un—
knowable. I knew that I dealt with one of
the night people when he arrived at my hall

he had no cloud of breath, as did I in the
cold, wet air, and his eyes never blinked. his
exposed skin was smooth and pale, like ala~
baster, and not ruddy or rough like that of my
men and I.

I had just closed the cutting hall for the
evening when this unholy guest arrived. The
men had all taken their leave, and I was
putting the last of the day's cut in bags on the
shelves, to be gathered and taken to market
the next morning. I have before been in the
habit of selling after hours while technically
against the principles of the market, I am not
so cruel a man as to turn away a wife who
needs salt for her family's evening meal.

This, however, was no mild wife. I have
noted before his pale skin and his unmoving
breast. Those details, though, were minor
compared to his gaze and the predator's mien
with which he appraised me once he had
quietly closed the door.

T honestly thought that I was to die then.
Thiswicked creature, crawled out of the thick


ening night to my own hall, had surely come to
take long draughts of my blood and leave my
lifeless body for the men to find when they
arrived to cut the day's salt in the morning.
This wasa night-creature from the Dit itself,
its body wrapped in the dirty rags that re
mained of the shift in which it had been
buried, no doubt. Its limbs were long and
spindly, its stomach distended as that of a
hungry cotter.

I breathed out. It breathed not at all.

"May I help you this evening?" I asked,
keeping enough of my wits about me not to
panic at the sight of this creature.

To my surprise, it could talk. I had ex~
pected only snarling and hissing. "You are
stek." A simple statement, but given my
surprise and foreboding, a grave one. how did
this upier know my name?

"Lam."

"Your wife is Rega." The accursed thing
knew about me, and upon its utterance of my
wife's name, I felt dread grip me. This was no
ignorant monster, this wasa thinking, speak—
ing thing, and most frightening of all, it had
taken an interest in me. It knew my family,
and it had somehow gathered that knowledge
without my knowing it stalked me. It felt
almost like a pronouncement of damnation, like
my hard work to make a safe home was all for
nothing if the Devil could come forward at his
whim and menace me with one of his servants.

‘That is her name." I felt compelled to
reply honestly. It would know if I lied to it,
I suspected, so I took no such risk.

"I will be back," it said. And then, it left.

In its absence, the air smelled musty, not
unlike the salt mines do. It had left a filthy


claw~print streaked across the door of the
hall where it had exited the building. What
did it mean that it would be back? When?
Was I to wait for it? Should I leave some
salt by the door to appease it when it re~
turned? Or would it think I was trying to
bribe it to go away and become resentful?

In the end, I went home to my wife, for
safety's sake. I knew that, should the night
person wish, he could take us both, for such
are their powers. But I would not make it
easy for him. he could have the salt or my
tools if here was where he chose to return,
but he could not have my Rega.

I slept fitfully that night.

tt

The upier did not, as I had feared, seek me
or my wife at our home. I saw him the next
night when he returned to the shop. I had
planned to leave early, perhaps with the men,
in hopes of once again protecting my wife.
Unfortunately, the cart from the salt mines
had arrived that day, and I knew it would
take me perhaps another hour or two to finish
unloading it.

AsI neared perhapsthe halfway pointofmytask,
T felt the room grow chill again. Sure enough, the
thing had retumed. It tookaseaton the blocks of salt
that I had already unloaded and tilted its head,
regarding me curiously.

"What would you have of me, upier?" I
asked it.

It smiled, if that's what such a crack
across its face could be called. "Why do you
stop, Gstek?"

"What do you mean?"

"If youdon't finish unloading your cart, your
men will be behind tomorrow morning."

"What concern is that of yours?" I dug my
hooks pointedly into the block of salt, lifted it
and carried it slowly over to the creature. It
refused to move.

ASHEN CULTS

"If your men cannot work, your widow
will receive no stipend."

With that, it swung a block of salt —a
block no man could lift with a single hand —
at my head. The speed and violence of the act
were the last thoughts in my mind before I
lost consciousness, collapsing on the cold,
bare floor.

ttt

When I awoke, I knew something was ter~
ribly amiss. I could hear a low chanting, almost
like a dirge, coming from somewhere in the
distance. One of my eyes was scummy and stuck
—ah, yes, the blood. A feeble fire flickered near
me, giving off a small amount of heat, which was
less than what the rough floor robbed from me.

Looking about with my open eye, I saw
that I was in a tiny cavern that had been
rudely converted to some sort of den. A blanket
lay wadded inone corner along witha tattered
book and a small bundle of cloth, not unlike a
wanderer's pack. Opposite me, staring at me
with wide eyes, a little girl sat on a stoop of
rock. She smiled, her face smudged, and her
face carried a sorrow someone her age should
not have known.

"I'm supposed to let the master know when
you've awakened," she said, one hand twisting,
her shift.

"Who's the master?" I asked, rubbing, my
sore head and face. I noticed the whiskers on
my face were longer than I remembered them
being. I must have been out for at least a day.
The dirge slowed a bit, swelling away to make
room for aringing in my ears that rose as I did.

"The master. The lord." The girl said, not
moving. If the master was the creature that had
brought me here, it was evident that she felt the
same way about him that I did.

"Why is he the master? What is he the
master of?"


She turned away, moving toleave through
the kinked egress from the tiny cavern. I
realized that the chanting came from there
—and that there were no other places it
could have come from. I had no choice. 1
followed.

The tiny room opened into a larger cave
that I recognized immediately. We were in
the salt mines. Before me, a dozen or so dirty
people had prostrated themselves on the
rock floor. One lay on his back, his skin pale,
gulping for air, eyes bulging as he stared at
the ceiling. The creature that had attacked
me sat against the wall, and the girl ran to
him, though it looked as if she were trying to
resist the urge but was betrayed by the
motion of her limbs. She walked toward
him, slowly, awkwardly, a plodding gait
that inevitably ended at his side.

‘Welcome, Gstek. I hope you are well?" it
asked with the same snaggled smile I had seen
before.

"Lam not well. My head hurts. What is
this?"

"This is a salt mine, of course," it sneered.

"No, this," I spread my hands open. I saw a
butcher from Wawel hill, a porter who helped me
carry salt to the market once and a lay brother
recently vanished from Kosciol na Skalce, the
Church on the Rock. On the wallhad been etched
some sort of two-headed bird.

"Why, this is the house of the Faithful of
Stanislaw." The upier eyed me almost side
ways and hopped down, lifting the girl to his
rough wallseat. "The eagles flew my limbs
here and reassembled me, so that my killers
could not return their murder upon me."

"You are Stanislaw?" I cried, unwilling to
believe what so obviously was a lie — and yet
explained much about the unseen world. Who
was I to say that St. Stanislaw had not
returned from the dead or what price he must
have paid to do it? But such a thing was

madness! I shook the thought from my head.
"You are not the murdered saint. You are a
monster of the night. You have only fooled these
people."

"Oh, but he is our saint," came a parched
voice from the monk on the floor. "I was
pledged to the Kosciol na Skalce, and when
this patron revealed himself to me, I left my
post there to follow him."

‘Then you are nothing but a deserter," I
sneered at the fallen monk.

"Tt is true. he is that saint. I found the
bones of the birds that flew his holy remains
here outside this very shaft," said a dirty
miner, obviously one of the first converts to this
blasphemy. "he drank of their life to return to (
his." \

"Dead birds convinced you of this... thing's
divinity?"

‘he is St. Stanislaw," the little girl stated
matter—of-factly. Such conviction! Gither that
— or so impressionable...

‘Ne is not Stanislaw, nor is he any kind of
saint. Look at you! Cowering here in the dark
with your foul patron!" My head throbbed; my
vision wavered.

"Oh, Gstek, why do you doubt us? Why do
you doubt me?" grated the creature's voice.
"Witness here that you have denied me three
times, as Deter denied Christ. It is a sign!" A
murmur of praise arose from the small flock.
"What more do you need to convince you that
Tam who I say I am?"

Thad no answer. In my mind, I knew that
this was absurd. how could it come to pass that
the former Bishop of Krakow could be reduced to
this defiled thing? That he could have even
returned to life in the first place? And yet, saints
and miracles go hand in hand —I could not know
that he wasn't. I certainly wouldn'tbe the first to
witness this wonder, as all of these others here
before me — equal or greater men to myself in

A. PATRON SAINT OF LIES


very case — believed in this miraculous incar~
nation. So why couldn't 19

Thad no answer for the saint's question. And
inthatmomentof doubt, he plucked my soul from
the precipice over which I had left it and claimed
it as his own.

I faltered in speech, stammering, as he
led me back into the smaller cavern from
which I had emerged. There, away from the
sight of the assembled congregation, the
upier bit into the flesh of my neck and noth~
ing less than rapture overwhelmed me. 1
could hear my heartbeat in my ears as the
world around me, this dingy cave, became
great with blackness.

ttt

For what may have been as much as a week,
I lay there, unfed, given only chilled and dirty
water to drink. My mind swam with visions
brought on not only by the severity of my condi-—
tion, but also by the monstrous angel with whom
Thad been confronted. I tossed and turned during

the day, left with fitsof delirium and yet too weak

torise and flee, guarded by one of the faithful. Ac
night, the vampire rose and fed from me — just
a very little bit! — enough to leave my in my
crippled state for another day.

By the end of that week, I am shamed to
admit, Il had been broken. Sleep came on black
wings, and day greeted me only with a hazy
and half—crazed vision of the salt—tomb around
me. As I ceased my struggle, St. Stanislaw
came to me and smiled. "You are certainly the
lamb, Estek," it said, and it opened its wrist
with a claw and poured the vile fluid that
issued forth into my mouth.

With that, I felt a vitality T hadn't known
since before vanishing from the surface of the
earth into this hole. Allof the exhaustion and pain
Thad suffered since being here dissipated as well.
It was the Blood of the Grail! To be sure, in my
ecstasy, I overlooked its noxious scent and flavor
and that it spilled from the wrist of some hellish

ASHEN CULTS

monster instead of from the Christ'scup. for then,
my mind still deluded and my body weak with
neglect, IL saw nothing other than a chance at
redemption, and though I know now that it
damned me, I took it.

rT

Thereafter, I grew to be one of Stanislaw's
favorites, alongside Bena, the little girl. [learned
she had been liberated from a prostitute mother
and instructed in the ways of this new church.
It had become my duty to return to Krakow
proper, with some concocted explanation of my
absence (‘T fell down a mineshaft while re~
trieving enough salt to fulfill an order, and a
mining detachment found me."), for the pur—
pose of resuming my old job. It was Stanislaw's
desire that his church would mine during the
day and I would sell the salt, while he slept and
spent the bright hours in contemplation. At
night, I would return for a few hours and then
goand stay with my wife, resuming as much as
I could a normal life without exposing the
secret of the great saint's return,

I didn't question him, for such was not my
place. I had tasted once again of his divine blood
and trusted him more and more. It was devilishly
clear to me that he must be protected. To hear
that St. Stanislaw had returned would incense
the king, he said, and only when enough people
had joined the faith could we present ourselves
with any hope of not having our patron murdered
again bya vengeful monarch. I never bothered to
explain the situation to my wife — she simply
assumed that had to keep later hours at the salt
quarry to make up for time I had lost in my
"accident." I chose not to mention any details to
her so that she could better enjoy Stanislaw's
return when the time was right tolet the rest of
the world know.

This idyll was to be short-lived, however.

ttt

One afternoon, before the sun had risen, my
men had finished cutting the salt earlyand [had


collected the profits from the sellers in the mar—
ket. I went to the saint's chamber to await his
rising for the night so I could deliver the money.
Bena greeted me with a smile, curled up at his
side. Now that I recall, her eyes seemed a little
sunken into her fair head, her movements lan—
guid, as if she suffered a similar fate as I for my
first weekas the saint's guest. I thought nothing,
of it at the time, though.

What did catch my eye was the saint's
bundle, which I had until then assumed was
filled with relics and other things that the
saints carry about with them. Perhaps it was
my damned soul seeking redemption or the
ultimate goodness of God that prodded me to
act uncharacteristically, but I was overtaken
by a pique of curiosity. I'm not sure what I
expected to find. The reliquary in the church
has the finger of another saint and a fragment
of Christ's cross. I'm not sure why I expected
this saint to be carrying the relics of other
saints, but the urge overtook me to find out.

When Il opened the bag, a brief confusion struck
me, and then, the full horror of what T had seen
settled in. When L looked in the bundle, [sawasmall
locket and a knife.

The locket had a charcoal drawing of my
mother inside.

The knife once belonged to my father, who
had given it to my brother.

My brother, who had been carried into the
night so many years ago.

My brother... my brother was this vampire.

And the horrid revelation didn't end there.
Certainly, he had been dragged somehow into
this damnation. What was worse was that he
stalked me. he pulled me into it as well.

This elaborately crafted story of Stanislaw's
reincarnation was merely a vanity of his, a
ruse set up so that he might prey on the
citizens of Krakow with ease and quiet. he
chose me because he knew me; he knew how I

would respond to him, and he knew that I

could be trusted. he availed himself of my
money. he drank my blood.

he swallowed my hope. I admit this sin: I
despaired. I left the money there in the cham—
ber and ran for home.

rt

My sleep that night was turbulent. That my
brother did not come for me did not surprise me;
he had no reason to suspect anything wrong, and
Thad left his money. In all likelihood, he merely
thought that I wasillor that I had a family affair
or some pressing business kept me at the hall.

In truth, however, I was sick, or sickened is
perhaps a better word. As I slept, I worried over
what I should do. A priest, perhaps? Surely that
would be best for my immortal soul. But that was
impossible, for even before my ghastly fate had \
revealed itself, Il felt a growing love for the
cvisted "saint." I am not unfamiliar with love,
however, and with the truth revealed to me, I
can remember that this was an emptier, more
hollow love than what I felt for my wife. It felt
false... wooden, even. Still, I was drawn to the
upier and was reluctant to do anything to harm
him. I'm not sure why this was, but I must
acknowledge that the emotion was there. knew
that a priest's desire would be to destroy the
creature, but I couldn't bring myself toallow that.

And so I come to you, a traveler and a
merchant. I tell you because you must know about
these horrible things that prowl our streets.
Witnessmy disgusting situation. Lam the brother
toa false saint returned to Garth by the Devil. I
spend each day in toil for this satanic master, and
T spend each night in a consumptive worry that
he sees the secret within me, that he knowsof my
betrayal. I cannot kill him. I cannot kill myself.
That I exist at all has become a favor my brother
holds in his horny fist.

Now go. Take my tale before I bring you to

him and let him decide how best to preserve

his hidden life.

A PATRON SAINT OF LIES



Sierophants
of the Might

YWOoe is me,
3 think 3 am becoming a god
— Empecor Vespasian,

Upon his impending Seath


LETTERS TO
‘THEODOLPHUS

My Sanguine ¢ Be
These letters were found among the goods of the

Caitiff Theodolphus, after his lair was raided. It
appears that their author is Theodalphus'sire, =

though he does not nity. were et

you oueced Theo was the agent of
another, this nameless sirephe claims to be Caitiff,
like Theodolphus, but I lack your wisdom in these
matters. Certainh i: author of these letters knows
much about the society and interests of the Children
"of Caine and mare | a purpose in instructing,

"his Gr her, ete ‘Wwe cannot even say whether the
author is man or wi dein the ways of

creating cults.

Thave begun making discrete inquiries as to
those Theodolphus might have had dealings . sh :
see how he received these letters and with whom
might have shared them. Given thae the baron
men are still investigating the destruction of his
maner, all such questions are looked upon with
suspicion, so we must treadicarefully. I will inform

my information come to

you immediarely, should.
light. |

T remain, yr obediene servanc,

ae "arty

Greetings, my childe,

Youhave done well in carrying out my instructions,
and you are now ready for the next step in your educa-
tion. This and other letters constitute that next step.
Read them carefully, and guard their contents because
they represent a power that can be used against you.

This work is my legacy to you, the knowledge I have
gathered of how our race moves among mortal society
and, more importantly, how we take it and shape it to
suit our needs. It concerns an important element of the
balance between oursociety ofnightand those whostill
breathe and live under the sun, and it comes from harsh
experience and painstaking study. I have not embel-
lished with fine words or honeyed phrases, but have
spoken plainly of certain truths of our existence. Con-
sider them carefully, on their own merits, and I believe
you will see their value. Follow my advice, and you may
yet rise to become a true master of the night.

My subject, then, is the creation, maintenance and
use of cults. Call them heresies, cabals, secret societies,

ASHEN CULTS

whatever you will. Cults have long been a tool of our
kind for maintaining our place as lords. Not just as
princes but as hierophants, if you will, princes of a faith
that binds others in our service more strongly than any
oath of fealty sworn to a mortal overlord — hierophants
of the night.

ON THE NATURE
oF CuLrs

What is a cult? It is a following, a gathering of those
devoted to something they consider greater or more
important than themselves. The cults I speak of are
devoted to us, whether they know it or not (and there are
certainly many reasons for keeping worshipers ignorant of
our existence and true nature). A cult is more than mere
retainers or servants because a cult, by definition, involves
ameasure of devotion greater than that bought by gold or
silver. A cult'sfollowers must believe, and believestrongly,
if their loyalty is to be assured.

THE Carrs OF THE PAST

Since the very beginning of our kind, when Caine
ruled Enoch and begot the second generation, we have
been objects of both worship and fear — the keys to
commanding the mortal heart. It might be said that
gathering mortal followers around us is part of our
nature, like the divine right of kings (although granted
by no divine source, in my opinion). Our fitness to rule
comes from our blood and our strength of will but also
from our hunger and need for the mortal herd.

The first cabals of followers gathered by the Chil-
dren of Caine were literal cults that worshiped the first
generations like the gods of old. Blood flowed in sacri-
fices to feed the ancients, and they placed their dark
blessings upon their followers, making them strong and
powerful. From time to time, a willful hero would rise up
among the herd to foment rebellion or strike at the dark
overlords or the mortals would rise up en masse out of
fear, with torches burning, but for the most part, they
kept their place and served their gods.

For untold generations in the ancient world, our
kind ruled thus. We stood at the center of cults in
Babylon and Egypt (the desert home of the Followers of
Set). Cainites ruled over cults to the ancient gods in
Greece, and orgies and pageants in Rome were dedi-
cated to us, although only our true followers knew it.
The ancient tribes of Europe knew the strength that
came from the blood, and I'm sure more than a few
berserkers felt our vitae burning in their veins (and
perhaps do so still, thanks to Gangrel wanderers).

But the Lord is a jealous God and would have no
others before Him. After the coming of His Son and the


founding of His True Church, the ancient cults weak-
ened, and a powerful tide of faith swept them away.
Heresies were denounced, and the heathen was con-
verted. Where the Church found our kind, it brought
fire and sword to dispatch us. Although some of the
ancient cults wormed their way into the Church itself,
many others fell to the steel and torches of its faithful,
decimating the ranks of our followers and thinning our
ranks as well. In the centuries since, cults have slowly
grown again under the protection of secrecy and dark-
ness, but those who grow complacent in their power
may face the servants of an angry God once more.
After the rise of the Church, cults within the
bounds of Christendom hid themselves beneath aheavy
veil of secrecy. They became smaller, and most Cainites
were more cautious in administering their herds. The
festivals and blood orgies of Rome are a thing of the
past, although I hear tales of some princes that attempt
tomatch them in the security of their own strongholds.
Most cults must go unnoticed by priest and king to
survive, unless one or both are brought into the fold.
So, you can see why we must move cautiously, my
childe, and why I have schooled you in patience. We
have nothing if not time in which to work our plans.
Farewell.

ON THE DIVERSE
Types OF CuLrs

Greetings, my childe,

I'm pleased by your interest in the topic at hand,
since there is much for you to learn. There are perhaps
as many kinds of cults as there are Cainites to create
them, but in my studies, | have noted certain similari-
ties between diverse sects separated by many years and
leagues distance. Each has its own purposes, its own
strengths and its own weaknesses, and each appeals to
its followers for a different reason.

Boop Cutts

Perhaps the simplest of cults in purpose, a blood cult
exists for the sole purpose of obtaining that which we need
and desire most in this world: vitae, to sustain our exist-
ence. Suchasectis often little more thana single Cainite's
mortal herd, carefully managed to assure there will always
be the required supply to slake its master's thirst. The
adopted families of the Ventrue and the ghoul families of
the Tzimisce are cults of this sort, although quite different
from one another, as you shall see.

‘What do the mortal followers of such a cult gain? In
some cases, only the patronage of their master and the
rapture of the Kiss. This is enough for some, since we are

able vogrant'a measure of protection fomdiedangers
of the world and pleasure greater than most people
experience in their brief lives. With the use of silken
words and wiles, such mortals consider themselves
fortunate to be chosen for such an honor.

Many Cainites strengthen the bonds of a blood cult
by giving their followers a small taste of the hunger that
burns: within wus' throligh @ysharing of blood: Ghoul
families are built on mortal followers tasting the vitae of
their domitor, and a lesser taste of the blood seals a
follower's loyalty with the blood oath. These followers
are more than willing to help sate their master's hunger
in order to secure a steady flow of vitae for themselves.
The blood is their reward for loyalty and service, and
each taste only strengthens their desire to serve. Little
wonder ancestral ghoul families sich ai Hose eecving
the Tzimisce, are so fanatical in their devotion.

Crart Currs

One of the greatest bonds is the one between master
and apprentice, allowing the secrets of various trades to
be passed from one generation to the next. Master
craftsmen guard the secrets of their trade jealously, and
guilds exist to further protect such arcana and to ensure
the trade's survival and growth. Such secrecy serves our
interests, and more than one guild or circle of crafters
has come under our sway.

A craft cult may be a small guild of workmen in a
town or it may extend to the most powerful guilds and
associations, such as the Masonic guilds, orders well
suited to our needs. The members of a guild are not so
highborn that their activities are of any great interest to
the nobility. But they have more influence than any
common peasant does, especially when taken as a
group. Powerful guilds can sway barons and princes, and
even the Church is dependent upon them for their
crafts. Such a combination of secrecy and influence is
very useful.

Some use that same secrecy to influence the cult
from within. If an order respects the wishes of its
masters, you need only control them to control the
guild. Ifa guild requires all craftsmen to join, you can be
assured a steady flow of new recruits. But a guild is often
vital to the community, so be cautious: interfere too
much and you may draw attention to yourself.

Some Cainites have more to offer a craft cult than
blood and majesty. There are those of us who remember
the philosophers of the ancient world, of Greece, Rome,
Egypt and more. Some of us have secrets that craftsmen
and scholars today would offer anything, even their
souls, to possess. Oftentimes, all it takes is the promise
of such secrets and a few tricks to make them seem


BEGGARS AND THLE

One sort of "trade" that often draws the
attention of Cainites is a city's criminals,
particularly the beggars, cutpursesand thieves
who live off the wealth of others. Such people
have need of protection from the law, and
they have little else in the world. Many are
willing to obey a Cainite master in exchange
fora measure of safety and the opportunity for
greater wealth. Nosferatu often control
clutches of beggars and thieves in the great
cities, using them as their eyes and ears in the
daytime and their messengers and envoys
when dealing with other vampires. Particu-
larly adept ghoul thieves sometimes manage
to learn enough Celerity or Obfuscate to
enhance their trade. For more details on such

practices, see The Ashen Thief.

genuine. By the time they realize your promises are
false, your servants are already utterly loyal to you.

DIONYSIAN Cuts

In the ancient world, mortals often worshiped our
kind through ecstatic rituals of drinking and revelry,
such as those of the Greek cult of Dionysus, which
understood the similarities between wine and blood.
Pleasure is a powerful goad for driving mortals on to
things they would not otherwise do, and it can become
a yoke around a follower's neck as strong as iron. Many
ofour kind, particularly the Toreador, found their cults
on pleasure of one sort or another. Indeed, among our
dead-hearted race, Artisan blood seems to grant a
unique insight into the rapturous power of pleasure.

But even those of us dead to alll pleasures save those
of the Kiss can still remember the mortal hunger for
pleasure and satisfaction. The simplest of these cults use
the gross pleasures of the flesh as a lure; fine food,
drunken revels and depraved orgies can turn the head
of any man (or woman, for we are wise to remember
than women have needs that may be as strong as than
any man's). And what if some reveler, lost in a haze of
spirits or drugs, should experience the pleasure of the
Kiss as well? Will they even recall it as anything more
than a dream when the sun rises the next morning?

Of course, such crude methods often result in vessels
with tainted vitae as well as followers who are soft and
indolent, unable to rouse from their stupor to care for
themselves, much less the needs of their master. A wise
master does not overindulge the appetites of his followers.
Better for them to be hungry most of the time and
occasionally sated, making them long for their next

ASHEN CULTS

reward. Though many Dionysian cults are based solely on
seekingpleasure, they often combine with heretical pagan
faiths in seeking spiritual as well as physical ecstasy

Other Cainites use subtler pleasures to draw in their
followersand keep them at their side. Physical pleasures
in moderation but, also, pleasures to stir the heart and
mind. More than one of us has stoked the fires of an
artist's inspiration and gathered those able to appreci-
ate the work that results. Once again, the Toreador
excel here. In fact, they are often at their best when
building a following based on art and culture rather
than the crude, carnal appetites that others resort to. A
following may even be built on an ideal of creating
beauty and preserving it forall time, although any artist
who thinks himself beyond his muse will discover that
no ideal is greater than the power of the Beast.

HERESIES

Faith is a power that fires the heart and even
touches with a measure of warmth the heart that no
longer beats. Although I have never felt it myself, I have
known Cainites whose faith burned as strong as any,
perhaps even stronger for having suffered damnation.
That faith is a power that can sway others — and may
draw followers. Whether the Cainite "holy one" truly
believes in the faith espoused seems to matter not, so
long as the faithful continue to believ

The Church works to root out endless heresies from
within its own ranks and in places where such heresies
have broken away altogether to form their own commu-
nities. Most of these heresies are not of our making (to
the best of my knowledge), but even those that are not
are still useful to a Cainite who understands their beliefs
and can use them to gain power over the faithful

Wealso create our own heresies to draw the faithful
into our service. The Cainite Heresy is the greatest of
these by far, but it is not the only one. Indeed, the
Cainite Heresy itself is made up of many, many cults,
often dedicated to a single vampiric "font" from whom
the cult's blood communion flows. Likewise, other
heresies are made up of individual cults that worship our
kind for one reason or another. The Lazarite Heresy
believes the Son of God showed his approval of our kind
by giving Lazarus the gift of unlife and that Lazarus still
walks the earth and guides his followers.

For More ON HERESIES
Ashen Cults focuses on the inner workings of
cults rather than religious doctrine. For detailed
information on various Christian heresies of the
Dark Medieval world and how Cainites influence

and interact with them, consult the Cainite Her-
sy sourcebook.


PacaN Cult

In times past, pagan cults worshiped our kind as
gods of night, war and blood. Tribes of followers gave
sacrifices to us and drank our vitae to grow strong and
fierce for battle. The coming of the Church dissolved
many of these cults and put many more to the torch
with cries of Devil-worship. But the old ways do not die
out so easily, and some pagan cults survive to this day,
with others revived by Cainites seeing opportunity in
their beliefs.

Pagan cults are small by necessity, since any large
gathering of pagans is sure to draw the attention of the
Church. Most often, the cult's members give lip service
to the Christian faith, even attending Mass regularly
and appearing like other folk in their community. Only
on nights when the moon is full or dark do they come
to secret groves and clearings to practice their true
faith. From all that I've seen and heard, these cults are
most common in Lithuania and the other pagan shores
but can also be found in some corners of Britain

K NIGHTLY ORDERS

More than a few childer Embraced in more recent years
come from the ranks of chivalrous or ecclesiastical orders of
knighthood, and other Cainites have chosen to take up the

THe LHIANNAN
Vampiresofthe Lhiannan bloodline (Dark

Ages Companion, p. 68) have a long tradition
of using pagan cults, especially in the British
Isles. They combine their knowledge ofancient
ritesand traditions (whichsome ofthe Lhiannan
learned firsthand) and their Ogham Discipline
to set themselves up as dark gods. But the
Lhiannan stand out as targets for the Church as
well as rival Cainites. The bloodline is slowly
dying out, and its ancient lore is passed on to
fewer and fewer, with more gaps and mistakes.
This fact lends an air of desperation to the
Lhiannan cults, and they fight like comered
animals for their surviv


sword and spurs of knighthood since their Embrace. Some
serve within mortal ordersofknighthood, while othersbelong
to entirely Cainite secret orders, such as the Order of Bitter
Ashes or the White Company. Such orders are rare, usually
theworkofthe Toreadorclan, buttheyarealready well known
throughout Europe for their deeds.

To my knowledge, few Cainites seek to use knightly
ordersas they wouldacult. With their great faith and their
skill at arms, knights are dangerous prey and equally
dangerous allies, should they suspect the true nature of
their companion. I know of some who have taken fellow
knights as retainers and even ghouls, however, particu-
larly among the more martial orders known for theit
brutality in battle.

It is more common for Cainite orders of knighthood
to accept mortal retainers or ghouls among them, usually
as squires or new knights. These retainers are treated well,
and some are eventually Embraced and made full members
of the order. This is the way of the Toreador orders, to
preserve the flower of young knighthood forever.

/AMPIRES

Most experienced Cainites are aware (to
some degree at least) of the existence of various
sorcerers, warlocks, witches and hedge magi-
cians scattered across Europe, some of them
working within secret orders or covens, such as
the mysterious Order of Hermes. Basic rules for
representing these types of characters appear in
Liege, Lord and Lackey, which focuses on
simpler folk-magics, and House of Tremere,
which deals with hermetic magi. Storytellers
canalsosimply adapt the Thaumaturgy rules for
mortals. Whatever the case, there are certain
rules forthe interaction of wizards and vampires
in the Dark Medieval world.

The Embrace destroys a mortal sorcerer'
ability to perform even the simplest magic in
the way he could before. His dead heart, his
raging Beast, his imprisoned and damned soul,
it all makes attaining the diverse necessary
trancesand enlightened states impossible. Only
the power of the blood remains. The neonate
retains all knowledge of magical lore and rituals
(defined by the Occult Ability) but jot use
that information to perform magi

For-millennia, Cainites of a few bloodlin«
have learned to draw on the power inherent in
their blood to perform magic much like sorcerers
do. The most ancient were perhaps the members
of the Assamite sorcerer caste, but these blood
sorcerers include a few Followers of Set and the

(Fordetailson the various orders of knighthood in the
Dark Medieval age and for more information on how
vampires interact with them, see The Ashen Knight.)

Sorcerous Cults

In Genesis, the Lord tells Adam and Eve not to eat
the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge, but the serpent
tempts Eve into eating, and she, in turn, tempts Adam.
What is forbidden is always tempting, and there is
always a serpent of one sort or another to offer the
temptation. Throughout history, mortals have been
drawn to the arcane arts, seeking knowledge and wis-
dom or eager for the power to influence and control the
world around them

The Church calls the practice of magic heresy and
condemns witches to the stake, but still, men and
women study the occult arts and practice them in
secret. From time to time, such people gather in small
groups and share their learning, working their rituals
together. These things are forbidden, and forbidden

HAND SORCERY

dread koldun of Clan Tzimisce. Sorcerers have
never been numerous in their clans, and most
benefited from preparationand training beforeand
after the Embrace. In the last two centuries, the
Tremere have joined their ranks and become the
greatest sorcerers among Cainites. Their blood
seems to be uniquely charged with sorcerous po-
tential, but they tooseek out progeny witha mortal
background in the occult (most notably the magi
of House Tremere).

At the Storyteller's discretion, those who
were mortal warlocks may have the potential to
learn Thaumaturgy or another form of blood
magic, regardless of clan. To do so, however,
they must have a teacher. The older blood sor-
cerers are very much opposed to "adopting" such
fledglings, but the Tremere are somewhat les

rupulous. They will recruit certain Cainites
and teach them Thaumaturgy — but at a pric:
the blood oath. Even then, it isa rare practice —
the secrets of Thaumaturgy are too precious (and
for many too ill understood) to share.

Setting aside the Embrace, mortal wi:
be useful allies for vampires, since their loyalty can
be secured with a blood oath and they can become
ghouls like any other mortals. Wizards are not
immune to the effects of Disciplines such as Domi-
nate or Presence, either, although they often have
high Willpower ratings and some may have magi-
cal charms and other forms of protection.


things that happen in the dark of the night in secret rooms and
forlorn groves are of interest to us.

We must have a care when dealing with sorcerers and

witches, since their powers can be a threat, even to us. But

few of them have the power to overcome one of us without

the time to prepare and work their magic, and only a foolish

Cainite gives them that time. Those who are a threat are

best avoided or killed outright, but there are others who are

potentially useful to us. It is those sorcerers Cainites have

tempted with promises of immortality and arcane power.

Our arts exceed the powers of most mortal occultists, and

our physical prowess is greater still. Many purported wise

men and wise women have yielded to the desire for such

power —and discovered that the bargain was notall that

they were told. Indeed, sorcerous arts seem to wither

under the power of the Embrace, relegating once skilled
witches to blood-hungry shrews.

But the Embrace of a few sorcerers is nothing com-
pared to the work of the Tremere. The Usurpers wrested
the vitae and power from captured Cainites by magic,
diablerized an Antediluvian and turned what remained

of their magical order into a cult to serve their needs.
They have drawn heavily on the mortal interest in the
occult arts to attract their new apprentices, retainers
and childer. Mortal sorcerers throughout Europe have
reason to fear, since many Cainite princes see the
Tremere in every secret coven or isolated hermitage.
Some want to prevent other wizards from coming to the
Tremere's aid, while there is talk of the Tremere's former
allies in the Order of Hermes moving against them. |
am told that the Tremere do use occult orders to
gather followers but that they are also wise enough
to gather them in other ways. Certainly, their
magic gives them the means of creating other

cults, if they wish.
Some Cainites, ignorant of the effects of the
Embrace, have sought out and Embraced magi-
cians in hopes of gaining allies able to counter
the power of Tremere thaumaturgy but gained
only powerless neonates, some of them drawn
tothe Tremere in hopes of learning the secrets
of their blood magic. Wiser heads have gath-
ered mortal sorcerers as allies and retainers.
The power of the blood oath does not weaken
asorcerer's powers, anda ghoul warlock can be a
powerful and useful ally, indeed. Still, the
work of the Tremere has sown greater
distrust for the arcane artsamong theclans,
and sorcerous cults have fallen out of favor.

THE CuLrs OF
THE Roaps

If we can be said to have
faiths of our own, my childe,

HIEROPHANTS OF THE NIGHT.


then it is in the Roads we walk in our unliving exist-
ences. The Road isa constant companion and catechism,
but it is more than just that. We do not seek solace or
salvation like a mortal pilgrim, for we are already
damned. We walk the Road to win back some small part
of our soul from the grasp of the Beast, whether through
virtue or villainy, to grapple with the Beast and master
it in our own way.

Some Cainites follow their Road with an almost
casual attitude, scarcely aware of the philosophy be-
hind it, acting only on instinct anda denial of the Beast.
Others study the Roads with the care a monk gives the
Scriptures, and much debate has taken place among our
kind regarding the true nature of these paths and where
they may lead us. But itcannotbe denied that the Roads
hold the Beast at bay, and that makes them important
to all Cainites.

Like any faith, each Road has its zealots, particu-
larly the Roads devoted to serving some higher power,
be it the Road of Heaven, the Road of the Devil or the
mysterious Road of Typhon followed by the Serpents.
These believers may preach their faith —as the follow-
ers of the Road of Heaven do— orseek converts in their
own way. This leads to what I call the cults of the Roads,
sects and cabals built around the tenets of a particular
Via, which often include not only Cainites, but ghouls
and even mortals among their number.

Such a cult devotes itself to the virtues ofa particu-

lar Road as seen by its leader, usually a Cainite of some
standing on the Road (or at least one thought to be).

Some of these sects are similar to monasteries, gather-
ings of like-minded individuals following their vision
in isolation from the world. Others are secret cabals
hidden among mortal society, even within the ranks of
the nobility or the Church.

Cainites within the cult follow the example and
teachings of their leader and mentor to improve their
knowledge and understanding of the Road. Mortal
members of such cults (including ghouls) believe that
by following their chosen Road, they can emulate our
kind. Some believe they are helping us seek redemp-
tion, notably those on the Road of Heaven, while
followers of the Road of the Beast or the Road of the
Devil seek to be more like us, perhaps preparing them-
selves in hopes of the Embrace.

INFERNAL Cuts

The most dire cults are those that embrace the
power of the Devil and draw others, both mortal and
Cainite, into his service. These sabbats and covens are
the most secret of all, since they have the whole world
arrayed against them. The Church hunts them as the
most vile of heretics, the law sentences them to death
by torture, and even the princes of our kind outlaw

ASHEN CULTS

diabolist cults and order theit members executed, when
they are discovered. Still, the temptations of the Devil
are many, particularly for us, and some become caught
in his infernal web.

When you have roamed the night as long as I have.
my childe, you will be privy to an astounding variety of
theorems regarding our damned souls. Are we already
condemned to Hell, as the Cathars would have it? Are
our souls dead and gone from our shells, reducing us to
the status of animals? My own feeling is that even
though our souls are damned, they are ours. This means
the denizens of Hell would take them for their own, to
devour ot carry back to their fiery realm. Anyone who

SHEN PRIESTS

While all Cainites respect and follow the Roads
to one degree or another, some are particularly
zealous in their devotion and believe it is their
responsibility to help others to see the way. Some of
these vampires were clergy before' their Embrac
others find new faith in their "calling" toaparticular
Road. Regardless, they often style themselves
"ashen priests" of their Road.

Like their mortal counterparts, ashen priest
advise and shepherd their flocks, namely Cainité
following their chosen Road. They serve as ex
amples of proper behavior and offer insight and
guidance. Some also take it upon themselves to
punish transgressions. The nature of the priest's
Road influences his ministry, of course. A priest of
the Via Humanitatis fights to keep members of his
flock from falling prey to the Beast. A priest of the
Via Bestiae teaches that mercy is foolish and sur-
vival is all-important.

Ashen priests may also minister to mortal:
depending on their Road and circumstances. This is
more common with the Roads that embrace Con-
science and Self-Control as Virtues. These Roads
are also the ones with the most priests, simply
because their followers are more likely to feel a sense
of responsibility toward others. Some roads, such as
the Road of the Devil or the Road of Typhon, have
priests who seek to tempt the followers of other
Roads into straying, while Roads such as Paradox
have few self-proclaimed priests.

Also like mortal clergymen, accomplished ashen
priests often exercise considerable temporal influ-
ence. They can sway the opinions of many vampire
and influence even princes, much like mortal bish-
opsand cardinals. However, unlike the Church, the
Roads have no recognized pontiff, and the priests of
different Roads often work at cross-purposes.


bargains with demons may gain some measure of power,
but for a great price indeed. Any Cainites foolish
enough to believe their souls no longer have value
should heed my words; traffic with demons at your own
great peril, my childe.

Still, some of our kind and some mortals do serve
the powers of Hell. The Baali and their accursed cults
are the gravest example. They devote themselves to
depravity and corruption, luring others into their foul
worship and rites, often by disguising themselves as
another sort of cult and drawing followers deeper and
deeper in, One sort of temptation infernal cults offer to
their followers are the secrets of sorcery, gifts from the
Devil and his dukes. By the time the true nature of the
cult is revealed to them, members are unable to escape
—or no longer wish to because they have become as
corrupt as their dread masters.

Ileave you with this warning, my childe. Consider
until my next missive the many kinds of cults and the
advantages and disadvantages they offer.

CONCERNING: THE
CREATION OF CULTS

Greetings, my childe,

So now you know the history and diverse types of
the sects we form and join. You are no doubt beginning
to wonder how one goes about creating such cults. Or,
more likely, you are already formulating plans of your
own. Your ambition is one of the reasons I chose you,
afterall. But once again, I caution patience. I have tread
this path before you and know it has many hidden
pitfalls. These letters exist so that you may learn from
me and avoid some of my mistakes, as is proper for a
childe to do.

Thus, before thinking of how to craft a clutch (or
empire) of worshipers, ask yourself why you wish to. To
properly forge a following, you must have both the
desire and the ability to lead, either one is insufficient
without the other. Ability can be inborn or learned,
and I have every confidence that you shall rise to that
particular challenge. Desire, however, can spring from
many sources, and you would do well to consider your
reasons for building a cult before you attempt it, just as
you would wanta reliable map before starting out on a
journey to an unknown land. Know your goals, then
find the means of attaining them. What are the goals of
acult? They are manifold.

BLoop

The simplest reasons to gather mortal, and even
Cainite, followers to your side is our base hunger for
prey. Loyal retainers and followers can assure a herd

that you can feed on safely, without having to hunt and
tisk discovery or mortal outcry. Carefully handled, a
cult can provide blood fora coterie of Cainites for years,
even mortal generations, as the most successful cults
have in the past.

If you desire a cult to help slake your never-ending
thirst, consider it when gathering the herd. You need
mortals who are strong and preferably free from disease
and contagion, enough of them that youneed not drain
any vessel too greatly, but not so many that they may
easily rebel against you. Young families are particularly
useful, since they will have children that can be brought
into your service, to receive your blessings and to
eventually serve you with their vitae as well. Plus, they
are useful hostages against the behavior of their parents.
Unless you intend to take an entire village as yours (an
ambitious undertaking), your followers must conceal
your feedings from their neighbors and particularly
their parish priest.

Most importantly, you must have a means of assur-
ing the obedience of your herd. As they feed your
hunger, so must you feed theirs, or else, your prey will no
longer be so willing. I will discuss the needs of cults and
how to satisfy them anon, but be aware that no cult
exists simply because you will it so.

ON ELDERS AND Cuts OF BLooD

Some elders of our kind gather cults around them to
ensure the blood that they need — not mortal blood,
but the vitae of Cainites of higher generations. As we
prey on mortals, so must our elders prey upon us. (Be
assured, my childe, I have no such designs for you. You
are destined for other things.) Like any blood cult, this
need not be a matter of hunter and prey. A cult can
provide satisfaction to its members as well as its leaders,
and wise elders slake the desires of their followers in
exchange for their fealty and their vitae, particularly
since an elder desires a variety of vessels to drink from
(also for reasons I will discuss in time)

TEMPORAL POWER

There is power to be had in this world, and many
Cainites hunger for it nearly as much as they hunger for
blood. Sects can be a source of influence for those who
build and maintain them carefully, but do not overesti-
mate the safety and position offered by a cult, even a
great one, for it can be your undoing.

Certainly, a carefully made and controlled cult
offers power at least over one's followers. Some cults
also offer influence in other parts of the world, depend-
ing on who belongs to them and what they are capable
of. A craft cult may grant some sway over members of
that craft, even those who don't belong to the cult. A
pagan cult or a knightly order may exercise influence

HIEROPHANTS OF THE NIGHT


with like-minded folk, and any cult may exercise au-
thority through the personal influence of its members.
If a lord or bishop is your follower, then much of his
power is yours, provided you exercise it with care and
protect the interests of your pawn.

Ifyou seek a cult for power, then choose its purpose
and members accordingly. A heretical cult that draws
lords of the Church to your side ora cult of pleasure that
serves the appetites of noble lords is certain to garner
more influence than a collection of peasants or pagan
folk. Also, consider the influence your cult may give
you in the future. The sons and daughters of nobility
you ensnare now may rule households and manors of
their own ina mere 10 or 20 years time, and ladies may
snare themselves even more powerful husbands, espe-
cially with some helpful guidance. Patience is the key to
building a cult's position — and your own.

‘WorSsHIP

I know of cults where Cainites are worshiped and
treated as gods by their followers, who see our immor-
tality, our physical prowess and the power of our blood
as signs that we are divine. I know of more than a few
of our kind who truly consider themselves divine,
rather than damned, either blessed by the hand of God
Himself or gods in their own right, like the pagan deities
of old. They claim the worship of their followersas their
due, and I must confess, who would not be drawn to the
heady draught of being worshiped? It is a potent liba-
tion.

It was certainly so in the days before the Christian
Church, when many Cainites took the guises of gods for
the Romans, Egyptians, Greeks, Celts and others. To-
day, the guises of pagan deities are not as useful, but
some of us adopt the mantle of saints instead, either
mortals blessed and chosen by God or His saints re-
turned from Heaven on His work. You have no doubt
heard that the blood of saints is holy, so how much
easier is it to convince the devout to take and drink of
such blessedness?

For some Cainites, the worship of mortals is merely
ameans to an end, giving them power and assuring the
loyalty of their followers. Others, as I said, consider it
their due and see themselves as gods among men.
Certainly, the fervor that worship inspires allows a
supposed Cainite god or saint to call for whatever

acrifices he wills, and his followers may well gladly

place their children upon his altar like Abraham did
Isaac. But the zeal of worshipers can also turn ugly if
their god does not live up to their expectations. As God
is both jealous and angry, so too is a congregation
spurned or disappointed by their deity.

If you would be worshiped, seek out those with
nothing to believe in and give it to them. Or else find

ASHEN CULTS

those who believe devoutly and play to their beliefs.
Cultivate the Disciplines that will grant you godlike
majesty and holiness to rival an angel descended to
Earth. Most importantly, keep faith with yout worship-
ers, as you would have them do with you. A jealous and
angry god inspires awe and fear, but a fickle one sends
followers to find another to worship.

COMPANIONSHIP

Ours is a solitary existence. Even among our own
kind, we must always be on our guard because we know
the kind of predators we truly are and how easily we turn
on each other to satisfy our own desires. That is one of
the first lessons I taught you. Although the lion may lie
down with the lamb in the Kingdom of God, it is
difficult for hunter to lie with prey in this world

Still, there are those Cainites who seek relief from
their lone existence — no matter how brief — in the
company of others, both mortal and damned. Most find
ease among loyal servants and retainers, or worshipers,
as I have mentioned. A few, such as the Brujah, seek the
company of equals and dream of a peaceful coexistence
between mortals and our kind. I cannot say what may
come of such dreams, only that I have never seen them
bear fruit.

A cult founded on companionship isa folly, an effort
to capture the mortal life and family that has been lost
forever. Would you take yourselfa wife, builda fine manor
somewhere and raise a gaggle of adopted children nursed
on blood? Would you be the head of a loving clan, sitting
beside a cold hearth, watching them live in the dark?
Friendship between mortalsand Cainiteshas been known,
but do not seek it among your followers. You are their
better, and if you forget that, then you are courting
rebellion and betrayal, not camaraderie.

Duty

Some cults arise because the Cainites who found
them feel it is their duty to gather followers to serve a
cause. It may be one of the causes I have spoken of, in
the name of a liege lord, such as a childe creating a cult
in the name of his sire, to give him blood, power or
worship. As a great lord has many vassals, so may a
powerful Cainite have many childer and thralls, whose
mortal followers ultimately owe fealty to their master's
master. If you can, see to it thata vassal does not find his
duty onerous, but pleasant. Vassals benefit from the
responsibility of overseeing the cult in your name, but
they must not get above themselves. Remind them
always whom itis they serve and in whose name itis that
they rule.

Other Cainites create cults out of a sense of duty toan
ideal or cherished goal that does not fall among those I
have named. Of late, the greatest duty for neonates is


chivalry, the call to knighthood that has led to the
creation of knightly orders for Cainites to follow. Others
create schools or gatherings of scholars to study ancient
works and the riddles of nature. Some even form sects to
protect the interests of a mortal nation they still feel ties
to. I know of one Cainite who swore an oath to her
beloved husband to care for their family before he took the
cross in the First Crusade. Though he never returned
home, and she caught the eye ofa Toreador, she kept her
oath even after the Embrace. She and her mortal retainers
watch over her great-grandchildren and their children
still, and I am sure that she will protect her line for as long
asshe walks the night.

FAITH

As I have said, faith is a great power, even among
us, and many of the Damned seek comfort and solace in
their faith, while others find in it a reason to continue
beyond satisfying the needs of the Beast. Those of like
faith tend to gather together, and they may preach to
others and seek to convert them to their faith, gather-
ing followers and disciples to their way.

This strong faith may come from a Cainite's mortal
life before the Embrace, or it may be found in unlife.

Cutts AND Farr

Many ashen cults are founded on the power
of faith, from Christian heresies to surviving
pagan beliefs. The followers of such cults are
usually strong believers in the faith, since they are
willing to risk being denounced and punished as
heretics for their practices. The vampire leaders
of religious cults don't always share their follow-
ers' faith, but some do, believing as strongly in
their cult's dogma as others, if not more so. Such
vampires may have the Higher Purpose Merit
with relation to their cult (or the Driving Goal
Flaw, depending on the nature and depth of the
characters' beliefs).

Ateligious cult can inspire True Faith among
its adherents, whether they are Christians, Mus-
lims or pagans, although it remains rare even in
the most fervent cults. A vampiric cult-leader
cannot have True Faith in a cult that worships
him (faith is belief in something outside of your-
self). Ifthe cult accordsa special place to Cainites
(as many ashen cults do), then the cult's True
Faith does not repel vampires and may even
overcome the True Faith of others opposed to the
undead. In any event, a cult's True Faith never
repels or harms the Cainites who lead the cult.

Some neonates come to the Viae with the zeal of the
newly converted and seek to spread their newfound
faith to others, both Cainite and mortal.

Those who cling to their mortal Christianity se
redemption from the God who cursed Caine and, there-
fore, all ofus, or they make themselves God's instruments
of vengeance against the unholy in the world. Other
Cainites hold to Jewish, Muslim, or pagan beliefs with
the same fervor. Then there are those who embrace
their damnation with all their heart, walking the Road
of the Devil and creating infernal cults, as 1 have
described. Do not be so foolish as to assume that the
Baali are the only infernalists in our midst, my childe,
or that their wiles are easy to detect or resist.

I will leave you with that thought for now.

CRAFTING THE CULT

Greetings, my childe,

Your attention to detail over these past weeks has
pleased me, my childe. We have considered the many
reasons for forminga cult or coven. Now come the three
stages of actually doing so. You must gather followers,
ensure their loyalty and see to the cult's needs and
growth over time.

GATHERING THE First
FOLLOWERS

A cult grows froma small retinue of devoted follow-
ers likea crop grows from seed. First, you must gather the
seed — planting and carefully tending it — before you
can reap any sort of harvest from your efforts. Your first
followers must have certain qualities if they are to serve
as the start of a worthy sect.

First, they must be loyal. Much of the work of
creating and maintaininga cult must be done during the
day, so you must be able to entrust this work to your
followers. They are your lieutenants, overseers of the
cult you will gather together. If you are the cult's god,
then they are your high priests and priestesses. If you are
lord, then they are yourseneschals and ministers. There-
fore, you must secure and hold their loyalty completely
and utterly, but not through such crude means as
domination. No, you need their free will and their wits
intact if they are to be of any use to you. You must secure
their loyalty through other means: the strength of your
presence, whispered promises, worship, fealty and the
power of the blood. There are many ways to secure
loyalty, as you shall see.

Second, your first followers must have some mea-
sure of cleverness and the ability to sway others to your
cause, but they must not be so great in either endeavor
as to exceed you. These first converts will be your

HIEROPHANTS OF THE NIGHT


emissaries in .the mortal world, gathering others to
follow you. Therefore, they must be able to recruit
others and secure their loyalty to you and your order.
That is why I teach you these lessons, not only so that
you may understand, but so that youcan pass on enough
knowledge to your followers. Here, you walk a danger-
ous line. You must teach them enough of this lore to be
useful but not so much that they believe they can do
without you. Underlings throughout history have de-
cided they could do without the rulers they served. Of
such things are rebellions made. Take care to guard
against them.

Third, consider the purpose and nature of the
following you seek to build. Choose your first servants
from those able to accomplish your goals. If your new
following is to be made up of the sons and daughters of
the noblest houses, it does little good to choose a
penniless beggar as your catspaw, unless, of course, you
clean and clothe the rogue and arrange a suitable
introduction to court for him. Even then, you are better
to choose someone familiar with the ways of the nobil-
ity and able to move easily among them. Likewise, if you
will gather strength from beggars, thieves and outcasts,
anobleman isa poor choiceas the first of your company.
Your first servants must move easily through the social
circles of your potential converts.

Finally, choose your first converts with care and an.
eye toward subtlety. You do not want fanatics preach-

ing heresy in the streets for all to see, nor do you want
sudden changes in manner or behavior likely to arouse
suspicion. Seek out those with beliefs and manner
matching your needs, so their later actions will seem to
arise naturally from their character.

GAINING CONVERTS

Once you have gathered your first followers, it falls
largely to them to gather the next, although with your
guidance and assistance. For any following greater than
ahandful, it is important to understand that you cannot
exercise direct control over all. You must rely on the
abilities of your most loyal servants to keep the others
obedient. This is perhaps the greatest benefit and the
greatest risk of a large following. You gain the benefit of
many servants and all that they bring you, but you
surrender at least a small part of your security, unable to
watch all of your followers at once, relying on the aid of
others to maintain control.

Still, you can minimize these risks by careful plan-
ning and following my advice. Learn the means of
swaying and gaining converts well, then teach your
most loyal only what they need to know to carry out
their work. Maintain the loyalty of those closest to you,
and they will watch the rest for you, warning you of any
danger to your rule.

ASHEN CULTS

Gaining converts is a matter of three discrete steps:
seeking out those suited for conversion, initiating them
into your circle and, finally, binding their loyalty in
some lasting way.

Finpinc New FoLLowers

Like the hunter you are, you must develop an eye and
ear for prey. This is different from the hunt for vitae but
similar enough that it comes to our kind with only a small
amount of study. In the hunt for blood, we seek those that
are filled with the life we need to sustain us, alone and
vulnerable, unlikely to be missed for some time, that we
can continue to feed from or dispose of easily. In the hunt
for servants, we likewise look for the frayed edges of mortal
society and those who linger at them. Ideally, a potential
follower has few friends or relations or can be separated
from them for long periods of time. The absence of such
followers will not be noticed or can be explained away as
part of their duties or regular habits.

Potential followers should either be weak in faith and
will, apathetic toward worship andlife, orardent believers,
burning with zeal. In the former case, they can be guided
toward something they can believe in deeply, anew center
for their life that givesit meaningand purpose. In the latter
case, their faith can be used as a means of guiding them
toward you, slowly transferring their fervor over to you:
This can be dangerous when dealing with a fanatic whose
views are already set, but others are like clay, waiting to be
molded and then fired with religious zeal to set them in the
form you dictate.

Consider all the reasons men and women enter the
cloister, and you will find among them the reasons they
will come to you. There is a desire to leave the world
behind and find one more suited to their temperament
Some seek to know something greater than themselves, to
feel awe and wonderment. Others, driven by shame and
guilt, seek to wash away past sins or cut themselves off from.
their old lives and begin anew. There are those who seek
order and discipline, the simple life of following the
monastic rule, who are easily turned to follow your own
way. There are seekers of companionship, compassion,
love, power and peace. A\ll of these desires are as bait for
your hooks, to draw them in and make them yours.

THE INITIATION OF
FOLLOWERS

Once you have hooked the fish, all that remains is
to haul it in. The introduction of new members to your
cult is important to secure your influence over it and
assure its future loyalty. There are many techniques that
help integrate a new recruit into a cult's ranks. Use
them in combination to ensure the neophyte will have
no opportunity to resist the cult's lure.


SEPARATION

Keep the neophyte from contact with anyone other
than your loyal followers: A. sense of separation from
ihe world creates a need for whar you have t.offer:
stability and purpose. Loyalty and faith are contagious,
and being in the presence of those loyal to you:can
inculcate it in newcomers. Isolation from the familiar
makes it more difficult for the neophyte to return to old
ways and familiar faces. This isolation need not be long;
a day or two a least, the duration of a hunting trip or a
short journey (a pilgrimage, perhaps?) is better. If you
have the opportunity to isolate neophytes for longer (in
deastle, monastery orstronighold of yourowa),go nich
the better.

Encourage separation from the people and things of
ordinary life within neophytes. They are special, differ-
ent from the common herd, which doesn't understand
their wants or needs as you do. If others knew how
special they were, they would be jealous and would
move against them. Instill in them a fear of the ordi-
Baty, making yoursaplace'of refuge from axtrangerand
hostile world. Create a sanctuary for your followers,
whether an actual physical place or a sanctuaty of
thought and ideas, where they can seek shelter.
RiTaan

The induction of any newcomer into your flock
should be accompanied by the appropriate rites, given
as much importance as any sacrament of the Church or
dic owning of a king. Ie marters little exacely what
rites you use, so long as there isa ceremony that stresses
the binding of the neophyte to the order, preferably
with oaths of loyalty and dire consequences for violat-
ing them. If you are skilled enough in the arts of
domination, an oath of fealty may bind your new vassals
{6 you more tightly than' they imagine. Ihave also heard
of blood magic being used for the same purpose. An
initiation ritual is also an ideal opportunity to begin a
blood oath, particularly ifit includesa Mass orsomesort
of communion, in which asmall amount of vitae can be
included. Do not underestimate the power of a sworn
oath, bound by blood or not. After all, oaths to liege and
Church are taken deeply to heart, even without the
power of our blood behind them. If you choose well,
your followers will take their oaths as seriously.

Teach newcomers the rituals of your order and
Pres their importance. Seethat rituals are carried out
ona regular basis. Their secret knowledge of your rites
elevates your followers above the masses in their hearts.
They know things others do not, and they likely hunger
forgreater knowledge and the opportunity to rise in the
fanke of your order. Carrying out rituals together ere-
atesbonds of fraternity and familiarity within your cult,

and accustoms them to obedience and following your
instructions and those of your lieutenants.

MaAnreuLaTion

Once neophytes are in your hands, their hearts are
yours to play like fine instruments. One does not need
the illusions of the Ravnos or the intoxicating aura of
the Toreador to twist the mortal heart, particularly one
made:so vulnerable. Be asa parent (or astern God) with
small children, lavishing praise on those who obey and
serve you well, harshly disciplining those who fail to
show the proper respect. Your followers will quickly
learn that to obey brings rewards and to disobey brings
swift and sure punishment. Not only will they follow
your orders, but they will also seek to find new ways to
please you and earn your affection.

THe RULE

One of the most important aspects of monastic life is
the rule, the laws that govern every aspect of monastic life.
A successful cult must also operate by a rule, although not
necessarily the same as that of a monastery. Consider the
life of a cloistered monk: rising daily at matins, observing
morning prayers and a meal eaten in silence, working
throughout the day, with time for other devotions, and
retiring at complin. A monk's vows are ever uppermost in
his mind and in his daily life.

So it should be with your followers. Although most
cannot follow the rigid rule ofa monastery, you can create
and enforce rules that keep their loyalty and duty upper-
most in their minds. Daily rituals performed in secret,
meetings with others in your service, tithes to your coffers,
and sacrifices such as a monk's vows of poverty, chastity
and obedience are all means to give a cult order and
discipline. Mortals desire order and leadership, so provide
it and they will not fail to follow you.

The creation of rules is also a means of testing your
followers' loyalty, as God tested Abraham and Job.
What will they give up for you? What will they do in
your name? What torments will they endure if you
command it? Test these limits cautiously, but test them
nonetheless, and you will know precisely what your
followers are capable of and how you can use them to
your best advantage when the time comes.

‘Work

A successful leader gives his followers work to
perform. Even if it is not important work, the follower
must consider it so. Work can serve a useful purpose
(providing for you and yours, performing needed tasks
and such), but its true purpose is to involve the heart
and mind as well as the body of the follower in your
service. Iti said that work is good for the soul, and it is
certainly true that work prepares the soul for service to


a higher power. Work calls for obedience and disci-
pline, qualities you must inculcate in your followers.

Again, itis likely you cannot enforce the work of a
master over slaves in your followers, particularly those
still living in the world. But you can give them small
tasks to perform in secret: gathering certain herbs,
making useful goods, hunting for food, mending broken
items and so forth. When their work is done, reward
them. When it is not, punish them accordingly. Do
this, and you will see their loyalty grow.

DISCIPLINES:
FAlsSURANCES OF LOYALTY

Of course, even the most silver-tongued leader can
encounter resistance to his will, although carefully choos-
ing your first converts can help to overcome or prevent this.
Still, ourkind has advantages in swaying others that mortals
can only imagine. The power in our blood lets us mold the
human heart and mind like clay, but it is a power that must
be wielded like a master sculptor to be truly useful.

Many neonates, especially young Magisters and Pa-
tricians, are taken with the power to dominate, to impose
their will on others. It is useful to be sure, but it is hardly
subtle. Itbinds the soul in chains of will, leaving the victim
with no choice but to obey. It can ensure cooperation but
not true loyalty. In fact, the dominated usually grow
frightened and resentful of their treatment. Those often
subjected to such treatment may lose their free will
altogether, making them quite obedient but not as useful
as vassals with their own minds, capable of doing not only
what they're told, but also what they think their master
would want. At greater levels of expertise, the art of
domination can ensure loyalty through oaths of fealty
similar, but inferior to the blood oath. Thus, it is a useful
Discipline in the creation and maintenance of cults, but
only when used with foresight and restraint.

The intoxicating power of Cainite presence, on the
other hand, is a great boon to any leader. It cloaks the
practitioner in majesty to rival or exceed that of kings and
princes, bringing mortals to their knees and drawing them
tous like moths to a flame. Even the simplest uses of the
Discipline can overwhelm the mortal heart with longing
and, unlike outright domination, can sway asmall gather-
ing or even a crowd as well asan individual. Your majestic
presence can assure your followers that your will is not to
be questioned and convince others that they cannoteven
hope to challenge you and win. Whether or not it is true,
so long as your followers believe it, it may as well be.

The limit of Presence is that it requires a deft touch,
since it affects the heart and not the mind. It leaves
followers with their free will intact, although, after a time,
they will find itdifficult to defy or reproach you in any way.
Still, powerful presence is no substitute for true leadership

ASHEN CULTS

and an understanding of how to handle followers directly.
T have known some Cainites who thought to enchant
others with their majesty but failed to understand the
needs and wishes of their newfound worshipers and, so,
were surprised when the enchantment soured and the
adoration tured to distrust and, eventually, to fear and
hate. More than one beloved ruler has been overthrown,
and the Son of God Himself was betrayed by oneofhisown
and crucified by his enemies. If you are so foolish as to
consider yourself beyond such a fate, you are even more
likely to meet it.

OF LIFE AND Limp AND
EARTHLY WorsHIP?
THE BLoop OATH

"I shall be your liege-man of life and limb and of
earthly worship," saysone oath of fealty [have often heard.
Such words may be spoken falsely, even with a hand laid
upon the Bible or a holy relic. More than one vassal has
betrayed his lord and his oath, given the opportunity. But
such vassals were not bound by the power of Cainite vitae.

The blood oath is one of the most powerful means at
your command to ensure the loyalty of our servants and
retainers. It is an oath of fealty binding them to you body
and soul that none can easily ignore and fewer still can
break. A vassal can swear an oath of fealty regardless of
what he may feel in his heart. A blood oath reverses this;
no words or rituals need to be exchanged, but the thrall
knows that he isa vassal in his heart, regardless of what he
might think or feel.

Itis best, of course, ifa blood oath issworn honest and
true. It only strengthens the vassal's loyalty and ensures
that he will not easily be swayed to act against you, even
against his will. Such a loyal servant is also more likely to
take the blood oath willingly, requiring only three sips of
vitae on three successive nights to seal the oath. Of course,
the judicious use of Disciplines can help garner a thrall's
loyalty and willingness to take the blood oath in advance.
Few mortals can resist the full majesty of Cainite presence
or the Lure of Subtle Whispers; it weakens their will and
even their desire to resist.

In dealing with less willing vassals, some deceit or
coercion may be necessary to ensure the oath. A small
amount of blood, afew drops, mixed witha dark wine isthe
simplest means, particularly when itis taken inameal with
meat to help cover the taste. It requires more than three
successive nights to pass on enough vitae for the oath, but
the thrall grows more and more cooperative with each
drop of blood consumed, perhaps to the point where the
final sip comes to his lips willingly. His desire for the blood
grows along with his loyalty and obedience toward you.

Desire for vitae can also be an effective means of
ensuring the blood oath. A mortal need not know the


consequences of consuming our blood, only the benefits
that it brings. New ghouls have strength and the fire of
vitae burning in their veins. Most are more than willing to
return forasecond drink —and thena third. Their loyalty
isassured before they even realize it, caught up as they are
in the newfound power.

Of course, not all thralls can be ghouls, since ghouls
require a considerable amount of blood to maintain and
can be a drain on our precious vitae. But a few drops ot a
small sip given to a thrall every fortnight or so can assure
their continued fealty with little risk or effort

Tue CHARACTER OF THE BLOOD OATH

Though the blood oath is a bond of fealty between
regnant and thrall, my studies have show that its precise
nature differs from one Cainite to the next, depending on
the nature of the blood used to bind the oath. Though all
Cainite blood is equally capable of forging an oath, not all
oathsare thesame. The blood of eldersis more potent than
that of the younger generations. There are also differences
according to the regnant's clan, with each bloodline
carrying its own unique "flavor" in the oaths it adminis-
ters. | will discuss this matter further when we consider the
particular ways of the clans in regard to cults,

THE RESPONSIBILITIES OF
THE BLoop OATH

I said that many vassals swear fealty falsely. The same
can be said of many liege lords. | also said that the blood

oath ensures fealty regardless of the thrall's true intent. So
itmustalso be said that the oath requiresa measure of duty
from the regnant. You will discover that the bond of a
blood oath creates in youa measure of protectiveness and
responsibility for your thralls, as if they were your loyal
servants, regardless of what you might feel for them. Do
not mistake the blood oath for the chains of slavery and
domination, and do not seek to forge the oath lightly. If
you do not meet your responsibilities toward your thralls,
then, like any mistreated followers, they may leave you.

ON THE PowER OF LIES

Finally, for ensuring the loyalty of your servants,
consider carefully the power of lies and the limits of a
retainer's knowledge. While it is known to me and other
well-educated Cainites that only old ghouls (who have
lived past their natural span) will die from lack of vitae in
their bodies, most ghouls do not know this, particularly
newly made ones. | have found that if ghouls (or even
thralls under the blood oath) believe that they will die
without a regular infusion of blood to sustain them, then
they are far less likely to defy the one they believe holds
their lives in his hands. Certainly the pain and misery of
having no more vitae is enough to convince them that
they trulyare about todie. And not just any vitae, but only
your vitae. Does a ghoul believe that the blood of other


Cainitesisa deadly poison to him once he has taken yours?
He may, if you tell him it is so.

Exaggerating ot obscuring your true powers can give
youa cloak of awe and mystique among your followers, so
long as you do not pretend to powers you do not possess,
since there isa chance you will then be called upon to use
them. But how many mortals know the limits of our
strength and fortitude? How many know thesecrets of our
blood? Fewer still know of our powers; mortal legend
accords us powers far beyond those of the elders, while
often ignoring or misunderstanding our simplest Disci-
plines. Use this ignorance as means of assuring your
followers that you are invincible, that you know their
every secret and that their hearts and souls are yours to
read and do with as youplease. Such a fearsome reputation
makes it less likely some upstart will move against you.

ON THE
CONTINUANCE OF
CutTs

My childe,

You have leaned how to gather followers and secure
their loyalty, but being able to create a cult is not enough.
The cult is a creature that hungers like any other. Feed it
well, and it will remain loyal, like a dog harkening to your
voice. But starve it, and it may well tum and bite the hand
that feeds it. Know how to satisfy the cult's hunger to keep
it loyal.

A cult may hunger for many things, depending on its
nature. To clarify my own thinking, I have arrayed these
from gross appetites to the most sublime. Each bears
careful attention.

NourisHMENT

All creatures need nourishment and shelter. A cult
that is literally starving will revolt in exchange for a crust
of bread. Conversely, people who are starving can be
drawn toanew faith by the promise of food and shelter, the
most basic of needs. The Church gives alms and bread to
the poor not only because it is mandated by the Word of
God, but also because those tokens buy the loyalty of
beggars and poor souls who see the Church as a source of
worldly as well as spiritual salvation. The lord who is
generous with his treasury and his granary is loved and
lauded by the people. You would do well to take a lesson
from this.

Nourishment is not limited to food, either. There is
also the nourishment that our kind craves and is forever
driven to seek. Blood can be difficult to come by, particu-
larly for the weak, anda generous provider isa boon to the
neonate, the Caitiff, even the Cainite who simply tires of

ASHEN CULTS

the hunt or has become foolhardy in choosing prey. The
same can also be said of ghouls with no master, desperate
for the vitae they need so very much. A promise of
quenching their thirst can lure others across the threshold
and into your domain.

SHFETY

Mortals huddle in fear of what lies in the darkness
beyond their torches, lampsand hearth fires. They fear war
and disease as well, the cruel whims of fate that come upon
them, king and commoner alike. All mortals seek the
safety and security of a stout house and a warm bed, and
many are willing todo whatever they must to have it. Even
the most adventurous souls must eventually return to the
safety of a home. We Cainites, damned and feared, need
the shelter of safety more than any living creature: safety
from the sun and from the fires of angry mobs.

What will others give in exchange for safety? Nearly
anything, if their need is great enough. Many can find
safety within the ranks of a sect, not only physical shelter
from threats but a fellowship ready to defend them. Few
fight harder than those protecting hearth and home.
Make a place of safety for them, and your followers will
support you against anything that threatens it.

Love

Whether itis the love of a man and woman, a parent
forachild or the pure love of God, mortals seek to love and
be loved in return. Even we, who consider ourselves
beyond mortal love and damned in the eyes of God, seek

IMPRESSING THE Loca
Storytellersand playersalike should keep in
mind that mortals in the Dark Medieval world
know almost nothing about the true abilities of
vampires. There are numerous legends, but they
are nearly all greatly exaggerated. Cainites can
use this to their advantage by concealing the
limits of their abilitiesand through cleverappli-
ations of their Disciplines to create "special
effects" to impress their followers.

vampire masquerading as a pagan nature
god can use Protean to rise up out of the earth
during a ritual or to assume the form of a beast
(particularly effective if it is one associated with
that god). Chimerstry and Obtencbration are
useful for creating all kinds of different effects,
including summoning "demons" or "spirits" out
of thin air. A little information provided by
Auspex can convince others of their leader'

omniscience or power as an oracle


tocteate a shadow of that love in our existence, through
the worship of followers, the respect of our peers, perhaps
even the fealty of the blood oath. Butalthough we cannot
grasp the passion of those whose hearts still beat, we must
understand the mortal need and hunger for love, since it
isa powerful lure and temptation in our hands. Followers
who feel loved and cared for are also more likely to return
that love, tying them to you even more strongly. The
Toreador and Brujah, whose blood gives them a unique
insight into true passions, have always understood this.

FaIrH

"Though our bodies be satisfied, let our souls ever
hunger," says the Benedictine prayer at mealtime. Man
does not live on bread alone, and many hunger for the
satisfaction of their soul, they need to feel the presence of
God (or of a god, at least). Although the Church satisfies
thisneed for some, others leave the house of God wanting
for more, and they can be drawn to your side, to worship
youas their god or to follow you as their priest and guide.
Acult based on faith must be fed through ritual, devotions
and prayer. Inflame your followers with the power of faith,
strengthen their belief in all that they are taught, show
them the power of their belief, and they will not waver.

Beware a crisis of faith among your followers, how-
ever, for faith is a precarious thing. It can be a strong as
steel, but a powerful blow can still shatter it, leaving it
brokenand useless. Worse yet, there are few enemies more

dangerous than apostates or more dedicated than the
newly converted. If your followers find faith in something
other than your order, they may well tum against you.

KNOWLEDGE

Some minds desire to know the truth (or at least
believe that they do) and may come to you seeking
answers to their questions. So long as they believe, the
truth is yours to do with as you will. Certainly, few mortals
know the truth of our existence as anything other than
legends and stories, and fewer still know anything of our
history or our nature as childer of Caine.

There are those in the clergy and in scholarly circles
that would give much for this knowledge, and I know
Cainites who have taken advantage of this opportunity to
spread false and misleading information about us, which
ispassed on through books and manuscripts, from teacher
tostudent. Others go a step further and, under a guide of
repentance, teach mortals our "secrets," while actually
leading them astray into sin and corruption, until they are
left broken and defeated or willing swear fealty to their
unliving mentors.

When using knowledge as your lure, beware of the
sharp-witted student who spots the flaws in your tales. A
small lie is often more useful than a great one, although a
great lie is sometimes more easily swallowed than a small

one, Mix truth with falsehood, but do not forget which is
which or what you have revealed, or else, you may hang in
your own web of lies.

PEACE

The world is a place of torment for many. Some are
victims of famine or plague, but others flee the ravages of
war — either those fought by men or those fought within
their own hearts. They seek peace and tranquility, safety
from the world, as well as from the demons that torment
them. Youcan find such souls looking out from behind the
eyes of the old soldier, weary of battle and bloodshed; the
heartbroken youth or maid, betrayed by love and lust; the
priest who has lost his faith or the woman who has lost her
virtue, now seeking some peace in the world.

We can offer them peace among the ranks of our
followers, giving them comfort and purpose once again.
While those who seek peace are unlikely to rise up against
you, they are equally unlikely to leap to your defense unless
they feel their peace is threatened and there is no other
choice. They may be reluctant toserve if goaded or treated
harshly, but they will sing your praises when treated well,
willingly delivering others into your hands.

OBEDIENCE

The servant eagerly awaiting a command, the back
aching for the kiss of the scourge; there are those whose
nature it is to serve and to do so willingly. Many mortals
feel a need for order and discipline in their existence, for
the guidance of a strong hand. In truth, these folk do not
wish to decide matters for themselves, they want things
decided for them, to be told how things will be. Although
we are not all gifted with such servants, we have a
penchant for attracting them. They are drawn to our
presence like moths to a flame, and they rarely leave it
once they have arrived.

To these followers, give duties to perform and oppor-
tunities to serve, and they will be satisfied. Treat them as a
wise lord does his serfs: as valuable cattle. Be free with your
praise for their good work and stem with their failures.
Remember that the true servantis, at heart, nota leader and
needs your guidance. Do not expect too much of these
followers, nor expect them to act with the cunning or force
of one of us, oreven a daring mortal, for that isnot their way.

Also, beware of the Cainite who appears to be a born
follower. Although that may be so for a time, all of us feel
the Beast stir within our breast, and sooner or later, our
hunger turns toward ambition as well as blood. A trusted
Cainite servant may have the means to overthrow his
master, and more than one master has fallen under a
servant's fangs. You should be aware that | understand this
danger well, my childe.

INDULGENCE
Pleasure and indulgence are powerful tools with which
tocontrol followers. Many are tempted into hidden cabals

HIEROPHANTS OF THE NIGHT


and covens by the promises of pleasures beyond those of
ordinary lifeand remain when those promisesare fulfilled.
There are three sorts of pleasure to give to your followers
asa means of rewarding them and keeping their loyalty.

The first pleasure is praise and appreciation, which I
have discussed. The second pleasure is power and its use,
which Iwill discuss. The third are the pleasures of the flesh
and the senses, things we are often denied, but which
mortalsstill enjoy and are therefore vulnerable to. Procure
concubines and comely boys for their enjoyment. Throw
alavish feast with revelsand much wineandale. Give gifts
offine goods that delight the eye. And whenall is said and
done, do not allow your followers to forget who has given
them these gifts, nor how easily their indulgences could be
taken away. Drawn by your rewards and fearing your
displeasure, they will remain true to you... so long as the
rewards continue.

PoweER

There are always those who hunger for power, and
their desires are not always easily satisfied. They will make
themselves known to you sooner or later. Your first
instinct may be to destroy them asa threat to you, and that
may be wise, but there are uses for those who find power
a lure. First, you must tie their power to yours, so you can
reward them with what they crave but still snatch it away
from them, should they abuse your gift. As you may
suspect, many Cainites turn such mortals into ghouls,
giving them a taste of our power but binding them to our
cause as well.

Focus your followers' struggles for power within the
confines of your order. Let them contest for power given
by you to those who serve you. Play such power-mongers
against each other rather than allowing them to band
together to overthrow you. Reward the survivors with
power over others beneath you, but remind them that
they serve at your sufferance and can be replaced as easily
as they have come to power. If they are concerned about
their ambitious fellows beneath them, they will find little
time to get above themselves.

I have other matters that beckon my attention, my
childe, so I will leave you for now.

CONCERNING THE
Cautrs OF OTHERS

Greetings, my childe,

You know now all that I have to teach you about the
creation of a cult of followers. Now, we shall consider the
cults that others of our kind create and direct for their own
purposes and how best to deal with them.

The struggle between those Cainites who use cults as
surtogatesismuch likea game of chess (so hopefully youbegin

ASHEN CULTS

to understand my insistence on teaching you to play). Ie isa
game of move and countermove, and the ideal gambit results
in your opponent's defeat before he is even aware that he has
lost. But when dealing with others, there are also the risks of
sudden reversals and of trouble from within the ranks. No
chess player has faced a pawn that refused to move, but you
may, so consider your moves carefully.

OBSERVATION, ALWAYS
OBSERVATION

When dealing witha cult, your first task is to use the
lore I have given you to study it and learn all you can
about it. What is the cult's purpose? Who brought it
into being — and why? How does the cult gather its
followers? How does it sustain itself? How does it main-
tain loyalty within its ranks? You can learn much simply
by observing.

But most covens are not easily observed. By neces-
sity, they conceal their activities, so you must gather
information about them covertly as well. In addition to
the far-seeing abilities of our kind, there are more
mundane methods. You can employ spies, both within
the cult and without. Spies outside the cult can observe
the comings and goings of its members, their routines
and patterns, which may point toward the cult's nature.

Spies within the cult have the opportunity to learn
much more, but you must beware the possibility of
betrayal. | have already shown you the power a carefully
constructed cult can have over the mortal (and even
immortal) heart and mind. Spies sent into the cult may
become caught up in its ways and turn against you. A
mortal agent bound to you by the blood oath is perhaps
the safest spy you can employ. The power of the oath
protects him from many of the cult's wiles and helps to
ensure he will not turn against you, as well as keeping
him safe from any blood oath the cult might seek to
exact upon him. Even then, the agent must be one
whose loyalty is beyond reproach, one able to resist the
cult's lures.

If you are aware of who some members of the cult
are, you may be able to draw them away from the cult
long enough to worm information out of them. This
risks exposure of your interest, so it is best to employ a
capable catspaw for this, one you can deny should
things turn sour. An apostate cultist is perhaps the most
valuable source of information, particularly since many
cults ensure the silence of their former members how-
ever they can. An apostate is likely to feel threatened
and in need of a safe haven, which you can provide in
exchange for information.

Once you have begun learning about the cult, seek
out its weaknesses. Consider what I have taught you
about the nature of cults and compare it to the one you


face. Look and see how the cult sustains itself and
particularly how it satisfies (or, more importantly, does

tisfy) the needs of its followers. Just like learning
the habits of a beast you are hunting, discovering the
strengths and weaknesses of a cult gives you the means
to deal with it effectively.

Is the cult built on a clever lie? Then how will
exposing the truth affect it? If the cult encourages infight-
ing among the ranks to keep anyone from aspiring to
overthrow the leadership, you can either seek to unite the
disparate factions or fan the flames into an inferno that
will consume the cult entirely. A cult may have many
small weaknesses rather than one large one. Indeed, it is
likely that any competent cult leader has taken steps to
eliminate the most obvious weaknesses, but no group is
invulnerable. Sects are made up of people, and people
always have flaws that can be exploited.

Tactics

Observation is very valuable, but unless you dis-
cover the cult does not threaten your activities, it must
lead to action. When the time comes, there are many
ways you can move against the offending sect.

First, you can confront the leaders of the cult with
what you know. In exchange for their compliance or
allegiance, you promise not use your knowledge to
destroy their cult. This approach is dangerous, but it
can be effective when dealing with a small cult or one
where your information would surely allow you to
destroy it, giving the cult no choice but to accede to
your demands. It is also more elegant than simply
crushing the cult outright. After all, why destroy some-
thing that might prove useful to you? You will have to
keep a close eye on your new "followers" and guard
against betrayal, however.

Second, you can use your knowledge to infiltrate
the cult with your own followers and arrange a coup
that places the cult under your control. Perhaps in
exposing the deception of the cult's "gods" you show
them that you are the true deity, come to punish the
deceivers for their blasphemy. You are the cult's libera-
tor and its members' savior, and they will turn to you
after you have shattered their beliefs, looking for direc-
tion and hope. Tread carefully, and you can shift their
loyalty to you.

Third, youcan seek allies among the cult's enemies,
giving them the information you have uncovered and
setting them against the cult while distancing yourself
from its destruction. Word passed on to a rival, a baron
orking (oreven the Church itself), can bring him down
upon the cult like a thunderbolt, smashing it and
scattering its members to the winds. But take care in
doing so not to expose yourself to too much scrutiny, or

you may find yourself suffering the same fate.

Your knowledge of your enemy will allow you to
protect your own followers against his wiles and may
allow you to conceal your cult's existence from him.
This secrecy gives you the opportunity to plan and
strike from the shadows, before your enemy has realized
there is any danger. It also allows you to choke off the
cult from what it needs most: new followers to add to its
ranks. Once you know the cult's means of seeking out
and recruiting new members, you can interfere with
those efforts, denying the hunters their prey, thus mak-
ing the cult more and more suspicious and desperate
and, therefore, more likely to make mistakes.

Finally, knowledge of a cult may be a valuable
commodity in a Cainite court. Princes are always inter-
ested in the doings of their subjects, especially if'a cult
isa potential threat or a violation of the prince's edicts.
Other members of the court may be interested as well,
including rivals of the cult leaders, and they may offer
valuable information or other rewards in return for
what information you have to offer. Just remember that
as you may bargain knowledge in the court, so too will
others, perhaps knowledge about you. This is one of
many reasons I have kept you far from court, my childe.
With that, I leave you.

ON THE CULTS OF
THE CLANS

Felicitations again, my childe,

This is the last of my letters to you discussing the
creation and use of cults by our kind. Consider it and the
other letters I have sent you carefully, for soon you will
have need of all that you have learned. The last matter
we will examine is how the Cainite clans each create
and use cults.

There is great diversity between and within the 13
clans. Each ofusisan individual, and our blood is only part
of our legacy. Nevertheless, the teachings passed from sire
to childe and the proclivities inherent in our vitae both
mean that some generalization is possible. Each clan has
its own traditions when it comes to the acquisition of
human worship, and you should be aware of these.

Tue AssHMITES

If tales from Castile and Outremer are to be believed,
the Saracens are like unto a cult themselves, with a strict
and secret hierarchy among their own kind. Their ranks
extend from the pinnacle, where the mysterious Old Man
ofthe Mountain rulesover the clan, down tothe very roots
of their mountainous homeland and the mortals that live
there. It is clear to anyone familiar with Assamite ways
that some of the mortal paynim have received training
from their hands and in their ways. The legendary

HIEROPHANTS OF THE NIGHT


hashashiyyn known to the crusaders are only shadows
compared to theirsecret teachersand masters, but they are
nonetheless effective

The teachings embraced by the hashashiyyn give us
clues about Assamite mortal cults. Clearly, they indoc-
trinate mortals who have embraced the faith of Islam as
they have. These mortals are taught unflinching obedi-
ence to their masters through the power of their faith
and promise of paradise after death. I have heard tales
that some hashashiyyn claim to have seen paradise with
their own eyes, a glimpse given to them as proof that
they are among the chosen. Could this be a stronghold
of the Assamites, perhaps the legendary Alamut itself?
Icannot say. Perhaps it is no more than a false vision or
a legend put about by the Assamites.

mites do not control the

hashashiyyn, or the Assassins, as westerners call
them. They allow the other clans to believe
that they do, while studying the Assassins'
techniques and using them to help spread fear
of their clan among the other bloodlines. The
truth of the matter is that the leaderand founder
of the Assassins is a rogue Assamite ghoul and
as much a danger to the clan as he is to anyone
else, perhaps more. He and his inner circle prey

on Assamite vampires for the vitae they need to
stain themselve:
The clan itself is also divided into three
tes, each with its own way of dealing with
mortals. The warrior caste deals most often with

protecting the clan and its lands from invaders,
and its members involve themselves heavily in
mortal affairs such as the Crusades. They most
often associate with other warriors and choose
their neonates from among them. The sorcerer
caste dealsin ancient lore and blood magic, and its
members are most likely to involve themselves in
scholarly matters among mortals, finding follow.
ers and neonates in libraries and mosques. The
viziers are a diverse lot and the most involved of
their clan with mortal society. They weave webs
of influence to control the placesand people most
important to the clan. Each vizier is also obsessive
about a particular area of expertise, which often
leads to them becoming the focus of a cult (even
inadvertently).

For more information about the organiza-
tion of the Assamites and the Assassins, see
Libellus Sanguinis 3: Wolves at the Door.

Irseems equally clear that the Assamites only rarely
share the vitae they so jealously guard with their mortal
followers. Assamite ghouls are few but nearly always
experienced and carefully chosen by their masters.
Likewise, the members of the clan often choose neo-
nates from among the ranks of their mortal followers,
already trained in obedience of their elders and in the
skills useful to a member of the clan. The promise of
power and eternal unlife is a strong lure, as we have
already seen.

The Assamite blood oath seems to enhance the
qualities they seek in their followers. Thralls are in-
stilled with almost unthinking obedience, although
how much of this is a matter of the blood oath and how
much their training and initiation into the Assamite
ways, I cannot say. Perhaps the blood oath is part of the
making of a true hashashiyyn, perhaps not. Whatever
the case, these thralls are remorseless and relentless
agents of their masters' will.]

THE BRUJAH

Say what you will about their beliefs, the Brujah
know the nature of mortals well, perhaps better than
any other clan, and they havea strong interest in mortal
society, above satisfying their own needs. These things
make the Brujah masters of creating new mortal alli-
ances, cults and societies to further their goals, whatever
their particular vision of those goals might be. A Brujah
can rally a peasant rebellion to burn a domineering lord
from his castle, forge an alliance between former en-
emies or inspire kings to rule their lands with justice and
fairness toward all. They have done all these things
before and will do so again, tearing down and building
up, seeking an ideal society for both Cainite and kine.

What the Brujah lack is a unity of vision regarding
this ideal society of theirs. This disunity leads them to
experiment, each following his own vision. So one
Brujah or coterie may create a secret society of scholars
devoted to translating, copying and maintaining vari-
ous ancient works of philosophy, poetry and thought for
the edification of future generations. Others might form
a coven in support of a particular noble line they wish
to encourage or in support ofa rebellion to topple a line
they find troublesome. Still others may form a small
society apart from the rest of the world to experiment
with their theories, although they are rarely left in
peace for long.

Perhaps the most important distinction between
the Brujah and other clans adept at creating cults is that
the Brujah do so through their understanding of the
heart and mind rather than the power of inherent in
their blood (although they have been known to use that
as well). This means that the societies they form are
based on the bonds of honest loyalty, making their


followers more capable than those under bonds of blood
anddominance. These same followers are vulnerable to
such tools from another source, however.

Even the Brujah blood oath differs somewhat in
character from the oaths of other Cainites. Mortals who
drink of a Brujah's blood gain increasing feelings of
loyalty, as with all blood oaths, but more the loyalty of a
comrade-in-arms ora brother to his fellow rather than the
loyalty of a vassal to his liege-lord. After the third thresh-
old, the mortal regards the Brujah as a true and devoted
companion and friend, and many Brujah return these
feelings to their "blood brothers" (and sisters, since they
are known to give the blood oath to women as well). The
thrall (or "companion" assome Brujah say) is willing to go
togteat lengths for his blood brother. Some Brujah claim
that this is the basis for their ideal society where Cainite
and kine can live together as equals.

aes
THE CAPPADOCIANS

The grim and solitary Graverobbers have only a
passing interest in any sort of society, including their own.
They prefer the company of musty books and moldering
corpses to any living thing. Still, the Cappadocians have
interests that sometimes lead them to form societies with
their own kind as well as with certain mortals.

Their foremost interest is knowledge, particularly
knowledge of death. This leads them to cooperate with
others versed in death's ways
morticians, embalmers and even graverobbers. Theymove
among scholars, learning their lore and sometimes choos-
ing one to Embrace and add to the clan's knowledge.
There are tales of Cappadocian cults that take a more
directhand in studying death by inflicting itupon mortals,
andperhapseven upon Cainites, taking careful note of the
various forms death can take. Their Mortis arts seem
centered on just such studies and are said to cover such
dark topics as plagues and decay. Such murderous cults —
ifthey exist at all —are carefully hidden from the outside
world.

The other side of the coin of death is life, and the
Cappadocians take an interest in the medical arts as well
More than once, the patron of a hospital has secretly been
aCappadocian interested in passing on medical lore of the
ancient world and studying the work of physicians and
healers. The hospital of Constantinople is one such
institution, although it appears that its Cappadocian
patrons moved on during an outbreak of plague, using its
cover to add at least one priestly healer to their number.

Ihave also heard tales of the Graverobbers creating
cults of mortals devoted to the study of necromancy, the
magic of the dead, or seeking out such cults to bring them
under their banner. They are interested in both the secrets
of death known to these wizards and, perhaps, a means of
using those secrets themselves, like the blood magic of the

such as necromancers,

Tremere. An Embraced necromancer may discover such
necromantic blood magic some night, signaling a tise in
Cappadocian power.

The Graverobbersare known tocreate ghouls to serve
theirneeds (aswellasanimated corpses). The Cappadocians
share their blood for the purpose of the blood oath alone
rarely, only when they need to ensure loyalty of a mortal
vassal. The Cappadocian oath seems to deaden the emo-
tions of thralls over time. Their regnant becomes their
only true source of happiness or contentment, while the
rest of life becomes as ashen as death. The Graverobbers
often select their thralls from among those who have
recently lost loved ones. To outsiders, it seems only that
the mourning period goes on and on as the thrall cares less
and less about the world of the living.

THE FOLLOWERS OF SET

Few Cainites are more skilled in the manipulation of
mortalsand Cainitesalike than the Followersof Set. Their
clan isa great and powerful cult itself, so little wonder the

Setites understand so much of the creation and control of
such sects. Each Serpent is a priest (or priestess, sinc
temptation often comes in a most comely form) and lures

INSIDE THE Cults OF
While it is true that Followers of Set create
cults to manipulate both mortals and Cainites

into serving their own ends, that only scratches
the surface of the Serpents' activities. The Setites
view these covens (and their members) as useful
tools to help them further their true goals and
support their real cult, devoted to the worship of ,
Set.

Each independent Setite

a priest of Set,
and these Serpents seek to honor their god by
overthrowing a world dominated by the oppres-
sive and misguided ways of Set's brother, Osiri
Belief in the Lord of Resurrection — in one form
or another — binds both the living and the dead
in shackles of fealty and false piety. Set repre-
ents freedom from this existence of slaver
What others call "corruption," the Setites see as
se of the true primal nature of humanity.
Those who the Serpents find worthy are even-
tually inducted into the inner layer of their cult
initiated as acolytes of Set and taught his secret
ways, free from the world Osiris and his followers
vemade. The processis painstakingly slow, since
few are strong enough to bear the responsibility for
their own freedom and accept the message of Set.
But the Followers foresee the day when their ranks
will swell and Set will lead all of his chosen people
to freedom.


followers wherever he goes. With every convert, the bed and equally warm company. There are the tempta-
Serpents further their goals, spreading corruption and tions of the mind: forbidden knowledge, secret
tightening their hold on the world. lore, the choicest morsels of gossip
Although they view their work as a . and the deepest secrets. There
holy duty, Setite cults are not always are even temptations of the
religious in nature. In truth, most : soul. Setites have learned to
of them are not, since such her- Soe. use faith as a goad to drive
esies only serve to attract the EEE Wy their victims and the r
attentionoftheChurch. Those WRN : wae wards of Heavenasalure
religious cults where the |." HAL, WS) Tene tocaptivate them. More
Setites involve mortals are =<" OHTA ' than one holy man has
carefully hidden from pry- | Se thought to penetrate the
ingeyes, since they involve . darkest secrets of ourkind,

blasphemous rites in unaware that a Setite was

honor of the Serpents' 4 ' bed leading him deeper and
god, Set. as I 4 deeper into an unholy

morass of thoughts and
deeds, from which there
was noescape. By the time
the so-called holy man
slew his first virginal vic-
tim in the name of God,
hissoul was lostand he no
longer cared.
Nor are mortals the

No, most cultscre-
ated by the Followers
of Set are far subtler,
webs of temptation
designed to lure in
the unwary and en-
trap them before
they are even aware
of the danger. Setites .
are masters of vice. . only flies caught in the
They seek out the S Setites' webs. They have

most forbidden / 2 Ss temptations to offer the Chil-
pleasuresand of- dren of Caine as well and

ferthem,likethe t delightin any that take their
serpent offering & AS) by fl "S gifts. They seek out both

Eve the fruit of ‘ \ young neonates chaffing
the tree of knowl- 2 co under the rule of their

edge in the ete M ders and jaded elders
Garden of Eden. : 2 4 seekingsomething new in
Also, like the ser- P| J the night. They offer se-
pent, Setites are 2 crets, power, favors and

skilled at con- * —f. é even vitae that others
vincing their ary gi crave, asking for little in
victims to act of ) ay return — at least in the
their own free % me, ; hi beginning.

will, with perhaps y, y The Setite blood oath
only a turn of phrase ‘ i is as insidious as every-
or whispered sugges- 2 thing else about them. In
tion to help guide , Mog ' all mystudies, [havefound
them. ‘ nothing certain about its

What pleasures /' 7 - Y nature, so be weary of rely-
are these? The AX a ing overmuch on my

manifold pleasures ae conjecture. Their vitae
of the flesh, of py. seems to be like a powerful

course, from fine j drug, although it is often
food and drink to mixed with wine or
exotic potions and LYE ~ other exotic

elixirs to a warm 4 Wo) potions of
- 3 S VS

ASHEN CULTS


their own making, so these other ingredients may be
responsible. Continued drinking of Setite blood seems to
fire the senses and the carnal lusts, creating a desire for the
regnant above all other things but also weakening the will
toward temptation. Like their many other temptations,
Setites make their blood into something followers lust
after, so their thralls thank them for the opportunity to
drink while placing themselves more in the Serpent's
power. Thralls become slaves to their desires, with the
serpent holding the chains that bind them.

Tut GANGREL

The feral Gangrel have little use for civilization or
society, even less than the Cappadocians, in truth. They
prefer the solitude of their wanderings, but that does not
mean that the Gangrel dono traffic in mortal affairs or that
they do not form cults when it suits their needs.

In fact, Gangrel create cults quite easily because
they draw upon mortals that other Cainites ignore or
overlook. While the other clans gather their followers
from castle, keep and village, the Gangrel take them
from the edges of the wilderness they inhabit. Mortal
folk living in wild lands are the natural allies of the
Gangrel and respect the Animals' power and strength.
Gangrel have been known to lead bands of mortal and
ghoul followers in raids on civilized lands and to protect
wild lands, claiming the tribute due a lord or steward
from those living there.

The wildness of the Gangrel also calls to those who
know the old ways of the land, which existed before the
coming of Christ and His Church. Although forbidden,
they are still practiced by some common folk, including
the custom of paying respect to the beast-men of the
wood. More than one Gangrel has claimed worship
from a furtive group of mortals gathered in a moonlit
grove in the depths of the forest, and tales of their
midnight revels and supping upon the blood of a forest
devil are not all just legends.

Gangrel blood brings out the beast within all men.
Gangrel ghouls are often as feral and fierce as their
masters, prone to flying into berserk rages in battle. The
Gangrel blood oath engenders a feeling that one thrall
described as the loyalty ofa whelp to the leader of a pack
of wolves, a sense of place in the natural order, with the
regnant as leader and the thrall as follower. I've also
heard tales of a strange potion concocted by Gangrel
from the far north, consisting of vitae, honey and
certain herbs known only to them. In addition to the
other effects of the blood oath, this draught appears to
inspire a kind of poetic madness in mortals, giving them
visions and causing them to speak fantastic poetry or
babble in tongues. How it would affect Cainites (or ifwe
could stomach it at all), I know not.

THE LASOMBRA

I mentioned that few Cainites are more skilled
puppetmasters than the Followers of Set. The Lasombra
are among those few. They are truly worthy of the name
Magister and have dabbled and interfered in mortal
affairs since time immemorial, moving invisibly among
the wealthy and powerful of Greece, Phoenicia, Persia,
Rome, Italy, Iberia and elsewhere. Whatever society
mortals create, the Lasombra take to it like true hunters
seeking fresh prey. Most recently, the Church has
provided the most fertile ground for their schemes, and
the Lasombra model their own ranks on a mockery of
the Church's offices and rites, with bishops, archbish-
ops, cardinals and abbots of their own making.

Faith and power are like clay in Lasombra hands, to
be shaped into something both useful and aesthetically
pleasing. Thus it is that many Lasombra cults are based
upon a foundation of supposed faith or nobility, asecret
Christian heresy here, support of an ancient bloodline
there — pawns arrayed on a chessboard everywhere.
The Magisters take and twist mortal ideas to suit their
needs as they have for centuries. Lasombra religious

ccholars reinterpret passages of the Bible (and, some-
times, other holy texts) to fit whatever meaning they
wish. The Cainite Heresy is the most striking and best-
known example of their work, and Lasombra throughout
Iberia and France are involved with it. Heresies abound
where the Lasombra are concerned, as they craft new
twists on Church doctrine to attract followers.

Of course, many Lasombra are not content to
amuse themselves with cults created by others centuries
ago, and each of them is driven to at least leave some
personal stamp on whatever cults they create. This is
more than simple pride, it is also a matter of belief. For
the Lasombra, like the Setites, are often true believers
themselves. Many take their Christian or Muslim faith
seriously and forge cults that reflect their own beliefs
about their place under Heaven. I've heard it said that
wise Lasombra (and even Cainites of other clans) can
recognize the work ofa particular Magister, but I suspect
this is only true of those who have not yet learned
subtlety or who want their work known for reasons of
their own.

The Lasombra are masters of the blood oath and
often use it to their benefit, gathering large numbers of
mortal thralls, ranging from minor lords to crowned
heads and powerful clergy. The "blood communion" of
the Cainite Heresy is one of their tools; a few drops of
vitae added to the sacramental wine can bind an entire
congregation to a Lasombra's service in a short time.
Their blood oath seems to affirm the Lasombra belief in
their divine right to rule, since their thralls become
convinced in their regnant's leadership abilities and

HIEROPHANTS OF THE NIGHT


infinite wisdom. Unknowing thralls often feel the need
toseek out their regnant and ask his advice or offer him
aplace in their household or court. Lasombra take great
pleasure in refusing the first few such offers, waiting
until their thralls beg their indulgence before "reluc-
tantly" accepting the generous offer.

THe MALKAVIANS

A taste of the draught of madness and inspiration;
how many have sought it in sacraments considered
heresy by the Church? How many have received it from
the hands of the Malkavians? It is easy to underestimate
the mad Children of Malkav — too easy, in fact. Fools
they might be, but fools often have insight others do
not, and more importantly, a fool can speak words that
might lead another man to loose his head, literally.

It seems sometimes that the madness of the
Malkavians is contagious, and those who spend too
much time in their company fall prey to it. Certainly,
their ghouls' minds are twisted by their masters' vitae.
Malkavian blood oaths also seem to carry their taint of
madness, although not so strongly as the Embrace.
Their thralls are often known to behave strangely or
even go mad over time. They become fascinated with
their master's madness, seeing in it some hidden truth
or wisdom that they might decipher, if only they had

MALKAVIAN Mystery Cutts

Once the Malkavians controlled many dif-
ferent cults, with a mix of mortal and vampire
members, throughout the ancient world. They
were seers and oracles in ancient Greece and
Rome, and they influenced mystery religions
throughout the Pax Romana. With the decline of
Rome came the decline of the Malkavian cults,
since mortals and Cainites alike were concerned
with matters other than philosophy and mystery.
Only in isolated parts of the world did the
Malkavian cults continue on, and there are only
a few of any great import in the Dark Medieval
age. They are described in Libellus Sanguinis 4:
Thieves in the Night.

However, they are by no means the only
cults involving the Malkavians. The Madmen
are given to creating small followings among
those who listen to their prophecies and in-
sights or those interested in helping them carry
out their elaborate pranksand deceptions. Some
Malkavians proclaim themselves the heirs of
lost traditions and mysteries, based on vision:
or fragmentary lore they have gathered (or that
have truly been passed on to them).

ZN CULTS

the means of understanding it. When understanding
does come, such thralls often lose their own sanity

Malkavians seem to delight in inflicting their mad-
ness upon others, so they create followings of mortals
and other Cainites based on incomprehensible myster-
ies and arcane secrets. Often, their cults are elaborate
hoaxes played on their victims, but sometimes, the
Malkavians believe in them as much (or more) than
anyone else, though their fanaticism can shift like the
wind to another cause or ideal, leading them to aban-
don their former followers to their own devices.

The spread of interest in arcane and ancient phi-
losophies among the landed and learned classes of
Europe has been a boon to the Malkavians and all
others that create cults based around them. There is a
thirst for knowledge among them, the kind of knowl-
edge that may sometimes bring madness with it.

Tue NosFERATU

If the growing thirst for knowledge in the world
calls to the Malkavians, then it is even more welcome
among the Nosferatu, whose stock in trade is secrets
More than the members of any otherclan, the Nosferatu
are forced to hide their faces from the world. They do

ERATU AND MaAsoNRY

The growing Masonic movement in Europe
isa boon anda useful tool for the Nosferatu. The
order is made up largely of craftsmen and the
growing middle class, a group the Nosferatu
support. It is interested in building, and the
Nosferatu support the growth of cities and revel
in the opportunities to learn the secrets of their
construction. But most importantly, it isa secret
order that thinks nothing of its high-ranking
members i sks to conceal their identi-
ties (and their terrible deformities). Some
Nosferatu have risen high in the ranks of Ma-
sonry and use their position to further their own
agendas, while passing on secrets of architecture
and engineering lost to the world for centuries
but preserved among members of their clan.

Most of the powerful lords of Europe (both
mortal and Cainite) are unaware that many of
the secret passages, hidden rooms and labyrin-
thine catacombs built by their dutiful servants
are well known to the Nosferatu. The Lepers
have also used their influence to create bolt
holes and secret passages known only to them.
They use them to come and go as they please —
and can use them to strike at enemies in their
own strongholds, when they must.


LEPER CoLONI
Leprosy is one of the most feared pl

in all of Europe. Although Christian charity
demands that lepers be cared for — given alms.
and shelter at monasteries and churches —
sensible people know toavoid them whenever
possible. This means that leper houses and
colonies are kept well away from cities and
towns and that people give them a wide berth.
This makes them perfect places for Nosferatu
to hide, feed and gather followers that under-
stand the disdain of others and have no further

ar of disfigurement. More than one leper
colony in Europe is the secret stronghold ofan
individual Nosferatu or a Nosferatu coterie.
Lepers are useful spies, since others go out of
their way to ignore them, although they're
likely to be chased from places reserved for
healthy foll

not walk among the throngs of humanity. They slink
among the shadows, in the catacombs and the dark
underground places, away from the light and the eyes of
men. But they watch, and they listen, and they learn
much from so doing, things they are willing to share
with those who can meet their price. They also learn
things they can use to further their lot in this world.

The Nosferatu understand many thingsaboutsecrecy
and meeting in places abandoned by the rest of the world,
valuable lessons for creating and sustaining a cult. There
isacombination of fearand longing in Nosferatu cults; the
thrill of the forbidden, of the dangerous and dark places,
wedded to the power of being outside the realm ofhuman-
ity, away from the watching eyes of Church and liege,
even the eyes of God Himself. They understand the power
of secrets and of dangling them like a fisherman's lures
before the eyes of other

Nosferatu cults are found most often in the cities and
larger towns, places where they can gather without suspi-
cion, particularly old Roman towns, which often feature
cisterns, catacombs or ruins that the Lepers may claim as
theirown. Theirmembers tend tobe craftsmen andskilled
laborers, those whom the Lepers admire and seek to
support against the nobility, which so often is riddled with
the so scions of the so-called high clans. In fact, many of
the mortal followers of the Nosferatu are themselves
‘outcasts: beggars, cripples, thieves and lepers, and the
leper's cloak isan effective guise fora Nosferatu to wander
abroad at night.

The blood of the Nosferatu carries a measure of their
curse. Their ghouls slowly become as twisted and hideous
as their masters. Even beasts that drink Nosferatu blood

are twisted and unwholesome to behold. The Nosferatu
blood oath changes the hearts of thralls more than their
bodies, filling them with appreciation and loyalty for the
Lepersand allowing the ghouls to ignore their deformities.
Some of the only friends the Nosferatu have are created in
this way, and how it must plague them to know that the
loyalty of their thralls comes from the power of the blood
and not freely from their hearts.

THE RAVNos

Although the Charlatans have little track with the
schemes and power-games of the Cainites of Europe, they
are not without influence of their own. And others do well
to mistrust the Charlatans, for they have earned their
name. The Ravnos are more than willing to lighten a
man's purse or rob him blind if given the opportunity.
They are not the first to hit upon the scheme of using cults
to line their pockets, but they do it well.

No doubt, the Ravnos find it amusing to employ the
techniques other Cainites use to built up allies and strong-
holds to trick unsuspecting mortals, and even us, out of
things the Charlatans can use, namely wealth and other
moveable goods. Such Ravnos "cults" are short-lived
things at best. The Charlatans quickly tire of their game
and move on before they are discovered and exposed,
forced to face their angry victims. Mortals are left behind
or sometimes taken along for sustenance, while Cainite
victims are simply fled from as quickly as possible.

Buttheftisnotthe only purpose of Ravnoscults. They
indulge in asmany sinsas the Charlatans themselves, from
greed to lust, gluttony and vainglorious pride. Ihave heard
of Ravnos cults whose debaucheries exceed those of the
most jaded Toreador, existing to encourage sinand permit
their Cainite leaders to indulge freely. I've also heard tales
of Ravnos worshiped as saints or gods by their followers,
having used their trickery to convince the mortals of the
Charlatans' great power and benevolence. For every sin,
there isa Ravnos devoted to it, and cults often serve these
sinners' goal:

The true Ravnos cult wanders like the Charlatans do.
A caravan, a group of bandits or a pirate ship can serve as
a fine haven for a Ravnos cult. A wandering troupe of
performers might harbor Ravnos among them. A mer-
chant house may have a Charlatan whose wanderings
serve them well, although few Ravnos are likely to be tied
down to sucha thing for long. Ravnos keep their followers
moving, going from town to town, sometimes leaving with
a new convert or two and a strange "sickness" in their
wake. These roving bands allow Ravnos to exist in Europe
even without the shelter of the Cainite courts.

Lastly, the Ravnos have been known to steal an
unwary Cainite's cult out from under him. Builda cult on
religion, and the Charlatan will offer its members a piece


Bioop Oatus

At the discretion of the Storyteller, a
Raynos blood oath may lower the difficulties
for using Chimerstry on a thrall rather than
Dominate and increase the thrall's difficulty
for resisting the illusions. Ravnos cult leaders
naturally use their Chimerstry to great ad-
vantage in keeping their followers enthralled
with their "mystical power."

of the True Cross or the finger-bone of a saint. Build iton
pleasure, and the newcomer will temptand tease with the
promise of indulgences from far away lands. Build it on
fear, and the Ravnos will strike terror into the hearts of
your followers that might make them fear youa little less.

Then, when they have want they want, the Charlatans
are on their way, leaving you to deal with whatever they
have done. When strange travelers show interest in what
is yours, beware.

I know little of the Ravnos blood oath, since it is
something they seem to use sparingly, ifat all. What little
Thave heard suggests that it creates a bond of camaraderie
much like that of the Brujah, so it may be reserved for close
family and friends (or those the Ravnos want to have as
close friends). It may also make its victims more suscep-
tible to Ravnos trickery, although I cannot say for sure

THE TOREADOR

The creation ofa cult isan art, and the Toreador take
to it like they do all arts, with great passion and fervor.
Although some Artisans claim they want as little to do
with the game of politics and authority in the land as
possible, most still take steps to secure their own power
and goals for the future. While Lasombra and Ventrue
manipulate popes and princes, the Toreador play in the
fields of the mind and draw like-minded mortals to their
causes. The Artisans operate in monasteries and craft
guilds, places of contemplation and learning, and act as
patrons to artists and builders, shaping their vision to suit
the Cainites' own, subtly coloring it without their mortal
protégés being any the wiser.

The Toreador work well in their beautiful isolation.
Some try to recreate part of the glory that was theirs before
Rome fell. Cults of indulgence and pleasure are tempting to
mortals,and the Artisansremember the bacchanalian orgies
and wine cults of ages past. These sorts of cults draw in the
most beautiful people to share in their pleasures and often to
partake in the ecstasy of the Kiss of their Cainite patrons.

Other Artisans remain true to the name and create
followings among mortal artists and craftsmen. The work
ofan artist can draw attention from others who appreciate

ASHEN CULTS

beauty, and Toreador use artists and their followings well
Craft-guilds also create a place where Artisans can work
their will, particularly when they have insights into the
making of ancient structures and crafts lost to mortal
memory. No few of the cathedral builders of Europe feel
the subtle guidance of Clan Toreador, creating monu-
ments to God, touched by the Damned.

Finally, some Artisans have turned away from the
fever of inspiration to find beauty in solemnity, perhaps
the influence of the East upon them. More than one
isolated monastery is home to Toreador who seek a quiet
existence of contemplation, inspiring their mortal com-
pany to new heights of enlightenment. There are even
those Toreador who join knightly orders of mortal or
Cainite origin, take chivalry as their art and gather follow-
ers around them eager to learn from the Artisans.

Ofall bonds of blood, the Toreador oath is the most
passionate. The loyalty it engenders is touched with a true
devotion for the regnant and, often, from the regnant
toward the thrall. I've heard Toreador say that the blood

ToREADOR GUILDS

Only Toreador interested in religious or ec-
static rapture use the word "cult" to describe their
gatherings of followers. Most prefer to use the
term "guild" or "order" when discussing such
things. Often preternaturally beautifulandcharm-
ing, the Toreador are masters of personal
relationships, and their gatherings reflect that.
Their guilds are often true cults of personality,
builtuparoundasingle vampire, whoactsasmus
and patron toa group of mortals (and, sometimes,
other Cainites). They tend to be small and per-
sonal by comparison to the cults of clans such as
the Lasombra or the Ventrue, but the Toreador
command great personal loyalty from their fol-
lowers and have control over nearly every aspect
of their guild.

One area where the Toreador have touched
upon the potential for greater influence is in the
Masonic guilds. There, they have run across the
interests of the Nosferatu, who are also involved
with Masons. The Toreador are often loathe to:
shareany domain with the hideous Nosferatuand
want nothing to do with them, but they do want
influence over the growing network of Masonic
lodges in Europe. Such a network may allow the
Artisans to pass on the importance of art and
culture, since the Lasombra are already turning.
the Church away from such things. The begin-
ning of a power struggle between the two clans is
brewing in the meetings of the Masonic guilds.


oath helps to inspire mortal artists to new heights, to give
knightly thralls courage and to give others peace. I suspect
much of this is flowery exaggeration, but there may be
some truth to it.

Toreador can be fickle creatures, and some regnants
are known to banish or abandon thralls they've grown
tired of. Other Toreador drink thralls dry when they tire
of them. I have heard more than one cautionary tale of
such fickle masters regretting their actions and Embracing
their thralls in order to preserve them— often without the
permission of the local prince or lord.

THE TREMERE

The Tremere are already much like a cult, tightly orga-
nized under the rule of their elders against the threat of the
other clans. They also sprang froma cult of sorts, the secretive
Order of Hermes, so the Tremere know a great deal about
creatingand usingsecretordersandcultsto further their plans
Moreover, that is just what they have doneas their power has
grown — and their boldness with it

The Tremere seek people drawn to power, particu-
larly occult power and knowledge. Would-be wizards hear
stories about the powerful magi and their arcane secrets.
These aspirants come into contact with hidden lodges and
orders, carefully arranged so neophytes know little about
theinner circles but get enough ofa taste of what they offer
toentice the mortals back. It seems that the Usurpershave
twisted many mortal scholars and occultists to their will
and use these to set up lodges that mask their vampirism.
Is this arcane society just what it seems or a pawn of the
Usurpers? Few can say forsure before itis too late, and most
clans do not wish to move against all wizards for fear of
making them into enemies or, worse yet, allies of the
Tremere. Many of the mortals seeking power find it in the
ranks of the Tremere, Embraced and taught their ways
The rest serve as a useful screen for the clan, which still
needs all the influence it can muster.

The Usurpers have also leamed the importance of
temporal as well as magical power. Although their Gar-
goyles serve as soldiers and guards in their struggle against
other clans, the elders of the Tremere have realized the
importance of military expertise. They began to Embrace
some of the soldiers and mercenaries in service to their
chantries, and they went on to Embrace others toswell the
ranks of the Tremere's warriors, expected to defend the
clan as they once defended the old Hermetic house. It
remains to be seen if these soldiers, once they have tasted
power and immortality, will remain as loyal to their
masters as before.

The Tremere also understand the potency of the blood
oath, and tales say they use it to bind childe to sire, neonate
to elder, in a feudalism like that of any great kingdom.
Certainly, outsiders seeking to join their ranks must take

THE Catr oF TREN

The Tremere are at work on many fronts, consoli-
dating their power and struggling to survive and prosper
in the face of so many enemies. Influence in the mortal
world is one of the keys to Tremere survival, and they
playa complex and dangerous game of secrets with their
mortal allies. Many members of House Tremere are still
mortal, not entirely aware of what their elders and
teachers have become.

The Tremere pr ampiric state as a form
of magical "enlightenment" to others, and it cannot be
denied that the elders of House Tremere have vitality
and power unlike anything their apprentices and stu-
dents have seen. The most powerful mages of the house
have been Embraced, and the elders control those who
remain mortal carefully. Even more than the rest of the
Order of Hermes, the Tremere have always been secte-
tive, and that serves them well now, since the truth of
what they have become might force them to fight their
mortal brethren as well as their fellow Cainite:

A potential danger to the Tremere lies in the
increasing number of neonates unschooled in the magi-
cal arts. The Tremere Embraced these soldiers, many of
their families having served the house for generations, to
provide the Usurpers with additional warriors in their
struggle against the Tzimisce. The Tremere have also:
created ghoulsamong thesoldiers' number, tostrengthen:
their ranks without the Embrace. While most are a:
willing to serve as ever (more so with the use of the blood
oath to ensure their loyalty), some find they like thenew
power they've tasted and that their Tremere masters are
not quite as fearsome as they once thought. Although
they lack much ability for Thaumaturgy, these warrior
Tremerearestudyingtheirelderscarefully and considering
a future where they control their clan.

the oath to assure their loyalty, since the | remere can take
no chances with spies or traitors,

THE TZIMISCE
The night lords of the lands of the Danube and
the Carpathians have long influenced mortals in

Tzmisce BLoop Oatus
AND VICISSITUDE
Atthe Storyteller's option, a full blood oath (third
threshold) between a Tzimisce and a thrall may reduce
the difficulty of any use of Vicissitude on the thrall by
one, in addition to the reduction in the difficulty of


things that are useful and pleasing to them, and mortals are no
more than the raw materials that a sculptor takes to create
a masterpiece. To the Fiends, the mind and heart are
much like the body, to be molded and shaped to suit
their own desires. Perhaps more is the pity that the
Tzimisce allowed many of their arts to lapse over
time, or else, they would not have been taken so by

surprise by the Tremere Usurpers.
Unlike the members of the secret cults and orders
of the rest of Europe, a goodly number of the follow-
ers of the Tzimisce are quite aware of the nature
and power of their dread lords and ladies, since
they have ruled their lands throughout living
memory. Entire families and isolated villages
pay homage to the Fiends, and generations of
ghouls are born in their service, Cainite vitae
in their veins even within their mothers'
wombs. These mortal and revenant vassals
are mistrustful of outsiders and keep theit
masters' secrets, and woe betide the lone
traveler who stops at an isolated village for
the night seeking shelter. Many such travel-

ers are never seen again.

The bond of Tzimisce blood is said to
be bitter, forcing thralls to recognize and
obey the majesty of the Fiends with all the
deference of commoner to nobility, and it
creates an almost instinctual desire to
obey the regnant's commands. I've also
heard it said that Tzimisce vitae helps to
"soften" the flesh and make it more pli-
able to their crafting arts; perhaps that is
why they choose to practice them so often

on their ghouls and revenants.

THE VENTRUE
The Ventrue move among the wealthiest and
most powerful mortals of Europe and nearby lands,
where they also draw their childer, their ghouls and
their retainers. Therefore, the Ventrue are often born.
to leadership even before their Embrace and learn to
appreciate its subtleties even more afterward. Ventrue
are given to working alone to fulfill their ambitions — but
not without servants and followers to carry out their
commands. So, Ventrue often gathercultsaround
them to serve their needs and further their


goals, in addition to providing them a certain
Eatliec among ochesof theirclan,aviiblesign of \
their accomplishments.

For the Ventrue, cults serve another purpose
as well. Each member of the clan feeds on only
one sort of blood, and the Ventrue often base
their followings on the sort of vitae they require ——
(or vice versa, pethaps?). Thus, 2 Ventrue who
drinks only the blood of the clergy is likely to
establish a monastery or even a church where his
followers can gather, ensuring a steady supply of
blood. A Ventrue with a taste for the blood of
Virgins may build a cult that draws the young to
their side. In fact, an astute observer may learn
something about a Ventrue's feeding habits by
studying the nature of his followers.

Ventrue also include other Cainites in their
cults more often than other clans. A Ventrue
lord may have knights sworn to serve him
through the power of the blood oath, and
these knights may belong to other clans.
Ventrue use orders of knighthood as one of
the models for their own retinues, and
they are strongly associated with mortal
orders as well as Cainite ones.

CarrirF Cuts

I've heard tales of some cults built up
in out of the way places by Cainites who
could not be attributed to any of the clans.
Of course, this may be because they have
covered their tracks well, but it may also be
because the leaders of these cults do not
truly belong to any clan, like us, my childe.
Elders dismiss the possibility that Caitiffs can
gather such followings among mortals, but
for all our lack of clan ties, we are still
Children of Caine. Our status forces us to
learn the arts of self-reliance and leader-
ship, as] am teaching you, and the willingness
of the clans to underestimate us is to our
advantage. Ponder all that I have told you,
and you will see that it is so.

Care for your manor and your needs for
now, and await me, my childe. Your true
work begins soon.



ful unto seath eit Jd vwoill give
thee a crovon of Gi
— Revelation 2:10


Some observers of the Cainite condition claim
there are as many ashen cults as there are vampires with
retainers or aids. Something of an exaggeration, per-
haps, but it remains true that a wide variety of covens
and sects dot Europe and the rest of the Dark Medieval
world. The seven cults in this chapter vary from the
truly expansive cult of the Methuselah Mithras to local
covens serving individual Cainites. They are all in-
tended both to further explore the Dark Ages setting
and to provide you with immediately useful resources
for your own chronicles.

EXPANSIVE CulTs

Most cults are local affairs, worshiping or guided by
a few Cainites and used (at least in part) to spread
influence througharegion. When truly ancient Damned
become involved, or when a cult is lucky enough to
burgeon within a growing social movement, the faith
can reach a wide variety of followers across who king-
doms and even beyond.

Tue Curr of Miruras

Centered in England (spreads into Wales, Scot-
land, Aquitaine and elsewhere)

The Cult of Mithras is a revival (or continuation,
according to its followers) of an ancient pagan cult
dating back to long before the time of Christ and His
Church. It is a warrior's cult, appealing to soldiers and
generals alike, led by a powerful conqueror who is the
embodiment of the cult's god, a Ventrue Methuselah
named Mithras.

The modern Cult of Mithras began in England not
long after the Norman invasion of 1066, which awak-
ened Mithras from his torpor near the Scottish border.
The Methuselah discovered that matters had changed
considerably in his absence from the world and began
to take steps to reassert his influence. He reopened a
temple devoted to him in London, but he underesti-
mated his opposition, and the local clergy (backed by
Ventrue lords) burned the pagan temple and everyone
within in. Mithras and some of his followers escaped,
and he began to plan his ascendancy more cautiously.

Rather than grand displays of power, Mithras rees-
tablished his cult quietly in the British Isles, attracting
new followers to his banner, particularly among mortal
soldiers and nobles and the younger generations of
Ventrue, eager for the power he had to offer them. With
these strings in hand, Mithras began to tug at the feudal
network of English Cainites, provoking conflict be-
tween them. He covered his activities, making it seem
that a rival faction sought to gain power, and the
Ventrue were quick to accuse each other of treachery.

ASHEN CULTS

As powerful lords fell before their enemies, they were
replaced, often by younger Cainites loyal to Mithras.
The influence of the cult spread, and Mithras's influ-
ence grew.

By the start of the 13th century, Mithras is firmly in
control of southern England, with London as his center
of power. A network of powerful vampiric barons and
princes owe him fealty, and he is turning his eye toward
the land north of Hadrian's Wall, a land even the
Romans never truly conquered. But, given time, he
knows that it will be his. Mithras's cult remains a useful
network of influence for the Methuselah, especially as
it allows him to reinforce feudal bonds. According to
the agreements forged after Mithras's awakening, he is
technically dependent on the most powerful barons to
defend his domain. Yet, the extent of the cult within
those barons' own territories makes any betrayal of the
Methuselah difficult at best. Mithras is also using the
cult to spread his influence into Scotland, parts of
France and even further afield

RITES AND PRACTICES

The Cult of Mithras worships the ancient Greco-
Persian god whose name Mithras assumed. He subverted
the Cult of Mithras centuries ago and subtly modified its
tenets to suit his needs. The modem cult is based on the
practices of the ancient cult Mithras used to such good
effect in the Roman Empire and the years leading up to its
eventual decline during the rise of Christianity

Ironically, Mithras is a solar god, associated with
the ancient gods Apolloand Helios, but the Methuselah
convinced his followers of his need to rest during the
day because all of his energies were devoted to steering
the course of the sun. Mithras is also a militant god,
often associated with the Roman Mars. He's a god of
soldiers and battle, qualities Mithras embodies himself,
since he has been a soldier and a general for millennia.
Mithras is particularly associated with the slaying of a
sacred bull, which represents the qualities of power,
strength and fertility, and eating the bull to take all of
these qualities into himself.

The cult gathers in small underground chambers
known as Mithraea. They may be natural caves but are
more often mounds or chambers dug into hillsides. The
typical Mithraeum is 75 feet long and 30 feet wide, with
an altar at the far end and an aisle running down the
middle of its length, with stone or wooden benches on
either side. The Mithraea usually hold 20 or 30 worship-
ers, and many have additional chambers further past the
altar holding stone sarcophagi, havens for Mithras'
loyal followers to rest in during the day. There are
Mithraea scattered across England and parts of Scot-
land—some of them built from burial mounds, Roman
ruins and other forgotten or isolated places.


The primary ritual of the cult involves the sacrifice of
abull to Mithras, followed by the consumption of its flesh
and blood by the worshipers, who take the strength and
qualities of the bull into themselves. Cainite followers of
Mithras usually conduct the rituals, sometimes seized by
frenzied "divine madness" in the presence of so much
blood. Most add a small quantity of their own vitae to the
bull's blood, strengthening the congregation's loyalty.
Those mortals who consume the sacrifice most eagerly are
offered full blood communion from Mithras's vassals,
making those followers ghouls to support him. The most
promising are Embraced, but Mithras rarely gives permis-
sion to do so, careful to limit the number of Cainites he
must contend with.

INFLUENCE AND AcTrviTies
The Cult of Mithras counts numerous soldiers and
followers, both living and unliving. Many are
in their devotion to the faith and its martial
values, while others give only lip-service because they
feel the cult can further their lot and it is best to profess
loyalty to the most powerful faction. The existence of
the cult is something of an open secret among the
Cainites of Britain. They know that it exists and who
some of its membersare, but they don't know for certain

who is and is not a member. In particular, the Cainite
priests and functionaries of the cult usually go masked,
so it is difficult to be sure — even for the cult members
— who is a loyal member of the cult and who is not

The existence of the cult is kept secret from the
Church, of course, which hears rumors of pagan rites but
has little more to go on, typically attributing such things
to folk rituals. Some Ventrue have considered stirring
up the Church against the cult as a means of striking
against Mithras, but they are too concerned about
backlash, both from an inflamed Church and from
Mithras, should he discover who is behind such a plot.
The fact that some powerful lords are members of the
cult makes things even more problematic

MEmBeERSHIP
The Cult of Mithras includes hundreds of members
in Britain. No one (except perhaps Mithras himself) is
y sure how large the cult is, but they have many
individual gatherings at different Mithraea. Most of the
cult members are common, mortal soldiers, but it also
counts officers and nobles among its ranks, along with
Cainites loyal to Mithras, who serve primarily as priests

and functionaries.

UNDYING: COVENS


The cult is divided into seven ranks based on an
ancient system, each rank associated with one of the
astrological planets. They are Raven (Mercury), Bride
(Venus), Soldier (Mars), Lion (Jupiter), Persian
(Moon), Courier of the Sun (Sun) and Father (Saturn)
The ultimate goal is to rise through the ranks and
transcend mortal existence altogether, a state the cult
calls aeternitas and associates with the Embrace. The
greatest of Mithras's followers possess great power, and
the higher-ranking followers are aware of Mithras's
godlike powers and seek such a state for themselves.

Admission into the cult is only for men, primarily
soldiers and the nobility. The initiation is difficult,
involving trials of physical strength and endurance,
whipping and flagellation, branding and bloodletting
(always attended to by Mithras's Cainite priests). After
successfully enduring the various trials, the candidate
swears oaths of loyalty and secrecy to the cult. He is
then baptized with the blood of a sacrificed bull and
admitted into the first rank of the cult, followed by a
celebration and feasting on the sacrifice's flesh.

By serving the cult as a faithful soldier (usually on the
social battlefield rather than in actual war), cult members
rise through the ranks. There are tests of bravery and
worthiness and further initiation ceremonies into the
upper ranks. Those who reach the rank of Lion often
become ghouls in service to the cult's Cainite priests, who
occupy the higher ranks. Those few reaching the Father
rank are often Embraced and initiated into some of the
truth about the cult and its master. Mithras and his
followers also give special dispensation to Cainites who
join the cult, usually initiating them as Soldiers and
guiding them quickly into the upper ranks, if they prove
worthy. Those who prove unworthy through cowardice or
treachery face destruction

Not surprisingly, the martial tenets of the Road of
Chivalry appeal to the followers of Mithras, and many
members of the cult follow that Road. The romance of
a martial brotherhood and the ancient roots of the cult
also drawn in many of Mithras's mortal followers.

Miruras, Lord OF LONDON

4th generation Ventrue, childe of Veddartha

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 1258 BC

Apparent Age: mid- to late 20s

Mithras has always been a soldier. In his mortal life,
he served in the army of a king whose name has long
since been forgotten and whose kingdom has been dust
fora thousand years. He was sent to root out some rebels
and was Embraced by their leader. In the ancient world,
Mithras was worshiped as a god, and he advised generals
and kings, shadowing the rise of the Roman Empire. His

HSHEN_ CULTS

curiosity and his desire to be at the forefront of the
empire's conquests brought him to Britannia, where he
eventually entered torpor.

Now that he has returned, Mithras has found new
challenges and opportunities awaiting him. He is pa-
tient, he has seen empires rise and fall, and he is willing
to take his time playing out this latest conquest. In
truth, Mithras is enjoying himself, and he's wistful
about the possibility of his latest game coming to an
end. Of course, he'll simply have to look for another
conquest to occupy him, and for the moment, Scotland
is of interest.

Mithras is quite cynical and manipulative toward his
cult and his followers. He's co-opted an ancient deity to
serve his needs, and he doesn't believe in anything greater
than himself. Even the Christian Church is a relative
newcomer by Mithras's standards. He's seen cults and
religions come and go, and this one is much like all the rest
tohim. Solongas the cult is useful to him, itwill continue
Whenitnolongeris, Mithras will dispatch it with the ease
of slaughtering a bull.

JAMES MANNERLY, Priest oF MITHRAS
9th generation Ventrue, childe of Thomas
Nature: Gallant
Demeanor: Judge
Embrace: 1178
Apparent Age: early 20s


anew branch of the cult in Scotland (or e
but face opposition from the local Gangrel as well as
the Church and some of the Scottish lords. The
agents:must move cautiously and avoid becoming
entangled in local conflicts if they are to be success-
ful. The characters may be the chosen agents or may
be charged with rooting out the cult.

 Mithras cultists are surprised when a rival cult
that also claims to follow the god appears in eastern
England. These upstarts claim they are the true follow-
es of Mithras, a y appear to have at least some
measure of wizardry to back up their claim. However,
they are strongly influenced by other Ventrue lords,
hoping to use them as a weapon against Mithras and
his followers.

© A mortal member of the Cult of Mithras turns
traitor and intends to go to the Church with what he
knows about the cult. Mithras and his followers want
themaneliminated, while other Ventrue lords wantto

> him succeed in order to distract Mithras and

weaken his power (although they risk a backlash
against all Cainites in the British Isles in so doing).

James is one of the younger Ventrue who have
thrown their lot in with Mithras. After his Embrace,
James quickly realized that the power structure of the
Norman Cainite lords was settling into place and would
ossify and remain the same for decades, if not centuries,
leaving few places for an ambitious younger vampire to
advance. But Mithras has promised the young Cainite
a place in his new order, and James is in awe of the
power and wisdom of his liege lord

Nevera particularly religious man in life, Jameshas
thrown himself wholeheartedly into his role in the Cult
of Mithras, finding his faith in unlife. In addition to
providing him with the opportunity to feed, the cult
also speaks to James's belief that soldiery is the highest
calling of man and openly celebrates what he considers
its virtues. He helps conduct rites for the cult near
Dover and has attracted some converts to the faith.

Tue Masons OF
MARSEILLES

Marseilles, Provence (influence with other Ma-
sonic guilds in France and Italy)

A rising power in the Dark Medieval age is the
crafting and mercantile class, particularly the artisans

who design and build the castles and cathedrals of kings
and bishops. Over the years, these artisans have come

tounderstand their value and band together in guilds to
protect their own interests and preserve the secrets of
their trade. These guilds are secretive by necessity, and
their secrecy is useful to Cainites with their own secrets
to protect — and their own interests to advance.

In the Provencal port city of Marseilles, many
crusaders boarded ships for the journey to the Holy
Land, and some returned from their travels with tales of
what they had seen and done. In particular, some men
returned with knowledge of the great sites of Jerusalem,
of temples and churches, castles and fortifications, and
asense of the sacred nature of architecture. They passed
this information on in secret to their fellows, along with
other lore they gathered.

Notall the lore that found its way into the hands of
the Masons of Marseilles came from holy sources, how-
ever. Some of it came from the hands and the lips of
those who knew and studied ancient building methods
from Rome, Carthage, Greece, Egypt and other lands,
knowledge lost for hundreds of years but preserved by
Cainites. The Toreador showed an interest in the
marriage of art and craft, creating beauty as well as
durability. The Nosferatu were intrigued by the arcane
relationship between means and measures as well as the
clever creation of catacombs and hidden passages.

It is quite clear to these Cainites that the Masonic
guild is a force to be reckoned with. More importantly,
they see such craftsmen as the future of civilization.
While the Venture and Lasombra cling to their nobles,
soldiers and churchmen, the Toreador and Nosferatu
have taken interest in this new power, still in its
infancy. The two clans increased their influence over
the Masons' ranks, but slowly and carefully, engaged in
a complex game of chess with each other and with the
mortals they seek to control.

RITES AND PRACTICES

The Masonic guild of Marseilles is a mystical group
butnotnearlysomuch as many cults. The lodge recognizes
a system of degrees for ranking its members and observes
acode of behavior, but it does not consider itself a heresy
or seek to usurp the power of the Church; the members of
the lodge are God-fearing men. The lodge acknowledges
God as the Supreme Creator in the form of the Divine
Architect, a craftsman who made all of Creation. The
Masons have a particular fascination with the ancient
Temple of Solomon in Jerusalem, an example of the sort
of perfection they seek in their own work.

The Masonsas a whole are interested in knowledge,
and they look on their work as something of a holy
calling. They have already collected lore from crusaders
returning to Europe, and more comes to the Masons
from emissaries of the Toreador and Nosferatu clans.
Members of the lodge swear oaths of secrecy, and they

UNDYING COVENS


often wear cowls and masks at gatherings to provide
anonymity. This practice allows Cainites to appear
sometimes at Masonic gatherings, with the knowledge
and permission of the master of the lodge.
INFLUENCE HAND ACTIVITIES

The influence of the Marseilles lodge, and of the
Masons in general, is growing, as more and more crafts-
men join and both Church and crown have greater
need for their services. Already, the lodge strongly
influences all aspects of the Mason's trade in Marseilles
and influences other craftsmen as well, since many of
them are employed by master Masons as part of their
building projects. Adherence to the lodge's require
ments is strongly encouraged among the artisans of the
city, and those who are not members of the guild find it
difficult to obtain legitimate work.

The Masons' primary goal is to ensure a profitable
future for the lodge's members, both by expanding their

THE GUILD AND THE
CRAFTMASONS

Cainites tread on dangerous ground where
the Masons are concerned because the Ma-
sonic lodges of Europe are increasingly involved
in an alliance known as the Craftmasons. The
leaders of this alliance are dedicated to using
their secret lore and engineering skills to pro-
tect the common folk against the dangers of
wizardryand magic, launchingattackson known
wizards and forging alliances with like-minded
individuals, including some within the Church.

Players of Mage will recognize the early
stirrings of the Craftmason Convention of the
Order of Reason (which later becomes the
Technocracy). In the spring of 1210, the
Craftmasons recruit key members ofmany guilds
in Provence, such as the one in Marseilles.
That winter, the most skilled (and mo:
ous) of them launch an assault on Mistridge, a
stronghold of Hermetic sorcerers, and destroy
it. Dark Ages Storytellers can choose to in-
volve Cainites on the periphery of the rise of
the Craftmasons, s a background ele-
ment or ignore it altogether and assume it's
something the characters are unaware of (which
may very well be the case). It's altogether likely
that the Craftmasons only recruit some influ-
ential and gifted members of the lodge, leaving
the others to continue their own intrigues.

zeal-

HSHEN CULTS

influence in the trade and by acquiring a greater under-
standing of their craft. The guild is considered innocuous
by most, although some craftsmen grumble about its
growing monopoly of the trade. The Cainites of the city
have also begun to take an interest in the guild. Ventrue,
Lasombra and Cappadocians in the region all compete
for mercantile control of Marseilles. The Toreador and
Nosferatu hope to influence the burgeoning new guild
and snatch power away from the ruling clans.

MEMBERSHIP

Membership in the Masons is open only to crafts:
men, which is to say freemen who are recognized as
masters in their craft, rather than humble journeymen
orapprentices. The lodge (like the craftin general) does
not admit women. Current members must sponsor new
members, and the current members of the guild vote on
the admission of new members. If they are accepted,
there isan initiation ceremony where the new members
swear an oath of loyalty to the lodge and agree to keep
its secrets and to render aid and assistance to their
brothers in times of need.
InMarseilles, several dozen craftsmen belong to the
lodge, led by Maitre (Master) Jacques Remillard, an
experienced artisan and askilled leader and scholar. No
vampire isa full member of the lodge, buta few members
have been made ghouls by local Toreador and Nosferatu.

Malrre Jacques REMILLARD

Mortal

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Innovator

Apparent Age: late 40s

The current Revered Master of the Masons of
Marseilles is Jacques Remillard, a master craftsman and
builder for nearly 25 years. Although he is not a man of
great learning, Jacques has educated himself over the
years to become a true scholar of his crafts, its history
and its secrets. His work isa calling to him, as important
as that of any monk or priest, and he has devoted himself
to the concept of a powerful guild with much to offer
members of his trade.

To achieve his goals, Jacques has accepted some
risks. His position has drawn the attention of certain
other scholars with access to information of great inter-
est to the craft. Jacques has become aware that these
emissaries are not mere mortals and that their interests
do not always coincide. For the time being, he meets
with them and allows them access to the lodge in
exchange for what they have to offer. Efforts to draw
him into an alliance with one or the other have been
met with polite evasion, which Jacques knows can't last
forever. He's caught between his fear of dealing with
these devils and of losing what they can offer.


Recently, the matter's been made more complex by

a third party who claims to possess wisdom even the
other two lack, secrets of building dating back to the
pyramids and great monuments of Egypt, wonders of

the

Jur

lo

ancient world.

ES DE TOULOUSE

8th generation Toreador, childe of Elena

Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Celebrant

Embrace: 1109

Apparent Age: 30

Jules de Toulouse finds much of interest in the
of the Masons; he was one himself more than a

lifetime ago. While building a tomb for a nobleman, he
chanced to meet a beautiful lady and fell in love with

her

She granted him the Embrace so they could be

together, although Jules' love cooled like his blood over
time, and they eventually went their own ways. Jules
continued to hold a great interest in building and
studied with some of the greatest Cainite masters and
scholars in Europe.

has

At the bidding of the Grand Court in Paris, Jules
become an emissary to the growing guilds of Masons

and builders in and aroundFrance, and he visits
Marseilles often, to extend the court's influence over

the

guild. He knows full well that the Leper Nicodemus

also has dealings with Maitre Jacques, and the two of

them play a subtle and civil tug of war for control of the
guild.

NicopEMus

9th generation Nosferatu, childe of Henri

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Innovator

Embrace: 1122

Apparent Age: 40 or more

The Nosferatu known as Nicodemus speaks little
about his life before his Embrace, only that he was a
"humble man" made even more so by his unliving
existence. Nicodemus looks aged and shrunken; his age
when he was Embraced is unknown. But it is clear he
was a learned man and that he has continued his studies

SToRY SEEDS

Crusaders returning from the Holy Land
are often contacted by a representative of the
Masons interested in any useful lore they might
have collected while there. Any attempt to sell
such information, ancient texts or the like is
almost sure to reach the lodge's ears and attract
their attention. Moreover, the Toreador and
Nosferatu are likely to try and acquire the
information themselves so they can be the ones
todeliver it into the grateful hands of the lodge.

© The building of a new cathedral is ham-
pered by accidents and poor timing. The
Toreador and Nosferatu suspect each other, of
course, and accusations begin to fly. But the
true culprits are Tremere. The Usurpers have
cursed the construction, partly to set the To-
reador and Nosferatu at each other's throats,
partly to goad the Craftmasonsand stir them up
against wizards, in hopes of directing the Crafters

ainst the mortal Order of Hermes.

© A secret chamber containing a lost arti-
fact (perhaps even the body of a torpid elder) is
hidden ina palace, cathedral or the like, and its
location is lost. However, the Masons may
have record of it in their collection of lore. The
question remains whether they can be con-
vinced to part with the knowledge or ifit can be
stealthy taken from them.

¢ Unknown to either the Toreador or
Nosferatu factions, the Followers of Set are also
interested in the Masons and the power they
represent. A Setite agent works to set the other
clansagainst each other while insinuatinghim-
self into the lodge and gaining control over it.

UNDYING COVENS


with the time allowed him. Architecture is a particular
interest of his, and he shares his insights and knowledge
with certain mortals he favors. In particular, he's inter-
ested in aiding the craftsmen of Marseilles against what
he sees as the encroachment of the Grand Court and
the other "noble" Cainites that squabble over the city.

CULTS OF THE
CLANS

For the most part, Cainite clans are not philosophi-
cally unified. They are fractious blood-families who
share certain proclivities and legendry but nothing
approaching a coherent and organized agenda. There
are some instances, however, where members of a clan
come together based both on blood and belief, in which
they feel their lineage opens up the doors of worship in
ways unavailable to outsiders. The Followers of Set are
the prime example of this, an instance where cult and
clan almost fully overlap, but several other clans have
religious subcultures within them.

THE FOLLOWERS OF LAZARUS

No fixed center of power.

A scattered cult at best, the Lazarites believe in the
wisdom and divinity of the Cappadocian Lazarus and
study the secrets of life and death asa means of emulat-
ing and serving him. Constancia, the Cappadocian
high priestess at Erciyes, considers them heretics for
Lazarus' failure to heed the will of his sire, Cappadocius,
and for their belief in resurrection.

Lazarus was a Jew Embraced into the Cappadocian
clan sometime in the early first century AD. Some believe
he is the Biblical Lazarus, raised from the dead by Christ.
Cult dogma claims that Lazarus was Embraced before
Christ laid his blessing upon him, which raised Lazarus to
anew state of being and gave him untold insights into the
nature of death and resurrection.

Lazarus later settled in Egypt, where he studied the
nature of death, including the funerary rites of the
Egyptians and other cultures. He visited the Great
Library of Alexandria, and it is said that he or his
followers carried away books and scrolls from it before
the library burned. By the fourth century, La:
acknowledged as one of the greatest scholars among the
Cappadocians (then or since).

When Cappadocius called together his childer for
what became known as the Feast of Folly, Lazarus did
not respond to the summons. Cappadocius took the
opportunity to thin the ranks of his clan, entombing
thousands of his childer in the underground depths of
Kaymakli. Lazarus' brothers Caias and Japheth noted

ASHEN CULTS

his absence, and Caias decided to seek out Lazarus and
question him about his failure to appear.

When he found Lazarus, Caias discovered that his
erstwhile brother defied Cappadocius' will and attacked
him for his insolence. Lazarus was sorely wounded, but
he escaped. He began to withdraw from the world,
settling in a Coptic monastery hidden somewhere in
the Holy Land. His agents continued to wander the
land, speaking in their master's name and (rarely)
bringing blindfolded guests to speak with him.

As the centuries passed, Lazarus was seen less and
less, and he became more and more of a legend, even to
his followers. Word among the Cappadocians is that
Lazarus fell to the temptations of Set and became
corrupt before Caias slew (not wounded) him in battle.
Some believe Lazarus has gone into a long torpor, while
a few claim he has achieved Golconda through his
studies and his knowledge. Many of his followers b
lieve Lazarus was chosen by God to show others the way
to this lofty state, but whatever the truth, the
Cappadocian Methuselah remains silent.

RITES AND PRACTICES

The majorrites of the Lazarite cult are focused around
the obsessive study of death and, particularly, the means of
restoring the dead to life (or a semblance of it, at least),
including the Embrace. Followers of Lazarus seek out
ancient texts on medicine, necromancy, funerary rites,
embalming, preservation and so forth. They are also
known to traffic with the restless dead as a means of
learning more about death and the afterlife. The Lazarites
deal often with mortal necromancers, and some have even
joined the ranks of the cult.

Unlike most other Cappadocians, who seek to
unravel the secret mystery of death, the Lazarites are
obsessed with discovering the secret of the resurrection,
as embodied by Christ rising from the dead. They
believe there is a means by which Cainites can tran-
scend their undead state and become reborn into life
again, purified and forgiven by God, perfect in body and
soul. Some of them believe Lazarus has already achieved
this state — or is very close to it.

The Followers of Lazarus are at least nominally Chris-
tian, and most accept that their patron is the Lazarus of the
Bible and that Christ favored him. Most are fervent about
their faith and believe their clan is chosen for a special
destiny, signified by God's favor of Cappadociusand, later,
Lazarus. But the Lazarites now believe that Cappadocius
lost God's favor and that his other childer have fallen from
the true way embodied by Lazarus.

INFLUENCE AND ACTIVITIE
The Lazarites are a small faction within the clan —
and one grown smaller since the Feast of Folly. It has little


ifany influence on the thinking of the clan elders and the
other factions. Most Cappadocians see the Lazarites as
heretics and religious martyrs, followers of a possibly
corrupt patron (if Lazarus still exists at all). Certainly no
Cappadocian who entertains hopes of influence within
the clan would consider joining their ranks.

The only other Cainites the Followers associate with
to any significant degree is the Lamia bloodline. These
vampires sometimes become companions of wandering
Lazarites, aiding in their search for new lore and secrets,
becoming their "muses of death," with their skill in ending
life and seeing death from new perspectives.

Despite accusations that their patron has been
corrupted by the wiles of Set, the Lazarites remain
steadfastly opposed to the Setites, although, in prac-
tice, they prefer to avoid the Serpents' notice as much
as possible, particularly when traveling through the
Holy Land or anywhere in Egypt. The Setites, for their
part, typically have only passing interest in the Lazarites,
although their outcast status does make them some-
what more susceptible to Setite wiles. A Follower of Set
might take the opportunity to acquire information
from a Lazarite, if the opportunity presented itself.

The Lazarites spend most of their time searching
out new information on how to reverse death or, at
least, toadvance the Embrace on to what they see as the
next step of Cainite development, a perfect, living form
raised from undeath. The cultists tend to lead solitary
existences, occasionally gathering to share their knowl-
edge and write it down for safekeeping. Some members
hold out hope that their Cappadocian brothers and
sisters will come to see the error of their ways in time,
but it does not look likely.

Most recently, there has been debate within the
cult regarding contacting the Tremere and offering to
exchange information with them. Although the
Lazarites care little for the opinion of the Cainite lords
of Europe, they also know that openly supporting or
aiding the Tremere could bring the wrath of many
princes down upon their order. Still, the lure of the
Tremere's lore has proven too great, so a limited ex-
change has begun, with the Lazarites carefully hiding
their activities.

MEMBERSHIP

The Lazarite cult is almost entirely made up of
Cappadocian vampires and their mortal followers and
associates. Membership in the cult is mostly a matter of
declaring oneself a member, although many Lazarites
study with a mentor before declaring theirallegiance. The
cultisa haven forsome of the Infitiores, those Cappadocians
who, like Lazarus, ignored their founder's call to the Feast
of Folly and, therefore, escaped possible entombment in
Kaymakli. The cult also sometimes recruits among exist-

ing Cainites, and there are those who find hope of new life
within the ranks of the Lazarites.

Membership is also sometimes passed from sire to
childe, as the sire indoctrinates the childe into the cult,
telling him the "truth" of Lazarus. Not all neonates so
inducted remain with the Followers, but many do. The
Lazarites Embrace rarely, only when they encounter
someone they believe is a worthy student who can add
to their holy search for truth.

The Followers deal with some mortals and even
count them among their number. These mortals mainly
include ghoul servants and companions of the Lazarites
and mortal necromancers who study the same secrets as
the Followers. The Lazarites shun the Giovanni family
and have done so since the two first encountered each
other. The Followers consider the Giovanni untrust-
worthy dabblers who got lucky while the Giovanni
want to know what secrets the Lazarites have uncov-
ered — but for power, not enlightenment.

The cult's membership is scattered across the known
world, but it is most often found in places of learning,
particularly in the Holy Land and Egypt butalso in parts
of Eastern Europe, Iberia and the Italy. Few Followers
are found in Central or Northern Europe, unless some
promising lead brings them there.

ULIANNA TREVANI,
FOLLOWER OF LAZARUS
10th generation Cappadocian, childe of Andel

UNDYIN' JENS


Nature

Demeanor: Fanatic

Embrace: 1141

Apparent Age: late teens

Julianna comes from Genoa, where she was Em-
braced by a Follower of Lazarus who recognized in her
the sharp mind and discerning eye of a true scholar.
Julianna took to the opportunity to study and seized
upon her divine mission to discover the true nature of
death with great zeal. She slipped away from her family
with the aid of a friend and traveled with her sire for a
time before they parted ways and she continued on her
own, with only her trusted friend Ricardo.

Loner

Julianna is far more clever and learned than most
others give her credit for, and hersharp wit (and equally
sharp tongue) can get her in trouble, but she manages
to curb it with Ricardo's help and stay on the good side
of those Cainites she happens to meet. Recently, she
has been charged with the task of bearing messages
between the Lazarites and the Tremere, traveling into
their lands, acquiring scrolls and books from them and
delivering these writings to ships setting sail for the

Holy Land and Egypt
RicARDO RINALDI

Ghoul of Julianna Trevani

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Defender

First Thrall: 1152

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Ricardo Rinaldi's family was close to that of Julianna
Trevani. The two of them grew up almost as cousins,
although Ricardo's feelings for Julianna were not al-
ways those of a brother. As she blossomed into a
beautiful young woman, Ricardo wanted to court her,
but he was intimidated by Julianna's witand cleverness,
and she was obsessed with books and morbid ideas
better suited to an old man than a young girl. Julianna's
parents actually hoped Ricardo would lure her away
from such things, but before he could, Julianna was
Embraced.

News of her death shattered Ricardo's world, and
her appearance at his window filled him with joy and
gratitude. But Julianna was forever changed, not at all
the same girl he knew. Still, Ricardo proclaimed his
love for her and insisted on helping her leave home,
rather than denouncing her or allowing her to be lost to
him again. As the truth dawned on him, he considered
turning back, but he could not leave Julianna's side. By
the time he first shared her blood, Ricardo was com-
pletely devoted to her. Now, only death can make him

ASHEN CULTS

leave her side. He will remain with her forever, if that
is what she wishes.

Ricardo's adoration for his mistress knows no bounds,
although a part of him still mourns for the life he'd
dreamed of, imagining he and Julianna as grandparents or
even great-grandparents of a huge family, rather than
homeless wanderers digging up moldering bones and
ancient scrolls. But at least he and Julianna are together,
forever. Her least kind word or touch still fills him with
longing and gratitude, and Ricardo will protect her from
all harm with his life, ifneed be. If the truth of her mission
is discovered, that may well be necessary

TORY SEEDS
© Other clans (particularly the Tzimisce)
want to cut off any aid coming to the Tremere,
although some Cainite lords are more inter-
ested in discovering who is aiding the Tremere,
in order to use that information to their
advantage. The characters could be sent to
learn more about the comings and goings in
the domain of the Usurpers, allowing them to
learn about the Lazarites and their mission.
Lazarites such as Julianna eloquently plead
their case. They have no interest in the poli-
tics of Europe, they serve a higher cause that
may benefit all Cainites. Do the characters
allow the Lazarites to continue dealing with
the Tremere, expose them or offer them an-
other option? What of the other factions
involved?
¢ A wandering Lazarite who uncovers an
ancient fragment of the Lilith Cycle is at-
tacked not long thereafter, the fragment
stolen. Characters may be prevailed upon to
find it, particularly if others fear what the
thieves might do with the knowledge con-
tained on the fragment.
© The dying ghoul of a Lazarite carries a
arefully drawn map showing a hidden ruin in
the depths of Egypt that may contain untold
necromantic secrets, perhaps even the power
of life and death itself! The Lazarite was set to
meet with others of his order to deliver the
map when he wasslain, and his servant barely
managed to escape with the map. Many fac-
tions are interested in it, including the
Cappadocians and the Setites. Will the char-
acters barter the map to one or the other or try
and follow it themselves


Housk GORATRIX

Centered in Paris, France, with members at Ceoris,
Transylvania and scattered across Europe and the
Levant.

With the recent (as far as Cainite history is con-
cemed) transition of House Tremere from a cabal of magi
toa fully founded clan of vampires, the taste of forbidden
power has gone to the heads of certain members of that
meretricious clan. Strange blood rites, pacts with demons
and allegations of internal treachery plague the Usurpe
from within. Even after the clan joined the ranks of the
undead, its members' penchant for politicking among
themselves remained vital.

Riddled with rivalries, factions, secret societies and
circlesof mystery, the Tremere rotfrom within. One ofthe
most potent members of the clan, Goratrix, plots his own.
coup. Politically exiled to France "to monitor matters
occult," Goratrix seethes with anger. Nightly, he brewshis
own magical formulae, turning the art of Thaumaturgy
from a working of miracles into a black art fueled by
innocent blood. In the nights to come, Goratrix's coven
shall secede from the fledgling Tremere bloodline to make
its own fate. The course of Cainite history will never be
the same.

House Goratrix, like its parent House Tremere, is
devoted to the study of the arcane art of blood magic. And
also like its parent, the house is convinced of the su-
premacy of its founder and leader. Just as many Usurpers
look to Tremere as the source of all their power and
success, the members of House Goratrix give that mantle
to their founder. Was it not Goratrix who created the
masterful alchemy that transformed the first Usurpers into
vampires? Was it not he who created the great chantry of
Ceoris? Was it not he who forged the Rego Magica path
and, through it, all Thaumaturgy? Tremere may have
beenagrand magus once, but he long ago became nothing
more than a politicking leech. Accompanied by his
sycophant Etrius, Tremere murdered the three-eyed devil
Saulot, and that—and only that—is the reason Tremere
callshimselfclan progenitorand master of House Tremere.
Andeven in this, Tremere has proven himself incapable.
Etrius tries to hide the truth, but the clan father is reduced
toa torpid, tortured mess, buried deep in Ceoris. It is
Goratrix who is the font ofunderstandingand thaumaturgic
power, and his house recognizes it.

(Additional information on Goratrix and Clan
Tremere isavailable in House of Tremere, Transylvania
by Night and Libellus Sanguinis II: Keepers of the
Word. The fate of House Goratrix is played out in the
Transylvania Chronicles.)

RITES AND PRACTICES
While the conservative Tremere take baby steps in
their research, the members of House Goratrix ascribe to

the bold methods of their master, methods that have
accomplished much. While House Tremere eschews traf-
fic with demons, human sacrifice and the like — at least
in the open — House Goratrix has no desire to accept
limitations placed on its power by the moralities of others.
Assuch, members of House Goratrix are quite likely to be
among the most powerful Tremere any other Cainitesmay
encounter. Their road to power has had its costs, however,
as most of Goratrix's coven seek magical potency expedi-
ently. Many of them keep poor notes, fail to test their
rituals thoroughly, contaminate their experiments with
outside conditions and generally take the quick-and-dirty
route to magic instead of learning the basics first and
building from them.

A small but growing house, few rites and practices are
universal among the Goratrix Tremere, but those that are
have regular, almost reverent, observation. The most
characteristic is the vincula, aseries of rites that involve the
sharing of ritually prepared blood between members. The
details of the vincula change as a member of the house is
initiated into different levels of the cult, each time getting
metaphorically (andsometimesliterally) closer toGoratrix
himself.

A related branch of research, conducted in secret at
Ceoris and in lesser chantries in the vicinity, studies the
eldritch Tzimisce magic known as Koldunic Sorcery. The
followers of Goratrix have assimilated a few of the mystic
practices of this forbidden art, and the results would likely
horrify any traditional Tremere. Whispers of rituals that
simulate or break blood oaths, distort the natural spirits of
the land and plague victims with the "demons" endemic
tothe Tzimisce's blighted domains occasionally leak forth
from nervous apprentices. Whether or not these tales are
true, orhow efficacious the rituals are outside of the Fiends'
ancestral lands, is as yet unknown, but they certainly
portend ill for any who stand against House Goratrix.

House Goratrix is a mystery cult in the most tradi-
tional sense, a group of searchers seeking enlightenment
from the most learned of all, but it also a true blood cult.
Vitae is not just a means to bind the house together, but
an end in and of itself. Naturally, the blood its members
take can provide House Goratrix with simple sustenance,
but vitae also holds tremendous power for these Tremere,
arguably more so than for other Usurpers. Surely, all
Tremere use vitae to power their thaumaturgies, but so do
other Cainites use blood to enable their Disciplines. For
House Goratrix, blood has become an icon — it is its
salvation, its weapon against the vengeful fangs of enemies
and the faith that sustains its members when they riseeach
night. While the main body of the clan is secular in its
approach, House Goratrix studies its blood magic with
fervor. In the words of Goratrix's protégé Malgorzata,
"Vitae sustains other Cainites. For us, vitae promises
transcendence."

UNDYING COVENS


To this end, Goratrix's small cabal of sorcerers has
attempted to dissect the Tzimisce sorceries and repro-
duce their effects by way of their own Hermetic formulae.
This has yielded a number of effects, the aforemen-
tioned rumors of demonic bindings and the shattering
of the blood oath notwithstanding. The cult has estab-
lished a way to foment multiple blood oaths in a single
subject, which it sometimes tests on Gargoyles and
even a few unsuspecting Tremere who are not a part of
the fledgling faction. Ties that bind the Tzimisce to
their ancestral lands have also been the subject of much
study, and the Goratrix Tremere have created numer-
ous (if flawed) rituals by which they can draw on the
inherent natural magics of the lands in which they
make their haven.

Other experiments have proven to be successes, at
least on the surface. Recently Goratrix developed an
artificial vitae that, while not exceptionally satisfying,
could sustain a Cainite in times when blood runs scarce.
As with many of the house's efforts, though, the for-
mula is imprecise and unreliable. While it serves the
need in most cases, it has a debilitating effect on the
mind of the user when contaminated by exposure.
Some of Virstania's Gargoyles, test subjects for the

ASHEN CULTS

concoction, have changed radically from their docile
selves to ravaging beasts, only to revert to their subser-
vient personalities hours later with no memory of their
enraged state. Goratrix, originally a user of the false
vitae, has since abandoned its use, though he has made
no mention of this curious side effect to anyone other
than Virstania, leaving even Malgorzata uninformed.

Despite the seemingly slow progress of their "ignotus
ritualia," House Goratrix continues to study and gather
members in earnest. With the vitae they take contrib-
uting not only to the physical well-being of its members,
but also to the rites the house studies, this cult has its
foundations in the physical as well as the spiritual,
making its members all the more fervent due to the
double commitment.

INFLUENCE AND Activities

House Goratrix forms the hard, rotten core of the
conspirator faction within Clan Tremere. These Usurp-
ersbelieve in rapid and radical action and were once the
most vocal advocates of Embracing all mortals within
House Tremere. In the lastseveral years, House Tremere
has come under scrutiny from mortal members of the
Order of Hermes, and the point has become moot. Even


the conservatives of the clan have accepted that that
time to Embrace many mortal Tremere and abandon
many others has arrived. Still, Goratrix and his acolytes
retain significant sway within the clan through the
auspices of the radical faction. This influence gives the
housea powerful presence even beyond the Paris chantry
(Goratrix's home), Ceoris and the other chantries with
scattered members. Despite Goratrix pretense, how-
ever, not all of the conspirators with Clan Tremere are
bound to become members of the Goratrix heresy.
Many simply disagree with Etrius's terrible conserva-
tism and wish to enter fully into the vampiric world.
Jervais, the vis master of Ceoris, is one such conspirator
who has no desire to join the heresy against the founder
of the line.

Etrius and his closest allies see this conspiracy — or
heresy — everywhere. Followers of Goratrix suppos-
edly advise in the courts of counts and dukes, jarls and
viziers. They may number among the Curia. In supersti-
tious lands that accept the undead as figures of
importance, some village elders purportedly belong to
House Goratrix. A few isolated Fiends, lords of their
lands, have accepted the presence of the Tremere
(though they don't hate them any less) and might take
on Goratrix-aligned mentors, chamberlains or minis-
ters of the occult. It is whispered that even the oblique
Telyavelic Tremere pagans of Lithuania have sympa-
thizers to Goratrix's policies of empowerment among
their number.

These are only the most credible rumors. Outrageous
tales of House Goratrix establishing a chantry in far-off
Taugast have circulated, as have overblown accounts of
allied cardinals, witch-hunters, kings and generals. The
hysteria knows no bounds, as the festering body of Clan
Tremere grows ever more paranoid about the poison it
knows gathers within yet cannot excise. The Golden
Horde— tool of Goratrix! The Great Khans— comrades
inarms! Clan Assamitesubverted! Clan Ventruedefanged!
The hoary Tzimisce held in thrall! The Inconnu! Caine
himself! No claim is too outlandish to pass from dead lips
to fearful ears. The trembling Tremere seem prepared to
believe anything.

Few members of House Goratrix have any but the
most hostile relations with other clans because they see
the Tremere as besieged by Cainite enemies. While
their brethren are content to exist in nights that may
well be numbered, the goal of House Goratrix's acqui-
sition of magical power is to bulwark the clan against
the depredations of the other undead. In this sense,
House Goratrix is a cult of personality in addition to a
blood cult. The house is enticing because it offers power
for the sole price of loyalty. Although the house is small
at present, it has a very conspiratorial outlook, regard-
ing the main body of Clan Tremere as ill-informed

dupes and the rest of Cainite society as tools to be used
for the house's own ascension. A few silver-tongued
diplomats number among the house's members, and
these are the only ones who show their faces to the
mortal or Cainite world with any but the most fiendish
results. This isn't to say that the sorcerous Goratrix
Tremere don't deal with the outside world. Quite the
contrary. The results and intents of these dealings,
however, rarely have any pleasant motives behind
them. If one of Goratrix's coven steps outside his
sanctum, itis always with selfish intent. Even more than
the single-minded thaumaturges of the main Tremere
line, Goratrix Tremere view the final result of their
work as justification for the methods by which they
achieve it. Indeed, this hauteur leads those few Tremere
who know anything about House Goratrix to underes-
timate it: They see hubris-maddened rogues rather than
the true cunning sorcerers who have rallied under
Goratrix's banner.

MEMBERSHIP

Where Tremere lurk, followers of Goratrix may be
among them. More than a few of Goratrix's acolytes
may be found in the clan's home chantry of Ceoris, such
as Malgorzata (whose own name contains part of
Goratrix's, in tribute). The Mistress of Gargoyles,
Virstania, is also a initiate of the house, but her loyalty
is primarily to her own twisted creations.

In truth, House Goratrix numbers somewhere b
tweenadozenandascore members. Mostare in Paris, with
several in Ceoris and a few part of chantries far from these
locations. Its members largely work in secret, and if it has
allies (outside of those who may be convinced to perform
occasional favors, such as with all Cainites), they are well
hidden. While a given member may be powerful, his
power isonalocal scale. While another member may have
a broad range of influence, that influence is almost surely
checked by other Cainites (such as with the apocryphal
cardinal) or limited by his own desire to avoid attention
(as with Goratrix himself).

GorRATRIX, THE JUDAS

4th generation Tremere, artificial Embrace

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Rogue

Embrace: Early 11th century

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Head of the heresy, discoverer of an elixir that
could transform men into "immortals" and inveterate
agitator, Goratrix advocates complete dominance of
the lesser Tremere. His goal is not so much subjugation
as it is an opportunity to make right the error that came
as a side effect of his potion. Too many of tonight's
Tremere — cowards! — don't wish to tempt fate again.

UNDYING COVENS


Their ignorance blinds them. Why would anyone settle
for an eternity of skulking in shadows, furtively sipping
blood with a wary eye out for those who don't fear them?

True power is not casting paltry blood magics. True
power is causing the world to reflect one's desires,
simply by wishing it so. Cower, then, you weak "vam-
pires"; shudder, while great Goratrix pulls you to the
great destiny you mewl to avoid.

JOHANNES OF WORRINGEN, THE
SCHOLAR OF COLOGNE

9th generation Tremere, childe of Matthias

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: 1113

Apparent Age: late 40s

Unllife often makes one embarrassed for one's breath-
ing days. Johannes was a petty researcher into the
occult, a spoiled brat made wealthy by his father's
money from the Hanse. He wasted this money, buying
forbidden texts, taking trips to consult with wise men,
paying charlatans to host seances and then purchasing
indulgences from the Church after he was tried in a
canonical court for heresy. A lifetime spent pursuing
cheap thrills left him penniless and unmarried.

Then Johannes's sire found him. Matthias, a de-
ranged Tremere conjurer, Embraced Johannes as the
man considered suicide. That was all it took to invigo-

ASHEN CULTS

rate Johannes's sense of purpose — his wasted life had
been a test. The fruitless quest for real magic had only
been a trial of faith. After Matthias introduced him to
his fellows in the coven, the madman left Cologne,
never to be heard from again. Even this last act com-
pounded Johannes's sense of rightness: He was the heir
to Matthias's power.

But power came slowly. His apprenticeship wasn't
spent learning magic, it was spent sweeping this and
transcribing that and scrubbing whatnot and boiling all
of the brine from something or another. How degrad-
ing, not only to be an old man saddled with a boy's
chores, but to have been given forever only to spend it
as manservant to his so-called mistress, a stupid, preten-
tious and ugly slut

The squeaky wheel gets the grease, and Johannes
soon found himself courted by asecret society of Tremere
who felt as he did. Now was the time for action, they
taught. Power best is power used, and power used must
be power learned soon. In exchange for his keeping an
eye on the Cologne chantry — Johannes had been
made librarian; oh, such a grandiose honor for one of his
age and... wisdom — his patrons sent him scrolls and
books with which he could augment his knowledge.
Every year they came, and Johannes devoured them
with a singular mind.

Tonight, House Goratrix knows something of the
happenings at the Cologne chantry. Granted, i'sall been
filtered through the jealous pen ofa peevish old simpleton,
but information is information, nonetheless.

JEAN FURNEAUX, THE PRODIGY

1th generation Tremere, childe of Tania Caboche

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: 1194

Apparent Age: early 20s

Jean is a rarity among the members of House
Goratrix: He was Embraced into the faction, not con-
verted from without. Brought into the clan asan aide to
his sire, Jean believes that his Embrace was an experi-
ment itself. After being instructed in the history of his
coven, he put two and two together and came up with
the idea that his Embrace was intended to be an im-
provement upon the common practice. It all went
wrong, of course, and he's no different than any other
Cainite now, but that's only because the experiment
didn't work.

Jean is right in his suspicions, but not entirely. After
she drained his blood into a cauldron, Jean's sire Tania
used her blood magic to transfer it back into his body. It
shouldn'thave worked—she didn't imbibe the blood and
pass iton tohim by the normal method, nor did she imbibe


itand transfer it from herself into him thaumaturgically.
Tania suspects that by using magic to move the blood from
the cauldron back into Jean's veins, the magic that
traveled through heralso took the essence of the blood
but not its physical component — through her, thereby
making it "vampiric" vitae, having used heras the magical
medium, It was a bold new discovery, but it has yet to be
repeated with any success.

In any event, Jean is a member of House Goratrix
only by dint of Embrace. He doesn't really care for the
precarious faction, but it's better than anything else
thathas come his way since the Embrace, which is to say
nothing, If he found something better, he might take it,
but it would have to offer him something other than
respite from his chores. After all, he is learning to work
miracles, for what that's worth.

The characters' local influences have slowly
been eroding. Aldermen who relaxed the curfew
no longer grant the vampires audiences, mer-
chants who could be convinced to do business
after dark now shutter their windows at the mo-
ment of nightfall, and the town guard hasn't been
so quick to turn away from calls for help. As it
turns out, one of the House Goratrix Tremere has
taken up residence in the characters' city and has
quietly been cultivating their old influences for
her own — as well as those of all the other
Cainites in the city. How will the characters
respond to this? Will they align with her against
the untrustworthy "mainstream" Usurpers? Will
they enlist that untrustworthy Tremere aid to
oust her? How will they bring her down when
they realize she has a continent-wide conspiracy
of sorcerers lending her their aid? Or is her stab at
their personal resources simply a blind for some
other House Goratrix ruse?

© A mysterious visitor offersa powerful Cainite
artifact to the characters in exchange for a few
weeks of quiet, no-questions-asked hospitality
and silence. He provides them with the artifact
and then disappears into the night after his stay.
A week later, the characters are' visited by a
coterie of Tremere who have discerned that he
spent several nights at their haven. Do the char-
acters keep their word, possibly incurring the
wrath of the Tremere? Or do they give up their

Despite the power and profile of expansive and
clan-based cults, they are far outnumbered by the small
and local covens. These clutches of believers and fol-
lowers are each centered on key Cainites and have
regular contact with them. Some of these sects have
absolute mastery of a small area, whereas others snake
their way through Europe like plague-bearing nomads.

CALOMENA'S FORSAKEN

Moves throughout the Balkans

In the dark years prior to thesack of Constantinople
during the Fourth Crusade of 1202 to 1204, the New
Rome was plagued by a vampiric cult known as the
Chosen of Calomena. Scourges of the Cainite race, the

EDS

guest? If they give him up, even if he doesn't
return, perhaps one of his associates will..
© This one takes bit of revision on the part of
the Storyteller, but its epic scale may prove reward-
ing to certain troupes of players. The time is the
mid- to late 11th century, not long after the change
of the Tremere from mortalsinto Cainites. Goratrix
uses his elixir on himself and his fellow leaders of
House Tremere. Thereafter, the Tremere embark
on a pogrom of Clan Salubri, culminating in the
diablerie of Saulot himself, which allows Tremere
to become a member of the Third Generation.
Thereafter, the rest of the Council of Seven hunt
down other Salubri (or, indeed, other elders of any
lan, so long as they're of lower generation than
themselves). The characters can interpose them-
elves between the Tremere as a whole or,
keeping with the spirit of Vampire: The Dark
Ages, asagents of one councilor whosees trouble in
the form of Goratrix and enlists their aid against
him. Set Goratrix's generation at whatever you'd
like, pre-diablerie (perhaps even allowing him mi-
nor "victories" here and there over the characters).
Asthe chronicle goeson, itseems that Goratrix has
amassed moreand more followers underhisbanner,
proving ever more difficult for the characters to
oppose him as he grows in support, generation and
magical power. This story can be an excellent,
centuries-spanning chronicle or an introduction or
parallel plot to the Transylvania Chronicles.

UNDYING COVENS


Chosen believed themselves to be avatars of Caine's
sister who must bring about the destruction of the race
of Caine and were responsible for subverting many
mortals and Cainites (and destroying more than a few
of the latter). The Chosen were led by a Caitiff known
as Stanislav who derived his drive from a belief in the
Bogomil heresy. Stanislav and many of his chosen met
their end in the fires that ravaged Constantinople in
1204, but some escaped. Among those were Basil and
Bayezid Gantenbein, Bosnian brothers, devout Bogomils
and ghouls of Stanislav.

Freed of the blood oath to their master by his
destruction, the brothers realized that their faith had
been corrupted by their domitor. He was a Cainite
a being of physical evil — like all the others. But they
had survived and recovered their will and were con-
vinced todo good again. The siblings have headed back
to the Balkans to preach the Bogomil dualist philoso-
phy and root out Cainites where they slumber by day.
Instead of destroying the slumbering vampires they
find, however, the ghouls drain their victims of blood
— they are veritably the vampires of vampires.

RITES AND PRACTICES

Calomena's Forsaken observe the harsh poverty
upheld by most Bogomils. Basil and Bayezid position
themselves as models of purity, preaching the popular
Bogomil heresy to believers they meet in their tours of
Serbia and the test of the Balkans. Calomena's For-
saken are among the more radical factions of Bogomils;
they believe that the Old Testament is only so much
myth and that Christ himself was not the Son of God
but an angel sent to earth as a manifestation of supreme
good. Calomena's Forsaken resent the Catholic Church
and despise it for the wealth it has gathered, a bitterness
they foster in those who fall in among their ranks. They
harbor similar resentment for the local Orthodox
Church, which they believe does not protect its flock,
as evidenced by the collapse of Constantinople and the
hardships of the Balkan peoples.

Following the brothers is a variably sized contin-
gent of the faithful, who listen to the brothers preach.
For their part, the brothers consider their followers
little more than bait. This theological point has been
brought against them many times by Cainites tricked
into the brothers' captivity — a point which Bayezid
refutes as a matter of dualistic philosophy. As creatures
of good, their methods are above reproach, for what
they do is destroy the undead, who are obviously crea-
ures of evil.

The argument grows murky if Cainites ever learn of
the brothers' nature as ghouls. At this, Basil posits that
by extending their own lives — which they do at the
expense of evil beings — the brothers can continue

ASHEN CULTS

destroying those evil beings for longer than they could
were they not to partake of the Cainites' tainted vitae.
That this only prolongs their time in the physical
(hence evil) world only speaks to the power of their
commitment to good.

Basil and Bayezid are strong in their faith. They are
almost impossible to tempt, though Cainites have tried
in the past and occasionally succeeded with the aid of
their Disciplines. Such treatment is always temporary at
best, though, and when the other brother catches on to
the situation, he scourges his sibling, and the pair exact
their righteous justice. Indeed, the pair still harbors a
deep hatred for numerous Bulgarian Tzimisce witch-
Fiends and the Byzantine Ventrue Anna Comnena
(whom they recently ran into in exile in Nicea) because
of the "temptations of the flesh" these Cainites mysti-
cally worked upon the siblings. As the Bogomil heresy
preaches, the brothers believe that the carnal lusts

engendered by lascivious contact are sinful and evil
Digging deeply into Bayezid's psyche would no doubt

Story SEEDS

® Calomena's Forsaken find themselves
between a rock and a hard place. On one of
their journeys, the brothers attracted the
attention of an churchman en route to
Constantinople, who they have discovered
is pursuing them after attending to his busi
ness in the city. The problem is, the brothers
know that where they currently are is the
domain of a coterie of Cainites — the
players' characters. The siblings ask to be
hidden. The characters now find them-
selves faced with fanatics who would destroy
the vampires if they had the chance, but
can they not redeem themselves through
doing this good deed? Or are the characters
of a conflicting faith, just waiting to turn
the heretics over to the proper canonical
authorities? But if the characters do this,
wouldn't they themselves risk attracting
the Church's attention?

© The characters wake to find a ragged
pilgrims' camp on the horizon. The next
night, the prince goes missing. Over the
course of their investigation, the charac-
ters find that the prince has been staked
and taken prisoner by the cult, ostensibly
to be used by the brothers to feed their need
for vitae. Do the characters help the prince?
Or do they take every advantage of the
opportunity?


reveal more than a small streak of misogyny, though
Basil's is more truly founded in his faith and fear of
contamination by evil.

INFLUENCE AND Activities

By the early 13th century, the Bogomil heresy has
caught on tremendously in the Balkans and much of
Eastern Europe, extending as far as Bulgaria, Walachia,
Dalmatia and Bosnia. While nowhere near as widely
spread as the Orthodox faith practiced by the bulk of
these countries' populations, Bogomilism has taken root.
Naturally, this fact doesn't mean the brothers Gantenbein
wield religious influence over the entirety of Eastern
Europe, but it does mean that, with alittle perseverance,
they can find succor for their small flock. Almost every
city worthy of the name harbors a clutch of Bogomils,
who can put the itinerant pilgrims in touch with some-
one who can aid them if they can't provide it themselves.

The fact that their faith has been proclaimed hereti-
cal significantly limits the brothers in some ways. They
fear persecution and its aftermath, both for themselves
and for their flock. While they aren't above tempting the
Damned with the promise of a quick, anonymous vessel,
they are faithful and would hate to see so many of the

devout meet their ends due to poor planning on their
part. While Cainites would have no love for them if they
learned of the brothers' ways, the undying are hardly the
prime concern when the cult finds itself forced to move:
Religious enemies, as well as governmental enemies
motivated by Orthodox (or even Catholic) allies, stand
against them. Even troublinga lone subsistence farmer on
the path between towns is a risk, for some folk hate the
heretics as fervently as does the Church.

Still, it's worth all the risk for Bayezid and Basil. Their
great cause demands that they consume the prolonging
blood of the childer of Caine, and what better way to
procure it than to bring the Damned to their doom, con-
sumed by their own greed and unholy thirst?

By no means are the brothers expert vampire hunt-
ers. Tending to their flock is their primary concern, and
they try to keep their dealings with the unliving from ever
coming to the attention of their followers. The most
common method for dealing with a vampire is for the
brothers to ask him to discuss a theological issue, whether
in their own rude tent or at the Cainite's residence. Once
there, the brothers attempt to overwhelm the vampire,
staking him so that they may steal his vitae and then
destroying him, leaving only ash in their wake.


Oflate, the pairhave hadan increasingly difficult time
locating and handling their Cainite prey. It seems that
word has passed through the region about vampire hunters
traveling in the company of pilgrims. The cagey Damned,
when they bother to think about it, might even use the
mendicant Bogomils as cover for themselves, were they
ever forced to take to the road. The brothers have consid-
ered staking a Cainite and taking the pinned corpse with
them when they travel, but the logistics of the travel and
of keeping the whole affair secret has proven too difficult
for them to entertain the idea for any length of time.

MEMBERSHIP

While the number of the Gantenbein brothers'
followers changes with the seasons, the people's fear of
persecution and any number of other conditions, Basil
and Bayezid are the only two actually in on the cult's
secrets. The nature of their relationship is one that has
kept the two at a low degree of tension for some time
now, with Basil wanting to bring another in on the
cult's true nature as an extra person to get things done
but Bayezid not trusting anyone to do the job.

Basi GANTENBEIN, THE GOOD SON

Independent ghoul

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Innovator

First Thrall: 1150

Apparent Age: early 20s

Of the two brothers, Basil is the more compassion-
ate, harboring a genuine love for his flock. After all, so
many of them are flawed, but one cannot help but
admire their courage and desire to better themselves,
even if it means their own end. He is pragmatic and
calmand would not hesitate to thinka problem through
if the immediate solution left him with any reserva-
tions. Increasingly, Basil has found himself forced to
rein in his brother. Bayezid flies into fits of rage at times
that scare Basil to watch. Still, despite this, Bayezid is
the more charismatic of the two, and the flock reacts
better to his sermons than they do to Basil's. For now,
Basil is fine with this, preferring to handle matters
behind the scenes and allow Bayezid to rally the faith-
ful. He knows that the true issue is the destruction of
evil elements and that worrying about his acceptance
among the flock is the path of vanity.

BAYEZID GHNTENBEIN,
THE FLAWED CHAMPION
Independent ghoul
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Fanatic

Apparent Age: early 20s

ASHEN CULTS

Satan is active on this Earth, and he sends his minions
wearing the facesof the children of Seth. This belief is the core
of Bayezid's philosophy, and he sees it as his calling to exact a
terrible vengeance — no, justice — upon the souls of the
Damned. He is the more likeable of the brothers, with a way
for words, a ruggedly handsome mien and an aura of determi-
nation. Unbeknownst to his brother, however, Bayezid has
become addicted to the Cainite vitae they steal, which is
behindmany ofhisradical moodswings. Thisreaction isn'tthe
body's physical need for the blood (though both brothers
would likely die were they not to imbibe their monthly
draught); Bayezid psychologically needs the blood. He longs
for it. That's why he grows so impatient — time spent hiding
from the Church or the town guard is time that could be spent
seeking that luscious crimson fluid.

Carnaval Morienpi

Moves throughout France

In the short days of winter, the peasants' toil begins
before the first ray of sun brightens the horizon and ends
long after the cold dark has once again returned. Amid
long hours of brutal work, turning frozen ground and
harvesting bleak bounties of winter crops, those who
toil sometimes have a respite: a holiday, a festival or the
odd tournament hosted by the local count. Once ina
great, long while, the Carnaval Moriendi passes through
a town or village, promising a circus show and a respite
from backbreaking labor.

What it delivers, however, is something entirely
different. The Carnaval Moriendi is nothing so much as
a traveling cult of Cainites. Each member having been
expelled from one prince's domain or another's — and
some driven from multiple cities — the carnival roams
from village to thorp, offering festivity and taking its
compensation in the form of blood.

Some two dozen members strong, the carnival is led
by a trio of enterprising Cainites. Perhaps as many as
five others of the Damned come and goas they will, with
the rest of the troupe made up of communal ghouls and
those sworn to their own undead masters. In the Carnaval
Moriendi's presence, the villages come to life. In its
wake, they are left with tears, sickness and sorrow.

RITES AND PRACTICES

The Carnaval Moriendi promises a circus and, in-
deed, it delivers. With its members' undead strength or, in
the case of the ghouls, with the Cainite blood coursing
through their veins, the performers are some of the hardi-
est on the continent. The circus takes full advantage of
this, with the macabre festival featuringsuch attractionsas
bear-brawling, feats of strength and tests of mettle. These
tests take many forms themselves — sometimes, the
Cainites endure impaling upon metal skewers, while at
other times, the ghouls withstand the strongest village


volunteer breaking wooden planks over their backs. The
carnival also features animal acts, led by Ori, Master of
Flies, and Hrothulf, Lord of Wolves. Even rare and
"mythical" lions have made appearances at the carnival,
terrifying and thrilling the audiences.

Additionally, the circus boasts clowns and mounte-
banks, oddities and faith healers, diabolical barbers and
cunning fortunetellers. As the acts change over the course
of the circus's travels, each member of the troupe may find
herself taking on new roles. She may be the afflicted shill
who lies upon the table as the healer removes tumor after
tumor — actually the livers of chickens — from her pain-
racked body in Vez, while a month later, in Crépy, she
plays the part of the amulet-seller, hawking bone trinkets
and potions thatpurport to strike their victims barren. The
Camaval isa strong supporter of ars moriendi, the portrayal
of death in their art. Dancers have been known to cavort
with troupe members made up as corpses. Clowns may
affect skeletal masks and costumes. Short plays featuring
lepers and plague-bearers are also common, as are puppet
showsin which the marionettes meet grisly ends, complete
with sprayed animal blood and flung bits of gore. The
carnival tours in winter largely because its themes of death
and fatality are more poignant in that cold season.

When all the acts are over, though, and the tents
and rings have been stowed for travel, all of the morbid
joy of the festival comes to an end. The carnival usually
stays fora week or two, putting ona few shows and then,

in the nights that follow, indulge their aberrant pas-

sions. In this time, the troupe slowly reveals its nature
as a blood cult: The Carnaval Moriendi venerates
mortal blood, upholding a dogma that from the life of
mortals springs the unlife eternal of the Damned.

The carnival's blood-rites are as broad and varied as
their circus acts themselves. Ghouls lure unwitting
villagers into secret trysts with the performers, blud-
geoning them to soften the vitae for their masters'
tastes. Others bind their victims in their wagons, cut-
ting them and smearing themselves with the oozing
blood in hopes of feeling the experiences and spiritual
weight of the peasants. The Cainites themselves have
been known to bathe in blood, to drink their prey dry
while fornicating with them and to collect trophies of
their vessels' blood and store them in small vials. For
these vampires, the act of feeding is not so important as
the symbol of the blood itself —a vampire sated by only
the tiniest draught of vitae may exsanguinate her vessel
anyway, cavorting in the crimson fluid to satisfy her
perverse quest for spirituality.

According to the heretical beliefs of members of
the Carnaval Moriendi, vitae comprises two distinct
parts. The material, physical portion of blood is what
fills man's veins and what sates the thirst of Cainites.
From brightest vermilion toa dusky claret, each mortal's

blood takes on the characteristics of her mortal life.
Wealthy, corpulent nobles have a heady blood redolent
with nigh-infinite distinct flavors, while hardy peasants
possess a smoky, thick blood earned from a life of toil.
Many members of the carnival consider themselves
accomplished vitae-philes, identifying and savoring
the tastes of each vessel's precious blood.

Beyond the physical aspect of vitae, members of the
carnival acknowledge a spiritual portion. This compo-
nent is the part of the blood that carries the essence of
a mortal, the vehicle by which the soul sustains the
body. Members of the cult swear that they can tastes
their vessels' individual memories and experiences.
Cainite scholars of the circus bear this out with numer-
ous small proofs, citing such examples as the
consumption of a fellow vampire's soul during diablerie
or the mystic properties of the blood identifiable by the
new Tremere blood magic as proof of their faith.

Neither of these components is inherently good or
evil in the dogma of the cult, which is based not on
Christian belief but on the inscrutable nature of the
Cainite condition. Indeed, members of the carnival
have been known to grow quite hostile at the suggestion
that their interpretation of the properties of blood is
something so base asa simple dualist Christianity. Vitae
knows no faith, they insist, and the blood of the paynim
isas complex as that of the holiest of Popes. In fact, over
the course of the cult's history, it has included members
of non-Christian faiths and marginalized denomina-
tions, such as the Coptic Setite Ral-Beni and the
Muslim philosopher Cainite Yusuf al-Ghazali, who
claimed to have exchanged ideas with the Aristotelian
commentator Averroés.

In its current incarnation, the Carnaval Moriendi
doesn't harbor anyone of such (proclaimed) grandeur or
import. Despite this fact, the cult persists in celebrating
the properties of blood, and a few of the cult's more
knowledgeable members take great pains to lend "scien-
tific" legitimacy, oratleast occult certainty, to the carnival's
faith. A Cappadocian skilled in the fledgling art of
nigrimancy has added a minor bit of understanding to the
group's understanding of vitae, though he is by no means
amaster. Additionally, carnival member Searcy Watteau,
a Tremere, has made the separation of the two distinct
aspects of vitae part of her ongoing thaumaturgic research,
pursuing "the distinction of sanguinary portions" as a
zealous, solitary work in progre:

Once per year, on the winter solstice, the blood
cultists of Carnaval Moriendi take a hiatus from their
performances and spend the night in contemplation of
a fragment of the Book of Nod that one of the troupe's
members managed to acquire. According to the circus's
oral legend, the original founder of the carnival was a
Cappadocian driven out from that clan's temple haven.

UNDYING COVENS


This Graverobber managed to steal a copy of the
esteemed book, and the few tattered pages are all that
remain of his legacy. The current leader of the carnival,
Margot d'Estrées, maintains that the carnival was origi-
nally a legitimate circus, adopted as a traveling haven
by this Cappadocian. He followed the carnival and
enticed members of its audiences into private "conver-
sations" about their beliefs on the nature of transitory
mortal souls. From these inquiries, the Cappadocian
formed the early dogma of the cult, which has grown
into its current form. Carnaval Moriendi reveres the
Nod fragment in deference to that founding Cainite, as
well as the First Vampire.

INFLUENCE AND ACTIVITIES

The carnival itself has little temporal influence —
it is largely self-sufficient, gathering what it needs from
oblivious peasant communities and then moving on
through the night. It is very careful not to visit any
given community too often, lest the horrific wake of its
last performance linger too freshly in anyone's mind.
Carnaval Moriendi stops at a given village only once
every 40 years or so. By that time, the only people who
remember the previous visit are too old, infirm or senile
to attend, and any protestations they may have go
unheeded.

Members of the troupe have been known to steal
infants and children, sometimes for their sweet blood,
sometimes to add to the carnival's ranks. One season
saw Margot abduct an infant from one village, feed
upon it until it died and then leave the cold corpse in
a bassinet in exchange for a fresh child in the next
village. Such adopted children usually grow up as ghouls
and travel with the circus, lending their able bodies and
doting on their domitors. At other times, the circus
entices adults into the troupe, seducing, befriending or
just plain absconding with them. Those who join the
circus less than voluntarily often do so with short
remainders of their lives. Others may follow the carni-
val forever, as is the case with the venerable ghoul
Pagnacci, who claims to have tasted the vitae of the
Cappadocian founder of the cult. Only rarely does
anyone who wishes to part ways with the cult do so on
any terms other than death. Over the years, a few have
left, such as Blind Harriet and the imbecile Turnaud.
Still others have taken their lives rather than face
another night with the carnival.

On the road, the carnival feeds as it can, occasion-
ally using its ghouls for sustenance but more often
preying on cotters, charcoal-burners, would-be brig-
ands and other marauders and renegades. These vessels
rarely receive the same treatment as members of village
audiences — Carnaval Moriendi prefers to consecrate
only the blood of those who have voluntarily brought

HSHEN CULTS

themselves into contact with it. In the words of Ori,
"anything else would be theft, and we're not bandits."

Obviously, more sedentary Cainites tend to take an
immediate dislike toward Carnaval Moriendi. Whether
or not they hold any lofty regard for mortal life, most
Cainites find that the carnival not only taxes their
precious resources of blood, but it excites the kine and
make them unpleasantly wary. Few vampiric princes or
minor lords are willing to believe such a concentration
of Damned is not a threat to their domain. Carnaval
Moriendi expects this sort of unwelcome reception,
however, and usually confines itself to small villages. In
the past, members of the troupe have offended powerful
Cainites and met their Final Death, while others have
slain aggrieved Cainites while defending themselves.
The carnival has also earned the ire of a French Gangrel
who caught them feeding on a subsistence farmer in her
domain. To this night, she pursues the cult, watching
and waiting for her opportunity to exact revenge.

Among religious and scholarly Cainites alike, word of
the Carnaval Moriendi has spread to some degree, and
these cognoscenti rarely have anything pleasant to say
about the cult. Religious vampires consider the cult noth-
ing less than a full-blown heresy, claiming that it asserts
distinctions men and Cainites could not possibly know —
while the Church promotes the concept of the soul, it isa
hotly debated topic (among vampires) whether or not
Cainites remain in possession of theirs. To claim that such
is true is to claim penultimate spiritual knowledge and, in
the words of a Ventrue in the domain of Rome, "A circus
of blood-lusting vagabonds is where we will find our next
apostate, notournext apostle." Secularand studious Cainites
likewise spite the carnival, finding it laughable that a pack
of troubadours has somehow discerned the true nature of
the immortal soul and propagates its philosophy by busking
and enacting morbid plays. Only Searcy Watteau's Usurper
acolytes acknowledge that the cult's teachings have a
certain merit and are worth pursuing, if only to extract
greater mastery of the blood from their findings.

MEMBERSHIP

The troupe that makes up Carnaval Moriendi is
largely informal, with its Cainite members nonetheless
enjoying greater consideration than the motley crew of
ghouls that follows them. The undead members also
defer to Margot d'Estrées, the eldest among them, who
decides when the group will leave a certain settlement
and where they go next.

This informal structure allows the Damned members
of the carnival to come and go as they please. Margot sees
norisk in this— they are all vampires, after all, and giving
up the rest of the group isn't likely to do a dissident any
good, as it has acquired few really powerful and persistent
enemies. She requires no displays of devotion, either,


assuming that ifsomeone merely wants easy blood, he can
find it with less difficulty than by traveling witha carnival
on its own terms. Thus, the cult is not a collection of
fanatical heretics, but rather, a quiet coterie of the elec-
tive devout.

The ghouls, though, are another matter. A ragtag
group of charlatans, outlaws, Basques, pagans and,
well, anyone who can adjust to the duty and the travel,
they acknowledge Margot as their leader, and most
have enough of a sense of self-preservation to acqui-
esce to the unliving members of the troupe. They are
expected to either perform as jongleurs, actors, clowns
ot whatever other roles the circus needs or to deal with
logistics, such as erecting tents and maintaining props.

Marcor b'Estrees, RINGMISTRESS

10th generation Brujah, childe of Sycorax

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Gallant

Embrace: 1113

Apparent Age: early 30s

The life of a peasant had always left Margot want-
ing more, which was not a common characteristic
among common folk, let alone women, and ultimately
proved her undoing. After a turbulent childhood and
loveless marriage, Margot found herself condemned to
death as a sorceress... or was it a heretic? In any event,
the accusation was false, contrived by Margot's hus-

band and validated by the vicar, who, along with the
rest of her village, had grown tired of her cynicism. As
she stood weeping, tied down to the pyre that would be
her end, she felt a rustle in the darkness and heard a
voice in her ear. The witch Sycorax had stumbled upon
the evening's events in her wanderings and planned to
sneak up to the pyre and cut Margot loose, in hopes of
terrifying the crowd as the "sorceress" infernally man-
aged to escape their justice.

Instead, though, Sycorax looked into Margot's eyes
and saw a look of longing tempered with resignation.
Stirred by her bravery, the witch cut Margot free and
fled with her into the darkness. Thereafter, the two
traveled through the French territories, feeding in shad-
ows and lording over the kine who had once held their
fates in their hands. In Orléans, the pair met with a
Ravnos named Euryale, then leading the Carnaval
Moriendi. Euryale stirred a passion in Margot she had
never known in life: love. She bid farewell to Sycorax,
joining the troupe.

Margot learned of the Cappadocian blood-venera-
tion with Euryale as her mentor. She listened raptly as
he told her his own philosophies, and the lovers found
spiritual strength in each other.

It came as quite a shock, then, that one night
Margot rose to find the Ravnos gone. He had left her a
short note, claiming he was sorry but that his faith in the
dogma had been failing. She appeared at a time when he
was at his weakest and briefly rekindled his devotion,
but that, too, had grown cold. He claimed he would
return one night and apologized succinctly but never
even signed the note.

With a heavy sigh, Margot shrugged. Again, she
had been abandoned. This time, however, she had been
left with something — the faith. As she met with the
other Cainites of the carnival that night, she an-
nounced that Euryale had fled and that she would lead
the group until he returned. Thus it has been ever since.

HROTHULE, Lorp oF WotvEs

11th generation Nosferatu, childe of Karl Reglav

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Monster

Embrace: 1154

Apparent Age: a haggard mid-30s

Embraced out ofspite bya berserker in the northern
territories, Hrothulf had never been gregarious but had
always been a showman. In his undead state, he contin-
ues in that idiom, performing in his beastmaster's role
with gusto and passion. As the ringmaster of animal
acts, Hrothulf takes great delight in shocking his audi-
ences. His favorite ploy, from which he takes his name,
is to summon wolves to the circus tent, calling them to

UNDYING COVENS


attend him by venturing down the aisles and through
the seats, walking right past the assembled villagers. He
also enjoys conjuring a horde of rats, thus turning the
carnival floor into a thick carpet of chittering vermin.

Beneath all his theatrics, however, Hrothulf un-

derstands what he has become. He knows that he
truly Damned as a childe of Caine. In his own way, he
sees himself as warning the kine about his kind — those
whom he terrifies or kills are the precious few who pay
the price of knowledge for the many. The more people
who see the Carnaval Moriendi, the more people can
warn others about it and the vampires the world is host
to. With any hope, Hrothulf maintains, these people
will look over their shoulders when night falls and not
succumb to the wiles of other Cainites.

Ort, MASTER OF FLIES

10th generation Ravnos, childe of Egrotatio the

Wanderer
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Gallant
Embrace: 1182
Apparent Age: mid-teens

ASHEN CULTS

Had the Embrace never come to him, Ori would
have become a rural farmer in northern Italy. In that
sense, he believes that he has been liberated from a
meaningless life of constant labor. His sire took the boy
under the dominion of the night for his own reasons,
suggesting that, after following him for a while and
learning the ways of the Damned, he strike out on his
own. Ori took this to heart, bidding his sire farewell as
the Carnaval Moriendi happened to pass through a
town where they had briefly been making their havens,

Ori is as showy as Hrothulf and provides an excel-
lent counterpart to his fellow with regard to animal acts.
Ori's "beasts," however, are not the animals festival
audiences are used to seeing. He favors calling upon
flies, bees, wasps and even common ants, beckoning
thousands upon thousands of them to attend him and
turn the air intoacloud of stinging life. He and Hrothulf
sometimes even play off each other, with Ori summon-
ing flies and Hrothulf invoking scores of hungry bats to
eat them out of the very air.

Of late, Ori has grown bored of playing to the
Canaille. He is very vocal about wanting to "entertain"
ahigher class of people, in his words, "to feel how much
grander their blood." Childish and bitter at times, Ori
is probably the most likely to leave the carnival behind
but not before he convinces the troupe, if only once, to
take their act to the count's courtyard.


Searcy WATTEAG, .
ALCHEMIST OF THE SOUL

1 [thgeneration Tremere, childe of Berdrand Ostek

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Innovator

Embrace: 1152

Apparent Age: early 40s

Searcy had been her village's resident herbalist and
supposed witch for over a decade before coming to the
attention of a traveling Tremere who Embraced her. She
had a knack for ingredients, knowing just which pulped
roots to blend to soothe an aching back, which leaves to
apply toa burn poultice and, some say, which herbs to brew
intoateathatwouldstrike the drinkerbarren. The Cainite
who would be Searcy's sire made her acquaintance while
passing through the village and asking her for hospitality
for the next day. A few of Searcy's erstwhile neighbors say
she knew what she was getting into when she invited the
lone stranger in. In truth, though, she had no idea. She let
her guest sleep the day away, however, only to be repaid
with damnation when he rose the next night. To this
night, Bertrand maintains that he did it because he had a
dream that instructed him to Embrace her.

Searcy had no interest in her sire's dream-prophe-
cies, though, and the two quickly grew estranged. She
eschewed traditional Tremere learning, finding the
practice weird and occult in the wake of her more
naturalistic and herbal skills. Only reluctantly did she
leam the Rego Vitae. When she finally did, it intrigued

her, much to her surprise. It seemed that blood was no
different from any of the other humors found in nature
— while she once brewed soothing drinks from certain
herbs, Searcy learned that she could make similar
concoctions with her sole sustenance of blood.

When the Camaval Moriendi passed through her

town, she spoke with its Cainites and leamed of theirown

perceptionsof vitae. Intrigued by the groups philosophical
take on her own physical studies, she joined the troupe,
hoping that they could help one another come to greater
comprehension of their common mystery.

Searcy acts as a herbalist and fortuneteller for the
troupe, creating semi-functional potions and conduct-
ing utterly false readings for circus-goers. When not
involved with the act, she tends to isolate herself,
focusing on her blood-alchemy or speaking with the
resident witch or wise-woman in whatever town the
circus has visited. She occasionally compares notes
with the Cappadocian Simon, but she feels the two of
them are working in different directions.

Simon RIGAUD, THE SPIRITICIAN
10th generation Cappadocian, childeofRaymondeRoussel
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embrace: 1116
Apparent Age: early 30s

Prior to his Embrace, Simon pulled a cart upon
which Parisians would place the corpses of those who
had succumbed to plague. He was.a curious sight, a hale
and hearty man, wrapped tightly in dirty rags to keep
away the stench of the bloating, pustulated riders on his
cart. His sire Embraced him after the two had enjoyed
a long commercial relationship. Simon would supply
his sire-to-be with the freshly dead, and Raymonde
would ply the carter with coin. After Raymonde no-
ticed that Simon seemed to be taking ill —no doubt the
result of his occupation — he Embraced the carter in
order to keep himself in fresh material.

In exchange for bodies once he had become a
Cainite, Simon learned the fledgling art of whisper-
ing to the shades of the dead from Raymonde and his
sire's own mentor, a mysterious Italian. While
Raymonde and his mentor discussed the finer points
of their spirit-magic, Simon listened to what bits he
could and gathered the night's bounty.

Simon is simple enough that he never required any
more than this; he would have been content to study at
the master's feet so long as his needs were met. When
Raymonde began exchanging letters with the leader of
atraveling band of performers that the nameless Italian
vampire had mentioned, he found himself intrigued. Of
course, Raymonde had no desire to leave his own
haven, but his childe was of the perfect temperament to
listen to what these performers had to say and, if it was
worth anything, record it and send it back to him.

Thus, Simon found himselfattached to the Carnaval
Moriendi. He travels with the circus, dutifully compil-
ing necromantic research and sending it to his sire.
Simon maintains a crude library of these letters for his
own sake and that of the carnival as well — a leather-
bound journal filled with page after page of coarse
illustration and barely literate observations can be
found among his belongings. By no means insightful,
Simon is a workmanlike necromancer, rarely able to
sense the greater significance of discoveries he makes.
Ofcourse, this doesn't matter to him; it's his sire's job to
make heads or tails of it. As always, he's just doing his
own small duty.

THe DRowNED MONASTERY

The Rhineland, Germany
Inthe lowlands of the Rhine Valley, there liesa lake
called Tétten. Rising up from the midst of the small lake
is the Drowned Monastery, a place cursed by God and
now a stronghold of the Adversary and his servants.
Once the monastery was a holy place, tended by
Benedictine monks. The prior of the house was Brother
Heinrich, a most pious and holy man. But Heinrich
suffered from a single sin, and that was the sin of pride.
He was aware of his own holiness and proud of his
service to God and His house. Heinrich chanced to

UNDYING COVENS


ORY

© The ghoul Pagnacci, older than any of the
carnival's other members, Cainite ot otherwise,
has grown tired of the road and wishes to retire.
This happens in the coterie's domain, and he
offers to swear fealty to one of the characters (if
theyarenobles) or otherwise become theirthrall.
The Carnaval Moriendi takes issue; Pagnacci
knows too much about the carnival to just leave
behind. The performers may choose to kill him
in the night (in his new master's haven...) or
forcibly return him to the fold, depending on
how his new master reacts to their demands.
© Margor's lover Euryale returns but not to
assume his erstwhile role of leader. In his ab-
sence from the carnival, Euryale has found :
place for himself in the Church, using his own
knowledge of the Cainite condition to hunt
vampires. His current guise is that of a mendi-
ant priest, a wandering witch-hunter walkinga
solitary path of reckoning. For years, the Ravnc
kept an eye on the cult, assisted by his childe
Ori (whom he Embraced under an alias, obvi-
ously), and Euryale wishes now to tight what he
old wrongs for the purposes of penance. If
he exposes himself openly to the carnival, what
follows is ugly indeed, as Margot feels spurned

and reluctant to acquiesce to her former
paramout's destructive new desires. This story
seed can work as a one-shot, with players takin;

become the confessor to Lukas, a young novice of the
house. One day, Lukas confessed to Brother Heinrich
the most incredible tale. He begged the prior to help
him, since Brother Heinrich was a most holy man and
Lukas's soul was in grave need of salvation. Heinrich
listened as Lukas told a tale of being seduced by a dark-
clad stranger. This man taught Lukas that sin, not piety,
was the road to salvation and inducted him into a cult
that practiced debaucheries such as the young man had
never known, He described them all in lurid detail, and
Brother Heinrich found his breath quickening in his
dark confessional, his heart pounding from Lukas's tale.
Again, the novice begged for Brother Heinrich's aid,
and his request appealed to the monk's pride. Surely
God had brought Lukas to the prior so he could save the
young man's soul and cast out this terrible evil!

But instead, Heinrich was seduced by Lukas's wiles,
for the young man was not penitent at all, nor was he a
mere initiate of this cult, but its master. Lukas seduced
Heinrich with his tales of sin and debauchery, with his
angelic face and his seeming repentance, until the prior

ASHEN CULTS

DS

the roles of the v:
the carnival or assuming the roles of ghouls and
actingas go-betweens in addition to their perfor-
mance duties. The story seed can also work with
the players' characters not being associated with
the carnival at all but, rather, residents of a city
to which the troupe arrives and proceeds to tear
itself apart in a torrent of (others') blood.

¢ With a close coterie of only a few Cainites,
it'sdifficult tosupport the vitaeneeds ofalmost two
dozen ghouls. While Carnaval Moriendi visits the
characters' haven town, Margot asks the charac-
ters for a deal — in exchange for leaving the
citizens be, would the characters provide for a few
ghouls? The characters obviously have the lever-
age of commodity, but the carnival could literally
turn the town upside down in a blood orgy. If the
characters do agree to help, who's to say Margot
keeps her word? Or Ori for that matter (especially
if he's feeling truculent)?

© Of course, unscrupulous, heretical or just
opportunistic Cainites could join Carnaval:
Moriendi, whose nomadic travels would provide
no end of story hooks. But can the carnival
sustain so many vampires without attracting
prohibitive attention? The cult already has en-
emies among the religious and intellectual
societies of France — could it survive the ope
enmity of the Cainite community as well?

was his willing slave. When the abbot of the monastery
fell illand died, Brother Heinrich was chosen to replace
the man, although there were whispers about the un-
seemly amount of attention the monk lavished on a
novice of the house. Heinrich spread Lukas's corruption
tohis brothers, bringing to them the heresy that sin w:
the true path to God. The new abbot confused their
faith with his sermons and tests, tainted their commun
ion with Lukas' vitae and then tempted them with all
the pleasures and sins of the flesh until even the most
faithful among them succumbed

Almost 40 years ago, a party of nuns traveling
through the valley had the poor fortune to come to the
abbey seeking shelter. What they found instead was a
bastion of Hell on Earth, where they suffered unimag-
inable torments at the hands of Lukas and his followers.
Though they cried for mercy and prayed for deliver-
ance, there was no hope for them, and they each
welcomed death when it came.

But perhaps God heard their prayers, for that spring,
the river flooded as never before, and a deluge poured into


the valley where the monastery lay. It scrubbed the stones
clean and killed most of the monks, washing their corpses
up on the shore and creating Lake Tatten, the lake of
death. The flooded monastery sitting in the midst of the
new lake was abandoned and, although there were tales,
few wondered about the fate of its abbot.

RITES AND PRACTICES

Unknown to the folk in the surrounding area, the
Drowned Monastery is still inhabited, though by in-
creasingly fewer of the living and more of the dead.
Lukas escaped the ravages of the flood with the aid of

his loyal Heinrich and some other followers. They
allowed the world to believe they were drowned, rather
than risk having their sins exposed. The few folk who
reach the monastery by boat never leave, adding to tales
that the place is haunted and better left alone.

This beliefsuits Lukas well, since it creates a haven
where he can lead his diabolical followers in their
worship and rites. A follower of the Road of the Devil,
Lukas truly believes that debauchery and indulgence
are a means to enlightenment and teaches this philoso-
phy to his followers. The cult has become increasingly
depraved over the years, cut off from the outside world
and forced to become bandits to acquire the goods they

need to survive. They abduct people into the cult or
tempt them with the pleasures the cult has to offer.

The cult continues much like a monastery, with
Lukas as the abbot and Heinrich as his prior and right
hand. But the devotions of the monks and nuns consist
of discovering new depths of depravity and sin under
the watchful eye of their master. Communion is laced
with Lukas's blood, and most members of the cult are
under blood oath to him. The cult keeps prisoners in the
partly flooded lower areas of the monastery for torture
and amusement until they are no longer of any use and
Lukas drinks them dry.

ery few months, a raiding party (often led by

Heinrich or even Lukas himself) leaves the monastery
to rob and kidnap travelers. When successful, these
raids end in a debauched Mass and a terrible orgy, with
the surviving victims kept prisoner until they envy the
dead. Thus far, no one has escaped from the monastery
alive, although the activities of the bandits increasingly
concern the authorities.

INFLUENCE AND A\CTIVITIES

The Drowned Monastery is the cult's stronghold
and Lukas' haven from the outside world. It originally
consisted of four levels (including its cellars), but only
the uppermost two are of any real use now. The cellars


are completely underwater, while the courtyard, clois-
ters and first level are under about three feet of water
(the monastery having been located ona low hill when
the area around it flooded). The first level is mostly used
as a dungeon, where prisoners are kept chained to the
walls, waist-deep in the cold and fetid water. The
skeletons of a few unfortunates who died still hang in
places. The flooded courtyard holds a few boats the
monks have acquired over the years.

The second floor of the building holds the quarters
of the members of the cult and the chamber they have
converted into a blasphemous chapel where they con-
duct their rites. They store what goods they have here
and are always eager to acquire more. The treasury of
the monastery has helped to buy things, along with the
goods stolen from victims of their raids. The uppermost
floor holds the chambers of Prior Heinrich and Master
Lukas, including a stone sarcophagus moved there by
his followers for him to rest in during the day.

Though Lukas' power is supreme within the abbey
walls, itis considerably less so outside of them. Heinrich
has chosen some outsiders to visit the Drowned Mon-
astery and join the cult in its worship, and these souls
are beholden to the cult and willing to do whatever is
necessary to keep their secret. But Lukas moves cau-
tiously to avoid being discovered, particularly by the
Church, which has grown more vigilant of late.

Most recently, Lukas has set his sights on expand-
ing his influence and corrupting other monasteries and
clergy. Toward that end, he wants to indoctrinate
novices into his cult, then send them to other houses
when he can be assured of their loyalty and ability to
choose likely victims for conversion. The potential
converts can either be brought back willingly or led to
investigate Lukas's sins as Heinrich was, drawn into
learning the cult's rites as a means of destroying them
but, ultimately, being corrupted by them.

This game is a dangerous one, since each step risks
exposure of the secrets of the Drowned Monastery, but
Lukas has little choice. Almost 90 years ago, Lukas
pledged to corrupt 100 innocent souls within 100 years
in the service ofa demon of the Pit. Lukas has corrupted
many over the years since, but he's still more than a
score short of his goal, with only a few years left to him
before his patron calls his debt due. So Lukas' corrupt
seeds will soon be scattered, searching for virgin soil in
which they can root and grow.

MEMBERSHIP

In addition to Master Lukas and Prior Heinrich,
the cult of the Drowned Monastery includes some 20
devoted followers, roughly a third of them Lukas's
ghouls (including Heinrich). Some favored women are
members of the cult, since Lukas is interested in his
followers being able to tempt men with their wiles and

not all men are as interested in a handsome boy as
Heinrich was. New members are added slowly, to avoid
suspicion, but the cult has had over a dozen guests at its
rites in recent years, who have enjoyed the cult's hospi-
tality and can be depended on to keep their mouths shut
and perform the occasional favor when asked.

During the daytime, Heinrich is in charge of the
monastery and sees to it that everything is under control.
He takes great pleasure in disciplining those who step out
of line, so much so that few ever do. The daily work of the
house involves maintaining the crumbling monastery,
preparing food, handling the spoils from the cult's raids
and undertaking whatever occasional dark diversions
Heinrich allows the faithful. The cultists also spend time
in worship to their infernal masters. Heinrich has become
an eager student of the occult, seeking out and acquiring
rare manuscripts and the like when he can.

At night, the cultists receive communion from
their abbot in the form of wine laced with blood and
perform other rites to honor the powers of Hell. They
sometimes leave the monastery under the cover of
darkness to rob and raid or to travel on the cult's
business elsewhere, although Lukas doesn't like for his
followers to leave the monastery for too long.

Laxas, ApBot oF TOTTEN

9th generation Nosferatu, childe of Sigmund the Leper

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Child (sometimes Penitent)

Embrace: 1121

Apparent Age: mid-teens

To most, Lukas could be mistaken fora choirboy or
young novice of a holy order. His innocent appearance
belies the cunning monster that dwells beneath, the
monster who systematically corrupted a house of God in
the name of Hell. Even now, he keeps mortals in thrall,
teaching them the ways of pain and sin, partly as a way
of proving to himself that there are no truly virtuous
men in the world, only those who have not yet been
corrupted.

Asa mortal lad, Lukas was proud of his fine beauty
and unblemished skin — rare indeed for a peasant boy
— and reveled in casual seductions and coquettish
behavior. Reveled, that is, until he teased a leper
shuffling across the road at night, only to find the
wretch to be a monster of nightmare. Sigmund the
Leper drained the child dry, fed him a clot of his vitae
and left him to suffer. That first terrible night tore at
Lukas's soul and flesh — pustules burst on his beautiful
face, mold and raw patches claimed his glistening hair,
black rot took his teeth.

For a full year, the childe scampered through the
woods like the vermin he had become. Fear and disgust
were poor replacements for lust, and Lukas despaired.


He would do anything for a restoration of his beauty,
anything at all.

Far below, something heard his plea.

Lukas gladly struck a fool's bargain and thrilled to
see his beauty restored. Soon, he was seducing better
than he ever had before. The next 90 odd years were a
pleasure indeed, but now, the deadline is fast approach-
ing, and Lukas is terrified his terrible mien will be
restored and made worse still. He is not even sure how
that could be possible, but he has seen enough not to
doubt the powers of his infernal master.

BROTHER HEINRICH, PRIOR OF TOTTEN

Ghoul of Lukas

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Tyrant

First Thrall: 1162

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Heinrich was a godly man once. He loved Christ
with all his heart and felt the call to His service as a
young man. Heinrich excelled in the cloister, with a
sharp mind and a willingness to obey his teachers. He
wasa model novice and took his vows with the blessings
of his mentors, who expected great things from him.
And Heinrich did rise through the ranks of the
Benedictine order, eventually becoming the prior of his
house. But he climbed no further, partly because he was
so good as his job of maintaining the order of the house
and partly because he lacked humility and sympathy.
His righteousness was a bit too pure, too brittle

Heinrich wasn't even consciously aware of his
attraction to Lukas — or how such fancies had driven
him to take the cowl. He'd long since buried all such
feelings, or so he thought. But he was drawn to the boy's
innocence and, more importantly, to the lad's need.
Lukas wasa soul in want of salvation, so Heinrich would
bring it to him, and Lukas would be so very grateful. But
in entering Lukas's world, Heinrich fell into a pit from
which he would never emerge. Now Lukas is his lord
and master and Heinrich the loyal servant, as efficient
in running his house as ever and ready to carry out his
master's bidding.

To Heinrich, Lukas is a kind of angel who has
opened the prior's eyes and shown him the truth of the
world, shown him his true self. He believes the path of
sin is the only true way and that all others are deluded
He has been a ghoul for decades and is thoroughly
addicted to Lukas's blood and his presence. A small part
of Heinrich cringes in self-loathing at his existence, but
he vents such feelings in the tortures he carries out in his
master's name.

ORY S

© The depredations of the bandits in the
river valley have increased, making travele:
nervous and interfering with trade. The mor-
tal authorities are under increasing pressure to
deal with the problem, even the local Cainite
lords are becoming concerned.

¢ A holy relic is stolen from a nearby
abbey, raising a furor as authorities search for
the thieves and an even worse tumult when
the reliquary is found, open and desecrated. It
turns out the thief is one of the abbey's own
brothers, who may reveal his involvement
with the Drowned Monastery under torture
(or interrogation using Disciplines such as
Presence). The diabolists decide to eliminate
him to cover their tracks, making his death
look like a remorseful suicide.

¢ A retainer of one of the characters is
captured by bandits and vanishes into the
Drowned Monastery. If the Nosferatu finds
out the retainer's loyalties, Lukas may use the
servant to lure the character (and possibly his
coterie) to the monastery, tempting them to
join him and trying to destroy them if they
refuse. Alternately, he might condition the
retainer asa catspaw and release him so he can

former master into a trap.

UNDYING COVENS



Pi hopter Chee:
Pulling the
Strings

order if sone lef my voill ce
place ceasoned judgement


The subtle manipulations and schemes of the
Damned can easily form the basis for a Dark Ages
chronicle. This chapter provides players and Storytell-
erswith dramatic systems for handling such interaction,
from the seduction of a single mortal to the creation of
cults that span nations and generations. As with all
such systems in Vampire: The Dark Ages, the ones in
these pages are only guidelines and suggestions; use
them or not, as you see fit.

Cautr CREATION

Players and Storytellers creating new cults for their
Dark Ages chronicles should read through the rest of
this book to get a feel for how and why Cainites create
cults and what they use them for, then read through the
questions and answers below for additional guidelines.

Some Storytellers may prefer to handle the cre-
ation and maintenance of a cult simply through
roleplaying and a few appropriate Trait rolls. This
section also presents an optional system for quantifying
cults in game terms, for those interested in a more
defined way of creating cults within the game. It is
particularly aimed at players interested in having their
characters control a cult from the start of a chronicle,
rather than creating one in play.

QUESTIONS HND AANSWERS

In creating a cult (either as a player or Storyteller)
there are a number of different things to consider. A
look through Chapter One shows the many different
elements of vampiric cults. The following isa checklist
of some major things to consider when creating a cult
for inclusion ina Vampire: The Dark Ages chronicle.

¢ What is the cult's purpose?

The most basic thing to consider when creating a
cult is why it exists in the first place. Building and
maintaining a cult is an involved process, so Cainites
rarely do it on a whim. What is the agenda of the
founder(s) of the cult and how does the cult aid in
fulfilling that agenda? For example, acult might exist to
provide a vampire with a ready source of blood, while
concealing her feeding habits from the local commu-
nity, or it might exist for a purpose as sublime as offering
salvation to mortal and Cainite souls through esoteric
religious rites. Note that the cult's apparent purpose (or
the one its followers know of) and its true purpose may
not be oneand the same. Ashen cultsare often not what
they appear to be on the surface.

¢ What are the cult's precepts?

Whaat beliefs does the cult espouse? Belonging to a
heretical sect of any sort is a dangerous thing in the Dark
Medieval world, soa cult must have beliefs thatits followers
feel are important enough to risk their well-being. A cult's

ASHEN CULTS

precepts are often (but not always) strongly related to its
purpose. They can be quite simple, such as "Dionysus is a
true god and rewards those who worship him faithfully" or
as complex as you care to make them.

Try and come up with some simple statements of
what the cult believes, and consider why it believes
those things. For example, a cult might believe in a
pagan god because its Cainite leader claims to be the
god's priest (or the god himself) and uses his vampiric
abilities as proof of divine power. Of course, not all
beliefs have a rational basis, and religious fervor might
simply be a part of the cult, but determining what the
cult believes helps you to know how the cult will act
(and react) as a whole to events in the chronicle.

* Does your vampire believe in the cult's precepts?

As mentioned above, Cainites often create a cult
for one apparent purpose while having another in mind.
Some vampire cult-leaders believe wholeheartedly in
their cult's precepts and gather followers in order to
spread their truth and insight. Others cynically adopt
whatever beliefs and trappings are most likely to im-
press and convince the herd, allowing them to direct
the cult toward their own ends.

Some even fall in the middle, believing in what the
cult stands for but aware that not everything the cult
claims is true, simply necessary because the lower ranks

or the uninitiated cannot truly understand the inner
mysteries. They need simple explanations "for their

own good." For example, a vampire may believe thatshe
carries the gift of God in her vitae, but she conceals her
need to feed on blood because she knows that her pious
followers would not fully understand that aspect of her
divine nature.

© What does the cult offer its members?

In addition to what the cult's leader wants from it,
consider what the cult's followers expect to gain. What
does the cult offer them that the Church, a craft guild
or conventional orders of knighthood do not? Why do
the cult's members choose to join it, and why do they
stay? As Chapter One shows, there are many needs a
sect can fill, although few cults manage to fulfill all of
them. What needs does the cult aim at fulfilling, and
what sort of people does this attract to it?

* How large is the cult?

How many members does the cult have? It may be
as few as a handful to thousands of people scattered
across Europe. Generally speaking, the larger the cult,
the more likely it is to begin taking on a life of its own,
becoming an entity distinct from its leadership and,
therefore, more likely to survive a change in leadership.
Large cults tend to carry greater influence, but they're
also more difficult to control and more subject to things
such as schisms and rebellion from within. Small cults


are easier to conceal and easier for a single leader or
small group to control directly. A large cult also implies
one that offers something a great many people want
(andare willing to risk to obtain), whileasmall cultcan
be more specialized and may lack such broad appeal (or
may simply not have been around long enough to
garner it).

¢ What sort of influence does the cult have?

Every cult has influence, at least over its members,
but how much influence does the cult have over its
members and in society as a whole? Are the cult's
followers fanatically loyal and willing to give even their
lives in the name of the cult's cause, or are they more
pragmatic about their involvement? If the cult does
engender fierce loyalty, then how? It may be a matter of
excellent leadership, personal charisma, the blood oath,
the use of Disciplines such as Dominate and Presence,
religious fervor, patriotism or some combination of all
of the above. If the cultists aren't fanatically loyal (and
most probably aren't), how far are they willing to go for
the cult's cause?

A cult's members may also exert influence outside
of its ranks. For example, a heretical cult that counts
certain high-ranking clergymen among its number has
some measure of influence within the Church, while a
cult of tradesmen may influence others of their trade
and a cult of courtly ladies may influence their fathers,
sons, brothers and husbands at court. In what areas does
the cult exert influence, and how much influence does
it have? Oftentimes a cult's outside influence is limited
by its need for secrecy; pressing too hard may raise
suspicions leading back to the cult.

* What are the cult's material resources?

Closely related to influence in the Dark Medieval
world is the matter of the cult's material resources. What
lands and goods does the cult own (or at least control)?
Are members expected to turn over some or all of their
wealth and property to the cult, ordo they keep ownership
of it (perhaps with the cult occasionally borrowing from its
members when needed)? Does the culthave any means of
income, such as farmland, game lands (for hunting) or
even quarries or mines? A cult may mix and match
resources: owning land in various places, exacting a tithe
from its members and maintaining a treasury of its own.
(much like the Church does).

Also consider how much of the cult's resources are
"tied up" in serving the needs of its members. For
example, a cult might own an abbey in an isolated area
and much of the surrounding land, with its members
expected to farm the land to support the cult and their
own needs. Although the cult's daily needs are met, it
may not have a great deal of wealth for other matters.

* How is the cult's secrecy maintained?

Cults must hide from nearly everyone, from the
Church and the nobility (both of whom see heresies as
threats to their authority) to other covens and Cainites
that might exist at cross-purposes to the cult. How does
the cult maintain its secrecy? Certainly, the risk of
excommunication and execution are great motivators,
but what techniques do cult members use? Are there
secret signs, ciphers, handshakes and symbols used to
recognize other cult members? Are messages passed on
using a sort of code or through a cell network, where
each member knows only one or two others (and thus
cannot betray the entire organization)? Perhaps the
members wear masks or hoods to conceal their identi-
ties at gatherings and meet only in isolated, out of the
way places where they're unlikely to be happened upon.

Some cults isolate themselves as much as possible
from the outside world, while others try to hide in plain
sight, relying on the security and influence provided by
their members to keep the cults' activities hidden.
Certainly, having a cultist able to offer a chapel rectory
or rarely used chamber of a castle for the cult's meeting
place can be quite useful.

* How is the cult organized?

Does the cult have a hierarchy and, if so, how many
levels are there to it? Are the leaders of the cult
considered "the first among equals," or are they (more
likely) set above the other members? A cult may have
as few as two ranks (its leaders and their followers) or
many, with a supreme leader or leader, many offices,
sub-leaders, lieutenants and so forth. Cult hierarchies
are often organized along the feudal model of the Dark
Medieval age, with lower-ranked members owing fealty
to their superiors, who owe fealty to their superiors and
so forth. A structure similar to the Church is also
common, with laypersons, deacons, priests, bishops,
cardinals and, perhaps, even a pope.

* Are the cult's members mortals, vampires or both?

Some ashen cults are made up of mortals, led by one
or more Cainites, while other cults are entirely made up
of vampires or a mix of mortals and the undead. Ifa cult
excludes one or the other, then why? Perhaps the cult's
leaders do want the competition, or perhaps, the cult's
percepts only include particular followers. The cult may
be aimed toward goals only vampires seek (such as
Golconda), or it may have different ranks, with the
"inner circle" made up of Cainites and the outer ranks
made up of mortals awaiting to be Embraced when they
are judged worthy (and, perhaps, death if they are not).

There's also the matter of ghouls to be considered.
Do the Cainite leaders of the cult create ghouls among
their mortal followers? Are there any restrictions on

PULLING THE STRINGS


making ghouls, such as only so many to each vampire
(to ensure that no one controls too many followers) or
are the limits up to each individual? Are ghouls ac-
corded any special status within the cult? Are they
considered an "intermediate" step between mortality
and the Embrace? Orare they actually considered lower
ranked than the cult's merely human members, treated
as the vampires' slaves or "hounds"?

© How are members recruited and initiated?

Chapter One discuses many ideas on cults seeking
out and initiating members. Consider which of these
methods best suit the cult, which ones it uses and which
‘ones it does not and why. Do the cultists recruit new
members, or is that work done by the cult's leaders or
lieutenants? Who decides ifa potential recruit can join
the cult, and what tests or trials must a recruit pass in
order to do so? Does initiation involve particular ritu-
als, the swearing of oaths (perhaps even a blood oath)
or the use of vampiric Disciplines?

© What are the cult's most important rituals?

Rituals are part of the glue that holds a cult to-
gether. What sort of rituals does the cult engage in, and
how do they support the cult's percepts and goals?
"Rituals" can include everything from regular gather-
ings of the cult's members to individual devotions.
Rituals may include prayers or other religious elements,
solemn social or philosophical discussion or hedonistic
revels, depending on the nature of the cult. Do the
cult's leaders take part in its rituals in some way, or do
they remain aloof? Who leads rituals, and what roles do
the different ranks of the cult play in them? Do rituals
serve a purpose other than what the cultists believe? For
example, many monasteries engage in the practice of
bloodletting as.a means of cooling the sanguine humors

Cur CNEw BackeRrounpb)

You have control of a cult. You may have
founded it yourself or usurped it from another. A
cult offers different advantages, depending on its
makeup, its structure and what resources it can
call upon. This Background gives you cult points
that allow you to design your own cult, with the
Storyteller's approval. Storytellers not using the
optional point system for cult creation can simply
base the cult's overall usefulness and loyalty on
the character's rating in this Background, using
the point system asa guideline.

. Youhave I cultpoint tospend.

oe Youhave 2 cultpointstospend.

Youhave 3cultpointstospend.
Youhave 4cult points tospend.
Youhave 5 cultpointstospend.

EN CULTS

and promoting health, but certainly, Cainites working
behind the scenes would have other uses for those bowls

of fresh blood.
Curt Traits

Those who wish a concrete way to quantify a cult
along the lines of other social elements (such as Allies
and Influence) can use the Cult Background (see
sidebar). The Background translates into "cult points"
that serve to buy various Traits, much like those of an
individual character. Some Traits have negative values,
giving the player more points to spend on other areas of
the cult by giving it a weakness or deficient Trait. The
Traits of a cult are: Size, Influence, Loyalty, Resources,
Secrecy and Arcana.

Size

The first thing to determine about a cult is its size:
How many people belong to it? A cult can be as small
as a handful of followers or vast enough to have mem-
bersscattered all across Europe (and possibly elsewhere)
Asmall cult offers the advantage of more direct control;
a vampire can oversee all the activities of the cult
members. A large cult is more difficult to control
directly. The cult leader must rely on the loyalty and
abilities of underlings (see "Loyalty," below).

Points Size
10 members.
20 members.
50 members.
100 members.
250 members.
500 members.
1,000 members.
Greater than 1,000 members. Such cults
are extremely rare, and the Storyteller may
not want to allow player characters to
control them.

NFLUENCE

How much influence does the cult have in mortal
society? By necessity, most cults are secretive, but they
can still exercise influence via their members. For
example, the Cainite Heresy has considerable influ-
ence within the Church, while another cult may have
influence ina particular land or culture or among a class
of people such as craftsmen, artists or scholars. In
general, acult's influence should be limited to one area,
be it a nation, religion, culture or any other area the
Storyteller approves, but players can purchase multiple
Influence ratings for cults that have power in more than
one area of society


Points Influence

0 None. The cult has no influence over
anyone outside of its own members. Its
members may be outcasts, escaped slaves,
cut off from the outside world, presumed
dead or otherwise without influence of
their own.
Modest influence. The cult has some
small influence in a particular area: a
town, a monastery, a religious sect or so
forth.
Well entrenched. The cult is a factor in
the politics of a city or an equivalent
arena. It might strongly influence a par-
ticular faction of that city, suchas crafters,
masons, beggars, monks or soldiers.
Influential. The cult can exert influence
over anarea the size of a barony, drawing
the attention of lesser nobles (and influ-
encing their decisions to some degree).
Strongly influential. The cult is a power
to be reckoned with in an entire county
or diocese, influencing the nobility and
the most powerful people in the area.
Vastly influential. The cult's influence
can be felt over an entire nation or
within the whole of the Church.

LOYALTY

Akey factor in any cultis the loyalty of its members.
Loyalty determines not only how far cult members are
willing to go to fulfill the commands of their leaders, but
also determines how much danger there is of rebellion
or treachery from within the cult's ranks.

Note that the cult's loyalty level represents the
overall loyalty of the majority of the cult's members, not
every individual member. At the Storyteller's discre-
tion, the exact proportions of loyalty within the cult
may vary slightly. For example, a Zealous cult might
have a small cadre of truly fanatical members, a large
number of zealous members, some devoted members
and a few moderately loyal folk on the fringes. The
Storyteller can always decide the exact loyalty and
agenda of any important cult members; a high loyalty
rating is not an absolute guarantee against betrayal
from within, it only makes it less likely.

Loyalty — more than any other aspect of a cult —
must also be maintained. This maintenance involves
leaders reinforcing their authority over the cult on a
regular basis, by performing rituals, interacting with sub-
ordinates, using Disciplinessuchas Dominateand Presence,

Points Loyalty

2 Divided: The cult is deeply divided into
factionsand beset by internal strife. Coups,
betrayal and rebellion are all likely possi-
bilities, and even the cult leaders aren't
entirely sure whom they can trust.
Opportunistic: Most of the members of the
cult have a cynical, self-serving attitude
toward it and its leadership. Ifan opportu-
nity to better their own lot at the expense
of the cult, its members or its leaders comes
along, they're likely to take it.
Fairly Loyal: The members of the cult are
reasonably loyal to its cause and its leaders.
Although they won't do anything that
would seriously endanger them, they obey
thecult'sdictates to the best of their ability.
Moderately Loyal: The cult's followers
keep its secrets under most conditions
and do as they are commanded by the
cult's leadership, performingany taskshort
of risking physical or social harm.
Devoted: The cultists are willing to take
dire risks in the name of the cult and will
fight to defend it when necessary.
Zealous: The cult members keep its se-
crets under any conditions except torture
or supernatural coercion. They always
fight to defend the cult, its members and,
particularly, its leaders from any outside
force. Members are willing to take any
risk for the cult.
Fanatical: Members of the cult are true
fanatics, possibly conditioned using
vampiric Disciplines. They will die be-
fore betraying the cult or its ideals in any
way and gladly give their lives in service
to the cult.

strengthening blood oaths, handing out rewards (and
punishments) and so forth. This should take a fair amount
of the leaders' time, and those who neglect such upkeep
should find the cult's loyalty slipping

RESOURCES

What material resources, both wealth and goods, does
the cult control? Some cults count nothing but their
membersas resources. Others have considerable treasuries
and own areas of land, perhaps even a castle. A cult's
resources are not always equivalent to those of its mem-
bers. Some cults require members to give a tithe, aportion
of their income (perhapsall of it) to the cult. Others make
little or no financial demands of their members (often

PULLING THE STRINGS


because they have nothing togive). A cult's resources also
determine whatiitcan offer its members by way of material
things. A poor cult isn't likely to have a secret meeting
place other than an isolated ruin, forest grove or dirt
basement. Likewise, a poor cult can't afford to arm its
members with swords or mail; they have to rely on
whatever implements are at hand. Wealthy cults can
afford all of these things and more.

Cult resources are separate from personal resources
(determined by the character's Resources Background).
A calt leader can draw upon the cult's resources, but
generally, they must be managed by a mortal member of
the cult, able to move about during the day. A cult's
resources mustalso support the cult's needs first, although
the more loyal the cult, the more likely it will tolerate
personal use of resources by its leaders. See "Cults and
Other Backgrounds," below, for more information.

Points Resources

-l None: The cult has no resources of its
own, and its members likely have none to
offer it. It must meet in an out of the way
place abandoned by the rest of the world.
Scant: The cult gathers enough to sup-
port itself and its members, with a little
left over each month. Most likely, the
members of the cult are peasant folk or
beggars who make their living in humble
ways ot rely on the charity of others. The
cult meets where it can, sometimes in the
humble home of ones its members.
Modest: The cult has regular access toa
structure such as a cottage or a clean
and reasonably safe cave orsimilar place.
Ithasasmall income above and beyond
the upkeep and needs of its members.
Comfortable: The culthas a permanent
house or similar structure and has a
small income above and beyond the
upkeep and needs of its members.
Great Wealth: The cult controls a
manor or an entire village, or it may
control a merchant house or similar
business. In addition, the cult has a
small treasury for necessary expenses.
Vast Wealth: The cult owns considerably
property, equal toa castle or 10-20 entire
villages, or runs a huge trading empire.

\

\

SECRECY
How well is the cult hidden from outsiders? In the

Dark Medieval world, the Church burns those guilty of

heresy, and nobles take a poor view indeed of anything

that smacks of treason. Ashen cults often smack of both

ASHEN CULTS

and must hide their existences. Cults also run the risk of
being discovered by rival Cainives, by mortals or by
other supernatural beings that may not care for the
cult's activities.

Secrecy is a measure of how well the cult covers up
its activities, not necessarily whether or not individual
cultists are likely to reveal its existence. That's covered
by the Loyalty Trait (above). Still, a cult with great
secrecy offers enemies few opportunities to even find a
member of the cult to question. Someone looking for a

Points Secrecy

2 The cult's existence is known to certain
potentially dangerous mortals, such as clergy
ormembersof the nobility. It'salso known to,
most Cainites and to possibly other super-
natural beings as well (such asa wizard). The
cult must constantly be on its guard against
infiltrators and attacks.
The cult's existence is known to most of the
Cainites in its area, who may seek to under-
mine or manipulate the cult for reasons of
their own.
The cult's existence is not generally known,
but it is not difficult to discover. An ex-
tended Perception + Investigation roll
(difficulty 6, five successes) reveals the cult's
existence and basic information about it.
Additional successes provide more detailed
information.
Thecult manages to hide from routine inves-
tigation. An extended Perception +
Investigation roll (difficulty 7, six successes)
reveals the cult's existence and basic infor-
mation about it.
The cult makes excellent use of passwords,
secretsignsand so forth to conceal itself. The
Perception + Investigation roll is difficulty 8
and requires seven successes.
Most people doubt the cult exists. Secrecy is
ingrained in its members. The Perception +
Investigation roll is difficulty 9 and requires
eight succes
No one except the cultists themselves is
aware that the cult actually exists as any-
thing other than a vague legend. The secrets
of the cult are well protected even from its
lower-ranking members. The Perception +
Investigation roll is difficulty 10 and requires
nine successes. Investigators may search a
lifetime for evidence of the cult, and most of
them trip up long before they find anything,
allowing the cult to deal with them.


cult can make an extended Perception + Investigation
roll to find evidence of its existence and information
about it and its practices. The difficulty and number of
successes required are based on the cult's Secrecy Trait.

A failure turns up no information and only wastes time.
A botch on the Investigation roll, or posing the wrong
questions to the wrong people, alerts the cult of the
investigation.

ARCHANA

While most cults are made up entirely of mortals (and
often ghouls), some count Cainites among their ranks,
and other cultshave access to supernatural resources, such
as sorcery or the like. How much access the cult's leaders
have to these resources depends on the cult's loyalty and
how the resources are used. As a general rule, any arcane
resources the cult has will be less powerful than the cult
leadership, and cult leaders should be wary of permitting
more powerful supernatural forces within a cult, lest they
become a threat. Note that this Trait applies only to
vampires and sorcerers who are otherwise ordinary mem-
bers of the cult; personal retainers of the characters are
covered by the Retainers Background.

For more information on hedge magic and its
possible uses in the chronicle, see Liege, Lord and
Lackey and the Sorcerer, Revised Edition sourcebook
for Mage: The Ascension.

Points Arcana

0 The cult is made up entirely of mortals
with no supernatural abilities orresources.
The only arcana the cult can call uponare
those of the leader(s).
Some cult members may havea dotor two,
in sorcery, knowledge of the occult and,
possibly, access to some occult texts.
The cult includes a small number of vam-
pires (a tenth of the cult's number at most,
in addition to the cult's leadership) or sor-
cerers with as many as three dots in paths.
Up toa quarter of the cult's members are
vampires, or the cult has sorcerers with up
to four dots in magical paths.
Up to half of the cult's members are
vampires, or the cult includes sorcerers
with abilities up to five dots. This level of
arcana or higher combined with a low
loyalty rating is a recipe for intrigue and
overthrow.
The cult is entirely made up of vampires
and/or sorcerers.

Cars AND OTHER
BACKGROUNDS

Astute readers may note that cults offer their lead-
ers access to many of the same benefits as existing
Backgrounds from Vampire: The Dark Ages, often at
a somewhat reduced cost. For example, a Cainite with
four dots in the Cult Background can have a cult with
wealth equal to five dots in the Resources Background.
On the face of it, this might seem like a cheap way for
characters to acquire other Backgrounds and havea cult
of followers to boot.

Ir's not quite that simple. Note that a vampire with
Cult 4 who spends his four points on vast resources has
none left to spend on the other cult Traits. That means
he's most likely got a cult with a less than dozen
members at best, no social influence, shaky loyalty and
some risk of being discovered by others (who will
probably see the cult as a wealthy and vulnerable
target). More importantly, the wealth belongs to the
cult, not necessarily its leader(s) —a fine, but important
distinction.

In general, it's important to note that the various
advantages a cult offers are balanced by the fact that the
character needs to devote considerable time to main-
taining the cult and dealing with its members, as well as
protecting the cult from outside influences and poten-
tial enemies. Also, even the most fanatically loyal cult
isn't made up of mindless automatons; cult members
have their own needs and interests, which no doubt
coincide with the Cainite's to some degree, but they are
not simply extensions of the character's will.

Storytellers should make an effort to distinguish the
cult's Traits from the character's. Players may want to
take other Backgrounds for their characters, either to
increase the usefulness of a cult by having some personal
Allies or Retainers or to have some Backgrounds sepa-
rate from the cult, such as personal Resources.

CoopERATIVE Curr BUILDING

Cult points go quickly, so a single character, even
with five dots in the Cult Background, can't start with
control of a vast, powerful cult (which is as it should be
inmost Dark Ages games). However, a group of Cainites
can pool their cult points together at the start of a game
to build a single cult controlled by all of them. A group
of five vampires has the potential to pool up to 25 cult
points, allowing them to create a truly powerful cult. Of
course, the catch is that they have to share control over
it, and that comes with challenges of i

Storytellers should be cautious when allowing play-
ersto pool cult points to buildashared cult. The maximum
cost of a cult using the point system is 29 points. A group

sown.

PULLING THE STRINGS


of six characters could achieve that if each of them has
five dots in the Cult Background, allowing the players to
control avast, continent-spanningcult of fanatical vam-
pires and sorcerers that command tremendous wealth
and influence. Ifthat'snot the sort of chronicle you want
torun, you should feel free to ask the players to come up
with something a little less dramatic, setting maximum
levels they can assign to the various cult Traits. Also,
keep in mind that characters who pour all their Back-
ground dots into Cult won't have as many left over for
other useful Backgrounds such as Generation, Herd,
Influence and Status

On the other hand, if the players really want their
characters to control a powerful cult, let them, since it
will offer them more than their share of difficulties in

Cart vs. HERD
A player may look at a cult and say
roup of loyal mortal followers! Free lunch!"
While a cult does offer Cainites opportuniti
slake their endless thirst in relative safety, it is
nota replacement for the Herd Background, nor
is it without risks of its own.

A player may choose to take the Herd Back:
ground for her character to represent a to
some or all members of a cult for feeding pur-
poses. This works just like the regular Herd
Background from Vampire: The Dark Ages; the
cult is just color explaining why the vampire's
herd is so loyal to her. This arrangement allows
the Cainite to feed on members of the cult in
relative safety, although it doesn't necessarily
mean every member of the cult is a willing vessel
(or even aware of their leader's unusual feeding
habits). The Storyteller may say that some par-
ticularly fanatical cult members make up the
vampire's herd, while the rest are ignorant of the
true purpose of the inner circle's rituals — or are
willing to look the other way.

A vampire without the Herd Background
who chooses to feed on members of her cult faces
certain difficulties. Only the most loyal cultists
will knowingly allow a Cainite to feed on them,
and only the truly fanatical are willing to die to
slake a vampire's thirst. The ecstasy of the Kis
helps to reinforce the desire to serve, but a
vampire that treats cult members solely as cattle
(particularly if she regularly kills vessels) is likely
to face dissent sooner or later. Feeding on cultists
may also expose the Cainite's true nature, which
can be dangerous in cults that aren't aware that
their leader is a vampire

EN CULTS

the chronicle. If the characters are personally weak,
they may face challenges from more powerful Cainites
for control over the cult or even dissent from within
when cult members realize that their leaders aren't
infallible or all-powerful. They characters will have to
devote considerable time to managing the cult and its
resources, and they'll have to rely on mortal cult mem-
bers to deal with things during the day. (Did the players
remember to put Background dots into Allies or Retain
ets? If not, how much can their characters really trust
those mortal lackeys?) The characters will potentially
draw attention from other cults that may consider them
rivals or outright enemies or from factions that want the
players' cult as an ally... or else.

In general, it behooves players working together to
start out with a modest cult, then work on improving it
during the course of the chronicle.

CREATING AND IMPROVING
Cats IN PLAY

Like other Backgrounds, cults aren't purchased
with experience, but created through roleplaying and
proper use of the characters' various abilities. If a
vampire wants a new retainer, he must seek out a
suitable mortal, draw him into his service and, possibly,
Dominate or bond him with the blood oath. This
process takes time and effort and runs the risk of failure.
The same is even truer of cults.

While the rewards of creating or expanding a cult
are greater, so is the risk and the effort involved
Building or expanding a cult can easily become the
focus of an entire chronicle — or at least a substantial
subplot in one. How detailed the characters' efforts are
depends on how much the players and the Storyteller
want the cult to be the focus of the chronicle.

Foracult-based chronicle, most eventsrevolve around
the creation, maintenance, and expansion of the cult. The
characters have to take into account the cult Traits
described on pages 74-77, and the Storyteller can use them
as a soutce of ideas; once the characters' have begun to
gather followers, they must consider ways to improve the
followers' loyalty and maintain the cabal's secrecy. The
characters have to manage the cult's resources, build its
influence and so forth. Asa general rule, each increase in
one of the cult's Traits should involve the effort of an
entire story, so building a very powerful cult may take the
better part of a chronicle.

In chronicles where the cult is secondary to other
considerations, the Storyteller can assume that some
cult matters are handled behind the scenes and focus
only on the important things concerning the cult. Loyal
underlings and cult members handle the night-to-night
business so the leaders don't have to worry about it


TooLs OF CONTROL

Vampires have many tools at their disposal when it
comes to influencing and controlling others. These
abilities have allowed them to exercise a parasitic
influence over mortal society throughout history and to
maintain their power among the Damned. Any Cainite
who intends to rise to power within his clan or court
must learn to master at least one of these techniques, if
not several.

SociAL INTERACTION AND
RELEVANT ASBILITIES

The simplest means of influence is one that mortals
have used since time immemorial: social interaction.
Honeyed words, a forceful presence and a meaningful
glance can all help to work one's will on another. It's a
complex game but one that Cainites learn to play very
well. In addition to helping them move unnoticed
through mortal society and aiding in the hunt, social
skills provide a vampire with the means of gathering
followers and building a personal power base.

Naturally, the various Social Attributes come into
play here, but training in key Abilities can make up for
almost any lack of natural talent, plus Cainites have a
great deal of time in which to learn to seduce and
manipulate. Spending some experience to raise Cha-
risma or Manipulation is a wise investment for the
player ofa would-be demagogue. A number of Abilities
are equally useful for establishing and maintaining
influence over others, and vampire cult-leaders use all
of them to varying degrees. If you want to play a cult
leader, consider making Talents your primary Abilities,
since that's where most of these key Abilities lie.

EMPATHY

In order to manipulate feelings it is useful to under-
stand them. True, Empathy does imply a measure of
sympathy as well as understanding, but cult-leaders easily
reason away such things. After all, many cults provide
their members with a sense of comfort and belonging, if
not increased happiness. Those cults that instill terror and
despair in their members rarely last long and usually have
leaders that don't care about their followers' feelings (and,
so, don't bother having much Empathy).

Generally, you roll Wits + Empathy for your char-
acter to get a feel for someone's emotions, with a
difficulty equal to that character's Wits + Subterfuge. A
subject that is aware your character is trying to read her
(such as in a negotiation or a meeting) can make this
harder by actively trying to hide her true feelings. Your
character's effort becomes a resisted action, with the
opposing player rolling Wits + Subterfuge against a

difficulty of your vampire's Wits + Empathy. One
success is enough for your character to overcome any
pretense and tell the subject's general emotional state;
more successes give you additional insights into how
she is feeling. If your character uses that information in
a later attempt to manipulate her, the Storyteller may
lower the difficulty of the attempt.

ETIQUETTE

Because it deals most of all with the rules governing
polite society, Etiquette is not all that useful when it
comes to maintaining cults. It does have its uses, how-
ever, when dealing with people outside your character's
circle of followers or when introducing those in the
circle to outsiders. Etiquette can also be a passport into
high society, where one may seek out certain kinds of
people and encourage them to join.

INTIMIDATION

Intimidation is a poor means of gathering followers;
folk tend to flee from things that frighten and intimi-
date them. It can be very useful, on the other hand, for
keeping control of the followers you have and quelling
dissent and rebellion. Masters of Intimidation can end
disagreements with a cold stare or a word, sending their
opponents slinking off into a dark corner. However,
frequent use of Intimidation tends to breed resentment
and rebellion. Only Cainites assured of their ability to
put down any such rebellion, or able to keep their
followers in abject fear at all times, use Intimidation as
their sole means of controlling a cult.

Intimidation also has more subtle uses. It covers
situations where one person uses threats to get some-
thing from someone else. Such threats don't have to be
overt physical displays; they can be subtle, even im-
plied. A powerful bishop doesn't have to point out that
his forces can be at someone's door with only a word
from him; everyone knows it and, therefore, is intimi-
dated by his mere presence. A brilliant man can
intimidate others with the force of his intellect by using
fancy speech and citing facts (the player rolls Intelli-
gence + Intimidation). Such subtle forms of intimidation
are often more effective than outright threats at keep-
ing underlings in line.

LEADERSHIP

A key Ability for any would-be demagogue, Lead-
ership is useful because it isa subtle and largely automatic
Talent; powerful leaders tend to attract followers with-
out even trying, whereas others have to work hard to
maintain their power and position. Storytellers may
lighten the burden of leadership somewhat for charac-
ters with high ratings in this Ability because so much of
it comes naturally to them. They don't have any fewer
responsibilities, they just find it easier to maintain the
loyalty of their people.

PULLING THE STRINGS


Most other Social Abilities focus on individual
interaction, while Leadership deals with groups. Giv-
inga rousing speech, convincing a crowd of something,
whipping a mob into a frenzy (or calming one down)
and getting a diverse group of people to work toward a
common goal are all uses of Leadership. The appropri-
ate Attribute depends on what the character is trying to
do. Making a convincing argument is Manipulation +
Leadership, while directing or inspiring others uses
Charisma + Leadership. Perception or Intelligence +
Leadership might allow you to learn something about
someone else's style of leadership and technique (diffi-
culty equal to that character's Wits + Subterfuge)

SUBTERFUGE

While some cult-leaders sincerely believe what they
tell their followers, most Cainites don't tell their followers
everything and usually leave out some very important
details (such as the fact that they intend to drink their
followers' blood, for example). Therefore, it's wise for
vampires to be able to keep their own thoughts and
feelings carefully hidden, while wooing their victims with
the utmost charm and sincerity. Subterfuge is the defense
against Empathy (above), the ability to maintain a facade

ASHEN CULTS

in any situation. Subterfuge is also the Ability you use to
chip away at the emotional masks of others, looking for
subtle weaknesses and signs of their true feelings and
intent. Roll Perception + Subterfuge (difficulty equal to
your subject's Manipulation + Subterfuge). Each success
you get reduces the difficulty of making Empathy rolls on
that individual by 1, representing a chink in their emo-
tional armor you've discovered.

Subterfuge is also very useful in the maintenance of
cults and covens. Indeed, anything that could easily be
branded heresy needs to remain hidden unless it has the
broad support of the local community. Intelligence +
Subterfuge rolls allow characters to plan ahead, making
sure their cults remain hidden. Manipulation + Subter-
fuge allows for quick and convincing lies to further
obscure matters.

INFLUENCE

Just like breaking down a wall is simpler when you
know the right place to strike, so is influencing someone
when you know their strengths and (especially) their
weaknesses. The judicious use of Abilities such as Al
ness, Empathy, Investigation and Subterfuge, along with


various Knowledges, can often provide the leverage neces-
sary tomakean otherwise difficult social interaction simple
The sorts of influence one person can gain over
another are many and varied. They generally fall into two
categories: things people desire and things that they fear
In the first case, the vampire takes the role of tempter,
ferreting out longings and desires and dangling them in
front of the subject to draw him out and ensure his interest,
ifnothis cooperation. This mightbe an outright seduction
oras subtle as learning about a noble's passion for hawking
or fine wine and using that interest as a means to gain his
attention. Many Cainites are experts in mortal vices and
in worming their way into mortal lives through them.
Influence is also gained through the power of fear,
Vampires already have fearsome reputations as creatures
of the night, and some use their supernatural abilities to
inspire terror in mortals to ensure their cooperation. More
subtle influence is obtained through the use of threats,
particularly blackmail. Mortals (especially ones in posi-
tions of power) often have secrets, and Cainites have the
ability to uncover those secrets through both mundane
and supernatural means. A spying Nosferatu ot a use of
Steal Secrets (Auspex 4) can place a powerful weapon in
avampire's hands. Ifa mortal doesn'thave any secret vices
orshames, it'salso easy enough fora clever manipulator to

create one, then hold it over the victim's head.

CseFut DiscIeLiNes

Although their duplicitous natures and many years
of experience in refining the arts of manipulation make
Cainites dangerous enough, the power of their various
Disciplines means that few mortals can stand against
the Damned when they exert their will. Vampires have
abilities that can twist heart and mind, turning even
the strongest-willed enemy into an obedient and fawn-
ing slave, given enough time — and the undead have
nothing if not time to work their plans.

FAuspex

The Discipline of insight grants its user indirect
power and influence over others, but if knowledge is
power, then a master of Auspex is very powerful. At
higher ratings, Auspex allows vampires to gather infor-
mation — even directly from a subject's mind — that
they can use to manipulate others into doing their
bidding. A vampire with Auspex is also better prepared
against treachery from within the ranks of her follow-
ers, since she can spy on them and sense deception and
deceit before it is too late to act

CHIMERSTRY

The Ravnos art of deceit is useful for Cainites who
base their cults on falsehood. More than one vampire has
pretended to be a holy man, sorceress or great power and

N SOME COOL ROLEPLI
rUFF HAPPENS..."

Storytellers need to exercise a measure of good
judgment when it comes to roleplaying social interac-
tion. Most of the time, Storytellers are advised to
ignore the game systems for social actions and to rel}
on the players' portrayals of their characters. While it's
good to encourage roleplaying, it's also important not
to forget about the character's Social Traits, either. A.
player who's not comfortable with public speaking or
on the spot oratory might have a character with a
Charisma + Leadership pool of 9 or 10 dice, after all.

In some cases, it's permissible to allow players to
gloss over some of their characters' exact words and

mply give everyone the gist of what they're trying to
say or accomplish. For example, the aforementioned
player might say, "I start off the speech with something
like, ‘Men of Florence! Heed the words of one of your
own!' Then, | go into how I'm not worthy to address
them and so forth, really building up my humility
before I point out the fact they've all so clearly over-
looked regarding the proposal. That way, they're all
too ashamed to admit they didn't already notice it. I'll
end with something like, ‘I hope that my humble
insights have been of use,' and bow before I exit. I'l be
sure to refuse the first offer to become an advisor at
court out of humility before I accept." Then the
Storyteller asks the player to roll his character's Cha-
risma + Leadership, adjusting the difficulty based on
his description. This sort of "shorthand" can alsospeed
up complex social interactions involving only one of
the players (unless the rest of the group want to listen:
to her give a long and involved speech, in which case,
go right ahead).

By thesame token, Storytellersshould be aware of
players who are good at social interaction and impro-
visation playing characters who are not. While they
should be rewarded for coming up with clever things to
say with reduced difficulties on Social rolls, the
character's Traits should be kept in mind as well. An
oaf with one dot in Charisma is only going to be so
likeable, no matter how pleasant his player may be.

used Chimerstry (and other Disciplines) to make itappear
so. Visionsof the glories of Heaven (or the tortures of Hell)
can help ensure loyalty among followers.

DarMorinon

The Baali use their dark powers — notably Sense
the Sin, Fear of the Void Below and Psychomachia —
to manipulate others and lure them into lives of sin and
depravity. Sense the Sin in particular gives a diabolist

PULLING THE STRINGS


the opportunity to use Presence and Subterfuge to
tempt a victim, focusing on their greatest weakness

DEMENTATION

Although the Malkavian art of madness certainly
grants the ability to influence the mortal (and Cainite)
mind, it is less a precise scalpel and more of a hammer
striking glass. It unleashes madness in others, but the
user has little control over how the victim's madness
manifests itself. Cults built on madness (usually by
Malkavians) are like wild beasts that can easily turn on.
their masters. For this reason, most Cainites consider it
madness to use Dementation in the first place (but
then, as the Malkavians say, one must be mad in order

to use it at all). True masters of the Discipline still find
uses for Dementation in creating cults. Used carefully,
it can shape a cult to mirror the madness of its creator.

DOMINATE

One of the key Disciplines for gathering followers,
Dominate allows the user to directly control others. Butin
the creation and leadership of a cult, Dominate is not
always as useful as it might appear, since it imposes the
vampire's will without necessarily changing the subject's
true nature. Still, properly applied, domination can ensure
a Cainite's control over nearly any mortal — and many
vampires as well.

Techniques such as Reveler's Memory and Lure of
Subtle Whispers (Dominate 3 and 4, respectively) can
slowly wear away at a victim's mind and will, replacing
themwithunthinking obedience tothe vampire. Reveler's
Memory is useful for eliminating memories or ideas that
conflict with the master's will, making the subject more
agreeable and loyal even when not under the vampire's
direct influence. Likewise, some Cainites use Lure of
Subtle Whispers to weaken a subject's will without de-
stroying it altogether. By stretching out the time it takes
to completely dominate the victim (by at least twice as
long, sometimes longer), a fraction of the retainer's per-
sonality is left intact, enough to fool others in casual social
interaction. Other players must roll Perception + Empa-
thy roll, difficulty 5, for their characters to notice the
retainer's strange behavior. Vessels that have been domi-
nated for very long periods of time have also been known
to develop rudimentary personalities, allowing them to
better serve their master.

PRESENCE

Presence is the most important Discipline for influ-
encing large groups of people and building cults and
followings. Presence gives a vampire supernatural cha-
risma and influence over others. Unlike Dominate,
Presence does not provide precise control; the user can
inflame passions or create feelings of awe and servitude
but not dictate what a person thinks or does. Still,

ASHEN CULTS

skillfully used, Presence allows a Cainite to create and
maintain a substantial following of mortals and, per-
haps, even other Cainites.

Subtlety and patience are the keys to using Presence
successfully. While any vampire can use it to inspire awe
ot even obedience in others, such things are momentary,
usually functioning only while the user is present. It takes
a bit more effort to prolong the subject's fascination and
build a true sense of loyalty and even worship.

Awe (Presence 1) is useful for gaining the attention
andaffection oflarge groupsofpeopleall atonce, although
it only makes the subjects more drawn to the Cainite; it
doesn'toverwhelm their sense of self-preservation or their
deeply held beliefs. Awe may also draw unwanted atten-
tion to its user, since word of the vampire's fantastic mien
will no doubt spread quickly. This scrutiny may not be
desirable, so a cautious Cainite may prefer to limit the use
of Awe to a very select audience.

THe ENTRANCED

Entrancement (Presence 3) ensures the
subject's true devotion, although for how long
dependson the vampire'sskilland thesubject's
strength of will. However, once a person has
been entranced, it is easier for the vampire to
entrance them again. After the entrancement
weats off, the difficulty for using Presence on
that individual is lowered by 1 for a full day
and night. The vampire can compound thi
effect so long as she successfully entrances the
character again during this period of suscepti-
bility. So, after the victim emerges from his
second entrancement, difficulties for entran
ing him are at —2 for two full nights. If the
period of susceptibility ever passes or the vam-
pire fails a Presence roll, the difficulty returns
to normal. If the difficulty ever reaches 0, the
vampire can entrance him permanently with a
successful Appearance + Empathy roll (diffi-
culty equal to the target's original Willpower).
‘These bonuses only apply to the vampire who}
first entranced the victim, and vampires can-
not entrance their thralls while they are still
under their sway

Regular use of Passion (Presence 6) works.
much the same as Entrancement, except that
Passion doesn't last as long and affects multiple
people. Vampires with this level of Presence can
quickly convert large groups of people into ut-
terly loyal and devoted followers.


The most common tactic for using Presence to build
a following is to move through the social circle where
potential recruits can be found. This may range from a
market square to a royal court, depending on the indi-
vidual vampire's needs and tastes. It is important for the
Cainite todo this personally in order to use some Presence
abilities, although a loyal servant can be sent to recruit in
other cases. If the vampire finds new servants personally,
she can use Summon (Presence 4) to call them into her
presence later and deal with them privately. The sum-
mons takes the form of an irresistible compulsion, but
mortals don't necessarily know that it originates from the
vampire (or that theirsummonerisa vampire atall). Some
chalk it up to fate, feeling they somehow just knew the
enigmatic stranger would be there.

THAUMATURGY

The arts of Thaumaturgy are not as useful as some
other Disciplines in gathering and keeping followers,
but they do provide wizards such as the Tremere with
tools for finding potential servants and keeping them in
line, not to mention enhancing their usefulness. For
some mortals, the promise of learning the secrets of
sorcery is enough to entice them into a Cainite's
service, and cults of would-be wizards serve vampires
and provide them with influence in the mortal world.
There are Thaumaturgy rituals that can affect the mind
and emotions but not as effectively as Dominate or
Presence, and most wizards favor paths and rituals that
give them power over the material world.

VIcISsITUDE

The Tzimisce hardly need the power of their prime
Discipline to gather followers, since they already have
their own fiefdoms and ghoul families at their beck and
call. Still, the ability to shape the flesh to create (or take
away) beauty can be a powerful one. The Tzimisce use
Vicissitude to enhance servants (although what the
Fiends consider "enhancement" is often widely differ-
ent from the rest of the world). Thus, Tzimisce ghouls
and even mortal servants may have unusual physical
Traits, and the Fiends often engage in competitions of
flesh crafting to see who can produce the most novel
new forms.

BoNnps OF BLoop

One of the Cainites' most potent tools for influenc-
ingand controlling others s the power inherent in their
blood. Cainite vitae is both addictive and capable of
creating a powerful bond between regnant and thrall,
the blood oath.

It takes very little actual blood to create a blood
oath. A single sip — about half a blood point — is
enough to begin the process. More potent blood (ftom

a Cainite of a lower generation than 12th) works in
proportionally smaller amounts. More works just as
well, of course, but the potential thrall must drink at
least three different times on three different nights to
create the bond of a true blood oath, and a large dose of
vitae transforms a mortal into a ghoul (see below).
Lesser amounts of blood taken over a longer period of
time can also create a blood oath. The more a thrall
takes blood afterward, the stronger the oath becomes
and the longer it lasts.

The creation of a blood oath and turning a mortal
into a ghoul are two separate, but related, processes.
The blood oath requires only small amounts of blood to
be consumed over a period of time. Becoming a ghoul
requires a mortal to consume a larger amount of blood
(at least a single full blood point, often more) all at
once. It is possible to combine to the two, of course. So
aghoul who drinks her domitor's blood three times also
forges a blood oath with him. So long as the mortal
consumes less than a full blood point of vitae each day,
she does not become a ghoul, but the creation of the
blood oath still takes place.

Some Cainites use brute force to create blood oaths.
Dominate can force a potential thrall to drink, as cana
careful use of Presence. There is no need for the thrall
to drink of her own free will. Vampires can even force
blood down a victim's throat using pure physical force,
particularly a victim who is chained or otherwise help-
less. But this is a poor way to create a blood oath and
leaves lingering resentment and confusion in the thrall,
possibly even leading to a weakening of the oath and
eventual betrayal.

Therefore, Cainites prefer a measure of subtlety
when it comes to creating a blood oath. Ideally, a new
thrall takes the blood willingly (although often without
understanding the full implications). This is usually the
case when a Cainite creates a new ghoul, since the
Potence granted by the vitae makes the ghoul hunger
for more. The blood oath occurs as a matter of course.

Ifthey can't convince potential thralls to take their
vitae willingly, vampires have means of tricking them
into consuming it. The most common method is to mix
some vitae with wine or, sometimes, food. A full, red
wine is preferable because it covers the taste and color
of the blood. It must be added shortly before the subject
will consume it, since the vitae loses its potency outside
the vampire's body in a matter of minutes at best. Done
carefully, this can grant a small taste of blood to many
people, provided they all drink or sup from the same
dish. In cults, Cainites often offer their followers com-
munion, with a small amount of vitae added to the
sacramental wine. This method can extend influence
over many people at once. With a priestly servant, a
Cainite can even offer this special communion to the

PULLING THE STRINGS


parishioners of a church, although there are risks when
dealing with holy places.

Cainites offering blood to guests (in a goblet or glass,
rather than directly froma victim) may mix some of their
own blood into it, making most Cainites wary ofaccepting
blood from anything other than a living source.

THE THREE THRESHOLDS OF THE BLOOD

Vampire scholars have carefully studied the effects
of vitae on mortals and each other and have broken the
effects of the blood oath down into three "thresholds"
with identifiable effects. The precise amounts of vitae
needed to reach each threshold vary slightly from one
Cainite to another and lessen as the vampire's genera-
tion decreases. The effects are the same whether the
drinker is mortal or Cainite. Regardless of how much
blood the subject consumes, no one progresses through
more than one threshold ina night; a victim must drink
the same vitae on three different nights to pass over all
three thresholds.

The First Threshold: Reaching the first notice-
able effects of the blood oath requires drinking only a
small amount of vitae, about half a blood point or a
decent swallow. Lesser amounts of vitae taken over
time can also build up to this threshold, so a few drops
of blood taken in wine over the course of a week or more
can bring a drinker to this point. Alll Cainite automati-
cally reach this threshold with their sires when they
take their sire's blood at their Embrace, but this isn't
necessarily a permanent condition. It erodes over time
like any other blood oath (see below), and many sires
prefer toallow ittodoso, in order tohavestrongchilder
instead of obedient (and incompetent) lackeys g
at their heels.

A drinker at the first threshold begins to feel a
strong admiration for the vampire. She is often in his
thoughts, and he may find himself unconsciously seek-
ing her out for advice or guidance. The vampire gains
a slight measure of influence over the drinker; her
player gains -1 difficulty bonus when using mind-
affecting Disciplines such as Dominate and Presence
on the potential thrall. The drinker also begins to
develop a thirst for vitae, and his player must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 6) to refuse another opportu-
nity to drink.

The Second Threshold: After taking the second
drink of vitae (the same amountas the first), the drinker's
feelings for the vampire grow and begin to influence him
more directly. He feels great admiration for her, and his
player must make a successful Willpower roll for the
character toactagainst the vampire'sinterestsorharmher
inany way. Hemustalsospenda Willpower point to refuse
another opportunity to drink from the vampire. The
Cainite's influence grows, and her player gains a -1

ASHEN CULTS

difficulty bonus for all Social rolls against the drinker (in
addition to the -1 difficulty for Disciplines).

Like the first threshold, drinkers can reach the
second by taking smaller doses of vitae over a longer
period of time, but the time in between reaching the
first and second threshold must be at least a full day
(sunset to sunset). Larger amounts of blood donotspeed
up the process.

The Third Threshold: The third drink of blood
moves the drinker across the third and final threshold
His feelings blossom into complete loyalty and fealty
toward his regnant, and he becomes a thrall of the
vampire. She is the most important person in his life,
greater than spouse, family, Church or lord. Everything
else is secondary compared to the thrall's regnant, his
one, true liege.

It is possible for a thrall to cross over the first or
second threshold with more than one regnant. In fact,
it is common in some cults for members to take the
blood oath to the first or second threshold fromall of the
cult's Cainite leaders (likewise in clans such as the
Tremere). However, oncea thrall has reached the third
threshold with a regnant, all other bonds fall away. He
is bound to that regnant and her alone, and he cannot
be bound to another unless the oath is broken somehow
(see "Overcoming the Blood Oath," below)

"

"FOR THIS IS MY BLOOD...

Vampires are certainly not above cor-

rupting: the Eucharist to serve their needs;
indeed, the Cainite Heresy and other cults
have done so for centuries. But there are risks
in using the holy rites for such deviltry. An
adulterated Eucharist does not affect anyone
with at least one dot in Truth Faith; the vitae
is miraculously transubstantiated. If the
officiant (the priest performing the service)
has a True Faith rating of 2 or more, no one
who receives the sacrament from his hands is
affected, regardless of their True Faith rating.
Likewise, if the church or place where the
sacrament is performed is holy ground of
rating 2 or better, no one is affected, whether
they have True Faith or not.

Ofcourse, it's possible for the officiant to
deliberately mispronounce a word or two to
corrupt the perfection of the offering. With
no sacrament, there is no transubstantiation
toprotect the faithful. Likewise, unsanctified
Communion wine is just wine, and any v'
in it affects drinkers normally.


The regnant has great influence over a thrall. In
addition to the bonuses for the previous thresholds, she
can now use Dominate on the thrall without the need
for eye contact; simply hearing the regnant's voice is
enough. Should the thrall somehow find a way to resist,
hesuffersa + 2 difficulty on attempts todoso. The thrall
feels deep and utter devotion toward his regnant, but he
is not rendered mindless. The devotion created by a
blood oath is like any other, and a thrall retains his free
will, although his loyalty belongs to his regnant. He will
do anything he reasonably can to please his regnant

Greater Thresholds: Rumors and speculation
abound among Cainites about greater thresholds of the
blood oath. Certainly, thralls and regnants do develop
a kind of mystical connection over time, to the point
where the regnant is instinctively aware of the where-
abouts and condition of his thrall and the thrall seems
to know what her regnant's wishes are before she utters
a word. This requires a strong and long-lasting oath. If
the Storyteller feels that a blood oath has reached this
threshold, the player of the regnant or thrall may be
permitted a Perception + Empathy roll occasionally to
sense how the other is feeling. This is generally appro-
priate after a year of servitude and frequent contact.

Tue CHARACTER OF THE THRALL

A thrall's personality and Willpower have a great
deal of influence over his behavior after taking the
blood oath. Thralls retain their sense of identity and
their wits under the oath; only their attitude toward
their regnant changes. How it changes depends on the
thrall's Willpower. Weaker willed thralls (Willpower 4
or less) tend to become fawning sycophants, doing
everything in their power to please their regnant,
constantly seeking her advice and generally getting
underfoot. Those of stronger will tend to have greater
independence and ability to make their own decisions
and express their own opinions, even to disagree with
their regnant, if not disobey her. The strongest-willed
thralls (Willpower 7 or more) have the manner of stout,
loyal vassals. Unfortunately, it is also these thralls who
are most able to resist or even overcome the blood oath,
so Cainites must often choose between sycophants who

can'tsay no to them and independent vassals capable of
eventually turning against them.

THE RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE REGNANT
Like a feudal oath, a blood oath is binding for both
parties. While the thrall owes the regnant loyalty and
service, the regnant, in turn, must care for the thrall or
else risk losing his loyalty. This does not mean that a
thrall will not risk life and limb for his regnant (most
medieval vassals swear to do so for their liege-lords). It
does mean that the regnant cannot harm or abuse the

PULLING THE STRINGS


thrall without good cause and expect the oath-bond to
remain strong.

Asa general rule, if a regnant's command is some-
thing that can be expected of a true and loyal servant,
then there is no difficulty. But if the regnant orders a
thrall to do something that violates the oath of loyalty
between them, then the oath begins to erode. For
example, a vampire could order a loyal knight into
battle against an enemy without consequence, since
that is what knight's do. But he could not order his
thrall to mercilessly slaughter an unarmed fellow knight.
That goes against all that the knight believes in and
abuses the power of the oath. The same is true if the
regnant abuses or mistreats the thrall. A whipping fora
failure may be customary and excused, but torture for
no reason violates the oath.

The Storyteller is the final judge of whether or not a
request ofa thrall isappropriate ornot (based on roleplaying
and how well the regnant's player handles it). The Story-
teller should advise the player when a command is likely
toweakena thrall's blood oath; the thrall's hesitation and
unwillingness are evident to the regnant.

Ifa thrall is ordered to take an action that is against
his nature, his player may roll Willpower with a diffi-
culty of 10. Each success permanently reduces the
number of successes needed to temporarily overcome
the blood oath in the future (see below). Failure has no
effect, but a botch requires the thrall's player to make a
Conscience or Conviction roll (difficulty 6) to avoid
the thrall acquiring a permanent derangement.

THE CHARACTER OF THE OATH

As described in Chapter One (pp. 31-40), each
clan's blood oath has a slightly different character to it.
A Brujah blood oath engenders feelings of friendship
and camaraderie, a Toreador oath is fired with passion,
and a Setite oath has the edge of an uncontrollable
addiction. These "flavors" have no direct mechanical
effects, but players and Storytellers can and should use
them as guides for the nature of the oath.

OVERCOMING THE BLoop OnTH

It is possible to resist a blood oath for a short time.
The thrall's player must make an extended Willpower
roll (difficulty 8) and accumulate a number of successes
equal to the number of times the thrall has consumed
his regnant's blood (roughly the total number of blood
points he has drunk from his regnant). Then, the
thrall's player can spend a Willpower point to ignore
the effects of the blood oath. How long this lasts
depends on the circumstances. Overcoming the oath
out of the regnant's sight may last for a scene, while
overcoming it to attack the regnant lasts only for a
single turn; then, another Willpower point is required.
Ironically, the more honorable the thrall, the more

ASHEN CULTS

difficulty it is for him to betray his oath without just
cause. The Storyteller may wish to increase the number
of successes required to overcome the blood oath if the
thrall does not have a sufficiently compelling reason.

Breaking a blood oath is no easy matter. There are
three known means of doing so, all difficult for the thrall.

The first is to completely avoid the regnant (and
taking any vitae) for a long period of time. It requires
regular Willpower rolls and expenditures of Willpower
to resist the urge to return to the regnant's side, the
regnant usually has little difficulty convincing a thrall
to return. Some thralls isolate themselves in monaster-
ies or the like, but even there, thoughts of their regnant
plague them, and those who have taken blood from the
Children of Caine are often not welcome in the House
of God. Over time, the blood oath weakens, and the
thrall may be able to overcome it. As a general rule, if
athrall avoids her regnant for (12 - Willpower) months,
the blood oath retreats to the next lowest threshold.
Once it drops past the first threshold, it is broken. If the
drinker has never passed the third threshold, and so
entered a full blood oath, the time is significantly
shorter, on the order of (12 — Willpower) weeks.

The second means is the final death of the regnant.
Most thralls find the very idea horrifying, and few can
bring themselves to actually attempt to slay their
regnants, although some do manage to plot against
them (with great effort). The blood oath ends at the
moment of final death, although some thralls never
completely overcome their feelings for their regnant.

Finally, there are tales of supernatural forces break-
inga blood oath, from the workings of powerful sorcerers
to divine intervention offering hope to a lost soul.
Unfortunately for hopeful thralls, there is no evidence
that such legends are anything other than that, al-
though that doesn't stop some from searching.

SERVANTS AND
SLAVES

Many Cainites would say it is their right to hold
sway over lesser creatures, and the lords of the night do
lay claim demesnes of their own. Storytellers can use
the information here for managing characters' servants
and as quick templates for typical servitors of that type.

HERD

A vampire's herd is considered the lowest level of
servants (above creatures suchas paid mercenariesand the
like). A herd isa group of mortals loyal enough toa Cainite
toprotectherand allow her tofeed from them. In the Dark
Medieval world, herds often make up cults following a
particular vampire or vampires, since there aren't any
nightclubs or other places where a herd can gather unno-


BACKGROUNDS AND SERVANTS

Technically, only the Retainer and Herd
Backgrounds providea vampire with servants.
Other Backgrounds may provide people help-
ful to a character in different ways but not as
helpful as a true servant. The new Cult Bac!
ground is a special case
page 74.

Allies offer help but have lives of their
own and aren't likely to endanger themselves
on a character's behalf. They're friends (and
possibly family), not servants.

provide information and may

r services, and they generally won't risl
their own necks. They may also ask for favors
(or payment) in return for their help.

Influence gives vampires the ability to
sway things in mortal society (often through
servants and other proxies), but it doesn't giv
them access to servants or helpers.

ticed, In the case of a particularly large cult, a herd may
only be part of the membership, with the rest either

ignorant of the cult's true purpose, awaiting induction
into the inner circle or part of another vampire's herd. See
"Cult vs. Herd" (p. 78) for more information.

Several vampires may combine their herds to cre-
ate an even larger cult, although this may result in some
factionalism among the cultists.

RE

Retainers are true and (reasonably) loyal servants.
They may be permanently enthralled mortals (see p.
82) or influenced with Dominate and Presence. They
may be thralls, bound to the vampire by the blood oath,
or they may be ghouls, fed vitae to give them supernatu-
ral strength (and possibly access to other Disciplines)
and to keep them loyal.

The number of retainers given under the Retainers
Background in Vampire: The Dark Ages isasuggested
number. The Storyteller may feel free to vary it if a
Cainite's retainers are particularly powerful or weak or
if their loyalty is stronger or weaker than usual. For
example, a character might have double the number of
retainers if they're all mortals that aren't bound to him
by anything other than regular pay and decent treat-
ment. Orthree dots in Retainer mightgive the character
an especially powerful ghoul bodyguard (but one who's
loyalty isn't entirely certain). It's up to the Storyteller

to decide whether or nota particular retainer should be
worth more or les

GHOULS

More information on ghouls can be found in Liege,
Lord and Lackey. This section provides some basic
information on revenantsand typical statistics for ghouls.
Most every ghoul is oath-bound to the vampire who
created her (her domitor) and relies on that Cainite to
gain vitae to power Disciplines, heal non-aggravated
damage or boost Physical Attributes. Vitae also pre-
vents aging — but makes the ghouls vulnerable to
frenzy (at a—2 difficulty).

Ghouls will usually have 1 to 4 blood points of vitae
within them at any given time.

TRUSTED SERVANT

This sort of ghoul is the type vampires rely upon to
manage an estate (and possibly other servants), to deal
with mortals during the day and to carry out important
errands and other tasks while their master sleeps. Ghoul
servants quickly become skilled at subterfuge (if they
weren't already) to keep their master's secrets — and
their own.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Academics 2 (or Hearth Wisdom 2),
Alertness 2, Crafts 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Etiquette 3,
Larceny 2, Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Melee 2, Occult 1,
Seneschal 3, Subterfuge 3

Disciplines: Potence 1, possibly one other Disci-
pline at 1

Conscience: 3, Self-Control: 4, Courage: 3, Will-
power: 4

Guoul, GUARDIAN

This sort of ghoul is the type who protects the
haven ofa vampire liege or accompanies his liege to act
asa bodyguard. Such ghoulsare usually a match for most
mortals and can even give a young Cainite pause,
particularly if they are trained in the ways of fighting
vampires (and many ghouls are).

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Archery 3, Athletics 2,
Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3, Investigation 2,
Medicine 1, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 3

Disciplines: Fortitude 1, Potence 1, possibly one
other Discipline at 1

Conscience: 2, Self-Control: 3, Courage: 5, Will-
power: 5

PULLING THE STRINGS


REVENANTS

Revenants come from ghoul families, usually those
associated with the Tzimisce. Unlike ordinary ghouls,
revenantscan learn more Disciplines and produce their
own vitae at a rate of one blood point per day. This
blood is weak by vampiric standards; it cannot create
blood oaths or grant the Embrace, but it can otherwise
fuel the revenant's powersand Disciplines. A revenant's
blood pool also increases with age, 1 point for every
century, but revenants also age, albeit slowly, about one
year for every four. Tzimisce ghouls and revenants often
have some or all of the modifications described under
Vicissitude (particularly Transmogrify the Mortal Clay
and Rend the Osseous Frame).

REVENANT FAMILIES

Here, briefly, are the revenant families in service to
the Tzimisce and their family Disciplines. For more
information, see Libellus Sanguinis 1: Masters of the
State.

* The Bratovitch are bestial shock troops and
hunters. They may learn Animalism, Potence and
Vicissitude

© The Grimaldi are merchantsand spies. They may
learn Celerity, Dominate and Fortitude.

* The Khavi are the mysterious servants of the
ancient Tzimisce Methuselah known as Byelobog the
White God. They may learn Animalism, Obfuscate

and Vicissitude

* The Krevacheski are scholars, inventors and
tinkerers. They may learn Auspex and Dominate

* The Obertus are monastic scholars, clerics and
librarians. They may learn Auspex, Obfuscate and
Vicissitude.

© The Szantovich are spies and courtly infiltrators.
They may learn Auspex, Presence and Vicissitude.

* The Vlaszy are knights and cavaliers. They may
learn Animalism, Potence and Presence.


Most Holy Father and Eminence,
[Pm sure this letter will come as no surprise to you, but please
allow me to express the shock and fear that T have come to experi-
ence while doing the Church's will in the Godforsaken lands beyond

its dominion, The mere fact that 1 suggest such a thing might

sound like heresy, but Your Eminence surdy suspects the dire nature

of the Cord's flock if he has 30 wisdly sent me to compile evidence
of the Adversary's presence in the world.

And the Adversary is indeed present. T have listened to the un-
abashed testimonies of the Albigensians, condemning us for our
wealth. I have witnessed the ignorant and misled lay preachers of
the Vaudois, tempting their flocks to heresy, 1 transcribed part of
the confessions of the unrepentant "rater Vermis," and Tt adjudi-
cated upon the witch-burnings in the Pyrenees. With my tired cyes, I
have seen a thousand times the wickedness of the common man, and
yet, all it takes for the Adversary te claim ong common man is his
momentary lapse of faith or the briefest of weaknesses in. times of
tumult. Man makes the world wicked with bis origmal sin, and those
who would exult that sm for their own comfort danm their fallows.

All of these, however, are sins and heresies already condenmed by
the Church, We have long known and opposed the various faces of
the Cathari, the witches and the godless who indulge m sin. A now
breed of heretics bas arisen, though, which my research indicates
might not be so new at all, and yet, our dogma has yet to record
any sanction against then. Hear this plea with mercy, Your Holiness.
Invoke the Word of God against the cults of blood that scar the
land like a lepers sores.

These cults venerate the blood that fills our bodes and that of
animals. The participants glut themselves on the sanguine humor.


Their rites involve murder and lust. Some covens of cultists cavort
naked, streaked with blood, under the light of the full moon, while
others fornicate and offer themselves for the pagan priests to sate
themselves upon. And these Pagan priests — these are not always
barbarians or savages, as one would find in Spam, Ireland or the
eastern reaches of the Germanic lands, They are mon and women
a5 any other, who have treated with the Devil himself and bought
his favor with this blood. They consume no meat or fowl, subsist-
ingonly on the precious fluid —in open blasphemy agamst the holy
Eucharist! "The Adversary has also given them powers over the
temporal sphere: Some can control beasts or sway a man's loyal-
ties to themselves with an evil eye. Some can call down lightning;
some can lift a poor priest's cart over their heads, They widld
unholy miracles and call upon them at their whim,

At risk to my own immortal soul, I have spoken with several of
these demons (for demons they are, as the slightest touch of sun-
light burns their flesh and the purifying heat of flame drives them
mad with fear) in hopes of learning their secrets and arming my
brothers against them. Sometimes I escaped only by divine grace,
but most of these fiends knew what the doth nant and afforded
my station at least grudging respect. It is because of these ac-
knowledgments that I know such ereatures were once men, They
know the power of the Cord, and only in their conscious evil have
they chosen to forsake bim. In my travds among the Teutonic fol-
lowers of these cults, I have learned that they call themselves
vampyr, those who have returned from the dead and consume the
bloed of the living to survive, I have heard countless other appella-
tions, as wall, including "the shadows" in northern Italy and Spain,
the nosfe "bearers of plagues" of the Eastern lands and even war-


locks. It would seem that these various names apply to different
"ranks" of the creatures in. this epidenic cult of blood,

I describe it as a single, fractious cult of blood because I have
had chances to discuss the fiends' theologies with them, Pray, Your
Holiness, pardon my humble quill for penning such atrocities, but the
vampyr believe themselves to descend from Cam and net from Seth
and Methusdlah and Neah. As Cam slaw his brother, so too do these

vampyr murder the men among wie they dwell, taking their blood
to sustam their own existences. They rise at night, thirsty and venge-
ful, bending the world to their crul whims. Even united m their
abandonment of God, they feud with cach other, and on more than
ong occasion, I was delivered from the greedy fangs of one — and
they do bear fangs, Your Holiness! — and spirited into the night by
another who found amusement in your humble servant of God.

And "spirited" is a careful choice of words on my part, for they
are indeed spirits that can temporarily give themselves flesh. T have
seen them vanish completely before my very eyes, surely withdrawing
back to the Hell that spawned them, or flutter away with less body
than animated shadow,

In other cases, the mevitable slow rot of their temporary physical -
forms has taken its toll. Indeed, some have the look of corpses, while
others ave so advanced in age that what blighted flesh they can
conjure drips from their bodies. 1 estimate that they observe a tierar-
chy of heresy, with these most monstrous of simmers occupying the
highest ranks. Some may still even walk about by day — those new
to the heresy and not yet fully suffering God's righteous wrath.

These vampyr always seem to have purpose, as wall, though find-
ing it is a difficult trick at tines. I have seen whole villages in thrall


to the demons, due to the licentiousness of their women in the
past. A fellow of ming sent me a letter reporting that, in the
Bishopric of Krakow, the murdered Bishop Stanislaw has aban-
doned his body (for his bones are imterred at the cathedral on the
Wawel) and returned to tempt the good people of that it Sto-
ries like these abound, =.

And the stories T have heard! Som would seem vickculote: were
the fact that they spilled forth from these demons bilious mouths
any less truthful, T have heard of other "Cainites" quer the
clorgy, in the courts of kings and counts, marauding through the \
countryside, taking refuge among traders, Saracens and other un-
desirables. Quite frankly, these vampyr make it seem as if they are
everywhere.

It is not, then, uninformed that I make this recommendation to
you. T have read the proposals of Ugelinoe di Segni, upholding the
papal prerogatives, IT have admired the work of Fabrizio Ulfila,
suggesting the inquiro "seeking out" of heretics rather than waiting —
for complaints to surface agamst them, These are great men with
great ideas, as Tm sure a fellow great man such as Your Holiness
understands. I urge you, then, with great compassion, to make
your mark against these children of evil. If even half of the tales
are truc, then these vampyr might even walk among us tonight
and have our humors for ther meal, and no man of God would
have that for his flock.

In Nonine Patris,

Brother Bruno of Anwailer

Anno Doni 1215

ASHEN CULTS


Ashen
ullts

Drink of Me

We are the lords of this Dark Age, leading our flocks in the ways of the
blood. They gather round our altars and in our churches. They form covens
and cults in our honor. They are our worshipers, our slaves and our stock.
And we are their gods.

And @nter the Night

Ashen Cults is a complete guide to the dark faiths promulgated by Cainites
in the Dark Ages to promote their agendas, rule their domains and seek
their own enlightenment. From ghoul and revenant blood cults and twisted
Ventrue breeding stock to secret Malkavian orders and black churches,
everything you need to add strange servitors and fanatical devotion to your
chronicle is right here.

Ashen Cults includes:

© A complete system for creating cults for player characters;

© Details on the Cult of Mithras and the secretive House Goratrix;

¢ Expanded rules for the blood oath and other means of vampiric enslavement.
