# File: Autumn People.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


By Deirdre Brooks and Brian Campbell



Chapter One: Watching atthe Window
Chapter Two: The Chill of Winter

Oy, Chapter Six: The Powersof Autumn
Appendix: Infamous Dauntain



A ay
eee

EY ATE. i,' ah «Pe ee


withme. keep a friendship.
on the When we finally ran out

cific Coast F
the radio
My thr
had my

Hearne

One warm summer night, | found her,
Seeeo
little clique would
know why. We had pe

gat each other
ne. Their argu
be we were

much rime with Jack

than had. If concentrate h:
ion for me. He was

ber their faces.
tall. He walked with ich,
t i kindness was evident in every-

kind. On his

Arthur. We called him Fisblips. F x .
goal fis oss : } wn to the oceanside, I found a
* b ich. Fran, It-was like 1 was twelve

ain, [ wanted to see how high the

Arthur Fishh
ity that he c


I could find an island somewhere, a place where | could
sort out my feelings. I dreamt of a paradise as real as my
mother's garden, and I dreamt of the tropical breeze
flowing out to the sea. I closed my eyes.

SSeee

She was laughing as the swing carried her to impossible
heights. It was as if she had no concern for her own safety.
She almost seemed to break free of the earth, as though
something within her could not be bound by gravity.

I slipped.

1 was stunned. She was simply not possible. Her
laughter was unreal. I felt envy for the happiness she
radiated, and I feltan admiration for the aura of freedom
she carried around her. With it came the desire to
protect her, to prevent her from getting hurt.

She fell.
SSSSES

I was bleeding into the sand. The scent of the ocean
hung oppressively in the air. The pain made me wince,
and my skin chafed as I tried to brush the sand off the
bloody stains on my cotton dress.

He stopped my hands.

Carefully, he took a handkerchief from his back
pocket and tied it around the cut on my arm. Word-
lessly, he picked me up and carried me to his car.
Methodically, he fetched a first aid kit from the trunk of
his car, and he cautiously tended to the cut.

My heart stopped. I looked up sweetly, smiled, and
brushed the hair out of his eyes. Then I descended into
the deepest, longest kiss I had ever experienced.

SSSSe

Three months later, I woke up in the middle of the
night and turned to see her lying beside me. It all seemed
so impossible. How could something so wonderful hap-

ewas flighty and unpredictable, irresponsible

reliable, but every night, we slept in the same bed

in my cheap apartment. Every morning, my first thought
was how lucky I was to wake up next to her.

SSSOS

Each day was bliss. Every action I took each day was
out of my love for him. I was obsessed. When I cooked
apot of rice for dinner, I thought of how wonderful our
next dinner by candlelight would be. When I sorted his
socks from the laundry, I thought of how they would
keep his feet warm.

When I washed the sheets, I couldn't stop smiling.

Isometimes thought about my friends back in Santa
Cruz, but it became harder to remember their faces as
the months went by. On humid summer days, I'd fan
myself by the window and look out at the horizon.


I don't know where it went wrong.

Each day, I went off to work. Every day, I was
overjoyed to see her at home. It all seemed perfectly
natural to me. I would buy her little things to keep her
happy. I saved up for a stereo, made a down payment on
atelevision, and walked with her through the shopping
mall to pick out things for our apartment. | wanted to
provide her with a home that would make her happy.

And every day, she seemed a little more uncomfort-
able. I still had hopes that things would get better. Why
wasn't it working? I thought of my parents, secure in
their house in Colorado after thirty years of marriage.
Somehow, this just wasn't the same.

We grew cold. We would sit in the same room,
trying not to hear each other breathe. The candlelit
dinners gave way to TV dinners, and the romantic
evenings gave way to sitcoms and lassitude.

SSSSe

Ten years later, I sit by the window of the kitchen
and look out at the back yard. He spends more and more
time away from home. Our first year together seems like
another life. The rose garden I planted is struggling to
survive. For years, I've tried everything to help them
along, but] don't have the green thumb my mother had.

When I look out the window, I have trouble con-
centrating. It usually isn't very long before the telephone
tings or the baby cries. The television drones in the
corner to keep away my loneliness.

I never know when he's going to come home. He
often stays out late, and I never really know whether or
not he's going to come home drunk.

I watch the autumn leaves fall by my window, and
I try to remember the faces of old friends.

SSSoe

I've given her everything I can. Even when I tell her
I love her, it makes little difference. If I didn't love her,
how can she explain all the years I spent saving up for
our house? How can she explain everything I've given
her? I've done everything my father told me, and I've
tried to make my home just like the one my parents had.
Nothing makes her happy.

I'm drunk, but I'm warm, I crush the autumn leaves
under my feet as | stumble through the night. | don't
want to go home.

SSeee

Jack came to my door last night.

I hadn't seen him in ten years. He walked with the
same slouch he always had, and his hair still hung over
his eyes. There was something odd about him.

He looked as though he hadn't aged a day.
1 offered him a glass of wine and invited him inside.
He sat nervously on the couch, as old friends often do




TI

Y
y

<

a EY AE. <a ath. C.P— ae) Oe

i
i}

f



sanitize the minds of dreamers reject the spring. To
them, the silent falling of the leaves of autumn is far
more musical than the singing of birds in the springtime
The crushing of brittle leaves is far more satisfying than
the weaving ands. They are the hollow men. They
are empty men,

‘They are the Autumn People

The Innocents

The average Autumn Person, on his own, is at best
nor nuisance. You can see them in many forms
ther who takes away a child's comic books

yy'te "trash," the boss who doesn't und

and don't hope. The mere fact that
ers makes the eraftin
re difficult task. Living ina world wh

sires are denied again and again hardens us as

block joy and trust from our lives to lessen the pain
The hollow men are the leaders in any flock of
conformists. They're a shining example to the people
uund them of the triumph of conformity over vision.
ay inline. Obey. Follow, Trust us. We know what's best
you. The walking wounded who follow them lose the
wall oflee from the pack instincts thahave been burned

follow the Children

their souls. The sleepers who
Autumn People are even more determined to keep them
asleep. Indfiance, the dreamers who deny the life of the
Autuma People live in a lucid waking dream, caughe in
There are also children of Autumn whose mindsare
tterned by stasis thae they can blind the mind's eye

the most imaginative of Dreamers. Unaware of their

ng hope, sapping will and

The Gognoscenti

The people of Autumn who know of the existence
he supernatural are far more effective than the Inno

cents Life brings them pain, and they seek release, The

fhe are a mystery to them, aad they answer with destru

tion, cleansing the world of joy. Among their numb

e grandiather of deprogramming imagination, a visi

ary yet deviant scientist named Dr. Anton Stark

Irroovcriow


Hisfirstv
another world. To her d
forshe believed she lived ina world whe
She told stories of her vivid life: she da
played with pooka, and knew trolls a
was clear to Dr. Stark thar her "dan;

had to be stopped. If fantasy was the disease, reality was
the cure. He slowly shattered her dreams, rati
away her fairy tale with psychological couns
reason and arrogant conde
ion her childhoods end,

Stories of his techniques live on in infamy among
changelings. The fae refer to any soldier of co ty

dMlows in Stark's f

Many of the Kithain don'e realize a darker truth: The
Dauntain are actually kin to the fae. They burn with
faerie blood. Each Dauntain once had the potentia
break through the Chrysalis, but the wo
each of them that opportunity. Trau
nightmares and pain have made them what they are
They reject their fae nature, deny their own Glan
and strike out at an uncaring world. Once all Glan
is gone, their suffering will end

one of the Dauntain.

inpiles. They ready
com the

They rejoiceas the leaves tumb
the flames of twisted reason to b
world, and they prepare for the comin

The Passing of Seasons

mn spirituality
of Winter

This is the-way the world ends.
This is the way the world ends
This is the way the world ends,
Nov wit but a whimper
T.S. Eliot, "The Hollow Men"
The World of Darkness that
the race of the fae was not abw
world had the ener
was alive and magical is cattied on the
breeze. The spring of the world was called the Mythic
Age,a time when magic and myth were real. The practi
tionersof magic cared for humanity, and the fae practiced
their magic ¢ The fair folk walked along the crods
the Tellurian and Areadia with impunity. The
‘magical places in the world bi ing faeries

to "shallow" inte fanciful became real

alms where
The demesnes of the medieval Kithain were as real as the
brilliance of sunlight and as vital as the
flowers

aroma of

Asspring tumed to summer, the x
the world, The
the controversy of conflicting philosophic
ss has an inherent disulvani
at potential is one

Reason descended

naries who dared toseek out the boundaries
of what the world could
have been. The limiting stasis of reason sundered the
Glamour of magic from 1 fexistence.
As the schism between the real and the fantastic
ner turned to Autumn, The fae felt
magic passing from the world. Mythic creatures, starving
for the energy that fueled magic, shuffled off to the
the Earth or passed gently into nonexist
ence. Other creatures, creatures of the night, felt a
athy with the drawing of the darkness and manip
As the power of the fae faded,
sind misery of the Restlessand
he world

srew wider,

lated it to their own ends,
of the sad

the Damned reshape
Now, in Autumn, the power of Dreaming has been
welings is denied by
hing. Science de

forgotten, and the Glamour of chi
the empty logic that pervades ever
fines the boundaries of reality. Realism is the order of the
day. Even without th
reinforced by institutions and beliefs that teach us that

ce of the supernatural, reality is

creativity is impractical and thar survival requires us to.
relinquish our hopes and dreams.
Winter is close at hand, Shadows grow longer and
+t. The fae huddle around the balefires

own troops. The Seelie
ship, offering hospital

e peet through

vom as they fall into introspec-
ey have already conquered a
he soulless depths of their

ion and rejoice that
darker night by explon
Black hearts. The fae are far fr
see the turning of the seasons for what it is.

The Fire of !magination

The Kithain are hopefuls they ready themselves for

» unprepared, for they can

batrle. The mystique of cantrips.are their weapons of war,
They flee the confining walls of offices
roam in search of adventure. They raise their voices in
songs and ballads, singing of an ideal w

1d schools to

where love is
truc, justice is sure, and beauty is everywhere, For a

sin isolation and n

work their magic right, the people around them can, if
only fora little while, break the threads of Banality that
bind them.
Seckin
children within
the Autumn Pe

issand holding on to hope: these keep the
alive. Shut out the droning voices of
je. Warm yourself by the fire of your
inns n and see the Autumn People for who they
really are

Stoke the hearthfire. Winter is coming.





The Testimony of Arthur
Fishlips

"cough!* *cough!* Excuse me. An excessof phlegin
can't help it — Lam, by nature, a phlegmatic person. |
have to be

So you want 1o wage war against mundanity? Forgive
ime for saying so, but [believe that if you're going to win,
those rose-colored glasses of yours aren't going to do you
‘much good. Look around you, and perhaps I can show you
the world I see.

Goodbye

I lost a good friend of mine some time ago. She and
Inever really say eye to eye, but she respected me for who
Iwas. You never would have thought the two of us were
friends. Sarah and I and the rest of out little clique all
lived near the University for about six months. The
centerof our hopes, the focal point of ouraspirations, was
alime-green 1972 Volkswagen bus. I liked it because the
color was 0 virulently offensive: Sarah liked it because it

so bright, We all ly worshipped it, because
any lull in classes or perceived tragedy in our lives was a
good excuse for a road trip.

When she was 17, she was the most open-minded
person I knew. The fact that Thad the fashion sense of a
Jobotomised rae didn't bother her in the slightest. She

wore her tie-dye shirts with the grace of her sidhe heri-
tage, and I wore my mohawk and plaid wich the pride of

any true punk, She never kept the same boyfriend for
longer than a week, she could fall in love at the drop of a
hat,and her mood swings mada raging typhoon look like
an afternoon calm. We were young and stupid, driving
along the California coast and raising merry hell wher-
ever we went

LU hear she's married now with two kids, She lives in
a quiet little home outside of some nasty litle town in
Northern California. San Something-or-Other, a typical
suburban hell where The Donna Reed Show isthe paragon
of family life. | imagine she spends her days worrying

cher she's found all the tight coupons in the
per, whether the child:

she's cooked, and whether her hus
drunk again.

Where does it all beg!
have to come to an end?

Childhood

‘When I think of what my parents told me when I was
I chink of all the ritual phrases. "Keep your hands
+0 yourself! Sertle down!" The best things in life are the

? Why does the dreaming

worms and snails were all off-limits. After all, 1

"know where they'd been!" My dad always said that 1

didn't have enough sense to come in out of the rain. 1
jidn't have enough sense to come out into

Thar's where it all begins. All the best things in life
are called childish — cartoons, comic books, games.
even make-believe. Children are the only people who
realize how powerful "make believe" really is. Change-
lings know the truth: We all play make believe. Look at
a guy walking in a suit to work, or some happy employee
behind the countera O'Tolley's. I watch and learns they
look back atme like I'm some kinda freak. Banality makes
us forget that we all play roles. If you cake your life too
seriously, you forget the unlimited potential you have.

Children don't give in to the tedium of life. They
don't define their lives by their jobs or let themselves get
trapped in regret. The most serious humans forget that
throwing off the pain is as easy as dancing a jig in the
moonlight or letting out an elaborate belch. Unfortu-
nately, propriety discourages us from doing such things.
Parents teach us all the things we shouldn't do. Girls are
supposed to be ladylike, boysare taught to hide how they
feel, and all kids are told to "act their age." I think the
grown-ups are just envious. Children have inexhaustible
energy and enthusiasm, and adults exhaust themselves
trying to condition ir out of them.

Other kids can be much worse about it than adults
In any large gathering of children, all the "normal" kids

ther and reaffirm how normal they are. [twa
was even worse for my friend Jack. He
he was really a troll, But he was always at least four
inches taller than any other kid in class. If he cried to
cand up straight, other people would get nervous, 0 b
took on a permanent slouch. He kept his voice real low
and lowered his eyes.

I never saw him walk without @ slouch until he met
other trolls, When agroup of trolls get together away from
all ehe people who ridicule them, they finally act proud of
who they are, Until then, they're like any other kids
ashamed of who they aze. That's where Banality begins.
You hide, conform, or you stand tal.

When you live like that, you don't want to see the
magic around you. It hurts. Anyone who has thac magic
automatically has something you don't. When Autumn
People are confronted with magic, pare of them wishes it
away, don't blame them, Change isthe essence of magic,
and when you see reality change drastically in front of
you it reminds you of all che ways the world can change
without you, Wignessing Glamour involves admitting

the world can be much different from the safe world

and it's some-


Changelings realize how much
how it is

school.

High School

The social pat
ges. If | hadn't



Lose Love

Is he gone
Hiltm Runciste! Oon'c be coo
nard judging of Fishhips. Nes re

ally nor a bad guy. De jase hure
ahevle because of che way his life
has gone. If anice sensible pooka
like me wasn'c around co. cheer
him up. hed drife nco che Greac
Gloom Tike anyone else

De really shouldn have fallen
for Sarah che way he did. Oh, has
he cold you chac? Sarah, our
deleccable elf, was his firse love
He never cold her, bux | could
cell, Thac's jase pare of hfe. We
yo chrough 1. One person de
comes @ wonderful, shining
cxample of beaury and goodness
in che world, due when we find
our the real world doesn live up
xo the way we see Romance, che
tues ac our eyes grow
chicker

OF course, a pooka alway
bounces right back, but a sluagh?:
They fike co duiell on che mun:
fane a lieele voo much, They vc
jor such a cusced definicion oF
eaacy thax chey lke co wallow

Thac's why Tin hiding chese
carrocs my big aparemene, One mn
che freezer, one mn his socks, one
in his underwear drawer — and
heres che sign. FINO. Thc
CARROTS!

Oone cell him 1 wa!

Guapren One: Warcwine at Tae Winoow



cycles, process checks, process flows, proce
all be summed up in five words. Conform, conform, con-
form, conform, conform,

Don't think, don't hope, d
taboo subjects. Don't t

se you might off e personal

do your job, and get out. If you're really

Il stare to mold

'tdream, Don't talkabout

formity. Everything you
of respectability sd up in
formal clothes. A suit is juse another type of make-believe,
exceprthat over time, youbecome that ole. Allhe feelings
you have about your job become complications th
have to put aside. Your emotional feelings — like being
trapped —don'thave reasons attached to them, so youhave
tosetthemasid all, those emotionsare harmful tothe
workenvironment! Your feelings are sor
set aside to do your jc
emotions yo
empow

Every day will be Autumn. [ll
fe from any bad emotions, safe
s,andanything that's new ordiffere
cay so that I can keep up
me everyday, feel thesame

shit I don't need. Then |
the world, sit in my
en, Of course, ifyoudon't make

apartment filled wi
out all the possibility
and stare back aca TV scx
it, you'll be bitter and living in a shity li
like mine. If the Autumn People get to
's waiting for you.
Lfightand lose. hope, andhopedies

Hearthfire

There isa way out, It waits in the Dreaming. Itburns
in your faerie blood.

Ifyou have the right clique behind you and can keep
the hearthfire burning, you can survive against the cold.
Ifyoucan resist he conformity and keep warm, if you can
fight of the webs that constrict you and keep your imagi-
nation alive, you can survive.

You know what? I'm really tired of them looking at
re like I'm a freak. I know that they're the real freaks.

‘want to limit your freedomand trap your
ied old ladies with their b

‘who say that you're sinful, the uptight parents who label
cy pe © condemn sex
they look like the freakish
see the Autumn h

as they go... who started t:
kindls of Autumn Peop! acopy
ih, here it is. Under the carrot.

Carrot?




In the early years of humankind, Banality did not
exist everything
‘wasrew,so the fae who lived alongside humans were never
withour a source of Glamour. There was no need for
Ravaging, for there was plenty forall.

‘As time passed, more and mot
by the Dreamers, andasit wasnamed, Glamour was tied up
into these names, for names have power. This did not
readily reduce the Glamour available to the fae, nor was
the effect truly noticed for a long period of time.

Over the centuries, the fae were humanity's constant
companions. To doubt che existence of the fae would be to
deny the sun or the moon. Many bumans saw the fae as gods
or goddesses, for they had much power in those days. But
gradually, beliefs and attitudes shifted. Religions died and

woones arose co rake theie place. People became no longer
satisfied to accept a supernatural explanation for all they
sav If they were, ic was from a limited number of sources,
such as the Christian God or Devil and theie minions. The
ply not needed as they had been in ages past.

Soon, technology arose. Ac first, since this was the first
truly new concept in millennia, there was much Glamourto
be gained from new discoveries, But these scientists
did not accept or desire the existence of the fae, and their
lackofbeliefharmed manyaf those feedingon the Glamour
created by thei inspirations. It wasalmostas ifthe Glamour
the fae were drawing from these individuals' creations was
actually burning them. Of course the reason for this is
‘obvious now, Perhaps if we had approached things differ-
‘ently, things wouldn't have tumed out as badly as it did.
Al \ere is no way to know how th
changed, so there is no point crying over crushed pe

These Kithain were hurt by the Glamour which
drew from the rational men and won
simply left the scientists alone, but afew tried to find away
towork with this energy without harm. These were among
che first Dauntain. In fact, itis suspected these individuals

of reality was named

or theirstudentsare manipulating entire societies in order
roiincrease Banality. Ridiculous? Possibly. But take a close
the world around you, then decide.

Science and technology did not themselves cause
Banality to rise. It was the point of view of those who
4 these disciplines which gave it more poner.
tists willing and able to accept, even welcome, con-
cepts and theories outside of those chey are taught tend to
be lesshanal than those who try to explain all they see wich
a limited set of rules. Indeed, any rules are ultimately
constraining and may lead toa genera increase of Banality
among those who adhere to them.
Science provided humanity with explanations forall
the litele things once ascribed to the supernatural. Diseases

‘were not curses, they were simply microbes. Bad weather

Twe Autumn Peopie

was not caused by wrathful gods, but by the way the wind
blew, the climate, the season and numerous other
Suddenly, everyone came to view the workings of the
world in che same way. Very few were willing to contradict
"known facts," and this too gave way to more Banality
The faehave alwaysbeen dependent upon humanity's
beliefand creativity, burbelief was quickly fading. Instead,
they built upon the foundations laid by the scientific and
religious communities of the Renaissance, reinforcing and
expanding old views,
‘What did all chis meant Ie dido't just mean that the
hain were no longer wanted, nt th
longer needed. Humanicy wasdoing or themselveswhat the
Kithain had taught chem so many millennia ago. This was
truly unbearable to the sidhe, Rather than face this defeat,
the sidhe abandoned humanity to their own devices. Many
of the common kith chose to stay on Earth, but with the
rising tide of disheliefand Banality, they had to finda way to
survive: a means which came to be known as the Chrysalis
With all che trods to the Dreaming closed, ic was the only
choice. Those who stayed and underwent che rieual were
born and reborn into human lives over many centuries.
Jv 1969, the United Stas landedaspace capsule on the
moon, and the flow of Glamour focused by years of science
fiction tales and the expectations of humankind forgeda tod
to Arcadia. This resulzed in a huge influx of sidhe from five
uses. Have all of them surfaced? 1 seriously doubt it.
Considering their vulnerability to Banalicy, many of these
uunfortunates are likely still stuck in their human seemings,
This was a brief, fragile hope, for soon afterward the
slowed toa crawl und the strengch of Banaliry
Kithain I knew
of the coming Winter doubled and
‘Among the most notable of these

redoubled themsely
ns, unfortunately, is that the number of Dauntain has
seemed to have increased greatly in the last 25 years,
Thearrival of Winter isa time feared, hated and often
ignored in hopes it will go away. Many Kithain are aware
that when Winter arrives, theit lives, their fears, every-
thing they know and hold dear will be stripped from them,
leaving only a barren, gray landscape for the humans to
celebrate their dry science. It is net without reason the
Kitha ightened by the future and will do anything
they can to stop it, or at least mitigate its effect on them,
Many Kithain hold the belief that Winter will herald
the end ofall meaning in the world: an Armageddon of the
soul which will annihilate all creativity and magic remain-
ing in the universe, leaving nothing to inspire or change,
This loss will not be a bang, but a whimper. We will merely
gradually wakein ourbeds, with nomemoryofwhoand what
we are. Finally, the last of us will be gone and there will be
no memory of our passing, as Banality steals even that.
A fewhereticsbelieve that Winter (and Banality) will
not destroy the Kithain: i will simply banish them back to

i>


will
would they take in one of us
who is utterly tainted with the gray thoughts of humanity?
(Supposing, of cour en that f
‘One belief which is not widely held, but
popularity as the time approa
wm, will

s belie

world is of cycles, that juse

longer depends upon Kithain, mortals must move

astage anipulated by and depend on no

one, including — the Prodigals. To them,

Winter will b atime
mto that their true potential is. Whe

the humans will invite the fae to return, but

e humans wil be the teachers,

time is pro

f, most view Winter with much.
trepidation and fear. They would rather stave off the
Autumn as ic is now and bring back the halcyon
Springand Summer. Winter is death: death without

Ultimately,

When confronted with
 Kithain will asl

some power from Banality. Moreaccurately,
id speculate they draw power from the destruction

Jamage they
ing. This, as well as what they do, is directly

to the means by which they betrayed their heri

A typical Dauntain is born of d

in his own
can dispel anything which doesn't fi into
Ie would be damnably difficult
uuraround sucha fea

om the average A\

his belief systen
anything with Gla
How is this different 2
‘An extremely banal human can definitely make it more
difficult to work with Glamour, but the Dauntain can
actively suppres it.


roy Glamour, Kithain and chi
fined by w Das himerical it
then they
not alwaysa ut the
» finds herself si

Chimera and Banality

28 ‘Tue Autumn Peopis


The Abandoned

These are the el
Many may have been
once the Kithain (or human!) forgets they exist, they
sometimes lose a vital connection with Glamour. In
most cases, chimera simply vanish back into the Dream-
ing, However, for some reason the Abandone
to survive this loss. In onder to survive, chey must take
Glamour wherever they can find it. This, of course,

he banal grip on them, but that isn't
‘crosses these starved creatur

Often these chimera might have been the
typal "monsters under the bed," forgotten when their
childling finally aged: born of fantasiesand ideals which
are no longer held close by the person who created
them. Like these fantasies, they are no longer important
to those who gave chem life

‘Therapy: It might be possible toaccept one ofthese
tragic orphans and give it the attention and caring it

s Voracious appetite, though thiscould be

extremely difficult to accomplish.

Celadyr
This poor chimera was once a playmate to the Seelie
incess May of Hi luned. They were insepa-
atall times, always getting into one form of trouble
or another. Magda swore an oath of undying friendship

and love to her "imaginary" friend, even to the point of
courting her thumb and mixing nod with Celady
Celadyrwas always fun to play with because he could take
any form she desired, so he could be anyone or anythi
Heeven knew tricks to make Magda look different, ifonly
to other Kithain and chimera.

upa bit —she became
a wilder. e with others her age, but
Celadye didn Where before they were best

her was not extremely harmful. Ir was still enough
to influence her in ways she never expected, but that's
another story...

Poor Celadyr,
side like an old, worn,

the oath, sworn on blood, was part
nce meaning.
yal, he set out to teach the
lesson: Never forget an
mattet how lightly given. Despite be
d not bear co take re
gan with the othe


s everywhere
idyr will com
nnough that it

isbest to punish oathbreakers

ak an oath, This could b
se his Kenning te
em first

ight break an oath

‘nan oath), he will use

Banality
Attac

The Malicious

conule their li

old mar
n him that he erodes


There is very little one can do with these other than

pt to destroy them before they wreak untold havo:

upon the society of the Kithain. Given time and num

ything the Kithain have
which feed them,

y could tear down ev:
mply to satisfy the fea
Some have proposed one possible tactic of dealing
with these monsters: pointing them at Dauntain
Dauntain are still Kithain and possess Glamour (how-
ever meager that Glamour may be). Perhaps their
respective tendencies would tend to cancel each
out... or so the theory goes. This ha be tested
practice, as neither Dauntain nor t ra have

ide manifest. They may or may not havea physica
but in all cases, they are based on some emotion whi
sm. They are much like Nervosa, except in that
they are always related co strong, banal moo
Therapy: No means of "curing" these chimera has
yetbeen discovered. Ithas been postulated that Kithain
ng enough Glamourand Willpower who ge
together may be able to stand against one, They perhar
could even destroy it, through sheer force of will.

Icewyrm

This chimera is ad the collective
hatred of several Dauntain who had sought rodestroy Caer
Flamingo in the Kingdom of White Sands, While their
actempr failed, and they were slain in the process, cheit
focused hatred subsequently created this being,

He seems co have no purpose other than to slay
Kithain and destroy their homes. He simply flies, seare
ing, until he finds his intended target.
exhaling an icy blast which solidifies any Glamo

hes into crystalline ice and shatter.
course, invisible to normal humans

His breath bums like cold iron, his eyes seem co be cut
from a glacier, and his always accomp:

appearance is that of a very angular dragon

if they have been b
Attributes: Strength 6,
sma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 5, Perception 3
elligence 2, Wits 4
Abilities: Brawl 4, Breath 5
Glamour: 9
Willpow

xige 5, Flight 4

Cunpren Two: The Cane or Wintes 37



eath of the Ieewyrm can have
he may attempt to destroy

ay roll its Banality

lamour (in the case

double the frechold rating). Each success
merical structures for ten square feet. This

uponaKithain

de
| difficulr co build and therefore exceptionally rare.
The tray Sword

4 The chinnerical snore hdgvie crusty or danintne

Unforcunately, it ha
J is rumored to curses
of the Dauntain,

SirLiam Wormwood, sidhe knight, nentinghis
lover lost to Banality

I becoming Dauntain could be considered a fate
worse than death, the Undoing is th
than that, The Kithain who exp



ssproblem.
in will infect
the poor
she is lost warmful, | am happy to say that these
+h Kithain lost is yet
id the
ad to free
posible
h them out
find one.

thy which wen st r sually a cause for great ce

uusall. The best wa i a : into Kitha



Ta ata


The Glassificatio

hree comme
wy Sleeper. All huma
them all the time,

ability ro u
him, He ne
the crue wo
known as Autumn Fae,
existence of magic, they

flocks of Heavy Slee
ir actions. The tragic


That's understandable. Humans usually a
powerful as most heroes in the S
» but whether you

make a game more exotic
stranger by contrast. Without them, a game slowly loses
touch with th ld," and the proliferation of high-
powered characters Changeling is not a
high-power e. Although some groups can play itas

nuisance. The Story
ads of how to

capped on Earth still have an occasional need of
assistance. Medical aid, research assistance andeven,

of extremely low Banality have been known tc
threshold into the Dreaming, clatively s
when a human regai memorie
encounters with the fae 0%

toa changeling finds out too mu
the opt fc



of dyna
their distan'

ay torestore the confidence
Here, then, ate six such adversaries to start you of...


plish vantage
ntially have

amount
fhaege might ens




Gunprer Tunee: Garuenine Leaves





wa
N,

SA BY ‘
FALD

a Ey A <~m' a ay 7. ae


The Dauntain, much like the Aucumn People, — Kithain forthe shee
icy with them as if it were a k They — Ohno, don't be

certain that aunts where
their resemblance to the Autumn P nds. Where
the Autumn People are like

9

a

perience which
newly emerged
Like a drown

ya)

of reference wh
I consid < the in geab. This is usually their
Bedlam and ntring tL ly, thy

fs

In many
ro Banality. fa of all things

1,

nsumed and
sm because they

Bo
rejected the br


that they understand what they are really doing. Typi
ymbolism around

y actual

cally, they develop some for
their actions which may or may not

hain go this ther than simply

Banality they embrace? Because the

ions of a mythic forces, atherfacets,

pal hero. Anything Kithain does has a

nce. Ifa Kithain curns to Banality he will nor

Ithough thar fate eventually awaits

him, bur he will go down in the style of fallen magi-

nd. Ir's tied into the halance of

sswhich make upthe Daunrain; Banaliry drives

im toannihilace wond

ever possible, bur the Glamour allows him to urilize
these forces without being destroyed by them

least for a time,

curiosity, and magic when

No true Kithain — including Dauntain — e
does anything in a small way. Ifone chooses to fall it
d trip down, On that

BEM will be a spectacularly doon
®, as many as possible

B jour

Despite appearances, Banality is neitherconscions
nor malicious. It is simply the
dishelief of normal humans.
human belief ha

"negative belief" or "anti-belief." Iris simply a belief
in concepts other than those which empower the
Kithain, This is not evil, simply evolution of thought
as humans outgrow their need for mythic tales and
magic. Unfortunately, humankind may 0
stand what they are giving up by abandoning the sense
of wonder and magic they had as children. Peshaps, in
avery real sense, che future of the Kithain lies in the

he children

ief is not

hearts and minds

How Do Dauntain Come To Be?

BB for many yoarss whar causes a perfectly normal ch:
BBB ins co reject the life, light and soul of the Dreau
Why slo they allow themselves to he

jow do they survive the transformation into a
y-filled shadow of their former selves?

ed our

The easiest answer is tosay thereareas many ways,
there are Dauntain. Howe
with su

n't he fair of
simplistic answer.
The follows ails several Dauntain Pye

avels. Each Dauntain, like all orher
is unique. Her story defines her exist:
nin her fall. She is not
mold. She is (or

okie-cutter foe
s) Kithain and this

Some say shat in becoming Dauntain; a change-
ling must face herself in as

pd will
sa struggle of thoughts, ideas
ilosophies as the changeling's Banality gains «
measure of independence. Others say that this is sim
ply ridiculous and that Dauntain are born, not made,
They argue th: there are Seelie and Unseelie,
the Dauntainare simply Kithain who represent Banal-
ity. They insist that the fallen are a necessary evil
reminding the Kithain of the loss they all face. This is,
id to be a defeatist argument by many grumps, who are
alraid that this is true. To be fait, !ean only
| have no evidence for or against either story.
Many believe that the Dauntain herald the com-
ing Wincer
signs. Only
The most her
that Dauntain are simply the
evolution. They claim that this iste
the face that Dauntain are beginning to form their own
Arts and Realms from the stuif of Banality. Gi
ime, the Dauntain will ourouraber the Kithair
willserve asa repository for their race until the Winter
ack to
imply

asole harbinger, butasone of many
optimistic
ical of all Kithain espouse the view

enerally dispute this

ext stage of changeling
ed obvious by

passes and Spring comes, bringing Glamour
the world, The less optimistic view is that the

herald the end of all Kithain.
The Dauntain Dooms

There are as many different ways for a star to fall
as there are paths in the sky. Therefore, no two
Dauntain will be exactly the Even so
those of the same kith will share similarities, tt
varieties of Dauntain with more in common than not
This is not to say | can eategor
existence, can, however, provid
describes the method to their

1 every Dauntain in

The common causes of the Dauntain's fall we call

their Doms, cheir dark fa follow some of the
deseription of their o
appeat to other Kithain and w

attitudes toward other Dauntain would be. This last is,
merely a possible insight into their motives. Lam noc
certain that they will react this way; it simply seems

most likely

their outloc


hat? Excuse me? You say I'm crazy because [done
wnsense? I think we'd becter have a talk about what's
«°s not, right now
The firstand most common means by which a changeling
falls isa denial of his fav nature, Human one day and Kithain
the next, he experienced a Chrysalis with no Kithain around
jc his way. He could nor aecepr it. His mind could not
handle the sudden change in realities, the loss of a firm
grounding in what he believed to be truc
library sat, today a ca:
guardian lions now liv
the human mind to handle.

it Chrysalis. When.
will often treat him as a particul
nn Person with more than their usual
are of Banality. When they are identified, the
d to be the definition of the Dauntain: B:
d Kithai nt on destroy
ily, the changed perceptions would not

presenta difficulty to the average Kithain. Either he
would retreat into his semi

tinetively accept w

ifhe rea

case occurs wit ns i ne core of his
being, he rejects what he sees as absolutely unreal.

He chooses Banality. Rather than face the wonder of

ew world, he withdraws into the comfort of the old.

This is not like the retr hich 0 forgetfulness an
eventual reawakening. embrace. Because the
Dauntain has not lost his knowledge of Glamour, such as it is,
he can still see it, feel

This becomes:

and so he seeks to deste

‘es to be utterly insane, their world suddenly

turned topsy-turvy. Everything they know is not only utterly
dicts everything they see now. To avoid this,

ta fantasy world around themselves, which is
ironically, as close to their perception of the "real"
world as possible. The Dauntain now believes
that he has discovered some form of insanity
which he must stop. Quite often, this desire tc
fight the madness extends to any Kithain he
encounters. To this end, he will go to amazing
lengths simply t0 remove any K

‘Tue Autumn Peorur






making a habit of slaying Kithain, or really any
conscious activity (not simple exposure) which
can result in an increase of Banality
This isa doomed path simply because it never
ovides all that the Dauntain seeks, yethe al
feels that he has nearly reached his goal. He is
almost always Undone before he finally arrives at
ion, Unfortunately, this Dauntain
damage to Kithain society before hi
slain or devoured by the forces he wields in his
mad quest for gratification. He is consumed by
paranoia and hatred as his hunger carries him
along darker and darker paths. Shortly after he
begins curni his closest companions will

be suspect in his eyes. He will remove any poten-

tial chreat to his power as he rampages through the
world.

Despite all this, the Black Magician is the most
epicofall Dauntain, Hisquestisa trulyanti-heroicone
ashe seeks that which he can never have andl deste
all that he should treasure. For the Black Magicia
succeed is ultimately to fail. His salvation lies in show-
ing him the damage he's done and convineing him te
renounce his power madness

Appearance
To Kithain, the Black Magician appears sinis-
terandmenacing. Heseemsto loom in the darkness
as shadows gather about him like moths toa flame.
His voice takes on a chilly, foreboding note which
tends to make Kithain — even the sidhe — shiver
at the sound.

ir faith. Oddsare, ity

within their terms, they won't

10 some Prodigal
aperties.


mal

Autumn


— the fact that she also
and their chimera is only a

thin her seeming,
and


e By ASS



once? Ho

stand so mi

Appearance
Of all the Dauntain, the Typhoids vary most
widely. One who associated with vampires might
become pale and gaunt, with red eyesand the hint of
fangs, while one who wasexposed to Aucumnn People
may appear to be perfectly normal. A normal hu-
that is.

Use of Cantrips

Many of the Dauntain still use eantrips,
though often in an altered from. Each of the
different Dooms have different beliefs on the
.d below.

use of cantrips, discus
Though most Dauntain ean use cantrips, they
must abide by differenc rules for their use. As

in order for the

option of sper of temporary Banality
in order to not have to draw a Bunk. Bunks are
usually anathema to most Dauntain, and they will
do anything to avoid chem. For the purposes of
ng cantrips, temporary Banality should be
ecorded as temp Glamour in this case, with
che initial number of temporary Banality equaling
the character's permanent Banality

Gaining Glamour/Banality

Obviously, Dauntain do not recover Glamour
in the usual manner. They can glean Glamour from
artists and Dreamers, though this takes the form of
& peculiar form of Ravaging known as Rending. In
order to Rend Glamour from a Dreamer the
Dauntain must simply identify an individ
Dreamer. This done, the Dau
conversation or some form of communication with
the individual. During this conversation the
Dauntain must proceed to cause the person to
disparage about their own worksorself-worth. This
can be done by making critical comments and just
generally verbally abusing the hapless sot. This
process most often leaves the Dreamer completely
exhausted and with strong feelings of self-<doube
Many have even been driven to suicide after hav-
ing been Rended by one of the Dauntain. Itshould
benoted that Rending
Tings as

effectiveon change-
ison Dreamers.

In order for a Dauntain to regain temporary
Banality, she must cause Banality in another. This
is known as Tedium. It can be accomplished in
generally the same manner as Rending, though
with more of an intent on eausing the individual ro
feel hopeless about the world rather than herself
Examples of Tedium might be to expound upon the
number of deaths caused in a given war, to discuss
the current poverty orany
number of other horrors which

ity can/also be effective.

Systems: In order todetermine ifan individual
is a Dreamer, the Dauntain may roll Kenning +
Perception (difficulty 6). Once a Dreamer has been
identified, che Dauntain may attempt a Rending by
rolling hiscurrene Banality (difficulty 7). The num-
ber of successes indicates the number of Glamour
gained. Any character so Rended is at risk of gain-
ing Banality from this experience. The victim
automatically gains as many points of temporary
Banality as points of Glamour gained by the
Dauntain. She may resist this by rolling Willpower
(difficulty 6). Each success reduces the temporary
Banality gained by one, Additionally, Banality
caused in this manner may be used to restore lost
temporary Banality as well


sn attempting to gain temporary. Banality
through Tedium the character must roll his Banality
(difficulry 6). Each success causes both Dauntain and
victim to gain one temporary Banality point (the victim
may resist with Willpower, as above). Irshould be noted
that the victim of Tedium need not be a Dreamer

TheLost

These Dauntain don't often use cantrips, at least
nor consciously. The reason for this is that most are not
aware of the potential gifts which would be theits by
birthright, Of those few who do possess Arts, they nearly
always use them to cancel out other uses of Glamour,
rather than to actively create effects

The Cursed

At first, the Cursed will cast cantrips like other
Kirhain, but he wil rapidly find himself sh
‘hanal" uses of the Arts as his change hecomes,
apparent. Regardless of where he sits with Banality, his,
cantrips will be focused toward fulfilling his vengeance
in whatever manner possible.

Black Magicians
Much fike the Cursed, their use of canttips remains
largely the same, In fact, it racel They are
known for augmenting their power rather than altering,
it, Even so, many use their newfound affinity for Banality,
and rather creatively.
Nihilists
The Nihilist can and will use cantsips. She may use
Chicanery to cause someone to ignore her, or Wayfare to
cause someone orsomething to leave her presence, Nihil:
istsarealso known to keep track of the world around them
ith cantrips once they have withdrawn completely
nd whae they see in the sume
manner we do, b n perceive and react to theit
surroundings on some level.

Apostates

The Apostate prefers to use cantrips which can con:
vince other Kithain to join his causeand abandon their ld

as expadiently as possible. He does not wish to cause
unnecessary pain, but simply wants to rescue all Kithain
sad weight of Banality. If his Banality increases
beit: Heissomething ofa martyrinany event.

fromthed

The Typhoid will often forget that he can use Glam.
our, leralone invent new ways to utilize it. There are, of
nurse, exceptions, These are dangerous, a8 they some-
times make use of a multitude of strange abilities. Those
who bave been altered by Banality show an incredible

resistance to it, as well as great facility with their own
cantrips. Then again, that may simply be a story to
frighten childlings

Stigmas

The Dauntain are invariably marked by their strong
connection to Banality. These marks usually manifest in
the Dauntain's fae mien, perhaps causing it to become
faded or more mundane. In some, however, these Stigmas
provide a means through which they can direct Banality
for their own ends, These are marks which affect the soul
far more than the body, and many of them can render a
Dauntain fairly unrecognizable as anything other than a
normal human, Each Stigma a character possesses sub-
tracts one from anyone's Perception for purposes of
determining anything uouswal about the individual. If
Perception is dropped to zero, the Dauntain is indistin-
guishable from a normal human.

‘A Dauntain will gain a Stigma more or less at the
ter spending experi-
ence points toward this goal. The one hard-anul-fast rule
revarding Stigmas is that when a Dauntain takes one, he
also gains a point of permanent Banality. Therefore,
although they are certainly powerful, they hasten the
Dauntain's Undoing

Storyteller's discretion, perhaps

Stiginas of this sort are rare and
tunique. Not all Daunsain possess them, and fewer still
possess more than one or ewo (more would be suicidal)
Storytellers are certainly welcome to use any of those
Stigmas presented here, but it is highly recommended
that each Dauntain be given unique powers based on
their personalities and reasons for becoming Dauntain.

Conversion
This frightening power ean transform Glamour into
Banality. The Dauntain rolls her Banality against the
Kithain's Glamour in an opposed roll. For each success,
convert one temporary Glamour into temporary Banal-
ity, The Dauntain gains one point of temporary Banality
each time he uses this Stigma.

Disbelief

The Dauntain can impair any chimera or Glamour-
bused effect through her disbelief in fae things. This
ability does not requite focus ar thought, ir simply occurs
The Dauntain rolls her Banality against a target number
equal tothe casting Kithain's permanent Glamour. Each
success removes one of the Kithain's successes. This can
also be used to damage chimera. A Banality roll against
the chimera's Glamour causes one Health Level of dam-
age per success until the chimera is destroyed. This roll is
made only once each time the target comes into the
Dauntain's realm of awareness (the Dauntain need not
even know she is aware of her target; her subconscious is


ain can choose to
he consciously
heir existence) by

h additional roll she

spend
wishes to make,

worse. The Dauntain rolls her perma-
number 7). Each success subtracts
use of this

nraets one from the Dauntain's temporary
or adds one to his temporary Banality

Hatred

The Dauntain with this Stigma may direct it at the

nent Banaliey (tar

tron Ward

Some Dauntain

an destroy emotions, Like Disbelief,
consciously used. However, th
se t0 care about the world ar
them. Make an opposed Banality vs. Glamour roll
ransforms one temporary Willpower point into

temporary Banality.

If she does it often
kean

Jsicto the Dauntain's total. Option-
in, it may add one temporary Banality per

GCuneren Four: Tae Daunrain 65,


success. The Dauntain gains one temporary Bansality per
use ofthis Srigma, or one permanent Banality each time
1 by this ability

Final Words onthe Dauntain

This is hardly a dif
Dauntain exist forone sin urpose is
ultimacely th may be
clothed in, whatever the Dauntain may believe about ber
motives, all Dauntain exist to-eradicate all chat is
al from the world. They are teuly
lory of imagination and
ers not that this path will always lead them to the
hey stil follow it to its tragic end. Only a rare
wnks of the Kithain,

They work to destroy all Glamour for all ime, and

they will do anything to achieve this. Anni
nera, Undoing of Kithain; all is ultimately for this
final end. A few have shown the power to completely
eradicate entire frecholds, These, fortunately, are the

rorest of rare br

ult question to answer; the

This is not to s
same mold; on the contrary, they are as indivi
and unique as any normal Kithain. They have hoy
fears, loves, hatreds, and de
than not

human serial killess normal and well
ty seems to have it
Unfortunately, their own in

idjusted?
1 che Dauntain are ours.

rakes them dangerous
expect todiscover. That
is part ofthe cragedy of losing The Dreaming.

A Dauntain is dangerou n teach the
Kithain inhishea wu may finda way todraw
him back to the way of Glamour. The Dauntain who
may be reached in this fashion is lamentably rare, and
the one who actually drags herself ou of the spiritual
quagmire we like to call Banality is even rarer. Such
cure is far more difficult than curing Bedlam. Dauntain
seem to suffer from a bir of Bedlam as well as cheir own
affliction, and the normal cures involving exposure to

pality only make thin

About the Dauntain I

tous in ways many of usw

say this; they are every-
we create,
they dull and drain where we inspire. They thrive where
we fade and they erode what gives us lite, That is the
unfortun: Banaliry bas us our-
red. But the Dauntain are asdriven as the bese of

the Kithain, One cannot deny that weare driven. What

would any Kithain do were [ to point out a zone of

would dive into their midst like
inquet. (To be fair,

x1 take my meaning.) These gray mon:

them lifeand meaning,

that which permeates their being and provides them

with their magic. This is certainly not a sane desire by

ong compulsion. To accomplish

Ravaging ahuman

remately

show more
eishavea

the Dauntain will do anyth

artist until he is utterly drained of anythir

resembling creativity or ftee will, or worse ll

of his powers to destroy a freehold, band_even

staged an assault on the home of the High King, al-
though the siege didn't come close to succeeding,

Glamour reaches into the very core of their beings

to their hearts. It touches something they sometimes

cannot stand to face, so they erect a shield against it,

reme. This extreme is dry,

.en compared to the bright wonder o

ad to their Undoing, but that never

stops them. To some, the Undoing would ke a blessing

None believe that will ever

w me to revise that; the

k forward to it and the Nihilists wish it

ght away (inasmuch as they wish for

anything). | find her truly unfortunate, the Dauntain

who has turned to Banality's taint only to discover the

ted. The ones who

retreating to an opposite e

To others, itisa cu
nto them. Well, al

price is far more dear than she exp

this truth are sometimes on a road to recovery
Sometimes, though, they refuse to believe ir.
They're lying to themselves, I say. If they didn't
to pay the price, they wouldn't have made the
bue I'd rather help a Kithain
whom 0 : inknown
than one who thought it was the cheap route to power,
To normal Kithain a Dauntain may seem to be
liaholical, insane and perhaps even incomprehensible
The Dauntain exists to destroy everything we hold dear,
whether he does it from malice or believes he is helpins
d humans, Some may seem extremely normal,
bur only within human terms. Even these have afanati
€ to spread their "normalcy" to others. No, I
dlon't understand them either.
Since I don't
monsters who sally
Jes of cold iron (alt
this), 1 will present the

10 present chem primarily as
their enemies with
re those who do

nan whe

nough at first, alth YY

roused as co why she in particular attracted my
sation, This in mind, I kenned her, and determined
Ishough it was deeply

about her, so followed:

appressed, |
id watched


huma

n further
* of Be

fully rare.

ISA

x
1

Ea

AEN




z
&
&
=
3

Ty

Dauntain Chronicles

Th highly «


vly reborn Kithain found themselves in a
world they can't understand, among things they don't
want to:

completely, so they
there and want to mal

driven even crazier

In such @ chronicle, Kithain and chimera are best

depicted as a esence, just at the edge of aware-

reality for afew moments,

ald appearto tauntand

acts £0 stop the visions.

From here, the characters should be given a purpose.
Ie would be a dull game that relied on the Dauntain going
from one Kithain to the next, killing them to make the
weirdness stop. Ideally, the Kithain should drag the
characters into stranger and stranger events, until eith
their sanity breaks or they are Undone. More rarely, the
Dauntain may throw off their limitations, becoming full
Kithain and being accepted into the society.

The contrast in the st he incredible. The
Dauntain have gone from acold world filled with strange
things flickering at the comers oftheir eyes to a bright,
colorful world filled with wonder.

Revenge

This is best suited for single players, but ir can work
for an oatheircle. The basic premise is char some indi-
vidual or group wronged the Kithain terribly, so he swears
some form of horrible revenge upon his foe.

Kill Kithain feeds ste

serves only to increase the be
he who takes the oath din

he cannot break the oath without further strengthening,
Banality's hold upon his soul
This theme may last for a single story or an e1
chronicle, as the Kithain pursues the object of his ve
geance. It , reaking of the oath,
the death of the offender or th
What is the object of vengeance like? Does he
deserve this revenge? Is he vile as vile can be, or is he
simply the vietim of circumstance and manipulation?
Either way, how will hedefend himselfagainst the attacks
ofthe wronged Kithain? Will he himself turn to Banality
Will he call fri
does he have any who care
ce upon the one who


orth the pr
a true here

+ Kithain. Ifshe did the latter, she might
fc Insuch

icimately, whatever
the decision:

Questfor Power

Forwhatever

have decided to see
power is always avail-

they will receive gifts
before, bucas time

prisoned or executed. Trafficking

about as close to evil as one can get in

Dauntain will either be devour
or they will find


lowing dow
the group must
ower with which they have:
difficult, as the Daunt:
> on some sort of quest £0
vest draw upon
ely upon their
either reduced

ass they must
their banal abil
(probably: limi
ignored or both dur

ty for the consequences of theit
se the damage

rat least making up for

* Destroying or negating some great threat to the
Kichain.
© Creating Glamourto

more people. T ke writing a role
play re which fires the imay
play 1 hey
never would have in

Thereare, of course, many mc
may be required before the Daun
recommended that these dutie

tially dangerous

Seeking Oblivion
This is mote

perhaps best fo

herself and her own nightmares, dre

nal struggles. For some rea

from the world around

world which she has created within, She fa

demons on a daily basis and often cannot stan deal

with them. She would rather curl up into ud
rather than face her own self 1

er and lives solely in her own.

her own

and dreamlike,
Also, many of the
resonate with the
and should often be something
le, possibly to an ex:

ayer should trust

which can make

As such,
Storyteller not to overstep any boundaries, and the S
\Ver fo puta stop £0.

treme degree.
ryteller should allow th

thing, because the

thom. Ac the very least, this sort of
haracter incredible depth. How many
have taken a tour of their own minds and faced
down their demons! Very few
This sore of chronicle can also be mirrored in the
world, as the Dauntain's companions try to find
aw her back into reality. To them, she
fe. Perhaps they must
olds incredibly de
sof drawing her:
way coenter herdreamsand show hi

he journey back out will beas danger:
ening as any other trip through the
but when success finally arrives, t will taste
all he sweeter for those who underwent the ordeals

Journey Home
as the
liefs, unto the
mien is in slumber,
ms. This may goon
come full-fledged scenes with
nply the normal yearning for
¢ who are particularly vulnerable, it
way of things.

Arcadia, but for th
seems t0 poine out th
Each rime the Kithain has retreated into hisseemi

Js up in
the way back to
Banality, and

a motley of like

eon this path, iti difficu ck off, The
nw havea mission in life, a crusade, They will

save the Kithain from themselves and everything
m with Banality. This, they

may believe, will send the Kithain back to Arcadia,

despite the exile

will come when the Apostatesare
‘ruction they've

Finally, theclis
comeredand either broughttosee the
caused, or destroyed.

Ulsimately, Banality is simply a doom for Kiehain, it

is no salva



Being Different


(

4

| he remembers all that befell him as Kithain. He
iswhat will driveh
n are feared,

have the direction in

her it be a philosophy,
Jevel determination lessof
nonhis path, it

sense of identity around ic

Sublimation
Now the Dauntain must use his new self-knowlec
npletely bury his Kithain nature. This is a a
forto truly be Dauntain, one must still be
Ince this struggle succeeds, the Dauntain is
simply one of the Autumn People.

Underworld

‘These are the darkest hours of the Dauntain's life as
his own mind conjures his nightmares from the stuff of
Glamourtostop hismadslide into Banality. The Dauntain
must struggle mightily to drag himself from this seeming
fall into sheet insanity, He must find his way through.
treacherous time with his own beliefs to guide him, Of
course, even his own beliefs will lose meaning as they
strike out at him as well.

ntororsimple
at methodstarts
ins to define him, ashe rebuilds his

comes from the fires of his own
n sword poised tostrike into the

stuff of Glamour. He may
isdoing, ore may do

direction really ma
he now ha ose. T may be elothed in
many dif alization. The Dauntain may be-
lieve al Kithain are insane and must be cured, or he may
identify them with someone who did him grievous harm

in the past, and wish to kill

Confrontation
The Dauntain takes his hard-won k
uses it co fight thae which he once was, He m
destroy asmuch as
forces he has allied hin
normal humanity
Once the Dauntain has accomplished his goals, the
weight of Banality upon his soul may become far too.
or often he allows Banality to unmake him. Or,
paps, he may find another who is starting on the same
path he found himself on so long ayo, and guide her into
the ranks of the Dauntain.



ra
c

iw /-_ ASIA

ee ee CY ay jae ig



ith the thought of one
to pursue that activity






Melee §, Surviv
Knowl
Mythlo

Ee>

ences, ie, qYy



caught did not do het frame of mind any good, but it did
shape her ambitions for the future. Karen hated the idea
that anyone had more power over her life than she
herself did, and she projected chat feeling onto the
police who caught her. She decided that the best way
she could control her own face would be to become a
police officer herself

Ie didn't help chat her parents decided that they d
not want her back with the
Services controlled her fate — but ¢
police handed her over. She didn't bother to ery to run
away from the foster homes she was shuttled through.
She would simply be caught again and Karen could not
countenance the idea of always being locked up, In
stead, she worked on excellingin herstuclies to maximize
the possibility of acceptance at the academy,

She graduated with honors and moved on to the
police academy with a strong sense of purpose. She
wasn't in this to serve and protect, except to protect
herself. She was in it to control her own destiny and
destroy those who would bring nightmares. She never
told anyone that she was convinced Rob was bringing
her nightmares and stealing something precious to her.
Other people, coo, now gave her an eerie feeling, re-
mindingherof Rob. She watched them carefully,cercain
they would bring ni
Fortunately, the nightmares never returned.

The tuming point in Karen's life came during her
first day on the force. She happened to spot Rob in the
midst of some (obviously) illicit business, so she called
to him to halt. He, of course, did not. She chased him
down, only to have him lash out with the nightmares

This was the last straw for Officer Croyd. She had
no desire w be Rob's playthis Instead of suc
cumbing, she fought her way through the mad visionshe
threw her way and grabbed him. Her hatred seemed (0
rake on a tangible force. She lost control and attacked
him. Each blow hit like a hammer; he couldn't even
fight back. When she was done, he was comatose

She left him lying in the gutter. When Karen
returned to her partner, she told him that the perp had
escaped, However, the encounter had done something
for her resolve. She knew she could identify the mon-
sters like Rob, chase who would rape a young girl's mind,

x dreams. So she decided to hunt them down and make

hen pay fer tele crime, She haus conauleied chiar
notall of these beings would do such a thing ornot. She
believes they are monsters who invade minds and de-
stroy sanity for the sheer pl ofit

In the time since she began, she's been promoted to
lieutenant and received several commendations. Karen
has begun to suspect that Rob's people form a shadow
society which lives alongside, bue not within, human,
society, They hide themselves so as to etter devour

cmares given a moment's notice

dreams, but are not themselves human. She has never
told anyone else of her vendetta. Instead, she uses her
position as lieutenant in the SFPD to organize some
operations against the monsters, keeping them off hal-
ance. She hunts them more directly during her off hours

She has noved that when she strikes one of these crea

tures, they react as if burned. Even a slap across the face

causes them to flinch as if an open flame were held
nearby.

Until recently, Lt. Croyd has not ever seen more
than one of these beings ata time. This time, however,
she has found a small group of them. Through her
contacts, she has determined that they prefer to congre-
gate in a coffee shop known as "The Toybox." Her next
plan is to organize some form of police raid — perhaps
on the pretext of dealing drugs — to put them off
balance. Then she will hunt them down
Doom: Lost
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Paladin/Beast
Seeming: Wilder

Mental: Pesception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 4, Leaclewship 2, Mele
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation
sguistics 1, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 2
Agendas: \

3, Stealth 2
Law 2, Lin

Stigma: Iron Ward
Glamour: 3
Willpower: §

Equipment: Badge, uniform, ronfa, .357 Magnum
pistol (not issue, but she somehow gets away with more
than usual).

Image: Karen is a tall, cold-eyed, athletic woman
with severely cut black hair. Wh
always in uniform, Off the job, she wears cor
clothing which affords maximum freedom of movement
and conceals whatever weaponry she chooses. Kithain
who actually overcome Banality enough to ken herkith
will see that her eyes, teeth and fingernails are of iron
and her hair has a metallic sheen.

Roleplaying Hints: You're a woman driven by a
need for satisfaction. You won't relinquish your mission
until you feel you've fairly traded an eye for an eye. This

‘on the job, she is
fortable



thrill ac the feeling of power the killing gave him: He
proceeded to disp nce in the best manner $ out to r jou torment them
he knew hon R ins, While e c c jou. You also fear that if you
felta measure of R to him c the of GI from devouring
lost to Banality forever. Besides, you

ur-infused flesh.

Sylva, the Passive

Brand found Sy ‘always lavished her with much atten:
hetook th ough co satisfy any child, and Sylva
wed it—atfirst sw older, the attention be

tocloy, Sylvacame to feel that her life was impossible, that

{Kido nothing without her parents stepping in tosee
what was x

and plenty to sate his

s. He discovered that he gained nothing from

humans, and he could take the power from
Kithain without killing them first. The flavor of their Her life co

han that of their death: when her world tured t al

nobody ques
om and

into

world in which Sylva

three years since Brand devoured Reyna.
ably slain and devoured at least
n to satisty his insane craving. Those

pt to track the a
gic and dreams. It also was

ea part of, and this gave

in't last long, however, for it
Sylva undertook was doomed to

Dexterity 3, Se
Appearance 2

ligence 2, Wits 2 spiraling fall. C lowed soon after; each inere-
iment stripped assay some of her ability to care about the
reached bortom and
into a catatonic
been able ro reach
The apartment + in this condition

after three d

care. Althou

eventually
cout and exp

Glamour
the mote
ly. she also withdrew more into her
1g out of her funk. The institute was a

Willpower: 7

c she visited in her mind —
E was real to Sylva

Sylva began co su
mou from all who came neat het.

jone within the same building was a valid
f spirit. The closer one came,

ody parts pierced. He prefers
which is covered with spikes. His fae mie
the rageand

cllow Kithain. ffects were. The doctors



Joseph vanNocentilll

Joseph has been a grump for as long as anyone has
known him. He first appeared in August of 1969 in
Daytona Beach, Joseph was a street person at the time,
although any who could see his true mien would k
him for what he was: a noble of House Liam. He was
Knowledgeable in things of the Dreaming, and his com-
mand of cantrips was quite impressive. [tseemed that he
wasn't overly concerned with Banality, which is highly

of the Siock
took a neutral stance during the Accords
stepped in to help mediate when the
nobles worked out their diffe more p
under King David's ditection. Afterward, he wasadvisor
tothe gdom of the
He enjoyed travelling and took the opportunity
goanywhere, anytime. In his cesearches, he found many
to old frecholds in the far corners of the

ind his travels were most certainly directed
toward finding some of these lost fragments of the
Dreaming. He met with limited success, which was more
than he expected. One of his successes led to his ulti-
mate downfall. He had spent weeks travelling through
the wildemess, seeking the clues which would lead him

to his destination. He suspected char a very strons:

concentration of Glamour existed ar this ite, proxected
from the ravages of Banality for centuries

He found it. From ourside, it v
incredible splendor, with beauty unma
mortal world. With much excitement, he made his way

a fortress of
hed in the

inside with the help of cantrips. He had tried ro get the
attention of any faerie within, but received no answer,
‘Once inside, he saw thar the freehold was a shambles.
Something had slain the faerie who chvele inside and
destroyed much of the freehold. All the
chimerical, obviously not the work of hum:
He used his skill in Soothsay to speak to the dead
The story thus revealed frightened him to the
One of the faerie had been driven insane by
the confinement, had wanted (0
see the human world, todo something. He
had to be locked up by his companions simply to main-
own sanity, and they would not allow him to
cunately for them, his madness
power. hat power to destroy
found that he couldn't escape — one of the fae had put
wards against his egress. These has worked beautifully,
and would still have were the frechold still secure
diately left the freehold tofind and stop
Kling faerie. This search led to a battle that
raged across the wilderness, and even into a nearby city,
where Joseph arranged forassistance to drive the madone

92 Ta Atoms Pearte

On the next new moon, it in, seriously,
damaging the chimerical forms of members of
the coutt and resisting all attempts todrive itaway. The
battle lasted until police came to investigate the distur

mally, police are no cs th he
Kithain, but in this instance, since they drove the faerie
away, the court was happy C0 see them.

Thisevent gave Joseph an idea. Since Banality did not
affect him the way i affected most Kichain, he came to the
conclusion that he could somehow safely wield itagainst the
faerie. He tried to work out ways in which he could focushis
Banalitydicectly at things of Glamour and destroy them. I

ingly shore period of time for him to work th
not much longer to test it. The chi
hhe destroyed were nothing important in any event,

He went forth to destroy the faeri
was colder, more dangerous, Where he was a res
and explorer, he was now
destroy the mad faerie suc
haronetcy as a reward, That wasn't en
however. He d ed more. In fact, he
throne of the White Sands. To accomp!
honed his new power to a razor keenness. He practiced
onany chimera or Kitha c. With time
he found he could do by utilising
Banalityand Glamour togetherin his cantrips. Hecould
do anything from absolute destruction of Glamour to
selectively neutralising aspects of it. Joseph found chat
he enjoyed the power he discovere

but his attitude

Fora time, he used his power in the service of the
Crown, as he did nor feel he was str
his bid. [e did not take long, for whs
J, ic demands more an

pally made his attempt to take the

» epic batrle, wherein

les in a terrible

ny and mercy was a rare

with the old

throne from the kin
chimera and Kith
civil war. 1
thing. Jose
king at the point of
f the other members of the
king's court. He moved to behead the king when High
King David Ardry anda retinue of his paladins strode in
The battle turned tides very quickly, with Joseph's
knocked comatose by the chimerical weap.
he paladins carried. Joseph began gathering his
power for one final blast of power, to destroy all Kithain
within the room. Suddenly, the insane faeris
whom he had corrupted himself to destroy, arrived and
carried him off to places unknown,

peopl

the one

King David and his oracles have not been able to
determine if Joseph still lives or where he may be, but
there isa title in store for any who capture or kill him


2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

5, Manipulation

charmin)


His father liked to take

wl kids and Terre

he did well eno

f his peers. Fe
fence made few friends until his years in
rn then, those few he made he kept at

walked out the door, never to return,
omonephice
3 way was Lai
e of. He knew this

ht as esha: and Kithain, so he did not
tunately, no matter how hurd be
ways and paths never brought

sthome- He
ind himself

all Kithain, and how some

He real
home


which they did not belon;
Armed with this idea, he began an ¢
sodrive Kithain buck to theirspiritual ho
«implement this, he used his incredible powers
to bring others to his way of thinking
{ the importance of the
rom Bani and exile.
iting for the right moment ro starr his
to lead his army of hy
Kingdoms of the Kithain on earth, F
believes that tis isnecessary to restore che nacural or
things. Sell the Kithiain refuse coucknowledge such a ruth,
fighting instead to survive in an obviously hostile world.
Terrence is charismatic, sincere
path. He believes his way is the only
obviously: wron;

ndan utter socio:

worst thing about his crusade isn't what hi
bur that he doesn't truly believe in it. He w
it, but chat hasn't happened yet

snc/Patalise
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Esbu
Household/Motley: The Guiding Light
Physical: Strength 2, Dexteriey 3, Sta

anipulation 3, Appearance 3
nce 3, Wits 3

Dodge 2, Empathy 3,

12 3, Subsertuge 4

Perception

Alertness
Expression 4, Ken
Skills: Drive 2, Eriquette I, Leade

Knowledge purer 1, E
Mythlore 1, Politics 3

Willpower: 6
Banality: 7
Image: T

nnce is a handsome, personable young

man. He prefers to dress very comfortably: his oui

wosed of jeans, T-shire or sweatshirt and sneal

_ his eyes are even more unusual. They
e had looked
nd nothing there at all

often cor

upon the sc

see if they're the sort you want to recruit If they are, broach
the subject gently to gauge their reaction, You thought you
found meaning once, but it eluted your grasp. You desper-
atelyseek iragain,thistimeby bringingareligiousconviction
to those who need it. Pethaps by leading them into this, you

might find something to believe also?

Alex Hayward

Alex wasa horn Goth. For his entire early life be was
incredibly moody, often given ro dark brooding. He
‘would say the most morbid things just to see whar sort of
reaction he could evoke. Thisall came naturally co him;
sa dark decaying place wich litele hope
for survival, With chis point of view came a

cain amount of resignation.
he found others like himself
xin the hear of the rose. They
om with the

lewasonly th:
hho saw the €
band to share their pain an
"Exquisite
chuman spirt;death, desp:
hopelessness and more were grist for their cathartic mill

fear, loss,

They achieved a moderate level of success. They
toured the country, attracted
eyed by a few independent labe
some time. Bach gig got a little worse as the money ran a
little lower, the pay always barely enough to make up for
expenses. Alex turned toone of the group
ionship and found her a remarkably sympathetic listener.
She helped him crystallize some ideas, write some new
songs, and bring che band hack on track

Soon ater, they got signed. It wasn'ta major label, butt
vwacketter shan what they had. Now they at leastsaw a profit
from their efforts, a well as mexlerate

int to Alex, however. His v

oupies, and were even,
This life continued for

tcompan:

iched an all-time high, which
sappened next all che more tragic. On the

night of All Hallows in 1994, tragedy struck. After the

show was over, the membersof Exquisite Agony etired ro

their dressing rooms to elas for a few minutes before the

after-show parties he
the other groupies, all of whom had followed them from,
the start, awaited the band's arrival
Alex doesn't remember much of what happens

that night. What he does knovt is thatthe remai

band committed suicide, and Melind

sponsible. They drained his bandmates' souls or some such:

thing, and they lost their will to live. He also remembers



The world is a very inhospitablegp
Autumn People are everywhere, The'

brings dullness and tediupt toxhe worl. Bi crmcdd
Their very existence es jay Clatnour leg

them into the Mists,

Once creatures 6f rhagic
cannot accept. Theseiare
fae. Some whisper that this

+ Full details for including borh
New magic, dealing with the forces
¢ Famous Dauntain for inclusion in your chronicle.

Sure 100
780 Park NowTi BLVD
ClurssTon, CA 30021

Game STUD

it has become a little worse.
,accountant: anyone who
numbers are growing.

ing alike, driving

which they
the world of the

= Dauntain in your chronicle.

will il

ada
