# File: Avenger.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

HUNY £K-BAQK

"hehate ed dbish to-wit th Wed Gring™

Leese ae se

SIGHTINGS
ALERTS
PILES
FORUM
CHAT

LINKS,

WHY ARE WE HERE?

Itis not enough that we, the imbued, must somehow come to grips wth the awful uth
of the world. If we do not know who we are and why we have been called to fight this war,
we will never be strong enough to overcome the monsters and their domination of the
human race. The mere tact that others othe chosen do not see the enemy in the sameway
We dos proof enough that the imbuing alone does not provide a clear course to victory

This site is for the fighters, the warriors who see the world for what it is — a
battleground. The enemy will not give in simply because we ask them to or appeal to their
Ccorruptod humanity. We imbued have found our way onto the net to find others like
‘ourselves, to share our experiences and draw courage trom one another. Instead, weare
‘bombarded by dissenting voices, weak wills and selfish egos who try to turn the hunt into
‘a mockery of its noble purpose. Hunter-net served its purpose well enough in the
beginning, but now it acts more to weaken our resolve than to strengthen it. Think of this,
site as a fire in the darkness, to gather our lost and scattered numbers and renew our
determination forthe true cause

you believe in wasting your energies to protect drones or to look for the good in tho
souls of abomination, you are not welcome here. The Firelight website is for true hunters,
the killers of beasts. This is a place for us lo share our knowledge of the enemy and the
tactics oftheir destruction. | created this ste to keep our souls pure and our minds focused
(nthe task at hand.

We're the only hope humanity has left

PASS THEFLAME —Join the Firelight mailing list and add your voice
to the revolution. Enter your email address below

WARNING: DO NOT ENTER YOUR REAL NAME OR OTHER
PERSONALIDENTIFICATION. THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF
INFORMATION ON THIS LIST CANNOT BE GUARANTEED.

TER YOU SUBSCRIBE, YOU WILL REC
CONFIRMINGRECEIPT OF YOUR APPLICATION,

FOR YOUR OWN PROTECTION, DO NOT REVEAL YOURREAL
NAME,ADDRESS OR IDENTITY TOMEMBERS OF THIS LIST.


IFESTO

We are bom in darkness and baptized in the blood of the innocent. Our eyes have
been opened. our chains broken by cleansing fie. yet we are none of us truly free. The
suffering of the world cries out for justice and we have heard tho call
>>>AMEND: by Crusadert7 — "The suttering of the world cries out for justice, and
we have hoard the cal of the LORD JEHOVAH, God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
Let this be our reply

I. How os
We have seen with our own eyes the influences of inhumanity on our governmant
‘our businesses and our media. We have seen their corrupting touch in our cites,
especially our inner cities, where they consume the disadvantaged in cauldrons of
Violence and abuso. The creatures we rightly call monsters have beaten us down and
‘made us into litle better than animals, consumed by greed. projudice and toar.

We tho people, imbued to champion the oppressed, deciare that all people have the
inalienable right to treedom and sell-detormination, and hold the monsters of the world
accountable for centuries of depredation and slavery. We charge theso creatures with
crimes against humanty and resolve to break their grip on our people by any and al moans
‘necessary. Thus, we accept the only recourse available to a captive population: revolution,

>>>AMEND : SpiritWarrior128—"We the people, imbued with the power of the Great
Spins... We must show thom the proper respect. or they will take away thoir gifts.

>>>AMEND: Cop90 — "Delete the last sontence. We are not here to overthrow the
government or dssrupt any msttutions. 1 we kil of ‘evorything else wil take
care of itself

Its the mandate ofthe people that the monsters who hold power over human agencies
must be confronted and destroyed without mercy. so thal we may gain the treedom of
leadership and communication to unite and inform the rest of ourrace. When the revolution
has accomplished this goal, we wil then turn our attention to the unnatural creatures
remaining in the world and complote our retribution. For humanity to realizes place onthe
Earth, inhumanity must perish utterly. There can be no other acceptable resolution
>>AMEND: Reapor201 — For humanity to realize its place on the Earth, inhumanity

‘must perish utterly, along with al those who show no respect forthe sanctity of human ite,
including abortion doctors, lawyers and tak show hosts

From this day forth, we who accept these dual responsibilitos of vengeance and
Nveration resolve to set aside our personal ideologies. affilations and allegiancos to work
togethor as a common peopio with a single entity, as hunters and warnots who will give
the enemy no quarter. Collectively and separate, lot each of us exemplity our purpose
and consider ourselves humanity's vindicators, and let no outrage go unanswered.

>>>AMEND: SoldierS1 —"Letus also resolve to stand by our follow chosen, accepting
theirinsight and strength o achieve aust and lasting solution forthe future ot humankind.

This is your dectaration, too! Add your amendments her


Internet Browser: Hunter-Net

>>>Posted 11/2 by Riggert 11
This dofinitaly looks like one of us. Anyone out there claim responsibilty?

st) co

SIGHTINGS
ALERTS
PILES
FORUM

CHAT

>>>Posted 12/18 by Reaper201.
‘Anybody up near Boston know who this guy is? | like his style. Hope he lives long
‘enough to make a diference.

Mm 20eTe 1A MESSAGES TO CUNINALS

‘see VIGILANTE, page BS

>>»Posted 1/20 by Memphis68:
think this was Cleanor221. Wasn'the trying to get some guns last month? anybody
‘has heard from him recently, email me. | hope I'm wrong,


CONSTRUCTING SHAPED CHARGES
PREVIOUS PAGE NEXT PAGE

G THE SHAPED CHARGE

‘Alright, so now we ve got the detonator assembled. and the plastique has been mixed
‘and stabilized, Now we re ready to put together the shaped charge.

This is where we get to the $5,000 question — What's the
big deal about a shaped charge?

Toss a stick of dynamite into a field. When it goes off, the

explosive force expands more or less in a spherical manner.
That's great if you're trying to affect a big area, but what i you're
{tying to blow through a door or, in our case, agas tank? The best
‘way todo this isto find a way to channel as much of tho explosion
as possible into a specific area, and that's where the shaped
charge comes in.

‘shaped charge s an explosive packed intoa cylinder around the outside ot ahollow
ccone (see fig. 1). When the explosive is detonated, the energy follows the path of least
resistance — channeled straight down the cone. So youget.a focused eto plasmathat's
‘great for blowing holes through armor plating and incinerating anything on the other s
— like a fang who thinks he's sate inside a stainless-stool cotfin, for instance.

So where do we come up with a cylindrical container with a
‘conical depression at one end? Look no further than the one:
liter soda bottie in your hand. Cut the end of that sucker off and
you're ready to go.

Now, take the plastique and carefully pack it into the soda
bottla, leaving just enough room at the top for the detonator
(00 figure 2),

Two — Tee D

‘Once you've got the plastique in place, add a couple inches
insulation, then get your detonator. Poke the wires running trom tho pager into tho
plastique, through the padding (see figure 3). Remember not to put the battery in the
pager until you're almost ready to place the charge! One wrong number wil ruin your
whole day. Now cover the top with a removable, waterproot cap and you're ready to go.

We first used this on a fang who had some serious personal
security — guards, motion sensors, you name it. One night when
he was outon the town, we threw a rock through the window of his
limo. The bruises took the car in the next day to got fixod. While
it was waiting at the shop, we slipped the bomb onto the gas tank.
with the cone pointed toward the passenger compartmont. That
night, we shadowed the car and got a lucky break when the tang
loaded up with a bunch of his bloodsucking buddies. We parked
‘our car, let the limo drive well out of sight, and made a call. The
bomb's plasma jet ruptured the gas tank and sont a blast of
superheated ait and gasoline into the passenger compartment.

Incinerated all five of them in less than a second.


‘ve dug upall the reference materials Ican get out of the Metropolitan library. Based
‘on my research, here's what | have learned about werewolves. These monsters,
‘sometimes called shapechangers, man-changors and lobos on the lst, are capable of
altering their physical form into severalditterent body types. Logends say awerewolf can
transform from a man into a large inteligent wol-form, although there are conflicting
stories that suggest the creature is actually a wolf that can assume the appearance of a
f) man. According to the stories, they can change only when the moon is full or when
woitsbane blooms, which gives us the same advantages we have over the Bloodsuckers
—we're not crippled by the time of day, month or even season,
Desenrrrice
Everything | have read indicates that the bipedal "woltman* form popularizedin horror
films is a complete fabrication — perhaps porpotrated by our enemy, A werewolf tums
from aman into a giant wot, and vice-versa. They don'thave hands or apparently human
tligence when in wait form, but they are stil very dangerous creatures, capable of
tnficting temble harm
>>>Postod by Huntor3:
‘You've gotitall wrong. The one I saw had four arms and four logs. Itlooked like a Lon
Best Chanoy reject, and it was smart enough to drive a car! Got your head out of your books
‘and join the real world, pal
ALERTS Narueat Weavon:
Bite: The werewolf has a bite similar to a typical wolf's, but with tremendous jaw
PILES strength capable of inflicting severe wounds. What's worse, the bite Somehow manages
to pass the curse (?) of the werewolf onto its victim, causing he or she to transform on
FORUM the next full moon.
>>>Posted by Howitzert 14:
CHAT | can testity to the damn thing's bite. We comered one out in the bush and the boast
bit a shotgun in two. It "nipped" at one of my buddies and sheared right through his
) urs collarbone. We don't know if he's going to make it
! >>»Posted 05:01 by Reaper201
Watch that guy roaly dosely, Howitzer. Ive never heard of anyone oven surviving a
‘Werewolf attack but uknow the stones. Better be prepared ie starts to make the change.
‘The most alarming element about these creaturesis their ability to withstand injury.
‘According to legend, the only way to destroy a werewolis a silver bullet to its heart.
There are conficting stories of weapons coatod in woltsbane being lethal to thom, but
{can'teorroborate that as yet. Nothing else — not ire, not holy water, nothing —causes
them lasting damage.

Share your observations here:


"> e,

[=
PROTOTYPE HOLY WATER GUN

PREVIOUS PAGE NEXT PAGE

PressurizeD Hoty WATER Gun

| got this idea one night while watching my brother mess with his scuba goar. Forget
throwing some lite vial of holy water ata fang —we can put the stuff under pressure and
hose him down from 15 feet away!

De:

Fist, by one of those large spray cans wih a tigger-operatod
‘applicator, tke pest contol poopie use (gotta love the irony!) Now
‘remove the plungor assembly — we're going tobe using alotmore
pressure! Next rent(orbuy) acompressedarrtarkandhamesstrom
‘local scuba supply shop. Also get hoses and valves for setting up

Ba dual tank system. Now, connoct the ai tank and the spray tank
sing the hoses and valves, then find a way to hook the tanks
together (duct tape, bungee Cord, whatover). I's just that mpl
Gerrinc Hoty WATER

This is easier than it seems. No, you don't have to go
into a church and steal the stutt Besides, | think that vords
the blessing (any actual Catholics out there?). Just load up
somo jugs ol water and gat the iocal priest to biess them
Youdon'thave totelthim why youneedit. and he shouldn't
hhave any real reason to refuse — | moan, what priest
wouldnt want to bless something? Isn't that like a bg sin? Bi

Maxine 17 Wor

‘All you have to do is put the water in the pesticide tank, seal it off and open the
valve on the air tank. I've been able to hit man-sized targets trom almost 30 foot!
And | know just the bloodsucker | want to try it out on. | can't wait to soe the look
on his face!

spiritwarriori2e

opiritwarrior126

‘THERE ARE FOUR (4) PEOPLE IN THIS ROOM


CONVERSATION WITH A GHOST

We still don't know what to make of this. I'm posting all the information on the
site to see if anyone else has had a similar experience. To tall the truth, this one
really got to me.

Bacmromn

The Weatherford House has beenin the Manning family since well before the Civil
War, and has a reputation for being haunted. The Mannings, who have a controling
interest in almost every major company in town, have a reputation of their own for
‘being cruel, even violent. We wondered ifthere was a connection between the house
and the family's behavior.

‘When the Mannings left he country on one of their European vacations, we cut the
house's phone line and slipped in to check it out.

‘We ran into something almost immediately.

It seemed to know what we wore. Wo couldn't do
anything. but suddenly the room got very cold. ond iai/
words appeared on one ol the walls (see igure '). No MMR aan elegy
ono was Suro what the relerence to "carpelbapgets"
moan, butt spooked us prety bad.

"otntiedto ako. He asked whats name was, but wo got ne answer. We lated
searching the house again, looking for any other sigs of

We searched the ground floor wih no success, then
headed upstars. none ofthe second-floor rooms, the
Cold returned. worse tis tno, and a second message
{Gee igure 2). Short after. we started to gotheadaches.
indy thought the thng wat tying to contol us. We stil
Gdn have any idea where twas, so John suggested
burning inhouse down. Probably not the smartest hing
he coud have sad

(On the way downstairs, the ghost wrote another!
message (igure 3), Was it tying to play on our MMC

Sracenaeroant Womcignk omen mengrene
frog rock duet shart o the door al hel trove LR S
loose We dodged fying turnture and, siverware IMAM

‘(ohn got a forkin the arm), and scramblod outside for noke me

the gas cans,

Get out of my house

SP NOSROMAI conse') we cur oase sm ure cose
ee! sounds in her apartment at night. Could the ghost have
ues


e> eens

Anyeopy Hunrine rn Maryann?

>>>Posted 10/3 by Reaper201

{'ve gota situation over here near Fort Meade. Looks like a gang of warlocks, but
they've got government connections and some really bizarre equipmont. Any hunters
in Maryland who have had any experience with government merlins and want to lend
hand would be welcome, especially it you're a bullseye —I don't want to get too close
to these guys.

t WoLFMEN GATHERING IN THE ADIRONDACKS?

>>>Posted 12/27 by Shaka74:

‘An associate of mine has seen a large number of what he thinks are wolfmon
passing through his town, ust a few miles west of the Adirondacks. in New York State.
Apparently most of them arrive by car or van, from as far away as Kentucky and
Virginia, judging by the plates. None of them stay in town —they always pass through
and head into the mountains. Does anyone know what to mako of this? Are those
things that organized?

APB our For Lours RENALDO

>>>Posted 1/16 by Cop90:

Everyone in New York City bo advised — the NYPD has put out an all-points
bulletin for Louis Renaldo. Those moderator guys claim he's one of them and is,
boing sought in connoction with seven murders on the Upper West Sido. They say
he's a dud — he was there at others' imbuing, but didn't make the change — and
hhas been fucked up ever since. Something about trying to earn a socond chanco!
Apparently he's started his own hunt. But without the sight, how can he know who's.
what? His last victims wore an elderly couple who ran a deli near 133rd Street.
you have any information about this freak, email me immediatoly. Id preter it wo
took care of this ourselves.

Procress Report: Cape Town

>>>Posted 2/11 by Howitzert 14.

We've managed to make some progress since the last report — we finally
tracked down one of JagerSt's police buddies and got a name and address.
Jager's house was empty — | mean cleanod out, down to the bare walls. Looks
like no one has been there for a while. We did find one of the signs in the backyard.
It marked a buriod strongbox containing a pistol, a wad of cash and a notebook
with some addresses in Cape Town and Johannesburg. Still no luck finding
anyone in Jager's network. We're starting to think the government's involved
somehow, but no real proof yet. We're going to check out the addresses and will
report again soon.


o> 8 BO o

Tue Worp

The following are some of those weird symbols and their apparent meanings, as
‘posted by contnibutors to this site. Some have been spotted around the word, in dfterent
‘countries and cultures. The meanings of the ones shown have been loosely confirmed
by at least threo of us, presumably without prior contact. The fact that our kind from
‘around the world can find the same sense in these symbols suggests that this is some
kind of universal language — kinda like math or music. Hasit always been there and was
just brought out when we wore changed? Or has it been imposed upon us by the
‘Messengers so we can all communicate and get along?

So far, it appears that the enemy is unaware or unintorested in these symbols, oven
whon they appear prominently in their tut. Perhaps these symbols are designed 10 dely
inhuman perceptions, ike our powers escape gawkers. Wecantalways assume that will
bbe the case, though. Use caution at all times.

: :

SIGHTINGS ARIAT Hae Twas
bn PorETIGN
ALERTS Aprauarur OTHER Tso

Imam 70 KAQUEST A MEETING

en

aap enor | Whew on Anauves

ova THAT THT ‘Tus sin we recetia
si var conse
Dour. Bveevowr Stave

GIUTRASTING TrruEs
IMP. LP YO" VE
Gua oF asst PROPER, YOU
Yat THEY" RD Lone
REXLLY Line US, KIND OF
Weumn Deo. Daresrsamen| Serer Lire 1
Gonsmus, TRameD | renmcnass. Comme
TDRRR COR eR EMT x SO | HOM TRADE IAT MARES
RADIMY LEDGE ND | THESE Theo
Seer exe. BUT REM AL



nd the ca'sheadlights afd cated slowly around
the comer. Most of the streetig

Seateway hud been shoe 0

stretches of darkness broken by xc

orange li ing, pockmarked high-rise
loomed on our lft like old tombstones, silent and
meither side ofthe street, many

There were cars parke
of hem rusted-outhulks. leased the old Thun

tothe curb next roan empey trash-strewn lot. The pack
was another block-and-a-half away.

My watch read two minutes tomidnight. The
sters were out cher, wattiry

Ttumed tothe gel. Forafew seconds, had toseragale

remember her name. "Okay, Emily. Time tj ct

natural, do cis like all the other times and I
ofthere
Tas to tre a

tightly across her chest. ough the
passenger's window picked out the bald spots on het
her sunken eyes. Emily shivered, but! wasnt sure if
was from withdrawal ot tomething ele. She stated
fearfully into the darkness. "Please don
this," she whispered, lke a frightened child
"Goddamn it, Emily, you cant back out on me now!
The pinched Idaln'tmean to shout. le wa the f
Ttned to remember the lat time [had anything
‘much les sleep. Nothing came to mind. [fumbled fo the
cigaretes ny jacket pocket and tied to way calm "Fast
work wich me her. Il all be over in a coupe minutes

PROLOGUE INEXT

silver ran down het cheeks. She wiped
2 embling hand
this some udher way

Sereaks
them away wit 'm scared. I fel
[fished out a cigarette and leaned forward 40 the
hide the flae of the lighter. Breathing
Te wasn't the
i i | had expected, etching the world in
razor-sharp lines and curves. The smoke cleared my
ead and took the edge off my fear, but I sil felt like
hit. "No way out but through, kid," I replied, rubbing
If chere was any other way to do this 1

God,
The girl tured to look at me, shifting around in het
seat, still wiping her eyes She locked alot younger than,

iy, | waited for the rush to

tumed them in. Pleae. | know

bee

took a deep,
1ey've done, but they
cof me, and never aked

Ie was all I could do to take # long deag 0
ete. Eighteen hours ago she'd been covered
"od of innocent people, and now she wanted me to
member how good these fuckers had been t het

looked her i th von' say a word, Ely
4 and limbed outof the
alking, hesitantly at firs, heading for
the beasts that waited for her. I caught
her eigarete, not remembering

af


(Once she was ou of sight, started looking over the
weapons I checked the safety on the 45 holsered at my
hip. andthe Asprestinginitenslonsheath. Then Iresched
bck and grabbed the black duster bundled on the back
seat. Wrapped up inthe coat was a silenced submachine
‘pun anHk MPSSDI‘dboowed Gum the preciner SWAT
fimnory. There were thee clips of slver¢ip hollow pins
‘wrapped up next to the gun — my own conenibuti. 1
slappedone into the MPS and chambered around, then pt
the weapon's asl sling over my shoulder was reac
The darkness waited. My hand saree to shake

‘Wha f they could' be stopped with bulls did't
haveache.[dud'thave any dea what hey wer. did knew
what happened to their victims. And I knew cha I was
putting mipsel right two thei hand. I | fucked up, che
forensics gyswould be finding pccescfme allover the park

I gripped he steering wheel Thekeys werestillin the
ignition. And | asked myself che same question I asked
every single goidamned night. Can you walk awsy from
‘his! Can you forget wat you now and ust wa ow

The answer wasno, And thae pretty much said ital

I grabbed the duscer and got out of the car.

They found her at the scene of the most recent
smunles, curled up ina bull and covered in blood. She'd
‘crawled aay fron che bodies and hidden ina pile of rash,
Tyngao sil tha she'd been there fo almew an hour befoee
someone from forensics literally sured onto het

"None of the blood was hers, but noone could believe
shehad keen the one who killed the DeSilva. There was
rho mative, no connection to the victims, and no way in
hellshe could have been strong enough toter four people
limb from limb. The detectives working the case figured
her fora witness, somebody who was in the wrong place
at the wrong time. That did't explain why the killers le
het live, butt made about ac much sense as anythingelse
where the Stateway Stalker was concerned.

Unless you knew about monsters.

"The detectives were going to cut het lowe. There just
warty tise remwoneo hold her. While they were ff
sting the poperwork together, | paid an unccal vise

‘She was pacing the small examination room when
I walked in. They'd let her clean of in the women's
locker room, but her clothes sl looked like she'd been
rolling around in a slaughtethouse. The ait was chick
with the smell of blood.

Her face was haggard, worn down to nothing more
than pale skin and rough bone. When she looked st me,
her eyes wee like dll marbles set too far hack in their
sockets. She was only nineteen. I figured she'd been on
crack for about a yest

Theld her gaze and really looked athe, half afaid of
‘what | might find. Bur she wasn't one of them. She was
fuse what she appeared to be.

Are youhere tot me go?" The gf ied to dredge up a
lindeatanae kesh kncwrthe cee and thave anything
swear abou. She'd been downtowm enough timestoknow
how thing wceked br allthstrelh meant wasthasbelinew
cecugh 0 et intomre trouble dropped ber file ands thick
manu envelope onthe table and pulled upa seat

"Homicide's done with you. T'm ftom narcotics.
‘She froze fora second. kept my face wooden and lether
read whatever she wanted from my expression. "You
want to have a scat? You look alitele nervous.

"I'm fine," she said, bucher eyes jtered all overthe
place. 'd knocked her off balance, and she was trying to
figure out what was happening.

| shrugged, "Doesn't make much difference to me
How would you like to go to prison for 30 years, Emily"

‘She took a sep back, her expression disbelieving.
"What are you talking about!"

"Ym talking about selling clas-o
accenory tomurder. lopenedherfile."You've gorthree
rests for prostitution and an arrest four months ago for
posession. Now forensics has come back with the
fesults and i¢ seems that one of the DeSilva
‘rack cocaine in her sytem. From where I'm sitting, i
looks likea young hooker gc tired of working the sects
and sated selling product to make big money. Dil you
have some of your fiends kill the DeSilvas so you could
keep ill for youre"

"That's not true!" Her voice rose toa terrified shout.
"That's noe what happened! I'm tying to get clea. I
told the others what happened

Te was easy to sneer at that one. "You told them the
DDeSilvas were killed by wild dogs. Jenus fucking Chris,

iy, this Chicago. Thove two dickheads might have

he your bullshit story, bu [know better."

"No you don't!" She rushed forwaed, slamming he
hands on the table. There was awd look inher eyes. It
took a second for me to realize that she was genuinely
terrified — damn neat out of het mind. "You weren't
there! You've got no idea what happened!"

So tell me." I cloned the file, trying to seem sin.
terested. With everything 've gorhere, youcan'tmake

Emily puta bony hand toover her mouth. She stood
thae way fora long time, and I could see the eoniict,

g back and forth inher eyes. coulda' tll if she
scared of what she'd seen or of how another
dat react if she tried to all about it, God

Eons I'd been there before.

Right about the ime I wa starting to worry tha the
suys from homicide wouldlbe back, shetookadeep breath
Sod made her decision. "There's these two guys, okay!
They started hanging around Stateway last month,

Rgheabuacthetime themanderssared mont yours
euch. "What ae the names? Where do they live"



slosy phocos taken from 10 diferent munder scenes. 1
pickedsomestrandom."Here'san elderly lady torn tb
sn er agartnent. Here's what's left of apeegrant woman
lulled in herbed. She ad rwo other kin the room with
her, but we ail haven't found all oftheir remains. We
think some ofthem mighehave been eaten. The DeSivas
werent the fit people chese monster have killed, and
they won't be the lat. Homicide thinks they've go a
Hannibal Lecter wannabe on their hands, but you and |
know the truth. They aren' going tobe able wo stop these
suys.. bur you and I can"

The gl lok a¢meforamement at though she wan't
sure what she'd js heard "You'te ou of your mind

"Tell that to the DeSilvas!" I threw one of the
pictures at het. "Tell thar ro Eleanoe Waits" I chrew
fanother, hitting Emly in the forehead. "Tell that to
Shontae Brewer and her unborn kid "I chrew a handful
of gruesome photos in her face. "Tell tat ro every man,
‘woman and child who going to die because you don't
Ihave the guts todo something about it!" Leame around

‘endlol the table and she staggered backward, raising
tuhand protectively, The look in her eyes made me atch,
nyse se short of shaking het like a ag doll

1 Jute want to be left alone," she sid in a terrified
whisper "1 just wane to go home"

"Emily, as long as those things are out there, you
don't have a home. Now think: You said you wet
supposed to go away with them tonight. Were you

supposed to meet them somewhere?"

"Y-yes," she said, choking back more tear. "Th
said to meet them at che park on 133ed Sereet, across
from the high-tises. At midnight"

"Then that's where youll be. They tas you, Emily
Youcan draw them outof cover. And llbe there totake
cate of them."

‘She brought het hands toher face agai, eyes bright
with feat. "Please don't. I swear I'l do anything ox
want. Please don't make me do this."

"Enily, we are ing todo this, We owe ito all the
people wholve died because ofthese guys. Theyre evil, and
they have tobe stopped. [ed your help — and I keep
you in Chicago a lang as have to. So iin your best
interest ta help me get these ys before they got yo

She stood there wordlesly while | gathered the
pictures. "Clean yourself up, kid" I sid once I was ready
ogo." Think eal hard abour what ak. k'sthem rime"

Talipped x us minutes aad of the hence boys
‘When I got back tomy desk, [called in afivor fom ys
procesing the up Ens eens nil about ten thar night
(Once the wheele ere in mei, | sarted to make my plan

1'd need to get a car from the impound lo; some
‘hing that would blend in. And sfll-avco weapon.

went oursde for a smoke

The park existed nowadays for hookers, junkies and
thieves Ie was a square block of dead grass, withered
trees and empty, grafit-covered planters, None ofthe
lights worked, making dovensof dark comersandcul-de
sac where peuple could do their business. [twas place
nly a monster could make

1 didn'e plan on wasting time. The longer you
waited the more chings could go wrong. The purk sloped
upward toward the center, making a kind of low hill
ctowned with skeletal trees. Near the top, | heard
Enuly's voice. She was arguing with someone

"My hand went forthe submachine gun as gotto the
top ofthe hill. | moved between the tres, liatening for
her voice. They were standing neat a broken-down,
bbench on the side opposite the entrance.

' brought the MPS upto my shoulder. Emily and one
of the guys were standing close together in a pool of
shadow, noching but vague gray outlines against black
‘ess I fel goa tobe laying the gun's sight on one ofthe
beasts. "Time to pay." I whispered softly. Movingmyhead
fracticeally,Ired to et an eye on the other creature —

And that's when the son ofa bitch hit me.

Teshand smashed into my left shoulder like a sledge
hammer, knocking me flat on my face. Let off a long
burst as I fell, in the direction I had aimed. Someone
screamed. It might have been me.

‘The thing wason topefme the second hit the ground,
{owaeed undemeach and looked into face straight
ele lunged at me, jaws wide, and 1 ung out my let
hand, flailing otis snout. Is teeth closed on my wrist:
Seething snappet [wtenchd arcind apd jammed the
MPS into its throat and held the tiger down,

Te tured out bullets worked, afte ll

kicked out from under the thing's body. Ie was
aleeady searing to change, shrinking back into a human,
shape. Ian down the hill. My left um wouldn't work
fom the pain, 0 I couldn's change clipson the MPS, L
Jee it hang from its trap and pulled out the Asp.

Emly and the first creature I saw lay cloge to each
ther. The kal had caught a round in the temple. The
bea was tying co crawl away, dragging its shattered legs.

When I saw the poor g's body, I went cold, Even
at the biter end, the monsters managed t0
‘mee soul down with them.

With a flick of my good wrist the Asps collapsible
steel baton telescoped to its full, cwo-foot length. The
Inobarthe end began to glow an angry ed. The creature
managed to tar is claws actos my leg a brought the
weapon down on it head. I beat the thing until the
baton warped and broke.

Limping, tured back to the gt. Sirens sounded in
the distance. I closed her tear-streaked eyes. There was
nothing ele I could do.

Except avenge her


HUNT ER-BO0K

By Mansi lesa Gece Srouz


Caams
Authors: Michael Lee and Greg
Developer: Ken Clife

Editor: Fi Hall

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney
Interior Art: Andrew Bates, Guy Davis, Steve Elis
Steve Prescott, Vince Lacke

Front Cover Art: Tony Lee Eswards

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

3000] o=ty. White Wolfand Worldof Darkness are registered tradema
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Hunter

Guide and Hunter Book Avenger are trademarks of
Publishing Inc. Al rights reserved. All characters

ae copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing. Inc.

of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to


HUNT ER=BQOK !

| =

Provogue: MExr rams

barmodueriox

Carex: HurrerOnices
Carrer 2: Ti Hor
Carrer ScHonren Tes
Caren QunFurure
Grarren5:New Russ
Garren: Avncrsay Lace



Birr oF AREvoturion

Hunter Book: Avenger
develop a better undersa
and its emerging role in the
Reckoning. As an Avenger, you'te a single-minde

id of Hunter: The

But what makes you tick

is book help

good enemy isa dead ene
masume your soul th

and rules don't bust, either.

But just as you need to be
own Avenger, inderstand hunter society
ivemerges; the two are inextricably snterew
each ofthe newly imbued rounderstand het
new world, origins and purpose, she inevitably com
pares her experiences, philosophies and fea
‘ones she encounters on the streets or on the Interne!
Ac first, the reces atch ont

HrRODUCTION

new wotld is just too
However, in time
duals with similar

1¢ ates for what ultimately be

These foundling

emergence, many varied i
seetn mon goals, As the ch
*.try to understand their mutual eo

‘purpose, the nature of the
sters All hunt.
sshumanity must

raken by surprise when a fellow "avenget" really proves

tedeemer or a distracted visionary.


goals in the hunt

When will hunter
Ir could take months
‘ounderstand themsel

Pasrceris

‘ne
Each,

their trans
same tho

trate their individual and


How ro Use Tats Boor

wenger broalens the W:
sintothe hunter pyche. Ialsoctfest

Hunter Book:

Darkness 38

members. This book «
understand your character and elaborate upon bet

Chapter 1: Hunter Origins exp
monsters, the Messengers anid Aven
explain why the imbued receive thei gif or curse.

Chapter 2: The Hunt covers Avengen' unique

tactics and strategies in their constant struggle agains
the supernatural

Chapter 3: Hunter Ties descnbes Avengers rel
tions with themselves and other creeds

Chapter 4: Our Future presen

Fine ts purpose an

Now Rulesctices mote n
‘equipment for use by Avengers and pet
4 other creeds

Chapter 6: Avengers at Large details newly im
bued Avengers who ae ready
profiles creed members wh

rows, ts members tend to use words ort
the group's needs, intentions and iden
help define thecircl's purpose. The Aveng
no different. The fllo
firlighe email list. They may even
+r imbued. Avenger or hunters in general without
posure to wich communications have
their own rerms, or

slang and phases begin t
g wartion, particulatly on

and uninformed
bruise: A gho

metimes revealed wit
bullaeye: A hunter who prefers to
areacks
crave: Use to describe a hunters
attacking a par
demo: A hunter with a pe
with explosives

lac type of m

drone: A human who is ignorant of monsters

DerRODUCT ION

dud: A bystander, someone who receives the call
echo: A member of a hunter personality cult.
fang: A vampite
flicker: A shapechang
Jones: Ahunter who has formedacultof personality
lobo: A shapechanger, usually a werewolf
merlin: A warlock or witch
put wood on: To kil, particularly vampires.
pyro: A hunter who tends to kill with fire.

sneral teem fr the undead.
shitkicker: A hunter inclined to engage in hand

combat, often using the Cleave edge
smoke: To kil
stub: A shamble.
wake-up: The act of becoming imbued.
‘Sevres Mavcuat
re the rag

pooks and con
available that cap ‘determination and

times unbridled hatred of Avengers. Obviously,

he following sources aren't about Avengers or fighting

se. Jus imagine
oun: Michael Douglas is
keeps taking it on the

snaps, That's wh

he fan, but now he's dishing it out. "It feels good t0

Reservoir Dogs: This isthe ultimate movie about

regular guys who alto happen to be total bad-ass,
xt of cont apturedcop asa bruise and
Scared Soight: Yeah, i'saweind "720s lick, bu some

we in fucked-up dudes. They'd be a8

«quick to kill ou fora buck as an Avenger would kill you
forbeing amonstet. Some ofthe harangues in tis hook
If you take away the comedy

and wit

ing people asa lifestyle a pen — gets
could shatter a
st out of anger

mfr: Vy sit! fy
wood chair in your bure hands
. Avenger, too

American History X: Curb stom.


WAKING ur v0 HE NiGHY MARE

‘Subject: The Revolution Will Not be Televised

From: menons6b

Tor freight ist@hunter net org

Everyone on ths let and the main one heeps aeking
where die come from Why ut? What ore the monstent
ac ow lng hove they en here?"

Thnow.

Atleast, ve known there were neers since [was 13
yoors old

remember the gunshot, theo shaking with screams
nd dark fingers pouting tothe sky, trying to reveal the
earceot naeemnaten onthavan create hat has les
‘lo Sreams ino tgle moment

Threw there were monsters I jst cout see them

Theyve cays bean wh us, sce the down of tne When
‘cer hurenengy cone father aso sccety wherever me or?
rote a rom Powers o Bete kre the rues per ot 3
iatare cone topiy Greed Anger Fer Wilashacto hoe me
love we grow ted ond compromse oa vas, ond we era
Enk mocernnton Seton nom * 5 eee Fost soa ret
Faz hove been tersermad ms semethny perry Why? Secs
_thoy_teke It happen _They_.ert us te say mek andthe
Tape, Because it saps cur strengthond makes us easer tooo.

think the creatres  slectvey cal_eharanty det
se Earth longbetore Momeni fang ago Pet eh ore
‘remain to mark ther pasng Maybe they were oct Bee us ot
Firat, but ther creams fel oprt too and they dined to
decadence ander There's nothing move Fearsome than 0 Sod

CHAPTER: HUNTER ORIGINS

nation tothejusts and he that

whohasro hope bese iembrac_sythingtofil the vid
We se every oy he mer ty

"he mrs were the fst. That geod deal withthe
‘ew! yn? Went fount arson erent
Diothe senate re sot an carptes ems!
{Erte sha ot power bt Yer ha 8 my of oer he est
fervblecerctnesseom croc. They arte lng fe
They wares te Beng nd welt they neve had They
sored arr he ward et mos them so fr So they
ISrved ese one rotors srngth ad fo Threat
"hay nama on ene owner Ine shrvy rte Same became
vari, cecuresenpty of He except fer we Thy cold
‘Bes Others apy Seely dead shrm pet sat
Sppedn decoy fish A fon every fw, chose the west
sect onc emuotes teers of the fret acre)
‘tenses Yo the ws it bee the sthrs. they ere fo
ony nes rerngrensdings sore soar They
Ber Tae pers on te recog toe wrod peace
hater fea ways ery fr fs, rele corre
‘en ther pra form.

Trsasod sory, tu tha ended there the word weld
hove bean © much ferent pce. Drumanty was srg
Sefore_we_cane on he sere They son un te rae
Nespctana. sm the renin now len dram dhe
sen geomng wht from ocr tron od they so
‘ieythngthat thoy mere They vedo haves he
‘Spo toe ce nyo Sanased he? co A the frter we
‘Bread the mare hey coveted we chewed

Westra sovesof thse ery tes roc beset
shenanynire Tho, hoe Sefer etoar eepmereris ond
Sapwbrensaaraceres woe Stoerctrenseva "st


ame tohrereinthe pepesct nae Wher chat me Meera
the Mess? What cn the Who Er te BB oe
tren esses by ater of el spat What coat Teron
(als reread terse rete Eve Asan mye et
mal uote ne Ktane aw creres perety Sir 7
\arpced Doyourely tek ash conmen stones ae aro
Tn the erly ys, nbumerity preyed onus pey. tee
ining the weak ore fearfa Sct we fought them There were
hurtersin these dys shaped the tes he hein. Meni
Perse or the Tenth Dover Seow? Theyhad strength and
‘ower grcter than thes felon men ond They proved That the
Inoreters cold be son. They were the fest haters and of
(Today descend from then
(Our great foling was tht we were too shortghted Too
wileg Yo put down the word ence the immesite orl was
"There was ro one with te feresght Yo recogne
‘hemansters tor wnat they mereandicurchecrsase "0 So
‘them from the Earth We Coan see past te bows of ot
Iie vlogs end dane So the monsters vives ore those
hate gen Tf they coun have te ary that was righty"
‘thaed. they coun? make cr works thers then they mals
Bore ther word mith ut
‘What isthe qchest way to corrupt « mer? Give hin
shat he wants. Jost lke thet. Se tte hm ono aver
Blotter Make oeaty thot he cont hap tut ook for ove
More and more unt hen longer knows any ther may toe
shat he warts nd thenhiwarts become reeds Thenhe's
Trapped: That's when hes copoble of enythng to full hs
doses, no matter hom deproved
"The mensters stepped fighting wand stared heb
us. Sbty, they pot thee powers ct er pond cd
Shore ‘hromledge with os They made lng end led Te
bold rect enpies them to power They sores ut

wiht ond haved ro epee. Ty edo at

with the pleasures of the flesh Love Decime hast. Neb
became brutality. And when our ancestors aw what they hat
become, the oy ured fo despar whch the path 7 e
They the Sranestbecase wrt wa they Po et?

"The cancer hd token aot Pretty gon noone coud el
hanana trom monavert The creater hod crested the best
of both worlds for themsehves

Tue Messace

We shou have geen what nos conn when theyre
nist toa tee

T doit how about ny "sen of Go bt Jesus was stil
gL Ie reed of wh rae hare

"compassion love. T don tek he herd ¢ message

frombenven pt hisheart Theprosiem was hehehe
{es openly od he vin ws Yoo for removed from the shape
thot society hod been warped ite. Jesus mary uci The
Creatures plan without eer . Losking back Tm
sirpited the monsters ant hl hin ot guchar

People cled Jesus the_Messch_ He tried to share a

(night. but whet he was yg wasnt onything

rem, Test the opposite. He was trying Yo remind us of whet
Wwe were lke betore the monsters got tei Claws ito us

"Therensterswortedustoforge! Thetwas thereat ar
inonutenell Forget aur better sees, forget what was ke
Ine who! ness ond fears Bur Chest sipped hau me
rocks He was we ence were Hehec ponerse =the
tron hx Hewat ohare resern Sct hw ct he nessa Te
Powers tht the ensters hod token from a?

espe dont eve realy forget
{rstrue Scetitssayweremenoe

Ever hear thet?
ymecrperience

— ie pet _gertog_to thse memories thts the prblon
Soneshere een rte everyone of the shepret forest
meso! ses Soe hove been fared tore sere
Doecearc snus ecroany pmlsephyanrelgennave
Sen puted te te fringe Savane he ensters ety fe
Fer ison ronan tohecpur scars wes
‘Sep down ty Seep Soon cr nna, we Won the
‘rath the on hcesiral menery—This ot the nay we ere
ppusectobe Weareivnglceerydoy Therecremorsers
‘Secret we sar Se em"

Soretnes ee engpcreaerrces wear thea

The wordt we hear ce from oradeut Theyre the
vocerot cance, rpg rorecnle wh wewere wih
Sercrchcone Degenerate
Srangee re Sons ngerranra We are
Sipe ogre th me couabe ipsiet schon arses

"Tent heard the weice of his subconscious ond clei
God dentiyng withthe relljon hebrew 0 6 boy He
Coulsnt help The monsters hed pt that eats his head
Sent from birt-— he end entry other persons onthe
flan! Sant py reomuch attenontohatsgongonsrund
Joo focus ln soma nebulous wor Yo come

You con ia hea the masse asi rot ett ight.
That wos es trae then on if feaoy. Maye I" Youre
Upon yor envrenment bat youconsee the tthand
‘iting whet te So coat

nstranderstondnhet he dbeen show He thomthe
snspreprng they foro parasae 9 cone rast wan
ep tenho mcd ar When hey came fore wert te
‘lone tthe snuhter: toning thet heaven wate romerter
Siro The poor barr He even forgave trem before he es
SE thy got good aah ct of Ter one

Werner make the sme murtake hn id

Waar Ree Wet

To:teclet isteheeveract oc
Farce?
Sujet Our Source
Somenyattese‘crgnteates'Tveheartwaudnaeela
{ey nace aynperetc atbowsnchelabate wehare had
cf Fesjstang bout coos sides othe Hall Wor vs
ajaratte varprsrespetsendeas-ren filing abt
Sernashuronn eas Tat she testeterrua ave orca"
The stings" havecleinedoutrinds They on stick
‘be sewersendoutn te lnely woods They ve setup hopin out
beliefs onddeos allo outhorty we Seether exe = on TV
Stoners berks, ondof course onthe poverrnent Seco,

phis. can't believe I once admired you.
Usavcotforgoten that Lowe you my fe afte that
sn Albany. Forthat alone | woe't count youasan
‘Enemy. Bur dont crom path with me agin.
"Make your peace with Christ the Savior, Mem=
pis, while you still can.


Tha salljstameans on end, and hat end is smaty this:
scsetrlThey coal what we see, whet we lear and ere
wharwe believe Kyou moughvceree cn son oe Wil
Beshocdy volence Enoughhated bosted by azulsne bass
beat end prey soon we emoreocrupedbyout dtereees ha
(ucorence pentyl ctne eronsnand ore
‘WeforoshowforfPceyoucan dance!

‘anevdicamate Cotbed noursen fey walkameng soe
‘omaidand shape usand:ake vs reek them
Then cong comes
Isieatysomystesou itso stange, what we are?
We'retreagentsofGodenfarh
That ssarryn oe wars ohear tay "Wed toed
sat howe *ecny=" Wedenteed vai waa one pe
\Gearducme seacrdohoe nie subs Wed Teva
cougar ioyaty Weneyordeocs are prad cous
People ee ble fosshender oid They ve ben cr
tovgioveuc ony byes Asateni ey became ccs
outro wale ber vploarytiryiree inpanon, they siaue*
Ghyou Beng godin col Fsalabigeteto tem andmostet
‘shee em Unelweotopod ckat ecarecion oes
‘Now Idan thear anyone lating
Geditowedvatretruh andi spacey hogs otewt
wsmace! ennrow He sped tutlbece Wedel ee
‘G00 &NT S70 STOP THM
numeri can le gore Siwaare yma"
hereon enya tion bse pr
SFemahngoutake pyar" Tha sk merge woe
Balloon worching tron handling teak sein U's Weather
Serce skncd ent id ores rastg fsb meee
don Ynecessriy hike rear new Doweves The
Bible speaks of nigh men" In ys 0
nstrs with thrown rocks ~ sound anything ike Dowd 2nd
Galiatn® Dont we cont out evils Uke the Sclpes oc? See
visnslt the prophets Heol ness Leesa"
Thalsmttottinehumonndtas daca
tegen Thebes it pore ee Comekc st d
Gedarstwesalobou peedandpoincsondars Senta but
eonlyonsowed whoeoudsayieneean Peer wet
etwas calsacine porerces esse ere St
lnomngwharwelnow anise tink sas" jaw
‘wos Sdocradiobe" Maybe te uct were ing wach
ade Peeralis osskiy ase ve A ES
Tome the rote! ace ath Gaon sent ge hese
gtsioso many unbcheves That ste biggest bares How could
Geaertsuh peers nach ol bongs eee
‘atcayary Isow botany sre corestor feo Baars
lwo been sway Bock nfsen Heccinaedtne pretest
Seeetiohurerty whose soleden Fen row Hecters
eapolastorontohemnnowoudipt = fecha Hote
as Burkes root and mercy on soos bones rd Hs
loveso gia! bt even llth energy of irbungenty saves coe
‘mersouthat chert woulsox coded the overt
‘har io Hen Hs ways are outs Hels Texcemed wi wn
(dspendogand waive ndrenamontssswestrent He Uwe
(fetes ancbopetbo we choose tvs ere
‘Malenomisake, Godot oom Hecould ofc
cores wl buthen He de 0 bake ban foxs Ou
‘nor srtt verse would tbe, edwin anomamone gaa
_mltlenly down posed ou Aironet show
esaniyrtierobecebences ae Nowe ve

(CAREY ER i: HUNTER ORIGINS

‘wal Wemusthove heoptonochoose dba dscbutence and
drat. Butheatvoyssoctsthegare pout.

Read Genes. Néoescy,"ityoudisbeyane you suet,
youllbesry you sweet bled ond bate apart nat that
tres enceyourservent No, says, You die" Bu when we
‘Erewed¥p, Heralanied and ches venus cosmic breast
‘Gadopan mcluingsending Hssontosoveus Now wehave
hopes ace Weateshownthe evitnshors gente we
‘Sboniet taenabveuscnoce bustlococe Youcan*tnaly™
Goese osce ahve eral God who sbeen tere,
Oryoueanlookawe. Aschways. SupIOVOU

wwmy choice

We vac Guoscx

remember the marches in irmingham. Ive got sors
where opie gst mye [remember the deodlsokinthe
{aps eyes os he Bet my father to the groan But we hept
nog. kept on protesting We shal overcome

We Gat know what tee to do. The world needed
changing nd we were gin todo somehow

Vaulrow whet Imear? We've dysbeen ecists ll us
These oye tot mers yar ether bl Tobe gedit the
{ynbelel the ive nd mene IY ot col a Reon Se
oc for tre wer The word cnt be caged gh?

That's what _they_want us to think

Wie oay sree thet the worl wait what i shal be
We tnsties& the compton the greed od the fear we Son
{ronda We ine Sep down tater apogee
Sy We cant go lng wth he rest We cau fin

"There were oh we wo be one, wth the fasten
spore tor votes The werd was wrow cd we hod To are
uc were cve gong tofelanypecce Suef whe fe tat
‘ree cached chars have come fof muchinter mfeA he
restiesness the hey, the one tg ol of ws share.

We hove grontoted cout acu ifefallennand out
of couess ruses os weve trad to find some way 1 fight
Sook Equa rns enoronmentsinghs, ree speech posite
cr pro-choice cnthing that spoke Tour discontent. some of
SS fer coed o be solders or policemen Others becrme
Secronets The detole rt realy matter Wewere ying te
Get ox hands runs te thet of on ews enemy me could

"That's why the woke is cays let for us Were cron
sosine iptnngros Atel tose yey of Fruyieg indy,
tne eby ph reg Theat barsers We fly ete with

Someone cart mays ies. Thats the fin strom. The
pling of wvocert bleed

Ferme. itwasonte sdbwy Tneve tsk the seo uty
bythe tne got ff stot the Walder, was Yo ete fore
somurtobecetchngthe rontevrkon Trmasarony nh rely

Tor frelight lae@bunter-netong

‘were® killing witches and
the Prince of Lies has slfy hidden

Sehe mth. Aferall ory cwitten bythe winners.
‘Thank you, Travis Bickle: Next up, a man fom


‘StndemyaprmersthengraeereTncunyes arene
Som Ease ekg sofa rere a wy yang mer
aust seam to op flng chor My fs a Seared
Dhrgonttor ou heasegtar these orrece Tee
(rasconng buck Those fos tot y myers pat ch
{rctrano The wee wort was gong tel. seg ote Bt
{eave ery doy Tpit weed toh sone

"There wat on ther persin nthe away car wth me
‘A youn wht gr, you enaigh Yo be my Susie T st
‘blur for ony from her asf cou ot fk mach ie
talking Uf ded opened her mouth, Mare'ro teling wharf
mont have sa ep

"Themes nan caneina the cr trom te enresrest
thegrt Heese youngbuckmen norgped wp rmy ca ord
tomout Jeon: The Bght of bm pat ose me ogres T
tought cov ol the erches, ft Deed tat Syn
Mong when the bet of ws daa I thew coast cl fs
‘Quen, rowing oy my ode my easton oth for
Senha jst the cod starve ote ect

"Then sowhis eyes landroy tne acorpe. Hissin
wot suddenly the Sher of aahes He ane of me ¢ son
Siretchng of ose rong ipa eveing chen src of
teeth. T fount speak coach? move wri the Thing
ened and graed the white gry The that

Ti'renember tht aght forthe rest of my ite
That pctre of cbomination T suSeny ender
‘toad what theaefngerthodbeenpontnge.
chin Aprile 1968, rk gers porting ote
monster nthe mise

"The thing fore open hes hoc. She
bichad ed ord ond renter epg
lok in Pa eyes. They were bog be, De

Te crvedastchbade nmy se sce 973 Taner
hadarecsnto use" before Godims wat Eua havoed
Iie ober onnbicknorn nahaeierpe unto merges
{ecrchivfe Bur Toe ho sont eben ropeces Telefe
Steve te ht nan one! fe Oh novo ore

Te tha Yo others She ut sce than The Stale ore
tere bt he exerince & the ae: Nery sho te
trereer dare The trewrse hegead sheen ewer bt
roving #0 preng a the dead come bck oe Tv cart be
Teor wit Tt cart be he back Tt en ony be esr.
Untenopeces Therdroesrcetrre ese rereersio
ease fe the Jaret may for fonder how sok
Weridre econe oun we ow 9 tomese op oe

1 coy tage angry t others the net who dor see
thong lery as wee We hove co remertar tot est
them hover een fhe el Thor Ives Ha we hove,
he former wether We were chore lang befor mee
see enemy realy ws

Tw vo Lica AF ee

Tr seen more of ure geting the whe p ey oy The
worse thingy become onthe sets the scher fr sey oe*=
Thesnnnerne ve: ges ueteen rc onebeass Meresre rere
fer soon the ruth cae tek Mas ore coming 903
hen The ren riz gig een twa prec The
‘eretershawebeenat ferhucredsct years moengsmoreand
‘rele them Prey Son thar wen? be oy arg back
‘Wedorthave time tek things over We ceThave tne
4 think cbout other peapl's wats tr neue The howe son
‘cw of we dort ct fast, Tolga obama the roune
Defersless people might et cought nthecreasfre Wet
spare them ery fears NeP everyoody can be sve


‘Theres tobe arecioning A sient reruton breskng
the moneters holden the word We wont make the sme
Imatokes os those who cone before us We dent have ry
likens cet what the enemy wil do Tous. And we wort step
witha single street e a sie city Bleck or even¢ age
‘ary. Were gang to take Sock tee Earth one bios >
State, end Heaven hep anybody who gets nour way

Most of us are ging to die. That pat the way t
There ore tenof them for everyone oft and theyve ad
andreds of yeors te learn how Yo protect themeeves Fock
We're al gong toe sooner eet plon on Yoking
mony of thom with me ce Icon

"We won' be rumbed bythe evening news. We wont be
sichaned'oy the teleshows We wart be deafened oy he bes
of the polticans. The revlon il ot be tlewsed

Ling lve the reveltion

Tue Yruva ls Hipdex

Sable FWD Staton opr Nownber Jomay
From ite

TafrtphtatGhair etry

Sandy Newb 4 ride Mohd

Sando fr oral moth | wae aie
[irate dine ay
ot ora late Taco a

ory had lh igh eta sd ma
Hadanabarcnam ate omni aanback wee.

bicabyglocimyueyoonitoyeecandngatecenda os

‘oashorcoutan als tts crating Pe patna
nigh ria cnt Ru ar

MessaceFrow Bryon

Tusa Nowmber 8 Tr
|e aera rac Ma 9

ten nndllovedrelushadarsedtoan Pest rygrad a

Kimo qacLand pln oar aly we tcc

pty wteogor apr din west gwme saa ma
Mop oct anndne tought two batearowatdithe eb
th tens Ty wer mons Bo thy war oy Bang or

snaa Wesrgndta and pen hat saber Sg dy
gw how carbs po chad up.

Thana gtelns yb alfi Somcrer nwtnshounste
ended ben pum Ma thease
talig tal pete wet ea nd yg yh

eld int hd be sens Ntng So male ese

ack gn meta eck stad ou et

ES sat dapat eng toa he

‘Sabject: Power tothe People My Ass

Spate me the paycho-political bullshit, Mem
phi Te sounds to! me like you'e talking about
Something alot bigger than puting wood on a bunch
of leeches A New Workd Order, maybe? I've heard
Stories abou you lay. You wouldn't happen toknow
aything sbowt « not over in Harlem lat month,
Jrould you! A whole lot of pised-ff people yelling
[Fil che bexbuckers" and going after any Jewsh of
‘Asian penn they saw Fteen people died. The faces
fn the news dide't look much like monsters tome.

Revoltigns havea way of ruing on them

be engl tl praca Dyan ta na ich
ct Fay bce at ore

three aa hee
as scrcong he blrg un e.g What
saving gat yo aa a aera La ee

hn # happened There

fash of gn Ha

rowed Tag

Macha unhook fu peck ind of
fo uated anf a on ack

her him dak shat guy No

i eitand ad ath go nthe

ody cpa out

Hest hahadoaep mvig Hawa re
sen ra

ety dc wn ec add Aha
‘uaa enpyg te bd i Litany ck et
‘Sepa ah stay gga
ae raren Sainaddomppstesitoarenstaon,
tepecka patl Tynggoend ee pop cee
cre Mom ong bash Nah gel lator tak.



‘Yue Suan Ex

Fray Nowe
896 hous ea
eschng be bes ian bere et
tees rg ay

8. ck

fattatrecomeriine Vewosionerenptng eet
‘oncom afl eee een ao
{toa malas more aes in fe er ar dn
‘pany "asst Pop how g pet dit on wo
opt em by shar nen ce
fh commen ctr sa on Yoo mao
ndeneetulterceahrdindatrop td wat cya carer
uae matt appeal rpg sate
Tat tind so or
stoshysone cept rar are San
kod hun pcp borg a maacars wan
‘Chanel uh fina ng ot By
tonecthen pophtin hey etemannr cnc epectonm
fare hcl overynor camera acter
thong leer an tig east
Wate aa rena
fro ore tou Out aa ae port Pa wer

ooucrmSt anda tne 8 on
ats hig bang

tha be pace Bly ul ay he
or ote fa wie et ere
Serhan? a mad wal

Wad a abe ra! ar ey a ot

Nomen meee
Tall nat» af oe en yo ake
fe ays prone cnt da ny Bt tl

iatevchaempen Sremniy yok haven eaisetobiecen

Meech ingen cram leat store nda

tating pt Ser ors sano Mn

thee pra der
Worth a sharyent tam
‘hogan ingens ara ae
tri ee

‘eed sce on ghng ese

canbringl beer enghng Be ments i er wwngto

‘tater end plate Uanngar hve a ma

CHAPTER HUNTER ORIGINS

Tut Most Danccrous Game

seihearypenenharwboiscarieabl wii word ey?
That subareas tirgsae ous Sens es swestoyremeato
‘be Dosa flies sbowthiasvajets and Bookwanmssis 30
(ages errs heinybereresct aan dusts
Sul wwe folly okng about ere sour topes Noother
Peeprosteninalesseee Wevercaled we wae gfe ably
eethanen iy ae ond we were ven power wih whchiosrMe
‘Sim reste earner ofthe Heald fot wehunt down ese
Creates We fe not supposedtoglto ow them =i we wet,
dn we be ale lobeartbe vcs goss os wells seth
Soper te were mero negate hy oer 'e Bn poweso
(estoy Te set ey cuaucvclogscisson BookwormsSsoens
Jobin meat Sgr cuseheswhPeatansen BUT
senowteaariobe wy woudte MesseReshoveshoan test
ones ner py Rochas?
Even of ype these words, Ican imagine o reply fom
orworm Ne doubt wil be couched ahs oa meace ot
settpay butt wilcure downto is sce our perceptions came
nthe Heals how dowe know they Tere
‘Wecm Ikoows ofsouse Thee'sacenan amount aah
voted bueno #teqans carrera nae Pushaps hal
perceve wit vars eons ama Sowa?
Ffeinowtarsuethe we we ae witout Beglia ie They
nde bes sources suppers ong useante dey
Win he they howe nahn ea ornexsoste? Whe
cries span siren coer wee PM ed
biog andes | ve munbuin ove awoke fearon hte
Boredom forsbarges of wondsoceven balan,
Teme em et awoy wih rue becouse ey he 1409 ere
hortetrahispenedtner ons Car fey a Ue wolves
x ager sacs oer ht ony Puan would
Fogt ime! low hey evasees
Goodness and purtyhavenfhing ogi tm secrecy, Only
courses hes lowe

Vowrnecs
hn Petar cee nd as on wie
Sonecbow wins hespesots ate soa aane!o
Doce tease apis Teebacksans
retnngaee trem bane wie note
THescotsesee ik eobvosparer te pending
‘cmcttnodtramefchal te oberevs tow
‘evar se ey knae et ances OrLrved
outs opovry blr ey edocs lng NS

Tor frelight lst @hunter-net. org
From: hunter
Subject: ET go home!

‘Give me a break, Soldier. Tur off the TV and
baie the library. There are legends of vampires and
werewolves going hack thousands of yeas, along,
time before recorded eviization So your whale es

{apertura pollton® iil lame

‘Stop wasting bandwidth onthe xf movie of
the week and stick eoscmething woeful ke bow to
_stphowphorou- upped bulletorwesponsthat dont


blood s0tha! we sight hove ile ele ral tee rom sn These
‘vammites tye themselves he loess word tough et
orl of polis, mediacodbanis But where Cs! edo us,
{ey creat dea ooo us Where Che pave esBlod ey Seal
curs Where Chis ceed eral pute ie. ese bess ot @
prolonged. debased ving dea Where Crrstcametorenove
Sn verpiesederavechble butt oflnguty

Tstengy specter bes wth he Crvcton Penns
Ihetetottbermumberwos Portus Plate ceene cli ponte
sabe who corded Outed Petes er sare sre
tothemytct bendy wander ew

Tinowihathe Agresiscnd unbeeverscrang yoUare A
suniking vp your sleeves and muterng your post moger™
lotudes abou how antag cn be pose eatery
{ae Oswell aise ec cnor tos wih nj Bere ye
Jbagere ently ope your ees Wealinow bet "fcs* about
‘vampirescan sve youtlfe Byleamingthe "meaning cf these
{oats youtay tocinerefocs toad you niehunt

fot Varcesare destroyed by hese

Meaney Thesunrepeesers Cnet When Ost wascncted
inesinwentdart ben scarce kisustatbeam gral
Farhndallbetwabtena Tht sw sntghbatswarores Pey
aedeah mee teak patos vs steak Bes

foct Vampires or kledby stata through bebe

Meany, The wondute Soke nore te weal crs
TefeshthevarerecenepestEan utah etl Te
snbloodtotaureks hebodycarestune reread
St topped aero andaeo 8 aden

fax Varpiresebt ener woke tnecp oc he
Sweeneliledon brtayhdacoventoctr pace toot

‘Meaning This isthe outward sgn othe Great Beast Satan
hasalwaya been anaciotd wibancras porta fe way Bock
‘otbe serpent nthe garden Huron begs. beng mode the

‘mage o! Gd naw fe wiland can choose aetween ev ond
ood Sotanand ib oer faenPavenosuch hoor Uke rots
{heydonothave ora ogeny. sth ony chace

‘Suarcounncens

Trwanyn athe cect 9300 er Whi Barc 80%
many toes abou peop bur he bers reeds ore
‘owodurisdiel ewe Bebcalpecedert

Vorptes wer once hurnan bua mse shapes
sever were Pethops bey te Leraly demons ~ talon angels
‘Gowkernedio ne orenghuranses ey can ono wear
Sebosedtonms alee wa they con

"That aid there are many factorsin common between
vvompitesndshapechangcs Varnes have been Sbserved
Changing ito animals and dsploying animal features. Both
‘monsters daplay vast stengts and speed and bot Bey On|
bunanty Moye suosessfers ore sry fom vores wo
ove becure atfongerou oss! he darrage thes at]
nncinedothin hey ae someting Genet Fronetire Bey
Gremotnewe mvela pices veLe romp es who were Once
Iumanand who mus ay cose other amen vite)

satiny rtredscons caste sree Resear
oreeedialenengels Woot eral wostuectine Be epebed
Sohn ron Heaven? wos ery fhuman oscrc poston Thos
planet was aveniousto reas we see GeeGeness1 28-30).
Sxdicrgusoway tom ober bkden Sennett
Sowanuenuteion Heesnnecttasense Mepomredes

cmerettondainwtalsous Imsve thsi sibel tude
EasgaerebrvnalI mabe. nawhatte hopes
Seieeeso-cales Guan movant Atal Pesce ate
Seakdcbeyhepina reocttecer way ore sete
Bie # soma invadhopasanngors lic Weca Phone solo
ode ~aciever lov ge usio sum tectnology. hake out
pases aumasaanteatato he swerdotfomgssaNe
Redesinbehed War Peoudbeqatcocapideeohrou serine
Semesbtichusiinpeng pokey

‘Swaweizes

Resort nokingshod epedtontwcahnseadalven
penahty Thecooosbeielporae slans buteeare Seay

Gongto tome unteshedbuscss  ocornectantothis wotda!
‘cenptentarwososrytheyooudh Ise pia Heaven en ay
‘Sed Unc sinners. hey reac pede oe fo he away
Sindstmertsathewed Ory titee Ks sooty
Geese niveybades oad asa essen
"possiyr stenoen) feyresde nbodesoscvodost sp
Revlon pred hate wire Glan 20 1218).
basamtae tate meng nie tad Tees "rows? enotParos
was assunedtobe wrt hguatvely. cot spossbethat we
Shred heme prophecy oo sel-absotbed wih ot TV and
ponovonty sense Puhopssotew people wee worthy
Ropraetorwhettbeyvonshed. ei unbes wre tee
Wspossble.isjstpossibe tol we are God's scourge fo
earache wedi tepartn for he Tew Herken
‘Ornayoe Helse al

Rors

Wheat wary dood ar senplyidles ogi
res heressomathing lon" gpet cos" aang hem fhe 30
alle 1 wo renee undies not charay Thre are :NaY
‘Sndontes bweenotsond venpes novo Doc hos
Scharstetw Bu lfinet derecesor arian Rat oral
‘nse pyc ted fh Blood tena, andthey af ot
‘olprabieto suit These are two major ponsol separation
Birecctenondte a Orato tava se

‘rose 7gesorbedhersan ot beings svi
who wmodecpar nora walrbeleedscte ng Hae it
(Gelnove mneountodnss het) whofe ay belongs
odasscousenbargan Image adyngsenet Wioutejzoce


sponble Unhepactoldeoh whe hs sousmas vunerble
Srddesperatforemanatocnediotsesedy sscmetnng*
(pprerheshin Sonetrglelshin bathecanssumto te wed,
ante vos ose ends conto ret ct unfspedbvsess
Worrrerwnddest ttepior skecosplbe at moe
athsieanrekedbgyonomnscn weet? Packer ss
‘rubles muctless ben echoes sores emacs ans
Fhlendenng spouse orcempt spear

Srairs

Abstofpeopl seem obeteve hatte sie spew sce are
Ibeghostsctbe lve Inert cance Iwasa
fpetwenyouded youwentioetven Helor Purana
‘Sounding natal ak vos ater coton. Fist cl 23 es
weve esrb he fares Ween afin caing paspestee
od info he spat sbecalsisone oe Lod ope code
ra wneasy nhs ve So pchape spam
(Respictnecead beaeunevooct riots wc Hheshenpes
Cherght eno ooko¢9 wich acwatock reat 5 hee
Sheen fotnai gros atu ues owe pow
‘Onthelherhond, many ott spits ve seen bear only
statchy esemblancelobunanty Tet Dumas form soy
Seiten tomate rtesquetear.rescthe mae Naz4y ng
Te seen spirts with estaces fangs even wings Way wa
Itinrsuche thing wos adsod spa wmatenes tore ioe
image oa demon or tmp. Those spi bl lata bene Sead
tmay nly berakingaplaytocou sympa:

Sonecres

Wry dopeople eed labore hecoes tein ent
ho borgs leenexianialip you end witout rexnase hed
bovngabou!paychepowersW sample Son ests
Mrerid When hursonty fella ace rough dscoedsece
fs worsen corpedordvar vee LP Cah
‘When se people wih urnarura cota wad ave
odoubtinsy dhe weispeng olfht power What yo call
‘ek issinly be subtie Wiest Stan oF work na way he Pas
rodmmliernstozertt
"Ivo at ht my exoaneres win our napa 9
lessescnsive han ht fates ante! bute sexe sme
hen Bookwoon$§ who numbers hese besos Mateends
‘drs sceinghisally Pup use supemotwal powerioFarass
‘dsteal Trowel Zomesstoseery enor cod srg
‘Sadie. Te one! ook out was valvedn Sonic res Taw her
‘Outinthe woods, leading a rove of women ndevious tvs
Simple wihpestagram anna for andy sanadress |
Suspect hati had tnlervened those women would Dove
‘oertaty made hi pe sige los Boot oc wnat
roundup the nat otadevieh caler
‘Asawordlothe ws. spoteda second mein' n ators
lds el rect whe wos wang win spy athe wos
\wory-buhedeaty wasaprest Hesse gaxeandinew Pet
Thodtamdnmau Heted Heuowed ptt congopsion os
thaesreno ete Inve fees be toe ype ee
Tilsend my eleven formato ieanyone who warts. bu be
‘wored~ Metter whhinedaeo ches ho conceal ss Na"
Tenner peasrysudoce

Ovnces
aol tear one te se eectokod eos
sus ect leabe cosy somthing et Sl ote
SSepsnee wieedineth tn tons con
Yenammomdcalt TeNereias Fasondcboar
soya inoway asec et heb Tobesee Pee

ERI:HUNTER ORIGINS

da Orrojbetsredeoen haryenct ey wins

Ontesdoe betounscursine Thepecrearen testy
tocarabatsn fey aren idles anes hey ten Tae

Monk omecriocaen 0sayedadenct bgkrhwn
bout 40m ownthe ogo) ~ was enol ry sad
Gouna wrote twos Tepe er were bun
askarge weeenovswoy Thecxplsowvasatelownamed
‘hin Peter Sane When fas vised )notced tha olew people
seanediohove stl renereerng>e soar snare woud!
ove cvennoteed excep tat Sloane serned so stray ond
Souccedunen ne localoucnercouen recalnen

The nex day. even more people were having ouble
remembecng hi —laskedspecicaly When vited hin Ne
‘cened pomercaly patel bo! waseven looky tn ld
‘ennecouldcome away within bute wasteibeda he very
"ca Iremearocr he sat be would lode sway even ose
Seton ere oremndeonle

Thehrddoy Soon was Anringarcundinihe sects adhd
screaming snare People were easy abou sou dene!
errgawoy eyewogeowayouren Fooly fe potcecrrecrd
fouschenat Inevobeptiniiohen antedeptessadthey
‘everDearofhan Ibn nanajedo eo ee im ane wos
ystrca Reaseredery upset cops han teenth
Gnschen They cucsedhinin be dranitens0 seep ft

Teneo PteSloae wage Noonererberdhnat
ci Butbey were hovegoube eterno hd Mevhs ate

Thete'n¢wayto tell bow any people the Naxne ot bas
osedAtew ntowa seetnto howe on nkinghat something's
Seen y conte rm nerence where people have vanished
Expy hovsts Abandoned businesses Noone remembes hee
cverbergopiabes tough Meds wossuteshchodn thadioea
tstctiownogel tole ined Noone coudremerberwhothey
Siesed shertt The whole pale depart wos putes

do thoww what shappening there or why. Whales the
Name fates creature roc nap spy one alien
Denoeson seems use ts vchmalo vite each othe |
Ecudn endow ostras ot bolok atte pooper

ke when! elived hat people been speaking ofr tee
ostosno seowholwas /dhinklatostarper wuld sadou!
Dm pce tot bute i reenbrne aal

TheNareloermaybethe mas durant we scene!
wets sojne nnn vertsbty ote ety coi: Dl
nk soir need iol study before can be erolcted.
Beare yourepoeabictogo sore podhase ress Youdee

Tos firelightlse@hurter-netorg

Covuter did youever sce the pest"DoctorsReport"
something ike that? This doce in Aftica saw some
‘hing that sound ki of like whar you describe — an
fefloence covering 2 whole town in his cave it wa just
making thingscary fr creatures. kindof like how some
rcs ar smemune to dee aed serve as hoses, aking
fee tees sick? TM ery to digi up or ind a reference for
ou Maye what you's isa more mature verwon that.
Soesa' nend tse "lee" create todos diy work



Genenat Princirtes

sc iyseng or es

CHRP ER 2: THE HURT


PAWN
SHOP


Wiaitatew bouts, Tpit agin. Rect tis proces unt the
‘lan in lenge lamang I topped 9 fos toto deen
permet alam stines one dy and he every tuned ol
fhe whole sysem Toot gh | waked a vnaroouroed ses
house on fe and son han down with 9 tk ween be Bed
through he bok door

"You cn ls lake lesson ten "Psycho" and ack when
yourlorges proccuped ond stock Notwal he foe ot
Wercarng a asrocon van bee oredeus Beet bere
beware creating on Slormings atrcten That only makesthe
(Geatueoet A boeng oc nondone stacton sr petra
For crore scaleogue and acowere to boudsucker
[ouisana wos nthe alo wasnt ca wo every Foday
fig beore gor Puneng. A ample se ~ pong os DA
functonares ret supe! the couste hemi aed got
access We hd bend the access doot unl we sow the
Vermpie's BMW ener Unce# was coveted wih sup, was &
"ple nates Yo gt around Wo the ses and wedge te Soo
Shut The vampie wes unowor unt we pure Sealed gos
otic powdered sadiun onthe hod. Aste var aed
wwbe sot 1st outta wate Teny pcr ees
Jno the jog Dosing sodun i the cs rhc By fet pst
the ct wash wes on he Fras cycle. Fe hone who dw
Solum eas woleay wih wok

Tas Ime norrwe dations the inponree of plore
We hoo be prepared del wih Be cle te gos Sts
We bod to have 9 weapon thot woud be donguovs i he
wwoeroged stg ore cor Wass And we Rod make Sue
the conedges our pats wer scaled 30 ot hy would oe
‘own when wel It wodked The vampire nevet Dod o chance
Because she never expected macs to ack ero righ ond
becouse she never expected 0 bur o Gea in car wast

Isotarion

inoloton on be as vluabie os supe a same cases,
moc 50. Siar and powerful creates suttound themsees
wth sera od wen he less Soweto band
Toe protecton Be bis the won fe Bld ct the weakest
member of tbe etd and kil off fet. Conte picking ll
Shogo the Srongest fxced

‘A tresennnd cea s fen ike te cons oan een
layers eset bespities must be cenated befor You 5
‘ctess When pecting fs onan, do # ether Quy ote
Slow you can ok ot aloo vamp Bios loves cow
‘moc, you be well prepared © ry et mask ne LE
‘ol obemaon. Bt ts f not usualy Seale. Gue 1 sheet
‘eames ot pecpatedsest hr cose YOU wart pr ome
Sf perv o there then leave tbe cece aloe fo few wes
‘¢ even months let bank he Bat deol wos on lated
ide. Then vake nother o fw, cd fade back Work on
‘nother beas fa wie Fce your ee fake mee eps 8
Sete el youve lucky, he sear bec 9 tea
Sued rn mmdins peoecios tha aquanees en
{eervtngnavces 0 protect Once you we stepped tol eer
ced Docymuards, you con ake @ clean sweep of the

Ext Sreaviey

Scmeane coce said that fing pons ike panning ofa
ate odd hat fing pan fr tate coronas fate
Inples speaking be rood) get of ings go wane
"don eecrencod pong slo tess you ely row wot
ove ding sol massing ere 0 gue Have feast one
Tove venice ecape s andmnke ur everyone hos yo
rows whee ley Ghaden Moke sce hae os Make Sue
(heres aback pun and ate see Fs hen Snell Plan 3

ER2:YHEHURY

Sureyou ve fr wash bags heb song ing both inte carond
fm your person Tht wey en inted Pesan wont spiced
feecsic evdence ll over the car Be Tedy for mpes —
ondoges tomes. 0 founque!,sedatves nd pols. Be
‘ody fo puro too vers porto cone dssvode
wean fee Be "very corel wah laws, ovph. They Oe
Unstnke con pet you m secous ovble wah he low

Fraly have oor. Pepa beloehand peoctce ond
berendy tau coch oer Seek io noma wot tthe pote
Soot onkrg qostans. Your soy should expla any utes
‘Batoceur Buss. buses devs ae much easier ohsty han
fRshots. of couse ~ especialy you don! own the Run
(gestion. The ory Ive used mos ofits the "bung gone
Song i cov emia 9 wie vorety of rye

ld edo pour gation he camping"

on was chopping up some wood forte fie when the xe
od few ot and wet co Dons on
tangled Mwerteandhit oe The gir? We wer insuchanutry
toto toe spl ht we usc i's shou top ot
nd et we conde uring

The story Pal mater ess thon the uty of te Helles
Dent rbware pomcular Bases. bu ape 09 the Rental
Catines, Copa ely dont wart ioPvesate ony ote Da

E nowevet, You el shot wih bullet that matches thse
tovedt cre Sane get ot ttown fost You ould have ke
‘Scretcatars to show people fats poss be

Tuc law

athe eyes of te low, we are crinals. The "ctmes" ve
sanrited of probably suet o keepin inprsoned fo he
‘esc tual ie. even wihou conederng te elimina
ftiood Howes Ot he op of ny eo. her's on, breaking,
Servet veal Stes cans pt actos sat nes
achorpng rears wits cy Its ~ oto mention vlan

From: gardener6?
Tor fircight lst @huncer-net oop
Subject: Huh'

Hey ping. bt you weren't expecting mhear frame
sgn, ch! Tan't explain typeI eaghe I waste
Rikedwheril sow totthejaigewasablaalstve. mean,
fgpredtheydrabeme ower thecal! But any tne there
weasany erence ofthe weird shicthar happened — le
the boedbucker thawing cas acund ce busting into
flames when ldeaprdhutn othe sn—thejudgetheew |
Jeurthe evidence. He wound up leruring the prescuting|
[atomeyferbesng wayyy then mace abigspech about
owhechoughr wasprobably ul burhadtoberelesed
nthe nee ence procedural juice!

‘So,T'mouton thestreet. My name is mod, but
fre. en sillkindof cared, hough. While wasirimy|
eel, che judge came to sce me all alone. He looked]
really pissed off and sd, "We're lecting you go this
ame because you didn' kill anyone important, and]
because we can't legally nail you without revealing
[too mach. Bat we'll gt you. Don't ever doubs that"


an not saying this oeog about my "set vot" Fon
sing elpyouwalze whot you'r ping 0 bove to do. Face
teabty sedate oti lw f God okes necessary teat
tholows olen Speake er nyse know wich ne as
Steentrced inthe cod

When one comets ces, ne mut be prepared beat
wih he law The case! way i fo avod the mess sey by
Dvn no provable cones you can get st own. oe
[pb witout being sen. ond get Ou without leaving foresi
‘dence, you have ie fo tar ton fe pobee Ths 9 ta
tater ofcourse ~ especialy for people who refuse 1 ve UP
‘hetimundane secur actos God vanes These weekend
warton" of fara of fis tom Stes ioe "psc
Stem than tose of us who Pave Ray accepted te cal. But
‘ren those who have chosen opartcua area os ee Na
fake measures io pote beretves.

Fit of avd beng seen Unless you pry i nctumal
‘ue tg when youre less Ekly be spomed. Soto ot
(onto al coprted on fin. Dispse youre ~ een tgs
25 simple os sungses odo weg are que Uschi Pecnons
youvereodolhe Yotoacd tor = Ronda — atucderous
{Wve large vn-yan too he middot hs forehead? He >
‘he of us, hough do Bink he's on he ist Hes isguse is
Sipple bul remanably elec Whes people se 2 S701
inthe idee of you tcc Ba sa they reer ~epecaly
‘ow thatthe hat fslfhas came lage far No wines bos
oun ale to cobaretydesrbe hs fce Na Dept or eve
{alatThe oly thn at Soy ser meds hs emern
Nosy, the "ston" i complet removable

Thera ofeyow messes 470 Meessat v9 ke 28
(he beasts own "defensive clroton can woth agent he
Drones who sce © pre! ot @ demon' re brn ate Lay
Decor 20 hae they can ve ry cobs estoy
ral Focedwih such Rosharn"ceunatoces Tre poe are
te forced to ove weight fo any shy tats consent

‘Aad et, the bes dg the world wen The ou you
wave forensic evidence. Pagers oe eos cba pb
ler ond owes the most ebvaxa arswet 1 tax fun etbet
(doves Sore peter ruber, which or Baposabe ond ona
Drovide beter protection ojos infacton, but | lke te
fockness and rextonce. Sore people go 0 fr aso cot hee
alr ond tegutps win ruber cect Ts sounds food bt
Fade wered abou seconds otal ype corn ef te
‘Wott pose ene. levng behind oper pressn of fe
pnt Door ofcourse bas dacued sutzcl meteds ot
Fernovingtngespins, Thats well and good butt you sao" get
vu lck of pits soy og Yo make he pobce mee
ert they Powe @ aay suspect

Feary oe not the oly forensic pt. nox even the
wort Ht you leave a fegurpen, fats ony oul you se
cliwry inthe ingerpnt rei iyo ve ever ben na fhe
‘nila or fovenurcntaernce Baad\s worse Fagen we
(fb blood tends fe sew, end You fo io Bospielfx an
Sur, Ws not ecbly bard forthe fo etch vp the anes end
cexnpare DNA. Heit ond skn can be Wovble. ough sth
faser fo thnk up uses Remerbet el bot and stn onty
lowe you ate scene fate fie. Blond tees hao
‘wore jue there, especialy Blood Io quanty

That's witout going i ftps aod tee wocks and
clothing tibet. Rook yout res fen, rentcars under assured
ames, Sy as of ew shoes oe ole bem you wore amy
fn a muddy day. There ace counties things conse, But
tally bolls downto being aware of you presence and your
froces Stok weed areas where out fotpcats can vers
Deneath couniess obers Deve on mon foods Wath mat
you wear

It worse comes to wort, can be posible lo escope
‘heough lege ccanery. im aware of ene fellow in Glasgow
Into te apacchended afer hook ng tbe head of @ share
ead doyee ahs exlgrnent for utde, be insisted on
(ovtopay othe allegedvckon "To the supe od constr
Seton ct the cout tbe Gator unequeocaly Seiad tbat the
cased od been deod for monte belte Ns supp033
‘funder ~ thot bod foc been embalmed. The defense
abbled together some Stary about a vesoine pra ord the
Sehendant's "byserical overreaction" The cout bod tie
‘hots but wo buy

‘Aer al. he elmatve would simply be to bizare fo

I shardtobave fait When you wal oso school and
se that or cheren ore being voted Dy buon tins,
Duxsung sone wnguesoble opeda when You see sts 8
hutch eyng to Stadt fe Lvag ton oer prose 10 the
eed when you rote tat ey own Your goveunen. that
they canto what you know, fat they influence Wh YOU
Stack and wnen you reali tha os poople would EO
ep things jst the woy they ae. shard.

Scretes tel ae a dom sig on Ws in tbe
smd of foes! We can de ou individual acons, an
Save out own sous we con resis. But] Wa xe | Want
Geant rom Heaven to ste away al fe th and
‘erupten to down he hungry anes, coc oe ool. Een
‘vod ein ashes ~ 9 wad oth ~ would be something 1
Dold Wecen Buidnatg now not when "thot ony Ee
‘Sturn more of out wed ash wh och poss OY

econ wa bates But are we wining he wor?

Semect you how proposed peo! eet ad have ston
Ineexgaced routes "Gatser Nene sce ond pesca fed
tore are you nod" Ths ists ot be way do, bul perhaps
‘he symbol ore we could net os one pon erred fre
two could ox the open. We could "prover out las Were
‘ree ovarwhetrng the deoders and shapechanges By sheet
fete ol ourben Toyeter we coud make 9 noe to ld ot
fem fo sence ~ 0 oie $0 loud tat # would finely Wecha UD
Bete moment

Hwecoubrng ino theopen. rele Jord Stoemaka's
roan tere would be a0 topping vs. Thefongs coud node
tate spits ee sed of song om cover we could boy
ais hen plckng noe hc Plea of power scant
them trom tee vctna Gearing fhe word ol lt menace

"Who's say can happes? We ist ned place fo start

sy ersalem i we rca tbe Hay Cy, we con stort to
fh God's Wor ourwar tram the eat the odd

‘who's wih me?


Pensonat Inrecarry

ela length cbout be psd and tc spe of
paar be uct Now [dike ore amour some we
rosy don! donee os mach oo we sad Ys ne SONS
igi bulbuoks sprnanty bees rpenatapestEC TE
rm ling abou personel megry
‘Godchose coca for whoever easn forth meson
We wore Dangpked tt ths wor Tha mie od
gre ustestrergh fight wih honor Should sce vs CLOW
fhe dark tines Mean. we ony axe
Some yousay! mike a bake eed squawing outhe
sexne rusty hye ore and ove My sept set you send
‘Sine Fd toprepconngsmaett Wehavecbecn ted peat
[28 prot of Gods exsonce ond ner: Yet enya fasion ot
UGthave emaroted ol te ramfearens Uf what wee Seen
You may be able 1 cll are wit 9 mech o Dll
emons wit 0 Word fed wa ouch, buf you don Dave
{ih you we ony ben dtraed by ecco! BS
‘Una you blew, you con never Bt on he whe amex ot Gxt
cndtrly fg Hs wor onrwotrats -rezony anor pysca,
‘demons but gains te sn out own Pers Une we re pre
how con we puny he ward? We ean? How con o coup bong
heals own cotton? gan we con! Bu we gon have' We
ave the power of God win Us H we accept. we cat FL
ut koow that os surely os te sun ses cst we do Sot
spt we con never aucun

Living on vie EDGE

1 arybedys ber atching OV heat coupe of hrs, the
"taht-wingexremist thet the police set mDuuth mene at
tok that mb sn of Bch to qt his, bat he
woul lsten Thought was the perfect cover reg ok
(over the caurtry He could it down lends poste onthe het
fat wd on argc wo, ard get at of Dodge Wel someone
Frat ied nor eden te eagh ome sero?
‘the cops eftenton I bet the feng Sort even have Yo fo
ger, They iat sat bock ond let Pore Yoke course

"Yeupesplenead to get though your heads tht ths iit
4 fucking TV show. We cr hep on mh our cy Wes end go
hunting mersters in cr spare tne Tf you arent sey
Commitedtetrngrg these tasters down tenyoureasgeed
dead You ard everyoe youve eve cared bait

emember tht the monsters hove hos thousands of
years tet the world wp tothe bking Were itera vg
Inenemy terctory. every minute ot every coy Weve got ast
Imere in common with the Viet Cag or the TRA than Your
‘ypicl Great White Hurter and you have te ods your
methods ccardingly if you want 9 ay ive

‘ed, this toh me beck othe Or. Al thse ager your
brothers thelang thay cols fit the Mn tur go home
the beds every mgt It does work tht wy.

Listen up. Tm gong to tl you the same I Yeld them.
these years og The pnciples are the same ones that
Tevokttonones have sed sce oncient times Fellow them
twthout hesitation and your ive to see the fina tory

Gera Gre

You lve ina word ruled by monsters. They own the
politisans, the badges ond the banka Everything you near or
Sezon the TViswhat they want youTo know Theyarefeeang
the corruption n OC and the guage the nner ees They
ont us, fut us and herd us. oe they/ve done es eng a
recorded htory

(CHRP ER 2: THEHURT

Do youundersan?

Pele donthave tne totic the woke. Itsenly
leer. when the acrensne gene ard theyre wag off
sovcon eo nd tat Pig str fo sk Thy ea @
sores They bec the tng opeceswthappe Tot dot
Tango apposed then Icon be posse yr they
onthe ancorosesTopron'? Andina oamenthey ot
tolese ther me

"The menarers have ben play wth ur minds for a
reatot yes fostunrg eigen thenslece Thymes
Scheve award ohare ey colin pessby exe? atthe
‘Ges ms carr os renhing Bu we rhe uth

Tretngs fer theft thmoner onze the
mplesont of thot eustenee tat fa people mie et
Whenatiraznerna rum ke et es nates tema sorts
orci St ch shar tahoe wry APY
Byes tid ars Sasing every. eon te ances!
ttis One gyre ang sade get soba spent
rharsehutetcnecostsenyasod arethererre Te ght
TTety_ gos when yous the regen a

The protien ie aber for ut narors fo handle
Weve osu theworc nsmessedupnaome funda
‘enon oct for ome of ute erence of monsters 9
rele becuse gress set tele Tose ot Tat
Seeant ens hans ret srgping rocope mth rely.
list mean tht the confict gets pushed deeper nt tar
Seneca

The eri thet rind con haved pts. cop
tecometo Casaer map now tk souk te pole beng
‘rola by he mente Aur? of hs bronhes cher
‘roraenmetan ara rescl Fay men wereaseyy ces
(Deore theyre spare tmewpera end
felpets et nthe tack amg domes ape

orto reanthe edge of amt Tbe the frst foodnt
thot harcore nes Fah fever eared the ge Theo
Enesyondy hr tsconetgrpmth the thn theron
Same peopl set ol nvr of eign end asf ae
x thy cet go ecg tar bly enero Sore
fcpubane fonchen Wherever Tt ester he streth
Sikene svete ery mp ened go lay forte menses
tpentare powers @h, Ube Ta08 seater fr us warrow
Secane resto show beenwertrgerpe' heaves Ives

Tf youthekyoUrealtibit cen thenyoire ight Dont
try fo pretend they the ora haan Sure apie sow o
aire gong to ge Banded! Make ip wheter woes
‘renal youneed ee rough the night on dent oxbock
‘ost oe ent for granted Youre not nara

Buen Your Barbers

‘Aroay at tere renerber Sther32) Themen nasstne
id edo he cassie dberb acto ang Krom ho te
fegacaupt hi Het te propre tse Wo Marg
Ins crest ord We dont brew warty who dd ba someone
‘econred enough paces of kt Sor tact bck fo he
‘Bore The Sndascersivownberehelnes ce 4Bhours Thy
Set nctng tor nmaner he go hare tom mrs then gh
‘hey mae i hn wife ade, rn ft hn forthe Spe
HC cum tract before the ptr cs aries

The enemy dit tke the wri away from us by be
sped The monsters especaly the fags ere deer as Pal
Gro theyve got nove researc thn we cul ever cream of
Even if they dont hove Toor fingers the lcs or fecal
peice they cane sue have the nancy fo ire pate est
Sitocte tproten nfamaten services Tvehaardat haters
‘howe ther om vencls rng ros. or whe let the Feces


HUNT ERBOOK:AYERGER

becaughtonsurvelonce cameras On ict even are cover
smth israme cd the loge of i garage on ted Sometimes we
Ritandlalsottarymansters bates the timewe aes wh
cremies that how lye folowe's ond ces. Even if were
‘ccesstd end we destroy our target, thare i ucys the
‘hares that _something_is gong Yo cme looking fer whoever
bled the Wgge, any for the sake of self preseraton

Dart use anything onahunt you ca gt idof mec.
oy cash for weapons tpn shps orge hn on the street
Yyouhow the comecton Ifyou need vec, by someting
These yacon tch Dar ae ay Se cases te Scare
of ob I Mart be oroded, roy the gun the re aS soars
esse I youre goog ode he ceaduthsone href bono
‘hesmest mest conmon equpmert orice De_fot_ ket the
remy se your foce reg Nt oc re expe re speck
‘owinesses ress you ore prepared Tob them o we

Tf the monsters can find you. they wi.

The smartest tng yeucande Scope ef Sght Qt your
|e and en ot your cco: A ab & seaplane were ce
iorhers con recog your foe on the evening nes, where
monster can get your home adres, soced secarty ruber.
‘cen yor bark occlu ranbers Arif the ony hs sus
‘amection (or youve mode a bg enough reptaion wih the
‘ap hey can Treaze your easels or Stel them thenschves
Etherheep yourmoney nye pocket or putt narother occu,
preferebiyunder ereter rane If youve got decent anor of

‘you con ive off that for'8 whe end operate pretty
og as you hep tonsctons m cash

‘Once the money rans et, you hove two options. Toke edt
{potherend here he mnoreuses Son area em
there bosses don ek toomary quests for dy kbar you
‘an lve off the lord. By that £ mean take money from the
‘rorsten themaelves Stina sometimes have watches 2 othe

on thr bose or Tve ten erg that ves ie gs
infaene pat woodenavonpreout nRochester

GrdsaldhisBMW enthestret for fvegrand Tht eof tg
‘esrit happen every ght but yousniyreedone or trots ie
that to heep hurting for months

‘The hardest thing we have to doi oy goodbye to ou

led ones Newer anger what hppees To Srokars2 We
‘Sethe fren or only nymare me hve vanes
fen joe youve ever Cred eit can be ed oat
ou Thre men rumars ar north sats heer who nat
Parting fue info on hrer-navbecose hearer hodben
Taenbysoreres Te next tine you mouse sx oF roy
vonpre neha saight, nage hovngte dit foyos omt
anundeeton Weve nt enagh prone mtn nay
total wth omerhing te et

dot ca igen for thing Ti nr.
tno tan goesmthn sufcnrra bese nce
{protown Weestnylansoroma fe oganatan the stot
Seteenress gone

Tue Sitenr Wat

Everyone by row hens chet Jared Shoencker A et of
people on the ist wil fel yee masa fol but the facts. every
Gnecf ashes thought the sme ting he id Tf we cad expect
‘Shemonsterstotherest of human'y we coud jst st backend
let the cry take care ofthe rest. The beasts wee? ston
Chance Of course. ce Shooncker learned, 72 that ample

Hel ven with everything that's happened Yous, is herd
tooccept wari flo nonsere Other pele canoes te
renter how hard they ry Even f we cad corvnce them
ow wad they ght? Who wes they shoct ot? How the hel
sed we hep them from geeg mec crtoded wet
ree pots n sheer teen

Te fect ofthe matters. the rest ofthe human ces
se eqopped so cafe anf amymare Keepin mid that
{Sik Jers of peso ar rger fo we ony the Becks
‘Row haaesced ictus ech our racemes Thane no way
SE terenclnge epee ome rer td
ihecthscwn nce tonne Pym ast yn
monsters hands. tk
"Thay me crt ware cr ee tray show then
at ay have roma of users Anyone ho
SSnndopiee fade tof aeerere
‘amerert xed woe tyng to escape Fer the same
‘ren we hoe fo. re a kept a ut
Ftp eye What maa tay see ote i) A bach of
fecpe hyng te crack enor wen. They might
‘Sine pce ty soley te wet ro every east be
Bietoprondeplce mon sexrpharal teat' Tire
{ bstyem Cacage ho war Fong obo ot fr aoe
‘Tease pet te the cl park Hod arice og shot stp
‘Siged sont ond then sone tee sean of knch sow'
fecal te scape Notre heletsox oye the lite
Jor nppura The blseye newer ot eter chance
The temptations choy the bao your med o force
comer tofgprbackeynnconetroyhineet br tat
tango never warts mow foe Gren crete tes
Srey re there re wireser, te ment
Scatter ndes mercies revere gases fron revenber
‘zythng very ary. Youon the or hard wl be rene
fiedtery wel Ave teretchn "erste nr ora
ther rv er bye crt orth mo fory snes pce:
‘Stee congstaa anges yume rete oct

ALireor Game

T wosdd be wing Yo bet that 90% or mere of the words
mind ectty is med and operated by moreters. Why?
Seamse'tsasourceot moeyandpower neve with
the rghtcomectre, any for sumethng le 8 arg 2
Sevres aeit wth prvate ary

"Thing careful hunter conse the nderwori for alot
cof the same tings. YS sy, but an effective way te finance
rdeqapahurt onvery short rote, ondwith ite chance of
‘hything thatthe authors can race

The hard po ekg caroct Tf youdready hove cane
nthe eet dng thar apice Onenehend, ye ire) got
‘he reptarion 29 people wil ke you sercuty On te

Fond chocarere he el eat ae chess te
part yuo tm eran. y ngs' eh te
Fractanere earioeouokspertonnreahsteter
Sig cra or gre Oar other hy toby Te prt
they tay ccep Offer odo emo for Ak hon
ejeaadit sone tector They ma eee et yuo
Ih pt nd you soe rey aaah ob Tee yo
Mecfovconbtett Noe tere en eye garg oe
Waco can poston Bree
Gain You nip en me mth
oly evens cay, en oe st
eee rena
‘ree yuge te Sass cnr. ylre Get oe
these yo onto fr hw rch Geet
od rdpenyet reymseyereert= monty foe Yost.
Dota ouieeyar mgs cxehly art try sme
Take ts ety. joven Gus Wo mn eet ch
Shere cn ee owe pumoronyar coe
Te f:tf the mater wt becone acon foes
frm theronct nella for rene: Teretroreen ret
Sitshanaa sd oxy eperuny porous Petey


de ceugece pimp whores ut ar cbt ced ad, madd
Dt win donardes ster rd cerca. cereal gory of
ther ones The mentors re ener ones een ny
piegsrotner spun other There srereaeenae once oe
bland ge arscves rch Infac.f we coud set por or
roaster we cud rel grsoncrerey to mbuecclons tre
Sey Alwe was noed eae mergower an ome poe
Now York wad bea perfect place to Ser.

Turning Back THE YE

during 2 hit, and do noe expose the
operation to witnesses unless you ae prepared
to Kill chem as well
Jost so everyone is clear on this, what Memphis
is advocating isthe cold-blooded raunler of defense
jess people — people who just happened to be in the
wrong place atthe wrong time.

Nevsdmetecramia betta pa


HUNT ERBOOK:AYERCE

ncn thought con of marine hal ak th ad mae
sacrdeingthen foamed of is Sse toe age
{Stagg he dea Te bie cu easy ba rence Wha sd Pes
ost tal hohe kee fod ote om ma oF
{eet oat bomen mae cane hom fa wreck Sma
‘er ur found po who war ny ey wer tng ment ens
syn tnow bod meres havea Sl poo ee ee ower"

Weerpndtc nfo hon Sa kala onthe
silt jacp udontno Fy fren ee tet ested
‘etme aspyenievinaoe nduus statement oe

nd ong ce curt Scene tee ng tae cage
‘heptn add ba od pme pro nea mr a
(aul wd far uw then ted we ond ose am Ey
srvedon fal mach ad heya tod Dp ey er

Wesots tvs aril and ote aon oc Bat
hada mot epeence ald ting Pa flo a ar as
ng thn Boon eared ang mots ona ad
‘ocean bes Sree ning eed ropa ag
‘Phd yang by and urbe neat
thy id xy wt hand and ck rn king a card
Sodio vonandi

nt td a ging tee Wea ah
atta heey huge hath yg stoning be ng
‘ghamhin Sue tntnponeind houptbamapthras speck a Wa.
<2 an ute ig at bad ae Paw ee
Frente abot re s arageto conetha
‘eeu cone Bona coc Haran Pe Pn
freon voddbe reg Tara od wat

We pay ak fom he em Ga ad ae wating ae
ogee ons na deen own Rest ania pope
tga toh Wht nl cocd we ey re men

aco Darts parton a ad Bo ha tay
the wats hat wan her Sgn may ett Ban wa
Shespiom trunnions cnt onnduocoy eos

Nbc Wh upd on kn note yogi ha
1 bec nth ae hn at weet oy a
ark wr cen ocd at a ay ran i Bd
1 deere bal nt ad

Fray Brown oi tg dy wo Mm ey an ee
ony be tov d ony wat ger na nd wt ne
Wcaind Soe ral nd i cod po a wong
Weddntiooa sat all mae cPat bas a

Nounahad any now a marta Bal sd eo mabe
Sun hal ae had are am athe someting Pat
‘enu  drvadgornuhat ant aca ape Ban ed oe
Catt hlcrlo pe Ng te Bre nd ncn ted pr ak
Ino aan ae tpe

Wa alot hone nd Wh spd ol of th ca Seka al
low lth trad his dows tar a och Ar ah
Fel anda coup c wales go We wc ty ot
Foch than nahn eben as No nade
Weed har so oy ne

‘nou unpedicee ca ona rng When cat
‘hd und da We har attack oa at on

haan aed ptt assy ot cbc sey
cote gon pv sd cng at ot at een ot
(hy aed hr colt cena Eng at wry

Thp are ot oo gh tack oe
rou apy ub ag ca oc hl i et a
gov ta ayo rns chen do ond Wa
Sole oes Baron prey ah ti ae

‘Agecame uring nach hat Wie roe ed ed
tr ag tfc Th uy acd tare chang

Were iced

4

ae no rules in war If you try to
youl get a bulletin your head. Gor it?

They were waver Hey ware Star ot soning The hg
tecthanded uaa rom nd Broun dre ling abut sot
‘Se ht nth tale fr borane ing warn ol Dre!
‘fre oar hada yl coating a ashok The mone
pretend Honan Mosel aback
flee andor ural ping

Was md earoom andl ewed le We oundp nl ned
enone gt par ea ery Poe 8
snbdcngslaredns Thing npediooanddoundbeshtodcdmy
adamant gt a epi Pra WP Cone

Byte ptm cv oninfaal Marussnnopen
creaingratawretandycrbereneg nicest nn. Mat
agar tartan Tsering ure ahold
(Rede gl wd che a a a ay er
fehour Per mds sonedn tu ors Moku fed od
ecopo cp por ae ara ce igtcd
govenathnakat etc perhndh tr and yd
[oLsaingtaree lta ne Wath

tea fecepe dopa use IO up

‘hater simon cen yn paced arate pad
enw epra eye nce gue al ig might hae got Oy
{her Brown key sb nari aby el ing ek ot
‘Sova gate abe

Engng ty ets al at ut ote and
test our ey hem sreced bth van water cd
temioodt tty Wd Wie nce Bald
adhe jot lsBacuet beet al proven
alt frm ba eles hg on cs erp dt
(pregency wrtng aan grne ct Sey
Fatman be ot td oon shes Ores pave alt
(eta eae oun eset ama one

state anry a ong wena pny eta
siete tue cated

Sreavecy

Dent get ha confuses acts ~ oes respec
cetera you et sccongich ogo) tha pteg 9 ce Na
fangs chert setting op ooeproge sor on fiche Tin
{Shaybonrsreany sovethng tat rosy onus ane
{Sins mtter Shtgy hw we cry at The hart on
Gece ond thre sonethn that solders _seen tahoe
[2 trae naertoring We gto coupt wp m ores
Sopra the tha we fl tobe ton move AOA
Soong Weve gore he jective Spl tht hep
‘rego laoes hen ft akoe Tere are sone they
te to conser before you go ot era fo ey
Pre Your Tancers

Dent grating fib terect the fist meet yousee You
canteteiote ut the Wher te east ht

Sowerd What he sprtt sane ber rpc
Er gngattersone ine tvfre oregon toto


ee
Seis mutans cogenrentamierie aves ene
Soc somos eo Laps ora Thyach yee reco ener ec ce
Soe aeere te ite meme rel nen sa vaaseaies rare
Bite nsstodansarrnesscuneaina mean rioters
Sutieynepan aes Servcrhoe pbemes Uecnfuet secre ose
Shicyaree Syn sage ba treet Pema aod

traits ane yr Won Se tis len
ont et aa tice rch eseanser Woosh eeet
micdat iar kancceal tf heteiennpee optiereeceat eset
= ee
So a
SSeoterestindeqeemyedpee edoetoytione
Sanwa oeeteeetcses

Terentel al esas rete ha enter
reuttfinecemmeccusarteracnage (
renee yacies te ens eeatee
imopiWiterree tnmdoporecanteesice\\
wage ay chen te sant tee Somes sre
Wiickietooeccwantepaertinciauytenen \
Newel sescpelcopimereslaomefa The ties
uectaataa aes (NT
Se er pres
Siew te efhcnng ne cny roan Gia
meres on yrger cree nN ys Se

ar npr. yore ptt end wach cay, the
Faas onmirnae neta crt ns
Cartnapeneteonumnsranewape bomen Fagen
ee
Sea
Rr icray rns ananes
Sn tt Se Sreogae Ty oe
sant ahtenctioaeetetsece chy
Se hire se cone
fring out whe rine oe Once you hod a the
ee
ethos
hayes
Pooler aac tesh hertocsne
cecil Pe aot

Teseprrn Det mathe fest reser
fulen creamed meniegen eal

(Rove orpanted and they hove the me resources ot
‘hese apes Ive seantichars nthe ct tt they cent
seen much interested in erythieg gig on etsde thee
(ans Wapserd subg contrac taenpast wnat srt
fant of the, 0d ave thar for at

Use Your Heap

Sometimes the best way te sroke ¢
monster Yo corer mony od lowe

To sit wth a bunch of shotgne, Tote
Gefintey the excepion to the he, aug


rect there, youconfindaaytooctner Crater may

eve tat gure espe eqslae tthe rors
crecndhtryhaxproven tincondtneagon Teemenctes
‘tyre frelon powers sr Theft ost o am mere
Sice an sd Tey SP he he Maman Ceres

Peple dew habs. They dewey reves, becase
st makes fe eater. Marsters, bebe 2 ater ary
Etfere. They ste cr rege hing gras So oe 8
Speck et yoyo come ange ron ar rs sect
‘hes keep martha hase creche ove been nese
Inch for conures Thy cert used obey rte ond
ther serees haw soten Soles Use tat year aaa

"Take the org Tanck Rochester. Another rch.
nd Used to he comforts. Typea possess sep 64
fuse, males property three papets That hep the lsc
‘ean and rove him around. ons eagle of deg prow!
‘Sand Prety tig sean The fon was vento Ye oy
‘everynight Wt the rt moseuns, then wer te prete cs
forse Some mghts he met ther fers. some mht he
Sin He hag sot n rows nd bse hs Ye on The
Streets toa en seconds between cor ond bing Ot nthe
iy, he was Sys ert Yag senses nee meres. The
Ser sways stayed nth the cr stonsng tee even
‘he rin to ke fur no one got foo dose Te headed Bock
tphiloa confortable nwo ars netore som saerveres
the clr érecty ough apor of stelremterce term
ers nthe back

Soyaadme her wx ef vck 5c?

‘After matched he beat for most orth, worked
cut oplon Nor dar fst nas pt ere the Ss wa
tthe property end woes torte fangconc ot He popped
‘itot the celeron tna anche forte woe
Tletened tothe Seomercurch Sun the rove Senay. nd

Phewal stig Hoyer oa ensonr she
Port of the wine ting

Dogsare dos evennhentheyserveafong They folomed
the cor othe fron gate Tro ike hall fo the Bock ose

Thodtwo gun One ware 9, he other wor someting ced
lospck ga Ln etercemert tes tham mh nay he ¥9
et troup o door ms harry. The Some 3 csaly

lock bu figured the fang moan notice He
seen thea the sei ese remem?

Thad the deve open fem scons From there wot
|r amatter of bling the servant inthe hau, Thet Took
fem minutes

From tht pit. Thad the resto height tod the ob

Wien the BMW showed ip before down Twas watcnrg
fromthe itchen The cr pled ppt te ochre re

dai one He ech fearon sy
‘to He was bckin he ety foe Whe he s-vert pot
thecarinthe graye {nthe haben got te cor as

‘em spinon! sage roe Frontnginen Tnersne

li tn aoa home rom te ie on)
aloe cauping sure wert oun The eet sen
(loon ripped the fetish tors

‘Nene the ver cme raring Netray he cod ot
through the fom crs he wat oo pncies he St po
roc why he bck oe we ced Tot hm ce othe
Sirs eno the htchen

"The dog came after re as headed forthe gorge
tac tte tem beth the oo ge

What thermore ths sey? Eve-yosy has the habits
nthe bind wet Use than Pang othcher armors
[i gets youll severe ete"

Dow' How Bacx

T get lucky in Rochester. The foct ofthe matter is that
there dre no perfect plan I cols hove gotten stuck up oh
that rear mallee the dogs might not ave gone after the car
"There's cays something tat can go wrong

‘Sometimes pyoreget nthe wy. Youcan*let that sopyou

Monevers hove to probien with humon shields What
does t matter fe then? Eve heard of fangs, even warlocks
ose? hyped tochunter onthe trol na started keeping
Company with ones figuring one tie extra inserance.

"You have to remember that people cre slaves. We
ssa tobe ke them. They sil es n bondoge, hep oS
aie by the mensters. Sparing them 30 they can conte
‘hex svery doesnt do Them any fovors. Hf they sew the
truth of ther existence, they wold probably thank you

Tf you have to think of them af al, thnk of them os
erty' Every revolution has them. 1Y6 tragic, but thet
Sacrifice gues us strerath. They ge or efforts meaning
Er thom de to hans of others con ive free

Theow that goes against everything society believes is
‘ght Remember, monsters ore the architects of society
‘They hove pt these seas nour heads te wesken cur resolve

¢ ey
of years Ts time 10

have been ploying wth us for hun
6p poy 79.
Everything neve been taught rowngi hasbeen put nour

heads Yr the purpose of making us ease coral Let
Rise coe Se ur people fre, evenif 7s ndesth Then
rreneers wil on we ont gong tebe stopped by anythin,

‘Srecirie Srecncris AND WeAKnesses

‘Wah exerence we Bee recog th he teats ve
Joe howe hic powers ~ od Achles oes Ofcourse ean
‘Reg al means surviving dete eon, stead of ei.
igs At kof comeing what edvanoge| have pained
FT Sere what we eared hus forin hopes tht wl tegen
us asa whole. Be wamed though thot our mowedge ofthe
eat far ton comgrebensve" We dot hzow enough call
2 spade 9 spade and that loko oration can lv led
rearect fe do pan ft suze Sande elute
‘Smayeuces

‘some ways shambles othe serpest fu pee. an?
‘ean spt al hey eek by any rears — ut Whe kg
‘Gen mqures coe 1s ot pecearty complated* The ny
‘ofeling shombles is enol dome Lots ad ots of damage.

Physica robustness the bliadk of sable. Do not
‘expec a stop cer a ule ough he beat, oceven hough
‘Se al. They must be reduced io inenble pars bea ey
sip, end that moans geting up-close ond diy, being @
‘uichet." Mary cronues can wih some prepare, be
Sued rom 9 dunce Wat Sameer:

Thek ter great strength s numbers. You rarely fod @
lene shoe. They seen sem groups. Coupled With he
‘ed for pony oe a sbe Kl ts makes team a scky
‘Socal weet seed

Howeves ther srengts or fr rom nsuarounable They
exec by egal SCY meats he est SOME BC
‘Supdiy They donk nach so ey re asp otk They Oe
Sipe tine sty roy eos ~ when you rete nt

‘éyfovote toc fo stables ist ed the ink oop.
‘This is por tery comple, snoe the singe mindedness
‘ends fe Ence on ocean object ofen on did who


Daned he nie. youcan gto is person, youcon use er
Sresstle not Shambles wil alow 9° senate ret
[faboul anywhere never md Pow loge! Us Piste
‘eg em no cs compar, vndereat crgs sets hilo
cs om a boa! ha was then cost att h would met be
comical had sean the comage ey con wreak Ge wane
They cont arown fer Sark the boat they came out fe
Soror Ratan nour ater ond est me eth sat Bat sl Dove
Nat becovse hey ren Yon ever os a ngthrawe or Sang 2
(iknchange doesnt rian hey can you jst a5 dead)
tyovcan lead ashomblerpock ito atop or arbush You
ray Wont lace chou fot pena. One of ou Sos
Arsen trends repens wemendovs cee ws ol Big
Selo haps arovod tne snarl 2s rains toe Sd
re ceut sno shiny Beeps # eam ry Ths
(on Ths oes I ory ey pens
By now you shuld hoe th ic: Do' cant a shower
poxk hood on Adc! soul Mer preemed sree
faneve ha oo orcs whe You con conkers od
paras han I aks ong te wear one own Bu 1 You
CGreertow on fhe ass od legs you ca es Se
‘Paroles unable lo oct el you come boat nd tash been
Your teste 0 pecsnaly te soot ot hes the ts 0
Seta ct yo cm ter ae te # win wet et
‘Whe buts ont senpy op sherbet Ge way ey put
<dowebunen ben) theyre Pt copy ative Thnk ct
Sthato he chest os delaying low ond you pte bang
ors
store enone weltsbareiers saviors pees
ron and speed Asie cinton he coke. hey ae even *ioget™
Se very. very cet
The hat way 1 lone i simpy to de 30 mech ban
Ihotyou overuhermis aiey wo cover ne pean wh ae
rot gency 0
done Themes

CHRP ER 2: THE HURT

tb poe wp" ene On be downside, sce hey con pos foe
umn end ae cen undin te Rea of is an aban has
{Soe plaved carly waved pebeeabon you ph he
Grex rae |ecarenee @ ewok af ae sna wih
Goa feng ones eaky. these sips should be erat
‘Seago at even fet pursues oe, the hao ae Pa
ep onde kf Se oF oho

"abr 3 open ed ck or sat he get eae
‘sae nde Sandy punch F you aus fi the set
win 0 lage ft urbe wee Ovake ute fhe vance
{eros Aro wil leave large dat nbc hed fesse you)
You hove & nave 2 good dover dong fe farming — ell
‘Bolo rts Sas Soctht wy finah a Wo
Beerb ct sco hype. Affe open so fn sare way Wop
te atnce 0 sees es shooks wos ole deve oe
Spach of Eegodes qucteond As used wd she we
sere ble pepper tth soa ass unl f uesanbed

‘Thera arte to vel equi fewer people
but isy i ts wn way Ever fo Seems to have  pcubat
Tipe ot enced sentznerflty As we we noted with oss
‘Mere seers to be sure credence lo the naban of 0 haunted
Choice or saned abe. Pesnops ese tems serve 0 aman
terthee demons poss any ever fos. Lhe pst. soem to
Grow suengh tom fomiuaraojcs aod lcotons, Generally
for have © pe bec ~ fhe stenges! lnk belween That
Choc hole and the word ane ving

Descent clas thot hopping this object and eter
dietroying ot icting the fot fom 8 resus in.0 seody
Srgragaton lhe ts shyscal fen ulin estoy |
ne week or wo Noveody tert hardy sangre ab0U! The
[bas of fs Ink he ving ocd te cones Desc NaS
Gescrbed te ro would Hop of thing" Ho rocove' thet
fk Focherore. he nk temaclves serno poroke oto

ft superstuel robust and are consequent


tut destoy. Neotel. i's fr simpler Yo estoy @
tough naniate cet hen o dest ough ote sey
srenber you

Descent basa goodreputeton sol mopentohisclams but
‘atietosee he substontoted Hos anyone ee had access
wi his approach?

iis tue, ee objects could bert weakness. But Ue}
said Bis approach begs HS own ks. Menutvng tbe bt
Feuites lose inspection ofthe ot whic sor ker than og
ree surance Then teres the monet of senng te ot
nd avon heft eng enough for separa to tence

ysl sick o gu and tc I now hey wok
owes

The varies atest weakness s doyigh They fat ee
and canbe led wih 9 sake tough the Poa Dt ayes
reduces them to eah F's a beaut tang.

‘er weaknesses youve Pear ef ~ inbity to coss
running Wale, cioses, Tose, oly wake ~ probably do not
"wat | veheard any fahless corners abot Pow te fale
{ra ros proves" tat bee's no God. To my tk. only
provesthat fr some Pete srotath Pecbaps Ply woe Son
5 yood she pest woo crctes ond ve sen Eyal at it
Ghuch sro mpeserabie these they foreermeae Spe
the tstaony of RpsewiOl lam quite coeds Pat aro
"dos cas reechons intr. Too bod B woud make ox oS
‘case I By could be sted 50 SY

‘hei stenghs oe lesen. Tey at fst ban vs stronger
than us they con break te wills of he unwary and they ae
tremendoway reson fo jury. Bu fel Dies vantage. |
Ahn isthe aby cease puppets

The uty bond between Bice puppet and ase sees
toaliow ie slave lopatais inte srengph ond endurance othe
Imoster More podnynahes the aw eye are
tis master I belewe 1's poasbleo wean Buses om et
‘diction = the abecrative would deny tve wi oe even
veampies can renounce ther ev. why not fe vervants? Butt
Sa fre slave wo fons Pes aborce

Pupocts roe tet masters ay That shy hey rebe
lay, becouse nay the vamos eng cod sped ond
power ore nothing

Varrpi hae dove Mdeouts Bd these ea +
‘open inthe mocung and you hae ll ayo py he cect ot

Another varp weakness the predecton fr vce
‘Good: cent opie rrey become bond saws (unas Ch
Ino, and even tbat gets tbe vampire an ambivalent servant ot
bes), Ths means many puppets ace contnals Evidence Be
Toanhonest cop can do ore to sr vere ol hs eens
than @ month of tun boassanst. But be cote The

‘Once @ lair hos bee st:pped os blood slaves. here's
‘atumpratio to smpiyoreh fe place ad be dane ws
fecommend auton. Bloodsuckers doa scem to need 12
Breathe, and the smarter among them often have a watery
Feluge to role! tot just tis sot of easaut. They don ll
Sleep i coffina ether | wen hough one lao fod @ atest
oie nthe Bosca hod cameras outed on 528055
lrvandit must ave we:zbed several oes. prevents fom
‘ulin i out fo apey indus force io We contented
‘encosing Inn conte. But wate unable 1 procue ony O°
Sort nice So fhe best we could do wes to Yak pootos cen
the camera vente po nls and exange the font of he
leases. Then we wate. The case opened of sunset aod we
‘were able fo supese tbe fend witin, who sow Doth

suspicous on its video manors. After eradicating we hod
Some tme to exomine is vou The ste plo wos 10 faces
‘ek ang thodate ace within has Rado be released by
(eral loch wos bull fo Survive anything shot of 9
iar demolton eto.

Suieaccrs

is fhae Beings we have, pechaps, our mest potent foes.
Robust oso ot, seg os fang. able 1 walk by doit and

The weakness sive Forge wolsbane, the ay fo
stephen a wit vel, peleroy buts, preferably orn @
Gatonce Comnetvally mode sivet ules ae expensive
St wrth every peey you can ge ot aotd them |
recomenend pig feet other weapon lied with
Sve A pe sivet tie wont hold eae long. bul @
‘weapon who sce! point and edge ond sive igre sees
Wer the best ofboth words

The ote: weaknes of Ibo: is thei human diguse
Tey sil ugh ni DerOwed shop. bu hey 62th.
ete tera yu face # ey werstor so he beast
heodea pa Once hey het 0 ha pos I econerend fo!
(cies youve gt overeining fe You ned In nr
Sroun then tay con bea rope ao os UY 0500 CON
baie wih ohana

‘What | sugges. then, his. Locale the cco nts
unas foam Foto # 2d learn ts obits Geto pod le
wh a scape and. pod If you have tho money. gl 50 M2
"ives builts node ond go wh Barre Hp ty sip ele
Stabe wore her un ore Owners ae ot ferent
{ey who cones In ashing for such pecey ond eae
‘quizes you con't ator ster bles, recommend the

30-06, very common hunting round, Then us ind a srer

perch wih 9 food rere! route ond open up frm surprise
Shen they tein human shope, is essential tht you Rit
Wb you fs bot. and is equally important tha you have
tReadimyokeeptinngat hem afer they tthe pound Tonce
fed ot ficer tough ts dnng room window. When fell
‘wos behind 9 wll In seconds t hod transformed, undone
ry somace and was ater Pe

Contoue 1 fe unt fs dead it you cat do at, 0s
Socn os you cn, ad os fares you can
‘Sonccuces

‘Sorcerers would seernobe the leas for worries Al
‘0s Wilow!2 soy, toys ody buon. tig?

Wrong *We'e* cnly human, and our powers see fo
‘mente 5 bewideeos divest Were loamy new tines
(Soot cuscves evry doy and we rete newcomers fhe Hel
‘Wor Marins have ben eround since the dys of Sion Magus,
teat sear they ve picked up of es.

‘Whe nts sng 08 sinchange o ough 0,9 3
seccerers howe verity on thet ade ve see ten tind
‘Rly loaded fen Gacarded 9 gorbe cars. soccideialiy®
ge gos mains ip nto' of pursues cnd ively suble
‘Brough higmoy totic unscathed

"Toe ays to hung sorcerers oe prepration and reaction
tere. is coo. even ten Bookwacn's ted letra, tht
‘he powess of wetes ae consciously Beced. There. one
Exvton es powes scope react te one nan wih
fpm crock 0 socee, te worick wil ke te fur BOK
‘Sewn en ive he man 9 bean hemothage. I Sx people
‘Saround 9 sercerr ond otock wi ava of weapons he


resulting disoventaton makes he Sorcerer less Heys c.rter
7 parca otock

‘Whe sling sorcerer wih the esteemed Solel 2
tule age we wore abe fo ake excelent se of Ps musary
FRsoutces Equipped wit emal-mapig gogsles. we
hed the ossoul by fing several rovods fear fos renades
‘tthe torget While the gos dstocted hn. we opened fe
‘Wie th sbould bove been 0 cosy El (oe al ur treet
twos only human') things went wrong for vs and sgt fot
Rin Fist he gos carrdgeshod "somehow gol mixed up" So
thot Wwe Sted of hn wih smoke penoses New our Pes
began to Jom ond tstre, one Ger the oer. We bad
tanoged fo ht ion a covple tases bt both shots were
merely sh wounds

rom ths, we learned to always be prepared. Assume
that cveeybing wil o wtong Hove a least hres guna. ond
inoke sure they ve been theqoughy cleaned aod loose
Have 2 couple backup weapens fo band-to-band You
foal isto throw threat cer theca stamuive ar sels ot
the merlin unt bis ability fo react is overwhelmes
(GfythmasterlO bos tepected some successes With loud
roles and stobe ight ine detaLy)

‘One thing you shoud *never* do is have one person
shooting while aotber dosesforsatkching Im such steers,
Ihe od of ore of you hit the oer ar a Beye ves
Wises

There's a temptation to amiss spc 0s nuisances, jst
becovns hey dont ave physcl aes Teas wrong here
{nd dangerave Whaley oc cored They con Sk Yo

They can possess people and oct rough those bos

Trey can arock hough "puter" cs

They an nfvence your eaters and th you fot
ctor, oc hey con ndvence he eons of Pose ofurd you

They can cede lunions hat eer impel you Beco
sake you look cory

The dc souton would scent be "ern og "but
fe ut prey hey arene best equ spe Bee ota AP'
‘weave too arouod wal Theyco go trough rem ondcome
oct aan of ne choos you poscas one of oe
‘ages that is you tere Term 9 place. tere oes Spe
problems Sse. hey re meinerable aon
Sleomenranal meapors Sore fou sows appear were
ITyou bow the ones

Regard nthe long-run "bl the hams possessed
host debate recommend ages! fot two feasons One
ling defenseless people is bod. Two snot even 2 lng
term ‘solton. You can kl fhe bos! and watch tbe Spitt
{dscord the body Ue on oid soe. Al ling fe host oes Ss
fetthespirt ad. and tere are much eases ways fe! Be
Seinen out hove never seen demon thot meld sy =
possession fo body when # wos uneiess and pos. Once
2 posscsaed body ls restored the wip vrvaly leaves
Inere restront s outtcent then recourse 1 sticker sl
"aval wotks Appacefly there's some Bass othe idea of
booting the dev ut ot hn

Don't underestinte ghosts. Pemanenty ive. they
cone dvs! onyaere~ even feodg ve out shout Ct
Sow Personally recanerand the ceoton oo eam fave
imbued who do nothing but ce sects of her Punks.
ryone et he capobty teste @ phos ond han # wars
‘Sotower conse me pew

Succust

PrfessrGecl60 descred the nouble he ond is fend
ecorbod wih necfihese ceases Henytnag he mayhove
Pauses te dane

They may appear tobe brow worren butt me assure
vex tho ese oe shops he most dangovs eo! atk
‘SoPence ot Dace Alice nyt yout bed od 0k
tray suck you dy bute end tet senly oath Wha Succ
‘Suc she los wl you de hptng 0 vamp. You
{S your reward A sau Gon fg wih ooh and a, bet
eben cocrenena lowe nda nsperd werd Theycongeet
a 9 wel-sbaped lb ond o puckered Ip. The hte fey
Promise 5 ot Gea Bu seve

vente sigh hey opper beaut, desible Whee
sal re Beas provide sere protect apes! he BI
Biiverce of vps od sph less eect ORGS!
cua They can make you wart then ops! Your wl
‘gas! you pres. cd Ihave ot yet Gacoveed ck ho
{easly lee you Only yout own wil od dv con fee You
fom fe ches, and hats exaty Who the eho Ord

woud recorenend tock trom a stones. bt even has

prolemote Decowse bey or hardonentty Tote sgh ey
[Bax busnon.enly roce® beaut By the tee you fe close
‘crouph io sameate o ele abe 89 ecu nay betoolake
eres may aveody have ensared you

The ebotialosect ol hiss tha romance and action
rota Ay te anyone os meds an ahoctve wena,
She coud be pt woot she appears oF se coud ae oftese
‘Semon whores sero ure tobe wrong se othe Hell Wor

caer much nthe way of facts ops his assault
‘Ava fl xc os soon as you elie youve been uence
Durtctosnmesyourcalzet The only woytodo thal hroURY
Soar plone

"Your ont other deena prayer

Tor firclight.lise@hunter-netorg
From: willow!?
Subject: Re: Succubi

Brace yourselves. You're about read words 1
thought Id never type.

agree with Crwaader,He'sa hyperactive freak on a
Ikeoftopics butevena topped clock irighttwice acy.
These Biches latch onto youand they donot lrgountl
youre sucked dey of... wel, whatever makes you your
sell [kaw cnc dragdown my best red and she got away

she tumed on me, and [ an. | skipped town,
scared shits. |_know_what they can do.

ggeesh rnsctabuccromehing unite
torn that love wrong enough toil one If youre
anice uy, though dort think you could ever gtfie



And saw the bea
erm, pashered vgeher
the hone

— Revelation 19:19

ight o wrong, wer all n ths together. We areal one

7 themaretersare ret
be the fee fo aay ta

people eet he ry ene
org toque upwethout oft an
ie ned the help we con get

‘nd yet there oe ants. Yes, l imbued need t work
together but es fr o¢ Fm concerned if you sent hene
help me hl every lst one of thage beset, you haa best get
the Fock out of my wy

Gone Soro

Wewarrierthave been loners leur Ives. Oldhabits ee
hard even row
oot of we prefer to work dee, even if it rot the
smertest curse of orton ne could tne Thats party because
We have shard time coating on others ond pry bec we
Sort ke Yo be tls what fo do. The very gusies — anger
Setermnation ond ceken™ thet lowes Yo restcover Oo
Seth ore te sae res tat soe from sr ereThren
Tit for every marron tobe ce Yo amt when he's
inoverhisheadendash forhelp Wecantafferdfolose anyone
Ist becouse he was fo dorm stasborn 19 get Bockip om ok
Important hart. By the same Token, we Sens need Yo 9°
Seemblng anormy for every stb we nviocoss arene tig.
‘the murute you get a groupot worvars mone place. the fest
‘hung they Wy ode gesset Ther athonty We sent ot
pith en army of feur-stor generals, ond th jst Goes?
sor An, thor pcp wt get ese nore.
tee oe. We wort best ing steath ond
Sapese ond thot shard to pl ff when youve oe aan fl
Of people ol teling you the best may take cre of «beast

(CHAPTER: HUNTER THES

nd agains his army

1 personaly we cal for any kind of assistance wes the
serge is beth very pomertul ond very earn. Tm starting To
tothe re varpre Noneedateante
Gonmutenm rg nblaeyes rome

the garde nd put weed on Tne fog i one big rh, then
Soenody Saperses fo ther rer rt rors.

Tve heard that there ore some warns out there who
rast operate maroc preferring the extra iepower er
Secrmert Mort of these pes tend tobe ex sekéers whoa
the concepts of working Yogethe= besten nfo term oot
amp. In cases le that, can see where there'd be an
‘erlanedpecong order cndone persons the weds
leader Some of these groups terse on persorality cuits, so
‘Sas anyone who coneers hosing i th one ta tink realy
ferdcbov wht ther tru ebjectnes map be Weve ahead
‘he stores ehevt Flt on what ses up Yo Turkey

Persnay Tend se mye hengngmy headend ayeg,
"Yess 86 teenage fl ge" Eheim prety pele

cur treed that Iden? the the Brecon o team tes, Tm
Smite bret ard tse cre ofthe problem my may Ths
Just ny none, ond Te fund i's prety common of ou kind,

‘The problem ¢ much woree when you start faking about
hookg op wth other haters wh fate see the rath My
ea, how con these pesple beso Bind? Tf somecre onthe net
posttanees forhelpsumy area Taend themagackeffer We
Beit moyor_swe can? do ta dent hove the tie to
teste on teaching these people common sense

Gerrime Yocernee

ve enly worked with « group of hunters three times
"Twice wat wth teams of re reveionories, ard ence it


HUNT ER BOOK: AEERG:

nos cmiced bog ef bleeding-hearts ond wide-eyed worcers
‘any guesees which one was o aaster?

Everyoady pretty much agrees that hurters ae better
off working as grep, but nobody con agree en how to make
happen Rebody dares tose? things up over the et. Who
noma who might be ste I knew fore fot thet thelast
{oalwha trad thn for oat over nDetret was never heard
‘rom egain Ony somesre who if realy espersre & reahy
‘hopdBrondcarts where he and what hes ying te So Mast
‘Nimes wrencur krdneess heponchunt we tnt those few
Imbued who we've met face te foce ct one tne o anther
Desple who we con at eat be sre ore wha they soy they ae
End ook ite hey causa get the Job cone (And ont even get
tne started en those "maderarers")

However 4 because yeu may brew shure er be ane
of ther reptotin Soest? ean tyre gong te wert the
‘aything te dowithyou Ideal oll of shoud realize tat when
"Wlamesnght dow 9? bul ec ke roe and eer det
mater. What matters stoking back whats ours. IY doesnt
‘Swope work that way. though Some pope cre 0 dependent ot
‘apd prejudices from before that they ea pt them ase
forthe greater good So far T havent hod any problem me
(yore. Hell me dnd Caer hove een worked agethr, Bt
{ve heardof stuchors thet tuned rasy when bes cashed
‘De heardof revoutinares weave beer hile by acer" or
"saerficed thonacver bate, youtrew what T maar

"The few times I needed help, I hacked vp with some
handcore shooters Fl crossed paths wth o coupe of times
Inthe cty Then basicaly whet Ferrtores they stakes
(ut 40 left gna some noticeable places Yo otk for 8
‘rendezvous and wate fer them Ye come tome f they were
Interested. They i. ond Tk out what I ws trying to 3.
Nobody warted fy time on smal tlk Maybe war becouse
we were all cffod we might open our mevthg and $0y
Simething thet would set each other off Nebedy offered
‘her names, ond thet was el ight by me

Personly reve apprencharcther hater wiess Icey
have apnorked out and krew hy what Ewer that person
‘df det have tere Yo ster fo smoody eg el me how >
salemonsterTve been stchng for weeks Eveyood/s ot ther
own wy of dog things, bt my vewpont is thet Ereed hep
rat epmons T understand where ctr haters wart 19 covet
thei ask. Tv gt ro preiem wth tho Tay everytheg ote
front nds they Son ne they conway Sefer ah
Fe ony meroged to fd of ost ove other person who's
eckated enough toput hs eg cice nd rast me tage the
‘one ord we oot rd hl soe monsters When eveytog
over we goer seperate ways T'sahal of ebretherho, ba?
Works otha ght By me.

Ctusren Fucrs

contrast, waking wth thse other maps pes
who cli henaeis haters the ocr between CUS

‘eros od cate storpee
Net lng oer got the wake-up. tooken ination to
kup tho ean tht nashuntnge fang omnia Syrocase
[A thao Ewazgrarefltobe erga ony nate
Taasstlgettogo bande on tings endhade ccf oleae
‘ecthonte ded nth the ereny Wel, Twas the ry mare
inthe tam They pied me becine Tey fire They mgt
Teed someone we ns gros na fight Maht_need Whet
tte they gong te do Lhe rie ta tages fr a?
"Tru, Tae cse Th leader of he grip —T nent
se nes. ezase ek Sas oer on atest =
ah cadd- sae theocauhe Sere seen,
foomenyamrinoves What ws he gong te el

the thing test yd pesple? Her oh frinds tried to
ote cw She eotny onwes then arg before
Sr otters ry gt fre of ngong th he on
Foc ro care dng the Sg ty coronene rere

Oneef te ropotfres toot ert Tat there aig
Sestesineske desved topetot We Segoe ere
egret tngoreman Sry teaktooren Taya
{oe oan tether tem mentor osc ae sone pi
‘ay peo force the cra ro even Wea hh
Trea gee pase ba ece caches on het ear get
Ges erate itkndt ee con
Se Garou offevosct Loses tT coud get?
Synge nk Dnt are wo gre me easter re

"So they str hong sigue with he tig, Who
cxeyo? Why ao you eo theneed te Seu haman ee Con
Jou karina ao Ar he tig was laying wih then
‘Whig thom everyting they mated The How wo sah
vt and rely nar sory had tothe Tiga ek
Symes fachng rer

"fed crt tke t nyrare Ths th ting at of
‘tghnd th Cremenbe say someting ete effect of
"Graduate help and pag y stg iheod Twas
sey ar eee

Ferccae crite mer tere hegre —ny
fetorhontert~weregargietoxecacret a Oo feriet
cast non pest cSeymesmorterTidharhoe Naess
the joruth he eign' cmd oo hewn Tey os
Scheg te nest fred ws thee ey code

Son see mye ever working thon reeuorries

they werent snort erate restac wat we mere
Giron tha ert os rah tthe bap they oer
Fie e che thar mint onset of oning fave to
soy {centre tine omarre le they devote or energy
{Resi er trcece pote: Theees ey
{ese thc emmy Le hem got Fl nshewn way

Dvinc Fon rue Cause

Wie Fon the sabjet of other chosen, et me cle
someting fortherecoa Taner ease Merrel Tak
ret hove hon he

(id Tara him to certain death? You cold ee that
way Lappe.

"Tae oe of terete the Black Porters count
tock' back nthe Ws. Tey owed abt ree, but
(reenter the ha ccs recur fo shee
tery heya the word brother cng we were
‘toy cod famly Not so We were teiang cha @conroe
‘art sonore we woud fit bse homo oy es
et nceaary on ccanpe for thers flow The lee.
‘Ronee cou ioocr ther trope beats thats ect
areymee— nce ons hen fr gree

Sites generis mart cond tes peopotf ocarton
Seth merge te ors ve ncceed on tferet foe

Morro wt wet sone of lak He foe beck
un ose ast breve beter Coton re
Got peng thewske ptr taingtoct or heranert oft
Kei has te the movers for sro they mare cre nrted
{weststntherecson Arg tse praca fer amv
‘Wet ous Norvell He cana rest mayef
The cnr powers. nthe hr powers of he ow Jat

stg ine setou natn gang foo evene
‘Pub he cous hold econ ~ hl he Cod even se Them
‘Grong acho hop Me we ity for he nest part

Tien one oy he col contre, hag Tere was

fers Tacs hang orealy cer sort wha prefered tolet


her fllomers go out ond select her mesle. then ring them
Inte the safety of her ar. Tofferea Morrel the chance Yo
ploy a wel rlen destroying her Tt was ony 2 port be
took some tne ons learned what quits the fang
lcoked Yor ner prey, thenstortedroomong Morel forthe
part. He took tolt wih enthascam grater tobe fighting
She enemy. Once he wos ready we de! hi up in one oF THe
rene where the bruise locked for prey fitted with
hidden microphone anda couple of bettery packs soe cous
get nde the lar end provide "ntligerceaboct its Lye
Yeoknearlyameonth, but the papets ily bit. They took
Morrelingce and Tlsered arty to everynng hes or
heard Noone thought fo frskiam Who woud bes as
focaryean tea wreres ae?

Pretty soon T heard the vonpir's vice Sere ercush
shemesnerinedhimelmest at ence. She toyed with hme
but csr? ack ony partes queens mates art T hear
him ery out in pan

One of the two squares hidden in Morris waistband
was indeed a battery forthe microphone The ether mat
Ffsbloof C3 rcsteien Porsct the feng lonsedinthe pork
cutside her apartment buldng

DidTsend him tei death Yes Wes is death vo Ne
Thanks to hs sacrifice, « powerful mener was Sesoyes
Morel wanted Ye fight. and T gve him the ery chance thet
todd hove nase ny hie of fterece agaes? the merste™
Twodd co ogon Vf Thad to,

This tot to sy that T wo! do the same thing
nother hunter At leat rat 6 felow revaktonary We oe
too few tobe throwing os Ives way for ony reson. ut
were to be stuck in enether situation with one of those
Ironster sympathiers 7 mecn? heatte Tf the Being
Fearts expect to suffer, Ive got no prsier fing the
wish E cant stand tele darn whinng. The wice-eyed "per
Indes type xe Bouwerm she he ot Somoges gost
the frst pace ~ nobody canbe that much seal mito
tome serous mental probiene

"Their olny te hide woud make them good sade
bombers. though

Picees oF rue Pucite

telggeientaieatinddire ‘

Dera Fecseritnry

erathowseknyondocind tel nenaandncngonfateerne
Ti wed ot yoo

tect eres

detdoga yee rns

ercouarion

canton cher rd mat coma Pa areata

To: frlightlis@hunter-net-org
From: willow!2
Subject: Works for Me
TTmalfethis idea! Chr, if those other idiots hat
st listened tome in Mogadishu, we might have gotten
tof there mone piece The localshadbeen under the
buen of moses for year. There was no way e mere
ea 0 gee them to such sds just Pecause 9 hana
of ehite guys showed up and tered whelp. the others
had listened tome and let me make an example out of
couple ofthe weaker fang, we could have convinced at
eas some ofthe gangs Buc the others were too timid.
They paid with theives. Only 0 of us gc out, and
pent thece mes in 3 hosp in Ni
‘Count me in, Soldier. With lite help, we can
eum this whole thing around.


HUNTERBOOK:REENCER

Arvrrunes Yowaeo Derenoers

| sogsee wih he aude those who defend are ot
‘esse sonon than we who aRock i 3 chess game. oak
less powesul han 0 Bishop? Boh Dave ther Uses. The Des!
‘are the wold is ft ep whan You peed @ Saw

Rather than squasbing ove eorysem Mens Gt o-
"we must nsood stv io megite out vied gS no @
coherent whole Champions con push boara ceatur cele?
{et ute wih them so we can take wsh runny toe why
the delnsive pecment L's work hgeer Yo had wey 1
‘monevwe creates nto untenable posters

But na lange Sse. we need uct he prt
* zor purpose Wha pods # tke bd whch you caret
nol? A vitor qc eversed poo sot of vay. Ou AY
5 wators so reconquc he Fath fat ms tle or 53
many aes ogo. Tel duty so pion out rear Narony

Irs vary simple. We lake. They beep

Alot ot protectrs have accused eof beng claus nthe
post T pout et tht the whole reason for my existence. 8
Set my brothers cc eaters free from whan dovery Tie
tat, seep and breathe the lberten of hamersy Tom ot
hearths by ary mens, ond T gneve when ines ore st
recessoriy But we carro! Seco cur powers potectg
oop when the criminals ere js" ging to get omoy ard he
Earthingcrimes Theresresxtulenpeopicon the pre
Imoyoe acaiple thor of wt We cart soe erenyory. Sef
Preclomed chempens reed fo get thet trough thes Meas

Yet. Ido thnk the belefsare aiminie OF othe ether
Intued,T thnk they ore the best match for uk. We con
‘centro cn Kling the mersers, ord they can back us
foting cre of enjoy nthe crite. They hat hove fern
that nwa, people ie T ent preaame Yo get n thor business
oe ty aa eae tet nme re wey
rotecteaut thee resing tho arcane arene
Wert, emal me ASAP Twaudbe gl tohove you hp.

Freya soe tras ey tons
scnandareyoe dart weirs reer anes sngrs tat
‘eet matnalouaee tr peng ae aca ee
Sino tedlinrandierhra lendnrsea at tere rot
<tc Serage ph on psc! > fe ota on
Cle lg commen cp cpg by ae 2 at
‘epi NebceSwpy adu ak dong youre
Geller tear talindaramins rage me
(Soren hr wns ce cnr ce eect Pak ony
‘rh alms gen cet Ween eee
sepia cscom poms Bro fan bk

eects saan hata becoaed Wace
Caengiate ety none a apa ee

Che sites compen pte wash od tu ry le
Seprettereepuc racig hapa Retype beg
(Dieiteseencom onduncodasen ars once andr at
srercntslow senterocoa once osc
Spent hes aac nes) a og
‘ete whe ty sh fom cng po ge ren nn
eee peyertrgt uss Teoma acai comme
Groen ep Perth shaman mea cers

Wess uo als bled a sty yt 8
pec sagen manne whe menmang un onshore Yu
SESE ES Serials acorn comromae od en on
Sots weapoem eer tas galas on

Arvrrupes Yowano fnnocznrs

hy Ge. These rove wonders onze me How an they
see the mensters for nh ey ore ad rt be reps? Tt
Fsses met toro ene! tase hurt iron te ore
‘rigs hot te bests oo pepe each rdevery ao Ye They
ref edema revenge hey oy thoy wert Ye keep open
tes al ern Footed fg are arse
year boys naar ot sparta tig He med feed
sncsheret one ach mgt end than spend the res ofthe
‘ht forcng the hae Yor nate an How wold "yo
‘ere tat? Ws the sone ob ut mnnerstood T
arconr yout hapt nope mind Tits open fa hd of
soya tompe the char off ef ofthe Ea)

"There ore tines T thek Owist nos just enother

eset, buh reay, 1 think he wos ote of these
fol. The ano trying Ye uersend the wa A

fees te cred ye ma eae eye
ved, end tyres danger rt i
tok op wth thom The: edu dea lt et everyone
Croondthem led or worse. Mork ny words.

‘ervatesunartnehomrantah ora Tahaan
stents antimony oan)
‘essen pais Wat mats bmg bce hat oor
Tales nn opcode hbk tae pay rpm,

‘Meseababetinwosoen teem Taseact opr at
eyraie tne a aes oman Sayeanprscon ay
1S Sai eminpersicatteeemyaun ce berate

‘ar npr ft al ed ogc we miso
satan ins They waa amor mc ak
Ce bale ings concer See mh ing Ta ent
‘lot sen undo bd fom fn ete ty ex Cont up th

eget ln' coy Seat mea hata ot

‘Waste atods amp uh hdinfanes intone mfahy
Tha care was ungraded Wha hwo arn
‘nema nt warned al fry hd nga ert get
eget ate mite ran a wont oP pte Wan ange We
(Sete eget oun ea a od ron
ange we a al-eprer pido aut Wi ome
‘ngs waa pte spon pln bcos eta
{ed cmt ny ae mat parton When Het
teats hage tad nisl Bettas taal he
‘athad ge wat One was deo te te Ce pel ney as
‘hated ete pt at Whe war aio ech,

gtr it sl rare er ar io ar


ane o ede our ster
the possi o saveron ©

‘ever seena group of people more 'ght-assed ny ite. These
ho sitinugnent tendo best rechadand tehabyurwing
ctor for treater ro I reece

CHRPYERS: HUNTER TES

wil sa that they are eral and respectable individu, ond
vue thot hy. But rig now we Just cont efford Yo be

bot recesses We have eg to wony cba
Te he best woy oh fang with car bom,


Arrrrupes Yowaeo Merve

Maya yt you aka ne 5 Your ug ys
se orale and yout eck wel eg you Re yu
leet bod whl cot enol osBn
‘wind by sey te cy My pow gee.
{re who cas obog yu! You ta =yu™ nue Wet cat
fone chlaen ceed ay 5 Sen rr ~ ea Pose
‘Sinden he coved ir wls ban oy cmc ha?
"Yavwerecledy "Gad" Youtawebaen pwnocorc et
genera att noe bend or orn se Lad
Foss mong Gos wl se can bu ting Bu stoton Pt
(de yout alah, amon vent onats Gado
{Sryos Godwi pode Gad wil sree Aes Renn Herm
‘Filson onc ne Duma tng ond shod be bot
(ey enon ry tn Wo abs Gols pan ~ even
prov Soterng bss ond eh
iso wrote oy ode os Gos soe than fo ve os he
ene tere et
‘Suck p pepe That's net Thre to oy o thes oon
crc. goam types on pope Be th eer rata Yo ete
the spaeyerdne br dthenerarhov wee eyesuesos
‘Toma hese ers are ofr of th wl Whe rare fo
hex f sorane Ye oll eT wa Ye
leg yon Trae eg fence between ng
theeremy/stectexendectaly embrocrg. tem Ego wt
wort hate tsoetins. bf © gets fe jos Sve fort
‘eStore The pepe Seroyaitte Sto hemacher then
Ioreter thoy teats vase. Tere re at
Bre iyey fells echo hopry rant"
wl sy that Choe met sone realy harcore eg
rts people woo hove sn he Free tty secesheg
he up theyoe dressed theyre ng ce oask-oy
ating tse Wena ey
olen Thee re sme sen fobs bt erth ae
Terps Telre th sci event canter oe
When they edn hey pul everyre res cow Ther
Vhaetatobdaasotcrnpen Negba atch wnat
plese ts al sy se pc
flock wady drt tar oon oar hp farsa bes bar
iitcactstumsiaustert ty header acts
(pinned de pc mae ear aro
Teehotnelew tounaroaenoowcest i
testing utman Soto bnaben onde
ipongtatatagran tn uertetorapttorwanstoneeys
"Stench eaarnghrigerns a Sab
intetnecno tonne
‘Rescaevnecoaph fenton any he
safc nou emmany er ng

py
Ssiscrg ret zantac
(Titacgbea erent Wie ayn antarspast oy
‘meh Wen rues a ogy de We Corp
Cerda uct ot he tien pe er
‘th oc als ng a Tey cv ach wa eo
Solemn corharany ra hie

Ttervnd rac anata ly
a eyasercongeanetegh DaydatremtPenr
‘Stout har ur uc om ay probe Fa
‘oatingh pounatentertanas tt heraiarengeonenr =
‘wcante tating

Arvrrunes Yowano Repezwens

Rpsaw, doit be loo bard on Dacor ad Blessed for fer
bopesthatout enemies canbe ‘red ot use abener werd

soved. Noting is beyond the power of God. hink we'd al
‘Ralze hat bynow.Ayearago, none luscoudesqjure fire, ball
‘eons wih word ar even see fe predators who stalked us.
New tat hese fangs ne possible, who or wef 307 ft he
redenpecn oot coud sever boppe?

‘Thane end respect hese people fr thx most Crs ke
eros me ale Hs ones bend pow
ova yt go Heme wen ye

Hove you ever conned that his might be th netion
whine Sve scheme? Ws eat te to! we al have Ou
Separate pups i Be Hall War ond ore blesed wih the
owe we ned ora Thetaskot he nay anes 10 Be
‘Schoton i sot on easy redemption = look Blessed s account
iis deadty cre fhe vope worn Trve deo isthe cos
‘redemption ese tls andfew wil 20 ot pce, ult
Serce  re or e who purely ep

do et envy these merc people, ut sespect hem. They
xenon uch ger os nous cern ndoess 0 SrpeHS
{Sor baer bands | pot fel puoly Oto tose woo whine
(Sout the ps the tut To ese compe 99) oak 01.
(Centessos You coud he burden the Durden ef ness.

ove ore thot ey never modded
Try eave the bea ony opere p Yoexiaton ed
crys Wetart tt he ren They are esters bean
car by ese nen econ rt hesecaresrs Aer
‘petwrole near nSyrocie Tearcfrosthese hates wou se!
{Beat tothe monstes nthe vo hope tha hey code ves
doytna hae gcrfesnrnatean yuswaythve ower
oTher res eyes be

Te couse ther ter aoestoha
eressbcrasehpahinie Wecespreey reed tht ertnes, af
There nent cofesors ot there nore coco wh oe
re of ther felow hres, Tadd hep one ous 3

\precicebe ond warerable ruthless mands. These hunters
Hove me potertaltobe raters Werkwthemat your owns

aaa aight ev ope a

apes aden mye ut Hk ay hai oe
theyerdedurayjndinnon faye tenis soba
‘eda tle mtr shel Toby ovary onry
SeaTict tpt un es en lt at
Sako oan a prc th coh Ar ht ay
cai Ganon ode hae ytd

denand chewy recone ton tmnt
eran ad awry wha apps yo con at th nig ned
‘pect! Wold change arenes tsk rah Would,
STi oul Bhar way Esa och abr eg ere
‘Herrin werd poy ed aa a
Wises oben poate rporun can uthn moss Ta ne
Sortie claw conpumcr tana nba emt
Aypaiatarotenstnan wane teers monte Weluatie
coms ho nb beni ha By ppc ot a
Seti Han nc naan rs ey racor

Neel tat tenant rot wea ih
totacorap cha mona rllacny khomt
"el ae won atin Sse Henge wablbg se
‘ew ony tade fs ecm ofr blip toe
ecard uta coat Sea Sey Ppa
Seater a nk tod tel whe ruc ou mang
Se bt snd bit he tcone monte pop ot ely oe
‘pepe sb tye ova mre Sys
ston wifi


nen sourag tyr onthe gona aho aot
ute oo il you Wee tae pop np tag
‘ayopprhty ado pone chee bcos

ovr rf ft nemy wa get rcs
angie hamte gttoash rt

Arrivunes Towano Vistonanies

Wren Ineavakobeto new ay Ibcame ete
ceic Transwset On oe hand # oars ceo me bat
Sewn gwentnouscl sed pesos Soca aS
Fleenaten anspovde gt osprey Awe cd ed But
Tieeno euch eae powers ac oars Bey se
‘Bourenars ony kedcfeoscna ew Te psn a se
Ywcoknees 0 fit Cor con ext Samm Fs nt ep
‘Snpoy ovroaty ay arcana et have nob Bo Pe
(itn persion at aren oe

Tose woo clans hae vison on a danger postion
Iaewaneneet ance ewan a eascl manwro na wat
Wiha poser He wos oted 9 eB ¢ company thal ode
leech andbclunedhown Stauth bes Bena
tk, "You baw  vodusand hot an engee. home planes
tre teow" Despacs dag tbe papose he coad
Serco an dept on eet! ee

"hats wn ie popes When ey ace 3 cc
ped wit ther ne bet fey be Sa te ures fk
cratic pcs con aro Sere envnced ot Be met 3
tte They peed xo ng end a to believe fer own bes
Dont tishappnto you Never frets we cet
(ecco yor uy iy must hed re ay Peps at
teowurw one wk bu caret spake Ie
Blow i soesman on ha

Te mon vos exami i's cou, Bookwoanss.
‘respec he da e's bred tere 30 ee oy od
tre hos os his peopecve Hs pudce shes hs ome
‘ord vn args who empl n 3 ps oe weed
Napion om hates cats pow Renate oes
Gly Pup sear so occu. es Proud ok

clon date exe yo eh Younes
(yourself to hse gs vot you ren you panei
Joutoat you woy Dense ou nd cp tat oe

‘nay. T ect T ant fare these people et. Theyre
excellent saiees of stormahion Got te enemy, mean
cxcelent_ but the some te tty seem espe mere
ive worrying chest the ger pure than The mest
ferhceateing dette You mod tank tot ith oh they
row cba beat, they edo ah ie more concerns
ling off the hart ond geting out wih onhle san

gest ate Yo tht hey moka me wey.
clwoyt sing $0 mary gastans { mean what there 46
\ncrstend The manstns ore the enon ora must e de
‘royed Thoveye fore anve-gzer nee pre wth
thao iar pce Bt when ey 9 off ra and

Soden nee hang ery
As lengos yo conker then fosaedente ob end

you cant tok fora better comrade. "Knowing is ha the
Bete' Iesaciché buts trae Maybe ts mace than hat
The trick is getting them te ask ely The questions you wart
crowered Thaver' figuresout how tose at yet Bet Son?
[Reveaprebiem wrsong mith thems lng ce they ove me he
(fo want, whan wat

ie bere cf pl a to wr i a hen
Fates They shy sheen ok fe poion nd
vier marcha hres

Jno tere nan bak oot

CHRPYERS:HUMTERTIES

mcr pate om mr a odin Sep i
‘hey gino of cong tt fetes eam ee So
Sone dan ett oy oh usr as
hay ans Wah oye Fe ge a reno
Siotsemrbeerteshnet any crc edi besa haa
Geottamtontirede Telehoyrrynstogaeos ulounuhst
Boyden mend ae

espn sa agi gc te ree sot
semua remy tr acete ayece anomie
Snr a= gue nares ease a
SSEint decal et ee en ebony Pe he
‘Seong ee torsos eat mee Sok Ned

Tey ltl ht aan chalga
tone ts Taya uk Bigs feet prec
Ecectnatercbertonsr bch rps Oar
{put el Benoa tht wc spr ha et
Spee mono ight ly py tom sar oF a! oe
"Sig pocorn Thala o mih get ron odo
Cotta En Ces eS nang p at pane an 8
vie song bord sr oun Hage dels sea hone

rae spy wl ay on diy Pa es tik
shndocinnpepinirtedoy hatha ended Whi
Retevtioc dae dertedhnmsyotremeas dtry utes?
Rayer catmonecta ete ceae! S ce
$Stl none oll sun tnben buon ope hotel be
‘ent ten nck Mtr nthe pray ope
opemit oa hand wean tp inden eta at
ane we al con eet hom et eres

Arvivupes Towaed Bysranbens

Regge, your word chice claty shows your ida for
those woo Dear the cll ons who wer tly rid. YoU cll
‘her folues ond duds" and contest dis fom each words
Your message. lea you thal you could never be as hey oe
Tio you could reve Hele paiva 33a ea"

Dar be osu Pie oes bee oly fend

‘You werecuntiocted wih ean you ace, ond fot that you
send be mended But he does rea one wb ed
Sexdd be conde is. rect boven cote
fo Bg. to supe to reduc previous nocie Tote i
Tothng ft cs God word fet sence chances ~ te ceed
hance pent Adam org Davide ales tough Chest
Jesus We men who aubed once furs othe ip, be sould
aeodredondveicared rolcosasdeas woriess scat
"na frtou ov who hove he Blesngs and petectona
Heras be "ercesntbe Hell War Weare aed Those who
[pinout se whol su pec ae mare vulzebe Dy a.
tear fou caters. they deserve ou respect Ond poke,
for ey howe sen the daiouss ond have So* protection. ond
‘Seyloetebatie yoy Tho! ath and courage Svat 1
ray hope to meats UD

1 fee sory for thse peopl who cart quite ocept the
wokeup Moet of hom romorber thes expenerce wth the
Tenet ond they ve woh tne go of ther rection evey
Remertofterward Tino exacy_how that fees and Tean
pene Manyof these prope seks fterward yg
Sof ways to conrate Some are useful a that they hve
IRoney or crmection that canbe exleited Yo continue the
Rint Thove beard one such perseninCafernawho's qty
Sock severe tf ferenthurterocvessthestote Myotude
& tht they Seserve or unserstoncg ard our respect ITs
fod enuph for tego after the enemy ~ snap dong


HUNTERBOOKC AVENGER

preter love, than 0 give up one's ie for a fiend." She

walked with Christ, yin to save all humankind.
‘Youu say you fel selfish — that when you think|

ether, ound yourself thinking ofthe things she could

protecting you, helping you, saving you — aren't chose
expresions of her love for you? I Believe in a happy
ie. I*have? to. If didn, Fd go mad ox sink back
ur believe with alm hear that she

bliss right now. Youdon's need to pty her ote!

‘Well, what if they did? You see this as uppalling|
ing, but your view is not that of God.

‘Naturally, 1 wouldn't pose this theory on she
in Tse. T doube that mise are ready to ear
Bu... doesn't ic explain a oe?

sterkncked Thove alot of respec fer anyone wing todo that,
{ret wil be heppy to ccep! whatever he they canoffer. The
best prt he these people that they hold artes in sch
high regrd thet they are easy led ond can serve ovale
peor network for fur spears beet urn the away for

ce pdatam nara
Getet uments Telia ht weed
Deeg hap m ay ny ey ca he be poo
angel wk ay ae be ft emp hen pron oot

ahaa estima

ots wr et ond hrs wo hl. we shoul seep wth
clef cougar as wha he enegeegr

Seana vnce guhans ans modern ah ab

* reac eed ay cw el ave a

Arvivunes Yowaso Orace Avencers

im dah nd even feed byte dsseton ond
cerogues| ine nae The ao mero maint ese
‘Soe snd paps eredtinopos SHE e ow
nets nue cop fe prose sty cn our cwn te
‘wo tac re er fonts ed Nes tour ng
‘Sats whut wor fe tee and obtan of oe ow
srousdomou los hemppe vp revs nya) More
‘San het hoped hls be woud pd ook ses) od
‘owns arent waren, Masco ae nse bo! Pah
Souk oar te men soy oe hers
‘Wea you shold ae nerd Your rug nsstees ht
wer ne nace oor Kd oe ks ten
"Tsede Thos osentcy ro basa neooebletoe Hanne
Surge ss besa be postr the es pacer 9 Pe
och' not the penerts ond mower plone anyone
‘Sieied byte Main aod route set Ce
‘Soop totes pupae recoded own menbecanp
USanrevaa her cegton power were pve ao fey could
Sede wheter ol of not burn pra eeng Fase
aetng ace Be tts mayo pe)
inthe any one gop wos erase by the Herod o
saectoain lad Wer was auppond be 8 ea obvvE
Resa noe tvs wold dou Me, ity We're al
‘Rpposed we oper Decora ft oon gov she
Senge er the os esa? of he Chosen ease" oly
fpng pay to be bands of ot coarse. who've aeady
EeRad cd tga mont tne avon ee
What cont ny? Were the ony hae thie werd hat
‘sonchon weregong rohan eearnto egos carers
‘rere cergaegiage! gether rey nae thereat
Sresiy after tthe kat whee force, the bd ho
Son dernord exh ter ond whet oa
ecigy. Tobe wh ad wh woe we hve Yo
re for something. Wihowt that. were rotting bit ©
Bonen ot hardnwnd kare ur beh ce both ways The
‘her we hold fo or causes, the stronger we ore Look ot
Risser The brother donor ate onesies
Setetonorgweshnhspewer T¥snilucon ure, out that




or every hate
parents lledin bad: bu
—lsaiah 95

Everyne asks qutstors cout cr estence: Why mere ne
rected Whot ere ne gpd 0 3 What ar arse) The
‘vous araners nthe er ermard are kr Yomero Bh
Ut earseher To astray the wort moraten rome fapng
aes supeststhere daw benjwaned Tareas ors
wecnaskor cxrsebesat orrgertinte strapleare Wret sau
{tein the nr for hurany ar the word nd can me we?

As these quests oten eeu ofyourse and save
noun cova nights of ne serie entree a ys Se
tofernyaurounarowers Forme *ialplon Wearehere ores
‘return fosbetter tne Anler wer tre when eveyone bes
inpeace Wearehere oft areekten peoples mcs to
pen nen the ewer apatites cee rose Tos sche?
Wingthengnmares Tha tabu! iteroran Tha gba ore
1.01 ld Worl Order, the very ede of them a

‘Our ultimate purpose is ot wrttenin stone Ifa choice
we moke withthe powers we've been given ond the conection
wre feel inour hearts Hoven? we fbf lng wars et tht
this werd was wreng, toned somehow? Hover me pod the
Price for aur behets, daring everything forthe sake of ar
Principles? Tel you right now that Tmay not agree with
f you out there, But you cre my brothers ond sisters i the
Strbpye (yes, evenyou Soke) ond T respect you fer your
aage 10 ston op for what you beiewe x Youve ol en
throgh hell and kept ongoing ord that soy let about you

We hove anche *9 ee ou fothes ore fart ethars
hove ved. This cr the power it bestows coves ot
‘pct repenibiy tse tf the betterment tethers We
rove arosnon to cerae ths war of the forces nc corral
‘or lowedenes canine naberter nor opie tres egsity
ndeppornarty freefrembengsthat seek topreyena ts that
Sepa ot Sthecur ata ae slow brs"ocorpere
Mery of st noy never ine see become ares Th hy.
TET fl Thnom there wil be others o Yak my ace

Tf we ore ever ging 19 succend, we hove fe harden
ouster othe res*hesct he stnage We marrarstove
it cur conpatsen and pity aide. We have fo harden car
Facets vo feninge of lonelnes snd deamon We must be

f the warrior is with confused nose, and

shallhe with uaming and fuel of fire.

repre to ke scrices nde must accept fond when
‘eves of ife mart be our own Ths a wor we have tight
Sone, an we can? falter. no matter how panfl the price
epefly. cur exonpe wil conance the rest of the chosen
‘tour way theright ene We comet andwilvet force hem
to occept the truth Thy have fo come to themselves,

Te Revouurronaey Puan

‘The struggle to tree Earth from ithunan domination con
be broken down inte thre tune steps

‘The breton of goverment. duty ard madi from
nhuan contr. 1 presrt or niy 1010 Meta to he
‘ences sony hampered bythe ft tet they posses
Sree comers of cra n mace scety. They Moke and
rire reas comolorbelneasoe Sete whet fore
Sorte resem ondtow we rece These ae te rman eas
Dyan temorevre ce tcoton sicesive ea
ho nares oe eelnest The fest stages ofthe revouron
Doddte te ecae he ceaure ha exerese fence these
(res ee destroy them cs gach and effet a posse This
Pe wcute ay rd ol hue sales whe wily assist ot
cboroe withthe morstes for ther ew ael-oterest oe
rsora gon One tos sep es een accareiches me Ca we
‘eae ncramersct wflseceYopencihes ohare cctwty ont
Dip ccretdresesuaten ofthe gers puhe

‘Webs haan exes net ha erie hat. Once
we hoe ened fem con oer Moher Geveearts. we
Cas pace the rege armed forces er polce ocr apes 40
‘eet oct ery onde remommg mancvers The genera piece
Sepaed Ye reper? on wail or sapicous ates aor)


tasheghenthamanty tragh tre Stl prod andeneg
Teagrisston Ur aan snes ear sry
Sgoermert ht et aut oreo crumarefarees roses
cn bencqured taser steps eee grep
ron the tres of ay nea rvtumar resrsors Byers Poor
essed apreprate yy Test wou be lowe Yo ast The
tenn geemnert naagporteg rae

‘The plan rows on ted and tre historical model, ond
ons Yo fos cr effortsn the most efficent monet OF
curse, rone ot tha gang to happen overnight Comper
the fest step clone coud take years, bo once 6 accom
Dlshed the rest woul ely fala place quchy

(Our Furune mvuc Hew Woatd

‘Ae snted hepa aes ffm crf we
creday cence feet hurry Taare
maiaihehrpel rocxransgierehapdpenrets

Certara hen he ees rege we ao
{favo wert Sots Tek on Src wee ame
torte oshry en efarce Wie men Stee cy
"roel ayng.xyrand Once whine my ony le fret
fiondanar acre grgtohoe noe ator our
ie The ds me be ey woh fort Bepeng one
Ses pressor terest Fonyers wera bee goon
‘Shct eons toumnecar frctowres heron yearn
T rece thot tare wl be resect o esa hres
hace we mee Jad Shendars Seon ret. Wiad
toners crf te pct ned we coed Oras
cy wht far a eng cerned or tprames nce he
Pes eth for at hyo ne an ra tore phe
Tentenn cca em abi mae serge
Rievefimercttetaatot sett oaaiuepery prea
The csc oy to ay org ue we ccerre
cn the fl push Yo feah the bears, erce and fr oh The
Srl easy menos nh
uk ema tice mentors ofthe ean kn tere

cr volece ~ then begin o renal. Ths why we hove
Seperdon tre poploce tosert teary srct ature actty

By thi por, the er of the word wl be cng to for
aint Wie must Pot Fal ham. Wel have Yo page ty ee
radence of shar tat rom suey Shey Can oe est
Sur minds ever agin That oy a a ah? lla Yo
peng a felon mbes ote foray ren ates eee
{he Creametorces,Tbekeve we can ever fart the ues Yo
cvesee tis elfert Ts sean the the pete peste fr Trem
ramept helper! feces wth other haters

{realize these sem the rar steps, bt remember tht we
have tou reward of years contenig mare ert
{e. Thresro way f reg how rg wits for te Pest of
thehurenroce oworksnoy thou af the Backspace
bythemerstesscortoniysewra gre ere Ethemeartme we
are gong Tohave tule wth usc, fest cred decisweness

The Mase Puan

Doyou er obeat Pry dreamt he He Wa? Very we
‘want ose an ay of enbued meeting rsa one sane
day Usted une' oe Goan barnes we rar openy se
sets andclean the Holy lyf any we fd. Wen rash
Is ycured, we move on roughou the Mile Fst — Ext pe
{first cessptbr longa dered Crybycty. angina cam
tbo power foc ny create oS.

‘Yes Iwano be ane open ard Shorr wos
tryegiohe tn ouhewacreman-naaculmute ects
sspeod frou sa scan bumpe sorngrewnenes wheat)
ney sreved ret [eae =n aces Hel a

‘Subject: The Hunter Monster Dialectic
Frome det 55
To: fel lot @hunter-net ong

Forgive me fl perceive great many snuanties
Inetwcen Your modest plan andthe revolotionary ideals
of mainland China's party ancestors fT may, plese

been upscrin recent ies by the eflecscfthe revolution
War Charan Ma cleo er pes
Shwe upset dhe bane by iting cr deeds
foreicaptalamandinetry. Inthe confit fener,
the balance supposedly upset. Whether this iy re ot
tot Idonceknow fat we sera ply great monsten.
‘Whatever the ecct dat bred the monstes thas ao
‘echced an oyyente fice. so dat we utes can sec
reste dhe level of enenpes that made the East great

ewe acre habe when ona yr re
engin cbthtonlccmsamie nye Fon

the end of cee yc funn ew challenges ans aoe

‘oes tow cs of toe shades 4 he ce eweyskrcbor

Goredaher carywarpredtopnd ethan |wavlavs gots!

trae ceaures Ir cal uous b ene ar fa hee

fom [wort ban adc te age fey war o cease

Fela sctumpeyi te hes dam aks Wr sfepe
en ek et whe wart

‘Wher stands in ox way? Chosen and anned by God, hat
sculd® nd ou way? Only oe hing. Only elves. On
cu gectet Seg and ou atest weakness ~ out ee wil

"We nav beevhanded be tok ond pwn he cohen an
shen seta sane hen shored patng then oe
Lhe ofr ous 0 ampons of God

"we've a seen propio who sore he col. and here oe
cxrconcy Amro shou eroued who wld tte ae Side
Bur then te god Bight tars he tight tang 0 do. nt
Ging up ot cane fhe woe?

Wsbeterten oti. bute pie har heps ou cused on
year ows levels be Des weapan agar us Fo ll yes ot
sora mecing Wit 2 we es powers i te hands fa pety
God Burov wiht wl ery one pra cto west
take, cod ato Sov up ou redo serve Go We can do
Peege neg ond dong as bere fe has ory er ORY
ld re ta bute Sant We chose Be nro Weeden
Seed of chice~ dre ters om.

tary wondet hth fr of evl nrc have cloaked
thee nga wih the paw proche"? Ws out Seco 1
ce Smears dice ft dams sal Aslorgas we att
Soveso hake we can wen bats. bu wel never win be Wa

Waanessis

Tee Se lectern nt

Se RE Mgt Mates Ret

Themes nace posy Wo bers cy fi! ve
nts neues ene spor danny rdbooenSs >
ages Oe ees was eg bt Wah yw ct t
Sectyannmoy acacia owone


From: travel?
Sbjct: RE: RE: Might Makes Right

: tke my ball nd
muumgh forthe ache side
that Wrath be removed frm tis st
ke the Bible, dn'e you! How about his
quote; "Before you take the mote
tye, pull the punk ou of your own."


to de wthou the savor of Chest

‘notocical level eal deat tat hes any' sempre
aulrhsetcamprarse wh asst orn igo ges

‘We ned 0 coral et snow 1350" Bee Hes
would pick smeane wihout beng pan he pan and hase
‘Scaped ine at moving er feces be aly Ory woud be for
cour then tenga people and rata l e way Sen Be US
‘She reeds be stow be tue pam but unl ht happens |e
‘Roto cov et oft ah ere obs De OY
she ldo erougs durage co te ranstecm haere!

hah farang ant chr
‘cimathentdeandiewerboyrancegopsniootscaeay
Wore oe isc nua tary tg SG
‘elt nny mo cc in Ha nena
‘hereto und ha creed nea
Heturas he ateahmabrtatl Utah fa seta

leu ae par Wr eae
‘Sdapnna anu yi ards
"ent corse arty mya Yas
icin Dru prac nmedeedayParaara te ech
ican na sloped onsre sorte
Seay tes nso sit ane ea yma de
ital en tubens gant td ae

Thacad aan pate ar ety pe Say
coin al aybann igen da maou teary
‘ultenrhrted an otecrtangoa tet deed oye
Siroenbevacs he pektctenderendlteGpeoromene
‘arp wea pet Fog gf cent py pot
ohne Tas mo apc op wat

‘Snir Awone Us

1s rar tht strug a importa 0 this one weld
breed rubelevers hate hve Sama so Sects the
{ause tht theybecone.semethingmore Fre heardet reckon.
(es ile wth psn hot they ca each ar powers mt of
‘Shore never exprencea They breathe acudet sty fg fro
‘here monet coca the Powers some nes pases
renrySedoncsiergt= Then deren on to frerare mes as
le ncorparden We dels his these mass pose NS
{Sel of what we cn achieve. far motes re pre or we Sy
edcsted the true Who hows whe we might eertly
‘cconpih if hese menor woman are any nse? Toe wor
tea te han sens fl farang posses
‘What worse however ¢when these sty nde
fr too mach power too Gach. The one ty potent
tora Thove Pet seemed' ses by hs dencoton
‘Okay, lets not beat round the bush He was crazy
Tt anonshethemore determined ore fw 570 Sestoy the
smorcers the mare pomehe aN coNOR Bt Phe mer esesSeahe

‘Tos freight e@hunter-ct re
From: icttre!!
‘Subject: Kil the unbelievers
"Tarn the police and the amylose on the coun.
Rook out the monsters an ll them before the people'
ces Send spesund informe through che towns tofu
Imanyone who daloyal What wil Brame of these
people? A bullet head and. mass rave, expect.
‘We have see this all befor sm Bosnia The media
ealed "ccc cleaning" I'sgencide pure and single.
Years a thngh meee who dost eee in Your
‘Sa mona, in mane noe in dee. Will tele
epi as well expectnot. That might give
ten achuncrtodenamee yout font opto
‘All the monster we have seen were brought by
‘Serbs. The fais the have murdered will not tay io
‘thee graves and there are armpits loos in he county

‘comes rd the rece hi power the les hen teat
‘est fen pai oct for_poting. except te rth re
‘Diet ter arrange es acho yy rt
recta telnng enero {hour ws Seen
sey Got tr nn wat so mache Ne fern ese wo
‘Shc for sr Tones hin a for wn ing
Sri was net competey cored Then he Jat
‘hedat mth har ad cates wart op Fe brubed het
‘He nha oy wo esc ek
Tithe lar pervrterndoweweapn ardT have needle
axnomar for ye non Seber a hn 3h eestn
Famer wereestoms'n these sateen arty he os
(orth tap cece tenn poer om Sop Whe ore
‘hom fares chen fawn of hor? Heh eer be
Seerenes cong fad how waa we sep in?
het In tryg toy these cle ight ne
doy Slovene oo aiy sen tare We fe 3
‘tron hey hove ro mere ansters fh? Wil they goon
Forage? Wil they tawen nat) Ife posse, hophegs
Sesslc Wemgpr net sestoy hamefore they can ey
STaertine te cesoss ote maprot hove arysteretie
Fewer comp. ot they soy ~ aye ven power eo
own We might See tha both of wie new gerertien of
‘antes ees thet Codd han The Cron
shooter ta ty cha para hed
Sora aes tn ging be mas pe ye ene
ofa mewn em or tn tn fy ha cr He
Sicay te aay mori gree
‘dpe nthe apolar
sedcomfe tao tal yma cat nn gal
prautinentndomeopaed torneo ont
Chaat ontdeocven tl ent nam nae bro
E bt
Sangeeddctaneeioon taper apc
bln ate fon poly femesibe


Salsenstac ratty caw bone nd ne eee
cfpouetety nce sata a samme a
‘Shea postoljomintantcfaasaais chewy nem
{dal sh ela ue medio acompah bk

abrhca so deal athe esn ere
‘aya ct oo a hb wt et
fen arco ean ote Py tres be cont
‘yung hanna sacri rept Su
fehegdtaluneribertan then soncy nae hp
‘Suttle ae pps

PULLING BACK FROM THE BRINK

that se wr ay

fmacrce crn Pape ahr mea aa gg fe

ptr oem ora me ts br pa ry
no Th ovo se asthe
oper apathy wting

‘al dao cf paces a
‘hon tind ncn ay gon et ad
Tfovuta rbot alu cn cine
Walt hap ra arte la
sath nett raiae atone TPs
Sincahwad ner masetecyeapr Cin tng ey
rmavchrguthorpelirtudessntatimar warn bey ot
‘prado egy mer meen
(Falqaatatorantdeat olny nonce far ap
Sntetaths dg ana ten enw enpbnaasanglagpon
te ge at hn

‘fasta tal hey ere mead erin

‘Srones ime Road

Trl day ermal mus at
toate probs wanes oon ere 2 ©

(pect cay around Magen Sep Sun Four eg i og et oe
nie gre man ns pha rad anna io
‘yn cona cry bee wl stem at fy Me ee

exo  h

‘Sobjets The End ofthe World|
From: jgusr251

Toe faclight Jsc@hanter net one

Soldie

Groton Men have heen ang youn
exng po and weed share with you wa gen in
‘myhomelind Here de wcie Mayarshad many bei
antes and Bowe wonthip. and yetthey ake moh
(Best pa who lived in the sy. ad in the Mayan
‘aed dr very wan ow the Eat wl be dextoned
foe then rmaie by the bo start anew ole vg
‘Yous ieas ein oe ofthis cd tale, Cou ic ethae
‘hisnexe well the sume athe coe youn! Thatte
hy gah the Mayans ate the aliens yu describe her,

‘zacormct then wehave ver litletane lft tobingalothe
‘aes together sd full he wis ofthe po

um ios al move 3
etarh Th net een enge a ned ny
bene chaleger gt ate man
San pad ge ong tn de
pirat res corn bal on

ug ard ub loner

Eels realtetatedeciieg sant Pepattnse ile
etl nd ey nde rt ogee Fave ed
oes gay ec satin nny begs oe
FEinlge chadsteoariaowmtce hey uliatharpiat
Sis ec at at ance ats "raet ag pcm
Sade Werte come kon lel pont
Zases bor rena sete
Serblntnrnalbmaha wel efeed coae



rs are people with pamonate and wealicic view
Their terse consent

coungetofightthe hemutthe night Lng
aggrenive andconhneatceal entities ret

Trait an special capabilites thar Avengers poms an

develop. This chugter isdeixated tthe commen andnew

Archetypes, Abilities, Backgrounds, ees an
apply to Avengers. These unique Traits define who these
people are. This doesnoe mean tomy that these qualities are
exclusive to Avengers — oer cred members can have
them, to. Thefollowing mechanic are emply indicative ct
the wrathful ard are probubly gases on by them to other
tenbucd as hater nxiety becomes sl-sware

Hew Rrcucryees
Crusaner

The Cruse asa vsion fe making the woe a bere
lice, be it thmugh scmething as vase ond sweeping 38
democratic rfoem or as pees 2 eliminating jaywalker,
from cry see: Thea inva live thei al read
merely preaching them, hoping wo eft charge by ations
and examples Social actvses, young poliscus, racic cops
tal ure epucterscffen exempt the Archon

Regain Willpower when your actions spite
others to adopt your beliefs
Dewacocue

The Demagogue affects the world around her by
snciting people based on commonly held preyadices
fears ot traditions. She achieves influence by drawing
‘upon people's emotions and then inciting a reactioe

tused on those sentiments, creating a self-image as &
chanamatic, passionate leader. Demagogues are found
among politicians, religious leaders and media figure.
Regain Willpower when ¥

va theie fears or dates.

The Sothern only gets thvogh dic tui with
cmgeeence and deteminaeie, but e ses his congo
dacugh a6 well keeping ther marae an theit minds
focused on the tk at hare. These people arent necessly
inlay pe Any penen with the sxeagh of wilt fcr
avery with aca, unnbukeable resolve and sill ave the
necretct thea coral athean criombeh this Archon

— Regain Willpower when your ations serve to
sustain your team though dificult or adverse conditions.
Yount

The Vigilante
preferring to take matte

faith in che laws ofthe land,
into hit on hands and seek
revenge. When confronted by what is clearly an offens
ogainst himuelf or another (even a strange), the Vig
ante confronts and punishes the offender, taking care
make the penalty uit the crime. Viglantes canbe found
mong wetal activists, cynical cops and religious figures,
Regain Willpower when you successfull strike
backatapenon ot organisation that has wronged you or

Avencce Came

Although Avengem share many slits, ther overall
shoal and mental development deo wads based on
Iceletccenmement (some woulda tanta devote)


HUY CRBOOKCRFENCER

thee Meals. Avengers in each ofthe three typical "camps"
—hankore, maderate and peogresive — npeally exhib
a range of Archecypes, Abilities and Bockgrounds that
reflect thei particular outlook on the work
Handeors

Hankore Avengentendthewerideofirtheirowm deals
oe the ober way arund. People and incites that an
ceunvertothes ninesar hindamentlly wrong andmust be
converted cc destoyed. There is n0 midi grand

Theharkure Avergeristpicaly a pasicnate and opin
foruted speaker, arg apunst the world w camer wth
(One Truc Way orpersh His primary goals to sel the aks
the crac w that when the time comes for acti there
an army ofthe agcus to remake he wor in mage

Hiankore therefore place a high prioiy cn. Social
tributes, fvoring Charisma, Manipulate and Appeat:
tance in chat order: Physical Traits are next 1 peeerence
when wwadstul action the onlyaltemative. These farts
Pace equal emphans on Seength, Stamina sed Dexterity
seeking tobe ea for any challenge: Mental Traits alas
favored Who needs rea when ane has th

In terms of Abilities, hardcore Avengers generally
favor natural Talents, particularly Expeesion, Leader
ship and Tnvimidation
especially rats, Demolition and Fears. Knowledges

degree are uncommon, but some
1s, Occult or Politics

Background deed by hare Avenger ca inchale

Skills come a close second,

AAncral, Dstinyeuloccacmaly ene velct ule (e767)
Moncanre

‘Where the hardcore airy eyed and uncompromising
Inthe belie moderace Avenger are more pragmatic inthe
cause of goa veeus evi Dire people ave every right

bold dierent belie soley as the eal eu he sane
eviliswrorgandmusthe stopped Maderate Avengersare just
_scemmitted destroying morsten as their hankore het
renuare, butaremonewllingtowork withthe Zeke whine
‘Neal night nee cowed wath then

Moderate Avengers ae slid, outspoken types who

act personally on their outrage a8

‘opposed to dragging others ino it. Their Atributes ae
the most flexible ofthe thre camps, with equal emphasis
‘on Physical, Social and Mental. It doesn't ake aparticu
lar characteristic to make a moderate Avenger Jus a
willingness to confront evil ad kill t when possible

Moderate Avengers tend to favor afaitly broad base
of Abilities, weighted toward amix of Talentsand Skills
that reflect the Avenger' profession and interests.
Knowledges tend to be straightforwanl and business
like, such as Law, Medicine or

Almestary Backgoundisuefltoamanscream Avene,

Procacssire
"Progrenive" is something ofa misnome fr anyone
whofitschebillofan Avenger, but i's usefl co describe the
polar opposite ofthe hardcore fan. The progressive tes
things inthe worldhe recognizes as wrong, buiswilingto
vestigate any and all avenues of how wo attack the
problem. More inclusive than moderate Avengers, the
Progresive actively courts the opinions and input of
thers even membersof other creed. This docs not mean,
however, thatthe progressive i avene to kicking a down
<u and wading nto room wich a Basing machete
Progresive Avenger, recognising the valu of varied
sourcescfinformation and insight, are much more cerebal
than thei hankore counterparts. Mental Attnutes are
‘ment favored, with atos-ap berween Physical and Social
sn second plac, depending on the Avenger' origins and
tnclinaticas. Some progreswve Avengers coene from the
‘academia, while ochers ate military personnel
A wide namge of Knowledges are mest favored by
rogrenive Avenger then Skllsand finally native Talents
along the ines of Alertness, Awareness and Intuition.
Backgrounds that are wsful to progressive Aveng:
rs include Allis, Bystanders and Resources

ing new Abilities and Backgrounds ae

likely ro belong to Avenger characters, but aren't nec

etn, Membersof other creeds may

posess these Traits. The Storyteller should approve

such "poaching" before your chronicle begins, though,
re that all players character are unique

Trumrs
Wore

Lacy," Ricks mingtokephisececain. "Hon, youe
spy have wt of my hand and gob my le." He lca
baum Bgmstahe eon Ly were soi up. When she fl
othe werd hed rk,he a heed fhe, grabbing
{orheruth one hand and ayy nag omathing with de cer
He'd accendolatheh neha meaty were dd fr
A phn cable! A poner re? —60 ct above the coer.
Lucy, I'm gona need eek hands to ge us back
He could d> a one-handed chin-up. Standing on the
rod, he might even beable wolf Lucy one-handed. But no
suzy coud he do a one-handed chin-up wth her halon
Lucy, would you let goof my fucking hand"
She ced, but didn't move. Rick grimaced, wrapped
fis Legs aru her and tried to pry his hand fom her grip.
Miche s a Talent for moving mass with muscle
Generally, t means your charactet has trained his body
into a sate of advanced buffitade. That, ot he does 1
much manual hor that muscle has developed naturally
"This Tratdoesnotimprve hunter sapaci todas
people with Browlor Meleearacksanditdoesrellydohin

sarily exclusiveto


when using the Encumimnce, hanging, Lifting) Fralong,
Opening Closing oe Throwing rues (Hunts, rr
YoucmakidoscM
Saength + Athlercs poo the Statler ages), bu cy
sehen perbemng sah sat sof Fen

Might
have more dots in this Talent than you have dot i
Strength. Someone with one doc of Strength simply

support moes than one dt

Practiced:"I ove the manly emell of my we
belt in the morning." ¥

imetent: "Watch
the Nautilus
Expert: "Watch me crack
abs." You qualify as "muscle bound,

wecrack th
‘You routinely rack every station o

this walnut with my
we protein drink endonse
Possessed by: Jocks, Nari
Specialties: Clean and Jerk, Masive Arms, Ripping
Phonebook, Smash
Fasr Deaw
We can ak his over." Big Wally grinned, showing.

1 don't touch alcohol

Bharat replied, her face like
Iie the leches any more than youd, Id' like to oy her
cut. I don't like burying my boys after they get bed dry
but... the Bloodsuckers are goad for busines.

So you're going to side withthe en
hear yom 30

Ts want
Alcohol sa crtch for thse who can confront hee
Big Wally flashed. nan mse i was lfm i es

hone he'd seived Adora' "You fac

bitch," he umld, reaching — and hen he frome isha was

Ralpuoyacrceshascet. Bhouwhal drawn spec, chalacnes

the table and plaid he hare half an nc from ise e. The

vs aay a her ace: "Akh ech eres
‘Your character isgoodat geting a gun (orkneorapait

sineedle-now plier readytor aight nahury. Foeeach ce

you tke in Fast Draw, you can roll another de dur the

inmianve segment of combot.Donetadd the eal
together! Rather, pick the highest single
your mututive rll I you decade to do anything bess
-.wnththe weapon den reduce yur initiative by fot
dau dosomnething dire with your combat acuun chan
be mile of combat tnt a gos idea).
ce: Jimmy Stewart in The Man Who Sh
Liber V
Practiced: Gary Cooger in High Noon
wood in Fissful of Dollars
Master: John Wayne in The Shoot
Police, Gang

Possessed by: Firearm Aficionad

Ankle Holter.Knfein Pocket

d om Gino's fac as e pulled is
Two frowning men sede
ino flicke ich. Ye
126 Ashton Way?" Gino asked
Well, Ig Dunsim? Some:
acks i the foundation

s lore swith di
kee wekonderihchere, chy? Miss

Dar goa ay me for hag my as ee whether 1
curr de fn orn. Ife me in, she ets snching
chermancy Isl the tae te tha fxr case
sec dh thcugh , a hea chance domy eb
semen seemed tn make

the ge. Thiey

sminacs later, they were deal na ped oftheir wn bod
(5 Gino se iret the coffin i the mansions basement,
"Yeah, OF Miss Dussim's gonna pay all ight," he
smuteed. The ide smile racked
es Abr i sed to bul and epi
ers even small erctures — this Skil i
actully balding. maintainingand repairing
pouses and buildings If your character has three o moee
dks, e's probably a profesional or former profesional In
he Alulity to hui aheaue, strip allo police

Whereas the C

down. Consructicn ea therefore be ued interchangeably
sith Demolitions when #t comes to knacking down bik
hand, whether tke
ceabuliicer. However, unlike Demolitons hi
emactexpiaives I won't let you
hom, but i wil lee you stick iin the right place ro
imum demas 2


Novice: Tim Allen
Pract: Youknom your wayarsund Home Doe

Competent: You can el

Even

believe me. It's noe a trick

The average human being exerts litle
any. Even athletes with supeth

Pai: Dice-pool penalties rom
snjuncs ae reduced by one forthe remain
der ofthe ene. This eect isnot cumula
tive if more than two muccses are

the efcct i atempted repeatedly in the


Slow Blesing and Bethan Ifyou charac
ter hasbeen mced t the Wound lve
through lethal damage, performing this eat

wth bla los
reshce health evel loa one em
shou), However,eachauccen pa
three als nohies your characters Dents
bone: If Dexter drops to seo yu cha
acter ummetsliced and blo has can be
Alowed no further
Deth Your charateten
lke coma. Only alvanced medical up
‘ment can determine that he sal
‘While inthisstate ourcharocterrequrestit
ssoxygenthan normal, he doesnot xe any
Ihealth levels due to bleding (even fecha
mage exceeds Wounded) andthe fees
of powsons in hs loxbtream are delayed
until he wakes up. Uniornnat

gue n't an exact xen: Yo
cunt choone when tomnapoutofit
Lots anywhere fem an Ra to
that not all effects can be performed in ascene
hocause abigh number
efor. your character seek

we ink
succes, Thove eft must be rolled fr eps
ling hat wxcenes in aneffort
ath doen't throw your character ito 3.coma
pm back in
over blacks
+ Scholar Youcould maken wakeupin
Ponsesed by:
Specialties: Any
Bacxcrounds
Base
sth rt anered dor atin, Wendel cand se rl
clo dead tod hfe bench herp an. Her wa
twas hemore pregunta pesca
Shs — dust tomrof Rei! Cradle, eed
Gal Lexa ereforurne Abs a
Cobb se. Gal rey

the feats listed above

Wendell could fee! shat prickly, uncomfortable sensation
ning across he arfaceofhis body. Fora moment, he was
back the played bog pushed dew, stood flashed ath
dean's office, stood aga before the judge. eas
cm a wove ofcharel breath
"Your Gad can kiss my as
All his ife, Wendell won
God had cursed him with such a violent temper.
Now he knew
Your character has scene unresolved sues festering
s2eay this subconscious. When someone pases his bat
tone pat right, his temper bos ver. Maybe yout character
freaks xt when peuple mock his surte. Maybe he can't
stand to we a woman alae. Maybe qucsioning his sexo
ality isincolerable. Whatever its whenhe exposed tothat
‘aml, you must make asuccentul Willpower oll.r your
character lashes out violently tthe offender
you fal the Willpower rll (or yo decide tha your
uracer goes with the ue) he can perform oe action
epineplrine fueled ulzaviolece. The next time be hits
somvoe, aid hisntang in Beek tothe damage pool be
hearer scala Tha bueuachen apply tofirearm oe ms
arracks but cud pomubly be abled to Senet in ase
feat ach w magping hand oe ching wooden chu
Thofdingmadhoshasiopee. though Yourchartet
satin bshing damage nb ster ditcgad tx hsown sey
Te bealth velo depen cn how many dese asin his
Backgrand Such damage can be seaked with Stamina and
sth amet appicabl (Steeler sdacrevens aor
nay ep prec ars true in a meres beating).
Rating Levels of Bushing Damage
2 One
34 Two
Thee
haracter can go berserk only once per scene

e's imporsible to go "partially berserk" by using only

some dots in hopes of suffering les bashing damage
No one messed with you on the playground

after that first incident.

Your self-control count rarely makes tt "10.
‘You'vewerkalasabouncer atkethechancestovent
‘You've probably done time for assault.
don't make me angry. You

priest. "Behold the Voice
ne us! Beha the Metaron

There were only ive people ix che dingy basement. The

lar" had bee bu bya expert carpencer only the week

=


HUNYERBOONC AVENGER

fal" wasa 19-yard dese esa she. Ard
3et the a was hk wth bee an hey wth raicpecon
Tuomas dntine dine I chads
in Gad, het vn ay dng ach a ego. He ws
riamacite aneteyne acufirh dedePime hen)
SeVice woide Th Bueroutucscbaray ln
You've become the focus of anew eligion. Maybe
they thnk youte God, ora least his voice on Eat
Either way, some people look to youtoexplan the ie,
When rein yout characte? ct, ep in inl hat
people who follow new reigns — even ces sated by
Kees whocrecapable cf appre "mares eeu
‘ohave aig sake the sa qu. Moves and shakers the
inertia people nary pester tau Sn
thereby homing ont the fine weal be mewn whe
cuames ang. Your cust are probably ke, mis and
dhpuuswihlitetolae Burakngayoupeerctthemand
ipeetheraxmething belies inthe ova yousnth what
ldedhey ave other Your charter dew gash
for asitnce, och services ee mney. The Seyler
dis he allower ace wing 0 by way le
Unie lies, appre ane! thro gh Cl my wit
es yur charter poe nie ardmay he expe the
Tae without hain ath cx beng ven fre ah
deplye aniline may be watz te peg
+ Two provelyiing believers, remarkable only
for thei faith
Four followers, one uf whom may be a ite les
hale than he odie — alle 9 el pes

Six followers. One is exceptional

— sates, richer or more dang
average perton.
Eight followers One is extracedinary — a cut
shove the hoi pollo and maybe even a bystander
Ten followers, and a leader — your right
thand — who has the skills and belief
recruit more members
Pave
Lams dodge! tah he dy has rt coms, che
down he ght. thd ete mh stars ord on Hawn,
hnatragh se wus derma des & Her ch wes ed
cad shecndd seth flames dppf, ue froone deca
‘She rounded a comer and thre was the spr, sanding
‘by am open wind, loki out ovr the iy. She wondered
‘fucould survive the fall. eseemed to wonder the tame tng
Itheld outs ards, enreaning, pleading, but she news
Thechainarced tough the and through the ser.
Agniing he phot flesh. The only sound tht cond be heard
was the ule of the links; the ghos's seams and eres
‘were inaudible. It eae out he window desperation.
(Orky when Lars sored dd she se perarg mes,
caulngacesste wal. wremudhtehndesofraeadsxios

The good news is, you've got some help when it
comes to hunting down paranormal creatures. The bad
‘news, your benefactor wants you to eliminate is rv
Every exy kil iss up for you cements its power. Your
monstrous patton helps you find prey indirectly and may
‘even haul your balls out ofthe fire if you do something
stupid. But che minute you become'a dhreat, all the
powers that protect you will cum on you. The Storyteller
‘Sceidesifand when your character's benefactor aids ir,
and when he crosses the line against i
© Your "master" is more smart than powerful

You'e its best pawn, and t might even have t
play you personaly

You have attracted the attention of a modestly
powerful creature. [thas at least one of wo
ther catspams, roughly as powerful as you
(though maybe not inthe same way.

Youite ene of many pawns inthe masterminds
fgpme, soit can probably keep you at asfe distance.
Tecan offer you soe protection fom othe cea
ture andthe police — aslongassome other power
player doesn' back dem,

Learning even the name and nature of your icy
manipulator isan epic tak. It can covertly
supply you with money, weapons and political
leverage —aslongasit decides you're valuable.
You't jst one shiny cog in a vat and probably
aacicnt machine. The powers that propel you may
be the hiker ruler of your city — fa yourseate

Tue Hich Cosy of Comment

The anger ane serve fcusrage that devesmont verges
ssadnublecged word Ther implacahle hare pubesthem,
fucked w chey ar by thet Zeal to wield increasingly feanome
owen toevergreaer height in he war aint menses. OF
acres, However, Avergescan vein Vira quickly. They
tend to echew the Vives and edges of the other creeds
dscactingcrucleafortheirpupores. Thus Avengercangin
Zeal fa snd bun out jst 28 realy, their mies aod very
hmuraty sraned beyond the laut of endurance by the
ienpenives the bunt. All tereeypes begin with a grain of
tah, and visors f witeye amesble Avenger wading
‘eorex ther prev are the ef of uta legend

‘Srenbing Gonticrion

Many Avenges seo pot in holding anything back
esalloenothing, whether they're hand to hand with a labo
cerlayings Tealonanccaping walker They tenedeorietheit
(Conviction at every available opportunity, angling for that
‘exeamungncfsucces that will yet thejobdonerighr thei
tine. Hunting monsee rarely afer second chances. When
hey st 10Conwierin, cl ver senicuscircumseances such
ss eanding tthe threshold amonsers Ii preven txt
Avengers from tating in fox anocher Vie point.


Recaminc Gonvieriox

"The wrath ind hes coramisment othe hunt svi
sated when they succesfully wreak vengeance upon ther Fey
Theybaetherfrewhentorcedtoakendon shuntorbucksboen
inthefice ofa foe. The following actions apy special
Avengenin temscgining nd iningConviction.
the Suxyeler has ira sy about how Cereb parts are
‘gine thugh chances semen Fach of thee den should
conde no more than one Conwictkn pus pe ae ier.
lec ene poet my he al rhc achieater pars by pling
fever cf thee acons ina ingle caper.

* Gain a point of Conviction when leading hunters
of other creed inthe access destruction of

* Gain a pon of Cancion # yur Avenger defeats 3
hystally apencemonter in pereceal han --harl comb

* Gain apoinof Conviction if your Aven

1 monster in a way that diectly leads to is destruction
(ericking a canny vampire int an ambxah, fo instance)
© Gaievs pon of Conviction if your Avenger with
stars ar overwhelming cack by a
unscathed ("God i with me, fr ry cause js").
© (Optional) Lose a point of C
Avenger flecs an attacking monster

* (Optional) Lose a point of Conviction if your
Avengers foe

Atcocarine Virus Poms

withstands his overwhelming attack and

Wsnosurprise that Avenger petri theirpowers i
rermsofcombac ability. Edges temmung romus of Mercy
are largely considered a wate of ime (although seene
Avengers wear by the Innocents capacity tobide tn plain
sight). Zeal salmon always the Virwe of choice, invested
Primarily in Vengeance, bt ocastcoally in adgment foe
acces 10 perceptive powen. Avenger who maniet De
fender edges ate sometimes scomed as timid souls why
don't fully trust in chee ichtng ales

‘The Prvce oF Excerrionac ¥imrue

As any humneer progress along her chosen path, the
temble san the hunt athe hea the anucd wome
lowly butaurely wear aya er skney and ty. Whae's
‘meee, when onectthe bus! aaihigh Vieueleve heal:
crvuniry dnbcata to the hurt eres er bs assy
making ber increasingly inches, enigmatic >
eodlulle epee aim ten he ce sega
All hunters develop derangements when their Virue
scores reach 7 or higher, but Avenger can start to show
Zeal levels. These "ese"
from full-fledged derangements, electing the hoenfic
streses of long, tmfying hunts. ‘Leser"
optional und may be applied as our troupe sees

ERS: REW RULES

Examples of such conditions inclu
** The Thousand-Yard Stare. By the time most
Avengers atain 5 Zeal, the horrors witnessed on count
lesshuntsleave an indeliblemarkom the psyche, expressed
in a bleak, batte-weary stare. Your characters glare
rants a +1 bons to Intimidation rolls, but asotmaposes
#1 dificalty to Social rolls involving eye contact.
*# The Aura ofa Killer. Once many Avengers attain
6 Zeal, they tur their workshops orbomes into abatois,
filled with grisly erophies
cons, andperhaps even recently ki
Jomly tobe tortured night after nig

cn victims, gruesome weap
appedioe let todie

Death becomes
constant andwelcome companion, andy cers
voice, expresion and body language bespeak barely
restrained violence. Add +1 10 Intimidation rll, but
also +1 to the difficulties ofall other Social rol

Now Dezancewenrs

Because of their mindsets and attitudes toward the
hunt, Avengers can manifest types of derangements
unique o their creed
‘Arcanncct Comic
Corain Avengen who broonesochesedwiththehunt
seu the doerucion ofthe eneany develp a ypectic wrt of
tirgherurus they mane they have avenad tothe level
ofthe Mewenggn: These srcharuslbelevetheyhave een
sganted azhoriy ower other anal and have the nah
mate cat punhment to the whem the Avene believe
fall short the Hera' dcals. What those ideas are up
you based on your characte' larity ant dels
One funerion of this complex lends the archangel
compelling pretence, ANU all Social rolls
involving other Avenger. An archangel expect deference
seduncondeceal loyalty from any andallAvergen dhithe
cbbly uses his commanding aura to
> puruing his current agen. In abl
supa hel to tet the lyaly
sr daticaron of any hunters whoen be encounter, ee
ccallyother Avengers fhe indsa subject wanting, he does
‘ot hewtate to punith oc even attempt to destroy his fellow
snbued. Your archangelcharactermightstay his hurdat the
‘experae of Willpemerpount, but the sped subject had
ee eek cfety before your hunter changes hi mind
Comrucsme-Recussirz
Hunters especially Avengers ae forced to exist in a
x eagzcringly brutal violence fron which seems
impossible to escape. Day-to-day exposure to horrific
scenes, compounded with an obsessive desire to destoy
the perpetrator, causes your character to lot his social
and moral penpective on violence. Naked aggression
becomes his primary mode of social interaction,
A compubiveagremne indoskals nue forces him to
rmativaxndansn te naccrinnnarnalaniorlent mann
Any social interaction becomes an are atti, by

bens


HURT ERBOOK:REENCER

AWecrexen Eustace


rmayneche appurentunilberseifchi spin while the power
may appear asa smoking baehall hatin the handscfanceher.

Fecomes a ile supete then. tha some hunces edges
ave never been seen before by others — even when all
Inedved take the sme appecach tothe une. Smolder is 3
common Vengeance ed: brea is wef forsaking and
Soapingtemmensten—twothurasdhewrhltendteed
‘odo. However some Avenges are confreace-onersnd
thor they Regus need the capac exceed thew re
limits These hunees coud develop a unig ede known 2s
Fuel apower thi hac't been sen by thew techn.

In other cues, cull dierence among Avengers
seem to result in various and speci powers The Mase
ct Flame edge, fr metance, wi fit developed
hunter payed for guadince before a rack of
Ashe staredatthe flamesshe noice them bow
‘awa a confessional waming of an mpend

Thetollowingnew edyesare characteristic of Aveng.
cr wrath and passion. However, they'te available
hunters of ll creeds. As "alternative" edges are more
frequently described during hunter interaction and on
hhunter-net, mind's are opened to new possiblities and
mote people tend to develop these power.
© Innser

Mont Avengers aren't icky enough to have dew
firepower at hana! when they fit face the Things
(ugh Nor Be. Because they initally attack with hand
‘weapons — pool skimmers, now shoves ber betes
they tent develop Cleave, the power to enhance melee
weapons. Clave i fr more commen than, imp.
thene Avenger who happen t have a throwing objec
thand when they're imbued can develop thi edge, read
Tinguct als occurs among Avengers who are for whatever

mkepcatadaance from asking during the imbuing
say the creatureappearica an opp subway platter jut
wen tan apperaches Orherhunten can devel this power
Invern thet "earce,"sceriy by the Hera' dere
hhlpshern survive by conducting the hunt fom a distance

ambush

The hunter imply throm whatever item x svslale
him, and a target — whether supemarural, human ot
mundane object —canbe damage severely. The tern sed

smuthe capable cfinficinc harm natal unto tel sh
asa kre or rock. Throwing a wackle-up pice of paper
‘Confers no benefis,hecaue nce inherent damagsns
Huntersand super
object ablaze your characteris fadical in is
the hunt or in his philosophies about if andthe world
in general. For most wieldets of this ge, a thrown
‘bjectsimply seems warm tothe touch, and may vibrate
with ife ofits own. Normal people see nothing unique
shout the weapon, but they do see the overt attack.

Once an object is thrown, it rypically breaks or
hocomesiretrievably lodged | st cannot be
gatheredand thrown again cr ase er any ther purpene

(CHAPTERS: NEW RULES

Avenges have aperinerid with this capobliy on fre
snnstonoaikiconal ec: However ne crtwo wnahl chi
tha thee nee at agg wth thewarg amc al
‘System: Your character empowers thrown weapon
1 item to become considerably more dangerous. The
tem must have a damage rating of Strength +1 oF
higher unto itself for this power to have effect. See the
rulebook's Melee Weapons Chart, p. 198, for approxi
tmations of weapons' damage ratings. (This power has
fo effect on bullets, arows and crossbows. Nor are
such as grenades modified: only thrown
mage through impact are improved)

"The throwing rls (Hunter, p. 185) indicate how fr
ancbjectcanbe propelled Roll Dexterity + Athletics whit
a cage. Ad any infliced, ara teat all
damage as lethal, no mutter whats normally appropriate for
the tem used. Impactartackscanhann nunateralbeingsce
‘normal people and objeers. When Canviction is risked

ct. the extra dice are added to single wack ice pool
any subsequent aces ate addedto the damage dice pool
© © Muscor Fume

Trailing specific monster isall very well and good,
bur sometimes is weful tok

Flame can provide an ealy warning of
and can be use to track them,
2s wel. Armando Dias, a profesor of English living in
Madrid, was the first known hunter ro develop this
power, and he coined is rather literary name
The biggest drawback to Muse of Flame is that ts
ser must look at an open flame, Anything fom a match
1 campfire w a buming house will do. When the
hunter looks at the fire and "invokes the ruse," the
ames bend to point in the direction of the nearest
superatural creature. Ir may not he the moxt powerful ot
ve mont dangerous, jus the most physically pronimate
Occaainully Mise fame hashecn known toactvate
roel Da fit expenence with thispower warned hum
ambush n'a church. Ache describes t,he was spy "open
che spirit" andi spoke to him through the lames — not
with words, bur with ante of unnatural danger

aunter is close to ire, the flames may sponta:
neously act a a pointer, without the imbued's intent
More than one Avenger has eluded ambush when she
noticed het lighter flame bending into the wind.
System: Ithchunterconcily uses Muse ofPameannd
a fir for sgn cf the enenny roll Perception + Zeal
diiculry Schell acceeds, dhe ane perepeily bends
the diction of the coset prey If che power activates
_qoneanccudy, the dafiuly of understanding thei'smes
nay opt trol fra player in citer
resasto the validity oa perceived
creatge, fanyatall A fre continues topeint inthe die
4 the nearest sapemaal create fo 10 minutes for

—


sxc achievedon the roll After that tie, the power fais
and cannoc be wsed again by the character in the same scene,
ff the Mewengers have made chee sateen, gunk
bow enigmatic. Ifthe Avenger enter the sub' ety
snore ditonthe powerremuns the fre acatesthe
nextcloretsubjet Ie dons not contin w pos award the
fic ewaruee ever if she stl he closest snester nearby.
a dieting fie i ever extingushed premansely, such as by
vwindorrun.ths poserirekt be acuvated gun the Sere

Goncrllpedorg hace deseo ceanaethen
al0malerabis Itatall door tacevate ponearccshnis
creature bith oneal Ofcane sega ancper are
tn ether cae. I dete ema humans who have reece
supemonial power fem monsters such a vangpe's Hod
sve. This ede does noe detect her imbued

This powers unnatural effects on fire are not per
cepuible to normal peuple, supematural creatures of £0
hhunters who do not have this power active. The user
alone, and any other huntet who also activates this
‘edge, ses flames "blow" in imposible directions. Ifthe
ter becomes Incapacitated, the effect terminates.
ooo Fut

Avengers are perhaps the most straightforward of
the creeds. Many sce no moral dilemma in their condi:
tion; they aren't confounded by ethical gray areas
There's right and wrong and litle herween.

Because of this simplicity, is eay for ome Avengers
toblurthe lines berween ‘el and"mission." A Redeemer
being a good parent and

or Judge may live a spice
provider by day and hunting monsters by night. The most

fervent of Avenger may daw no dita ewer wl
they are and what the Mewengers compel then to do
These orginal penonaliies are subwued by thei pet
ceived duties. This coune can be dangers Ie leads to
‘xtreme behavie very quickly. But such dedication can
alo be a srength a (tus persoal bela into power
reserves of wrength that an ee them through dango
fares oe that ean gue them on tinted sucess
Sytem: ce perscene youcan convert asnge rect
Wilhower ing ang pans of Coccn o vie vem
However this exchange ont be peso! cay. Yeux
uncerathei keg otun er ear dene
the converin Gar be made Ti pres ca be ove and
cdiaavachasthe prow osha ofr tence
toy uae ery auch fig dead pase even
cee newly eben ad aque) Wek ln cher wor,
plies cat we this ee chum up ts of Conscin
Celt pun ber Vitus The Sere final heron
shensipemintblewaefoel The Serer crema
toda nae duncee pont beexharyel nasene fhe
dhnger funder eapenenced gprs xe,
cninbecne flare wubalspoe swe Nomen
thre pons shed everbe conver at onc te, though

AAs no roll is made with this power, Conviction
cannot be risked in ts use. The conversion is considered
a reflexive action (see Hunter, p. 167); it does not
{intrude upon other actions performed in the tum.
° Fcwaux
"Yau reales she," Muay sxdashedawsedhonsef
wh gan "Ger rat tet me cared ac! vamp."
Truly obvervanc hunters have noticed thac certain
lonsdothuntereare aaccited with diferent clementifthe
nam word Inthecas of Avergen (und other Zeal-bused
creeds), theelementisfie.Thisedge makes thac metaphor
cal afinity concrete. Specifically, an Avenger who can,
Frewalkc takes less damage ome (lanes, noe guns) High
temperanues done harm the hunter. This doesn't mean he
could sit under a space-ahutle launch or survive being
dropped into molten sel, but anything shor of industrial
tga temperature unite to do damage
ThefewknowmAverges towielithspowerdocribeit le
soningintheqedahutiane deyonsethedngerannd
them ba hey donner el foce — anything at al
System: Spend a point of Conviction. Any
your characteris exposed to flame for the reminder of
ge suffered per tum is reduced by his
ating. Such protection doesn't usually extend
tothe hunter's clothes, posesions or any supernatural
creature he might hold while aflame
As no rolls are made with this power, Conviction
cannot herded nse cont an action to activate this
ower and wel once to flames: fie damage inflicted
‘orally i cntact made before the edge can be activated.
The power protection i kat a unter ever reduced to
Incapaciatedby any harm when sil in contact with lames

Novice Avengers have a problem with monsters
attacking them, but experienced ones have an entirely
diferent problem: Monsters often fle. Sure, Trail
food for finding them again, but i's beter to simply
Keepthem in place so they can be terminated. Extremist
Avengers remark — when they speak sensibly — that
this powers special gift from the Memengers allowing
these hunters fulfill their obsession with the hunt.
To the wer, othe imbued and syperanial creases,
Harpoce looks like abuning spe. The Avenger can hue it
sano the body ofanrearby crease, evenaghoxtoraposesing
spice Once amonstersbeenit.tssouck—theavengerfeels
an invishle bond tothe eet To ge away, the monster has
tong tel ee ofthe hunter weapon. (Apparently haces
sed noemal people, including possesion victims, ae una:
fected bythe weap tps hough them hares)
The one hunter known to pomes this edge — a td
driver in Byelorussia — drives upto his prey on the seer,
spear them, chen drives away. To normal pecple in the
‘emit, onks ike he males 9 geste at romana cn the
ret night cher thatperen homer ofhomblesee


System: To plant Harpoon, spend two Conviction
and roll Dexterity + Athletics, usually diffculy 6.
Range equals your characters Zeal in yards. Harpoon
inflicts Strength +2 lethal damage on impact, and
creates a tie between hunter and prey that persists for
Zeal in turns. The length of this bond equals the

distance between attacker and target. eget no lo

IF the prey tis w break fee, roll the competion?
Willpower in a rested acon, diy 6 lfc prey se
more axcessithecomesfe,butharns sein the proces
(Roll the creanuc's own Strength asa lethal damage pool)
you get more Willpower success, the earger is
fillctand yer Avenger wath Tek
berween hunter and peey persis breaks
fre, renders the hunter Incapactaed, the duration of

the bond expires or the monster is des
cea

Yourhuner can exalate thscontest spy
ingthehenusadas inthe cae cethe cab
shine. he steven the gas. Make roed Steagth rls (or
whatever i appropiate) to detemnine whether the har
ovo ctearue adage Han Avengercaninethapowet
toaga creature Pehl amoving vec, the Seater
Seeides bow much damage the np infices A good rl of
thimbsrwordcecfletol damage every rag yee.
"This could be alot les on ice lx mone on grave
xan: Veugny rap wc cab nha fe
tan, hesupes 20 mph. The keh dae ris fe de. es
actin, he weruoy nes fet Wiener reels
Yeuprs8 Yrs uns, 0 crater araraas tbe ag
40 mph. Eight dice are rolled for dragng damage. The
shapechange me to break fee aga and fas
Yeager ident hci doesn tae tak scar
over 40 (orcbout 70 ghin his cine). He ges mescove ag
cd docs hs eh ce of drag damage 0 be renee. The
eperze hapechange maker a romero fe
Yevgeny get por Willpower rl andthe werewef rhe
mam et Unfors forthe shapcharger, Bt as
sexi 5 Soengthis red oath daa: pool gars elf
Theweruofsredingandbaly peed he mdse
tum whe Yeogery rams tard hs wth aod Haram
All damage
by electrocution" sche moxt likely conelason
Conviction sed ina Harpoon rl ust bein the
inal stack ll wesablsh abort Any axceses achieved
afer the fin ice abe othe Hara damage pool

Dio ve Eqnrn Move For You?

‘The average hunter understands very well the phys
cal inequities that make the "mano-a-monstez" approach
counterproductive. Atleast, the average hunter who sur

n Harpoon occur as internal burn,

CHRPTERS:HEW RULES

vivesa month pas imbuing does Consequently, when an
Avengerleamsthat"Ther'sa vampire boled upinthe old
Moreland house! Gee, Pd
berter meak in under cover of darkness, wooden stake in
brand" A much more commun response is to look around
fora bomb, a bulldcer or a big damn ruck

re, the most pert
How tough is the building
he interest of keeping things simple, the mechanic
destruction is based onthe Story
ler combat system. Specifically
*# Buildings have "health levels" just as humans
represent how much tress a building can take before it
collapses. These are no scale! You can
snjure" a building only with the forces described below
big explosives, fire of repeated heavy impact
© Buildings do not souk damage. If you hit the
building, you rol, you do damage. That's it
© Some buildings have more than 10 he
whereas others have fewer
There' eck abut ll
year characters appreprate Abie, probly Delite oe
Gerweractcn (cep 65 for the later). Instead of adkng an
Arebute to create pool ak die apropos to the equp
tment sealable tyear charterer die ibe hava parc
track icf C4, rot mary alle has wa er ber flo
pein (ice conned by wreck oo ne hte iter
‘hachaerr). The dicly saul 6 your chancterhas al
day toplanthombscr potion wrecking balls Tryin to sath
abuehing under dures — while being shoe at by ablbeen
hous or SWAT team member, cr ghouked SWAT team
rmomben kena —thedafiuly resto Excheoeces
yeatrl dea level of camage to the ence

Ph level,

no init, cbviasyT

Ie may take your character mote than one tun t
knock down Castle Dracula, of course. Rather than bog
youdown with exact timing rulesfor every permutation
force, the Storyteller should use common sense to
figure out how long it takes to move your hunter's
backhoe to the other side of « house, for example

A botch can mean almost anything: Equipment i»
damaged ot destroyed, hindering or halting all further
destruction attempts: the building comes down around
Your characters ear: or his wrecking ball gets wedged
under aload-bearing wall, actually einforcingthe struc
ture forthe time being

Burnine Downrrae House

By far, the most cost-ffective home-wrecking tol

fie, Given time and dry weather, one packof matches
can reduce the grandest mansion to a hewp of ashen
rubble. OF cours, time and weather are swo (of many)
things no hunter ean count on.


HURYZRBOOK:AYENGER

This is a work of fiction in which people blow
sup only the undead enemies of humanity. I' in-
tended acan entertainment ot thowe who know the
dliference between reality and fantasy. Dono blow
‘por burn down any real buikings. Thank yu

Here ate rules for buming
"There's sally an inital are up — caus
g0es of the lowe wiring

the cigaretoe hits the pil
vieldsapoo of dice. A
setsfew, You can adda rlevane Ability (uch

The size

Demeli
caer, but
ony fyour character wary tochoosethefir's
beatin and spread arvund seme accelerants

as always. Fire doesn't

Zommon sense appli
much against un

A roll chat comes up with no successes indicates
that the fre has died. borch means the fie b
unpredictably and either threatens the arsoais

ned completely

The damage dice listed for « f
with any relevan
form the "fre pool" Once ox

game time to represent ongoing burning,
The fmmabliy cf the materalswobved andthe fr
seurewedcombne tine dificly.A materalthat hums
quickly ch stew ina ben, ower the rub.
Iowaed A wurceothighcombstiysachasanethaw
alto lowers diary. Meanufule, concrete Funker cr a book
fmuechesmkeforahigher
devkes re pou dificlies bed on the crsaratances
Remember that fire & no stark. Hing a pie of
scaked ops can double the sox of a conflagation, while
rumning ot of fel ce eayen can tek swan. Every
time yur Ion a fre-pool de, you immediely remove
soe succes he fron the curene rll and
(wed in the next ol However, for each sucess ou el afer
thefirt youadk another die tothe poolthe neat ime youroll
Excanpie: Let ay set have af po cz. You ge
foursuceses,adsordive s.1
ony fom dhs ele oe ssf. Those a dc
‘noma rena fm Benet ren yume, Yue
tun suc. The extra ces fer te ot
rel yu make, fi ls fone dem re sepa
leone yu wth seven. The Seyler expla thar th pred
randy cncre sate dangers wu oe smear
Other development can rete yourfire pool. a5
ach fie truck that shows up reduces t by two every 15,
‘minutes. and any fieighterspeevent
(cuccenes achieved in one toll are not applied © Your

Structure
Shack. outhouse, garden shed
Wrought ison fence, greenhouse
Small cabsn

Split-evel ranch

‘Lange, wood:-rame house
Brick or stone house
‘Solidly built mansion
‘Cocrete baker, bomb shelter
‘Skyscraper

Nas
1530
10-15 per floor

subscqucnt rll). Ifa bulking haa good sprinkler syste
led your characters arson on ariny dy),

your dice pool stars cut twodie stale automatically.

banding wath arelly ad

rece your fief

Banc For ric Buck

ncedfite prevention system can
three orfour dice right of the top.

gscnt But mary hunter prefer
nt gratication of aamethang that goes "boos
explosives rules are pretty simple. The sie of
struction, if you have
1 they apply Ifyou have time wo take wthought
around and plant yout pipe bomb, the difficulty
roll 6. Ifyou'e planting a bom while pinned

dificuley is 8 If you're
drive by, the difficulty
ral dama

ile gunfire

down by H

Flame Source
‘Gleve, book of matches
en upboleey, Molowy cocktail
Bare! of gxoine
Hamethrower
Napoli bomb
[Napalm ar tke
Tanke tuck il of
Rarmable chess
*Thex alo do explosive damage tothe srcute
(sce Bang forthe Buck, below), Damage dice from
these sources do ot go into thei pool, you want
sobehaey. Oryoucan jut more thet" damage.
‘Panu. you deve te ack ino the house


A roll with no successes
tome other failure to

the your character miscalculated and dropped a large
chunk of masonty on hime

Dewotrrion Max

(Of cane, many ting colle wih rove to dk

boxse —and net even daw a glance fom the ATF oe FB

Demolishingasracture works 3
Start with a dice pool hased on the wrecking geat used
add either Dez
struction, whichever s appropiate. If yo

worksataleiurely pace the dificuly is6-I/wo
tying to cat hee head a the same tine, t's 8

cwually petty reliable

Wrecking equipme
nin, there's nothing really "usual" abot trying

dbringafirfight. A ale
has salle ou

Infodce yout heet hasbeen hit by berown wreckangball

Tenniece Swity Sword

The Avengers

ndcrrethae was equpenent

you beech, the tractor-eiler has jack

rete scaly weap from

nearly any available abject i the cred' hallmark ani
perhaps ts moxt ecient and lethal edge. Cleave as

Sownde, though

mately consume the objet,

hunter eoncentracion fk. hunter in Pennuytvania who
wea aiteeloeker here took a
he weapons he ued. Aft
ation, he dacovered a metho to
cteate arms that could autain Cleave enenpes indefinitely
At present, only a handful Avengen know how
make these weapons.
Avengers in particular
tng these weapons spread. The Inemmee isan ingore
means of spreading word ofthese innovations, but ult
rately fal toallow people to create tools persis
Cleave; the process must bet
fully passed diretly

rwever, as mace hunters — snd

CHAPTERS: REW RULES

sgl creator denigns Although mbuedof other creeds

may pomess Cleave, whether they can handcraft weapons
ge is unknown. (i

her exceds to accomplish this fea of

cv toreac that hs tools hat be worthy of
ssne besing. Heatkening tothe days when his rand
lonshars wath hammer ad
he sechwcekt believed th

tmerster dominated weld were inhere
sea created wth the sen

‘Whathllowed
hunter selec

thofa Gaxearing man,
aborics processfcrafomanship
the finest grade raw ore he
asking fer guidance a8 he beat cut impurities
harcoal to dhe fre to make atelent carbon,
tomoeths ashe labored metculasly
oa lade, shaping it with cae und devorion. The wean
seagped twice inthe final sages, weakened by ngetcep
tle imgurten The Avenger sep bean agai

steel. Weeks

After neat x menehs of for, he was successful The
sbert hea bade nevernted. never dled and never ke
ster filled i with bit
ations, though, Despite
was never abl tomake ech
aweapen ox ancther imbuct Hanxather waence meer
have sucha weap cscemad that he ato craft hire
had tobe caren, nt bought ce receive
Lxalwrachfulleamedoftheit comeade'scteation and
traveled to his home to lea his techniquet. The know
ceige has spread by word of mouth since, ven aftr the
steclworker's death months ago, leaving a legacy to help
can the fight forward. No.one knows how any of thes
‘weapons exit, but the number is certainly very small

‘Damage Dice
3
Fe
3.6
+
410
615
*Ramming this vehicle into a building a top speed
squeezes cut an addtional ewo to thrce dice — but the
vehicle, noe to mention your character, is wrecked.



Naturally the creation proces is lengthy. The Con:
viction required is set aside 28 2 pool, recorded in the
margin of your character' sheet oe by the Storyteller.
Simply decide when you intend to divert some of your
characters Conviction to his project, and remove the
designated numberof points rom your character's current
Conviction core. These allocate poinssare now unavail:
able to you In the game word, they represent time sent
inseatchof the deal material requited fr your Avengsr*
cteation, time spent searching fr and leamung from an
Instructor, or time spent achieving the Crafts rat
aquired,

f Conviction is set aside @ point at atime, your
huracter invests minutes ofa few hours at a
search INhigh amber of pent ae ade, your churater
spends many hour or days in search of rseuction, compo
ents and tls. You decade how severely your character
depletshis Conviction score at any ven time. Dedicating
several pointe to a project at ane time could lave hien
vulnerable to wpematueal sack. Altemaevely, alkxating
afewpounsatatimednom cut the creatasn pees. The fit
course could be sefdesmaxtve, the second ineffecnanl
‘Your characters coure i determined by his neds

‘Once the required number of Conviction point
accumulated and the requred Crafts score achieved, the
actual eration proces begins. Make a se Percept +
Crafs roll, difcuky 8 Each success ads a dhe to your
character's Serength upto the maximumlstedn
to determine the weapon's permanent damage pool. Foe
example, if your character forges a sword and ee one
succen hissword has adamage poolot Strength 1 Rolling
Perception + Craft and eting three success makes ea
Strengths 3 damage pow. This rating does nt ake ines
account the normal +2 damage bonus gained by using
Cleave (note that wth an exceptional ols px 0
roduc a high-quality weapon this exceeds weapon's
emul anus capable. sliced the Hunterslcead)

‘Completing the hands-on stage of the poject takes at
leatone month for cach sucest achieved on your Percy:
tion + Crafs rll longe if the Storyteller decides the

project is particularly lange oe complex. Your characters
CConwiction ponte are invested at thi tage epresenting
hisperonal sprtval and emouonal investment Becaise

RS: REW RULES

thisprocessissodemanding.nounter can ever create and
posses more than one enhanced weapen a time.

your Percepeon + Crfsolfais, the weapon develops
an imperfection during creation, your characte sarrention 8
dacracencr the proces gos sighely any Roll Pereepaon +
(Chl agi and ad one month wo che creation time in
atedby the second oll. reation rllscontine tofaleach
asks one month tthe duration ofthe creation pce: The
Seorytllr may decade tha your Averge'sfie fl tery
f thee conserve fuze re red

Ifyou botch a Crafts roll, he weapon breaks com
pletely during construction, The cteative process must
begin all over again. Half oft
aside forthe project arc lst and must be replac

1¢ Conviction points set
before
your character may ty again.
‘You cannot elect tore-roll Perception + Crafts ifthe
revul n't as high as desired. The result is what your
‘characteris capable of, and he lacks the will and inspira
jon to try again. Nor an you spend apoint of Willpower
to pain an automatic acces in your rll; Willpower has
fo impact on Conviction-tased phenomena. Finally
cera Conviction points from your character's current
poolcannot be risked in your Perception + Crafts rolls
i making an invested edge rll
‘Weapons crated wath ti process dont beak when
twed with Cleave. In addition metal weapons etain thett
‘furpoess and are immune wo rast and cores. Wooden
weapons are exceptionally durable, simular to fire-har
cad material. These weapons are not invulnerable t0
damage, though. A Hlade can sil be warped of meted by
fextreme heat, of any sem can be snapped by a ereatre
with remarkable strength. The Storyteller decrees when
such a tragedy occu
‘Weapons crafted for penonal use do no retain the
sesstance to Cleave when wielded by other hunter. Sure
accher penn can pick up your club and srt sang
sthcucteeakongit Yet. dancthetbunte, whether Avenger
or net, activates Cleave with tha tok the object breaks
fermanently in anumber ftumsequal ois damage horus
(Ghee tums fora Strength +3 sword, for example), accord:
ing to the Cleave rules for normal weapons. Even if the
created weapon ict ne before sharten, st permanenely
lenes coe of ts damage modiiers for each tur thar i's
‘wielded in the wrong han If the
item's real damage meie 1
duced to zero (a Strength +2 dager
is swung by the wrong Avenger fr
two marr), the weapen i stl rs
ined NoeeveriaZealrllon the part
cf the wicker can avert this ru
Note: There is currently no
equivalent creation process for
weapons sed with the Impactesge



Conv ainninds DOPLE YYPIFY THE. Avenccr PERSONALITY
AND IDEHY ITY: STRAIGHT FORWARD, DEY ERMIRED, OBSESSIYE
AND RASH. T HE FOLLOWING CHARACTERS EMBODY THOSE
QUALITIES. THEY RE INTENDED AS ROLE MODELS FOR YOUR
OWN CHARACTER CREAT 10H, OR YOU CAN ADD COLOR AND

DEV AIL 10 THEIR PROFILES AND MAKE THEM YOUR OWN.


HUNT ERBOOK:REENGER

Prelude: You'dalwaysheard rumors about
the PiDeleas. They were the kind of guys who
gave fraternities abad name. You knew they
hazed, they paddled, and you knew some girls
wouldn't go to theie parties — ever — bu
some of them scemed okay and you let your
self hope that the rumors were exagge
You kept your nove out of i and
good example.
That wasn't hard. After all, your
frat — Kappa Gamma Tas —
wasn't that way. Sure, yousnd the
‘guys drank a Toc and you gave the
pledges some shit, ut nothing
brutal. Everyone' came wil:
ingly.KappaGanumahad good
des, a good record of pub
Te service and girls weren't
alaid to come to your par
ties. Not lke the Pi Des
Expeciallyafter Wendy died
There was a bad rumor
about Wendy Stephen
that she was strangled
with her own panties by
the Pi Delts at a nixe
coroner ruled tan accident andthe police
didn't do anything. You figuted it was
Then shecameback. You were athe
snqal Kappa Gamaia/Pi Delea Tog-O-
War and Wendy Stephenson stumbled
up the rood and made a beeline for Gle
Cole, Pi Delta pledge master. That's
when you heard a voice: "THE DEAD
MUST NOT RISE.

People panickedall around you, and you knew
scenchow that she wouldn't stop with Cole. Only
you, one of the Pi Deltas and a gitl from the
Sidelines — who wasn'reven 3 sorority sister —did
anything. The three of you couldn't save Glen, but
you managed to stop Wendy.
As with her "first" death, events got swept
ur brothers wanted
wand pretend ic never
you faced thet,
ple admitted that they'd heard
a voice," £00. They just didn't do
anythie
You've started hearing more
otis about your eampus
1s about cigs being "eon
venient forgorten." Now you
want to find out the truth
with your brothers or without
Concept: You didn't joi
ty. You believe
nocd, mutual loyalty and assistance
mean womething. You want ro make a
i that you

Be confident

caring, but macho. You honestly
beliewe that you can fx all thiserap. In
cother words, you're naive, you're in
over yout head and you have no idea of
the scope of the problem you now face.

Equipment: Red Trans Am with
vanity plates, blue jeans, sweatshirt and
baseball cap


DS WURYrk-800K oa =z ows

Nawe Naruse: Director Prawasy VRTUE: Zeal

Pus Devenor Sablant Crap: Vengeance

Crrowwae: Concer: Bis Man on CARPSS —SraemGCONVCTION: 4

eee ee ee, ARUS
Prrvsica, Soox Maeva

Strength Caine see) @@8@O Charisma 90000 Perception 20000

Dexterity_____@@800 Manipulation, (0000 Intelligence ©8000
Stamina Gaya) @@BBO Appearance 0000 Wiss @0000

oe ek ee ADS ee ee ee
TaueNss. Seus KNowuDoes:
Alertness. @0000 Animal Ken____00000 Academics. 00000
Athletics__ 98800 —00000 Bureaucracy 00000
Awareness_ 00000 nm 00000 Computer. 28000
Brow! 20000 e000 Finance___ e000
Dodge Exiquette_@8000 _ Investigation 00000
Empathy Firearms Law__ (00000
Expression Melee Linguistics Span) e000
Jnvimidation Performance Medicine 00000
Intuition Security Occult__ 00000
Leadership Steal Polis (28000
Sureetwite 00000 Survival Research_00000
Subeerfuge —o0000 Technology 00000 Scienc —00000

en ek ee, ADVANI Ser oe ee

Bacccrounos Eooas Varus
Newz = Cm kvm Troe = Mercy Vision. Zeal

Bystanders _ @ 0988 Cleave vengeance 0000 _ 1
Ailes __@@@00 aza_Deteaee ___ @0000. 5
Reeources @@@00 _____00000 x

5

00000 00000__
00000 — 00000.

00000 (00000. 7

=e eas 8 ‘
9 9

= Aho 0p
ED cage ES aero
memes DEUNGEVENTS em memes CONVICTION cemenee HEATH

@eeeee0000 Bruised

Hurt
es Wao ued

@ee8e80000 Wounded
ooooooooco00 Mauled
—~— Boma ——— Crippled

—00000 00000.


Baunyy-Hunerr

Prelude: You've known about monst
lie. Your father made sure ofthat

He wav small~ime hustler aad car
hutthe whikkyhecrukdbea
seubdinyeurrom ard lstened othe shows tothe hein,
be gwe ourmecher Youswore thar when you ewan you'd
never let anyone getaway wth that kind cf thing

AAs con as you reached 18, you applied to the poi
academy. You graduated with honor. Full offire and bold
eal, you hi the sree Ina few short years, you learned
unt how lle power bade relly cared Sue, you
could catch crooks, but they would
«aught. They'd make bil and skip town, gee
fon a techniclity or simply walk fr the»
slightest frsrating reason. It made you sick
Finally one might ata lca
rman you'd arrested that moran for beating his
wife and child. He was drunk and you were of
duty, soe tried to pcka fight. He went tothe
hospital with is hand so Badly broken that
they would never work right agasn. You were
lsmused fron the fore. It wat probably
the bes thing that have happen

Desperate toe money. rutin
next bes line ot week: investigation and
bounty hunting. Les rues, no peob-
lems with jurisdiction, and ifthe
scumbogs rested, that was their
problem. Sometimes you had
killhe rally bu ones — mand

ep and rapists wore dange
people, afer all, and you had
defend yourself. The look fear
‘puns faceswhen theyknesw
their ck had run out made
al worthwhile

Then came the night in
that tniler park ouside
Tuscalou, Alabama.

You'd been chasing
the guy for a lng time
Hed been arrested in
Geonmaferaseutinga woman,
athemade hailandskipped
Aer four weeks, you
tracked him to eller

ack where he'd shacked up with ome waite. Ju afer

tradihe, you pulled cn yur loves, raed your gun ard

inch Magite and hoped the beard would pu up a
fee

began to shake, The lights went out inside. All the old

Blood was everywhere. The glow from the Maglite

edu glistening eed throughout the ruined interior

the light revealed a muscular, gay-ured body

against the trailers lw ceiling. Ie turned is yellow eyes

- ni your head:"TT PREYS UPON

. THE HELPLESS." You remem:

Pa D tered allchove nights of yelling and

metal hone

ee

"The monsters weren't going to get
away with i anymore
Concept
you anit you witha burng deste
sake the criminal ofthe weed pay foe theit
sina That cbscason at le to lonely, angry life;
every criminal ou track dwn (we CE
Pop up. Bur now you know abou dhe rea
rmonscer, and yee cn a mision fram God 09
make them pay.' what you've been waiting
for your whole life
Roleplaying Hints: You're parent and
iy mplacable when you woek cas
sand you sometimes go for days without
rest while planning monster's
‘takedown. Usually a quiet broodin
individual, your anger boils to the
sueface when you'te face to face
wth your prey, reulting in a
flury of bral violence.
Equipment: Colt 45
semizomaticpstashot-
fn, black coat, beat up
old Range Rover


HUY FR-B90K

DEvEaNor: Rogue Ceep:vengeance
Crronar: (Concepr:prustrated DoGooder StaxmncCONVITON:4

eee ee we, ARGUS
Proce, Soaa, Mena,

Strength, ©0000 Charisma 00000 Perception e000

Dexterity 2m) @8000 Manipulation (00000 Intelligence (@0000

em es es AD |S ee ee ee
TaueNts, Seus Kyownaes,
lermes__¢ Animal Ken____00000 Academics___00000
Athletics (00000 Craft (00000 Bureaucracy ‘00000
Awareness 00000 Demolitions_ 00000 Computer, —00000
Brawl e000 Drive 190000 Finance. (00000
Dodge___@e@o00 Etiquette. -00000 Investigation, _.@@000
Enputhy {90000 Firearms 90000 Law ‘#0000
Expression 00000 Melee_ 00000 _Lingulsis — 00000
Iorndat €0000 100000 Medicine (00000
Inqution__— 00000 20000 Occul_—00000
Leadership. 00000 Stea @@000 —Politics___ 00000,
Surcetwise Survival {00000 Research (€0000
Subterfuge Technology 00000 Science 00000

Mercy Vision

o=
o—
°.

00000.
(00000.
00000 00000
00000 00000.
(00000 (00000,

@eeeee0000

oe WaPo
@eeeee0000 Wounded

oooooo00000 Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated


HUNT ERBOOK:AYERGER

(anrscree

Prelude: Younever could undentand why pecpiehad The next think you knew, you were croming the
to make thei lives 20 complicated. To you, things were street, shirtless with a baschall bat in your hands

simple and straightforward. Aman was bor, got an ea Not knowing what else to do, you went up and
ton, goca god job, found awile and hadafamily be could knocked. Decent people didn't creep through the bushes

row okdwith Some people were good. oehersevl Fx
good people to lve chit lives, evl had to be
beaten whenever i reared i uly head And
that washow youlived your if. Notas ashy
ashes, maybe, but go the job done. You
worked wich yout hands and bul homes fe
living, ane made honest money inthe bangin

All chat changed with a news teporton 3
rainy summer night

‘You heard it is the radio in your ex.
Tee kids from yout very own neighbor
hood were missing. kidnapped during a

fuse downsairs. No one could
ow tcouldhappeninaach
acuie, decent parrot town,
There were police car
everywhere as You

together in groups talking fear
fully. Even the hoses in thei ithe
aquarter-acre lots seemed to huddle

ina one another in the darkness

oticed the new couple whoa

mowed in lant week eandng on thet porch
AAs you pase, they waved hewtanty. Sod
deny, the voice on the rao said very cleat,
"THEY SERVE THE UNLIVING
you badly you nearly ran ove the Anders

Later, you couldn't sleep. You dreamed of
the children, runing through darkened halls
Laying to getaway from something with pale
«old, corpse-ike hans

You woke at 3 AM in a cold sweat. Out
side, one police car lingered, but the officer
inside slept. The reporters had packed i in
altogether. But there were lights on
behind the curtains in the house
across the street. The newcomers
were sell awake. For some reason,
therealizition made your blood run cold

and peep in neighbors' windows

No one answered, but you heard a muffled cry. I

sounded like child. You smashed the door's narrow
‘window and let yourself in

The doe to the cellar was wide open. You met the

rman ofthe howe ashe came up the stain Hishands

anlface were ereakedwich blood Youd'

saya word. Whar was thereto sy? The

‘atcaughthun nthechinandsent

ir rumbling back down.
‘Thecreaureinthe cel:
lar put up a fight, but the

lle you
with... noteage, butacold
etermination. The wooden
tut hised and crackled as i
seruck the thing, and you real:
then thar you had received a
message. Evil wa loose in the world
and it had to be destroyed.
What che was goodman todo?
Concept: You are a simple
sxrightfrwardpenion asand-p uy
im other crcumeeances, would
Ihave lived a boring, predctive, but
‘happy Ife. You understand the message as
a jb that's been given to you for no other
ean than youar a bascally good pero,
and good pecple must ight evil
Roleplaying Hints: You are friendly
sasgone and peneres andbelieveinclew
ceurdstinctcns
nace destroyed Is assimple and obvics
asthesunsngandsecting Youdon'think
tuo mach about che message and what it
means What thepointitwouldn'tchange

Equipmer
4c boots; flannel shirt: huge, dirty
pickup truck


HUNT EK-B00K &

Nature: architect Prawazy VRE: Zend
Daveaor Architect: Case: Vengeance
Crowar (Concer: Good man ‘StagnsConvicnon: 4

oem et ee, ATREUS
Prrscat Soon. Mena
Strength__@8800 Charisma e000 Perception__¢@800
Dexterity (@0000 Manipulation (@0000 Intelligence (08000
Stamina 209000 Appearance (00000 Wits 8000

ene es ASS a
Tawa Saus Koma
Alertness 08000 Animal Ken 00000 Academic 00000
Athletics__ 000g «Construction __@@®@0 Bureaucracy. 90000
Awareness 90000 Demolitions e000 Computer. (00000
Beawl__ @0000 Drive. 90000 Finance (00000
Dodge. @0000 Exiquete {00000 _Investigation_00000
Empathy (00000 Firearms 0000 Law —e0000
Eegreaon, (00000 Melee ©0000 _Linguitic (00000
tncimidation 0000 Performa 00000 Medicine (@0000
Intuition 00000 Security. 00000 Occult (00000
Leadership. @0000 Stealth {00000 Politics {00000
Streetwise (00000 Survival 00000 Research (00000
Subterfuge 00000 Technology_____@0000 (@8000

ee ed we, AVN Qe ee ee Se

BackcRounos Boos Vorrues
Nee Ca lym Troan) Mey Vision «Zeal

(00000 cisave vengeence _@0000 OT ex
00000 Discers Tudgnect —@0000. 3
e000 0000. 3

90000 (00000.

‘00000 00000,
00000 00000.
00000 00000.

o-
100

ee oD ET a SE pe oe es
came DERANGEMENTS em meme CONVICTION em nee HEATH em

1 0'8'0 0 8'0:16'00:0 Bauied
Injured

@eeeeee000 Wounded

ooo0o0o000000 Mauled

es: Bom —<—— rippled


Prelude: Fine came school, where you were a good
kid —oe a good student, ut you did as you were told
‘Your father said the army was the only way a poor boy
from the provinces could get ahead, son you went. The
army had guns, which you liked, and they liked you
because you followed orders. You obeyed every com
mand with unthinking loyalty, which was yout 0
ining with another "depart
Your job was simple. Your commander gave you &
name, aphoto,asurvellance dower — and yeu made that
‘enon die, Sometimes, you'd do it*cowboy"
Frac, and youd wing a few other people in the house (ce
restaurant or church), just to sed amessage, Other tines
you do italy — making took ikea robbery gone bad,
car wreck or u drug overdose
It boehered you
you had to keep reminding
yourself ch

these baseards

nous subversives who would kill you and everyone you
loved, then wipe ofthe blood on your flag
Aftera while, tstopped bothering you Iedida'teven
bother you when you relied that "everyone you loved"
dadn'thave any meaning anymore. You were a machi,
znd you just continued on doing what you were told
Then one day, you and several ocher operatives were
ang ou an enrenched nes of subvensve
(chat what you weee toll they wee anyway
ithe door and were gettang ready to ay douse sup
sive fie when you heard this voice in yout head"YOU ARE
‘THE AGENT OF OPPRESSION," i said. Suen, you

theywere pat aga boncsand dripping lord. anlthey were
doling while they shoe up the "muggle" — and the
sealer were ondary folks, pst hice you
‘So youmowes don your companions anstorched the
whole place. You went hack to your secticn chief well him,
all abou — then you aw that he was cre wo. He was a
thing Many ofthe high bas in your organiation were, and
they been using you teary oatsome murder
cas poten agust ordinay people
ove sed quiet They dn spect ye
rough their operation, methodically elim
nating the figuees at the top
"They don't suspect you. Asfar as they're concemed,
you'te controllable, docile, stupid
They deere you take cmd fee ahsher peer
Concept: You always followed onders, aad of what
happen dyoshad tomake your own deesons Now
ice has heen to back a new com
The Voice — agnnet the old. You'te cautiously
‘when cbeying orders and uninventive when i
the unexpected, You've only recently realzedthe

conten Your i ave for you, and you

nhune a growing hatred in respon
Roleplaying Hint: Blood, ts and violence don't
bother you ab. Looking foolish or unprepared does,
sory tobe ready for anything. Youte methodical
relentles personal about your
Equipment: Desert Eagle 50
submachine


Prawasy VIRTUE: naa
Cee: vengeance
‘Stagmuc CoNvicnon: 4

one ae eee AUS
Parvsca, Soaa. Mea,

Strength. 90000 Charisma 0000 Perception.

Dexterity S99) @€880 Manipulation 0000 Intelligence

Stamina 8800 Appearance 20000 Wie.

ee es AS ee ee ee
Tapas Sus Keommos,
Alertness fe0000 Animal Ken_____00000 Academics 00000
Athletics @e000  Crafts__ 00000 Bureaucracy @0000
Awareness 00000 Demolition 00000 Computer. @0000
Brawl 08000 Drive (90000 Finance (00000
Dodge 0000 Etiquette 00000 Investigation (@0000
Empathy 00000 Firearms eee Law 0000
Expresion, {00000 Melee 0000 Linguistics, {00000
Intimidation (00000 Performance {00000 Medicine. (00000
Anculion. 00000 Security @@@00 Occult {00000
Leadership (00000 Stealth, 90000 Politics (@0000
Streetwise (00000 Survival 00000 Research (00000

Subterfuge 00000 Technology 00000 Science. —00000

ee et ee, ADVANTACS Qeer ee ee oe
BACKGROUNDS Boas Vers
Nee >) Cam Lv Troon = Merey Vision

Arsenal __@@000 impact. Vengeance @0000_
Contacts @@000 frail_vengeance —@@000.
Exposure (98000 _ (00000
Patron _____@@000 ______ 00000,
Resources __@@@00 00000.
00000 00000 __
—00000

ee: CONVICTION

@eee000000

es WaPo

@e0e0000000

ooooooo000 Mauled
Bee ——— Crippled

= Incapacitated


HUNT ERBOOK:REENGER

Prelude: You were raised follow in

cof your father and uncles asa soldier in the Family.

Je foorsteps

Your boss and his associates were old-school mab

sters made in the same mold as Capone and Got
ing battle against the new g

triads. The old days of

and fighting

most of the action. ¥ i

anybody. IfThorm wanted tomuscle i
he'dhest be willing to bleed todo it. Of
course, that was the way things were
done, Your boss was willing to work
out an alliance of tore, but no-one
went tothe table on the fis offer
HesatbockandwaitedforThom's
u were there the night it

inevitable coun

Something made youhang
kitchen ofthe old hows, tak-
ing with a few other soldiers
about how things might go once
Thorn had arranged a deal withthe boss.
You tememer laughing a a joke some
body made, then reaching for your ©
‘When you brought it to your lips, the
drink asced hot and coppery. Youlooked
down. [twas brimming with blood. Be
fore you could throw ie away, you heard

fjendasked

2 guestion.
iserl'm

2 voice, almont inside your head: "HAVE NO BROOK

WITH DARKNESS,
door exploded and

"Thom had sent only one man. One sole,
moved like a bloody wind, tearing the
pieces. The boss himself died pleading,

vampite looked

and laughed.
Ie wasn't laughing @ minute
later, with achairlegsticking out of
If it's war the monsters want,
Concept: You were groomed
tobe a witeguy in the old sense
mindful of your personal honot
jing to ice somebody in x
i. When the monsters

and w
the Family, there was no other
course than to declare wat on
them. Allof them. Nobody ever
aceused you of doing anything
halfway

Roleplaying Hints: You are

gotatloud m

per, but loyalty means everything
you, and your word s your bond

weadebe, you would goto

Hell and back to repay it
Equipment: 9mm semiautomatic pis


Sa es ed
HUNT EK-B00K

Nave:
Pus
Crow:

one et ee, AUS

Prrrsca Soa Mara,
Strength. 90000 Charisma @0000 Perception. 40000
Dexterity satis @€0€0 Manipulation @8000 Intelligence (#8000
Stamina (0000 Appearance eee00 Wits #0000

ee es ADS ee ee ee
Tams Sus Kyowunees
Alereness___ 200) Animal Ken 00000 Academics____ 00000,
Athletics 90000 Crit. 00000. Bureaveracy (00000
‘Awareness (00000 Demolition: ©0000 Computer ‘00000
Brow! Drive @0000 Finance (00000
Dodge Eniguece ©0000 _ Investigation ‘#0000
Empathy Firearms 99000 (@0000
Fast Draw Melee 98000 (00000
Intimidation Performance 00000 (@0000
Intuiion__ Security. {#0000 00000
Leadership Stealth @0000 Politics (@0000
Sereetwise Survival 00000 Research, (00000
Subceruge (00000 Technology (00000 Science__ (00000

oem ek ee, ADVANTAGES Ser te ee Se

BackarouNos Boas Venues
Noe Ga Lyme = Mercy Vision Zeal

00000 clan vengeance €0000. On 1 Ome ft
ste @@000 foresee visionary @0000___ } 8— 9
‘e000 (00000. a
'@0000 00000.

2
3

4

=

00000 00000___ Ooms
7

8

00000 00000,
(00000,

sme: CONVICTION em

@eee000000 Bruised

Hore
a+ WiPOWR Injured

@0@0@0000000 Wounded
Ooooo0o00000 Mauled

a BORNE ——— Crippled

ae ==", Incapacitated


Prommnenr Avencces

The ollowingpeople are famous einfamous Aven
ers at Teast in hunters' small circles. Series of chear
expoitsare spread by wordof mouth anon:
Sowhether they're genuine or inflated by the rumoe ml
is uncertain. These people tend to be vaunted by fellow
Avengersasexemplarsofthe creed. andare typically held
at am' length by metaber of other creeds. However,
some of these people's actions an stories are tov extreme
even fo other wrthful tw condone or stomach. Meeting
‘one ofthese hunter inthe lsh s simaleancously isp
rational and intimidating

Proce Conrez

Corter is nt eet, but he became known
there from the postings of his ally and colleague Trav
clet72. Now, he's well known among hunters across the
United States — where he, like Traveler,
‘up to aid fellow hunters in times of need
Peak a migrant laborer
follows the harvest acrow the nation, working by day ane
Ihunting by night. Imbued he's helped describe hi 2
fearless, alent suc, ace of peta (pbb 0
pematial) physical prowes an! uncomgremsane Fes
Although dir poe he fies wo accep chart fom anyone,

Internet

ten shows

he owns. ickery van and

even is ellow mibued Ce: would rather see his cikire
ohana than be beholden. He wr to senda mesaye
alitheror nvichlesand ficken cut there. He wansthem
[now thea dapsare numbered andhsbravadoexpresesislf
stheugh disor, physcal comtrontanin,

Huner-net wually greets descriptions of his valor
swith incredulity. le that he has' bees
Kalled yet. Even more miraculous, his family has not
(et) suffered reprisals from the enemy

His efforts may even be working. Some hunters
have noticed that their cites' beast seem to lay low
during harvest e200

wv much, but what he has ill his

smnyone, and he prides himself
thar no one can call him debeoe. He i a deeply proud
rman, refusing to.acknowledge anyone —av anything — a6
hisbetter, Ouhers may have more wealth otknowledge ot
property — but he ithe master of his own fate, und he
fnowers only to himiel,

Ataributes: Strength (Pounding People) 5, Desteriy 3,
Scamina (Work All De) 4, Charm 3, Manipulate 2
Appearance 2, Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 1, Animal Ken 1, Athletics 2,
Awarerew 1, Beawl 3, Crafts 1, Doxge 3, Drive 1, Fie

Melee 3, Might 3, Stretwise 2
Iles 2, Contacts 2, Resources
ages: (Vengeance) Cleave, Trail, Fuel; (Maryr
oma) Demand, Witness
Zeal 6, Mercy: 3, Conviction: 8, Willpower: 8

Wovoett Detsurron, ana Crusader?

fs known on hunter net as hammer:
head, adichard, a remorseless, relentless killer who lets
nothing get in his way — not bloodsucke
shinchangen noteven common sense. loner, he
books upith other hunters. When he does, however, he
insits ce doing things his way. In this case, "his way

means pending weeks or even months setting upaxingle
brs of violence that reaches sureal levels. What he
lacks in bravado, he more than makes up for in scope and

‘dose of them a once,
chat in Houston,

srequcnecy. He often stalks up
tightly cheduling each demise. I's
he destroyed three rots in 24

The few hunters he's w

curs — working wo
eed with chink he'seither
the greates among them — or something even sicker
and more depeaved than their enemy
Delburton's posts make his evangelical Christian
nthete'sonly Good and Evil
crafted by
to confuse those who would insist on
following "merely human" ethics.

igvousisanilus


and prestige
ked the talk, but even

andZhao,FuChen

Somesay Demon

toclinie workers. But
Evenifitistrve

Zeal: 9, Conviction: 5, Willpower:


HURYERBOOKAYENGER

Jimny is back from the grave, looking for love — and
revenge. Some say Fu Chen hs become mapped berwe=n,
therwowumngtmads one uingherasapawn and the other
scalure. Some sry she'theone dang the manspulsting and
that hao and Yang are only the mos perfil eve of
same that sretches hack thousnd of years, scr cons
fentsand.even into the realmsofthe demon dead. Mossy
she's jut looking out fr hersel, the way she als has

Conazon Marton

‘Corazon isthe matriarch ofan extensive fecund and
-dcckdly shady family of Bazan farmers The Marrons
may not be rch or well educared, bur there's a damn loc
‘of them and they e nocorious for three inflexible things
‘One, no Marton backs down from aight. Two, although
thers plenty ofbickering among the cousins, the family
tandstogetherifan "outsider" makes trouble for one ofits
‘own. Three atleast haf the family income derives from
rowing marijuana. Anyone who discus the chid usu
ally runs smack dab into the frst ewo,

‘The Marrons claitn thet family was at the forefront
‘of « Caribbean slave revolution that ousted the white
masters, and that they themclves were forced to leave
the islands because ofthe envy and politicking of ochet
Inferior families. They're a proud bunch, and f you tak
to them when they're drunk or stoned enough, they

might tell you that one day they'll rerum to their
homeland and reclaim thei lost wealth

‘Currently, the family doesn't have much, but they
sxtby. They farm, they drink. they ight, and they catied
cna long-time feud with the inbeed Coutinbo fail

(Oneday shen Corson andthe ctherscns were atthe
local marker, hace Courinhos wale by, and the Maro
realond one of them wat monier that ha tobe desroyed

Violence between the Marrs and the Coutinhos
wes never uncommon, but deaths were rare and nevet
came three at atime. That wasjustthe beginning. Coron,
sd her sons had been armed by the saints (rs she said)
in order to rub the Coutinhos off the face of the Earth,
Attacking by suprise they did just chat. Three Coutinho
creature andchne oa doen oftheir human relatives were
Killed in one day, and most ofthe few who exaped were
hunted down withinaweek. The official verdict wasamas
homicide/ suicide. Said Sheriff Crizobal Marron, "You
Know what thove Coutinho folks were like. Not tospeak ll
cf the dead, but they weren't uite ‘ight

"The bank foreclosed on the Coutinho farm and the
Marrons bought it, as instructed by the saints. The
saints speak to Corazon alimoxt every week, and they
prepare her for the next onslaught of monsters. She
knows they're coming. So do her sons. But for now
humans rule their valley

Joun 0' Matiz, axa Cor 80

‘© Malley sata rod shouldered man with thebocd
five generations fe cop in is wera. Like athe,
Maly janedthe Chicapolcefrcerahto acho
Bekele wnnepancledicrinthecyslSthprecict,
Unlikemanycthipeen,/Malley elem wan't bn
cx led by the alin ofthe legal te or by rere
commun Avubeat cop eater wera trafic tops
cx cuide chs, When it became obvi that he was at
scanking the mcm iced ofthe deme, be vet his
figs higher and went afer the dealers That cane work:
re oghinus an weekenstopetpemctdancdeam mere
authority, and so he did, despite the distance it created
tecwecn hil andi ary
path Byte te he was 27, ©" Malley haben wounded
thre mcs in the line of dy and wat one ofthe mont
decorated officers onthe force is mariage wa fling
otced, caught up complete in his crude
the oats vision who was tated top after the igh
recnlew fos uncovered Donal Pendenran, one of


Chicago's social elite who, incredibly, was ali a
playin che crysheromn trade, Peter
ul extremely clever, naulated behind
ts and underlings, bur /Malley wert af
cverythinghe had: He pent the nex three year bung
nate against Pendergrass, never imagining tht the drug
Iingpin might be taking steps against hn.
fall pare when Internal Ad
gaint OMalley's
her, accusing thee man ef accepting bike
anupeotection money Fomor ne. OMalley
father protested loudly, claiming he was being st up
Johan stoad by his father throughout the brutal court
barcle and was there when the guilty verdice came
down. Two days later, Jo

Everything started t
fairs handed down an indictmen

Im his cell under mysterious circumstances.

Three months later, O'Malley was sil traps
tocomeo grips with his
his son Tom had been
Theforce took care of iow, and
up, but O'Malley's careet was deal a crippling b
to rehab, and the doc
he'd been on smack for almont a yar,
father's nose. O/Malleys wife let itn ow
With his world crumbling down around hi

(O/Milley tried to fight on, doggedly pursuing his inves

tigation and devoting what time he had to Tom's reba
taltaion. In berween, he drank. Pretty soon, i¢ took 2
quart of rye gee through the day. O/Malley
cupences started to talk about his carly etirement. His
1 the Pendergrass case was all but
he came home ro
ody stretched outon the flor. The needle
i arm. The heroin he'd gotten had been

st pure, enough to sop his heart within seconds.
Someone had purposely given Tom the heroin,
ley was sure of it. His son had been improving
he finally began to suspect that every
ered had nothing to do witha capricious
ngs of a powerful and well
3 ruined OMalley's life

scng other reason than to keep his own worthless hide
‘outof prison. That night, Malley swore there would be
matter what. He had nothing lft to lose

areckoning.

He give the inveaigation everthing he had John ate
when he could sleptonly when he ad to and di whatever

was necemary t0 make Pendergras' people cough up evi
dence about thet bos. When is wife's attomey served the
divorce papers, hesigned them and handed them right ack
without a word. She was puto a life he no longer knew
A year ace, Malley got enough for an indictment
Donald Perera' arrest. Accompanied
tyaemallarmyctpolic, be arivedae Pendergrs'reiderice
riminal to jail. They barged paw all the
1: Malley felt ikea whithwind, his

beans ander
comccome aula lat Buthereseandngxithe mansin's
sere, the policeman locked eyes with Donald
and ealied just how mach of afool hed ben.
4 Pender was dead. Malley sre the snan's
sled, ined with blue black vee When the dra
he revealed lng load licked fang. He was monster, the
stuff of nighemares, with an expresion of ancient didain
(O/Malley loka into tore eyes ana new down t isu
that nothing on Earth could wp Donald Pendens
Except him
(O/Malley tok Pendergrass downtown in his own cr.
The monsters handcuffed in the backseat and boned
thate wouka'the in the sation fe more than 15 minutes,
His lawyers woul rp Malley cave to pieces, then hed
leave the counary fra relaxing vacation in France. The
rear fred his condolences shout © Malley'sfather. In
his opinion, the man had been innocent all along, Then
2s asked about John's son. O'Malley and the
-onvoy behind im crused to stp a red light Hefting
flashlight rom the pawengerseat, he cavedin the
ing sound. Pendergrass died and
dus, and Jl, O'Malley was reboen.

the po
‘O'Malley thought quickly and a few blocks later
ered into a rampway stanchion. When the


HURT ERBOOK:AYERGER

ambulance arrived, his story was thar the suspect had
somehow slipped free of his handcuffs and reached
across the seat to grab the wheel. They crashed, and
Pendergrass fled into the night 3s O Malley sar sunne
‘With a van fall of cop wienesses who had seen the
auspect go into the car (even though they hadn't seen
‘him exit it), whae cher explanation could there be

Instead of being tormented by inner demons,
Malley now hunts them mercilesly on Chicago's
streeu, Hisexpenience anoubpoken manner on hunter
‘nethuve earned him considerable respect an status wi
the emerging hunter community. He has become the de
fact spokesman for the burgeoning Avenger croed
Praruz

‘Attributes: Strength (Athletic Build) 4, Dexterity
(Quick Hands) 4, Stamina (Workaholic) 5, Charisma
(Transixing Gaze) 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Perception (Sharp-Eyed) 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alerts (Ambush) 4, Athletics 2, Be
Boreasracy (City Hal) 4, Compute 1, Crafts 2, Doge 2
Drive 3, Fast Daw 3 Ineimidation 3, Investigation (C
nal Records) 4, Law 3, Leadeohip 2, Firearms (Pista) 4
Melee 2, Research 2, Security 2, Stealth 3, Sueetwise 4

Backgrounds: Anienal 3, Contacts 3, Resour

Edges: (Vengeance) Cleave, Trai (Judgment)
Discern, Burden

Zealt 6, Conviction: 8, Willpower: 8

Por

Poe i nota good man. He was imbued ina Belgian
maximumaecunty frien, where he was serving ters fo
smuggling sulk, mayhem ard seconaldegee tunkee He
sudlered he wake-upin the reson yan alongwith an ances.
a burglar rp, two prion guans—and the waren.

The dynamics among the six remain complex, 0 say
the leat. The guans und warden were wed to seeing the
convictasthe enemy —ruthlesrthugs whohadtobekepe
inline. Now, they are presented with anew enemy. against
‘whose inhuman measure mere criminals are sunt

Al six agree thar something has to be done about
the things. Poe and his colleagues certainly have the
skills Furthermore, with a litte collusion from the
warden and the guards, the convicts have the perfect
alibi to conduct the bunt without supicion

Poe has no delusions about his circumstances. He
knows the warden views him as an expendable pawn in
a chess match agnnst the forces of Hell. Whenever he
{snuck out ofthe prison fora "mission." he knows the
‘guards watch hitn cloely, and he knows they' kill him
ithe tes toescape. But every mision he undertakes
a chance to breathe free, to sleep and rise when he

wants, to eat good food and to shower in private. It's.a
chance to live, and that's good enough for Poe.

‘On his most recent and most dangerous mission
erasing a NATO strategist — Poe had the opportunity
toleave one of his fellow huntersto die, Specifically, he
could have akandoned one of the guards, a loutish
fellow named Henti. For some reaton, Poe saved the
‘man — even though abandoning Hen could well have
siven him a chance to escape.

Poe's no sure what happened. Part cfm thinks twas
asmple convict reflex, to gc the guard on his sie. cher
fomes he aspect theme force that mmbuedhisn jude
screns nth ineance. Bur jut barely powsble that Poe
bas uncowered ang hidden vein of decency

Sevrcx Yinasam, axa Feawe6i

Like Corazon Marton in Brasil Jennifer Vidien
‘sat the center fa group ofloyal, dedicated individuals
Unlike che Marrons, however, Vidiania'sfollowers opt
to follow her out of belief, not out of family loyalty

A native ofthe US,, Vidsania traveled to Istanbul
svith a specific aim in mind. She planned to take advan
tage of ich, gullible tours and top them into-a phony
New Age church. She never suspected that any ofthe

cclaptrap she spouted might cum out to be tre


CHAPTER: AVENGERS AY CARGE

Sreven Wicunws, aka SouoiceSi

Seeven Williams was a young infantryman stationed

ort Hood, Texas. He was working his way through,
fouryeat stint when the Messengers spoke t him. On
ave in nearby Kileen, he and several frends were drink

‘eyes become unfocused and
the gel
on hee sgn flared re
MURDERER" Williams shook his head, dibelieving.
When he looked again, the sign was normal once more.
[Nor sare wae to think, Wiliams gathe
snd headed into the parking let. Back nthe sh
wet the gt. Willa
nda down is chin an fangs gleams
faintly inthe mocalighe. The "man" was a monster.
Williams and his friends attacked the creature. It
sed them around Je, laghing coldly
fknex. When the soldiers
pe, whisked away by the
bees, Willams learned that
happen

She nowbelievesthatthe gods ave sense ofhumor

ng up foe final

‘While eritalplan ether church volved reat Se
more peace, lve ane material confor. Vidsonta's percep
Son puranormnal predators hs shifted her couse decibaly
totherght Shenow peachovamiiant dct, ackelby
voolent miracles (mich as showing be flower
sompireevapeente in ainlght). In adn

ower she bole belie through moee convent

cab — deep deprivation slain and ioe

bc cunnde stanbulsafortil cap, where herd
elievers pl deeper into the reveal uth She has nea
20pecpleinherchurch, evel whom haw

their woeky poses "fr the commen goo

Vidieania curently fring contacting th
Russian mob to acquite amethrowers, rocket
launchers — and maybe even 3 tank o¢ rw


r HURTERBOOKR

Undaunted, Williams went back into the bar and
asked questions" The man was a local and well known,
fan oil tycoon who lived on a ranch with a bunch of
servants, He had a reputation for coming in and leaving
‘withthe ladies from time to time. Going to the police
‘wouldn'thelp. The man owned the police. The smartest
thing he and his friends could do would be to head back
to base and forget the whole thing

‘Williams took haf the advice. He and his friends
went back to hase — and returned shorty after dawn,
ready for war

‘The vampires servants were well prepared, but not
fora squad of soldiers armed with automatic weapons.
The intruders fought their way into the monstr'airand

rgged the creature out into the sunlight. Afterward,

‘Wiliams' buddies wanted noching more than to get back
to their everyday lives and forge about the whole hor:
rible incident, bt Steven coukdn'cle go. That moment
inthe parking lochad transformed him. andhe learned all,
he could ahour stones and rumored sightings actos
‘Texas. Eventually, he found his way onto hunter-nt.

le was on the net that Williams heard about «
vampire in Mexico. Supposedly a powerful creature,
resided just across the border in a walled hacienda
surrounded by guards, and it had is fingers in every
‘hing fom drug-traficking to guns tosweatshop slavery
Williams announced to the net that he was going after
the thing. A few other hunters, including @ salesman

who called himself Traveler72, ngreed to go along
Williams approached the guys, his buddies in the
squad. They wanted nopartinanyotherfreakishepisode,

but Williams was adamant. They had been shown the
vampire for a reason, be declared, and he meant to see
things through to the end. Finally, he talked his friends
ino accompanying him armed to the teeth across the
border. They were going to play it smart this time. No
tmore conftonting the creature in its air. They brought
‘enough charges to blow the building sraight to Hell

This time was diferent — they walked into a trap.
‘Theteam was ambushed outa che haciendaby ahorde
of puppets and brought inside. Williams was forced to
‘watch as his fend were tortured for information.

The only thing that saved him was a hunter Will
lamshadneverevensmet,alurker whohad seen Williams'
‘plans on the net and decided to cover their backs in his
‘own way. A baller shattered one of the hacienda's
windows, letting in the burning desert sunlight. The
monsters shricked in pain and surprise, and Williams
made his break. In the chaos, he got himself free and
scumbled in terror chrough the darkened hacienda
Screams of the dead and dying filled the air. When he
finally ound the explosives they'd brought, he set the
fuses and prepared to die with his buddies. But some-
thing changed his mind. In retrospect, he believes that
the ghosts of his friends told him to run. He stumbled
from the house moments before ithlew to bts. Later, he
Jeamed that Traveler72 was the only other to escape.

"Ton by pu and haunted bythe death of the guys,
Willams went AWOL and began to travel the country to
wuneavel the mystery ofthe Mestergers and his imbuing,
‘Only where hauled the task that the Messengers have
sethim he fel can he atone or the deaths of his fiend.
