# File: Axis Mundi - The Book Of Spirits.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

The Soitcbook of Spirits for Werewolf: The Apocalypse' my
and ssh The Ascension ™ :

PAL) WT Rl l aa

|

Lo |

"Damn it, old man! Where are you taking me?"

The old man turned around to face his nephew, a sour
look on his face. "So impatient. It's not your bones
creakin' up this hill. You're young and strong. So shut up."
He turned back around and kept walking up the steep hill,
reaching out to grasp pine branches to pull himself up.

Little John Fox shook his head in disgust. His uncle was
older than God, they said on the res. He sure acted like it.
Dragging him out in this weather — cold enough to freeze
aman alive ifhe stood still for too long — and marching him
up Vision Hill before the sun even rose high enough to at
least thaw some of the ice. The old man had to be senile.

"C'mon, Uncle. Let's just get back in the pickup and turn

\

on the heater. We're going to freeze our asses blue out here!

The old man didn't respond. He kept pulling himself
methodically up the hill, even though the effort seemed to
cause him pain. But his endurance never seemed to run
out; he never paused, he just kept going.

Little John sighed and followed him, quickly catching
up. He had come back to the reservation from college to
see his family and give them some of the money he'd
earned in the city. He never expected his uncle to wake
him at three in the morning, force him into his beat-up
pickup truck and drive all the way out here. His father was
up and looked worried, but he bowed his head when John
asked him to calm Uncle down to get him to stop with this
foolishness. He just said, "Respect your uncle, son."

Respect what? An old coot who thought he was a
shaman? John sneered behind his uncle's back. He knew
real shamans now, not the crazy old human kind, but the
wolfen kind, He felt a flush of pride at his secret, the one
thing he couldn't tell his folks that had happened to him
at college. How he'd changed into a werewolf. No, he

couldn't let them know because his enemies would come.
The Wyrm had many minions, all too ready to hunt the
innocent. He didn't like leaving his new pack behind for

Communion


the weekend, but Mother Larissa insisted he see his par-
ents. Why she gave a damn, he didn't know. But he did as
he was told. And he was regretting it.

His uncle disappeared over the rise and John knew that
they had reached the top. He ran the last few steps to join
his uncle, walking across an open field of snow and
heading for a large rock.

"You have never been here before," Uncle said as he
walked, "And that's my fault. I was too busy when you were
growing up, when you needed this the most. Then you
went away and it was too late. But now you're back and
we'll get this done right."

"Get what done, Uncle? You haven't told me what all
this is about."

"You learned all sorts of bad ways growing up. Helping
the warriors run liquor and cigarettes, getting shot at and
shooting back. Lucky you were never caught. If you wound
up in jail, we might never have seen you again."

"Look, don't get down on the warriors. They're just
trying to make good money. Nobody lets us earn anything
the legal way, so if we have to break the law, then so be it.
The money I made got me to college, remember?"

"Oh, yeah, college. Real important. They'll fill your
head all full of crap. Fill it so chick nothing else will fit in.
Nothing good, at least. How much do you know of our
traditional ways, Little John?"

"J don't need to know much. Most of that's in the past.
Our ways are now."

Uncle shook his head and stopped as he got to the rock.
He began to pull things out of his leather bag: a pipe,
tobacco, a rattle and some animal teeth and claws. "Our
past is now. Our ways are forever. They haven't forgotten,
and we've got to honor them. It's our duty."

"Who are they?"

"The spirits. The animals. Those beings all around us
who give us life and protect us from evil."

Little John smiled. He knew about spirits; he'd seen
some of them. Larissa said he was a Theurge, a spirit man.
But he knew that only the Garou could teach him about
spirits, because only they could see them, travel to their
land: the Umbra. Humans like Uncle might be touched by
them, but they couldn't talk to them, really. He sighed.
Time to humor the old man.

"Okay, spirits. ] know about them. Let's light up the
pipe and smoke a few for them and go home, okay?"

Uncle glared at him. "Sit down. We'll smoke, all right.
But it ain't tobacco."

Little John sat down, confused. "What do you mean?
That's not hash, is it? 1 didn't expect that from you."

Uncle smiled. "No, it's not marijuana. It's something
special. Something I made up just for you and your jour-
ney." He began packing herbs into the pipe, and John
could tell by the colors — white, yellow and red — that it
wasn't tobacco.

"Journey? 1 thought this hill was our journey. You mean
we're going somewhere else?"

Uncle lit the pipe with a match and faced the east. He
offered the pipe to that direction, mumbling to himself. He
then turned ina circle, offering smoke to all the directions.
He then took a puff himself. A smile crept onto his face and
he looked around, giggling. He winked to the air, then
handed the pipe to John. "Go ahead, they're waiting."

John shrugged his shoulders and took a toke. He held it
in and couldn't help but smile himself. It felt good, slightly
euphoric. He opened his eyes and saw Uncle stare at him,
smiling. But his smile was full of sharp teeth and his eyes
were those of a wolf.

John's throat caught and he began coughing vio-
lently. He shut his eyes as they began to water and then
opened them again. His uncle was gone and the land-
scape had come alive. The moon was up and the sun was
gone. The pine trees swayed in a breeze, but seemed to
be watching him. He couldn't say why, but he felt eyes
all over him. He stood up and looked for Uncle. There
was no sign of him; even the pipe and animal fetishes
were gone. Little John shook his head to clear it. ] must
have slept for hours. That stuff is powerful. Wonder what
it was. Uncle must be back at the truck.

He began walking in the direction from where they'd
come when he heard a branch snap in the nearby woods.
He halted and looked around. Nothing. Must have been a
squirrel. He kept walking.

Something small and white launched itself from the edge
of the woods right onto his chest. Surprised, John slipped in
the snow and fell. A rabbit sat on his chest, looking right
into his eyes. John swore it was grinning at him. Then, it
spoke: "I got him! Hurry up, while he's still down!"

The area exploded into activity. A deer ran forward and
landed on his legs, pinning them down. A moose galloped
forward and landed his two front legs onto John's shoul-
ders, pinning them down and snapping his collarbones.

* A aargh!" John yelled. "Get off of me! What's going on?"

The rabbit began biting his neck, opening his jugular.
Blood sprayed into the air and across the snow, staining
the rabbit's fur red. The deer began nibbling at his leg,
devouring his hamstrings. John gaped in horror, his mind
foggy with pain.

A raven flew from the sky and landed on his cheek.
"Can I get in on this?"

"Sure!" the rabbit said. "But his liver's mine."

"No problem," the raven said. "I like eyes." And it
reached its beak down and plucked out John's right eye.

John screamed and tried to shift into Crinos form. His
body began to change, fur growing out and his chest
expanding. The rabbit yelled out: "Just what | was waiting
for!" and burrowed into his expanding rib cage, reaching
in and nibbling his liver.

John fainted.

Axis Mundi


He woke up much later, for the moon had traveled
across the sky quite a ways. But he could see with both eyes
and move his legs. He was all right. There was no damage
done. It had been just a dream. But as he looked around,
he saw blood and tracks all about. Rabbit tracks, deer
tracks, moose tracks. And raven tracks.

He shuddered and realized that he was still in Crinos
form. He must have healed while he was unconscious. But
what had happened? Why in the world did the animals
attack him? Why did normally herbivorous animals eat
him? What kind of crazy world was this? Oh, man! I'm in
the Umbra! How did this happen? It must have been Uncle.
He's been a Garou all this time. This is his revenge for my
disrespect. Me and my mouth. I gotta get out of here. Gotta
find a reflective surface.

He hegan moving back to where he knew the pickup
truck was in the material world. He knew that, while he
could peek into the material world, he would need a shiny
object or a body of water in this world. But it was the only
place he knew to go.

As he walked down the hill, he realized how hungry he
was. His stomach was rumbling fiercely and his legs were
a bit unsteady. All the work of regenerating my organs must
have taken a lot of energy out of me. | gotta find some food.

As soon as he thought it, he stopped, wolfen ears sharp
and nose sniffing. A deer had wandered onto the path
below him, apparently unaware of him. He crept forward
onall fours, shifting into Lupus form. He saw the deer now,
a large buck. He moved silently around it to make sure he
was out of the wind. It was oblivious to him, bending its
head down to munch at the grass.

He tensed and leapt at ic. [t spun around and stared him in
the eye as he flew through the air toward it. In that moment,
their eyes met, and the deer bowed. He landed on it and his

jaws wrapped about its neck, tearing its jugular open. He slid

down its flanks and opened them with his claws. It made a
weak, bleating sound and fell, its life draining from it. John
moved in to eat, but stopped as he met its fading eyes. He felt
shame and bowed his head and moved away.

"Don't you dare refuse its sacrifice!" his uncle yelled,
appearing from the woods in front of him, past the dying
deer. "He chose to die that you might eat! Thank him."

John stared at his uncle in astonishment and then again
looked at the deer. lt was almost dead and he felt even worse
at prolonging its agony. But he knew Uncle was right, deep
down he knew. "I... 'm sorry. I've never done this. Please
forgive me. I... thank you. I need your strength to goon. I've
got to fight the Wyrm, for Gaia. Please don't judge me." He
began to cry at the shame of it, the idea that he judged
himself more worthy of life than his prey.

The deer blinked its eyes and died. A feeling of relief
came over John, one that he knew was not caused by
himself alone. He felt that something was speaking to him,
whispering deep in his ear, but he could not consciously
make out the words, but they gave him peace nonetheless.


AE od

"Very good. Very good," Uncle said. "You have done
your prey proud. Now eat, hunter, and know your food

is healthy."

John tore into the deer's flank and howled in delight
as the blood ran down his jaws onto his fur. The red, raw
meat tasted better than any meal he had ever had, and
he chewed it with relish. After his hunger abated, he
looked at his uncle. He shifted back into human form,
with the blood still staining his cheeks. "Have some,
Uncle. I owe it to you."

"That's the first sign of respect from you yet," Uncle
said, sitting with his back against a tree. "And I thank
you. But you have much to learn. Later, once you have
been taught to hunt properly, you will give the first part
of the kill to those above you."

John felt shame again. It was part of the Litany. Larissa
had taught it to him and his pack. He knew it but had
forgotten all about it. Uncle was right. He had much to
learn. "I don't understand all this. It's too weird."

Uncle shook his head. "It is the Way. What is strange
is that you have forgotten it. You cannot eat the lives of
others without giving something in return. It is the
most ancient of pacts, the first communion and sacra-
ment. The world is ill today because people have
forgotten. Until now, when was the last time you
prayed to your food for thanks? It has given much to
you, but what has it received? No one can be a Theurge

Axis Mundi

without understanding this. You cannot have power
over something if you have not given of yourself first.
The animal powers have eaten you, and now you may
eat them without shame. You may take of their power
now and command them to work for you. You paid for
this power with your body."

"Are you a Theurge, Uncle? | thought you were just
Kinfolk."

"Heh. Your disrespect blinded you. What if] were only
Kinfolk? Would you have nothing to learn from me?
Then you would be a fool, for our kin are our hope. They
have long kept our lore for us even in the generations
when no Garou are born to them. They carry the seeds of
our future, just as they bore you in the present. Honor
them, especially those who are close family to you. In the
same way should you honor all spirits. They are not your
slaves, but your allies. You are all servants of Gaia, and
deserve respect as such. Ask for aid, never demand it.
Those who walk such a path are mighty indeed, for their
reputation precedes them even into the deepest regions
of the Spirit World, and they are like a light to those in
darkness. All will be willing to aid them. Should you fail
to give respect, which is chiminage, they will fail you
when you most need them. Only an arrogant fool be-
lieves otherwise."

John nodded. "You're right. I've been a real asshole.
Can we go home now?"


Uncle stood up. "I'm going home, but you're staying
here."

"What? Why? I've learned my lesson, haven't I?"

"Yes, but | need you to get something for me. I used
up a lot of good herb on you today, and you need to
replace it. Over by the big rock is an opening into the
earth which leads to a cave. There you will find the
white mushrooms I need to make more smoke. When
you get them, come back to the pickup truck. PH be
waiting."

Uncle walked off down the path and John stood up,
shrugging his shoulders. He walked back up the hill and
into the clearing. The sight of his own blood still
staining the snow unnerved him a bit, but he moved
past it to the rock. He looked around and finally saw a
small hole where the rock met the ground. This is
ridiculous! I can't fit into that! There is no way I'm going to
get those shrooms.

"Psst!" a voice said from nearby.

John looked around and finally saw a mouse creeping
forward through the snow. "You need to get in there?"

it asked.

"Uh... yeah. Yeah I do. Can you climb down there
and get some white mushrooms for me?"

"No, but Pll make you a deal. You trade bodies with
me for a few minutes and you can use my body to go
down there and get them yourself."

"Trade bodies? That's impossible!"
"Oh, no it's not. I've done it many times before. So,
do you want the mushrooms or not?"

"Yeah, of course | want them. But what do you want
with my body?"

"Are you kidding? With your body I can get enough
food in ten minutes to feed me all winter. What else
would | do with your body?"

"Okay, okay. Let's just do it and get it over with. I'm

freezing my ass off out here and I want to go home. So
how do we do this?"

"Repeat after me: I'm a mouse. I'm a mouse. I'm a
mouse. No longer is this my house."

John looked skeptically at the mouse, but shrugged
his shoulders. "Okay. I'm a mouse. I'm a mouse. I'm a
mouse. No longer is this my house." The next thing he
knew, he was in the mouse's body, looking up at himself
from ground level. The mouse, in his body, was dancing
around and whooping.

"Hey!" John yelled, leaping out of the way of his own
shoe. "Watch out!"

"Sorry, " the mouse-in-his-body said. "I'm not used to
this size. I'm going to go to the edge of the woods and get
some nuts and stuff. ll meet you back here in ten
minutes."

"Ten minutes, no more. Got it?" Jack said.

"Sure," the mouse-in-his-body said as he ran off into
the woods.

John sighed, hoping the mouse was good on his word,
and he crept down into the hole. It was dark and tight,
but he slid through easily, coming into a large chamber.
There were white mushrooms growing everywhere, just
as his uncle promised.

Oh, no. How am I going to get them out of here? He
thought for a minute and then marched resolutely
forward. He began nibbling at a mushroom and when
his mouth was full, he ran up to the surface and spit it
out. Back in again, nibble some more and back up to
spit it out. He soon had a fairly sizable pile of mush-
room chunks.

He looked around for his body, but it was nowhere to
be seen. He's late! I'm going to kill him when he gets back.
No, that's just a figure of speech. I'm not really going to
murder him. But he'd better keep his bargain.

He walked toward the forest, but it took a lot longer
then he expected in his tiny body. Then, he felt the
hairs on the back of his neck raise. Huh? What's up? He
looked up in time to see a giant owl descending on
him. He screamed too late as the talons wrapped
around him and wrenched him from the earth. He was
dragged into the air, farther and farther up, weak and
dizzy from the impact. The next thing he knew, he was
falling. His body hit the ground with a crunch as most
of his bones broke. He couldn't move as the owl
landed and began tearing at him with his beak, swal-
lowing chunks of his flesh. The last thing he thought
before passing out was how badly he had used his
borrowed body.

He woke up feeling woozy. He looked around and saw
that he was on the forest floor, strewn among pine
needles. He looked at himself and cried out. He was no
longer hairy, for only bones were left. He was a skeleton
mouse. He then noticed that he was sitting in a pile of
owl feces. Crying in fear, he leapt up and ran off down
the forest path.

"Hey! Is that me?" a voice yelled from the distance.

John froze, his tiny bones chattering as he shivered.

"Hey, Garou! Where are you?" the voice cried out.

John suddenly realized who it was. "Here! I'm here!"

A thrashing and crashing came toward him through
the trees and his body appeared on the path. It looked
around and saw him and its eyes bulged and jaw
dropped open.

"What did you do to my body! I'm dead!" the mouse-
in-his-body yelled.

"I'm sorry," John said. "I got eaten by an owl. Why
I'm still alive I don't even know."

Communion


His body approached and bent down to examine
him. "Il should just leave you like that, misusing my
body. It's not right. I kept yours in top shape. Look at
mine! Just a skeleton!"

John looked down at the ground and started to cry. "I
Just want my douly baat. Tae wane co te hame!"

The mouse-in-his-body's eyes softened. "I guess this
is all a bit much for you. You're still a cub, right? My
fault. Okay, [ll give your body back. Heck, mine may
even have some improvements. Repeat after me: 'ma
Garou. I'm a Garou. I'm a Garou. Me and this mouse
will do the ol' switcheroo."

Jack winced. "What kind of rhyme is that?"

"Just say it."

"Pm a Garou. I'm a Garou. I'm a Garou. Me and this

mouse will do the ol' switcheroo." Jack blinked and

when he opened his eyes, he was looking down on a
skeletal mouse. He was back in his body. "Yes! Thank

you! I'm back!"
"Well," said the mouse. "I guess I'll go and figure out
what this new body can do. Oh, I put your mushrooms

in your pocket. I figured you didn't want to lose them."

John reached into his pocket and felt the mush-
rooms. In his other pocket where a bunch of nuts.
"What do you want me to do with your food?"

"It doesn't matter now. I'm dead. See ya!" And the
mouse scurried off into the woods.

Jack jumped with joy to be back in his body and ran
thacd the way the mouse-in-his-hadv had come, looking
for the path back to the pickup and his Uncle. As he
went, he heard all sorts of sounds that he had never
heard in the woods before. They seemed to belong
there. The trees whispered to themselves about the
wind, and the birds sung about their loves and losses.
He realized that they were speaking as spirits do, and he
understood them now.

"Thank you, mouse, for teaching me the speech of
spirits!" he yelled out as he found the path and ran down
the hill. When he got to where they had left the pickup
in the material world, a small mirror was waiting for
him. He stared into it but had to blink and calm himself
down. He was too excited co step sideways. After a few
minutes of deep breathing, he tried again, and the spirit
world melted around him, giving way to matter and the
material world.

Uncle was sitting inside the pickup drinking a beer
and listening to country music on the radio. The sun
was going down; a whole day had passed. Uncle smiled
at John when he saw him. "Boy, you sure took a while."

"Getting eaten by an owl and digested out again
takes a few hours."

Uncle looked skeptically at his nephew. "Now you're
making up tales."


"Tm not Kidding! I'traded' bodies with a mouse to get
your damn mushrooms, and an owl ate me! | woke up in
a pile of shit and the mouse almost didn't trade bodies
back with me!"

Uncle's eyes widened in surprise but then got an

ominous look to them. "You've experienced what it is
to be twice-born. Thank Gaia you don't remember most
of it. Owl was kind to you. Do not ask why; the secrets
of death are not for one so young as you. Get in the
truck. We're going home."

"First sensible thing you've said all day." John got in
the truck.

"Frere," Uncle said, handing fim a tower. "Clean
that blood off your face, or your mother will have a fit."

"Blood's nothing. It's that cat of hers I'm worried
about."

"Huh? Gray Paws? Why?"

"She's always been a top mouser."

Uncle laughed. "I think you don't have to worry
about that. You've been stalked enough for one day. It's
time for the mighty hunter and his prey to go home."

"Amen to that, Uncle." John sat back and turned the
heater up. Way up.

Communion


Credits

Authors: Emrey Barnes (Cockroach), Phil Brucato (Pe-
gasus), Bill Bridges (Introduction, History, Wendigo &
Plant totems), Brian Campbell (Rat & Grandfather Thun-
der), Jackie Cassada (Uktena, Plant & Rock spirits), Ben
Chessell (Griffin), Heather Curatola (Unicorn), Harry
Heckel (The Pact, Stag, Moon spirits & Elementals),
Chris Howard (Falcon), James Moore (Fenris), Rustin
Quaide (Chimera, Ancestors, Enigmatics & Epiphlings),
Teeuwynn (Owl)

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Ronni Radner

Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles & Lawrence Snelly
Layout & Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

Art: Ron Brown, Mike Chaney & Matt Milberger, Jim
Daly, Richard Kane Ferguson, Brian LeBlanc, Shea Anton
Pensa, Steve Prescott, Dan Smith, Ron Spencer

Cover Art: Richard Kane Ferguson

Front Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly
Back Cover Design: Katie McCaskill

780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
& SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

WHITE WOLF] USA
CAME STUDIO

©1996 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.

Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the pur-
pose of reviews. Werewolf: The Apocalypse and
Axis Mundi: The Book of Spirits are trademarks of
White Wolf, Inc. All characters, names, places and
text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of, or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader dis-
cretion is advised.

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Thanks

Phil "Antediluvian" Brucato, for somehow surviving the
Great Flood.

Rich "Safe as Houses" Dansky, for being sufficiently
removed to avoid the Great Flood.

Ken "Waterloo" Cliffe, for being demolished by the up-
start British neophytes.

Rob "Detox" Hatch, for the 48-hour waiting period after
the return from Blackened Voodooville.

Ian "Continental" Lemke, for his exploits abroad.

Ronni "Cupid is a Leper" Radner, for her healthy attitude
toward the 14th.

Ethan "Smells Like Donuts" Skemp, for portraying chaos
with an oral fixation.

Cynthia "Catharsis" Summers, for picking up the dice
that Fred "just put here."

10 Axis Mundi

ff PPE Ls Ps AT Ds TY EE ey


THE BOOK OF SPIRITS

Contents

Legends of the Garou: Communion
Introduction: Animism
Chapter One: History

How things began

2
12
16
Chapter Two: The Pact 24
40
4

Dealing with spirits

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters (Totems)

The broods of the Tribal Totems

Chapter Four: Mountains and? Water (Naturae)

Spirits of plants, rocks, the moon and the elements

Chapter Five: The Others 140
Ancestor-spirits, Enigmatics and Epiphlings
Appendix: New Charms 156
Contents 11

PEE Ps ET DL LT ninionbemey //,

Animism n. the belief, widely held esp. in Central Africa,
parts of Asia and some Pacific Islands, that souls are quasi-
physical and can exist outside the body (in dreams and visions) ,
can be transferred from one body to another and persist after the
death of the body (ghosts and reincarnation). Animist n.

Animistic adj. [fr. Latin. anima, soul]
— The New Lexicon Webster's Dictionary

The dictionary definition above does little justice to
a way of perceiving the world as alive and soulful, which
is really what animism is: the belief in a living world
where other beings exist all around us and interact with
us in special ways (usually best handled by a shaman).
In this sense, the Garou are ardent animists. They are
not wackos who should be committed for believing they
are possessed or mild kooks who talk to their toasters
out of a sense of loneliness. They know — know as a
hard fact — that the world is full to the brim with
living, often sentient beings. They know this because

Introduction: Animism

If PTE Ds Ps ET L,Y DRE Ty,

their toasters do talk to them, their swords whisper and
the very rocks and plants on the road and in the woods
won't shut up when they're around.

This kind of hard-to- ignore belief does a lot to change
one's outlook on the world. In fact, it's hard to treat
something as a disposable resource when it cries out to
you. It's hard not to sing to your dinner ("sing for your
supper") when it can haunt you if you don't.

Schizophrenics? Maybe schizophrenics know what
the Garou have always known: There's always someone
to talk to.


Axis Mundi: Che World Cree

The term "axis mundi" comes from the study of
shamanism. It is the ritual center of the world in a
shamanic ceremony, the world navel or the world tree
where the shaman enters the upper or lower worlds of
reality, seeking cures from spirits for ailments.

All shamans (and Theurges) know this center, for
they call upon it every time they enter the Spirit World.
All Garou feel it when they step sideways, the sense
that they are somehow at the center of everything, that
the most important thing in the universe is happening
right now, right here. When moving between worlds,
they must start from the center.

This spiritual center is not a place, but a state of
being, a feeling deep within the spiritual traveler that
se scartul ac abe one puinc berbre mie beginning or cine

and space, before the phenomena of the world unrav-
aka vu become the vast tapestry itis today. fact being
carries this sense of primal oneness within themselves,
regardless of how deeply it is buried beneath dualities
and pluralities. Mages know this as the Correspondence
Sphere; Garou feel it instinctually and imagine it as a
primal tree, Gaia's One Tree. The One Tree, a powerful
image for all of the Garou, symbolizes lost unity and the
womb of Gaia. This is the axis of the world, upon which
the wheel of the seasons turns.

What are Spirits?

Spirits are children of Gaia who have been stripped
of their bodies, or who have never had bodies to begin
with. When the Gauncrer arose, it aiviaea' marter ana'
spirit, and many beings retreated into the Spirit World
to be forgotten by humans. These fantastical beings

come in many forms, for they are as varied as imagina-
tion itself.

There are different categories of spirits and this book
deals chiefly with those allied most closely with Gaia.
These are the most primal of spirits, those who have
changed little since Time began. Others of their kind
— distant cousins — have evolved as the world has or
have willed their own changes separate from deeds on
Earth. These Umbrood are enigmatic beings, and most
mortals' instincts no longer recognize them because
they have changed so drastically; but most mortals do
recognize Gaia spirits on some level, no matter how
deeply buried in the unconscious. They all have an
instinct for it.

These spirits are closely allied with Nature, and exist
in the Middle Umbra, the natural Umbra (some call it
the First Umbra). They are animal powers, plant powers
and elemental powers. They still act like the world is

young and they expect humans to keep their ancient
pacts, even if the humans have forgotten these pacts. If

nena,

NY

a human kills a spirit without singing thanks, it can
have dire repercussions. A pact has been broken, and
the spirits will not allow that modern man did not know
any better; ignorance of the law is no excuse.

Diplomacy

Garou need spirits and spirits need Garou. Garou
need the spirits' lore of Gifts while the spirits need the
Garou's might to protect them or even give them
material homes for awhile (fetishes). But there is no
across-the-board rule for dealing with them. They can
be a fickle bunch, and they certainly aren't easy to
classify. For instance, one might want to say that all of
Wendigo's brood are a cold and dangerous lot. But
Wolverine can be a great pal to gulp some beers back
with and Mosquito can provide quite a lot of gossip —
just don't get them pissed off.

Each spirit has its own asking price, or chiminage.
This is what it wants in return for its aid or lore. If they
don't get it, you don't get their aid — it's that simple.
No wonder elders get bent out of shape when they find
out that young Garou cubs are insulting revered spirits,
causing them to threaten to leave the caern. It's usually
the cubs, of course, who have to trudge off into the
Umbra seeking whatever object the spirit wants in
return for burying the hatchet. And if they don't return
with it, the elder may make it clear that they shouldn't
come back at all.

All of this is meant to get the point across that spirits
aren't there to provide every whim a Garou desires. They
are hard-fought friendships which can too easily go sour.
Power is not an easy thing to achieve, and spirits are not
going to go and give it to anyone who walks off the Moon
Path asking for it. In other words, Garou have a lot of hard
work ahead of them. If it's not fighting the Wyrm, it's
having tea with those gossipy Rat Sisters.

How to Use this Book

This book is designed to be a varied and infinitely
useful sourcebook for all sorts of stories. Herein are
friends and foes and the occasional comical encounter.
For the Storyteller, this book should spin off hundreds
of stories; there is a wealth of ideas buried within. There
are many encounters here also which can spice up a
story gone in the wrong direction. Did the players take
a wrong turn outside the Legendary Realm? Here are
some random encounters to tide them over until they
find their way back.

But more than this, it is the hope of the authors of
this book that it will provide more than just hours of
fun: Its aim is to reveal more of the Garou's world and
their dire plight. They're not fighting alone; others are
in the fight with them. And when the stakes are as high
as the fate of the world, all beings must choose sides.

Using this Book with
Wage: The Ascension

As stated, this book deals with primitive nature
spirits, or those spirits closely allied with natural
forces. These things were around before humanity
reached for its first banana, and have witnessed the
rise of humanity throughout the millennia. They
can be hostile, neutral or friendly, depending en-
tirely on the spirit.

Since these spirits are from the Middle Umbra,
they are the ones most often encountered in the
material world, since their ties to it are greater than
their cousins of the High Umbra. Indeed, they often
have material bodies, such as trees and flowers or elk
and wolverines, to care for and tend. Any harm
delivered to these material children will be remem-
bered by their spiritual fathers.

Paradox spirits — the mage's bane — differ from
Gaia spirits in many.ways: First, they often attain their
substance from magickal actions, not from aspects of
nature. Secondly, they have been known to change
their forms, depending on what.the viewer expects to
see. Gaia spirits are quite consistent. Thirdly, Paradox
spirits come from the shifting of beliefs; Gaia spirits
have always been, and so long as Gaia lives, always will be.

Magesthemselves area diverse lot;some have dealt
with the spirits from the earliest days and know them
almost,as, well as. any.Garou, while others. wouldn't
know an Incatna if it bit their soul in half. Asa rule,
assume that. primal mysticks (Dreamspeakers, Ver-
bena and Cultists of Ecstasy) will recognize a Gaia
spirit for what it is, and may even (if the Storyteller
uses the Spirit Lore Knowledge Trait) know the
spirit's particulars as if she were a Garou. More "tech-
nical" mages (Hermetics, Celestial Choristers,
Akashics, Euthanatos and most Nephandi), may know
little bits of nature spirit lore; the Hermetics keep
especially good records. They will not, as a tule,
understand Gaia spirits' ways, however, and may
think that they're dealing with something else en-
tirely. Technomancers (Technocracy mages, Sons of
Ether and Virtual Adepts) will be at a complete loss
around Middle Umbra spirits. They know little about
their ways and may not, in some cases, even see them.
Reality is perception, after all. ...

Training in the Spirit Sphere is obviously essen-
tial when a mage encounters the motley crew
detailed in this book; without it, she walks in the
dark without a light, and might easily stumble and
fall. (More information on mages and the spirit
world can be found in the Mage supplement The

Book of Madness.)

Introduction: Animism

Y f PSP Ps ET nitty //,

For every lie I unlearn I learn something new.
— ani di franco, "My IQ."

Little John Fox and his uncle walked through the
gathering of Garou. It was a large moot, the most impor-
tant in a long while. Many packs of Garou mingled about
the field deep in the Adirondacks, far from the prying eyes
of humanity. Fires burned across the field, crackling and
giving off warmth to those gathered around them.

Uncle was leading John toward a small fire at the edge
of the field, where older Garou sat wrapped in blankets and
chuckled to themselves. John looked back at the center of
the field, impatient to rejoin his pack there, where all of
the important decisions were being made. He didn't mind
Uncle introducing him to some old Theurges, but why
couldn't he wait until later?

"Listen up, boy," Uncle said, stopping before the small
fire. "These are important people. I see your eyes roaming
back to the young ones, the warriors. You think that's
where all the action's at, huh? You're wrong. They don't
sneeze if these guys tell them not to."

John looked at the small gathering. An old, wrinkled
black man sat closest to him. He had to be no younger than
ninety and looked more like a hundred. His smile showed

Chapter One: History

lf APOE Le Ps ET Ls ciety 7 //

that all of his teeth were missing, but his eyes shone with
energy. He wore a necklace with the Children of Gaia
pictogram on it.

"This here is Gavin Grasstalker," Uncle said. "He's the
oldest among us. He's been places. You listen when he speaks."

"Pleased to meet you, young ‘un," Gavin said.

"Um... likewise, sit," John said, extending his hand.
Gavin smiled but did not offer his hand. Uncle didn't seem
to notice as he introduced the next elder.

"This is Suzy ‘Oathkeeper' Solomon. She's a legendary
one, anda Bone Gnawer." Suzy smiled at John. She looked
to be about fifty and was plumper than most in her tribe;
she'd obviously been eating well in her old age.

"And this is Silas Darkeyes, of the Fianna," Uncle said
and immediately sat down, not even looking at Silas. John
frowned and offered his hand. The dark-haired man in his
forties didn't smile, but shook hands and leaned back,
sittiny cross-legged.

"Your uncle doesn't like me," Silas said. "We disagree
on many things."

"Pm sorry," John said, sitting down next to Uncle.


"Don't apologize for me," Uncle said. "My problem's
between me and him. But you pay him respect."

"Certainly," John said.

"I'm so glad Windcatcher brought you," Suzy leaned
forward to say as she threw a log into the fire. "Most cubs
don't want to listen to us old coots. But your uncle says
you're different."

John looked at Uncle. "Yeah, I guess. I didn't know your
name was Windcatcher. I've always heard you called
Uncle, even by Father."

"And you'll keep calling me that if you know what's
good for you. Windcatcher's not a name to be speaking out
loud without good reason. So forget you heard it."

John nodded, confused.

"Did Wind—I mean, your uncle, tell you why we asked
for you?" Silas said.

"No. I thought he was just introducing us out of politeness."

"You got to learn to be less shut-mouthed, Uncle,"
Gavin said. "The boy's passed his rite long ago. He de-
serves a choice in his affairs."

"He's arrogant and thinks he knows what's best for
him," Uncle said. "He'll do what his uncle says. It's only
right. It's respect."

"That's right," John said. "If Uncle thinks ] should be
here, then I guess I should."

"Good boy," Uncle smiled.

"So why am I here?" John asked.

"Can I start?" Silas asked Uncle.

"You're as good as any, I suppose," Uncle replied, not
looking at him.

Silas turned to look John in the eye. "We want to tell
you about history, Little John Fox. We want to tell you
about the spirits and how they came to be. How the world
came to be and how it is today. It's important stuff —
something every Theurge should know. But too few have
time to learn it these days. Heck, we're only going to skim
one cup out of an ocean tonight. But you've got to start in
the shallows before you can swim in the sea."

"So sit back and get comfortable," Suzy said. "We're
going to talk your ear off."

John smiled and sat cross-legged. "Okay. Let's hear it."

The Dawn

Silas looked at the fire, staring past it. "It is said that there
was once nothing. That is, that nothing existed. A void, I
guess. But that's hard to imagine, and even if true, wouldn't
dous no good. What we do know is that there came a Dawn.

"Gaia blossomed in nothingness and became some-
thing. She gave birth to everything known and unknown.
The Dawn was the light of Her eyes opening and spreading
throughout the world. There was no sun in those days, but
Her eyes were brighter anyway. Who needed the sun when
you had them?

18 Axis Mundi

Yin 1 /

"None of us today can imagine the sheer joy all things
felt in that time. Everything that existed did so because
She willed it that way. Beautiful creatures unimaginable
by our crude minds were born and danced in the dewy grass
of the Dawn. Just thinking about it brings tears to my eyes
and envy to my heart. But there was no envy chen, for
everything was fulfilled, born with utter potential. All was
a mystery for these newborn eyes, and the world was a
wonderful land of exploration: to touch, to feel, to reach
out for the world and have it reach back; to meld with it
and separate and meld again for the sheer joy of it all. No
one then knew that separation could be permanent.

"Everything was in flux, nothing was set or static, for
they had no names. But Gaia tired of this chaos, and
wanted order so that She could rest. So, She called all Her
creations to Her and named them one by one. By giving
them names, She gave them limitations, but also wonder-
ful powers that they hadn't had before.

"Some things were wilder than others, and She set some
above them to reign them in. These were the totems who
tule their broods. In this way, everything had a place and
a family, and every family had a leader who was named to
be wise and powerful.

"But some things were never named. They ran when
they heard Gaia's call, for they wanted to exist with no
limitations. Fear ever meeting such a spirit, for they are
powerful and nothing is beyond their sway. It is said that
they still exist in the Deep Umbra, at the very farthest
margins of the world. The minions of the Wyld are not
so chaotic as them, for even the Wyld has a name. Fear
the nameless."

"No," Gavin interrupted. "You go too far. If such beings
still exist, having escaped the Naming, then they are
lonely indeed. They are to be pitied, for they are sad
beings. To fear them is to harm them, for it is mercy they
need. If you find them, call them forth into the light so
that they might be named by Gaia. The cost of your life is
nothing next to the return of a Prodigal."

"Perhaps," Silas said. "But who can say. Even we four,
old as we are, haven't seen or heard of such things ever
being met. They are only legend...."

The Naming

"Things seemed to calm down for a while," Silas
continued, "But that was only until folks got used to their
new roles. Some chafed at them, getting tired of their
new selves, and they began to barter with others to trade
off roles, sometimes for a little while, sometimes perma-
nently. That's why some spirits don't act like they're
supposed to all the time: There's probably someone else
in their skin. Once the Gauntlet rose up, this sort of
skintrading became a lot harder, and most couldn't do it
anymore. The sneaky ones kept the power, though even
they could only do it temporarily.

|


ee AZ:

"But some had this skinchanging as part of their Naming.

There are lots of stories about the mischief these spirits
caused! wu ger ewo or mare crams: hey said dear Copeate
started it all. There was a tent or something which Gaia sat
in, letting in spirits one by one to name them. Coyote went
in and got named Coyote, which he was happy enough
with, but figured he'd hedge his bets. He grabs a human and
steals his skin, and gets back in line. When he's called into
the tent again, Gaia thinks he's a human, and names himas
such. Coyote walks back out and bursts out laughing,
knowing he'd gotten two names. Well, wolf, bear, cat and
a bunch of others ask what's going on. He tells them, and
they all go steal some human skins and stand in line again.

"Finally, Crow is the last to go in, but he can't stop
snickering. Gaia asks him why he's laughing and he can't

stop laughing long enough to tell Her. He laughs so hard
his skin slips off, revealing him as Crow. Gaia is furious.
She's been tricked. She tells Crow that he'll never have
anything of his own now, and must steal anything to get
it. Crow says it wasn't his fault, Coyote did it first.

"Well, Gaia calls them all back in and paces about

deciding what to do. She finally says that She can't undo
what's been done, but She figures She'll set things right
anyway. She names them all over again, but this time says
that the first offspring they each bear will have two names,
and will each go off into the world on their own, wearing
tueoskins She sets.a.snecial nugnose to each of them, and
these become her special protectors and defenders—"

"That's a ridiculous folk tale and you know it," Suzy
said. "Everybody knows that Gaia named shapeshifters
first and only after seeing how successful they were, gave
othasatlyorerrame Shewayratanid thaw varan ‘Ranaut
names to go around and didn't want to use them up."

"Untrue," Uncle said. "Gaia created everything. She
certainly had enough to go around. If this weren't so, then
why are new things being born all over the world? New
species in the jungle and other places."

"If she did have enough to go around, how do you
explain the bones my tribe is left to pick? How come we all
can't have filet mignon? Because there's not enough to go
around, that's why!"

"Humph," Uncle said.

"What | don't understand," John said, "is how they got
Gaia to name humans multiple times. | mean, don't they
get one name, like all coyotes got one name? It doesn't
make sense."

"Damn right, it doesn't," Suzy huffed.

"I don't know," Silas said. "Maybe it refers to the
different races of humans. You know, black, white, yellow,
Irish, etc. Maybe some of the skins they wore were apes? It
doesn't need to make sense to be true."

"Irish? A separate race all their own?" Gavin said,
winking at Silas.

"Look, can I get on with telling the story?" asked Silas.

| f PPE Le Ps ET i -


(Re EE ES weve

The Chain of Being

"So, the shapeshifters have special names, regardless of
why. Well, like I said, things are quiet at first. But when
beings realize that they have to fight for resources now,
they get ugly. Before, when a being wanted something, he
simply became it. Now, he had to go find it, kill it and eat
it. There were a lot of screams and terrors then. Gaia
couldn't get any rest with everything screaming so.

"Along comes a human and solves the whole crisis.
Now, there's a lot of stories about where humans come
from and this is only one of them. Personally, I think all
the stories are true. I mean, there was no time yet. Every-
thing happened at once, so why can't everything happen
in a million different ways? Only after the Weaver could
there be one answer to everything.

"So this human proposes a contest to the animals. It's
sort of a pentathion thing, with all sorts of different tests.
There'd be different stages of winners, from first place to
second and on down. This would determine who got to eat
who. You know, the food chain.

"Of course, the human cheats. Some say he wasn't
human, but was one of the Coyote shifters, the Nuwisha.
That would make sense. But I think humans are plenty
crafty on their own. How he cheats at each event I don't
know, but he winds up winning all of them, steadily
placing above all the other animals.

"Some animals get suspicious and ask him what's up. He
gets nervous and breaks his rules a little, declaring ties in some
places. This is why predators, such as cats, get to eat humans
sometimes, but nobody else does, since they didn't tie."

"What a minute," John said. "This is all Uncle Remus
kind of stuff. Allegory. That's not what really happened.
I mean, survival of the fittest determines a lot of that... and
evolution. You know, science."

All the elders narrowed their eyes and looked at him
suspiciously. John shrugged. "Uh... what'd I say wrong?"

"Science!" Gavin cried. "Ha! Since when did science
ever explain your shapeshifting, boy!"

"Well, it simply hasn't turned its attention to us yet,
because of the Delirium."

"And thank Gaia for that! Don't you know that science
is of the Weaver and is the worst kind of Naming? The
Weaver was granted Gaia's Naming power when She got
tired of it, but the spider abused it. She gota little nuts with
the power, and started naming things with bigger names
but less meaning. Everything she names gets restricted,
calcified and dead. Naming is meant to give order to life,
to renew the Cycle, not to halt the great wheel of the
seasons. Don't you dare bring science to a moot like this.
You're a Theurge. You should know better."

Uncle shook his head. "He had a bad upbringing. My fault.
I was too busy chasing the Black Spiral Dancers under these
mountains while he was growing up. Now look at him."

20

Axis Mundi

"Oh, shush, the both of you," Suzy said. "He's a fine
boy. He's just got the same disease all his generation
has. He's got to unlearn his thinking, to clear the
cobwebs out of his mind and make way for some wilder-
ness up there."

"Right you are, Suzy," Silas said. "So let me continue
the tale and teach him right. Those allegories you talk
about, John, are more real than the diagrams you read in
those physics textbooks. They're what the spirit world is
all about. It's not flesh and bones and impacts and
trajectories. It's intent and meaningful and flesh in flux.

"I'm talking about legendary times here. Times of
heroes and adventures and monsters and glory. Every
being — and I say being because there's not yet any such
thing as spirit and matter — went exploring to discover
everything it could about Gaia's great earth. Spirit and
matter were one. Only after the Gauntlet rose was there
a separation.

"You see, each being was unique, gifted with a
secret from Gaia that was its own to keep or share as it
willed. Some beings took others under their wing, so
to speak, and taught them what they had been told by
Gaia in return for these other beings' secrets. Humans
had a great secret but didn't understand it. Bear took
it upon himself to help them understand. Thus, hu-
mans looked up to the Bear and gave it much honor
and sacrifice. But Bear, for all his charity and wisdom,
couldn't control the little beasts. Their secret was too
great and burned in their breasts, causing them to
spread all over seeking to release it.

"What was this secret? It was Naming, of course.
Humans were always favorites of the spider, and she
taught them some of her borrowed power. Of all the
animals, only humans can Name. This is a mighty
power, and one which has been so misused as to cause
the destruction of much that was wonderful and right in
the world after the Dawn."

"That's what mages are, nephew," Uncle said. "Namers.
Watch out for them. They don't know what they're doing.
They're mad just like the Weaver."

"But don't we Name when we use Gifts?" John said.

"No!" Uncle said. "Our power is only on loan. Spirits
lend us their powers, given to them when Gaia Named
them. We don't create this power, only channel it. All
things we do are as Gaia willed it. We do not speak
Names which She never spoke. That's utter arrogance. It
leads to ruin and destruction."

"Does the Wyrm have this power?"

"No," Gavin said. "But it corrupts. It uses humans to
create the Names it wants. Pollution, toxins, poisons, all
these were named by humans at the bidding of the Wyrm.
It twists their secret to its own uses."

"Enough of this dreary topic," Silas said. "I'm going to
move on."


Che Gauntlet

"This golden age was ended by the rise of the Gauntlet.
The Weaver went a little nuts and began weaving the
world wrong, putting some things on one side, others on
dhe otha: Shesinippeu! ahe spin fear same anal lat an:
matter, while stripping the matter from others and leaving
only spirit. Slowly, the Gauntlet — the wall between flesh
and spirit — grew thicker.

"It took a long time for it to grow as thick as it is today,
but the first appearance of it was the most disastrous. sp

ana! mater were rent apart arta! dite sureantr Carr vt
heard today in the Abyss, that dark pit that draws € ery-
thing which is lost to it. Don't listen to it if you éver are
there; shut your ears to the scream.

"Humans liked the effects of the Gauntlet, sar
most of them had no idea what it really meant. They were
left on the material side, and their secret gave them power
over it. Spirits had to rely on them more and more for a
as the worlds drew apart. Nothing can live without spirit,
but spirit cannot thrive without matter.

deypningdiheoular Gate hauloredainad Araniad to inkanmane
and prevent the Weaver from dividing the world. It failed.
You will hear a million arguments as to why. No one really
knows the answer. If we did, surely we could solve the
problem of corruption. But that is not so.

"Balance became corruption. The Wyrm was trapped in
the Weaver's Web. You know the rest of the story, all
Garouare told it and about the terror of those times, when
the Wyrm first turned to evil. Banes were born and
corrupted other spirits into joining them. They traced
actoss the worlds, both physical and spirit, ravaging all the
beings they encountered. In those days, spirits could still
easily cross between the worlds. Humans could even
wander into Spirit accidentally, not finding their way out
again for years.

"Tt was a bad time for all, and every being was scared.
Except the Garou. They were angry. They bit back when
the Wyrm reached its tendrils for them, and hounded it
hack to its lair. Their bravery and courage lifted the hearts
of all in those times. Except the humans, whose folly had
brought the Impergium down upon them. But the spirits
saw the Garou as protectors and defenders, and the Garou
needed spirits as allies, to teach them the powers of the
world so that they could bring an array of weapons to bear
against the Wyrm.

"Thus, the first totem alliances were made. In return for
protection from the marauders of the Wyrm, Totems
pledged the aid of their broods to the Garou, promising
| part of their secret lore to aid the fight.

"And so it has been since. Spirits teach us their Gifts
and we protect them from the Wyrm."

"The Wyrm was the Great Balancer, charged with

Mf ANT TE Maus,

The First Fetish(es)

"What about fetishes?" John asked. "Did they make
them then?"

"Oh, yes," Gavin said. "Fetishes were what spirits wanted
most Bat of hair hangs call aay we mater bur hey ae
denied bodies. Perhaps the greatest of magical acts was
that first fetish, that first reuniting of spirit and matter.
There are a lot of stories about the first fetish and what it
was, but there's one I like above all others.
©"A Garou named Great Song of the Morning > carved a
ste sang irany sums over it, mating i yenial
it with her on a long journey to the spirit
re encountered evil. Banes surrounded her
d crept in, thesting for her blood. But she

e would provide sustenance for another.
So she told them to come and take her
might be filled and lose their hunger
ed and advanced.

qwater elemental nearby heard this and was
moued.ar such a.sacrifice. Ir knew shar such a Garou was
rare and should not die, for she could bring wisdom to
many. So she flung herself up and flowed into Great Song
of the Morning's hand-carved bowl, crying: ‘Drink of me
instead! | am more nourishing.'

"The Banes grabbed the bowl from her hands and
sloshed the water down their throats. Instantly, their
thirst was satisfied. With their need assuaged, their anger
dropped from them, and they wandered off to slumber.

"Great Song of the Morning looked down at her bow!
and saw that it was still full. She wondered how this could
be, when the Water-spirit spoke to her: ‘I have become
one with your bowl so that you shall use me to extinguish
the fires of thirst in others, rather than your own blood.' It
was this act of sacrifice, unmeditated and immediate,
which allowed the fetish to be created. After that, the
power existed in the world, and other fetish unions fol-
lowed."

Unele shook his head and grimaced. "That would be
your favorite, and it's nice, but it's not true.'

Gavin smiled and leaned back. "Oh? And what is true?"

"The great Garou hunter, Arrowfoot, was out hunting
with his bow. He spied a tasty-looking deer and pulled
back his string, ready to shoot it in the heart. When
Atrowfoot shot, he always shot true and well, killing what
he hit instantly. But he was distracted by a Bane who
jumped from the Umbra to harass his prey right as he
loosed his arrow. The arrow missed its mark, hitting the
ribs rather than the heart, snapping off in the body. The
Bane stole the fallen deer's heart before Arrowfoot could
reach him. It flew off, cackling gleefully.

Chapter One: History

4

" a: "The deer moaned, still alive. Arrowfoot bent over it
and apologized, saying that if he had not been dis-
tracted, the heart would have been his, not the Bane's.
The deer told him to never mind, but to act quickly,
before the Bane was gone. He bid Arrowfoot to break

one of its ribs off and nock it to his bow. This rib would iA,
fly straight to the Bane's heart and deliver it a death

blow. Arrowfoot did as bid and aimed the rib at the far-

off Bane. Because he was Arrowfoot, the greatest of

Garou hunters, the arrow hit its mark. Now, the deer

put all of its dying spirit into the rib, causing it to drive

deep, impaling the Bane heart. The Bane yelled and

fell, dead before it hit the ground.

"The deer's heart was now Arrowtoor's, and he cooked
it and ate it sacramentally. But the rib was not broken
and it still held the spirit of the deer. Arrowfoot used it
forever after when hunting monsters, and the rib taught
other spirits how to hide in matter. That's the story of
the first fetish."

"That's not the one I heard," Suzy said. "But I won't

the story."
Uncle nodded and Gavin smiled.
"Allniahs "Silasscaid Suomen scimecodal about wart"

|

get into mine. It's getting late, and Silas better finish
The Tearing of the
Web

"Every cub knows about the results of the Impergium
and the War of Rage and the steady growth of the
Gauntlet. And most Garou know that things got at
their worst during the Industrial Revolution. But let
me tell you, the Gauntlet thickened so bad that many
Garou couldn't walk between the worlds. Some were
trapped in the Spirit World, and it was only after a
valiant combat against the new Pattern Spiders that
they broke through again.

"Pattern Spiders began to appear all over and quickly
built up factories in the Spirit World, thickening the
Gauntlet wherever they went. When some Garou
were able to break past these places, they gathered up
the Garou Nation, such as it was then, and readied to
fight back. A massive campaign was launched against
key Pattern Web foundations. The worst of them all
was the Scar.

"Garou nacks attacked en masse, fighning hack the
swarming spiders and launching themselves against the
calcified webbing. Using claw, fang and klaive, they cut
massive holes in the carefully wrought web. But only at
the cost of many lives. Too many heroes died there, but

cnane.in sain, Theinaucesscallynreaduibe Stay cuits
tether to the Penumbra and flinging it into the Near
Umbra, a separate realm from Earth. If it hadn't been for
this battle, who knows how bad things would be today?"


Coday

"Speaking of which, it's about time | wrapped this up.
Lsee Arn Guth Stormbright is calling everyone over to
hear him blow some wind out of his mouth."

"Silas!" Suzy said. "What a bad influence on the cub!"

John smiled. "It's no bother. I know it already."

Gavin chuckled. "Garou are a fractious group. They
wear too many skins to be otherwise." He looked at Uncle
as he said it. Uncle frowned.

"Allright, this is not over yet," Silas said. "I need tosum
up. After the Pattern Web war, which happened in many
different places despite my short summary, the Gauntlet
thinned a bit, but never as thin as it was before industry
spread across the world.

"It gets worse every year. As humans close their hearts
to the rest of the world and name it dead, it becomes so. If
only they would sing it alive again, then it would be so.
They have that power, if they united in it. But they are a
selfish bunch, concerned more with material survival than
the health of their spirit, not to say the spirits all around
them. They are not alone, like they believe. Friends are
everywhere. They have but to look and believe.

"The problem is that they believe in the bad spirits and
not the good. They all think they're going to hell and are
possessed, and this gives the Banes a doorway through
which to step.

"Ah, I'm sick of the telling of it. You know the rest of
the story, and what you don't know is best learned from the
spirits themselves. When you meet them, always ask for
their opinions on matters; you'll learn a lot. You're a
Theurge, so you've got a responsibility to them the others
don't. They know that and'll be expecting it. Don't let
them down. Others may not forgive you for it." He looked
at Uncle as he said this. Uncle looked away with a sad
expression on his face.

"Now get with the rest of your pack," Suzy said. "I
expect they'll be given some duty of note, and you should
be there to receive it with them."

"Thanks," John said. "I've got a better idea of where things
are coming from now. It's still a bit confusing, though."

"As it should be," Uncle said. "Pray you don't answer all
the mysteries. What's living for anyway?"

"Are you coming, Uncle?"

"No, you go without me. I'm going to sit here for a
while."

"Okay. Thanks a lot, all of you," John said as he stood
up and went to join his pack. The elders watched him
leave.

"He's a fine one," Silas said. "I'm glad you let me speak
for us."

Uncle didn't look at him. "It doesn't matter. The past
won't save him. It's today that matters."

"That doesn't sound like you, Uncle," Gavin said.
"Aren't you the one always saying how the old ways are
important not only to us but to them?"

"Of course. But if we fill cubs like him too full of that
he'll never forge his own path. He'll only mimic what's
been done before, and Gaia knows that's not good enough.
He and the rest of them have to make something new or
none of this is going to last."

The elders were silent, watching John join his pack
across the field. His friends slapped him on the back and
gave him hugs, excited at their new opportunities. Duties
were being handed out to young packs tonight which were
dangerous but important, and much renown was to be had.

Uncle shook his head and sighed. The fire popped and
crackled. An ember leapt out and landed in Uncle's lap.
He yelped and jumped up, trying to slap the glowing flame
away. [t danced off him and about on the ground, and all
the old Theurges heard it laugh.

Uncle smiled. "So, we're not alone here."

"You never are, Uncle," the flame replied, leaping left
and right and all over the place. "You act so oldsometimes,
I have to jump out and make you dance."

"Heh. But my fire dims, little flame. It is theirs which
burns bright," he said, looking at Little John and his pack.
He looked down at the spirit but saw that it had already
burned itself out, leaving mere ashes on the ground.

He looked back at his nephew, "Burn bright, young
Theurge, but burn long, so that we may all have light by
which to see for years to come."

\ nr ennereren sn reremenr

Y

Chapter One: History 23

lf PPA Es CPs ET ia LT tiem //

The power of the visible
is the invisible.
— Marianne Moore, "He ‘Digesteth Harde Yron"

Understanding Spirits

Take a deep breath and hold it. Then, close your eyes
and exhale slowly through your mouth.

Chances are good that was the first time today you
consciously thought about breathing. Most of us rarely
think about breathing. We can't even see the air that we
inhale (at least if we're lucky). If we didn't feel breezes and
see smoke, we might not ever realize that air is all around
us. If we didn't hold our breaths or choke upon occasion,
we might not know that if we stopped breathing for just a
few minutes, we would die.

The spirit world is like the air we breathe. Spirits float all
around us, but we rarely think about them. We violate their
territories, draw their attention and appreciate their works.
However, since we usually can't see them or feel them, we
barely know that they are present. Since we are almost never
without spiritual accompaniment, we don't realize how crucial

the spirits are to our continued existence. Without our ties to
the spirit world, we would die as certainly as if we didn't
Breathe. The only difference would'be that our physical' body
wouldn't die: We would suffer a spiritual death.

Spirits must be strongly present for most of us to notice
them. Have you walked through graveyards and felt some-
thing in your blood? It was probably a sense of peace or despair
from the spirits of the Dark Umbra which haunts such places.
In early spring, when the sky, trees and clouds conspire to
create a morning paradise, you can feel the life blossoming
around you. That is partially because spirits are celebrating
the rebirth of Gaia. Some humans are highly sensitive to the
spirit world, while others, desensitized by the modern world,
never feel the spirits. Since modern science doesn't accept
the spirit world, even when people recognize the presence of
spirits they often choose not to accept them.

Chapter Two: The Pact 25


cme A Af AEDT EL CE CA IE

While we are never alone, we do notice when spiri-
tual energy is lacking in the world around us. If you walk
through an antiseptic lab, you should fee! uncomfort-
able from the strong Gauntlet blocking the spirit world.
If you sit in a uniform brown or gray office underneath
pale fluorescent lights, you will feel a bit drained. Even
Glass Walkers, attuned to the Weaver's energies, know
that feeling of spiritual emptiness and desolation.
Whenever the Gauntlet is strong, separating us from
the Umbra, we feel isolated. We are spiritually cut off
from Gaia. Most Theurges believe that a lack of spiri-
tual interaction leads to Harano and madness.

Because we are Garou, our nature ties us to the
Umbra, the spirit world. We cannot ignore or deny our
connections to Gaia's brood. We cannot survive apart
from the Umbra. We need spiritual energy, Gnosis, to
curb our Rage and power our Gifts. Without Gaia's aid,
few of us could cling to sanity, and none of us could
experience true fulfillment and happiness. Our lives
would always feel empty and lack meaning.

Unlike breathing, interacting with spirits can be-
come very complicated. The Apocalypse will take place
throughout the Tellurian. Events in the Umbra could
be more important in determining our final fates than
events on earth. We must learn how to harness our own
spiritual energies, protect our ties to the Umbra and ally
ourselves with spirits who will aid us in the future. We
must learn how to defeat our spirit adversaries. We
cannot afford to ignore spirits.

Che Umbra

All spirits primarily dwell in the Umbra, although a
few lie dormant in the physical world, hidden away in
fetishes or bound to sites. We cannot understand spirits
without understanding their world. The Umbra coex-
ists with the physical world, but it also extends far
beyond the world's boundaries.

There are several different layers to the Umbra. The
Periphery touches the physical world. In the Periphery,
we can feel movements of the spirits on the other side
of the Gauntlet. The Gauntlet separates the physical
world from the rest of the Umbra. The Penumbra
coexists with the earth and contains a direct spiritual
representation of almost every physical object. The
Near Umbra encompasses known spirit realms, such as
the 13 Greater Realms. The Membrane separates the
Near Umbra from the Deep Umbra. The Deep Umbra
is a mysterious place which is home to the Triat. (For
more information, see Umbra: The Velvet Shadow,
Werewolf: The Apocalypse and Book of the Wyrm.)

Spirits are accustomed to surviving in the Umbra. In
many ways, living in the Umbra is like being a fish in the
ocean. The waters are vast. There are caves, underwater
mountains and coral reefs, analogous todomains and realms,
but if a predator finds you in the open waters, there's

26 Axis Mundi

LLL PET DS etnieey 7 /,

nowhere to hide. Food floats everywhere around — in the
form of ephemera and lesser spirits — just like a soup of
plankton fills the oceans. The Umbra's currents change
continuously making it necessary to find the proper airt, or
spirit path, to reach a destination. The static nature and
relative safety of the physical world confuses many spirits.

Many of us, especially those of the homid breed, look
at the Umbra as something of a fantasy realm, a place
that isn't quite as real as the physical world. This
mindset, strengthened by the Weaver's barrier between
the Umbra and Earth, takes years to break. The Umbra
is as real as the physical world, and in the War of the
Apocalypse, the battles which rage across the Umbra
may be more important than those on this side of the
Gauntlet. In order to understand spirits, you must
envision earth as the fantasy world and the Umbra as
the ultimate reality. That is the mindset of most spirits.

These statements ate broad generalizations, and
Garou should rely on their own experiences with the
Umbra. Visiting a spirit's habitat is the best way to learn
about that spirit's life. Spirits, like animals, all have their
own ways of surviving the Umbra. There are more spirits
than anyone knows, at least one for each living being,
including plants. Most of the spirits that Garou will deal
with on friendly terms are members of Gaia's brood. All
of Gaia's spirits share certain characteristics.

Slumber

Spirits spend the majority of their existence in Slum-
ber. They become like ephemera, the inert spiritual
material which composes the structure of the Umbra.
Theurges have awakened spirits by expending their own
spiritual energy into the environment around them. The
active spirits that travelers encounter are only a small
portion of the true number of entities in the Umbra.

During Slumber, the primary essences of Gaia's spirits
merge with Gaia's consciousness. In many ways, their
spirit bodies become inactive and actual spirits tempo-
rarily rejoin Gaia. After the time spent as part of the
Celestine, which is much like our dreaming, spirits
reawaken renewed and revitalized. Slumber is one of the
major ways in which spirits sustain themselves.

As the Apocalypse nears, a greater number of Gaia's
spirits fade into Slumber. As the Wyrm and Weaver sap
Gaia's strength, as her animal children die out and as the
humans forsake her, the amount of Gnosis in the world
diminishes. Without Gnosis to reawaken them, Gaia's
spirits become lifeless and forgotten ephemera. Spirits
are dying. Whether this is because Gaia cannot restore
all of her brood to awareness or because slumbering
spirits are calcified by the Pattern Web or devoured by
the Wyrm's unknown. No one, spirit or Garou, claims to
understand the exact reasons. We only know that the
Apocalypse is coming. For all of Gaia's brood, maintain-
ing enough Gnosis to survive is the order of the day.


came a IA

Spiritual Sustenance

Spirits draw power from different sources. Gaia gives
energy to her slumbering children. When Garou per-
form a rite, the participants feed the invoked spirits
with their expended Gnosis.

Ties to the physical world seem to help spirits main-
tain their power. It is possible that they need the

A
physical world for the same reasons that we need the
Umbra. Physical objects with spirit symbols or loca-
tions dedicated to the spirits allow them to draw upon
the energies of living beings to restore themselves.
Spirits may hunt other spirits, consuming them for the
Gnosis they contain. This survival of the fittest seems
limited to certain locations and exists only between

and within certain brood groups. Members of family
broods do not want a war consuming all of the spirits
within Gata's greater brood. Such a calamity would
bring on the Apocalypse even faster.

Gnosis comes in various flavors, depending on the
source of the power. Few spirits can use any type of
Gnosis. Most spirits have limitations on the Gnosis
they can use. Some Charms can convert spiritual en-
ergy of one sort to another, such as Wyrm-tainted
power into life-giving energies of Gaia through Purify
the Blight.

Spirit Broods

All of Gaia's spirits belong to spirit families called
broods. Each individual brood belongs to the greater
collective brood that incorporates all of Gaia's chil-
dren. Therefore, all spirits of Gaia are related. They
think of themselves as related, much in the way we see
the Garou Nation. We know we are one people, but
that does not prevent us from fighting along breed,
tribal or pack lines.

Most spirits only recognize the brood as that of all
spirits connecting with one of the Incarna. Each
Incarna maintains vast numbers of spirits, and several
of them hold gatherings of their broods in times of
great strife. The brood of an Incarna is analogous to a
tribe of Garou.

Jagglings are the spirits below Incarna in broods.
Each Jaggling will have numbers of Gafflings who
work in their service. The immediate ties between
Gafflings and Jagglings are often the strongest, such as
between the Master of the Wild Hunt and his Hounds
(see Werewolf: The Apocalypse for details).

When dealing with spirits, Garou should be careful
to consider the feelings of the spirit's broodmates.
Offending a member of a spirits' brood can result in
bad feelings between the entire group of spirits and the
honor, roughly equivalent to joining a pack.

yy Garou. Being adopted as a member of a brood is a high

Wf a Ca ee

Spiritual Matures

The White Hart raced over the moonpaths, his ephemeral
breath steaming back through the Umbra, making his way back
to the ancient caern. He did not think so much as act. Stag
wanted him to lead a young Fianna to the lost Spear of the
Garou hero, Conn, once an ally of the Hart.

As the White Hart approached the silken steel Gauntlet,
he spied his target, a faint blurred wolf loping through the
forests of Gaia's realm. The White Hart closed his dark
eyes, focusing his power to make the leap from the Umbra
through the hard structure of the Gauntlet. With a discon-
certing snap, he broke through the web. He took a deep
breath and reoriented himself. The limitations of the mate-
rial form were uncomfortable.

He saw the wolf. The White Hart made certain that the
Garou saw him as well. The spirit turned slowly, remem-
bering Stag's admonition to allow the Garou to give chase.
Then he sensed Wyrm-taint on the Garou.

The White Hart started. Did Stag know about the taint?
Was this a trap for him? The spirit would not diminish the
memory of Conn, his fallen friend, by leading a corrupted
wolf to the spear.

"Windchaser?" barked the Garou. As he heard his true
name, the White Hart looked at the Garou and saw Conn's
blue-gray eyes.

Every spirit embodies an aspect of Gaia's creation.
More powerful spirits, such as Incarna, correspond to
many different aspects of Gaia. This purpose, or spiri-
tual correspondence, colors most of the spirit's actions
and governs the spirit's decisions. A spirit cannot ig-
nore his purpose any more than you or I could stop
breathing. It's possible, but rather unhealthy.

Although spirits have basic natures determined by
the aspects of reality they represent, individual spirits
have their own personalities. They may also have dif-
ferent abilities or Charms from other spirits of their
type, because they each represent their own unique
aspect of Gaia's creation.

Material Correspondences

All spirits have ties to the material world. Cer-
tain symbols, items, articles of clothing and actions
draw a spirit closer to earth. Clever Garou will learn
much about the material correspondences of the
spirits with whom they interact. Simply using a
spirit's proper symbol in a Rite of Summoning can
predispose the spirit to favor the Garou. Dressing in
appropriate clothing can set a spirit at ease. Story-
tellers should let characters reduce their difficulty
numbers by | or 2 points when dealing with spirits
if they use the proper material correspondences.

Spirits are not humans or wolves. Spirits don't truly age.
They don't live or die; they experience periods of aware-
ness and slumber. The personality traits of a spirit may
seem familiar, but a Garou should always remain cautious.
Even a friendly spirit may have sets of values which seem
cruel or inhuman by the standards of the living.

Spirit Yames

To be completely secure with a spirit, a Garou must know
the spirit's name. Spirits only give their true names willingly,
because these names give one great power over the spirit.
Most spirits would cease to exist before revealing their names
to an enemy. Ifa spirit reveals her true name to a Garou, that
wolf has a friend in whom he can place absolute trust. The
common names for spirits are never their true names.

A spirit cannot resist rites or Gifts that invoke its true
name. Spirits only give their names as signs of absolute
trust or in payment for a debt. They expect the name to be
kept secret. A Garou who abuses a spirit's name will earn
that spirit's enmity. Greater spirits have more than one
name, and all of the names must be known in order to
compel the spirit without resistance.

Spirit Taboos

All spirits have taboos which limit their abilities. Some
taboos are more of a hindrance than others. Almost all
taboos serve some purpose in Gaia's plan. They keep more
powerful spirits from running amok in the Umbra and
causing great conflicts between different families of spirits.
Taboos also seem to be linked to a spirit's purpose. In this
way, they help keep the spirit on track and properly directed
toward its tasks. Each spirit's taboo may be slightly different
from those possessed by others of its kind.

(Designing Unique Spirits

Storytellers may consider embellishing their
chronicles by individualizing the spirits in the
Werewolf: The Apocalypse game. Here are some
guidelines: Remember that spirits are tied to basic
aspects or events which guides their actions. Indi-
vidual spirits should not have a basic Trait more
than one point different from the standard, high or
low. The new spirit's power should be within five
points of the original. An individual spirit shouldn't
possess more than two additional Charms.

Each individual spirit should have a true name,
known to the Storyteller. Some Storytellers may even
give their spirits Natures and Demeanors. Personaliz-
ingspirits who havea large role inachronicle enhances
the play, just as developing any character will.
Creative Storytellers may create their own spirit-
based Natures, Demeanors and special Charms.

28 Axis Mundi

J at inimeien etimnneteeey


a on
aya) " BS

oy,

y
—_——

ZK | Z
Nig Com Nn Rok

YS yl dif WH

yy

f yy Wy WI
WZ /)

AT ,

i

-
\

Spiritual Advantages and
(Disadvantages

Spirits have several advantages over the living.
They don't die. They all have a purpose. They know
where they belong in the grand scheme of things,
although they may not be aware of the significance of
their roles. They all have families or broods. Many of
them have wisdom collected from ages of awareness.

Spirits also have several disadvantages. As the physi-
cal world changes, it affects them dramatically. Spirits
are unable to adapt as quickly as living beings. They
don't possess the personal resources of the living. They
can't change the nature of their being. Whatever aspect
of reality a spirit embodies, it changes only if that aspect
changes. Spirits also have difficulty understanding the
importance of events in the physical world.

What can spirits do for Garou? They make formi-
dable allies — think about the Wild Hunt arriving at
an enemy's door. By entering a fetish, a spirit can add
his strength to our own. Spirits teach us about Gaia's
design. Totem spirits guide our tribes and packs,
granting us Gifts, strength, wisdom. Caern spirits
euard our homes and grant us precious Gnosis. You
get the point.

Fn

l

1 / ; "N
| SS

Spiritual Pacts

A pact is a bond between a Garou and one of Gaia's
spirits. Pacts are part business contract and part friend-
ship. The stronger the pact, the more both parties benefit.
Garou and spirits form many different types of pacts.

In developing a bond with a spirit, a Garou should
be careful to approach the proper spirit. Some young
Garou head off on their own aislings with little knowl-
edge and try to collect spirit allies. This method of
finding potential allies is one of the leading causes of
dead first rank Theurges. Many times, even if a Garou
is successful, she finds herself obligated to numbers of
spirits who have no ability to aid her.

I know other, more survivable methods of locating
potential spirit allies. First, consult with elders and
explain what you seek. If you don't know what you seek
to accomplish, then you should not aimlessly venture
into the Umbra. The elders may introduce you or give
you advice on what type of spirits could help you. Use
any advice or contacts you receive. This method doesn't
work for some tribes, such as Get of Fenris or Shadow
Lords; they prefer for the strong to work things out
themselves. Another approach is to meditate at a safe
location in the Umbra, focusing on yourself. The medi-
tation often leads to the discovery of anamae.

Chapter Two: The Pact 29

ee

iY'

L


ae

TAM Meek

Anamee are spirit-friends that have strong personal ties to
a Garou. They are your personal spirit aspects. Examples of
anamae are Heart Guides, granted to every Garou by the
Unicorn, and Moonshadows, spirits who watch over us for
Luna. Most Garou don't even know that these spirits exist.
Taking the time to cultivate a relationship between yourself
and an anamae results in immediate benefits. A Garou who
knows her anamae carries around an active spirit whocan give
her warnings, advice, instruction and who may fight for her.

Once you've found a spirit, pay it the proper respect. If youare
not familiar with acceptable chiminage, ask the spirit what it
desires, and be honest with it. Lying to spirits is alwaysdangerous,
even when you must. Reveal as little as possible about yourself
and your true allies during an initial meeting. If a spirit takes a
dislike to you, then avoid dealings with him in the future. There
are a myriad of spirits in the Umbra, far too many for you to ever
encounter a significant number of them. Don't waste your time
with the difficult ones unless they have something extremely
valuable to offer. Your effort is better spent elsewhere.

Personal Pacts

The Pentex First Team lowered their silver-loaded shotguns at
the cornered Crinos. Skyhowler was in agony. He could hear blood
dripping from his wounds. He'd dug the silver out with his own
claws, buthe wouldn'theal for hours. He waited for the inevitable.

The ugly fomor with the bloated yellow left eye and worm-
infested drool pulled the cigar from his lips, clearing his throat.
Skyhowler suddenly felt a sense of hope. He decided to take

advantage of the moment and closed his eyes.

ren!

tel

"So, you flea-ridden rabid mutt, how does it feel to be the
hunted? Those wounds of yours, they won't heal. Silver's an
ugly thing for you. You're alone, and no packmates will find
you. There's no way out."

"Never... alone," growled Skyhowler softly.

"Lemme guess. You've got ‘Gaia' with you? What good
does that do?"

Skyhowler opened his eyes and nodded as the Heart Guide
materialized and hit the First Team from the rear. As they
turned, he leapt and drove his claws into that fat yellow eye. He
was rewarded with a satisfying splash of ichor.

A personal pact involves only two beings: you and a spirit.
In principle, it is the simplest type of pact, although in practice,
personal pacts can become quite involved. Such a relationship
works best when it becomes a deep, abiding, mutual respect
and concern built on years of trust: in other words, when the
personal pact crosses over the line intoa true friendship. When
this occurs the spirit will probably offer its true name to the
Garou. Such a goal is unlikely — but an admirable aspiration.

A personal pact isn't something entered into easily. In
many ways, the relationship works like a marriage. You have
to sacrifice your time and energy and dare to be honest and
vulnerable. The pact takes effort and energy. Breaking a
personal pact risks the enmity of the spirit involved. If the
relationship goes poorly, the spirit may initiate the breakup.
If a personal pact starts fraying, the Garou should act as
honorably as possible, and try to do everything to make
certain that it ends on good terms. Having a former spirit ally
as an enemy can be a nightmare.


em OD DD gf OAPI Ca

Pack Totems

The young group of Garou sat in a semicircle around the fountam
at the center of the Liberty Cae. Tears-of-Gaia, the Master of the
Rite, raised her hands as the music of the Galliards stopped. The Eagle,
caern spirit of the Sept of Liberty, spread his wings above her. She
looked to the pack. Skyhowler, a Child of Gaia Theurge, moved from
the semicircle to Tears. He knelt before her, the ritual paint of the
Liberty sept glistening in the reflected light from the Eagle's avatar.
Looking at his elder's feet, he raised up a woven rope toward her.

"Weasktobecome apack. This rope contains the woven fur of each
ofus. Woven together , itis stronger than the fur of any single member."

Tears spoke to him as the Eagle's wings beat softly in the air above.
"What spirit do you call as your pack totem?"

Skyhowler looked up to the Eagle. "We recognize the Eagle as the
totem of our sept. We ask that he speak for us in our search for a pack
totem. The members of our pack believe that Lion best represents us."

Tears-of-Gaia looked up to the mighty Eagle. The spirit shrieked in
agreement. A moment passed, and then a great roar came from the
fountam, andall presentknew thaton thatday, the Lion Packhadbeenbom.

The most intimate pacts formed by Garou and spirits
aren't personal: They are the pacts formed by a pack and
its totem spirit. Packmates share a bond that transcends
most relationships. Our packbrothers and sisters are our
true family. We trust each of them with our lives.

The totem spirit which watches over each pack is a member
of the brood of an Incarna. It shares the spirits of all members of
the pack, their feelings, beliefs and passions. The totem unifies
the pack. The pack cannot exist without its totem, and by its
nature, the totem cannot exist without the pack itrepresents. As
the pack gains glory, honor and wisdom, the pack totem gains
prestige and power in the Umbra. The relationship between a
pack and its totem spirit is intricate, but again, it's fairly easy to
understand. The more that pack members care for their totem
spirit, the more the spirit becomes capable ofaiding and teaching
the Garou, strengthening the pack even more.

The process of choosing a totem spirit is almost an act of
joint creation by the members of a pack. The newly formed
pack will petition Incarna and other great spirits in order to
find a spirit that will become its pack totem. Once a spirit
accepts the responsibility of becoming the pack totem, the
pack forms. The ritual changesall of the participants. Through
the creation of the pack bond, the spirit and the Garou make
something stronger than any of them individually.

Although it is possible for others to be recognized as
members of a pack, a true pack member must share the strong
spiritual tie with the pack totem. Only a living Awakened
being, such as a Garou, changeling or mage can become part
of the pack. In many ways, a pack works like a spirit brood.

Spirits can become a Garou's packmates. The Silent Strid-
ers sometimes tell stories of the Scarab pack, which contained
the spirit of one of the fallen pack members. If this happens, the
spirit must reveal his or her true name to all packmates, and
become a subservient member of the pack totem's brood. Since
most spirits already belong to broods, the possibility of any but
a highly unusual spirit joining a pack is infinitesimal.

Chapter Two: The Pact

0 EE PS TS tier //,

Caern spirits and Septs

Aeric would escape. It was only a matter of time. These
werewolves all around him were savage, frightening creatures who
could reduce him to ribbons of red meat in a few short moments, but

he would find a wa topped Aeric
Gunnars blackouts
nor the bat knew he
should be a; blew snow

from the glacier into his eyes as he lay bound.

A gray wolf trotted past him and the nine-foot monstrosities
stepped out of its path. The gray wolf stopped in front of a piece of
black ice. Then, the wolf threw his head back and howled. With a
terrible crack, the ice split. A wind rose up through the ice and snow,
and the wind had eyes, eyes that stared directly at Aeric. He knew
then that he'd never escape.

The spirits that inhabit caerns have pacts with their septs.
In exchange for access to the caern and its energies, the Garou
protect the site and tend to the needs of the caern spirit. These
needs vary with the spirit, but they are generally placated with
dramatic rites which tell the stories of the spirit. The sept
officer, the Keeper of the Land, takes care of the sept site.

Caern spirits can make other demands on their septs,
besides guardianship and stewardship. Some caern spirits ask
the members of the sept to provide them with sacrifices of
precious items. Other caern spirits demand that their septs
kill a certain number of the Wyrm's minions every month.

Caern spirits do not make great demands of their septs.
Unlike free-floating spirits in the Umbra, caern spirits are tied
tolocales in the physical world. They cannot move their caerns
or leave them. They need the Garou in order to survive as
much as the Garou need the caerns.

The spirits of caerns may belong to broods or have broods of
their own. In some instances, all of the totems of packs at a sept
belong to that caern spirit's brood. Tribal septs often form around
a caern warded by a tribal totem's brood member. If a Garou
belongs to a sept, she should not overlook the possible spiritual
contacts and knowledge that could be gained from her own caern.

Cribes and Cotems

Tribes have their own totems, all of which are Incarna. Each
tribe has a pact with its totem, forged in ages past. In exchange
for acknowledgment and respect from the tribe as a whole, the
tribal cotem watches over and aids the tribe.

An individual Garou belonging to a tribe has many advan-
tages, among which are a type of extended family, access to
tribal Gifts and tribal Umbral realms, and contacts with the
totem's brood. Since Tribal Totems are among the most
powerful of spirits, they have the largest broods.

The pact between a Garou and his tribal totem is a simple
one. As long as the Garou agrees to respect the traditions of his
tribe and honor his tribal totem, then the totem will accept
him. Thebond betweenaGarouandhertribe's totem is strong,
but it can never be a relationship between equals. To the
Garou, a Tribal Totem is almost a deity.

31


a ite
i"

{.

The higher in rank a Garou rises, the closer she comes
to her Tribal Totem. As she gives her tribe Renown, she
improves her totem's position in Gaia's brood. The
Tribal Totem takes more notice of her, and is far more
willing to come to her aid or send other spirits to
intercede on her behalf.

Spirits and the Garou Yation

The Garou as a whole are part of Gaia's brood. They
ranean Ginie sae andl fri iharuhtaae sya qa
the Triat and other invaders. Other spirits of Gaia recog-
nize all Garou as allies against the Triat-spirits. Only a
werewolf who gives herself over to the Triat, such as a
Black Spiral Dancer or an Abomination, violates this
pact. If that happens, all spirits of Gaia will recognize the
former brood member as an enemy.

Spiritual Chiminage

Chiminage means that in return for a request being
honored, you will honor a request from the being aiding
you. Like more traditional Garou, spirits expect that
Garou pay chiminage in return for any services. If you
are not ready to pay a price for a request, then you are
not ready to make that request. Understanding how
chiminage works is essential in developing a relation-
ship with a spirit.

First, chiminage is a sign of respect and courtesy. A
Garou who fails to offer chiminage to a spirit commits
a breach of etiquette. She basically shows the spirit that
she considers its aid worthless. At the least, the spirit
will probably not give its aid. At the worst, the spirit
will feel insulted and attack the Garou and her compan-
ions. Many ignorant young cubs go about the Umbra
insulting dozens of spirits without ever realizing what
they are doing.

Chiminage can serve as a means of redemption. In this
case, the Garou offers to honor a spirit's request as a way
of making up for an insult or crime he had committed.
For violators of caerns or Garou who break with their
packs, this type of chiminage allows them to avoid more
unfavorable resolutions.

Chiminage may also be offered or used as a means of
empowerment. Gifts may be freely given to improve a
Garou's standing with a spirit, or to strengthen a friendly
spirit. Some Garou perform requests for spirits to make
sure that the spirits "owe" them a favor. Some spirits also
have the goal of teaching, giving Garou petitioners expe-
rience in their choices of chiminage requests. Powerful
allies make an individual more powerful.

With any type of chiminage, a deed should be paid
for by a deed of equal or greater value. This can result
in games of one-upmanship between a spirit and a
Garou over the course of a lifetime. These arrange-
ments are almost always beneficial to both parties.

wae


ome fhe

Englings

Englings are special spirits which Gaia dispatches
to help her brood renew their spiritual energy.
Englings are meant as sacrifices. When an Engling
dies, it gives its Gnosis to its slayers. This is an
Engling's entire purpose; they die happily. Incarna
of Gaia's brood have Gafflings that serve similar
functions, serving as either physical or spiritual
sustenance for those who need it. It is proper to give
thanks to Gaia and the Engling for the sacrifice. No
unique or individual Engling spirits are recorded in

the Silver Record.

Violating and Breaking Pacts

Fangpick Rumplefur sat down next to his favorite dumpster
and sighed contentedly. Thrown-out Chinese food was one of
the Bone Gnawer's favorites. He yawned. Sleepy time, he
thought. Better than doing what that little Rat Gaffling had
wanted him to do. Scoping out the Sewage Treatment Plant,
because the spirit was concerned that it might house a Hive of
Black Spirals: that sounded suicidal. Who did the little rat think
he was — the Tribal Totem himself? Sure, he'd gotten some
info about the city's Leeches from the Gaffling, and the little
beast had devoured a Bane. But that was kid stuff. Hardly

worth risking his neck over.

Fangpick yawned again. Then, he heard something that
made one of his lazy ears perk up. A squeaking noise, maybe.
Like the stupid Rat-spirit, but louder. He stood up and trotted
out from behind the dumpster.

A sea of angry rats with frothing mouths swarmed over him.

Pacts are made and pacts are broken. It happens every day.
A spirit goes into Slumber and forgets his responsibility. A
Garou decides she doesn't want to honor aspirit's request and
ignores it. One side or the other comes to the conclusion that
it's time for the relationship to end. When all parties come to
a mutual agreement that the pact is dissolved, there are no
difficulties, save a possible lingering sense of resentment.
Difficulties come when one side violates a pact.

When a Garou wrongs a spirit, the spirit may take
several actions. In most circumstances, the spirit will do
nothing except treat the Garou with hostility and inform
his brood members of the Garou's ill faith. If the Garou
gives a valid excuse for violating the pact and pays
chiminage, most spirits will forgive the pact-breaker.

If a Garou discovers that she cannot fulfill her duties
promised to a spirit, she should inform the spirit as soon as
possible. Many times, spirits will choose other requests which
their allies can accomplish. Attempting a task and failing to
have the ability to complete it is not considered a violation
of a pact, except by the most cruel and ill-tempered spirits.

Ifa Garou endangers a spirit by not honoring a pact, her
punishment will be extreme. A spirit might haunt the

Az a (ne

ey
:
eaagt

aa

on ee

Pare
ay vere

rarer
ert

es
wae

agg?

a:


Garou, taunting her and generally making her life as
difficult as possible. The spirit might summon members of
her brood to attack the Garou. Other spirits prefer to curse
the Garou or declare them anathema among other spirits.

Ifa Garou is haunted by a spirit, he may find it to be more
trouble than it's worth. The spirit will attempt to avoid doing
any permanent damage to the Garou or his life. If the
werewolf tries to lead a normal life among humans or wolves,
the spirit will appear and interrupt conversations or distract
the Garou at inopportune times. The spirit will hide small
items, such as articles of ritual clothing, earrings or car keys.
If the Garou goes hunting, the spirit will scare away game.
Some particularly annoying spirits will constantly taunt and
goad a Garou into frenzies until he relents and agrees to pay
chiminage and redeem himself. If the Garou attacks the spirit
during this process, he will only escalate things.

Anattack will take one of three forms: It may be a false
attack, meant to scare the Garou into realizing that pacts
are serious and the spirit means business. In this case, the
Garou will not actually be attacked. In the example of the
above story, the rats would swarm around and over Fangpick
or just stare at him hungrily for a while to let him know
that he can't violate a pact with impunity.

Secondly, it may be an attack to harm or maim the Garou,
but ultimately, the spirit hopes to teach her a lesson and set
a precedent. These attacks are usually followed by a mono-
logue from the spirit. Sometimes it will kidnap the Garou and
take her to one of the various Umbral realms as punishment.
Erebus is a popular choice, although Charyss is quick to
remove those who don't truly belong in her domain.

Only in the most extreme circumstances — such as a
Garou betraying Gaia and becoming a Black Spiral Dancer
— will a spirit try to kill a Garou. If this occurs, the spirit
will summon the most powerful members of its brood and
former allies of the Garou to hunt her down and slay her.

Chiminage Chart

Chiminage can take a variety of forms depending on
the spirit's personality, mood and the nature of the
Garou's request. Here are some basic guidelines:
Request Possible Chiminage
Information Request for General Information
Request fora material item with

significance to the spirit

Travel Guidance

Fight for the Garou
against weaker foe Donation of Gnosis or the
Garou offering to help

against a spiritual foe

eemnee Ig LNT TA LT DF CE CR IES

Curses

Curses are the favorite punishments of more powerful
spirits. Any type of spirit with significant ties can invoke
a curse. They do so by appealing to the Incarna or the
Celestines to curse the Garou in their name.

Curses come in a number of varieties and last for
varying degrees of time. A spirit may curse a Garou until
the following moon, for the rest of the Garou's life or until
acertain condition has been met, suchas offering chiminage
to the offended or angered spirit. The Incarna responsible
may also lift a curse at any time.

Curses have differing intensities and effects. Some
curses are relatively mild, but can often go unrecognized
as curses (such as milk souring in the Garou's vicinity or
the Garou discovering a bee in every flower he sniffs).
Other curses may have direct effects on their target, such
as causing the afflicted to break out in hives, smell badly
or have splotches appear on her fur. The most powerful
curses will cause the Garou to lose her teeth, have
rampant bad luck (increased difficulty numbers on all
rolls) or to be marked with a symbol as an enemy of
spirits. Such curses can prove fatal.

Most curses have a significance to them which
identifies the spirit responsible. A fire elemental might
curse a target so that she cannot start fires or so that she
might gets singed every time she approached a flame.
A member of Fenris' brood might curse a werewolf to
suffer in battle, reducing the difficulty of hostile dam-
age rolls by 1.

Lifting Curses

What does a werewolf do if he has become the target
of an unjust curse? What recourse does she have if she
doesn't know who she's offended or what pact she's
violated? How does she find a way to defend herself
against fickle spirits of Gaia?

The best defense against a spirit is another spirit. If
a Garou is in good standing with her tribal totem, she
can appeal to it for assistance. Depending on the cir-
cumstances and the chiminage she offers, the Incarna
may remove the curse placed upon the werewolf. Some-
times other spirits, such as a Garou's pack totem, mediate
or intervene by informing the target of her offenses and
measures that would lift the curse (chiminage to the
spirit invoking the curse). A werewolf may also plead
her case before the Incarna who caused the curse.
Eloquent and just Garou may have the curse lifted and
choose a fitting punishment for the spirit who re-
quested that they be cursed.

Teaching a Gift Undertaking a quest or per- Sometimes, the Garou may settle the matter in a
forming a rite depending on manner appropriate to the Ways: a fight. In this case,
the level of the Gift, Oath of the accursed should confront the spirit and issue a
Secrecy and promise of future challenge. Traditionally, a spirit may choose a cham-
homage to the spirit pion to fight the Garou. Such battles are fought in the
34 Axis Mundi

is tier /


‘%

i

q

n
i .

presence of a mutually acceptable judge, often a high-
ranking Philodox or powerful Jaggling of Respect. The
judge's decision as to when the battle ends and the
victor is final. This method is popular among some
tribes, such as the Shadow Lords, and can resolve many
conflicts between spirits and Garou.

Mages reputedly can undo a curse. However, any
Garou who went around the community of spirits to
seek the help of a mage would be looked upon poorly. A
more acceptable alternative would be to find a powerful
fetish or artifact which could break the curse. Any
Garou who endures the Silver River of Erebus will have
a curse upon her dispelled.

Gifts

Aeric was slowly adjusting to his new life as a Get of
Fenris. It was a harsh, yet fulfilling existence. He watched
some of the Ahrouns, sparring with one another. A large
brute named Tyr Thunderson stood in the midst of three
others, rooted to the ground with a strength that seemed
unnatural, even for a werewolf. One of the elders walked
over to Aeric and stared at him with cold blue eyes.

"Do you have a question about how the Ahrouns fight,
cub?" she asked.

Aelred... that was her name. Aeric had learned enough in
his first weeks here to know not to speak unless he was spoken

Chapter Two: The Pact

0 POEL, SP Ss en a

; Wir Vine
. AN)

SA, 7

rms ~,

to. Although he tried not to show it, he was pleased that Aelred
had given him the chance to ask. He nodded toward Tyr.

"Nothing can move him. How does he do that?" asked Aeric.

"Tyr has a great Gift that allows him to stand, taught to him
by the spirits of the very earth," Aelred stated emphatically.

Without thinking, Aeric asked another question, "How
does a werewolf learn Gifts?"

Spirits instruct the Garou, teaching them the Gifts
which help Gaia's defenders in their continual battles. The
practice of Gift-teaching cements a Garou's ties to the
spirit world, exposing her to a variety of different spirits.

When a werewolf wishes to learn a Gift, he must start
by locating a spirit to teach the Gift. Sept elders will often
help young Garou find worthy spirit teachers. In many
septs, the Master of the Rite has the duty of teaching cubs
about spirits and the Umbra. Determining the type of
spirit needed to teach a specific Gift isn't difficult. Totem
spirits will also guide Garou to appropriate mentors.

Spirit-teachers often do not accept chiminage. If the
werewolf agrees to revere his teacher and follow through
with his learning, the teacher will be satisfied. The
process of instruction offers many opportunities for the
Garou to obey his teacher's requests.

The teacher-student relationship is one of the most
enduring and powerful bonds between spirits and Garou.
Many spirits start to regard their pupil as a child and
themselves as that child's parent. By accepting a pupil,

35

iis


the spirit ties his own renown to that pupil's achieve-
ments. The success of the student reflects the wisdom of
the teacher.

The most revered teachers among spirits are very
particular about who they choose to instruct. Some-
times, a young Garou will have to pass tests of knowledge
and skill before a spirit will agree to teach her. Spirit
instructors take great pride in the successes of their
students, and some see the students as extensions of
themselves. They will share their views of the universe
with a student, imparting the pupil with the impor-
tance of the teacher's purpose in the grand scheme.

Spirit-teachers want their students to learn to re-
spect and value Gaia and Her wonders. Some of the
most unusual requests that these spirits make are just
attempts to make certain that their charges appreciate
the wrankdarond them A fananize scary amang Galliants
tells of how a young Philodox scaled an icy cliff-face
one evening, charged to retrieve a small wildflower
which grew at the top of the peak. After climbing most
of the night to reach the top, she was so exhausted that
she collapsed upon reaching her goal. She picked the
flower and just stared out as the sun rose across the
grand valley below her. That sunrise was the most
beautiful thing she had ever seen. Her spirit-teacher
appeared to her and asked her if she had the strength to
climb back down. She replied that she was uncertain,
but that she would try.

The spirit responded that there was no need: A small
path wound down along the side of the cliff. When she
asked why he hadn't told her about the path in the first
place, he informed her that he had to make sure she
would be exhausted. Otherwise she might not have
watched the sunrise.

Keeping Secrets

Once a Garou has learned a Gift, he pledges not to
reveal its secrets to others. Only spirits may teach their
Gifts, and Garou who try to teach Gifts instruct their
students improperly, angering spirits and insulting Gaia.
Sometimes, spirits of the Triat are called upon through
improper teaching. These spirits corrupt young students.

Only Garou, the other shapechangers and a few Kin-
folk are capable of learning Gifts. Even those Kin who
can learn a few Level One Gifts (and these are never the
ones who are capable of true magick) have only a tenous
connection to the spirit world. If Embraced by a vampire,
a Kinfolk loses that connection on the moment of death.
Gifts are just that: Gaia's gifts to those who would defend
Her, and the Wyrm's gifts to its most favored children.
The ancient pact holds true only for the Changing
Breed, who accepted a tremendous responsibilty in the
earliest times. No other creatures were so honored, nor
shall they ever be.

Se


eel

pe A ae

Learning Gifts in a Chronicle

A lot goes on in the course of a chronicle. Many
Storytellers, especially those with larger groups of play-
ers, don't want to spend the time and energy to come up
with different quests or deeds that need to be performed
so that a player can gain a Gift. Sometimes roleplaying
the Gift-learning process can disrupt a chronicle's regu-
lar flow.

There are several options open to Storytellers. First,
the spirit-teaching requirements of learning Gifts can be
dropped from the game. This causes Werewolf to lose a
certain amount of the mystique that makes Garou
different from superheroes or furry mutants, but if it
allows a chronicle to stay focused on its themes and
plotlines, so be it.

A second technique allows the majority of teaching to
go on during downtime. When the Storyteller needs a
subplot to drive the chronicle, she can run a story focused
on the teaching or start a story about the teacher sending
astudent on an appropriate quest.

A third option is to have the pack totem teach all pack
members their Gifts. This has some of the same limita-
tionsas the first option, but it allows the Storyteller to run
teaching sessions that involve all the players. It also has
the benefit of allowing the Storyteller to develop the pack
totem as a character.

Some other ideas include only having different spirits
teach more powerful Gifts, using elder Garou to teach
Gits, ar naling the chaanar wo ar Uleaheal vininr
quests when they try to gain Gifts and letting their
actions dictate which Gifts they learn. Of course, noth-
ing says that a Storyteller can't use spirit-teachers as
presented.

Fetishes

A fetish is the most valuable item a Garou can hold.
With their fetishes, werewolves gain even more formi-
dable abilities. They can activate the powers of the fetish
to defeat their enemies, matching the hell-powers of the
Wyrm and the technology of the Weaver.

Becoming a fetish offers many advantages to a spirit as
well. It allows the spirit to take a more direct role in the War
of the Apocalypse. Being encased in a material object pro-
tects the spirit from the myriad dangers of the Umbra. The
spirit also has the opportunity to influence and guide the
Garou, furthering its own purpose or its brood's goals on the
material plane.

In order to create a fetish, a Garou must locate a spirit with
three characteristics. First, the spirit must have a willingness to
bond with the fetish object. Second, the spirit must have a focus
and personality that will allow it to be compatible with the
Garou. Finally, the spirit must have Charms and abilities that
will enable the fetish to serve the purpose for which it is created.

Bonding

Spirits will only choose to join items that contain
one or more of their material correspondences. For
example, an eagle spirit might enter a staff decorated
with eagle feathers or a stone with an eagle image
carved into it. The higher the quality of the irem, and
the greater the number of correspondences with the
spirit, the more likely the spirit will be to accept
bonding with the item.

Convincing a spirit to enter a fetish takes a great deal
of work. Most spirits are not willing to join witha fetish,
unless the creator will provide chiminage and go out of
his way to appease the whims of the spirit. The spirit
must be convinced that she can trust the Garou implic-
itly.

While a spirit lies in a fetish, it exists in a state of
half-Slumber. It cannot be attacked or harmed directly,
unless the fetish itself is destroyed. The spirit relies on
the spirit of the Garou to activate its powers through
the fetish.

Spirits will only remain in fetishes if they are treated
well. Many fetishes require the highest degree of care.
For example, most spirits within klaives demand that
the blood of their enemies be cleaned from their blades
before they are sheathed. Some require that the sheaths
be of a certain quality. Other fetishes request thanks
after they are used. Individual spirits have a variety of
individual demands.

.
Hites

Many spirits believe themselves to be eternal. As the
signs of the Apocalypse grow ever greater, though, it
appears that nothing is truly without end. The life force
of the Umbra ebbs as the Wyld retreats, the Weaver
calcifies and the Wyrm destroys.

Rites serve to transcend time and place. They allow
the Garou to experience the events of the past and come
to a greater understanding of themselves. They work
with the Silver Record to preserve the Garou collective
memory. All rites have ceremony and mythical back-
grounds. The titles of the roles and the exact details may
vary from tribe to tribe and sept to sept, but ultimately
the gist remains the same.

When the Garou perform rites, they step beyond the
here and now. In the Penumbra, the world becomes what
it was at the time of the First Rite. The participants are
different on a physical and mental level, but spiritually,
they become the ancient heroes or mystics.

Rites generate a tremendous amount of spiritual en-
ergy by re-creating the First Rite. Spiritually, all rites —
past, present and future — occur at the same moment in
the same place and draw on the strength of all participants.
The amount of spiritual energy generated at the moment
of the rite can be almost unlimited.

Chapter Two: The Pact 37

AOE Re Ps ET Pe a en


Tapping into the timeless spiritual power of a rite is
not effortless or automatic. The success of the rite
ultimately depends on how close the participants can
come to spiritually duplicating the First Rite. This
requires not only duplication of actions, but duplica-
tion of thought and meaning. The more closely the
rite corresponds to tradition, the more potent the
effects will be.

Spirits have a tie to that mythical age. They have
taken the same roles in rites from the First Times. The
spirits have experienced the moment of the rite and
so, their aid and presence makes the rites of the Garou
correspond more closely to the original rites.

Often spirits are the focus of a rite, drawn to the
Garou by the ancient power unleashed by a rite. For
successful rites, Garou should use as many material
items as possible which correspond to the appropriate

spirits' nature.

Spirits and Others
Kinfolk

Like many Garou, spirits seem divided about how to
apmuauk Kimtak, dow Kintalk are created ay if cibey"
were living creatures under the Garou's protection and
generally ignored. A select few are treated as if they
were Garou, but these must constantly try to prove
themselves to the spirits that interact with them. Also,
these Kinfolk almost always use a Garou as a go-be-
tween for them and the spirits.

Changelings

Like Garou, changelings are part spirit. Spirits treat
changelings much like Garou, although they believe
that the fey do a better job of accomplishing their
purposes and taking their place in Gaia's plan. Spirits
are generally well-disposed toward changelings, urg-
ing them to fully embrace their fey natures. Sadly, few
changelings ever even see a spirit

Mages

dGorscrmedu semen ain dane ond po eR
with spirits, whom they often refer to as Umbrood.
Mages use their own terms to describe spirits, such as
giving them titles of nobility. The two groups of mages
closest to Gaia's brood are the Dreamspeakers and the
Verbena. Enlightened mages may even hold positions
in the courts of some spirits. Garou should never
underestimate a mage's spiritual authority; it may
surpass that of even a high-ranking Philodox.

Dampires
Vampires are dead creatures, most of whom reek of
Wyrm-taint. Spirits of Gaia are almost always hostile

SR ee a

as

to the undead. A few vampires have a magical set of
Gifts which allow them to control spirits. With very
few exceptions, once a brood learns about the exist-
ence of one of these undead sorcerers, the spirits hunt
down the Leech and destroy it.

Wraiths

Wraiths are dead creatures of the Dark Umbra and as
such, do not interact with the spirits of Gaia except in the
most unusual situations. Almost all spirits react negatively
to wraiths. They believe that wraiths should remain in the
Dark Umbra and leave Gaia's realm to the living.

Chapter Two: The Pact

A Final Note

All Garou are spirit-creatures in physical form, neither
truly spirits nor purely physical creatures. We are Gaia's

defenders, and our claws, fangs, hearts and minds will
ultimately determine the fate of our mother and all other
spirits. We walk the edge of the Gauntlet between one side
of reality and the other. As always, we are torn, part of both
the living animal and the spirit. We belong only toa whole
Gaia, a Gaia who will not exist until we bring down the
Gauntlet. We must never forget that we are members of
Gaia's brood, with our own special purposes.

39

OL, PT SR

The Umbra can be a dangerous place fora tiny Gaffling
or even a Jageling with no friends. Many spirits prefer
independence and remain unaligned; but many others
seek the patronage ofan Incarna. Even some lesser Incarna
recognize the safety of numbers, and therefore ally them-
selves with even stronger spirits. It is in this manner that
the great Tribal Totems have accumulated many followers
over the millennia.

Each of the great totems is served by a host of spirits.
Some are mighty Jagglings or even lesser Incarna; others
are collections of Gafflings spawned directly from the
totem itself. The following spirits by no means present the
entirety of the Broods of the Totems, but are a represen-
tative sample of what spirits Garou might be likely to
encounter in their Tribal Totem's service. As with all

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

Of APOE LE Ps TD TO etommeiemesy //,

spirits, these broods can prove to be invaluable allies —
and as with all spirits, the price they exact can be more
than a Garou is willing to pay.

Some spirit terminology may seem a bit confusing. For
example, Rat is served by Rat Gafflings, while Stag com-
mands Yale's obedience. Yale serves Stay, yet a Garou
could hardly bind Yale himself into a fetish. For simplicity's
sake, assume that any singular spirits referred to are free-
willed, more powerful Jagglings or even lesser Incarna. (In
such a case, it is far easier to bind a Gaffling avatar of the
spirit than the spirit itself.) Similarly, if"Mosquito-spirits"
are mentioned, they are most likely common Gafflings.

A number of spirits have access to new Charms; these
can be found in the Appendix. New Charms are marked
with an asterisk.


Chimera's Brood

Chimera is a totem of dreams and chooses whomever
she wants into her service. She is everchanging and fey,
and for the most part her servants reflect these qualities.
While her Epiphlings can be found only in dreams, many
of her servants dwell in both Dream and Umbral realms.
The Stargazers say that she chose their tribe due to their
love of wisdom, a tradition which began when she sought
out the first Stargazer, Klaital. Chimera is served by
servant races as well as singular spirits.

Belstu

Rage 2, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8, Power 30

Note: The Belstui possess the following Traits: Rage 1,
Gnosis 8, Willpower 3, Power 25. The Belstui are Gafflings;
Belstu is a Jaggling.

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Control Elec-
trical Systems, Create Wind, Freeze, Healing, Materialize,
Reform

Image: Belstu resembles a traditional Western wizard:
an old white-bearded man leaning on a staff, his face
teddened by the sun. Carved on his staff are scenes from
the First Dawn. Belstu is usually smiling and whistling to
himself; there is a feel of the comically absurd about his

appearance. He could emerge from either gory battle or
serene solitude chuckling contentedly. The Beltsui appear
as he does, but only stand as tall as children. They are
usually silent.

History: In the Dawn Time, a council of human
shamans met in order to understand the greater mysteries
of existence. They agreed to contact the Spirit of Dreams.
Combining their power, they created a messenger to
approach Chimera. Their curiosity birthed a small spirit
who sought the place of dreams, asking about wisdom.

Chimera laughed at humanity's attempt to understand
these mysteries, but she was impressed with the messenger.
She attempted to explain certain truths to the young spirit,
who could only partially understand. Although humans
could not fully know the nature of dreams, nor could Chimera
completely know the mind of humanity, she took the spirit
into her service. Belstu has ever after served as messenger
between Chimera and those who seek her.

Belstu aids followers of wisdom, adopting special Garou
and humans as his foster children. His confused sayings
bring some to anger, yet his wisdom has substance similar
to that of a Zen koan. The Stargazers have recorded some
of his teachings.

At one time, Coyote created several minor Gafflings to
confuse the seekers of Belstu. Eventually Coyote got bored
with the joke and gave these, the Belstui, to Chimera.

42 Axis Mundi

0 POE LD Ps TP ET eteentmemeneniemmeny /.


y
Le

Habitat: Belstu has a home in the Forest of Longing in
the Summer Country. He claims Sophia's Tower as his
home; he travels so often that it is his closest thing to a
permanent residence. Belstu's advice is more coherent
here. He has access to all the Umbral Realms, and shows
up in the strangest places.

Spiritual Correspondences: Belstu is a spirit of Gnosis
and wisdom. He can interpret dreams and riddles, or
discover clues where few look for them. His intuitive
powers are unerring when applied to a problem, but it is
hard to follow his circumventive logic. Unlike most of
Chimera's servants, he does not change form, although he
can appear in dreams.

Material Correspondences: Owl feathers, the reciting
of the summoner's desires and an image of the half moon
captured in a bowl of water which reflects the noon sun.
The Belstui can be placed in fetishes of Yecrets and
know'edge.

advice, but will fall into Slumber if
During the War of Rage, he attemp
against the Garou. The solitary werebears were?
defensive, and took little coordinated action

and they could not act in time. Thi
to this day. :
Belstu is not a friend of the Nuwisha. Théwerecoyotes
and Coyote have played tricks on him frorti time to time.
The old spirit awakens from Slumber when water is tossed
on him; Garou festivities will also rouse him.
Attitude: Beltsu prefers the company of Stargazers,

Uktena, Silent Striders, Black Furies, Bone Gnawers and |~

Glass Walkers. He hates the Black Spiral Dancers.

Chiminage: A seeker after truth must treat the old
spirit kindly, offering him food and drink before making
any requests. Belstu will leave when treated rudely. Pa-
tience is crucial when dealing with him; Garou must often
nod and feign interest while he comments on cloud
patterns and the landscapes. Eventually he will get to the
heart of a question.

Those who receive Belstu's aid or wisdom must be
prepared to aid Chimera in any way she chooses. They may
have to quest to recover a dreamstone or simply vow to aid
her servants when possible. If a Garou successfully com-
pletes a quest for Belstu, she gains 2 Glory, 1 Wisdom and
2 temporary Gnosis.

cee a Ag ANAT LT EPP CE OA IE

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

retention iiemay //

The Aralin

Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Willpower 9, Power: 60

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast Flame, Break Reality, Cre-
ate Fires, Healing, Ice Shards, Materialize, Open Moon
Bridge, Reform, Shapeshift, Tracking, Updraft

Image: The Aralin have many shapes. These Jagglings
most commonly appear as white-robed women with emer-
ald belts. They assume a more modern look when the
surroundings call for it, and can also take the form of

_ doves, mares and sphinxes. They shine with a faint white
_ light. In their small Umbral domain they bear swords and
hold out scales with which they weigh the demands of

wisdom. They can also grant seekers a draught from the
Water of Gnosis if properly persuaded (+1 to Gnosis).

History: Some Stargazers say that the Aralin were the
gift of Rabbi Solomon ben Z'ev of Kiev, the leader of his
ommunity anda Stargazer. The two sides of his nature did
not sit well in ofte breast. Solomon's Stargazer soul was
pective and questioning, while as a rabbi he had
esponsibilities to his people. He was famous for his love of
wisdom, and was often lonely for the company of other

rom the eh Holy Ancient One. Why, Rabbi ben Z'ev
ondered, was the word Elohim translated from a femi-

nine plural toamasculine singular? This and other questions

ne carefully pondered.Jt is said that he grew tired, think-
ng of the first Sephina, Kether the Crown. Then as his
eyes shut he dwelt on the second number, Chokmah. But
as he reached the third Sephina, Binah, she appeared
uddenly before him. There is some disagreement as to
what happened next, but most Stargazers relate the fol-
owing tradition.

Binah, the third Sephina but the first feminine prin-
ciple among them, approached in the shape of a woman
with midnight hair. "No triad is complete without me,"
she told Solomon. "I unite Kether the Crown with the
Wisdom of Chokmah." Understanding suddenly opened
the rabbi's eyes, and he blessed her with the sign of
unending life.

For three days and nights she taught him wisdom.
Finally, on the third night, she made to depart. Rabbi
Solomon ben Z'ev grew sad until Binah breathed upon the
fire and two score doves flew out. "These are our children,
the Aralin, the messengers of Wisdom," she said. "It is you
who granted them life. For as it is said in the Qaballah, ‘In
the Spirit which is hidden in that skull, there are ex-
panded fires on one side and air on the other." "As above,
so below," the rabbi mused.

43


: Fag

The Aralin are common but exclusively bound to the
Stargazers. It was Chimera's gift to the Stargazers, as the
Aralin were the rabbi's gift to wisdom. All accounts agree
that the Aralin are among the most recent servants of
Chimera, appearing in the medieval era long after the
Legendary Age was over.

Habitat: The Aralin dwell in the mists of the Dream
Zone. A Garou can establish a direct bridge to their home
by sleeping in the Umbra. Within a temple dedicated to
Sophia, one of the Aralin sits between two pillars. The
other Aralin gather by the throne when any visitor enters
the temple.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Aralin are Jagglings
of wisdom and the transmitting of knowledge. Because

knowledge must travel secretly at times, they have pur- :

view over trickery and disguises.

Material Correspondences: To summon ag Arali, one.

must draw the Four Worlds of the Qaballahy
culturally equivalent symbol (sand wheels, me
the I Ching, etc.). They can be placed into th
called Phoebe's Veil or Monkey Puzzle.
Gift Lore: All Gifts of wisdom, dream and ™
munication lie within their abilities to teach.
Taboos: The Aralin cannot debate servants
Wyrm on philosophical manners. This u used.@
delight, until the Black Spiral Dang
defeated them in open debate. When
taboo, they turn to stone. Certain Stargazers say
Aralin have fallen into the Wyrm's service ang
as the Lilim.

with the promise of two gifts; he will also gain 2 Honor.
glyph of wisdom may also have the same effect.
Attitude: Generally neutral, but friendly to Stargazers
and certain Theurges.
Chiminage: When meeting an Arali, one should dis-
play courtesy. The Aralin balance any request against the

scales of wisdom. Their roles as messengers of knowledge |

allow them to deliver communications to earthly contacts
in the form of a dove. Also, these spirits can change into
Umbra Mares and ride the Umbral pathways faster than
any Garou, even the Silent Striders. The Black Furies and
Glass Walkers name the Umbra Mares the Mares of
Athena. The Aralin will bear Stargazers upon their backs;
other Garou looking for a ride should be prepared for some
coaxing and tough negotiation.

During negotiations, they take the form of lioness
sphinxes. Garou must bow as the Aralin enter; they
interpret this as acknowledging the feminine principle of
wisdom. They demand that the Garou requesting a minor
service aid the messengers of Chimera. A pack desiring
Umbra Mares will usually need to do something greater,
such as retrieving an artifact of wisdom from a Wyrm

44 Axis Mundi

Y eisai enter 2 /,

cme OD IGNITE EP COE OR IE

Realm. Those who complete a major quest gain 3 Honor,
2 Glory and 2 temporary Gnosis.

Woneyah Konhe
(The Dream Ravens)

Rage 2, Gnosis 9, Willpower 6, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Create Wind,
Forest Sense, Healing, Materialize, Open Moon Bridge,
Reform, Shapeshift, Tracking, Updraft

Image: The Woneyah Konhe are masters of disguise

~ who can assume any shape. They often appear as human-

sized ravens attired in fine clothing. Chimera knows that
acquiring wisdom can be a tricky business, and the cun-
ning Dream Ravens are some of her favorite servants.

History: Some say a few Stargazers existed in the Pure
fore the Europeans came. Among the Croatan,
3 and Uktena there were certain Garou who pre-
: solitude the mysteries of creation. They

ély,ventures. These were the Woneyah
e Dream Ravens. A tale of their aid begins with
Raven named Sharp Eye, who noticed that
-one of the We-Chon, was distressed. Her
friend Wehtu,had been captured by evil spirits, and she
was preparing to track him alone.

"Let us travel together," Sharp Eye said.
"The way is dangerous," protested Woyahdun.
"Pah. You We-Chon spend too much time alone," said the
raven, and with that, he joined her on her spirit journey.

They came to an evil area of the spirit world, where
cruel misshapen Garou, of a type unseen in the Pure
Lands, guarded the passages to devouring demons.
Woyahdun heard the cries of her friend beyond. The
Dream Raven fashioned disguises for them, dressing him-
self as the chief of the evil Garou. Wearing the pelts of the
misshapen shapeshifters, they passed the guards and re-
leased Wehtu. "We have little time," Wehtu gasped.
"They used strange medicines on me to find the path to the
World Tree's roots."

They rushed to the sacred World Tree's roots and found
a hideous spirit worm gnawing on the foundation of the
tree. "If he devours the foundation, then all the worlds will
fall," Woyahdun cried.

"Do not worry," the Raven-spirit said. He threw a dark
blanket, the color of black earth, over the roots. Then he

=


painted the Worm-spirit's tail to resemble the roots. The
great Bane began to devour its own tail, and the three escaped
to the physical world. Woyahdun predicted that one day the
powerful worm would find the roots of the World Tree again;
since then, the Dream Ravens kept the We-Chon company.
Now, all Stargazers can benefit from their aid.

The Woneyah Konhe are common spirits. They are

VA some of the Wyrm's bitterest spirit foes, for they have in
times past successfully passed themselves off as high Wyrm
servants and continue today to infiltrate Pentex.

Habitat: The Woneyah Konhe can be found in the
Dream Zone or in their own domain, a cross between an
Epiph and a Dream Realm. These Raven-spirits have

gathered items of wisdom much as crows do shiny objects,
storing them beneath illusions about their wooded realm.
A Garou seeking them must roll Intelligence + Enigmas
(difficulty 8) from the Stargazer Homeland to teach them.

sleep.
Material Correspondences: A summone
a medicine wheel with colored sands, adding

This is a long process, one that can be taugh

experienced Stargazer. It is best to place these.ag

Harmony Flutes or Phoebe's Veils.
Gift Lore: All Gifts involving sp

wisdom, and disguise

Taboos: The Woneyah Konhe cannot abi

the guise of a minor Wyrm-spirit, disaster followed.
Unktehi, a large but dull fellow, had called a conclave
of Banes. He took an immediate liking to the disguised
Ravercspirit, telling him one pointless tale after another
during the conclave. After two days of this dismal mo-
notony (which the Dream Raven swore lasted aeons),
Unktehi showed no signs of abating. The Raven-spirit
cried out, "Kill me!" and his disguise dropped. So aston-
ished were the assembled Banes that the Dream Raven
escaped. Some say that they even pitied him for what he
had endured. After all, now that Unktehi's sympathetic
listener was gone, it would be one of their turns next.

If one of the Dream Ravens is bored into Slumber, one
can awaken him by placing him in a sand wheel.

Attitude: Dream Ravens are generally friendly, save to
Red Talons, who they dislike. They are amiable to the Corax
and certain mage orders (the Dreamspeakers in particular).

Chiminage: The Woneyah Konhe are informal spirits.
Make the request interesting. They love knowledge and gossip.
The tales of the latest Stargazer debates keep them enter-
tained, or Dreamspeakers' faux pas when dealing with the
Garou. There isnoneed tostand onceremony. Complimenting
their disguises helps in getting on their good side.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

(eco inion </

cee ID A gf AMENITY CE PA

The Dream Ravens do not aid the Garou for free. They
will demand that the Garou ascend a Caern or sacred
mountain and seek a vision. When a vision comes, it is to
be shared with all others. Alternatively, they will request
the secker to go to Pangea and live asa primal Garou. The
time involved is up to the spirit. Gain 1 in Honor and 2 in
Gnosis by completing this request. When a fetish is
requested than one must aid the Corax when possible.
Gain 2 in Honor by doing so.

| Meneghwo, The Patchwork Wolf

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 10, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Forest Sense, Freeze,
Materialize, Open Moon Bridge, Reform, Shatter Glass,
Tracking, Umbraquake
Image: The Patchwork Wolf is a composite being made
of many Garou. One of his eyes is brown, one green. One
ar is longer than-its mate; his coat is a checkerboard of
atches from a thousand individual werewolves. He is

white, grey, black, brown and red. In any form he is a

crudely made Frankenstein's monster of many pelts, and
ooms larger than most Garou.

History: The Stargazers say that the Patchwork Wolf

as ¢reated after a great battle. How long ago is lost in the
' cestral memory, but the tribe maintains that it
as'in the time of Klaital, the first Stargazer.
» Legerid has it that a meeting between all Garou was
alléd to disctiss lifting the Impergium. Advocates of both
ides met beforehand to decide ona location for the great
oot, Even among these advocates, opinions ran strong.
he simple meeting to pick a locale swiftly turned into a
errible battle between rival factions. When the first
targazer, Klaital, arrived, all were dead.

Klaital called on Chimera, who caused the slain to
ance, until their torn and scattered pieces formed a

‘composite being. This new being addressed his slain par-

ents, saying, "Farewell, pack mothers and fathers. I carry
the wisdom of all of you, the wisdom you disregarded by

~ attacking your own kind. I will not fall in conflict with

other Garou because I am the child of Garou conflict." He
then howled mournfully over the slain and went with
Chimera to learn wisdom. Klaital, ashamed, returned to
the other Garou and told them what had transpired.

The Silver Fangs, however, state that Meneghwo was
created after a fierce battle between the Garou and Bastet.
Many Garou died to claim the mantle of Gaia's protectors, a
title others contested. Gaia herself created the Patchwork
Wolf from the slain, as a tribute to the courage and sacrifice
of her favored children. Later she granted Meneghwoasa gift
to Chimera, to defend the lady of dreams and wisdom.
Meneghwo will never speak of his origins.

Habitat: The Patchwork Wolf is Chimera's knight and
dwells in a pocket realm before the mists of the Dream
Zone. This realm is a craggy mountain surrounded by fog.

45


It is possible to reach him after long Umbra travel or
through sleep.

Spiritual Correspondences: Meneghwo isa Jaggling of
wisdom, loyalty and courage. It is believed that if he is
slain, he reassembles in his pocket realm.

Material Correspondences: Blood or hair from five
Garou, placed in a bag with pine needles and crushed pine
cones. The bag must be tossed into an open fire which is
quenched with the waters of the first rain.

Gift Lore: The Patchwork Wolf can teach Gifts of war
and dreams. Meneghwo is a composite being, created ata
time when the Garou line had more lupine blood in it. Due

to his unique nature, he knows both Wolf-spirit anc

Chimerling Gifts.

Taboos: The Patchwork Wolf cannot battle any other

Garou, since he is composed of all tribes. Menegl 23)
awakens from sleep when the dust of five Garou falls y
him. Those who so release him gain 2 Honor®

Attitude: Friendly to all Garou. The squabbling
tween the tribes confuses him.

Chiminage: Meneghwo is somewhat slow i
and speech, but a good friend. He holds the t
many Garou, so he knows many things. Garou s
explain things slowly to him. If he is insulted, hi
realizes it later, but then he becomes very angry.
who dislike him call him "Wisdom's Dog" of
Pet." He possesses great knowledge, but one
patient for it to surface. When he teaches a Gift
Garou, he will ask that the Garou promote unity
the tribes. He cannot be placed in We:
talens of war are acceptable.

Cockroach's Brood

Forget about Buddha, Allah, Jesus and Jehay

Hurry down doomsday, the bugs are taking

— Elvis Costello,

The Cockroach and those spirits it
brood are known for their cunning urviv
stinct; to them, "flight" is better than "fight." To those
not familiar with these often underrated spirits, it
comes as a shock to learn of their honor, knowledge and
intuitive abilities.

"Hurry Down Door

Cockroach takes great pains to secure spirit forces from
throughout the Umbra to establish and protect its influ-
ence. These spirits throw themselves into battle against
both Weaver and Wyrm when needed, committing them-
selves to their duties with unwavering dignity even in the
face of insurmountable odds.

Kilakacn

Rage 2, Gnosis 8, Willpower 5, Power 40
Charms: Airt Sense, Call for Aid*, Control Electrical

Systems, Flee*, Hide*, Informational Link, Materialize,
Scale*, Short Out, Tech Sense

46 Axis Mundi

OA Ps ET inion //,

ccm I ENT EP CE

Image: Taking on the form of huge cockroaches, the
Kilakac'n have been known to shine like chrome or glow
with multicolored fluorescence spotted with glyphs.

History: Cockroach created Jagglings — the Kir'kakay
— to insure its continued existence. These spirits trav- zg
eled the realms to gather knowledge and wisdom. These
spirits created Gafflings within their new home realms
(the Kil'tic'a of Naturae, the Kil'saura'kura of the Wyld
and the Kilakac'n of the Weaver) and set about insuring
the propagation of the species throughout the Tellurian.

‘The Gauntlet rose. Humanity empowered itself with
technology, and the Gauntlet grew stronger, threatening
separate the Cockroach from its earthly host. The
'kakay of the Weaver created the Kilakac'n not only to
penetrate the Gauntlet and continue the Cockroach's
; within the physical world, but also to assist in their
the Weaver Realms.

ac'n alerted their parent Kir'kakay of
achine which lay sprawled in slumber. They in
brought the news to Cockroach. Cockroach trav-
e sleeping Incarna and peered into the thoughts
reaming fitnd.As time progressed, the Cockroach
d down the Machine's secrets to the Kilakac'n and
parent Kir'kakay.

e Kilakac'n's numbers have increased even in recent years.

ac'n lurk in the Penumbral shadows of
n. They travel into the physical world to
ct their earthly kin. On occasion, they swarm around
arent Kirkakay to trade information or lurk in

Reealms;:such as the Cyber Realm.

iritual Correspondences: Cunning

erial Correspondences: Interaction with the
yc'n requires the glyphs for the Cockroach, the Weaver
 Kilakac' in themselves inscribed in brown or black.
on these spirits, Garou must leave fragrant, fresh
darkened area. Once cockroaches appear, the
attempt to awaken the corresponding spirit-
though the brood might not have one).
inding, Garou ceremonially tie the spirit into the
fetish/talen with black string. Attaching groups of beads and
feathers aids in the binding process and shows respect for the
spirit, though many modern Garou feel that this ritual is
unnecessary. Kilakac'n can be bound into storage media or
electronic viewing devices which they empower with the
ability to peer into information systems or mimic insect traits.

Gift Lore: The Kilakac'n teach Gifts dealing with
control of technology, vision or manipulation of informa-
tion or insect powers.

Taboos: Kilakac'n fall into Slumber if they stray from
the Penumbral shadows of electrical networks. Introduc-
tion to an electromagnetic field awakens them.

Kilakac'n hate harsh cleaning agents and will flee from
their presence. If a Kilakac'n cannot flee, it will lose one
point of Power per round. If the spirit's Power goes below
zero, it fades into nothingness.

'
e
%
*

.
bd
‘
o
:
é

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: The Cockroach and its brood enjoy Garou
howling contests, sharing fine cuisine and the sound of
Garou sharpening their nails.

Kilakac'n sometimes call upon Garou to protect their
broods and they expect full cooperation. This might only
gain a Garou minimal Glory Renown, but a follower of the
Cockroach that refuses a Kilakac'n aid will lose Honor and
Wisdom Renown.

The Kilakac'n respect Garou that battle with stealth and
insurgency. They often find places where Wyrm minions
hide pivotal information or secret objects and implore
Garou to capture them. Successful Garou gain up to three
points of Wisdom Renown and have proved themselves
worthy of the sacrifice necessary to create a fetish.

A Garou responsible for the destruction of a pesticide
factory can expect a Kilakac'n to inhabit a talen, if not a
fetish, for at least a month. Garou that destroy Wyrm-
tainted factories can earn one to three points of Glory
Renown and one to two points of Wisdom Renown.

Kilakac'n battle constantly with Ratand Ant Gafflings. They
may share large garbage piles or restaurant dumpsters with Rat
Gafflings, but Ant Gafflings attack Kilakac'n on sight.

During the chaos of Ananasa's abduction, Cockroach made
its move to gain stability in the Weaver's Realms and sought
out the orphaned spider spirits wherever they thrived. The
Spider-spirits of Naturae would not listen to reason, but those

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

aay 1,

of the Weaver did to a limited extent. As long as Cockroach's
Gafflings and Jagglings insured the protection and feeding of
these spirits, they swore to blind themselves to the passing of
Cockroach-spirits through both their webbing and their realm.

Gremlins

Rage 2, Gnosis 3, Willpower 8, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Dark Omen, Mate-
tialize, Tech Sense (only used to sense presence of machines)

Image: Throughout history and across the world, these small,
green spirits have had many appearances ranging from insectoid
to reptilian to humanoid. They run in groups of three to five
and have appendages designed for mechanical destruction.

History: With the rise of the Gauntlet, Cockroach
began to realize the threat that humanity posed, and
through study it learned of the connection between hu-
manity and the Machine. Cockroach created a race of
Jagglings — the Spider Wasps — to destroy the Machine.

Scant decades ago, the Spider Wasps began creating
Gafflings called Gremlins. These green polymorphic spir-
its made their homes within the small, open spaces inside
machinery.

During World War Two, a Spider Wasp influenced by
an unnamed Garou created several camps of multi-armed
humanoid, tool-bearing Gremlins specializing in the de-
struction of aircraft. One of these camps, known as the

47


2

yee es

4

Luffe Gremlin, blatantly used their materialization powers
in front of humans. As a result, humanity began making
machinery with less access space in an attempt to keep the
Luffe Gremlin out, but this merely caused the Gremlins to
reduce their size over the decades.

Habitat: Lurking between the domains of the Wyld and
the Weaver, the Gremlins live in camps within small
realms. There they wait and plan for chances to strike
strategically against the Machine. As many as five teams
of Gremlins can inhabit a single camp.

Spiritual Correspondences: Destruction

Material Correspondences: Any rite involving a Grem-
lin requires the glyphs of the Wyld, the Weaver and the
Garou. The ritemaster should wear gray and carry a non-
electrical tool.

When summoning, the glyph of the Gremlin must be in
plain view; it should be drawn or, better yet, ritually scarred
into a Garou's hide. In the dark of night, after working
themselves into a fervor through the rhythmic banging of
metal, Garou must howl for the Gremlin while violently
destroying a piece of expensive machinery.

In binding a Gremlin, string or chain must encircle
the vice-clamped fetish object. A locking device must be
present as a symbol of the temporary nature of the
binding. Gremlins will only accept non-electrical tools
adorned with rusted or broken mechanical parts, a hu-

4

manoid figurine and Scab Bird feathers attached by
string or chain as a fetish or talen object. Bound Grem-
lins can empower fetishes and talens that destroy or
damage machinery, electronics and computer programs.

Gift Lore: From the Gremlins, Garou can learn the
Gifts that cause technology to malfunction. To the lucky,
they teach the Gifts that create inventions capable of
destroying machinery and electronics.

Taboos: Daylight puts Gremlins into deep Slumber.
Electronically reproduced music causes them to dance
uncontrollably and, if Materialized, they slowly fade back
into the Penumbra before dancing themselves into an
unconscious state.

Clean mechanical lubricant, ritual monthly cleanings
and banishing rites enacted upon technological items
hold Gremlins at bay. Garou that attempt to protect
themselves from Gremlins should not expect their aid.

Attitude: Hostile

Chiminage: The reclusive Gremlins stay within their
pocket realm camps to revel in tests of skill, songs and
stories of legend and the sharing of knowledge and train-
ing while they plan their next assaults upon the Machine.
Gremlins protect their camps with as much ferocity as
Garou protect caerns. Garou that stumble upon Gremlin
camps will not be able to make peace with the spirits they
find; they can, however, gain the respect of the Gremlins

Axis Mundi

LS


by beating them in combat. Gremlins will only take the
most trusted of Garou into their camps. Those that return
to a camp ata later time must take the same precautions
they would if they were going to another pack's caern.

The ability to destroy delicate electronic pieces brings
Gremlins great Honor and Glory, and a Garou aiding one
in destroying Wyrm-tainted technology can gain Renown
as well. Reneging on a deal to help Gremlins destroy an
untainted machine can lose a Garou just as much Honor
and Wisdom as she might have gained.

Once a Garou proves herself to a Gremlin, the
Gremlin will from time to time seek out the Garou for
help in making raids on factories. The Garou can gain
Glory Renown and the aid of younger Gremlins by
completing such quests. Young Gremlins often help
Garou or empower fetishes and talens to gain respect
of their elders.

Entrapped Gremlins will always call forte aid-o
passing Garou. Often they will attempt to contact

specific Garou with an ancient Glass Walker chant. If

a Garou helps a Gremlin escape, the Garo
both Wisdom and Honor Renown. Depending upon
the danger involved, the spirit may honor the Garou by
empowering a talen.

When away from camp, Gremlins hate distractions.
Garou that wish to communicate with traveling. Gremlin:
must follow them. Garou should not joitvifion aGremlin's
destruction of machinery unless they have the. spirit's
permission. Gremlins will turn on Garou that do so; for it
is their right to destroy all machinery theyefi

Mula'Krante
(pronounced "moo-lah cron-tay"

Rage 1, Gnosis 9, Willpower 6, Power 30 (+

of Willpower drained) :
Charms: Intangibility, Materialize, Ref
Shapeshift, Suggestion*

Image: Adorned with glyphssignifying thei
system of origin, Mula'Kranté glide through the Web: merging
and separating from groupings of Mula'Kranté that flock
around their parent Mu'jabber or Mu'can'tu. Materialized, they
appear as objects or people symbolizing monetary importance.

History: With Gauntlet's rise and the Impergium's fall,
humans became unlike Gaia's other children by carrying
objects which they felt to be useful. Yes, other animals did,
and still do, carry things back to their dens, but humans
carried things on a continuous basis. They started carrying
things that made their lives easier — things that kept them
warm or quenched their thirst.

Humans began to trade objects and eventually invented
tokens to represent what one human owed another. In the
Umbra the Jagglings of Negotiation, both the Mu'jabber and
the Mu'can'tu, created a new type of trade negotiation
Gafflings that came to be known as the Mula'Kranté.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

OA PS ST LT inion 2/

re es

The older trade Gafflings faded away as human record-
keeping and commerce advanced. The power to own
something before paying for it became so commonplace
that humans not only could sign systerns of paperwork to
gain "instant" wealth but could access this power through
complicated numerology and magnetic strips that signify a
person's ability to repay debts to the "system."

It is now, and always has been, the duty of stronger
spirits and Garou to protect these spirits from the under-
lings of the Wyrm who have hunted them since the dawn
of existence and worked ceaselessly to transform these
spitits into minions of the Wyrm. In recent years, Net
ers have learned to herd these spirits about the Cyber
Im in order to ensure their protection.
abitat: Mula'Kranté travel throughout the Web. In
Penumbra they nest in banks, automated banking
ints, counterfeiters' hide-outs, and so on.

‘Correspondences: Negotiation

Aaterial Correspondences: Mula'Kranté will not rec-
ize Garou without the presence of the Garou glyph
ch bolizes them. They can only communicate
rou through computer systems or ornate paper
ccounting ledgers. In order to enact a rite, a Garou
gain the spirit's attention with shiny objects, be
y fine jewelry, polished coins or mirrors.

Mula'Kranté, a Garou must go to a quiet
with objects symbolizing wealth (coins, paper money,
, bonds, credit cards, etc.). After remaining silent
veral minutes, the Garou quietly chants the call of
ala'Khranté- while shaking the object of wealth.
the Garou senses the presence of a spirit, she must
e motionless and silent as the spirit approaches.

is impossible to bind a Mula'Kranté without an
ment written in a Garou's own blood on ornately
paper specifying all aspects of the binding re-
Mula'Kranté-empowered fetishes and talens
Ith or track the histories of their kin spirits.
re: Mula'Kranté know the secrets of Gifts that
manipulate the minds of humans and Gifts of instant wealth.

Taboos: Mula'Kranté thrive on transactions and fall
into a deep Slumber when in the presence of negotiations
not involving money, or if they find themselves within a
Naturae Realm (where they lose one point of Power per
hour until they no longer exist).

If Mula'Kranté happen upon "free giving," they lose
the use of their Charms and flee. They lack the ability
to defend themselves and will Reform if they feel
threatened. A Mula'Kranté that finds itself in a Wyld
Realm dissolves completely if it does not immediately
Reform outside the realm.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: Mula'Kranté only lend aid to Garou who
utilize wealth to protect Gaia. For two Gnosis points, one
will empower a talen for such a Garou.


7

Garou wishing a Mula'Kranté fetish must find and
free a Mula'Kranté captured by Wyrm-forces; this
gains the Garou Honor and Wisdom Renown. The
slight Wyrm-taint that remains on these spirits marks
them for recapture; the spirits know this and request
that Garou bind them into fetishes for their own
protection. In the past, several hundred years of servi-
tude was not uncommon; today, five or 10 years without
release might invoke the wrath of these spirits.

The hollow and arrogant Mula'Kranté love the sound
of pleading voices and the sight of forms kneeling
before them. The slightest sign of anger from any bei
sends these spirits into flight.

Guardians of the Gates

Rage 8, Gnosis 3, Willpower 7, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Armored Sheath (P.
ers Guide, p.134), Call for Aid*, ControlFlect
Systems (security electronics only), Disable*, Iron Wil
Materialize (while Shapeshifted into a security offici
system), Shapeshift (security forms only), Teel:
(security systems only)

Image: Large, blue, muscle-bound menwit
tongues and six arms (each wielding a knife that |
like a large stinger, barb or thorn) wearing baggy w
pants, high black boots and a black sash. Their
devoid of hair except for long black poti¥tai

statues until it comes time for them to act.

History: Very early in the existence of cre
increasing in importance with the advs
intelligence, the need to hold the constan
flaws of the Pattern Web in secret spurred the
craft Jagglings to protect itself from the forces
Wyld and the Wyrm. Formed to protect s
edge, locations, items or entities (jobs whi
termed "assignments" by Glass Walkers),
the Gates were granted many Charms a
might. They have taken on the forms @f
wolves, multi-headed dragons and winged, quadrupedal
mammals with humanoid heads in order to strike fear into
the hearts of their opponents.

After the rise of the Gauntlet, Garou and mage alike
bound these spirits to specific locations — most com-
monly paths and gateways into caerns, libraries, temples
and shrines.

After the insanity of consciousness had befallen the
Weaver, it came to pass that the Kir'kakay — Cockroach
Jagglings — came into contact with the Guardians so
often that their dealings became friendly, for the Kir'kakay
would aid them in finding assignments to protect when
their parent spirits lived no longer or wandered aimlessly
in thought without consideration for those servitor spirits
below them that lacked free will. Unattended Guardians
fell easily before the myriad forces that beset them; the

50

ccm a Ag OANA TTP EDEL COE A IO

Kir'kakay brought this to the attention of the Cockroach.
Having little self-will, the Guardians protected their new
assignments as vigilantly as any others.

These once-common spirits find themselves a rare
commodity because of their battles with enemies on
both sides of the velvet curtain and because they are
often enslaved by of beings in the physical world.

Habitat: As servitor spirits, the Guardians of the
Gates remain with their assignments. When without an
assignment, these spirits flock to libraries, temples,
security systems, computer networks, safe-houses and
Garou caerns.
iritual Correspondences: Security
aterial Correspondences: A Garou attempting to
act with these spirits must have a lock that no
ctioning key, a key that no longer has
tification badge of sincere significance
‘ading the rite.
jorder to summon an unattached Guardian, a Garou
drum the song of protection within a blue shield

acted of fabric, sand or chalk. Guardian spirits
ssignment will not respond to
monings.
ft Lore: These spirits have the knowledge of Gifts
ing, stealth and weapons.
assignment that a Guardian of the
to protect is stolen, abducted, de-
d or killed, the spirit will fall into Slumber. The
pen Seal (Level One Ragabash) paralyzes these
for oneturh per success rolled.
Gifts Shed (Level One Metis) and Alter Scent
Two Ragabash) disorient these spirits for one
r success generated on the activation roll.
xdians reduced to zero Power become stonelike
order to destroy a statue-Guardian, it must be
a Feat of Strength (see Werewolf: The Apoca-
with a necessary dice pool of 9.
attacked Guardian regains its abilities and senses
immediately.

Attitude: Hostile

Chiminage: A Guardian of the Gates with an as-
signment will not lend its aid for any purpose other
than to insure that assignment's security. Moving the
assignment into a well-guarded caern might be ac-
ceptable to a Guardian, but one must always discuss
this with the spirit in advance.

If a pack of Garou has made an extraordinary at-
tempt to help a Guardian protect its assignment, but
the assignment was destroyed through no fault of their
own, the Guardian may be willing to become a
Praenomen, or guardian spirit of the pack. The Guard-
ian will leave when it finds a more suitable assignment.

If a Garou returns an assignment that has been
stolen (through no fault of the Garou), the spirit will

oO LR PS Es SS en a


often be willing, once freed, to safeguard the Garou's
caern in return; this is worth three Glory and three
Honor to the successful Garou.

Garou with sufficient Honor Renown might con-
vince a Guardian to lend aid if they promise to insure
the safety of the spirit's assignment until its return.
Garou who make such a deal and fail to protect the
assignment not only lose Honor, Wisdom and Glory
Renown but incur the wrath of the spirit and its kin.

A Guardian of the Gates without an assignment
will eften aid Garou if summoned with the intent to
insure the safety of an assignment sacred to Gaia.
Guardians will not take a mobile object as an assign-
ment; however, if a Kilakac'n (a Cockroach Gaffling)
will verify its importance to the Weaver, the Guardian
might protect the assignment during a move to a
better-secured location.

Scab Birds

Rage 2, Gnosis 3, Willpower 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Cling*, Flee*, Materialize, Updraft

Image: In the Penumbra, Scab Birds appear as dark-
gray birds with red glass eyes, shining steel talons and
sharpened brass beaks. Materialized, they appear to be
large, healthy pigeons or robust city sparrows.

History: Before the rise of the Gauntlet, Garou went
on many quests in order to gain the aid, knowledge and

cee rad A IAAT EDT CE OIE

vision of the Bird-spirits. When the Garou fought against
the Corax and their fellow shapeshifters in the War of
Rage, many Bird-spirits ceased to aid them and fled into
the Deep Umbra.

With the rise of the Gauntlet, the Weaver thrived.
Humanity began to build cities, and slowly these Bird-
spirits returned. The Uktena met with them first and
swore never to wage war against the remaining Corax.
The Bird-spirits felt safer, but were still wary of the
Garou. They sought out the peaceful tribes, the Star-
gazers and the Children of Gaia, and taught them
many of their secrets.

The Warders of Apes sought to make their own
pacts with these spirits. Unlike the other tribes, this
developing tribe survived by communication and trade.
The Bird Jagglings took great pride in their negotia-
tion abilities and created Gafflings — the Scab Birds
— specifically to aid the Warders in their war against
the Wyrm. Though not as plentiful as they once were,
Scab Birds now inhabit virtually all but the most
Wyrm-tainted of cities.

Habitat: Scab Birds live within cities, but not in
towns or suburbs. They commonly flock in the Down-
town and Uptown of the CyberRealm and love to rest
in the Penumbral shadows of stock market trading
halls, banking institutions and libraries.

Spiritual Correspondences: Negotiation

-; _
a '
a

"a,

wenatinte

or
ri
a Pld

)
~~

: \\ipOO HRA

~
~~

NS

Pog tagyh

a "aacnsbive .


Material Correspondences: Scab Bird rites involve
dancing with groups of bound feathers adorned with
colorful fabrics and shining objects. To summon a Scab
Bird, a Garou must gather feathers dropped by a Scab
Bird's flock. Soothing music and the sound of wind-
blown bells help lull the Scab Birds into a calm that
allows them to approach a Garou's raging spirit.

Gift Lore: Scab Birds know the secrets of the winds,
things that fly, communication and their animal breth-
ren. They can teach Garou how to find other spirits
and how to gain their aid.

Taboos: A Scab Bird with salt on its tail falls into
Slumber and can only be awakened by bathing it in
rain water gathered within a city. Covering a Scab
Bird with a liquid other than water will rob it of its
Charms until dry. Damage from fire that brings them
below zero Power will destroy them.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: To gain a Scab Bird's favor, one must
break out an upper story window or skylight in an
abandoned building, lead the Scab Bird's flock to it
and feed them during the winter months. Saving rare
birds from the taint of the Wyrm or freeing native
birds from containment will gain a Garou Wisdom and
Glory Renown and possibly a Scab Bird's cooperation.
Building a protected park with suitable plants to shel-

1

ter and feed a Scab Bird's flock can bring the empow-
erment of a fetish and great Renown. An area the size
of a backyard will gain a Garou one Honor and two
Wisdom while insuring an area of an acre or more will
gain two Honor and three Wisdom.

Falcon's Brood

First among the Tribal Totems and patron of the Silver
Fangs, Falcon is the totem of freedom, victory and insight.
More ancient than all but a few totems, there is little that
escapes the Falcon's golden eye. Falcon is a strong, fast
flier, skilled in the wars of the air. Those Garou who ally
themselves with him have a strong and reliable patron.

Falcon, more than any other totem, hates the Wyrm
because for many centuries the Wyrm enslaved some of his
brood. The Falcon eventually battled his way from the
Wyrm's heart, but he has never forgotten his one-time
subjugation. Some of Falcon's progeny are still thralls of
the Wyrm and wander the Umbra as powerful Banes.

The primary realms of the Falcon are in his great speed,
power and knowledge. His broods are generally powerful
warriors in their own right, a fact that most Garou can readily
respect. Indeed, the Falcon's brood are similar to the Garou
in many ways. They are among Gaia's fiercest protectors,
though they also have strong connections with the Celestine
Helios (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse). This commonality

Axis Mundi

NS


of conviction and purpose makes the two groups easily
understood by each other. The Garou's alliances with this
totem are thus strong and bound by more than mere neces-
sity. The Falcon is a torem of Honor and Respect. He reacts
poorly to anyone with a permanent Honor of less than two.

Calons of Horus

¢ Individuals: Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 4, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Materialize (Power
cost 17; Str 3, Dex 6, Sta 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Bite: Str +1,
7 Health Levels), Open Sky Bridge*, Reform, Updraft

* Flocks

Small Flock: Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5, Power 65

Large Flock: Rage 8, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8, Power 95

The Great Flock: Unknown

Lesser Flocks: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Create
Wind, Disorient, Flood, Healing, Open Sky Bridge*,
Shatter Glass, Updraft

The Great Flock: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Cleanse
the Blight, Disorient, Flood, Healing, Lightning: Boles,
Open Sky Bridge*, Shatter Glass, Umbrastorm*, Updraft

Image: There is nothing like the Talons of Horus in all ofthe. :
Umbra. They are a mighty storm, composed ofeveryfalconthat _

has ever lived. Theirnumbers include caracas, eavles, gyrfalcons,
hawks, hobbies, kestrels, kites, peregrines, vultures and many
species now extinct. Noneean count their exact number, for
the Great Flock is a maddening vortex of feathered wings,
avian eyes and flashing talons and beaks. Each bitd seems
to be in a constant state of flux, morphing from one falcon
into another. Their bodies seem to flicker fully or partially
out of reality, making an accurate counting impossible.

The greater flocks cause disturbances of local Umbral
weather systems. A static-blue haze envelops them and
thunder crashes through the largest flocks. The Great
Flock spawns natural storms and electricity elementals in
its wake. Crow Gafflings often pursue the Great Flock.
Waters tend to rise beneath the great flock, causing floods.
Even small flocks are difficult to count, since they inces-
santly change from one bird form to another, darting in
and out of the Penumbra. Those who watch a flock of
Talons for long must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 6
outside the flock, 9 inside) or become disoriented (-2 dice
on all Mental rolls).

History: The origins of the Great Flock are obscure. It
is almost as old as Falcon himself and may be his direct
progeny. Most Garou just assume that it has always been
there, growing ever larger over the millennia. lt disappears
over the Horizon for long periods of time and few know
why. The Great Flock has not appeared in the Penumbra
for over six centuries, though a huge Flock was seen in
1945. Large Flocks are seen every year or so. Small flocks
and individuals are relatively common.

"The Talons of Horus" is the Silent Strider name for the
Flock. The Striders seem to know more about it than most

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

cee A gf ARENA TTT EDP CE OE IE,

other Garou except the Silver Fangs. Cataclysms attract
large flocks, though Garou agree that they seem to be on
the right side during such instances. Indeed, servants of
Gaia remain remarkably unharmed, even at the heart of a
frenzied flock. Servants of the Wyrm, however, are not as
lucky. Even an individual Talon will fiercely attack a
Wyrmspawn many times its size. The Great Flock can
purée a Nexus Crawler in seconds. (Nexus Crawlers'
reality-warping powers seem to be greatly weakened when
directed toward the Talons.)

Habitat: The Talons have an affinity with the Deep
Umbra and grow in number, the deeper it gets. The Great
Flock itself disappeared beyond the Horizon and has not been
seen since 1349, at the height of the Black Plague in Europe.
Some theorize that the Great Flock ranges the Deep Umbra,
protecting Gaia from the creatures beyond the Horizon. A
few claim the Great Flock will only return at the Apocalypse.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Wyld

Material Correspondences: Although individual Talons
seem to be of normal avian intelligence, there are ways of
communicating with them (Gift: Spirit Speech). Only the
most basic of communication is possible. Any Garou with

over five points of Honor who serves Falcon may send out a
- distress signal by spending two temporary Gnosis points. The

Garouthen makes a Gnosis rollagainst her permanent Gnosis
rating, difficulty 6. (Subsequentsummoningsare made against
adifficulty of 8. The Gnosis is only spent if the Talons appear.)
Flocks summoned in this manner disperse back into the Deep
Umbra once they lose half their Power. 1-3 successes draws an
individual Falcon Gaffling, 4-5 successes a small flock, and

over five successes summons a large flock.

Gift Lore: Garou may learn certain Gifts by watching
and contemplating the behaviors of these creatures. Their
elaborate sky dances may grant dominion over all Gifts
relating to speed, flight and weather.

Taboos: Talons may not harm those they perceive as
servants of Gaia. This taboo extends to others who may
wish to cause such harm. Minions of the Wyrm engaged in
direct attacks on Gaians cause the Talons to frenzy. The
Talons have an unerring instinct for who serves the Wyrm
and who serves Gaia.

Attitude: The Talons are friendly to all Garou who
follow Gaia or the Wyld, neutral to all Garou who follow
the Weaver, and hostile to the Wyrm.

The Talons' attitude toward the Garou is important
in considering how much damage the Garou takes (if
any) while the Talons swarm. The Talons will take
great pains not to harm a fellow servant of Gaia and
such a servant is safe, even at the heart of the Great
Flock. The Talons will not attack those they are
neutral toward, though they may not take extreme
measures to avoid hurting them either. (Honor seems
to play some part in this.)

Except for when alone, the Talons of Horus attack by
swarming their target. Since they are almost every-


where, damage is automatic while swarming. The target
is, of course, allowed to soak. The best way to escape the
Talons is by quickly returning to the material world.
Small flocks automatically inflict five dice of damage
per turn, large flocks nine. The Great Flock's power is
currently inestimable.

Chiminage: The Talons of Horus are normal birds in
many respects and desire the things that all birds seek
(freedom to soar, food, mating with other bird spirits,
etc.). Garou are obviously best off feeding the flock. The
best way to do this is through gifts of temporary Gnosis.
Gifts of Gnosis and proper deference to a single Talon
may be enough to raise a neutral reaction to a friendly
one, in the eyes of the entire flock (Storyteller's deci-
sion). A gift of one permanent Gnosis may allow a Garou
to take a Talon as a spirit familiar. The Gaffling must
enter the contract willingly. Only those Garou with
three or more Honor may have a Talon as a familiar.

Falcon familiars are loyal friends and competent
allies. my may enter the material world for on y short

may act as spies, ‘nessengeeeied a
Speech and Animal Ken-are essent

impressive. Their combination of speed, aer
and instinctual battle tactics are enough to sur;
most powerful of opponents. The familiar may alse
as an intercessor between the characters and the | x

The Children of Karnak

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 65

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Cleanse the Blight, Heal-
ing, Materialize (Power Cost 30; Str 7, Dex 6, Sta 6, Brawl
5, Dodge 4, Melee 5, Weapon: Str + 3, 7 Health Levels)f,
Shapeshift, Updraft. In addition, many individuals may
possess Control Electrical Systems, Create Fires, Create
Wind, Forest Sense, Lightning Bolts or Open Moon Bridge,
focused through their bizarre technology (see below).

+Attributes for human form. Their falcon or roc forms
vary in power.

Image: The Children of Karnak are a beautiful,
golden-brown skinned people. In the Umbra, they wear
either gold and white robes or leather-studded armor.
On their forays into the material plane, they adopt the
clothing of the appropriate culture, usually dressing
richly. They may use their Shapeshift Charm to assume
the forms of either beautiful falcons or shimmering
golden rocs. The Children of Karnak are magnificent in
any form. Their plumage is usually a magnificent gold,
mixed with fiery orange. In their roc form, they are
almost too beautiful to look at directly.

History: The Children of Karnak were once the guard-
ians of the Celestine Helios's sacred temple of Karnak.

cme TD Ag NII LD EE

When Helios withdrew his direct influence from the
world, over two millennia ago, the Children of Karnak
went out into the world. The temple remains a major holy
site, however, and is still guarded fiercely. Since their
emergence from the temple, they have battled the en-
croachments of the Wyrm, which they blame for the
"exile" of Helios, among other crimes.

The darkest period of their history occurred shortly
after their emergence from the temple, when a powerful
Nephandus mage (see Mage: The Ascension) seized their
souls. The Nephandus held a powerful artifact, named the
Hunger Stone. The Hunger Stone allowed the Wyrm

domination over the Children of Karnak. The Children of

Karnak's escape from bondage coincided with the
Nephandus' death and the Hunger Stone's disappearance
into obscurity. The Children of Karnak turned on their
Wyrm masters and slew thousands. Declaring never to be
enslaved again, they have maintained a strong martial
tradition through the present.
The Children of Karnak wage open war against the
. Theysare born warriors and their assaults are
mally brilliant and often devastating.
ever, and their numbers have
centuries. Embattled, but

The Technology of Karnak

The Children of Karnak possess a unique variety of
cdkey. It is mechanistic and somewhat reminis-

»cent of that: practiced by the Sons of Ether (see Mage:

~The Ascension). Arcane systems of gears, pulleys and
steam turbines drive machines of incredible complex-
ity. Most of their technology is solar powered, though
they also fashion batteries through their knowledge of
"ephemeral alchemy." This technology allows them to
defend their Carrocks. Their primary defensive weap-
ons are solar cannons which emit a coherent beam of
solar light through a series of brass mirrors (coated with
asecret alchemical paint) and directed by glass lenses.
This technology also powers their solar-sailed sky barges.
Personal weaponry includes a wide range of archaic
weapons (bows, spears, sabers), as well as "electrical"
guns (foci for the Charm: Lightning Bolt).

Despite these marvels, their technology has its limits.
They did not originally create this technology, but merely
handed it down through the centuries. The technology was
originally woven from ephemera by Pattern Spiders. Overuse
of this technology may attract Pattern Spiders, who will then
attempt to turn the area into part of the Pattern Web. The
Children of Karnak thus do not use this technology in a
cavalier manner, saving it for times of dire need only. Few
advances — except refinements to existing technology —
have been made. The impact of their technology is also
limited by their rapidly dwindling numbers. Despite their
martial prowess, they, like the Garou, are a dying race.

54 Axis Mundi

0 EER PS ET eteiiemey //,


not broken, the Children of Karnak remain front line
soldiers in the war against the Wyrm.

Habitat: The Children of Karnak live primarily in the
skies of the Penumbra and in the Celestial Realm. They
also concentrate in areas of Wyld energies and have strong
alliances with the Wyld spirits known as Color Clouds
(see Umbra: The Velvet Shadow). They reside in rich,
mountaintop Carrocks, where they lead lives of Spartan
luxury. Although they live in opulent surroundings, their
luxuries are utilitarian in nature.

Spiritual Correspondences: War, protection and free-
dom. They are also Jagelings of Victory.

Material Correspondences: There is no way to sum-
mon or bind a Child of Karnak against her will (except
through the Hunger Stone). There are, however, secret
phrases taught by them to their allies. The use of one of
these phrases makes the user a beacon to any Children of
Karnak nearby. They will usually investigate and aid the
source of this beacon. (The Garou must spend a Gnosis
point and roll Intelligence + Occult at difficulty 7. The
call's range depends on the number of successes.)

Gift Lore: Predominantly Gifts of war. They are most
likely to teach these gifts to Silver Fangs, Ahroun and
Garou with an Honor of four or more.

Taboos: Taboos in Children of Karnak society are
primarily ones of honor. They consider lies to be the
worst type of insult imaginable. There is a strict regime

of societal peer pressure to enforce honor, as well as
legal remedies, ranging from expulsion to execution.
(Death is always swift and usually painless.) Falcon
enforces taboos through a curse. This curse involves a
reduction of all dice pools by anywhere from -I to -4.
Severity and duration correspond with the severity of
the infraction. Extenuating circumstances and strengths
of character may partially mitigate the above penalties.

Attitude: The Children are friendly to most martial
tribes of Garou, particularly the Silver Fangs, who are still
aligned with Falcon. They react coolly to Bone Gnawers,
Glass Walkers and Uktena. They actively hate the Black
Spiral Dancers and dislike the "skulking" Shadow Lords.
Oddly enough, these martial spirits are also hostile to the
Children of Gaia. They consider the Children of Gaia's
path of peace to be weak, foolish and possibly even
dangerous. They never attack such Garou, however, be-
cause they consider them sheep not worth the trouble.

Chiminage: The Children of Karnak seek no gifts or
baubles in return for their aid. All they seek are alliances
with other brave and honorable beings. They couch their
chiminage in terms of treaties, non-aggression pacts and
alliances. A service bestowed, begets a service in return. It
isa very quid pro quo system. Those who break their chiminage
are oath-broken, and the Children's attitude toward them
worsens. (Those who were already viewed with hostility may
attract the attention of the Servants of Calamity.)

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters 55

Of POPE Ee Ps Ts item 7 /.


Servants of Calamity

The Children of Karnak still in the Wyrm's thrall
are the servitors of Calamity, the Beast-of-War. The
Children of Karnak hate them in the same way that
most Garou despise the Black Spiral Dancers. They
possess many strange and loathsome Bane Charms.
They are every bit as beautiful as their opposite
numbers, but their beauty is corrupt. In human form
their skin is corpse-white and their eyes are like shiny
black stones. Their roc forms are hurricanes of night-
mare, torn from the abyss.

Firebirds

Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Willpower 7, Power 80
Charms:
Bird: Access Caern*, Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight,
Healing, Updraft
Fire Bird: Access Caern*, Airt Sense, Cleanse: the
Blight, Control Electrical Systems, Create Wind, Open,
Sky Bridge, Updraft

Image: Firebirds are named appropriately. They appe:
either as ordinary birds, albeit ones of extraordinary plumage

embedded in their plumage, but the distortion field that
surrounds them makes it difficult to tell in either form. They
are far more "ethereal" in mature than' the previous two

first purple, then red and gold as it rises toward their throat,
which has a collarlike band of midnight-blue feathers.

In Firebird form, they are almost too beautiful to look
at. Their eyes are either glacial blue, or glints of sunlight.
In either case, they sparkle with intelligence. Many of
their under feathers are deep purple. Some wear strange
accouterments (necklaces, crowns, monocles, etc.). Their
talons are extremely dexterous and capable of superhu-
man skill in manipulating most artifacts.

History: The Firebirds were born from the eye of Helios.
Advisors and boon companions to Garou heroes of past
millennia, their exploits figure prominently in the final
years of the Impergium, when they played some part in the
formation of the Concord and the Litany. The Firebirds are
guardians of humanity, as well as Gaia. Like the Children of
Karnak, many Firebirds fell briefly under the power of the
Wyrm and unwillingly provided it with much useful infor-
mation about the forces of Gaia. Due to their single-minded
pursuit of intellectual rewards, some are still susceptible to
seduction by the Wyrm. Wyrm-corrupted Firebirds take on
a pale blue flame and are a royal-purple in their bird form.

The Firebirds are the proof of the Falcon Totem's repu-
tation for insight. Nominally associated with the Weaver,
they are keepers of the Falcon's lore, a lore that stretches

or as fiery birds of lambent flame. There.seem to be jewels:

pe aN

over the millennia. This lore is stored in great patterns of
colored light. The Firebirds return everything they learn to
the Light Web as a thread of glowing, solar ephemera. Each
color of web indicates a different "flavor" of knowledge. The
web is the repository of all the Firebirds' knowledge, accu-
mulated over the millennia. It is a database of knowledge
about the Umbra, surpassed by few, ifany, other spirits. The
Light Web is an artifact of Helios's honor and rationality
aspects. As such, the Light Web is a construct of the "sane"
Weaver and those Garou who know of it do not consider it
corrupt. The Firebirds vigorously protect the Light Web
from corruption. Firebirds may access the Light Web through
special nodes (Enigma and Knowledge Caerns) around the
world by using their Access Caern Charm.

Habitat: Firebirds live at Weaver-oriented
Anchorheads between the Near and Deep Umbra. Their
Carrocks are in alien, possibly extra-dimensional, struc-
tures known as Menger sponges. These fractal structures
seem to occur naturally near domains of the Weaver.
They are giant cubes studded Py thousands of square

successes eared
here are few who can
>birds are one of the
ate the sponges. They
le safe havens.

2 Knowledge, wisdom and

broods. Their bird forms have a wingspan of about eight feet. ‘
They are predominantly a brilliant scarlet with orange and _
gold highlights. Their lower abdomen is.a dark blue that turns

: s: There are two ways of gain-
attention of the Firebirds. The first is to build a large
collection of knowledge. The other is by acquiring one of
their feathers asa fetish. Firebird feathers may create a direct
mental link to the bird it came from (costing 2 Gnosis to
activate). The Firebird may decide if it wishes to answer
such an invitation. Firebirds may make gifts of their feathers
to scholars whom they find particularly promising.
Gift Lore: Knowledge and wisdom Gifts

Taboos: Few things are more odious to the Firebirds
than the corruption, revision or unscrupulous use of
knowledge. For this reason the Firebirds are quite par-
ticular with whom they share their knowledge. Although
they view knowledge as a commodity and an arbiter of
status, there are few Firebirds who will break this taboo.
Such an action would corrupt the Light Web and damage
their reputation as honest brokers of information. There
are, however, a few Firebirds who place wealth above the
purer faith. Most Firebirds revile these rogue informa-
tion brokers, but many other unscrupulous parties seek
them; including agents of the Wyrm. Light Web knowl-
edge used for unscrupulous ends calcifies that strand of
the Light Web.

Attitude: Firebirds are friendly to Glass Walkers, Silver
Fangs, Silent Striders, Theurges and Galliards. They ac-
tively dislike Ahrouns and Ragabash.

56 Axis Mundi

OA. PT niente //,

AN

"NX N

ee

Chiminage: Firebirds prize knowledge over all other
things and many seek their lore. They are particularly
knowledgeable about the many other spirits living in the
Umbra. They trade in knowledge, requiring information
of equal value in return for their wisdom (haggling is
permitted). They are an information-based society and
have a complex and arcane system for deciding the rela-
tive worth of pieces of knowledge, measured in units called
"nasi" Thissyster, sanderskand. by few outside nfRirshind
society, leads some to conclude that they are unscrupulous
in their dissemination of information. While Firebirds are
canny in their transactions, they are usually honest.

Fenris's Brood

Great Fenris is a harsh master. He demands almost
endless sacrifice from his Get, and in return he grants them
the power to survive at almost any cost. The price for
cowardice is death, for Fenris cannot abide the fearful
heart. The reward for courage is a place beside Fenris
himself when the Ragnarok is finally at its climax and the
final battle rages at Vigrithr.

The spirits who follow Fenris are, for the most part, as
harsh and unforgiving as Fenris himself. Very few of
Fenris' brood will tolerate even the slightest deviation
from the proper rituals for summoning them. None will
associate with a coward. The cold Northern territories are
often affiliated with the brood of Fenris, and not unjustly
so. Many of the spirits who join with Fenris appear cold
and barren when first seen. Beyond what is immediately
obvious, however, a wealth of beauty and power waits.
At all times, the brood of Fenris note how the Garou
they meet act, and report any impropriety to Fenris.

Surtur

Rage 10, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast Flame, Create Fires, Mate-
tialize, Open Moon Bridge

Image: The Surtur are massive, appearing as giants,
standing as much as 30 feet tall. All of the Surtur look as
if they belong in the past; they are girded in furs and sport
long, flowing beards and hair — though all of this is made
of flame. When Materialized, these fire giants often carry
short swords or battle axes.

History: The Surtur have existed since the cre-
ation of the earth. Great Fenris created the Surtur to
serve him in fending off the great Fimbul Winter, a
task they still stand prepared to handle. However,
more than merely fire elementals, the Surtur are also
the spirits of the berserker. Above all else, the Surtur
fuel the rages of the Get of Fenris. Until the Ragnarok
is completed, their task is to make certain the Get of
Fenris do not fall victim to a false sense of peace.
Though the forming of the Gauntlet prevents them
from visiting this world without great effort, they can

W a Gea a


still see through the eyes of their children, the hearth-
fires and flames of Yule.

Habitat: The Surtur are normally found in areas where
the Wyld still holds dominion. However, many have made
their homes in Valhalla and still more tend to the needs of
Helios, ensuring that he remains protected from the Wyrm's
influence. The Surtur are almost always in their lodges,
and are only absent about a tenth of the time.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Surtur hold power
over fire and many of the associated powers of fire. They
are spirits of Rage, of war and of soothsaying. Many of the
Get believe the Surtur are responsible for deciding which
of the Get of Fenris are worthy of fighting at Ragnarok.

Material Correspondences: The Surtur make certain
demands to any who summon them. They require the
blood of an enemy and the sacrifice of at least a pound of
iron ore. It is believed the blood is used to cool the iron
once the metal has been forged by the Surtur. It is very rare
to find a Surtur who is willing to be d. Those that can
be convinced will only allow
within a weapon. Should ag
will, the rest of the Su
their counterpart is fre

Gift Lore: The Su
Rage, war and soothsay

Taboos: Much like t
never turn down a challen
into a deep Slumber whi
comes or if they are given
sacrifices."

from the Sept of the Blood Fist t
one entire decade. Should a G
himself to a Slumbering Surtur,
immediately.

Attitude: The Surtur are friendly ¢
and all other warlike tribes. To those who fight against the
Wyrm they are neutral, and to the few who would demand
peace, they are hostile.

Chiminage: Much like Fenris himself, the Surtur de-
mand courage and respect from the Garou whom they
face. While the Get should bravely face the Surtur, they
should never cause insult. Should the offense be minor,
the Surtur will simply cuff the Garou across the head,
rather like an insolent child. Should the Get actually
anger the Surtur, they will be incinerated for their troubles.
For teaching Gifts, the Surtur demand the blood of a
recently slain foe. Should there be no recent conquests,
the Surtur require their pupil to find one. The price for
being bound into a fetish is much higher, however, and the
Surtur demand either one limb of the person making this
request — traditionally the right hand and forearm — or
a very major quest. The task set by the Surtur might be as
vague as "Thou must purge the Black Forest of all Leeches,"
or as precise as "By the time when Luna once again shows

ee a

her full face, you must do battle with and defeat three
minions of Jormangundr." In all cases, the quest demands
great physical strength and martial abilities. If a character
can manage the nearly impossible tasks demanded by the
Surtur, they would likely receive at least 4 Glory, 2
Wisdom and 2 Honor Renown.

The Norns

Rage 5, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10, Power 80

Charms: Cleanse the Blight, Frozen Breath, Healing,
Reform, Shapeshift, Tracking

Image: The Norns normally appear to the Get of Fenris
as three women. Sometimes these women are young and
beautiful, with fine golden hair and leather battle gear. At
other times, they appear as crones, with thick white manes
of hair and woolen robes.
istor is have always been. Some say that

ianna, Silver Fa sands Silent Striders as well as with
Black Furies. However, the. methods of summoning
differ for each of the Tribes. No one is certain why
Norns chose certain tribes to deal with while com-
ly disregarding others. The Get of Fenris hold them
hest regard.

bitat: The Norns are often found in glens, and
Ily around a serene body of water. They have never

"been seen away from these glens, but none can say for

certain if they live in these tranquil places.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Norns are spirits of
wisdom. Many claim the Norns can teach Godi (Theurges)
they find worthy how to see the future and how best to
interpret their dreams.

Material Correspondences: The Norns willingly teach
gifts to Godi of the Get of Fenris. When summoning the
Norns, the Theurge must use newly spun wool and purified
water as sacrifices. They do not require sacrifices from the
Garou they teach, save that the seers must never lie to any
who ask them questions. Should the Garou be forced to
lie, the Norns will demand fur and blood from the offender
before answering another summons. While the Norns
themselves cannot be bound, they have been known to
summon other, lesser spirits who serve them and permit
those minor Norns to be bound into fetishes of wisdom.

Gift Lore: The Norns can teach all Gifts dealing with
wisdom and the future. They teach many of the Get of
Fenris Theurges the proper method for casting runes.

Taboos: The Norns may not lie, nor can they tell the
entire truth. Much like the Totem Chimera, the trio

58 Axis Mundi

AO. Pe einer //,


always gives the answers to the questions they are asked in
the form of riddles. The only exception to this rule is when
the Norns are teaching Gifts. Legends tell of how the
Norns once told the full truth in a time of great need and
were forced into a deep Slumber. A brave young Garou by
the name of Tor Jagged-Fang did battle against an Unseelie
troll and washed the Norns in his slain enemy's blood in
order to revive the three.

Attitude: The Norns are friendly to the Get of Fenris.
They do, however, tend to be somewhat condescending.
The Get are treated as favored grandchildren, until they
manage to offend the Norns, in which case they are
ignored completely. The Norns have never answered the
calls of any Garou outside of the Get of Fenris.

Chiminage: The Norns' requests for payment differ
from character to character. From one they might request
asmall personal item. From one they might request a song
of the past. In most cases, the sacrifice seems small at first,
but truly monumental upon reflection. The small item

they ask for might be the only-treasure taken from a.

dangerous quest, or r the song might be: quested fro

truth so long as othe fetish is ee

The Fimbul Wolves

Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Forest Senses:
Materialize, Reform a.

Image: Large white wolves with cold blue:
frost-covered pelts. Le

History: The Fimbul Wolves have
created by Fenris. They were never seen before the First
World War. Some believe that these spirits were created
to help bring about the great winter which will signal the
Ragnarok. There are rumors that these spirits aid Fenris on
the sly, watching over the abandoned pups who later
became the Ymir's Sweat.

Habitat: The Fimbul Wolves dwell in the mountains which
surround the Vigrithr. They are known to travel, however, and
are only found near their habitats about half of the time.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Fimbul Wolves are
spirits of war and revenge. They also hold power over the
cold wastes.

Material Correspondences: Summoning these spirits re-
quires the sacrifice of the summoner's blood and flesh. This
is normally handled by opening a wound in the hand with a
knife, or if the summons is urgent, by biting a chunk of flesh
from the forearm and spitting the meat into a burning fire.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

Y/R, Ps a yy,

Gift Lore: The Fimbul Wolves can teach Gifts of
protection and Gifts used to track an enemy. They also
teach many of the Gifts of war. Some claim that the North
American Get of Fenris left behind by the Vikings in the
long distant past — the Ymir's Sweat — are taught the
Gifts of the Wendigo by the Fimbul Wolves.

Taboos: The Fimbul Wolves may not refuse an honor-
able challenge, nor may they allow anyone who has
slighted them to live. Should they fail to seek revenge,
they will die within one lunar month.

Attitude: The Fimbul Wolves are friendly to the Get of
Fenris, but are seldom known for their kindness to other
tribes. The only Garou they are openly hostile toward are
the Fianna and the Uktena, though their reasons for this
attitude are not clear.

Chiminagessanes Fimbul ‘Wolves will teach Gifts to any

ves will only willingly allow themselves to be
Get who has never fled from battle. The Get
cessfully bind these spirits must always get revenge
ie who escape them, or forfeit the fetish

ge 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8, Power 20

-harms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Materialize, Reform

Image: Just as the name implies, these spirits take the

1 of large ravens.

History: Legend says that Great Fenris created his
fn. to remind the Get of Fenris that there is more to life

ian simply war. The Hrafn have always spent their time

aching the wisdom of humor and the Gifts of the

Rotagar (Ragabash) to the Get.

Habitat: The Hrafn dwell inglens, where they perch in trees
and watch all that goes on around them with cunning eyes.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Hrafn hold power
over cunning and, to a lesser degree, wisdom.

Material Correspondences: The Hrafn require only a
handful of coins in order to be summoned. However, the
coins must be properly polished in order for a Hrafn to
appear. A Hrafn is best placed into a fetish designed for
trickery, though some will actually tolerate being placed
in a fetish of war.

Gift Lore: The Hrafn can teach all Gifts of the Rotagar.
They also teach Gifts of observation.

Taboos: The Hrafn are not permitted to take offense at
any jest, nor can they refuse a challenge of wits. Should
they do so, they are cursed with bad luck until they can see
the humor in what has occurred. The Rotagar who can
teach a Hrafn the error of its ways is likely to gain a great
deal of aid from the spirit.


JIM
\ Dacy %
Attitude: The Hrafn are friendly to all Garou, though
they are often quite harsh with their pranks when faced
with a Modi (Ahroun).

Chiminage: The Hrafn insist that a Rotagar wishing to
learn from them solve three riddles. In order to bind a Hrafn
into a fetish, the Ragabash must successfully pull offa prank of
epic proportions, such as causing a minion of the Wyrm to do
Gaia's bidding, or even to kill itself. The character finishing a
quest for the Hrafn is likely to gain as much as 5 Wisdom.

Sturms

Rage 7, Gnosis 9, Willpower 5, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Control Electrical Systems, Cre-
ate Wind, Healing, Lightning Bolts, Reform

Image: The Sturm appear as storm clouds. Those who
look carefully can see the features of rough, angry faces in
the roiling darkness of the Sturm.

History: Fenris created the Sturm in order to ensure that his
Get never grew too complacent. The great winds of winter and
the fearsome storms created by the Sturm are always near, and
they are always ready to test the Get who grows too cocky. In
these last days, the Sturm have grown calmer, as they are
seldom needed to remind the Get of the ever-present dangers.

Habitat: The Sturm live in areas where the Wyld isprevalent.
They can always be found in such places. As often as not, when
astorm strikes in the Gaia Realm, the Sturm are there as well.

\ \ ‘nua?

Spiritual Correspondences: The Sturm are spirits of war.
They also hold sway over the weather and over lost secrets.

Material Correspondences: The Sturm are vain. In
order to summon a Sturm, the character must have rain-
water and a drum for matching the sound of a Sturm's rage.

Gift Lore: The Sturm teach all Gifts related to Rage
and strength. They favor the Modi as their students.

Taboos: The Sturm must wreak havoc, for they are
spirits of the Wyld. Should a Sturm remain calm for too
long, it will fall into a deep Slumber. Only an act of
violence against the Sturm can awaken one from Slum-
ber. In gratitude for the awakening, a Sturm will normally
allow the Garou who chooses this task to live with only
minimal injury.

Attitude: The Sturm are always angry. However, with
those whom they chose to associate with, the anger is
normally only reflected by a strong wind. Those they hate
normally end up seared by tongues of lightning.

Chiminage: As with many of Fenris' Brood, the Sturm
demand blood when summoned. They are not choosy; the
blood can be the summoner's or from a foe. Should a Sturm
be bound, the demand that the bearer of the fetish they are
placed in face the fury of any storm with no protection
beyond mere fur and skin. To date, those who have followed
this request have never been killed in a storm, no matter
what the ferocity.

60 Axis Mundi

OF PT Ss ER imei //,


Bragir
Rage 6, Gnosis 9, Willpower 9, Power 40
Charms: Airt Sense, Heal, Reform, Break Reality,

Forest Sense

Image: The Bragir do not visually manifest in the
Gaia-Realm. In the Umbra they appear as a shimmer-
ing field of multicolored light which constantly
fluctuates. The field of light can be as small as a
snowflake or as large as a mountain.

History: Great Fenris soon discovered that a Garou
deprived of joy and revelry was a Garou who could not
long survive. The rage of the Get has always been both
their greatest strength and their greatest weakness. In
order to remind the Get of what they worked so hard
to preserve, Fenris created the Bragir. These Spirits
exist to remind the Get of Fenris that joy is as neces-
sary as anger, and that the simplest pleasures are the
best. The Bragir are responsible for the songs of honor

and happiness. They are charged. with keeping the Get...
from growing so bitter that they become easy prey for 7

Jormangundr's subtle corruptions.

Habitat: The Bragir make their homes inall parts iol.

the Umbra held by the Wyld. They are seldom. found

in the same place twice.
Spiritual Correspondianees: 7 The Brag

that is required t to catch the attentio

Gift Lore: The Bragir teach the Gifts ;
and all Gifts associated with protection,
defense. .

Taboos: The Bragir may not desttoy: n ything that
is incapable of causing them harm. Should a Bragir
actually attack and destroy a creature of the Wyld, the
spirit dies immediately.

Attitude: The Bragir are constantly filled with a
passion for life. Their interaction with the Get is
always of a pleasant nature. The Get of Fenris ap-
proached by a Bragir is left with a sense of peace and
fulfillment. The minions of the Wyrm are the only
creatures with whom the Bragir are not friendly.

Chiminage: The Bragir demand dance and celebra-
tion as their only sacrifices. However, the Bragir will
only allow themselves to be bound into fetishes of
healing. The Garou who possesses a fetish occupied by
a Bragir must never attempt to use the fetish as a
weapon. Should the Get of Fenris ever raise the fetish
in anger, the abilities of the fetish will not work again.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

Cuckoo

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Healing,
Shapeshift

Image: The Cuckoo Gafflings appear as birds, though
there is no guarantee what sort of bird a Cuckoo will chose
to look like. Most of the time, the Cuckoo appear as their
natural form, black birds with red wings and savage beaks
for pecking.

History: Fenris did not create the Cuckoo, nor did he
choose to associate with them. The Cuckoo chose Fenris.
As their physical counterparts started to die out, the Cuckoo
came to Fenris and offered to sing for him and to serve him
if he in turn would offer them protection. Amused by their
direct attitude and unusual antics, Fenris agreed.

Habitat: The Cuckoo'live throughout the Umbra,
dwelling wherever there are forests in which to hide.
Many dwell: near or in Valhalla, serving Fenris as they
swore to do.

S jiritual Correspondences: The Cuckoo hold sway
ver respect and cunning. They are the memory of Fenris
and expert in the art of singing.

Material Correspondences: The Cuckoo require feath-
rom as many. different: birds as possible as their only
and for summoning. The more feathers one can bring,
better the chances of gaining aid from the Cuckoo.

The Cuckoo favor musical instrumentsas their new homes,

hen they agree to be bound by the Garou.
sift Lore: The Cuckoo teach the Gifts of the Skald
Jalliard) and can also teach the Garou Skalds the art

aboos: The Cuckoo may not willingly enter into the
Gaia Realm. To do so is to die. If forced into the Gaia
Realm, they are turned to stone. The only way they may
then be free is to physically be carried into the Umbra.
They would likely be very grateful to any who aid them.
Attitude: The Cuckoo are decidedly friendly to all
Garou, save those who chose to dance with Jormangundr.
While they are the memory of Fenris, they also tend to be
fairly light-hearted, and often tend to insult their associ-
ates in ways that are not immediately noticeable.
Chiminage: The Cuckoo demand songs in exchange for Gifts.
When bound, the Cuckoo bans the bearer of the fetish from ever
attacking any bird, save for those which are Wyrm-tainted.

Aegir
Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6, Power 60

Charms: Flood, Materialize, Open Moon Bridge,
Shapeshift, Short Out

Image: The Aegir take any number of forms, but are
fond of appearing as Garou created from bodies of water.


History: When the time came for the Fenrir — who
later became the Get of Fenris — to move into new lands
and across the seas, Fenris created the Aegir to aid them.
The Aegir were instrumental in assisting the Vikings and
the Get in traveling to other parts of the world.

Habitat: The Aegir always dwell in bodies of water in
the Umbra. From the smallest streams to the mightiest
oceans, they are there, waiting and watching.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Aegir hold sway over the
oceans and rivers. They are the spirits of good luck in travel and
safety.

Material Correspondences: The Aegir demand burnt
offerings and purified water in their summoning. The
sacrifices made to the Aegir must be placed in a wooden
bowl and set upon the waters before they are ignited.

Gift Lore: The Aegir teach Gifts of travel. Many of the
Get are also taught how to use a moon-bridge by the Aegir.
Taboos: The Aegir may not leave the waterg:where

waters, the will soon drop into a SI
in water again and given a burnt offe
go toany lengths to prote,
the Get of Fenris to assist t

Attitude: The Aegir are mood
the spirit may be friendly and peace
and violent a few momen
Garou unless they are attacked
known to provoke attacks if the

Chiminage: The Aegir demas
purified water or a promis
While the Aegir dislike being pla
do so fora very large sacrifice. The Getioften use the bodies
of their slain as a method of bargaining with the Aegir.
Aegir will only concede to being bound within a weapon
or a fetish with a reflective surface.

Grandfather Thunder's
Brooe

" in two ways aman may come with evil tidings. He may
be aworker of evil; or he may be such as leaves well alone, and
comes only to bring aid in time of need."

"That is so," said Wormtongue; "but there is a third kind:
pickers of bones, meddlers in other men's sorrows, carrion-
fowl that grows fat on war. What aid have you ever brought,
Stormcrow? And what aid do you bring now?"

— Gandalf and Grima Wormtongue, The Two Towers

Power is seductive. Grandfather Thunder and his
brood understand all the aspects of power in its crudest
form, including the fear and respect that come with it.
When power is seized by crude methods, deceit, subter-
fuge and conspiracy are often involved. In places where
the power of Grandfather is strongest, this is the coin of
the realm.

ge

Many spirits of Thunder's brood are well-trained in the
arts of subterfuge. In fact, many are spirits that have gone
astray, such as the rogue Raven Gafflings, who turn from
the way of their Incarna, and Pain-spirits who once served
the purposes of the Wyrm. Thunder subjugates those who
meet with his goals. These servants, then, are rarely what
they seem, and through seduction, lies, torment or fear,
they have all come to understand the way of Thunder.

Those who do not understand the brood of Thunder
sometimes claim that his spirits drift perilously close to the
methods of the Wyrm. Some opinionated Theurges claim
that Thunder's way is not always Gaia's way. It is like a
narrow path that leads up the side of a mountain. The
footing is treacherous, and it skirts the edge of a yawning
abyss. No matter how fast an ambitious Garou's ascent may
be, one false step can result in utter failure. Many Shadow
Lords gladly take that risk in the pursuit of seductive power.
The brood of Thunder misdirects and hinders those on the
who do not possess the reasoning to triumph.

nosis 6, Willpower 9, Power 35
) reate Wind, Tracking

5 are foul, dark, raucous avians who
and destruction. Many of their masters
‘ formcrows cower as they carry
lords and masters. Circling
t always herald misfortune.
fing the livpergium, Crow was a powerful
aight. He was submissive to the way of all

things, upholding civility and keeping the ways of Gaia.

As Crow was.a humble totem who bowed before strength,
his brood was intrigued by the might of Grandfather
Thunder. His spirits were drawn to caerns where Shadow
Lord tyrants gained power. There they fulfilled their
darker urges, blissfully enjoying submission to power and
witnessing the strength of dominators. In this way, the
Crow Incarna became submissive to the designs of Grand-
father Thunder.

When the Impergium ended and the rise of humanity
brought an end to Gaia's perfect world, Crow felt a sting of
betrayal. He then became fully complicit with Thunder's
wishes, acting as his eyes and ears to help wreak vengeance
against those who brought the Impergium to an end. His
Gafflings sought out dark secrets that the servants of Thun-
der could best put to use, and they help his children follow
their path to ascendance and power. As such, Stormcrow
Gafflings have become servants of Thunder as well.

Habitat: Stormcrows seek out spiritual carrion. They
hunger for chances to benefit from the peril and misery of
others, and wherever the weak are ready for exploitation,
Stormcrows will circle and watch carefully. They can
easily be distracted by any opportunity that shines or
glitters, but they require creatures more powerful than
themselves to seize what they desire.

62 Axis Mundi

AOL PT TR nn inieney //


Spiritual Correspondences: Stormcrows are typically
humble, yet envious of those who are near power. They
commune with many dark gods and spirits. As they bow to
the will of their masters, they learn of humility and obedi-
ence. Asallies of the Lords of the Summit, the most powerful
of the Shadow Lords, they are reverent toward those who
espouse necessary cruelty and exhibit the purity of true
tyrants. They boldly traffic with spirits of deception and pain.

As servants of Thunder and the Shadow Lords, they
also know the value of loyalty, for while they are percep-
tive and know dark secrets, they require the assistance of
creatures more powerful than themselves when seizing
more violent opportunities.

Material Correspondences: Gentle devices of restraint
and voluntary submission are admired by Stormcrows.
They like to submit to strength, just as they enjoy watch-
ing others submit. Leather bindings and instruments of
gentle flogging are good examples. Feathers, black candles
and soft chanting also please them.

Gift Lore: Stormcrows know an impressive array of
secrets, including Aura of Confidence, Fatal Flaw, Clap of
Thunder, Sight from Beyond, Icy Chill of Despair, Strength
of the Dominator and Obedience. They are also known for
their perceptiveness, as they serve as the eyes and ears of
Grandfather Thunder.

Taboos: The loyalty of a Stormcrow borders on fanati-
cism. If it is slighted, or a Stormcrow is betrayed, it will never

ccs TD Ig GAMA T EP CE OA IE

forget the offense. It will then find someone more powerful
than itself to invoke retribution or go about its own revenge
with remarkable subtlety.

Attitude: Their attitude can be difficult to determine, as
they love to employ emotional subterfuge. A Stormcrow's
submission and etiquette can insult or revere, and the most
eloquent employ delicate shades of nuance in their replies.
In short, if you're not a Shadow Lord, don't believe them.

Chiminage: A Stormcrow must be convinced that the
cause he serves is worthwhile. The reputation of any given
Garou will be spread throughout murders of Stormcrows, as
Grandfather Thunder is aware of the success, failure and
infamy of his children. Learning a Gift from a Stormcrow
requires the patronage of Grandfather himself. When the
time is right, the opportunity will be there.

Rogue Raven Gafflings

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 35

Charms: Acquisition*, Airt Sense, Tracking

Image: Sleek and powerful, these elegant scavengers are
known for their voracious appetites and astounding ingenu-
ity. Their eyes are bright, and they often hold a mocking or
arrogant posture. Garou who travel with them eventually
adopt similar poses.

History: Ravens have been, are, and always will be trick-
sters. Their Incarna is equally devious, for although he watches
over his more respectable children, some of them have strayed.


cam ra fA

Get of Fenris maintain a respectable relationship with the
Raven Incarna, but rogue Raven Gafflings prefer to serve
Thunder. It is also not uncommon for a Raven Gaffling to
slowly drift from one affiliation to other, or even to acknowl
edge both spiritual fathers at once. The ones who have "gone
rogue" are often exemplars of ingenuity and independence.

The Incarna itself has also changed over the years. Atthe end

- Lr of the Impergium, the 16 major totems were greatly respected by
7 the Garou Nation. Raven, however, was never as revered by the
| Get as much as his more esteemed cousin, Fenris. Desirous of
| power, the Raven Incarna sent his Gafflings to seek out the
outcasts and rogues of the Garou. Since Raven is often cognizant
| of the machinations of the devious, he found what he sought.

When the Impergium ended, and the Shadow Lords orga-
nized themselves, Raven sent his children to watch over the
tricksters of the tribe as they established their homelands in
southern Europe. Yet as the Get of Fenris cared for their
homelands in the distant north, theycommuned witha different
Raven, one less sinister. Thus, Rogue Raven Gafflings are
familiar with two spiritual homelands: the harsh lands of the Get
in the north and the dark lands of the Lords in the south. Just as
these spirits wander freely, the reputation of the Raven Incarna
varies from culture to culture. Ravens are admired for their

perceptiveness in guarding against tricksters and defamed for
their tendency to use their talents for their own gain.

Ragabash and Shadow Lords who commune with Rogue
Raven Gafflings don't gain much prestige, but they're still
respected for the talents they learn. As the numbers of
outcasts and metis have increased in the Garou Nation, so
has the population of Raven Gafflings.

Habitat: Rogue Raven Gafflings hide their nests, as
well as their treasures. It is easier for a Raven-spirit to find
a suitable accomplice (or shill) than it is for a devious
Garou to hunt one down. Some gather around places
where trickery is rife — such as carnivals, casinos or
hideouts — and try to keep up on the latest innovations.

Spiritual Correspondences: Rogue Raven Gafflings have
always valued their independence very highly. They offer
Garou a path to follow that does not rely on killing or
conquest. Some Shadow Lords, for instance, set aside the
call of political ambition to focus on a path of self-reliance
and "living on the edge." Rogue Raven Gafflings and their
Garou associates test themselves against adversity.

Material Correspondences: All varieties of Raven-
spirits are known for their insatiable hunger, and offering
one treasure or victuals gains his attention. The typical
rogue Raven is vain about his brilliance, so offering him a
! chance to help gaina very elusive prize will also engage his

curiosity. He does not like treasures that are easily won.
What you can promise to help him get is far more attrac-
tive than anything you actually have.
Gift Lore: Gifts involving theft and lies or the detec-
tion of thieves and liars are known to these spirits. Thieving
yy Talons of the Magpie, Taking the Forgotten and Glib
x

Tongue are good examples. Shadow Lords have been

Az a ar Pe ae

known to learn the Truth of Gaia Gift from Raven-spirits,
while outcasts seek the Raven's Wings Gift.

Taboos: Simply put, never give a sucker an honest
break. Just as Thunder enforces natural selection by fur-
thering the dominance of the strong over the submission
of the weak, Raven Gafflings promote a sort of economic
evolution. The ingenious win, and the gullible lose.

Attitude: Friendly, but haughty and boisterous. Raven
Gafflings are damn good at what they do, and they know it.

Chiminage: Never try to cheat a cheater. A Garou who
wishes to learn secrets from a Raven-spirit has to act as an
accomplice to its scam. If it succeeds, the Garou will learn an
appropriate Gift in the process; if it fails, the Raven will scam
the Garou to add insult to injury. If necessary, the petitioner
will take the blame if the attempt fails. Any further requests
will be met with an answer equivalent to "What's in it for

me?" A suggestion of a valuable prize that the Raven would
be interested in, ora method of obtaining an item the Raven
is already interested in, will excit

Night-spirits

Image: Night-spirits drift in
usually elusive. They most commor
and shadows, yet whé#
they communicate with unner¥
For those who know how to hear thé
or the sound of wind in the
Powerful spirits of the nig
mimic creatures who are not

éte... or,gH6uld not be.

History: In legendary times, hérrors walked the
night openly. The spirits of the night were the most
arrogant of all, and they felt an alliance to the pall of
fear that surrounded them. Dark forests in the dead of
night became breeding grounds for these entities. The
raising of the Gauntlet drove away their terror, and so,
like other spirits, their ways became more subdued.
Night-spirits were once also able to communicate
freely with the spirits of the dead, but the Shroud that
was established by Man's growing fear of death broke
off this communion as well.

Habitat: These spirits rejoice in darkness. They
prefer to hide from other living things, venturing forth
only to greet those in a proper frame of mind, one
brought about by contemplation and solitude. They
feel an attraction to the same sorts of areas where the
Shroud is typically low, that is, areas where the Rest-
less Dead may attempt to contact the world of the
living. Deep forests, empty houses and burial caerns
are all suitable places.

Spiritual Correspondences: Night-spirits represent
secrecy. Lesser creatures who commune with them may be
enticed to confide their darkest secrets. They love to
watch those who are alone, waiting for them to commit

cen DI Ag AEDT FE CE OR IES

shameful acts or utter shameful words. With assistance,
their deception can take physical form, as they can assume
the shape of others with great effort. While Thunder has
created many of these spirits within his brood, some have
been known to serve Uktena as well.

Material Correspondences: Objects that conceal or
that create darkness delight them. Thick cloth, cloaks and
shrouds are all suitable.

Gift Lore: Gifts of shadow, secrecy and fear

Taboos: Light and flame are anathema to such entities, but
honest truth is even more painful. Killing a lie with the truth
will drive away a Night- Spirit, as will exposing the truth
behind deception. Honor and justice force them into Slumber.

Attitude: Neutral, with ill intent.

Chiminage: Dark secrets are valued treasures to these
creatures. It is generally regarded as wise to disclose the
secrets of others you may have recovered rather than
relinquishing your own.

age 8, Gnosis 5, Power 20
ession, Corruption, Agony
mpish creatures are abominations
t obscene and unnatural physiognomy.
»and bone defy the el-
Distorted faces reveal their endless
mmunicate in chitters, shufflings and
sion that can distract them from
ring is t 1é stifering they inflict on others or
2 tBochers inflict for amusement.

Nature is not without its cruelty. Pain teaches
the crudest form of strength, and eliciting fear and pain
demands the crudest form of respect. Servants of Thunder
have been known to dominate and command these
Epiphlings through their force of will. Thunder reviles the
weak, and the weak are prey for spirits of Pain.

When the world was in balance, pain was honest. Man
recognized his own mortality, and the force of death was
strong. As men neglected the world of spirit and uninten-
tionally brought about the Gauntlet, Pain Gafflings became
more twisted in their ways. Innovations in medical technol-
ogy have reduced their presence in the largest cities. Crude
physical suffering was once the most direct way of satiating
their hunger, but as their methods have evolved, emotional
and spiritual emptiness now sustain them even better.

Habitat: Spirits of Pain seek out places of torture and
torment, or wherever the weak, sick or troubled find
anguish. In the wilderness, they hunt the wounded and
feed by intensifying their suffering, working as harvesters
of misery. In the world of men, hospitals, insane asylums,
interment camps and broken homesare all frequent haunts.
These spirits cannot materialize in the physical world, but
they can, with great effort, cross the boundary into the
Shadowlands, the realm of the Restless Dead. Many "va-
cation" in the Atrocity Realm and Erebus.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters 65

/ arias riley //,


"sy | ; ~<:
DIR \\ || CAN
Quy

Spiritual Correspondences: Pain-spirits are Gafflings
of Respect. Once they punished those who disregarded
their own mortality, but in the shadow of the Apoca-
lypse, humans freely seek them to bring about their own
self-destruction. The ways of pain are subtle and varied.

Such entities typically have a natural affinity to the
Wyrm, but Grandfather can conquer fear and pain
through his strength. His children can set pain to their
purpose, and they can overcome the distraction of pain
through will. Pain is an integral part of a Shadow Lord's
psyche. By understanding her own pain and overcoming
it, she may develop a preternatural awareness of the
intricacies of suffering, and the most corrupt of Theurges
become fluent in its language.

Material Correspondences: These creatures worship
implements of torture and mutilation, and will relish the
thought of being bound to such devices. However, it is
not uncommon for them to inhabit modern talens, such
as highly addictive days These gninits can also mask
pain, but only so that humans can destroy themselves
enough to feel greater pain later. Blood, flesh and bone
are all adored, but more subtle entities prefer tears,
mementos of tragic accidents and objects imbued with
the resonance of despair.

Gitt Lore: Shadow Lords (and learned' Garou) can
learn the Open Wound Gift from these spirits, while
Ragabashes can learn the Whelp Body Gift. Shadow
Lord cultists can learn more exotic arts involving the
preservation, reduction, or magnification of pain. Ser-
vants of the Wyrm have been known to "tame" these
creatures and keep them as pets.

Taboos: Denying one's own pain will not drive away
these spirits, but will instead enrage them. The peti-
tioner must find the truth that is hidden behind pain.
He must either understand his suffering or empathize
with those who suffer to placate the spirit. If he deadens
the pain or hardens his heart to the suffering, he will
never come to understand the dark wisdom these spirits
possess. Regardless of whether the wound is physical,
psychic or spiritual, the spirit will not go into Slumber
until the wound is healed.

Some Theurges are able to defeat these spirits
through wisdom. Ifa Garou can commune with a Pain-
spirit, he may gain insights into the source of another
creature's suffering. If he can trick the spirit into
revealing the origin of the pain, the tormentor can be
forced into Slumber.

Attitude: Hostile and mistrusting. Spirits of Pain
live in a continual state of desperation. The spiritual
energy they require to alleviate their own suffering is
wept from the souls of the diseased and anguished.
Wihile nbyical main is the frashasr and mast delicious
form of imminence, emotional and spiritual suffering is
a more exotic delicacy.


Chiminage: A Gaffling of this sort delights in watch-
ing anguish. Some will accept stories of emotional or
spiritual torment, but they'd best be damned convinc-
ing ones. When speaking with Spirits of Pain, it is best
to negotiate from a position of strength, as any weak-
ness will be sought out and exploited.

Shadow Lord cultists who serve the Mask (see The
Werewolf Players Guide) have a strong affinity to these
spirits. They summon these servitors by mutilating their
own bodies. The incisions must be made slowly if the
scars are to remain afterward, but Gaia has gifted them
with regenerative powers that will partially heal their
wounds. Thus, these cultists come to understand which
techniques are the most painful, and as allies of the
Spirits of Pain, they know best how to harness it to their
use. Revealing membership in this cult will bring shame
upon a Shadow Lord among his own kind, yet the art of
creating wounds by focusing one's Rage is known to
many of the most powerful Lords.

Griffin's Brood

The Griffin is an animal that flies through the air. It
fearsome to see for it has the body and claws of the lion a
wings, head, and fierce beak of the eagle. All men sho
it because it feasts upon them at any opportunity.

— The Medieval Bestiary

Griffin is not one to dote upon his serva
that follows Griffin must be independet
When Griffin takes his brood hunti
both to keep up and to do his part
quarry. Griffin's camp is not a gefitle p
ships between the spirits are based on miut

only brave, but competent soa worthy Il, or the spirit
will not think twice about reprimanding them. Perhaps it
will simply ignore them.

Griffin's brood is comprised of three groups: The first
and most populous group is the hunters. Born of Griffin's
predator qualities, these spirits are inevitably spirits of
carnivorous animals, both extinct and extant.

The second group are the modern predators. The
modern predators are the focus of Griffin's concern,
though he laments the loss of the larger and nobler
animals of prehistory. Extinction infuriates Griffin,
and the mission of his brood is largely to prevent such
things from happening.

The last group is a jumbled collection of all the other
spirits which have chosen to follow Griffin. The most
important spirits in this group are the so-called aspects of
the Griffin. Though these powerful spirits are not true
aspects, they are Griffin's messengers which appear to
Garou of tribes other than the Red Talons. These tribes

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

POEL PS ST eT a en nieimy //,

cee 1 oh gf ANTE PCE ON IE

believe the spirits are their own, and sometimes are un-
aware of their direct connection to Griffin. This assemblage
also consists of scavengers which follow the hunters, the
more obscure and arcane of Griffin's followers and many
spirits of extinct animals who were not hunters them-
selves, but have found a place of rest in Griffin's nest.

Saber-tooth Tiger

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6, Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Assess Character*, Mate-
tialize, Tracking

Image: A feline predator now extinct, the Saber-tooth
Tiger is slightly larger than modern tigers. Its coat varies
in color from brown to gold and is sometimes spotted. It is
the image of the efficient hunter: sleek, muscular and
graceful. T, irit's mouth holds the two curved fangs
which ma | famous and which can, when the
spirit ‘nd-gaping holes in the tiger's prey.

_ the earliest times, the Saber-
rits to understand the sacred
_ and set the pattern which
‘ures were to follow. Whilst
r to hunt their prey, the
he techniques of the solitary
ddeadly. The relationship
anid Garou has not always been
ry nature runs against the pack
nd their kin. Nevertheless, Griffin
1€ spirit to him as a companion as Griffin, too
slitary hunter, and may have even learned from the
iger early in the history of such things.

During the early years of this age, the Saber-tooth tiger
became extinct, and since that time the Saber-tooth-spirits
have been full of anger and gall. A Saber-tooth directs its rage
at all who are foolish enough, or clumsy enough, to infuriate it.
Habitat: Saber-tooth tigers inhabit deep Glens in the
Penumbra and can be found in some of the wilder Far
Realms. Also, anywhere where there are dangerous crea-
tures to hunt, the spirit can be found, stalking its prey.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Saber-tooth-spirit is
a spirit of the solitary hunter, and as such is often revered
by ronin Garou. It is a spirit of individual endeavor,
especially of individual combat and pursuit.

Material Correspondences: To invoke or summon the
tiger spirit, the ritemaster must have a fresh kill, the
carcass of a large creature. The creature must have been
hunted and killed solely by the ritemaster, and with the
use of no weapons or tools. The creature must be of an
appropriate size and potency to attract the attention of the
spirit (a rabbit would not do). The spirit will not willingly
be bound into any type of fetish.

Gift Lore: The Saber-tooth can teach all Gifts which
specifically enhance a Garou's ability to hunt and stalk
(not merely combat).

67


Taboos: The tiger must never take part in an un-
matched contest. [t must never outnumber its enemies or
hunt in a pack; this kind of activity is utterly against its
instincts. It's possible that the spirit might be tricked into
such a conflict. Such deception would break the proud
creature's will and the Saber-tooth would flee to afar Glen
and enter Slumber. To awaken it, a Garou would need to
travel alone to its place of rest and challenge the spirit,
taunting it with intimations of cowardice. That Garou
had best be prepared to fight when the spirit awakens, or
else be able to swiftly dernonstrate what she has done for
the tiger.

Attitude: It will take some clever and confident postur-
ing from a Garou to make a Saber-tooth anything but
hostile.

Chiminage: Whilst the Saber-tooth-spirit seldom asks
for anything in return for its aid, it seldom grants aid. Any
Garou who sues for aid must be of the highest character (in
the tiger's eyes) and never have performed any act which
caused him to lose renown. The spirit will never be bound
into a fetish, but might be persuaded to perform single
services for a Garou, especially if that service involves
hunting a powerful prey. The Garou should play upon the
pride and courage of the tiger, behaving deferentially and
emphasizing the power of the spirit. Such tactics, per-
formed skillfully, have the best chance of success.

Rage 9, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Assess Character*,
Materialize, Tracking

Image: Embodying Griffin's pride, Lion is a noble
spirit. Like the creatures which are his pride, a Lion-
spirit is golden and fearsome. His eyes issue a challenge
to all who look within. Lion is clawed and maned, and his
graceful movements conceal a deadly strength.

History: Once Lion was a spirit without form. It was an
embodiment of courage and hints of majesty. Lion roamed
bodiless, giving courage to those which lacked it, strength
to the weak. When the Wyrm arose, Lion became his
tireless foe. Everywhere that the Wyrm sowed his hope-
lessness, a Lion-spirit would arrive and attend to the
afflicted, giving the hope and courage to resist the Wyrm.

Lion longed for form, with which to better resist the
Wyrm's assaults. Back then, after the Legends had passed,
and in the first years of the corruption, the Wyrm was a
crafty opponent, and had not forgotten beauty. Wyrm
fixed upon certain beasts, great cats who hunted in the
primordial forests. Wyrm lured these creatures out onto
the plains, the rightful realm of wolves, dogs and other
pack hunters. The creatures, through their great prowess,
conquered the plains, hunting there for whatever game

68 Axis Mundi

0 PE EP ET SR


they could find, driving the dogs that were there into the
role of scavengers and hunters of small creatures. Lion
saw these noble beasts, as Wyrm had intended, and
became enamored of them, taking their form for his own
and they for his protectorate. At first, Wyrm laughed,
having trapped his opponent thus, but after he was filled
with wrath, for the creature who now opposed him was
both noble and strong, fearless and fearsome. Or so the
story is told by the Lion-spirits...

At the height of his glory, Lion was a Tribal Totem like
Griffin, the protector of the White Howlers. When his
tribe fell to the Wyrm, abandoning him in favor of Whip-
poorwill, Lion lost almost everything. Too proud to plead
favor from the other totems, he quietly paced back into the
Deep Umbra.

Griffin sought him out there, demanding that Lion
return to Gaia's service. Arguing that Lion's valor
would be sorely missed in the battle against the Wyrm,
Griffin challenged the proud spirit to rejoin the war.
When next the other totems saw Griffin, Lion was
pacing at his side in all of his dignity.

Habitat: Lion-spirits can constantly be found in th
presence of Griffin, forming part of his vanguard
elite. Lion-spirits live in small groups, often in sp
populated or vegetated places in the Penum
they do not seclude themselves in secret Gl
are spirits both of respect and of war.
Spiritual Correspondences: Lion-spiritg

moner must relate tales of her grea
a Manipulation + Expression roll
to the normal rituals and invocations.

Gift Lore: Lion-spirits teach any directly associ-
ated with strength, confidence or. pride. They willingly
teach such Gifts to Garou who have shown some excep-
tional ability in one of these areas.

Taboos: Lion-spirits must never retreat, withdraw or
back down in any way. They must always accept a chal-
lenge, regardless of the odds involved. There is little need
to say what happens to them if they do not; they are far
more likely to be destroyed in an unequal or impossible
contest than fall into Slumber for refusing one.

Attitude: Expecting respect, they treat others with
courtesy equal to that afforded them. Lion-spirits are not
normally hostile, but can easily be turned so through
ageressive or blustering behavior.

Chiminage: Often a Lion-spirit requires nothing more
than a thorough grooming in return for the granting of a
favor. For major favors, a Lion-spirit might require the
petitioner to provide freshly killed game for a period of

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

Ff POD: FS TP PL Pe Ig

time. This time period will vary according to the nature of
the request and the character of the asker. Ifa brave Garou
asked for knowledge of a third-level Gift, for example, he
might have to hunt for the spirit for a month or more.

Simurgh

Rage 6, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Healing, Material-
ize, Updraft

Image: The Simurgh can appear in several different forms.
To many it is merely a large bird, with colorful feathers and
astrangely human face. To others it is a Griffin-like creature,
consisting of the hindquarters of a dog and the head and
shoulders of a large bird. This is the way the Stargazers
describe the Simurgh, whom they call the Bird of Ages.
urgh is one of a group of spirits
riffin, or at least by the same ener-
t is not clear whether there are
whether the creature is singu-
thing Simurgh has been a
adviser and councilor. In the
traveler, gathering knowl-
»resaw bad times) and for
argh who performed many
F answers to questions and
e that Simurgh made associa-
o revere Simurgh as their
fin. Some argue that Simurgh is Griffin
otem of Wisdom. Simurgh is no longer
but only leaves its home to consult with Griffin,
riffin calls.

Habitat: The Stargazers who make quests to consult
Simurgh talk always of climbing. "One must ascend to
knowledge," they say. Whilst this may be both metaphori-
cally and literally true, Simurgh can be found in a variety
of different secluded lairs, and not just in caves high on the
side of Umbral mountains. They are invariably found in
sparsely populated regions and Realms.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Simurgh is a spirit of
individual wisdom and of the quest for enlightenment. It
does not patronize those who believe that they are wise,
but rather represents a constant search for knowledge.

Material Correspondences: A Simurgh can not be
summoned, but must be sought in its lair. This seeking
corresponds to the Simurgh's connection with the quest
for enlightenment and so serves itself as a kind of prereq-
uisite, proving that the Garou who finds the Simurgh is
the right kind of Garou to invoke the spirit.

Gift Lore: Simurgh is one of the only ways in which a
non-Stargazer Garou can learn Stargazer Gifts. It teaches
these Gifts to any Garou who it believes is deserving of the
knowledge, much to the chagrin of Chimera and her
brood. Other gifts associated with knowledge in the ab-
stract are also known by a Simurgh.


Taboos: A Simurgh must never be in the presence of
more than a few creatures at a time. A solitary spirit of
individual wisdoms, it is threatened by groups and
crowds. For every individual above the first who is in
the presence of the Simurgh, the spirit must attempt a
Gnosis roll against a difficulty of 7. Failure on this roll
indicates that the spirit enters slumber then and there.
To awaken a Simurgh, one must carry the spirit to a far
and lonely place and leave it there, alone. The carrier
must then retreat to a safe distance and guard the site
from the approach of any outsiders.

Attitude: A Simurgh is never hostile, but always
enigmatic and difficult to pin down.

Chiminage: Whilst a Simurgh has few needs, it
understands the value of asking Garou to perform
tasks in order that it might reward them. Generally
the Simurgh will set some quest for the Garou, asking
her to seek some knowledge or the answer to some
simple question. Sometimes the fact that the Garou
has sought the Simurgh out can be enough to con-
vince it grant its aid. The Simurgh is polite but proud;
Garou should be careful not to insult its honor. Like
all of Griffin's brood, the creature values honor high
and does not take well to having its personal h
offended or questioned.

Mammoth Gatflings

Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Willpower 9, Power 25:

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Materiali 4

Image: The image of the huge hairy elephant,
mastodon or mammoth, is well known. Mammo
embrace all of these creatures, and even watch 01 over livis
elephants. An unlikely but highly successful body'
these spirits give all who encounter them an imptees on of
great strength, and sadness.

History: When the animal spirits were |
unspoiled and bright dawn, Mammoth ‘was largest of all.
Living together in herds, the Mammoth-spirits were safe
from all predators — save when they were young — and
feared little. The spirits born of these herds were strong
and carefree and, although they were large and ungraceful,
they were known to dance for the pure joy of existence.
Never given to soul-searching or questing for knowledge,
these spirits remained unchanged until much later, until
such a time as humans began to overrun the face of Gaia.

Initially the mammoths paid no attention to these
small apes. They continued as they had always done. In
what seemed like a shockingly short time, however, hu-
mans became the dominant creature on the planet and
mammoths were no more. Hunted by humans, beings
much less noble than themselves, they had been system-
atically destroyed all over the earth. It was not until the
last few were slain, for their hide, meat and tusks, that the
spirits understood. Mammoth-spirits realized that it was
notonly their creatures that suffered this disreputable fate,

ee A PANO EAPC an IE

but many creatures, and through this painful realization
became inextricably linked with the notion of extinction.
Guardians of the extinct, in the hope that one day such
creatures might return, the Mammoths represent the
scores of extinct creatures whose spirits rally about Griffin,
avenger of injustice on Gaia. (For information on Mam-
moth as a totem, see Rage Across Appalachia.)

Habitat: A Mammoth-spirit is typically a recluse. Al-
though capable of great violence and action, they are
normally shy and retiring, inhabiting the deepest Glens
and wildest realms.

Spiritual Correspondences: The spiritual alignment of a
Mammoth-spirit is difficult to determine. Whilst being pri-
marily spirits of constancy, resistance and immutability, they
are also spirits of the forgotten. In Griffin's brood, Mammoth-
spirits are the wardens) the representatives and the mourners
ecome, or will become extinct.

nces: Mammoth-spirits may be
et's need is great. They are not
yp, but if the summoner can
truction of some wilderness
spirit might come stamped-
cattering the cause of the
Should a Garou wish to

rit, she would need to travel

time another species becomes extinct,
-animal, somewhere a Mammoth-spirit enters
. This Slumber is very difficult to break, and could
: eoretically only be broken if the extinction was some-
how reversed. Thus, sadly, Mammoth-spirits are falling
into Slumber with alarming rapidity and the Mammoth is
becoming extinct all over again.

Attitude: Whilst they are seldom hostile, the Mam-
moth spirits are always direct and forceful.

Chiminage: Unwilling to give aid to any who cannot
prove themselves, Mammoth-spirits require a service of any
who ask for their help or wisdom. They often request a service
such as the release of captive animals, or the sowing of rare
seeds or the like. Garou who have dealt with these spirits
stress the importance of maintaining eye contact and upright
body posture, and showing no hint of weakness or fear.

Sphinx

Rage 7, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10, Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Reform

Image: With the body of a winged lion and the head of
a human, Sphinxes are closely related to Griffin. Every
Sphinx has a different face and upper body. Some are
male, some female: some black, others white. Sphinx-
spirits are roughly the size of a lion, with a large feathered
wingspan, allowing them to fly with grace and speed.

70 Axis Mundi

Vf APE Le Ps ET DS DE


~™~ ON

~

History: As it is with the Simurgh-spirits, it is difficult
to determine whether Sphinx are an offspring of Griffin,
ot born of the same changeable stuff, later to cleave to his
allegiance. Whatever the truth of the matter, the similar-
ity in histary ends there. Sphinxes have never been
travelers. Quite content to live in one place, the spirits
spent the early ages of the world, before the corruptions of
the Wyrm were ever imagined, in quiet contemplation,
accessing a personal and esoteric wisdom. When the time
came to resist the ravages of the Wyrm, the Sphinxes
gathered to Griffin not as warriors but as counselors, more
for their own protection than for Griffin's.

In more recent times, the Sphinxes have retreated and
withdrawn into the far and remote corners of the Penumbra.
Many inhabit other realms, although few are found in Wyld
realms; they prefer the order of the Weaver to the chaos of the
Wyld. Arsome early stage during the Silent Strider's history,
they discovered the Sphinx-spirits. In the same way that
Simurgh is a link to Griffin for the Stargazers, Sphinx-spirits
connect the Silent Striders to Griffin, behaving in some ways
as a wise and enigmatic aspect or avatar of that totem.

Habitat: Sphinxes tend to be highly territorial. They value
their homes and are loath to leave them. Many of these homes
are difficult to reach, although they are not in the farthest,
strangest places, but reputable paths are known to the
Stargazers and to other Garou, making the journey possible.

Spiritual Correspondences: Whilst the Simurgh is a
spirit of the search for knowledge, Sphinx is more con-
cerned with the knowledge within. Connected to ideas of
enlightenment and contemplation, Sphinxes are more
easily understood through meditation and isolation than
research or questing.

Material Correspondences: Sphinxes, in pursuit of
personal wisdom, believe themselves able to answer any
riddle or puzzle put to them, simply by the application of
thought and insight. In order to contact a Sphinx-spirit,
the summoner must repeat a riddle the spirit has never
heard. This riddle must have a true and challenging
answer to attract the attention of even one Sphinx.
Excellent puzzles will bring several spirits.

Gift Lore: Sphinxes teach no Gifts, but do offer excel-
lent advice to Garou who consult them. Sphinxes are
known to be able to suggest a plan to defeat almost any
enemy, or to solve any problem.

Taboos: Ifa Sphinx can be defeated in a contest of riddles,
itis then bound to help the victor. Black Spiral Dancers have
been known to take advantage of this weakness, forcing the
Sphinx to advise them and work for the Wyrm. Sphinx who
are tricked in this way are forced into Slumber.

Attitude: Never hostile, Sphinxes are always courte-
ous, except to those who defeat them in riddle contests.

Chiminage: Sphinxes ask nothing for their aid, except
that the recipient return to tell them how their advice
helped or hindered their progress. Those who disregard
this request will never receive aid from a Sphinx again.

wf nn Ga a ae

Scavengers

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7, Power 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Tracking
Image: Every Scavenger-spirit looks different. They are a
heterogeneous group which follow the hunters, picking the
bones of their discarded kills. Many appear as jackals or
hyenas, but others take the forms of ragged men and women.
History: As long as there have been hunters, there
have been scavengers. Despite the innocent joy of the
dawning of spirits, there were still those animals which
preyed upon others. There is no evil in this, it is Gaia's
way. Griffin understands that there is no dishonor in the
way of the scavenger either, although he himself would
never eat anything but fresh kill. A motley collection of
spirits, those of unsuccessful hunters and others, gathered
together and became the Scavenger-spirits. None have
ever quested, learned hidden knowledge or performed
great deeds against the Wyrm. Nor have any ever been
known to turn to the Wyrm. Spirits with little pride, they
do not find themselves in the terrible dilemmas of status
and jealousy wh
which underst
took this gr
history, and

pt so many. Scavengers are spirits
orrespondence. Griffin

blighted and otherwise

Spiritual Correspondences: Spirits of carrion, these
creatures are associated with decay and death. Ina unique
and individual way, they are considered by some, notably
the Children of Gaia, to be spirits of war.

Material Correspondences: Unpredictably, it is not
offal or rubbish that is best used to attract these spirits,
but a dying creature. Scavenger-spirits are capable of
great tenderness and sensitivity when faced with death,
and should a Garou find a creature close to dying (not
due to wounds caused by the Garou himself) then he
has an better chance of contacting a Scavenger.

Gift Lore: The Scavenger-spirits seldom teach Gifts.
A few might have scavenged knowledge of Bone Gnawer
Gifts or even Red Talon Gifts, but this is rare.

Taboos: Although the spirits know well their place
in things they have no taboos as such. Whilst they
would never partake of a meal before the food has been
rejected by their betters, this is not a taboo as such and
they would suffer no ill effects (save those directly
implemented by the predator) if they did so.

Attitude: Never hostile, Scavenger-spirits are
gentle and shy. Some even describe them as sulking
(or skulking).

Chiminage: Most Garou do not observe any strict
protocol when talking to these spirits, especially since
they are difficult to define as a group. Those who do

observe some basic politeness are generally better served,
however, and the spirit is more likely to answer that
Garou's next summons. Scavenger-spirits ask for noth-
ing in return for their services which tends to devalue
that which they can offer in the minds of Garou. In fact,
Scavenger-spirits know a great deal about death and the
Shadowlands, and can answer quite specific questions
on these subjects.

Owl's Brood

Unlike many of the less discriminate totems that
offer their leadership to any number of brood, Owl is a
selective being. Owl shelters few brood under his great
wings, since he finds few spirits worthy of his watch.
However, in the depths of Owl's great eyes and in the
silence of his wings lies the promise of other brood
whose existence is hidden from any except for Owl.
Still, those spirits whom Owl does claim inevitably
possess wisdom and knowledge beyond that normally
available to even spirit-beings. Owl finds merit in the
quiet possession of secret knowledge, the awareness of

ne aninglessness of time, and even more

The Twice-Born.

Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 4, Power 30
Charms: Airt Sense, Healing, Scent-of-Safety

Image: The Twice-Born usually manifest as small,
skeletal mice with piercingly bright yellow eyes. Those
who examine the Twice-Born closely can often make out
delicate carvings upon the bones of the Mice-spirits.
Although no Twice-Born has ever explained the signifi-
cance of these carvings, the Silent Striders believe the
designs tell the story of each spirit mouse's journey through
the realms of death and back up into the realms of spirit.

History: In the long ago time of glory when the spirits
were just beginning to grow bored with the timeless Dawn
of their existence, Mouse felt lonely and left out by the
larger beings around her. So, Mouse decided that she
would find some way to decrease her loneliness. Thus it
was that Mouse thought to provide herself with others of
her kind, and in so doing gain companions less quarrel-
some than Rat, and less arrogant than Pegasus or Stag.

Mouse tried everything she could think of to make more
of herself. She cut off a piece of her tail and planted it in the
most fertile Umbral soil, she sang to Fertility beneath the
full moon, she even ate the dirt from freshly tilled fields.
Nothing worked. Then one night, Coyote approached
Mouse while she sat miserably combing her fur. "I have
witnessed your Quest, oh tiny one, and I believe I can tell
you how to find what you seek." At this news, Mouse's nose
twitched and her voice squeaked out in delight. "All you

72 Axis Mundi


must do," continued Coyote, "is steal a feather from Owl.
Owl is wise and kind, the most benevolent of birds. Do this
and the wisdom you seek will be yours."

"IfOwlisso kind, why must I steal the feather?" Mouse asked.

"Oh, you must steal the feather to prove that you are
clever enough to receive Owl's great gift of wisdom,"
Coyote responded slyly.

Mouse, who never did think too hard about anything,
squeaked her thanks to Coyote, quickly scurrying off on
her mission.

Inno time, Mouse found the small tree where Owl slept.
Swiftly climbing the trunk, Mouse grasped one of Owl's
loosest feathers and pulled gently. Unfortunately, just as
the feather came free, Owl's strange yellow eyes opened
and stared into Mouse's startled black ones. Without
preamble, Owl ate Mouse, swallowing her whole.

While inside Owl, Mouse dreamed a thousand dreams,
some of terror and death others of glorious truths and
glimpses of the wonder that lies beyond all beyonds.
During her long journey, Mouse learned much of healing
and pain, of wisdom and fear. Then, after a timeless time,
Owl regurgitated Mouse back out onto the branch. But
Mouse was changed. Owl had kept her flesh and organs as
punishment for her foolish presumption. Yet Owl had
learned all of Mouse's fears and joys, desires and despairs,
when he consumed her body and spirit. With such knowl-
edge of Mouse in his heart, Owl could not help but forgive
some of the lesser spirit's transgression. So, in his wisdom,
Owl released Mouse, gifting her with knowledge and skills
beyond any she had ever dreamed. He also granted her the
power to propagate her children in vast numbers. Lastly,
Owl returned Mouse her flesh so her shame would not be
revealed to the other spirits.

But, Owl's largesse did not come without price. To this
day, owls consume mice as a favored food, and mice fear the
moment when their transformation might be at hand. Yet,
those mice chosen by owls learn that they merely feared the
unknown, as they join the ranks of the Twice-Born.

The Twice-Born proliferated greatly during the glory
years of the united world, until the time when the
Weaver went mad and spun her greatest creation. The
rise of the Gauntlet made it more difficult for the Twice-
Born, as such owl-eaten Mouse-spirits soon came to be
known, to make the transition through owl-death to
rebirth. Consequently, there are less such spirits today
then there once were. Still, enough of the spirits com-
plete the journey to keep the Twice-Born relatively
common. All Twice-Born feel a kinship with their once-
born counterparts on Gaia.

Habitat: Twice-Born are often found in glens, but they can
be found most anywhere as the creatures are highly adaptable.

Spiritual Correspondences: Rebirth, secret knowledge

Material Correspondences: Summoning the Twice-
Born requires an owl feather and the bones of a mouse.
Such spirits are best bound into fetishes of bone.

73

tetieneemiemmeny 4 /

Gift Lore: The Twice-Born can teach Gifts involving
death knowledge and the revealing of secrets.

Taboos: No Twice-Born may attack, steal from or cause
harm to any owl, for the terror of the first Mouse-spirit still
waxes strong in all of her children. Should a Twice-Born
somehow hurt or cause harm to an owl, the spirit's bones
will crack one by one until the spirit is destroyed. This
process takes many days (as many daysas the spirit currently
has Power). If the spirit can atone for its transgression by
aiding an owl, doing as much or more help than the original
hurt, then the spirit may save itself. Any bones cracked will
only slowly heal over the course of as many nights as they
took to break, one healing per night (the Twice-Born's
magical healing does not speed this process).

Attitude: Twice-Born most often maintain a neutral
attitude toward the Garou. However, the Twice-Born
usually have a more friendly attitude toward Silent Strid-
ers and those Garou who follow Owl.

Chiminage: The Twice-Born are seekers of secrets
and safety. In order to receive their teaching, a Garou
must either grant shelter to the Twice-Born, as well as
their mortal cousin-mice, or reveal a true secret to the
spirit. The length of time and/or importance of the
secret required to win over the spirit, depends upon
the boon requested. For teaching a minor Gift, a
Twice-Born might only ask the receiver to shelter
mice (spiritual or otherwise) for one lunar month or to

4

reveal one personal secret. To learn a major Gift or
bind one of the Twice-Born into a fetish, the Garou
might have to agree to shelter mice for one lunar year
or reveal a great pack or sept secret. Alternately, the
Twice-Born might request that the Garou never harm
mice in return for receiving the spirit's aid.

When approaching a Twice-Born, the summoner
should always remember that these spirits are often
nervous and easily excitable. Although possessing
strange knowledge and profound crumbs of wisdom, the
Twice-Born are still timid, vulnerable creatures by
nature. Their awe and respect for Owl is equally matched
by their fear of the totem and all its mortal representa-
tions. Thus, Garou with ties to Owl must be especially
careful not to move aggressively around the Twice-
Born lest their fear become so great the spirits cannot
remember the knowledge or skills the summoner seeks.

Freely offering shelter to one of the Twice-Born
and her earthly kin is undoubtedly the best way to
win over one of these spirits. Often a Twice-Born
will watch a Garou for days, observing the way she
treats the mice the spirit placed in her charge before
the Twice-Born will speak to the Garou in more than
stammering squeaks.

Undoubtedly, the greatest difficulty in dealing
with the Twice-Born comes in keeping the creatures
calm enough to allow the easily distracted beings to

Axis Mundi

SR ee ys


convey what knowledge the Garou seeks. Too often,
the spirit becomes incoherent out of fear, or goes
"scurrying within Owl's gullet." The latter saying
refers to the Twice-Born's habit of suddenly convey-
ing a rapid, ranting stream of images, feelings and
nibbles of knowledge in rapturously squeaking tones.
There are true jewels of information available in
such rantings, but it is often very difficult to sort
through the spirit's babblings.

Although most Garou meet the Twice-Born only
through summoning them, or perhaps stumbling into
one of the spirits in some Glen, the Twice-Born
sometimes search out the Garou. To do so, the Twice-
Born will appear to an individual Garou in her dreams
three nights running. When this happens, the sha-
mans believe Owl acts through his brood. The next
time the Garou sees a mouse, she should follow it no
matter where it leads. The Mouse-spirit will eventu-
ally lead the Garou to a place where it will request of
her a boon. This boon is always complex, and often
involves journeying to one of the darker Umbral lands to
learn some secret kept-hidden from Owl and her brood.
Should the Garou ¢ mpanions) succeed in sucha

upon the nature of the q

Death's Breath

Rage 7, Gnosis 10, Willpower 9, Power 40

Charms: Frozen Breath, Insight, Reform, Updraft

Image: Death's Breath-spirits appear as semi-opaque
ovoid clouds approximately two to three feet in length and
a foot or two wide. The cloudy beings are darker toward the
center of their shifting form and, unlike most fog or clouds,
they tend to remain remarkably still. Although Garou
cannot scent Death's Breath-spirits from even as close as an
arm's length away, anyone actually touched by such a spirit
is immediately assailed by an intensely fetid odor that is
beyond decay, beyond death and beyond description.

History: The first Death's Breath-spirit came into
being when the Gauntlet arose to separate the spiritual
from the material, Weaver from Wyld. Before this time,
when beings died their essences simply merged seamlessly
back into the churning maelstrom-womb of Gaia. How-
ever, the rigid imposition of the Gauntlet soon began to
interfere with the return of All to Gaia. Instead, many
material beings returned only to the Dark Umbra of the
dead. While most spirits still returned to their Mother,
many lost themselves forever — crushed beneath the
terrible intransigence of the Gauntlet.

It was in the dying breath of the first spirit destroyed by
the Weaver's choking net that the first Death's Breath-
spirit formed. Although the identity of the spirit, a fragile,
fey thing utterly unsuited to adapt to the Weaver's latest

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

rs iy //,

ce I gf ENT ET CE

with the Death's

spinning, is long forgotten, he lives on in his progeny. Even
as the dying spirit lost himself to the Gauntlet's rigid grasp,
some small ovum of essence met with the spark of annihi-
lation, and in that meeting were the Death's Breath created.

Since that time, the number of Death's Breath-spirits
has increased. However, they are still rare since they are
only formed in the utter destruction (not mere death) of
a spirit. In recent years, the Weaver's Gauntlet has grown
even stronger, and there may come a day when only the
Death's Breath remain to mourn the loss of their brethren.
Although these Jagglings hope the day of their isolation
will never come, they believe their ultimate reason for
being may be as manifest memories of a time and existence
forever lost to the universe.

Already, the Death's Breath feel their isolation from
their fellow spirits most keenly. Their very existence is a
constant reminder of loss, and most other spirits actively
shun the Death's Breath. Of course, few mortal-meat
creatures appreciate the Death's Breath either. Death is a
fearsome concept to almost all beings, and few appreciate
meeting death made manifest — even if only in a spirit.
Even most Garou shudder at the thought of communing
al Theurges and s some Silent

reat SSiliies are most comfortable
existing on the U cusp between the Lower Umbra of
the Dead and the Middle Umbra of the Tellurian.

Spiritual Correspondences: Death and the dead, wis-
dom and all that is lost.

Material Correspondences: To bind or summon a
Death's Breath-spirit, four elements are required: The first
is water, the second wood, the third ashes and the fourth
the ritual worker's own breath. Most Garou fill a wooden
bowl with water, sprinkle ashes across the surface and then
breathe gently across the water when summoning or
binding one of these spirits.

Although Death's Breath-spirits are not especially averse
to being bound into fetish objects, there are few material
things well capable of holding their unique essences. In fact,
aGaroucan only bind these spirits into fetishes upon which
the binder sprinkles at least three drops of her own blood.
Even with this most visceral connection, it is easiest to bind
Death's Breath-spirits into fetishes created from objects
touched by death (cloth from the sheet of a deathbed, for
example). Binding a Death's Breath-spirit into any other
object increases the difficulty of the rite by three.

Gift Lore: Death's Breath-spirits may teach Gifts in-
volving stealth and seeing beyond death's veil.

Taboos: A Death's Breath-spirit may not remain in any
one realm for more than one lunar month, even if bound
within a fetish. No matter how much such a spirit desires
to remain in any one place, it isa being of change, existing
on the cusp between death and life, imminence and

75

by

transcendence. Should such a spirit remain too long in
one reality (Lower Umbra, Tellurian, Middle Umbra,
etc.), it finds itself unable to leave that reality. If the spirit
remains trapped for another lunar month it is forced into
Slumber. Once trapped, the only sure way for the Death's
Breath-spirit to restore itself is to infuse a living being with
its essence. To do this, the living creature must agree to
actually breathe in the spirit, accepting the spirit into her
lungs. Although Death's Breath-spirits have been known
to trick Garou into accepting them in this manner, they
normally prefer to bargain with their intended carriers.
Attitude: Although often melancholy, Death's
Breath-spirits tend to maintain a friendly attitude to-
ward the Garou. In fact, some Death's Breath-spirits
nurture a deep longing to remain near Gaia's warriors,
whose living passions give the spirits hope that their
ultimate isolation may never come to pass.
Chiminage: What the Death's Breath-spirits most of-
ten request of those who summon them is a story of
bravery, hope and honor. They are especially fond of
stories in which spirits triumph over the odds. For such
stories, Death's -spirits will usually agree to teach
certain lesser hing of greater Gifts,

spirits, but they etave
world, and experiencing life vieatio: the closest they
can come to true, flesh-and-blood living.

Death's Breath-spirits are particularly fond of demand-
ing quests from those Garou who wish to bind the creatures
into fetishes. Such quests almost invariably involve jour-
neying to some Umbral realm, quite often the Umbra of the
dead. Death's Breath-spirits usually ask Garou to find a
specific dead individual whom the spirit believes has special
knowledge that is lost to the living world. Once located, the
Garou must get the dead one to give her the knowledge.

Very occasionally, ifa Death's Breath-spirit discovers that
some spirit is in danger of obliteration, the spirit will request
that a Garou (or even a whole pack) rescue the endangered
being. In such cases, the Death's Breath-spirit will sometimes
appear voluntarily to a Garou and request such service from
her and/or her pack. Such quests are usually fraught with
peril, and the requesting Death's Breath-spirit will often offer
to teach the Garou a lost Gift should they succeed in their
quest. Quests of this kind often gain the Garou much Honor
and Glory (Honor 3, Wisdom 1, Glory 4).

When dealing with Death's Breath, Garou should never
step away, turn away, or otherwise show fear or revulsion
for the creature. Death's Breath-spirits are highly sensitive
to such immature, fearful gestures, and seldom respond
positively to requests from any Garou who exhibits such
behaviors. Death's Breath appreciate anyone who exhib-
its appreciation for Mother Gaia's many losses.

cme I I gf IAT DC OAR I

Darklings

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 6, Power 45

Charms: Airt Sense, Forest Sense, Healing, Kindle*,
Reform, Updraft.

Image: The Darklings usually appear as frail, long-
limbed children on the verge of adolescence. Their skin is
paper thin and covered in the least vestige of downy
feathers. The eyes of Darklings are almost always pale
yellow, shining preternaturally out of the gloomy beauty
of their wan faces. When not appearing in human form,
Darklings manifest as small, ghostly owls.

History: In the first ecstatic days of the universe, Owl
often flew for entire nights at atime, surveying the glory of the
universe with preternaturally keen eyes that already saw the
sadness and pain about to wake from the world's innocence
— shattering the primeval first bliss. Meditating upon the
future sadness, Owl, in his wisdom, decided to create children
who could help accustom the naive spirits to the anguish and
pain to come. In this small way, Owl might prevent the
shattering of a number of fragile spirits who might otherwise

ischildren-of-grief-to-be
sxeated rose up from the
n orld, their yellow
, & their lithe
ng mother Gaia's innocence.

eyes reflecting't
bodies homage to the

Once Owl finished his flight he returned to speak to his
new brood, sheltering them in his all-encompassing wings.
As Owl's feathers touched his children each gained the
gift of flight so that they might journey wherever their
father had need of them. Their great, solemn eyes turned
upward, the Darkling-spirits listened to their father's
instructions, and learned.

Scattering to the four winds the new spirits began
slowly introducing sadness, pain, anguish, fear and other
such emotions to the other spirits they encountered.
Although other spirits soon came to abhor these messen-
gers of grief, those touched by the Darklings each gained
at least a glimmer of wisdom. And, in time, when the
Weaver's madness threw the Gauntlet over Gaia, those
spirits ministered to by the Darklings found they were
better able to survive the terrible new reality.

Although the Darklings could not, and cannot, aid all
Gaia's children, to this day the somber creatures work to heal
and help by spreading wisdom about future sadness or danger.
Although Owl did not realize it when he and Gaia first
created their brood, the Darklings also hold dear the idea of
birth and rebirth — the reflection of Gaia's overwhelming
thoughts in the age of Dawn. Thus, Darkling-spirits have a
strong affinity for all life on or near the cusp of creation —
particularly pregnant females and small children — and they
often try to aid such folk when possible.

76 Axis Mundi

OLA. PS ET enter //,

SN,


Habitat: Darklings almost always reside in glens or in
heavily forested regions of the Tellurian.

Spiritual Correspondences: Dark premonitions, rebirth
and grief (especially the grief of children or pregnant women).

Material Correspondences: Those who wish to summon
or bind Darkling-spirits must usually possess germinating
seeds and the downy feathers from newborn birds (particu-
larly owls). However, if the summoner cries true tears of
gtief or anguish, or if the summoner is pregnant, only one of
the above materials may be necessary.

Gift Lore: These spirits may teach Gifts involving
flight, emotions and healing.

Taboos: No Darkling may do physical harm to any
being. However, this does not mean that such a spirit
cannot do emotional or psychological damage to others. It
is not unheard of for Darkling-spirits to overwhelm a
resistant target with powerful emotions, causing the target
to go insane and/or end his own life rather than confront
the powerful emotions that the spirits force them to feel.

Should a Darkling-spirit physically harm another be-
ing, the spirit immediately becomes anchored to the
place where the harm occurred — falling into deep
Slumber. The only means of awakening such a spirit is for
a Garou to either heal the harm done to the being or to
heal some other injury of equivalent pain. Any Garou
who sleeps where a Darkling-spirit Slumbers dreams of
the harm done by the spirit and of the quest required to

came TD) Af DNATA ET CE OA Is

awake the slumberer. Should a Garou awake a Darkling-
spirit from its Slumber, the spirit will usually reward the
Garou by teaching her a Gift or allowing her to bind the
spirit into a fetish for a year and a day.

Attitude: Darkling-spirits are always somber, never
laughing or smiling. Often, although not always, such
spirits appear profoundly sad. However, their attitude
toward the Garou, and indeed toward all of Gaia's chil-
dren, is usually friendly.

Chiminage: Darklings require those who wish to
learn Gifts from them to receive a dark premonition
and to act in some way to help prepare the world for its
coming pain. Such an act might he as simple as hugging
a woman whose family is about to experience a death
and crying for her, or journeying to a far country (about
to be attacked by a rival power) to speak on the horrors
of war and the trauma those caught up in such devasta-
tion experience.

Ifa Garou wishes to bind a Darkling to a fetish, the spirit
will often request that the Garou either agrees to devote
herself to the healing arts for the same length of time as she
binds the spirit to the fetish, or to become a sibyl for the
same length of time. In so doing, the Garou agrees to receive
the often terrifying and vague premonitions of the Dark-
ling-spirit and to act upon their urgings whenever possible.

Those dealing with Darkling-spirits are most likely to
receive favorable results if they do not laugh or otherwise


‘

display a frivolous mien. It is all too easy to offend or lose
the respect of these spirits by displaying an overly light
heart. Darklings also are most likely to send overpowering
anguish to those too foolish to accept a certain amount of
the world's sadness on their own.

Pegasus' Brood

The instinctual nature tells us when enough is enough. It is
prudent and life-preserving. A woman cannot make up for a
lifetime of betrayal and wounding through excesses of pleasure ,
rage, or denial.... (Even) A feral woman is not strong enough
to carry a longed-for archetype for everyone else without

breaking.

—Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run with the Wolves:

Cales of the Brood

The Song of the First Sisters relates the origins of botht
Black Furies and Pegasus herself. As sung by Fury Galli:
the Song both parallels and contradicts the "Ma
dom" known as classical mythology. :

Once, they say, Man and Woman stoot
each with labors suited to their respectt
Man, innately dumber than Woma'
Furies), rejoiced more in the blo

wolves, others, as women, and most, that they ¢
from each. In either case, the Daughters went among
human women, teaching them sacred mysteries until
Man tried to bring his sisters to heel. Whatever the
Daughters' origin, they would not stand for this.

In the later days of the Impergium, the First Daugh-
ters — later known as the Gorgons or Medusae — laid
waste to Man, Woman and newborn alike. In time, two
of them counseled forbearance. Three others disagreed
and the Furies continued to slay whoever they fancied.
Sometimes they lured women away from the villages to
live naked in the forests. Those who would not join
them were killed as well.

The Furies claim that Pegasus sprang from blood
spilled by the Gorgons. Finally horrified by her daugh-
ters' deeds, it is said, Gaia herself sent Pegasus to reason
with the Gorgons, and to teach Man the ways of har-
mony. Todoso, the Incarna wove together the chimaera,
a patchwork creature combining Man's arrogant
strength, nobility and lust. She then searched for a man
to slay this rampaging monster. His name was
Bellerophon, and he seemed noble enough to become

cee a Ig ENT EP COE

her companion. They drove the chimaera from the
mortal world, and the totem helped him heal the
breach between Woman and Man.

But in time Bellerophon became arrogant; his
power corrupted him and he became just another
tyrannos, a petty ruler on a Man's throne. Pegasus
finally killed him in disgust and devoted herself to
the Furies, turning her white coat black to match
their own. Her example had not been lost on them,
however, and she stands to this day as a beacon of
cooperation, tolerance and forbearance.

Pegasus bore many children from her union with
Bellerophon, only a few of which are detailed below.

Her birth-songs created the Muses (see Black Furies
| 'Fribebook), her blood curdled into Haima, her tears

ptang up as incarnations of the Maiden, the Mother
nd the Crone, and her anguish gave rise to the Dark
lan, the servant of Pegasus' friend Themis (see
« Furies and Caerns: Places of Power). When
, Daughters passed on, their spirits followed
Past Lives forever reincarnated as Furies;
qaera, meanwhile, still waits in the Realm of
les for another man whose spirit matched
. To this day, Pegasus and her
the Furies. Orher tribes may pay
age, but the Furies enjoy the

‘Chimaera, the Masks of Man

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Blast Flame, Corruption
(on men only), Materialize (Power cost 30; Str 6, Dex 3, Sta
7, Alertness 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 5, Stealth 2,
Claws: Str + 2, Bite: Str + 1, 9 Health Levels), Tracking

Image: Unlike the totem Chimera, this enigma repre-
sents the divided nature of Man: his body and one head
resembles the noble and powerful lion, while another
head recalls the stubborn, carnal goat and the third
personifies the dragon, spewing fire and lies. The tail
reflects the Gaffling's dominant nature — a noble man's
chimerical reflection bears a lion's tail, a liar waves a
dragon's barbed weapon and a brute flicks his goat tail at
the flies in his wake. The lion's mane likewise resembles
its "maker's" soul: the more corrupt the man, the dirtier
the mane. Some incarnations sprout dragon wings, while
others walk on lion paws or cloven hooves.

History: To prove a point, Pegasus spun a reflection of
Bellerophon's soul, then set it loose to terrorize a nearby
kingdom. When he rode into battle, the man listened to
Pegasus' advice and slew the beast, bringing his conflict-
ing natures into balance. The act only dispelled the
creature from mortal sight, however; her truth was too
pure to be killed so easily. From time to time, this monster
still attaches himself to a man whose personality stands
sharply divided between nobility, willfulness and vice.

78 Axis Mundi

FL Ps ET Ss To re iniey //,


came a of Bi

From time to time, a Fury with a close male friend or lover
notices a modern incarnation of this legendary enigma.
Only by leading her companion into metaphorical battle
with the spirit can she help dispel the monster.

The three heads of the chimaera reflect the man's
dominant traits. If he has a good heart, the lion dominates
the other aspects; when deceit takes over, the dragon does
the same; if the "master" prefers brute force or laziness over
other options, the goat will make sure that the beast
follows that example.

This chimaera is quite real; it roams the Penumbra
when summoned, and occasionally steps across the Gaunt-
let to ravage the mortal world. He may travel in service
to the Gorgons, or serve as a mount for one of the
Triptych. Although strong-willed, the chimaera is stu-
pid. At his most subtle, he may whisper suggestions to his
"master" through the dragon head. When the lion com-
mands the beast, he may be protective rather than
destructive. More often than not, however, he simply
rages, devastating all in his path.

Sometimes the chimaera appears on his own, fol-
lowing a "master" like an Umbral puppydog with an
attitude problem. Occasionally, a Black Fury Theurge
will summon the Gaffling to teach someone a lesson.
Sometimes Pegasus herself sends her creation to wreak
havoc for some reason. The latter option would an-
swer a lot of odd historical questions. Once it has
arrived, so one can predict how long the chimaera will
stay. Despite rumors to the contrary, only one of
Pegasus' chimaera Gafflings exists.

Habitat: Most manifestations of the chimaera fol-
low a man of divided temperament. The "summoner"
must have a really potent personality, magical poten-
tial and an influence way beyond his physical power.
Indeed, he may be a mage, a Garou, a vampire or
simply a strong-willed mortal. No one can predict the
chimaera's whims or Pegasus' wisdom.

When "free," the chimaera waits in the Summer
Country, the Atrocity Realm or the Black Fury Leg-
enulry Realm ror sume other "rrasver." if sermmanad
he stays within a mile or so of his "host," remaining in
the Umbra until some occurrence brings him across.

Spiritual Correspondences: War, with shadings of wisdom.

Material Correspondences: The chimaera can only
be summoned to follow one man. To do so, the Garou
must pray to Pegasus while burning blood, hair and
excrement from the subject, a lion, a goat and a dragon.
As the last is difficult to find, this summoning is rarely
performed.

Gift Lore: The chimaera can teach Garou males
Gifts that involve fire or corruption (dragon), healing
or valor (lion) or brute strength (goat). There is, of
course, a price: sponsorship. By learning from the chi-
maera, a man links his soul with the spirit's own. Until
they meet in combat, the monster belongs to the man.

Wf ew saa


Taboos: The chimaera cannot corrupt women of any
kind, though his suggestions may inspire a man to
mislead them. He cannot travel on his own, but must be
summoned either through a ritual, one man's nature, or
Pegasus herself.

Although he can manifest on Earth, such incarna-
tions demand a lot of power. Usually, only some deadly
threat or violent outburst can convince the chimaera to
cross over. Once he does so, he remains until his Power
runs out. Considering his Materialized statistics, that
doesn't take long. He then returns to one of his home
Realms until something else summons him again.

Attitude: Usually hostile, although noble incarna-
tions only fight when threatened or protective.

Chiminage: Only the chimaera's "master" can de-;
feat him, and only after he realizes what the beast truly

is — a reflection of himself. This really should be le
to roleplaying, although an Intelligence + Occu
difficulty 10, might help (this is obscure lore
and if the "master" recognizes his "pet,"
the Penumbra and battle ir.

Mere force only makes the monster stra
defeat it, the character must change his v
roleplaying) and win a resisted Wi
contest (difficulty 9) with the chi
existence. At least 10 successes
"master" wins this contest, the Ga

Haima, the Red Mothers

Rage 3, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Cleanse the Blight, Dr
Journey*, Ease Pain*, Healing, Inner Pain*

Image: A pool of blood; some occasionally
fest as a ghostly woman cloaked in red mists,
visions of the Moon.

History: Woman's blood is not a curse, say the Fu
Rather, it's a blessing, the sign of Gaia's favor which
Woman above Man. These minor spirits embody the gift
of creation, the ability to give life. That gift comes with a
price — shedding blood and bearing pain — but no man
can grow new life inside him the way a woman can. And
that, some say, is the cause of his frustration. What he
cannot create, he destroys.

These minor spirits embody the fertility and creativ-
ity that is Woman's birthright. In the old days, women
were put aside from their communities during men-
struation; when that happened, the Haima would come
to them. Although their visitations were painful, they
brought gifts to compensate: stories, prophecies, secrets
to carry home upon return. Occasionally, the Red
Mothers would grant visions, often featuring the Moon,
which foretold the children a woman would bear or the
mate she would choose.

The Patriarch's rise shut the Haima away. Women
taught by them were considered witches, and punished.

cee of MANTA TPE OA IES

The spirits became unwelcome in many lands, and left
the women there in misery. The few times they ap-
peared, the Haima indicated shame: murder, lies and
unfaithfulness. They appeared on hands, on clothing,
puddling on floors or oozing from walls; humans saw
them and were alarmed. Thus, it is said, blood became
associated with shame in the western lands.

In purer cultures, the women still learned from

Haima. As the Wyrm-taint spread, however, the Red
Mothers fled to Pegasus' home or hovered in the
Penumbra, watching women suffer. Occasionally, they
added to that suffering. Forsaken, many Haima be-
came malevolent and some remain so. Those who
ayed pure still come when summoned, but few mod-
women, even Garou, remember them.
Haima Gafflings are not intelligent in the usual
nse, but they understand intentions and emotions
d.may impart visions of things they see elsewhere.
ummoned to ease pain, they will do so, even if
ect isa man. The angry ones feel betrayed and
pain accordingly. If one witnesses a misdeed
y ahidden murder, matricide or desecration
t will do whatever it can to put the situation
ansing the Blight or by revealing the
om bloodstains.

respondences: Life, purity and the moon.
terial Correspondences: Evoking a Haima
Gaffling involves an offering of one's own blood, pref-
erably menstrual blood. This blood must be shed through
a cut or during the natural cycle; it may not be drawn
through a needle or preserved ina jar for later use. Many
Furies create prints with their blood, paint designs on
themselves with it or hold it upward to the Moon.

Gift Lore: Haima teach Gifts of healing, pain and
honesty. Many Haima also teach low-level rites and grant
prophetic visions.

Taboos: No Haima-spirit will appear before a man
(even one who follows Pegasus) except to condemn him,
unless a female follower has asked it to do so. Nor can such
spirits harm any living thing. Their Rage damages spirits
only. Half-spirits, like Garou, are immune to their attacks,
though not to their blessings.

Attitude: Usually friendly, sometimes hostile.

Chiminage: The most important thing todo when dealing
with a Haima is to treat it with respect; most are accustomed
to rejection and resent it. Although minor spirits, they like to
be welcomed. Songs, tales or even jokes are appreciated. The
ultimate compliment to a Red Mother is to consecrate a
newborn child (especially a Garou) with the spirit's essence
while offering a prayer to both Gaffling and Great Mother.

If asked respectfully, a Haima may consent to being bound
in an ointment, a pad or food, either to ease menstrual pains,
prevent conception or increase fertility. The effects are up to
the Storyteller, but should be potent and long-lasting.

80 Axis Mundi

POLE, CPs Ts TO een teieiemey //_

~s


Pegasus Gafflings

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Cleanse the Blight, Cre-
ate Wind, Healing, Materialize (Power cost 32; Str 7, Dex
4, Sta 7, Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 2, Intimidation 5,
Stealth 3, Hooves or Bite: Str + 1, 10 Health Levels),
Open Moon Bridge, Tracking

Image: A gorgeous winged horse, resplendent in her
grace and majesty. Depending on her temperament, she
may be white, deep red or black.

History: On odd occasions, Pegasus sends aspects of herself
on errands in the material world. These manifestations range
from being horse-size to being huge apparitions looming across
the skies. Although even the largest of her aspects remai
hidden by the Veil, sensitive humans may notice that the hu
cloud formation above them looks oddly familiar...

Tales speak of Pegasus herself coming to thi
Furies losing a valiant battle, rescuing trappe
or even protecting an innocent target fr
chosen. According to the Theurges, Peg
may be gauged by her color. White my
forbearance. When she comes in red, the
some loss or warns of disaster. Whi
(uncommon but not unheard of)
war. Two septs in Bosnia follow Bla
work stands as gruesome testimony té

Pegasus Gafflings are short-lived; they often fulfill a siz
mission and then return to her bosom. When angry, §
spirits take form and fight; some Furies claim to have
swept from certain death by winged horses who flew
than any mortal creature could. Most times, howev
gasus Gafflings remain insubstantial to mortal han
never speak; Pegasus feels her followers should undet
what she wants by now. In extreme circumstances, a melodic
voice can be heard singing from the clouds when the Gaffling
appears; those who listen can discern the totem's wishes from
the tone of the song (the words are always in classical Greek).
Despite their silence, such minor manifestations carry all of
their mother's wisdom. They speak more eloquently with a
single look than many humans do with words.

Habitat: The Black Fury Umbral Homeland

Spiritual Correspondences: Wisdom, warning, sorrow
and occasionally war

Material Correspondences: Those who seek to sum-
mon a Pegasus Gaffling must pray to the totem herself for
aid. Such prayers usually take the form of Greek chants,
although English is acceptable in a pinch.

Gift Lore: Depending on her aspect, this Gaffling may
teach Gifts of healing, communication and negotiation
(white), perception, strength and healing (red), or com-
bat, deception and destruction (black).

Taboos: No matter how desperate the situation, no Pe-
gasus Gaffling will ever appear before a Get of Fenris except
toattack him. Profound Weaver spirits (like Glass Elementals

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

0 PPO. Ps TP 2 ny

or Pattern Spiders) can drive her away with little trouble, for
she becomes helpless before them (her Armor Charm will
not protect her from their Charms or attacks).

Attitude: Depends upon the Gaffling's aspect

Chiminage: Those who summon Pegasus' aid must
show reverence but not fear. Disrespect may earn
Bellerophon's reward! Furies who wish to keep the totem's
favor must defend the wilderness and females of all species.
Garou who litter, or otherwise behave carelessly in the
wild, will never attract a Gaffling's aid. On rare occasions,
a Gaffling will let a Garou bind her into a fetish. The cost
for such service is a chant of thanks, a kiss and a promise
to use that fetish to whatever purpose the spirit's color
foretells. Failure renders the fetish worthless.

Che Triptych: Maiden, Mother and
rone

iden: Rage 8, Gnosis 4, Willpower 4, Power 30

er: Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Power 30
Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 30

is: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Create Wind,
ires, Flood, Forest Sense, Healing, Lightning
Bridge, Materialize (see below; 12/10/
shift, Tracking, Umbraquake. These
their Power to use a single Charm, as
e aspects of the same being.
Matérialized Statistics:

Maiden: Str 4, Dex 4, Sta 4, Alertness 3, Athletics 3,
Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Primal Urge 3, Animal Ken 5,
Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3, Medicine 2, Rituals 3, 7
Health Levels

Mother: Str 3, Dex 3, Sta 3, Alertness 3. Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 2, Animal Ken 5,
Leadership 3, Survival 2, Enigmas 2, Medicine 3, Occult 2,
Rituals 4, 7 Health Levels

Crone: Str 2, Dex 2, Sta 2, Alertness 2, Empathy 4,
Intimidation 4, Animal Ken 5, Leadership 3, Survival 2,
Enigmas 4, Medicine 4, Occult 5, Rituals 5, 7 Health Levels

Image: Three women — a teen, an adult and an elder
— of the same ethnic type. The forms they choose depend
upon the expectations of the party they appear to; those
who view them as the Fates would see a trio of Greek
women, while those who trust in the Three Raima would
behold three African queens. Sometimes they come nude,
in archaic gatb, or robes; other witnesses see them in
modern clothing. Occasionally they appear as wolves,
ravens or cats rather than women.

History: These three aspects of Woman are as old as
Woman herself (as the Furies are quick to point out, the
concept of Woman predates humanity as well as civiliza-
tion). These Jagglings incarnate a sliver of their essence,
allowing them to walk the Earth. Although they did not
spting from Pegasus herself, they often aid the totem's
chosen. While the Black Furies seem to be most familiar
with these entities, anyone may deal with them.

81


According to legend, the three midwifed Pegasus when
she birthed her brood, springing from her teardrops and rising
full-formed. This, it is said, forged a bond which has lasted
millennia. Despite this tie, the Maiden, Mother and Crone
come and go as they will. Pegasus herself has no power over
them. True immortals, these aspects are immune to true
harm. Their Jaggling-spirits merely reflect a larger whole.

Each spirit embodies a different phase of womanhood. The
Maiden is impulsive, fresh and passionate, the hunter-child
and wonder-giver. To some, she is a virgin; others regard her
as a girl at the birth of her sexuality, playful but not yet
responsible. She is enthusiastic, joyful and innocent, yet
impulsive, capricious and quick to anger. Of the three, she is
the most capable warrior and the harshest judge.

The Mother is fertile, nurturing and balanced, the patron;

of healers, farmers and mothers. She knows the joy of creatio
and the responsibility it conveys. While she shares her you
sister's vitality, it is tempered with insight and forbearanes
While her elder understands the ways of enigmas bert
Mother remembers the frailties of mortality, and
them. She is slow to anger, but her rage lasts for cent

The Crone seems forbidding at first, but is more th
she appears; barren yet wise, harsh yet cage peesio teh

insight: t the Crone's ties to the Earth
magic is far more potent than her d
she can call upon Gaia's own vigor when'n cessary. He
humor is often sharp and her rage crackles like dry woot
though it quickly subsides if the subject repents.
In the old days, the Triptych walked the Earth freel
dispensing wisdom, blessings, curses and prophecies to all
they encountered. As the Gauntlet thickened and hu-
manity lost its wonder, they retreated to secluded corners
to watch the parade. Throughout the ages, however, they
still appeared when it suited them. Here a prophesy of
kingship, there a blessing bestowed upon a dying child. In
the modern era, the Three have acquired a fond curiesity
for humanity's frantic last gasps. They appear to humans,
Garou, mystics and animals whenever it pleases them,
sometimes to warn, occasionally to destroy.

The Three always walk together; meet one, and you en-
counter all. If it pleases them, they may appear completely
mortal and mundane. More often than not, they seem en-
grossed in some other business, even if they only manifested
moments ago. Those who meet them should be on their best
behavior — these spirits do not take kindly to disrespect!

Habitat: Anywhere they choose, although the Legend-
ary Realm, the Fury homeland and the Seasonal Realms of
the Verbena magi are their most common haunts.

Spiritual Correspondences: Passion, nurturing and wisdom

Material Correspondences: The Triptych may only be
summoned by women, although men might encounter
them in a crisis. Calling them requires a desperate prayer;
not urgent, perhaps, but heartfelt. These spirits will not
come for trivial reasons.

cee aD I gf AEDT IPT EI CE OA IE

Gift Lore: The Triptych may teach any Gift they
choose, though they seldom instruct higher than the
second rank unless they have a compelling reason. They
prefer nature-oriented Gifts, but can impart even Glass
Walker secrets if necessary.

Taboos: Legend says that the Three cannot interfere
directly in any mortal's life, nor attack one unless they're
defending another. While their advice can change the
future of civilizations, these spirits will not take an active
hand in events. They leave deeds to mortals — human,
animal and Garou alike.

Attitude: Depends on the situation; often friendly
(especially toward female characters}, occasionally hos-
ile, rarely neutral. All three tend to be maddeningly
igmatic and talk to each other in riddles.
sChiminage: No matter how friendly they seem, it's
ays wise to tread lightly when you encounter three
n of different ages! Addressing them by their proper
always a good way to start, especially if they appear
eone else. To them, recognition shows wisdom.
e days, the Triptych demanded a sacrifice for their
ally they still do, especially ifthe one who requests
ale. Such tributes might include: a trinket with
e drops of blood, asong or poem, agame
an heart or a single tear.

as aone-shot plot device, not a magic item). Asking for
such a favor will earn their contempt — at the very least...

Rat's Brood

The rat is in the trap; it is in the trap,
And attacking heaven and earth with a mouthful of screeches
like torn tin.

— Ted Hughes, "The Rat's Dance"

In any human city, there exists a delicate balance between
order and chaos. Humans operate under the delusion that
their capacity to reason places them above this conflict, but
wherever Man builds, chaos watches and waits. Hidden in
alleyways and sewer tunnels, skittering under massive struc-
tures of concrete and steel, the Wyld thrives. It shivers and
twitches, waiting to devour, corrupt and savage. This is the
world of the wild incarnate, and this is the realm of the Rat
Incarna. There is only one rule here: Survive or die.

The Urban Wylderness promises extremes. While the
electric touch of the Weaver brings stasis and conformity,
the chaotic influence of the Wyld can drive the tamest of
entities to madness. Rat isa Totem of War, and in the war
against order, Rat has adopted many spirits into her brood.
As the rodent population of a city grows, more energy is
available for Rat's brood. The reverse is also true: As the
technological aspects of a city increase, the force of the
Weaver gives energy to the orphaned Weaver spirits of
Cockroach. And as the cities of men grow larger and

82 Axis Mundi

ELE PS AT ee


a

larger, the conflict intensifies. If Gaia was whole, there
would be balance, but as the Apocalypse draws closer, the
spiritual landscape reflects a tortured world.

The Garou are caught in the middle of this spiritual
battleground. Knowing the ways of Rat gives any
werewolf an edge in surviving the spirit world of a
metropolis, but surrendering too much to her bestial
ways can erode a Garou's humanity as instincts cloud
reason. While many of Rat's brood seem quite charm-
ing at first, there is a madness underlying their methods.
They quietly understand the power of the Wyld —
even in the midst of the cities of men.

Rat Gatfling

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Tracking

Image: Rat Gafflings are at home in the Urban
Wylderness. Whether carefully groomed or grotesquely
disheveled, they are often found as spiritual compan-
ions to homeless travelers. The smartest ones are able
to sleep in a trench coat pocket or under a hat, while
highly esteemed Bone Gnawers have been known to
keep Rat-spirits the size of housecats. When material-
ized, as one would expect, they look like highly
intelligent rodentia.

History: Before the dawn of human civilization, the
number of spirits subservient to Rat was relatively
small. The most complex activity most Rat-spirits had
to worry about was watching over her children. Like
other animal spirits, many were Animal-spirits and a
few were Naturae, but beyond those simple forms, the
spirit world to which they were tied was simple.

The first human cities changed all that. Some radical
Bone Gnawer mystics attribute the madness of the Weaver
to the rapid growth of mankind's urban metropoli. In the
earliest cities, granaries and other stores of food provided
all the rodent population needed, but as rats became more
and more a part of human cities, the spiritual aspects of
cities became more complicated. While the mad Weaver
reveled in the growth of humanity's cities, Cockroach
learned her ways. Rat and her brood fought to keep the
force of the Wyld alive despite the encroaching webs of
the Weaver. Rat Gafflings have taken on a wider range of
responsibilities as their Incarna's influence has spread.

Habitat: Rat Gafflings often frequent the same hang-
outs as material rats, with a special penchant for the
nastiest, most hideous parts of a city. There are three
major varieties of urban Rat Gafflings. Sewer Rat Gafflings
inhabit the tunnels and pipes under a city. They often
resemble the classic Rattus norwegicus and are also the
most likely spirits to know if the city has a local gateway
into a Ratkin Realm. Tenement Rat Gafflings inhabit
the lowest floors of buildings, with a preference for
abandoned buildings, sleazy motels and homeless shel-
ters. Roof Rat Gafflings, which emulate the genus Rattus

Wf am ha Pee


rattus, are the most erudite rodentia and can be found on
the rooftops of a city. Some of these children also use the
Airt Sense Charm when leaping from rooftop to rooftop.

Spiritual Correspondences: While Rat is a Totem of
War, Rat Gafflings are spirits of survival. They are espe-
cially good at surviving despite the cold, uncaring world
around them. In the material world, they are helpful to
Garou seeking warmth and food, but in the Umbral
Realms associated with stasis, Rat Gafflings are very wise
in the ways of guerrilla warfare and theft.

These spirits also thrive on chaos. Anything that dis-
turbs the order and stability of the city delights them.
Sabotaging electrical machinery, monkeywrenching cor-
porations and construction sites, and driving humans out
of expensive urban shelters all serve their cause. Garou
who try to keep the spirit of the Wyld alive in the urban
landscape are viewed favorably by them.

Material Correspondences: Anything worn out, cast
off or handed down works well when casting rites before
Rat. In Bone Gnawer terms, Junk is preferred, and Stuff
acceptable, but Loot is a bit too much. Fascinating |
bric-a-brac are sometimes used to build unusual str
or merely hoarded for their curiosity value

When summoning Rat-G@a
for an offering. Natural, whol
but curiously enough, Rat Gz shave 4 strar
nation with mankind's processed and artificial foods,
They welcome the chance to investigate anything from
cheesy popcorn and sleazy potato chips to sugary children's
cereal. However, they detest anything containing caffeine
and will reject poisonous foods like chocolate or soda.

Gift Lore: Rat Gafflings can teach Cooking,
Attunement, Infest and Riot, as well as Gifts that involve
communication with the city or surviving civilization.

Taboos: Just as creating an environment where rats will
thrive will attract Rat Gafflings, disturbing such an envi-
ronment will either drive them away or invite their
vengeance. Rat Gafflings cannot disturb poisons or traps
without materializing and placing themselves in danger,
but they can help their brethren avoid them.

Although tame rats are usually very clean, Sewer Rat
Gafflings hate cleanliness. Cleaning up an area frequented
by them — both physically and spiritually — will drive
them away. Increasing the order and stasis around a Rat-
spirit nest will drive it into Slumber; fostering entropy and
chaos will attract them.

Forcing a high number of Rat-spirits into a small area is
generally regarded as a Very Bad Thing, as such creatures
can become exceedingly hostile and begin to assault or
even destroy one another. In other words, when binding
them, one to a customer will suffice.

Attitude: Rat-spirits are usually neutral, but are
extremely wary of strangers. Different types of Gafflings
have different personalities that match the sort of
environment they live in. Sewer Rat Gafflings tend to

cee ED Df EAT EO CE

oth: demand solid

be extremely secretive and shy, but can be quite vicious
if cornered. Roof Rat Gafflings are elitist, and the most
successful ones regard their lessors with disdain. Tene-
ment Rat Gafflings prefer the lower floors of buildings
and are often led by the largest Rat Gaffling in the area.
All three species are wary of Garou who are not Bone
Gnawers, although they have respect for werewolves
who follow their totem.

Chiminage: If a Garou wants to ask a major favor of a Rat
Gaffling, such as teaching the art of a particular Gift, the
spirit will scam for everything she can get. This is usually
much more than the Gaffling can use at the time, and she
will most likely snatch the offering away and hoard it for
later. If a Theurge wishes to bind the spirit into a fetish, he
will have to repeatedly entertain its whims by providing a
variety of treats to any rats or rodents encountered thereaf-
ter. As a rule of thumb, bribe early and bribe often.

When a pack requires the services of these spirits,
ity. Bone Gnawers have been known
.with a rite of temporary pack
ite of the Pizza. Most Theurges

: e first part of the ritual,
ns with the use of a pay
utes or less to enact.
darity of the pack by
| the tiate the intricacies of the
eing upon toppings, deciding who gets
h slices, arid. so on. The rite ends with Bone

100:

Gnawets dancing in @ circle around the pie when it

arrives, devouring most of it, and offering the ceremo-

nial last slice to the Rat Gaffling present — after
picking off any "offensive" toppings, of course.
Raccoon-spirits

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7, Power 20

Charms: Acquisition*, Airt Sense

Image: These animal spirits are urban bandits. Find-
ing actual raccoons in a city can be difficult, burt
opportunities to scam valuable trash attract their atten-
tion. Their chubby appearance reminds some homid
Garou of stuffed toys, but Raccoon-spirits can be excep-
tionally crafty and resourceful.

History: Raccoon-spirits follow their Animal Fa-
ther in the wild, but those who live in the city are
among the orphaned spirits that are cared for by Rat.
Cities offer far more opportunities than the wilder-
ness, and so wasteful men have invited them into
their demesnes.

Habitat: Raccoon-spirits seek out trees to climb
and soil to dig in, but the presence of a stalking
ground for leftover food is far more important in the
Urban Wylderness. Trash piles and the demesnes of
Heaps (see below) are treasured. In the Umbra, they
have been known to assist in guerrilla raids against
Weaver Realms.

84 Axis Mundi

OL PT TR iioneey //

"x


Material Correspondences: You want to know what
they want? What do you have? The easiest way to
negotiate with a Raccoon Gaffling is to present him
with the stuff you have — your backpack, your friend's
suitcase, the trunk of your car — and let him rummage
through until he finds something good. Of course, this
is risky, but even worse is the fact that it's messy. Once
the offer has been made, the Raccoon will scatter
everything about until it gets what it wants.

Aneasier option is to make a straightforward offering
of food, trash or cool stuff. Any trash can be a veritable
temple, and a really good dumpster can radiate the
holiness of a church. Scrounging is a form of worship, so
remember that it's the thought that counts.

Spiritual Correspondences: Raccoon-spirits un-
derstand that theft is also a survival skill, so they really
can't fault werewolves who use it to survive. When the
rich have more than they need, skimming a little off
the top never hurt anybody. Their scrounging way
torment those who demonstrate wastefulness or gh
tony. Raccoon Gafflings also represent resourceful
and ingenuity.

Gift Lore: Typically, these spirits teach. Rag
and Bone Gnawer Gifts involving "acquisitios
as Blur of the Milky Eye and Open Seal

Attitude: Friendly, especially, sine
something to offer them.

Taboos: As part of a truce dating back to the end of -

the Impergium, Rat and Raccoon-spirits spare vermin,
but their mortal allies must help Rat's children find
what they need. Killing the vermin in an area or
cleaning up the habitat of a Raccoon Gaffling will
encourage it to seek opportunity elsewhere.

Chiminage: Raccoon-spirits are excellent thieves,
but Garou who really wish to gain their favor must
impress them by stealing something that is carefully
guarded. If a Garou wants to employ one to acquire an
item, it will be content to trade for something of equal
value. Like many thieves, they value items that are hard
to acquire, even the item is valued more for its rarity
than its actual monetary value.

Heap Gafflings

Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Willpower 3, Power 20

Charms: Healing, Materialize, Noxious Gas*

Image: The appearance of a Heap can range froma pile
of compost in the garden in the backyard of a house to a
giant garbacious monstrosity shambling in a suburban
landfill. Once roused from their Slumber, Jaggling levia-
thans appear as animate shoggoths of cardboard and
aluminum. Heap Gafflings aspire to such grandeur, but
will never attain it. In the last century, the Great Trash
Heap has become an Incarna of its own (a god of garbage,
if you will). The immense Heap Jagglings have become

A EAP LT CO

Gre at Trash Heap.

part of its collective consciousness, but many of the
smaller Heap Gafflings still have an affinity to Rat.

History: Heaps were once the guardians of the wealth
scavengers envied. In early Africa, for instance, Ivory
Heap Jagglings watched over the fabled elephant grave-
yards, and Bone Gnawers would undergo epic journeys to
find their treasure and vast wisdom. As the Urban
Wylderness became more polluted, smaller Heap Gafflings
became far more common. They still value their treasures,
but the impressive nature of the Heap Jagglings declined
as their numbers decreased, and their standards of quality
were lowered.

The number of Heap Gafflings has steadily increased
over the last century, and their once impressive sagacity
has deteriorated into the type of advice one would expect
on a Saturday morning cartoon show. It is these lesser
spirits chat humbly serve as the brood of Rat instead of
finding the wisdom to commune with the glory of the

at. r the pile of trash, the more attrac-
ound becomes toa Heap Gaffling.

Ost piles, dumpsters or even messy rooms are

ise to move unless they can
ive demesne. A homeless
material trash pile will slowly
til it can find a good home. If the spot

‘educe in:

it chooses is free of trash, it will slowly build a hoard, as

humans nearby will feel a subconscious urge to litter
and give it their Junk.

Spiritual Correspondences: While Heap Gafflings are
slothful and egotistical, they are also connected with
advice, generosity and material possessions.

Material Correspondences: Heap Gafflings are easy
to please. They are quite willing to take any Junk a
petitioner has to offer, and they are eager to advise
Garou on items that can still be of use to mortal
creatures. Bone Gnawers who develop a friendship with
these spirits are more likely to find useful Stuff.

Gift Lore: These spirits can teach Gifts involving
temporary wealth or prosperity, as well as rites for gather-
ing Stuff, such as the Rite of the Shopping Cart.

Taboos: Anything taken from a Heap must be put to good
use. Unlike Heap Jagglings, who like to hoard their wealth,
Heap Gafflings are willing to give up their trash. They should,
however, be assured they will receive more later. They are
saddened to see perfectly good Stuff wasted and will try to
recycle truly good Stuff by offering it to any who will treasure
it. ("Look at this perfectly good milk carton! How can younot
appreciate such a fine specimen of wax and cardboard?")
Carrying the Stuff a Heap Gaffling offers you will put you in
favor with it. Refusing such a kind gift will earn the spirit's
enmity. (This explains why some Bone Gnawers carry vast
amounts of garbage for no discernible reason.)

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters 85

/ ais RT EY


Attitude: Friendly, and somewhat lonely. Smaller Heaps
tend to enjoy the company of Garou. The largest Heap
Jagglings are known for their epic loneliness and tend to
amass a number of Gafflings to entertain them. These
attendants will endlessly posture and pose to amuse their
benefactor, who in turn watches them like her children.
(For more ideas, watch an episode or two of Fraggle Rock.)
Smaller Heaps are envious of their massive brethren, but
lack the ambition required to attain such epic bulk.

Chiminage: Ir is rather difficult to hind chis type of spirit
into afetish, although there are legendary tales of a few being
bound into garbage trucks and such. There are also stories of
enchanted trash cans, such as the Moldy Grail guarded by the
Sept of the Green in New York. Extremely wise Heap
Gafflings are even capable of creating chimares around their
territories, offering adventurous travelers a place to stay.

Ifa Garou can sufficiently entertain a Heap or bring her
an especially wondrous item, she may in turn ask one of her
children to accompany the petitioner. A prolonged friend-
ship may garner greater favors. Bone Gnawers have told
tales of being saved by animated trash in the demesne of a
favorite Heap.

The demesnes of these entities are sometimes frequented
by Urban Englings (see below). Finding them in this environ-
ment can be quite difficult, but rewarding. After a prolonged
search (and an impressive Scrounging roll), the Bone Gnawer
may find a "lost treasure" and gain Gnosis in the process.

ae

Urban Englings

Rage |, Gnosis 10, Willpower 6, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Shapeshift

Image: Though technically these are Enigmatic spirits,
many of them have come to join Rat's brood. Most
Englings are glowing balls of light and energy who occa-
sionally assume human or animal faces for purpose of
expression. While Englings in the Wyld have been known
to assume animal forms, Urban Englings often prefer more
anthropomorphic shapes. As an Engling is wounded, his
chosen form will dissipate, but his light and energy will not
diminish until it is consumed by a Garou.

History: The Garou have always known about the pres-
ence of Englings. These spiritual creatures are composed of
pure Gnosis and are typically hunted for their eminent
energy. If the proper ritual is performed over one, the Engling
will give up her life so that their petitioner can harness the
spirit's Gnosis. In the Urban Wylderness, the rituals for
hunting an Urban Engling can become somewhat bizarre.
Rat has been known to give some of her eminence to her
children by recruiting Urban Englings as intermediaries.

Habitat: Urban Englings fall into two categories: playful
and cerebral. Scrounging is the easiest way to find the more
cerebral variety, as it will hide in the basement or attic of a
house, piles of trash in an alleyway, or even in a garbage
dump. Heaps (see above) have been known to gather Urban

86 Axis Mundi

OLE: Ps ET RE en


Englings around them to provide faithful and respectful
urban Garou with the Gnosis they need.

Playful Urban Englings will reside wherever the Wyld
is present within a city, showing a preference for city parks,
fountains, and other such places. If a rite is used to
summon the Engling, it will then taunt its pursuer. Clever
Garou outwit them; foolish will quickly get lost.

Spiritual Correspondences: These urban entities are
still enigmatic spirits and obey the call of the Wyld more
easily than the needs of Rat. Nonetheless, they enjoy Rat's
protection, as they both serve a common cause. They
represent creativity and nourishment.

Material Correspondences: As these creatures have an
affinity for the Wyld, they are especially fond of works of
art or other creative applications of trash and other urban
detritus. Any fetish used to store such spirits should reflect
the ingenuity of the owner.

Gift Lore: None, but Englings will give Gnosis to
Garou who capture them.

Taboos: Neglecting the call of the Wyld, or increa
the force of the Weaver, insults an Urban Englin
killing of creativity or destruction of art — wl
eradicating graffiti, dismantling urban-sew!
couraging street musiciatis®

Attitude: Friendly, and.usualls

and eminent energy is yours.

Chiminage: Playful Englings consider the amusement the
gain to be worth their sacrifice. More powerful Urban Englings
will require a more epic chase. Cerebral Urban Englings gain
pleasure from the resonance of nostalgia or sentimentalism
they generate at the end of a Scavenger Hunt.

The more light-hearted spirits are content simply to amuse
themselves by making chases entertaining. Some have been
known to ride on the backs of bicycles, automobiles and other
vehicles so that wolves and dogs can chase them through
traffic. To them, wisdom is found through play.

The more cerebral Englings will prefer to lead their
pursuers ona quest of sorts. They may take the form of various
discarded objects, such as soda pop cans, newspapers, or old
clothing. Some have a predilection for taking of the forms
forgotten childhood toys or mementos. The Scavenger Hunts
they lead not only uncover scads of cool stuff, they are a form
of reverent worship to some Garou. Remembrance and
nostalgia are very important to these wistful spirits.

Feral Psychagonea

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Possession, Suggestion* (if Wyld)
or Corruption (if Wyrm-tainted)

Image: Feral Psychagonea appear as vicious, frustrated
animals. Their states of frenzy continually invite the corrup-
tion of the Wyrm. In fact, the corruption of the Defiler Wyrm
can transform them into hideous spirits known as Feral
Psychomachiae. The most horrific appear as abused or wild

animals, often with distended jaws or twisted, bloodstained
claws. Those who serve Rat appear disheveled and dejected,
but are still more civilized than their Wyrm-tainted cousins.
(The singular form of the name is "Psychagonia.")
History: Humans dangerously close to mental breakdowns
or insanity invite the taint of self-destructive spirits known as
Psychomachiae, which delight in awakening baser, more
bestial impulses. They reawaken primitive urges within hu-
mans that were once essential to survival. Similar spirits call to
the tame beasts within a city, who sublimate their instincts of
survival to coexist in human company. Rat understands the
call of the Wyld thar still exists hidden in the city. The "purer"
varieties of this spirit serve her, but the defiled versions of these
sprits can become as dangerous as Psychomachiae.
Wyrm-tainted Feral Psychomachiae revel in unrestrained
bestial impulses. They encourage neglected animals to lash
out at their masters and wallow both in the uncertainty of
the tame animals who consider savagery and the suffering of
thé mortals whom they savage. Wise animals and clever
Jarou can spot these spirits for what they are and drive
hem away. Orhers are notso lucky. Note that, as with many
‘yrm-tainted spirits, they are not always present when
tal creatures exhibit these emotions, but they can
finitely intensify such feelings in creatures who already
bit the beginnings of such madness.
Although vampires generally do not know of the exist-

fence of Psychagonea, the Animalism Discipline can be
used to attract or repel them. Under the sway of these

occult powers, they can aid in charming, calming or
enraging mortal creatures.

Habitat: Feral Psychagonea are drawn to places where
animals are neglected or abused. Mortal animals find them
extremely unnerving and will react to these spirits, who
will reveal themselves to them whispering promises of
freedom and joy. Unfortunately, not all animals can
distinguish them from their Wyrm-tainted cousins. Poorly
tended zoos, kennels, parks or even homes where pets are
neglected are all suitable stalking grounds.

Spiritual Correspondences: Those who serve Rat glo-
rify freedom. While a tame life of submissiveness may seem
suitable, Psychagonea enervate mortal creatures to a
point where the thought of breaking free becomes quite
exciting. Of course, as spirits, they don't understand the
drawbacks of such an existence, such as starvation, cold or
fear. As such, Feral Psychagonea are typically reckless.

Material Correspondences: Sabotaging places that con-
tain or restrain animals lessens the affinity of Psychagonea
to those locales. They are rarely, ifever, bound into fetishes,
as the confinement would actively harm them.

Gift Lore: Gifts taught by Psychagonea typically relate to
understanding and working with animals rather than con-
trolling them. They understand the basics of the Spirit
Speech Gift, but can only teach how to converse with animal
spirits. Gifts taught by Feral Psychomachiae have been
known to induce frenzies.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters 87

Of APOE Ps ET DT ientemmniemney //,


Taboos: Psychagonea detest anything that constrains an
animal or denies it its freedom. Treating an animal as anything
less than an equal insults them. If an animal is to aid a human of
its own free will, it must have the freedom to choose. An
eloquent Garou can negotiate a compromise with the spirit, but
as reckless entities, they feel no obligation to hold to a bargain.

Feral Psychomachiae, on the other hand, abhor kind-
ness, seeing it asa lie. They fear humans and mistrust them
implicitly. Overcoming the mistrust of an animal will
force its host Feral Psychomachiae into Slumber.

Attitude: Feral Psychagonea are friendly if treated with
respect, while Feral Psychomachiae are hostile in the extreme.

Chiminage: These spirits will consent to working with
Garou if they can help improve the situation of domestic
animals. Acts of kindness to pets impress them. Feral
Psychomachiae who corrupt creatures delight in watching
retribution against those who harm or abuse them or even
the men who would usually master them.

Lost Dogs

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Power 25

Charms: Reform

Image: This animal spirit is usually a shaggy or forlorn dog
with a needy expression. Abandoned or feral dogs, slaugh-
tered puppies or other forgotten canines eke out a living not
unlike that of an urban Bone Gnawer. When some of these
creatures pass on, they become lost spirits in the Umbra.

ee I Ig AEA EE CE OA IE

History: Wild dogs have no trouble adjusting to the
transition between life and death. It is a natural adjust-
ment. As the species was domesticated, however, their
understanding of the spiritual world was obscured. Rat
commiserates with the creatures of the city who fight to
survive, and although she is disdainful of dogs who hunt
her children, the souls of animals who die in the cities
and cross the Gauntlet after death can find communion
with her.

They like to keep their freedom, but if a chance to
run with a good pack fora little while comes up, they'll
take it. If they remain solitary or find companionship
with kind mortals, they'll find solace.

If these spirits gather in numbers, however, they
become dangerous. A pack of Lost Dogs, especially one
under the influence of a Feral Psychomachiae (see
above), will slowly begin to raise the rage of the pack
members. (Increase the spirit's Rage by up to three
points as the pack grows.) Over time, the pack will
become a marauding band of wild beasts that inflicts its
loneliness and despair on others by spiritual, or even
material, assaults. Once the path of rage is chosen, the
only escape is oblivion.

Habitat: Wherever the spirit can rest from the madness
of the Penumbra, catch some sleep, and watch the life they
once knew. Those that succumb to their own rage even-
tually roam the most dangerous areas of a city in packs.


Spiritual Correspondences: Lost Dogs stand for lone-
liness and abandonment, but are extremely receptive to
companionship.

Material Correspondences: Binding a Lost Dog into a
fetish is difficult, as the level of trust required is quite high.
They work better as companions than as tools.

Gift Lore: Gifts of companionship and fellowship are
known to these spirits.

Taboos: Lost Dogs have forgotten their former lives. If
they witness the people or places they knew in mortal life,
the pain of remembering what they've lost will force them
into Slumber. Once the life once knew is completely gone,
they cease to become Lost Dogs and either pass into
oblivion or become animal spirits.

Kindness rescues them from their fate, but isolation
drives them to seek out others of their kind. Herding them
or forcing them to act together is taboo.

Attitude: Friendly when alone; hostile in numbers.

Chiminage: Kindness is remembered; disdain is ,
turned. Respect the freedom of a Lost Dog, and if he
you suitable, he'll develop a gradual affinity to you,
him and he may exact revenge later.

Wanderlust-spirits

Rage 1, Gnosis 8, Willpower'8, Power 4

Charms: Airt Sense, Suggestion*

Image: This is a spirit carried on the wind, an elusive
bright mixture of light and energy that beckons a Garou
or a spirit on to better things. The spirit may suggest
aromas and visions from distant lands, whether that's the
flashing lights of Las Vegas or the smell of a bowl of
borscht from a family restaurant in Minsk. Bone Gnaw-
ers who follow these clues get further glimpses of the
spirit as they follow it further, along with increased luck.

History: The Bone Gnawer tribe has wandered
across the face of the Earth, putting their homeland
farther and farther behind them. Rat, and the City
Fathers she knows, can usually judge when the Bone
Gnawer population of a city should be moving on, but
judging exactly where they should go can be difficult. As
a result, Rat has gained an alliance with these enigmatic
spirits who can reveal wisdom to the Garou who follow
them. Questing after a Wanderlust-spirit can be a lengthy
and hazardous journey.

Habitat: No permanent habitat whatsoever. Just as rats
will abandon a residence that is about to be destroyed or
a ship that's about to sink, Wanderlust-spirits will try to
lead Garou away from danger and discourage them from
"putting down roots" in any one place.

Spiritual Correspondences: Travel broadens the mind,
and spirits of Wanderlust teach tolerance, understanding
and acceptance.

Material Correspondences: Sacrificing the material
possessions one has accumulated may summon this type of

spirit. There are legends of a few being bound into fetishes,
such as compasses and shifting road maps that repeatedly
lead Garou on bizarre adventures. There are also stories of
Umbral entities that lead spiritually questing Garou to the
Realms that would best heal their hearts.

Gift Lore: Survivor

Taboos: Once a Bone Gnawer has set down a semiperma-
nent residence, the Wanderlust-spirit will stop calling to him.

Attitude: Friendly and inviting, yet taunting and mysterious.

Chiminage: Confessing feelings of loneliness to one of these
spirits will attract its attention. A simple request to "take me
away" may be all it takes to start a quest after a Wanderlust-
spirit. The spirit will try to figure out why the petitioner is
unhappy and present him with clues about where he should be.
The Garou then follows a series of clues to figure out the next
place the spirit will be. Asa side effect, he may find adedicated
item getting warmer or colder as he gets closer to figuring out
the mystery. Once the Garou discovers the locale, he will feel
derlust-spirit, however, may amuse
image later on....
e the Garou wisdom. In
xt place where the spirit
's Willpower and grant
sis. Experience gained
sle for increasing perma-

Stag has one of the largest and most unified broods of any
totem spirit. Stag commands his brood through his own
strength and by respecting the abilities of the spirits which
serve him. Stag rewards loyalty, and he protects his own kind.
Those who dishonorably attack members of Stag's brood
must face Stag's vengeance in the form of the Wild Hunt.
Despite Stag's large brood, the Incarna wields no more power
inthe Umbra than other totem spirits; ambition is something
that has little appeal to Stag. The Incarna expects members
of his brood to attempt to solve their own problems before
calling upon him. This expectation extends to the Fianna.

The Stag's brood gathers in the Bright Meadow of his
Totem Realm. Favored Garou children of Stag visit the
Meadow and serve in his councils. Stag may invite faeries
and Verbena or Dreamspeaker mages. None of Stag's
children or brood will harm faeries, due to an ancient pact
between the Stag and the fey.

Mawn

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 7, Power 70

Charms: Airt Sense, Healing, Materialize, Reform

Image: Dawn appears as a bright glowing woman
wrapped in veils of reds, oranges, blues and purples with a
slightly blurred outline. She radiates an aura of comfort.
Dawn offers hope to the unfortunate, and she warns
animals of the coming daylight.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters 89

OAPI LD, Ps ET eT tiie, //,


History: Dawn was born of the feeling of awe and
wonder that came with the first sunrise of the world. No
matter what tragedies may come to the lives of Stag's
children and their allies, she heralds the new day and
illuminates darkened souls. In the Silver Record, there are
accounts of the spirit saving Garou from the grip of
fiarano and' warning the Sian of Siack Spirent! Sarre
ambushes. Nawn has narticinated in the affairs of human-

kind, and some ancient peoples worshipped her as a minor
deity. She has many names from these times, such as
Aurora or Usha. Dawn has aspirit lover, the spirit of sunset
and evening, whose name is known only to the wisest
elders. She meets with him during the white nights and
dark days of the far north and south.

Habitat: Dawn travels across the world with the first
istae af dap Akar dhe suv nines dato the heavens she
retires to the Bright Meadow, where she dances with
Stag's many attendants and lightly shades the petals of
spring flowers with her blessing.

Spiritual Correspondences: Dawn represents the first
light of day. She is the spirit of both the false dawn of early
morning and the true dawn of day.

Material Correspondences: fiowers, songs, pictures or

sunrise

Gift Lore: Dawn teaches Gifts of healing, purification,
light and warmth.

Taboos: Dawn must never materialize in the physical
world during the bright light of day.

Attitude: Dawn is a pleasant spirit who enjoys visits
from the Garou. She answers requests politely, no matter
how extreme or ill-conceived. She does not take well to
threats or demands, and those who try to coerce her will
earn the wrath of Stag himself.

Chiminage: Dawn appreciates entertainment. She
especially enjoys music, painting and dance. Garou who
perform for Dawn will earn her favor. Dawn has a
weakness for the flattery of attractive males of all species,
although the spirit ot' evening Keeps her heart. Any
Garou who can bring her a bit of the essence of sunset

will earn her favor.

Gruirr

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5, Power 90

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Disorient, Heal-
ing, Incite Frenzy, Reform, Shapeshift

Image: Gtain appears as a well-endowed' golden
brown woman with bright yellow hair, dressed in a
long plain gown holding a basket filled with sheaves of
wheat and barley. She has dark eyes that sparkle
delightfully, and her hips sway suggestively as she
walks. Smiles come easily to her. When she speaks she
does so with an enticing lilt, and many Fianna swear
she has a Irish accent.

History: The Fianna refer to Grain as "the spirit of
spirits," and so she is. She was born from the first vat


of alcoholic brew mixed together by the ancients.
She is a welcome visitor to any celebration, and she's
served Gaia well in the past, by intoxicating Fomori
and Bane-spirits so that Gaia's defenders could fall
upon them. The Fianna credit Grain for teaching the
secrets of their mystical homemade brews. Fianna
elders are quick to warn young pups to be wary of
YA Grain, because they know she has potent abilities to
alter the senses. Many of the more amusing tales of
the Fianna Galliards involve Grain setting a mis-
guided youth straight by getting him to imbibe a bit
too much.

Habitat: Grain customarily spends her time sitting
in the Bright Meadow of Stag's totem realm, constantly
handing out mugs or filling pails with her fine gift.
When she is not present in the Bright Meadow, she
seeks out wild parties and gatherings. During the win-
ters, she is whispered to spend time among the spirits of
the dead in the Dark Umbra, bringing cheer to the
gloom below the world.

Spiritual Correspondences: Grain is most famous
as the spirit of grain alcohols, but she also holds some
sway over the grains in the field. She helps her
mother, Gaia, provide bread and sustenance to hu-
mans and animals.

Material Correspondences: Beer or alcohol brewed
from any grain, sheaves of grain and empty beer mugs.

Gift Lore: Grain teaches any Gifts that might muddy

the senses or bring blissful intoxication.

Taboos: She refuses to give aid to the overindulgent,

and she may not use her healing during the winter months.

Attitude: Grain is a bright spirit who dispenses kind

words and tall tales with her drinks. She is friendly to
those who approach her, and enjoys relaxed company.

Chiminage: The best way to approach Grain is

with an empty mug. She takes great pleasure in filling
mugs, and those who compliment her drinks fare well
with her. In order to impress Grain, a Garou will

have to sow fields with her plants, or discover a new
brew for himself.

The Hind

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 8, Power 90

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Cleanse the Blight, Heal-
ing, Materialize, Reform

Image: The Hind, or Doe, always appears as a lovely
snow-white deer with dark, soft eyes.

History: The Hind is Stag's daughter. She is a spirit of mercy,
caring and innocence who offers to aid all who are in need. The
Red Talons have tales of how she suckled young cubs after
hunters slew their parents. The Silver Fangs sing legends of
how the Hind guided great heroes to discover lost fetishes. The
Hind often manifests to comfort young Garou and lost ones

yy after their First Change. She leads frenzied Garou away from

innocents or loved ones averting some of the tragedies of rage.

Wf amy. Gnawa

Habitat: The Hind dwells in her own mini-realm in the
Umbra, a place of everlasting spring near Summer Country,
where she tends to the demands of young animals and
children of Kinfolk. Other times, she spends in the Bright
Meadows, bathing in the beauty of her sire's realm. She
enjoys visiting the realms of Unicorn and Pegasus, and she
has allies among the broods of both Incarna.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Hind is a spirit of
peaceful innocence and childhood.

Material Correspondences: Song, tears, ribbons, gifts
from the heart, new-fallen snow and spring blossoms.

Gift Lore: The Hind teaches Gifts of healing, conceal-
ment and pacification.

Taboos: The Hind will never engage in combat. She
will only dodge and flee from attack.

Attitude: The Hind is friendly to those who call her out
of a sense of respect or wanting to do good for others. She
has little patience for those who desire strength or power,
such as Shadow Lords or Get of Fenris. When the Hind
does not wish to see such an individual, Stag may send his
more violent brood members to intervene.

Chiminage: The Hind requests that those who call upon
herreturn her favors by doing good for the youngand innocent.
She is a shy spirit, and she takes her time to meet new people.
She prefers to deal with individuals who are smaller than she
is, either sitting adults or children. Any quick or aggressive
actions in her presence will cause her to flee.

Impala
Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Willpower 9, Power 100
Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Plains Sense (as the

Gift Forest Sense), Reform, Tracking
Image: Impala appears as a perfect example of his

material species, with a rich coat and spreading horns.

History: Impala leads the spirits of antelope who
pay homage to Stag. Impala is a spirit of knowledge,
well renowned for his wisdom. Of all of Stag's brood,
Impala is his closest advisor. Impala insights have
crippled many of the Wyrm's schemes. He takes re-
sponsibility for all of Stag's brood that have spiritual
ties to Africa. Impala considers himself a spiritual
protector of the continent.

Habitat: Impala lives in a Umbral mini-realm, the
Vast Savanna. He visits Stag's totem realm to graze
with his distant cousins and share his wisdom with any
who seek it. Impala has his own small brood, composed
of antelope spirits. Impala manifests on earth comfort-
ing his children while humans relentlessly steal and
destroy their lands.

Spiritual Correspondences: Impala represents Stag's
wisdom, intelligence and conscience. He reminds Stag
of the consequences of action and inaction.

Material Correspondences: Impala horns, skins of
crocodiles or great cats.

92 Axis Mundi

0 PO: Ps Ts EET LY,


Gift Lore: Impala teaches gifts of sensing.

Taboos: Impala may not answer unasked questions,
although he tries to circumvent his taboo through
implications and leading answers.

Attitude: Impala is initially friendly to all who
approach him, seeking counsel. He has little patience
for individuals who ask for his advice, but who don't
act on it when presented with the opportunity. Impala
believes that all beings should be aware of their limi-
tations as well as their abilities.

long as the predator offers to spare another rabbit in the
future. Rabbit enjoys having stories involving his totem
animals read to him, but he quickly grows bored if the
reader doesn't perform the reading well. A well-renowned
elder earned Rabbit's eternal friendship with a mesmeriz-
ing rendition of Watership Down.

The Brook

Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10, Power 100
leanse the Blight, Flood, Healing, Material-

Chiminage: Impala prefers the direct approach. He. :

dislikes pretentiousness and flattery. When he re-:

sponds to others, he does so in a blunt and diree

manner. If seekers do not like his answers, he advises,

them not to ask the questions. Impala refuses tospea
on matters in which he has no knowledge, ¢
technological devices.
Kavoit

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 5, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Disorient, Materialize, Reform

Image: Rabbit appears as a small white, brown « ‘or gray
rabbit.

History: Rabbit has a long and colorful history of
getting into trouble and hopping out of it. Many folk tales
and stories come from Rabbit's exploits. Rabbit takes
credit for every piece of fiction with a bunny or hare
long as he gets a little prodding. Ge

Habitat: Rabbit spends most of hi
burrow hidden in the Bright Meadow of Stag
realm. When he goes out, he oftene res the Penumbra,
and he likes to manifest wherever he
wilderness or rural areas. Rabbit somet
a Garou's hunting ground looking for a ge dc

Spiritual Correspondences: Rabbit is the spirit of
wilderness survival. He has the quickness to escape from
the hunt, and the wits to forage for food.

Material Correspondences: Rabbit's feet, carrots, other
vegetables and rabbit stories.

Gift Lore: Rabbit teaches Gifts of hiding and decep-
tion, and those that aid in the scrounging of food.

Taboos: Rabbit will never fight an opponent. He goes
by the annotated motto, "He who runs away, lives."

Attitude: Rabbit is initially suspicious of anyone who
seeks him out or calls upon him, especially wolves and
Garou. He likes to form long-term relationships with
individuals, but he always takes his time to develop trust.

Chiminage: Rabbit should be approached in as inoffen-
sive and nonthreatening a manner as possible. He prefers
to be given food, such as fresh carrots, cabbages, radishes
or certain roots. He likes to eat his food in peace before
answering the questions of Garou. Sometimes he will give
up one of his totem animals to aid a starving predator, as

ndfoodinthe ~

e Brook spurts up out of the ground when
ests, usually from a rock, although Bone Gnaw-
im that the spirit will appear out of the pavement
pew from a fire hydrant. The Brook always has
| clear water, which sparkles and bubbles enthu-
ally. The Brook washes and purifies all that it
rime, sludge and assorted debris cannot stand
ing beings who drink its waters are
rene d refreshed.

History: The Brook is a child of Gaia, a gift of fresh
water for all living beings. It takes many forms, from the
Fountain of Youth to the cleansing waters of sacred rivers.
Stag watches over the Brook for Gaia. The Brook allows
anyone to partake of its waters. Despite the reputation
that the Brook holds in the mythos of dozens of cultures,
it does not have the power to mend corrupted souls. The

., Brook never takes sides in the conflicts of Gaia. The Brook
- sees itself as a spirit of peace which offers the gift of life and

ling to any who would ask.

Habitat: The Brook flows freely through Stag's to-
m realm, becoming a babbling creek as it tumbles
rough the Bright Meadow. Stag and his brood will

ften drink the waters, and Grain uses its pure liquid as

‘the basis for her brews.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Brook is the spirit of
life and health, associated with pure water. It is the
provider of water to all creatures of the woodlands.

Material Correspondences: White or clean clothing,
wave patterns, smooth stones, fresh water plants and frogs.

Gift Lore: The Brook teaches Gifts of healing, puri-
fication and Gifts associated with water.

Taboos: The Brook may never refuse any who wish
to drink from its waters. It must defend the safety of any
who come to drink, while they are near its waters.

Attitude: The Brook burbles up with an offer of friend-
ship to those who call upon it. Only direct attempts to foul
ot contaminate its waters can bring its hostility.

Chiminage: The Brook responds to all those who
come to drink from its waters. The Brook prefers that
those who seek it come first to drink, and then to
bathe before moving on to other matters. For special
requests, a Garou should work to prevent pollution of
fresh water or clean a fresh-water stream.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters 93

0 PO, EP ET PE, iuntemmiemey //,


Squirrel

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6, Power 80

Charms: Airt Sense, Forest Sense, Materialize, Reform

Image: Squirrel's Jaggling avatar appears as a perfect
specimen of the animal. He changes colors depending on
his appearance, alternating between white, black and
gray. He isa lively spirit, constantly swishing his tail back
and forth and twitching his whiskers.

History: Squirrel is a consummate trickster and tattle-
tale. He runs through the treetops, waving his bushy tail this
way and that, teasing creatures of the Wyrm or spying on
those who violate the Ways of Gaia. Most legends abou
Squirrel tell of him outwitting more powerful spirits, but in
certain stories, Squirrel gets caught. Luckily, Stag always
arrives to save him after he's learned a good lesson. (If'one
story, Squirrel outwits Grandfather Thunder himself. )
Squirrel, despite his faults, is devotedly loyal to Stag. No
matter how much trouble he gets into, Stag always forgives
him. Squirrel's favorite hiding place is behind Stag's antlers.

Habitat: Squirrel dwells in the treetops of Umbral forests.
He constantly travels from place to place by leaping from tree
to tree. When he attends Stag's councils in the Bright
Meadow, he sits in Oak's boughs. Squirrel enjoys manifesting
on earth, where he does a great deal of spying and seolding.

Spiritual Correspondences: Squirrel is the spirit:of

careless curiosity which all young animals feel when they

first reach adolescence.

involving sure-footedness as the Cat-spirits. He also teaches
Gifts of spying and hiding.

Taboos: Squirrel never breaks a promise, but he also
tries not to make any.

Attitude: Squirrel's primary attribute is his curiosity, ©

followed by his chattiness. He can be a bit arinoying,
because he's rarely serious. His favorite Garou are all
Ragabash. Squirrel is always friendly to anyone who can
handle a bit of teasing and climb trees.

Chiminage: The best way to approach Squirrel is to offer
him presents, such as nuts in the trees, bits of food or secret
information about anything under the sun. Squirrel is a
sucker for gossip and rumor. Squirrel hates when someone lies
to him. While he doesn't mind being tricked, Squirrel
considers lying to be "unfair."

Vale

Rage 7, Gnosis 10, Willpower 5, Power 70

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Materialize, Reform

Image: Yale is a buck with a red or brown coat and large
antlers. In most respects, he resembles a typical adult male
deer. Yale differs from natural deer because he can rotate
his horns and even move them independently.

History: Yale first appeared in early medieval times. He
served Stag asa protector of spiritual places, defending them

eg

from knights and other forces of civilization. For long
centuries, Yale performed his duties, but as the Industrial
Revolution swept the world, Yale failed in his tasks. Now,
Yale defends a paltry few sites, but the spirit realizes that the
Apocalypse draws near. When the Final Day arrives, Yale
will need all of his power to try to defend Gaia.

Habitat: Yale spends his time in the Totem realm of
Stag. He will travel to earth to visit unclaimed caerns and
to watch over Stag's children.
spondences: Yale represents the mysti-

Lore: Yale teaches gifts involving interaction with
bra. He also teaches rites that require contact with

cts neutral to those who seek him,
; truth, he enjoys aiding the Garou. He be-
lieves that every being should rely on develop their own
spiritual self. For this reason, some of his responses are
cryptic, for the spirit believes that lessons are best learned
through self-discovery. Yale can be sullen or even de-
pressed at times, and it is best not to approach him in
these moods. Yale hates technology.

Chiminage: Yale is not fond of packs who seek him out
en masse. He prefers to interact with Garou one on one.

Material Correspondences: Nuts, food, squirrel tails, secrets Yale hasa particular distaste for individuals who have an

Gift Lore: Squirrel teaches as many of the same Gifts |

overinflated sense of self-importance. Yale always re-

"quests services as payment for his aid and advice. A

pical service would require a Garou to defend an

_ unawakened caern from the Wyrm's minions.

The Black Stags

Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Willpower 10, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Blast Flame, Materialize,
Reform, Tracking

Image: A Black Stag is a large night-black stag, about
the size of an elk or a large caribou, with sharp pointed
antlers and fiery red eyes.

History: Black Stags are another manifestation of
Stag's rage. Many stories tell of these Gafflings crushing
serpents beneath their hooves or impaling monsters on
their antlers. These manifestations of Stag's fury some-
times lead the Wild Hunt, and woe to any who mistake
these forerunners for prey of the Huntsman. When a
Black Stag appears to one of Stag's children, it serves as
a warning that the child is straying from the proper path.

Habitat: Black Stags dwell in the Totem realm of the
Stag in the forest to the far side of the Bright Meadow,
opposite the wood where the White Harts live. If they
are encountered outside the Totem realm, they will be
seeking vengeance for the Stag for an attack on his

brood or his children.

94 Axis Mundi

) gris nninieey //,


came ra fA

Spiritual Correspondences: Black Stags are spirits of
vengeance and fury.

Material Correspondences: Antlers, blood and bonfires.

Gift Lore: Black Stags teach no Gifts.

Taboos: Black Stags must always attack enemies of
Gaia, wherever they may be found.

Attitude: As manifestations of Stag's anger, Black
Stags are only interested in attacking Stag's enemies.

Chiminage: The only entreaties that Black Stags re-
spect are offers of aid in slaying Wyrmspawn. A Garou who

calls on a Black Stag should have a strong anger burning
inside himself which the Black Stag will share.

Kelpies

Rage 4, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Flood

Image: Kelpies are sensual water spirits who attempt to
lure males and females into their drowning embrace. They
take the form of anaked and perfect male or female of their
victims' species.

History: Kelpies are manifestations of the dark side of
Stag's nature. Legends throughout the British Isles describe
Kelpies luring the unsuspecting to their doom. Kelpies do
not prey upon the innocent. Instead, they purposely appear
to individuals who have drawn the ire of the Stag and do not
deserve the honor of death in combat. Many black-hearted
humans have lost their lives to the Kelpies.

Habitat: Kelpies inhabit deep lakes and rivers in the
Umbra. They venture out of their lairs only to seduce the
deserving and bring them back to a watery grave.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Kelpies represent the
dark side of the sexual aspects of the Stag totem.

Material Correspondences: Algae or fresh-water fronds,
cloth or rope soaked in fresh water.

Gift Lore: Kelpies only teach gifts of seduction.

Taboos: Kelpies fear flame and will not go near it.

Attitude: Kelpies are generally neutral and detached in
their dealings with living beings.

Chiminage: Kelpies are dangerous to approach. Garou
should avoid looking into their eyes, lest they decide to
follow the Kelpies back to their lair.

White Harts

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 10, Power 60

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Forest Sense, Materialize,
Reform, Tracking

Image: White Harts are youthful stags with a coat the
color of new-fallen snow. They have eyes that flicker with
a deep intellect and vary in color from black to deep blue
to bright green. White Harts have black noses, black
hooves and black antlers. When a White Hart manifests,
he appears at the edge of his target's vision, more often
than not just a flash of white fur in the woods, lingering
just long enough to draw chase.

Az a) Ga Pe ee


History: White Harts are Stag's guides. They lure
Gaia's enemies into traps, and they lead Gaia's defenders
to their goals. The appearance of a White Hart is always
asign from Stag. Stag protects his Harts and rarely allows
them to be slain. When a Hart is slain by an honorable
hunter, Stag asks the slayer to serve him in the Hart's
stead. Harts may take on human forms to speak with
beings who cannot take a hint or to serve Stag in the
urban wastelands.

Habitat: White Harts dwell in Stag's Totem realm,
where they have mates and families. On special occasions,
they present themselves before Stag in the Bright Meadow.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Harts are manifes-
tations of Stag's will. They represent the endless pursuit
of physical perfection which inspires many creatures to
greatness.

Material Correspondences: Snow,
tanned buckskin.

Gift Lore: The Harts do not teach
special instructions from the Stag, when they ma
any Fianna Gift.

Taboos: White Harts do not di

with humility, eyes down at first, slowly rising to me
eyes of the Hart as the conversation proceeds.

Uktena's Brood

Speak of snakes in low voices in broad daylight,
Of monster snakes in whispers, saying little,
And never in the dark.
—Jean Starr, "Uk'ten'
Uktena's spirit brood consists of creatures who share its
affinity with water and the search for hidden knowledge.
Besides the Native American spirits who acknowledge Uktena
as their patron, the spirits of dragons, snakes and snakelike
creatures from many cultures have formed alliances with
Uktena, drawn to that totem by their desire to maintain their
connection to the material world. Uktena's willingness to
adopt orphaned or abandoned spirits has served as a model for
Garou born into the tribe of the great water-serpent.

Wingless (Oriental) Dragons

Rage 6, Gnosis 9, Willpower 7, Power 45
Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Reform, and one of the
following: Create Fires, Create Wind, Flood, or Quake*

yy ae

Image: Oriental or wingless dragons come in many sizes,
shapes and colors. They combine the body of a serpent with
four legs and a long, sinuous tail. Their expressive faces
reflect great intelligence and a lively, if sometimes mercu-

cme A I gf MOET CE

tial personality. In color, oriental dragons span the spec-
trum; they may be red, black, blue, green, yellow or
multicolored.

History: Gaia dreamed, and some of her earliest dreams
took the form of dragons. These exuberant manifestations
of the Wyld played freely in the tempestuous days when
the world was young and its surface rapidly changing. In
later times, when the great Celestines and their Incarna
began to divide up the universe among them, the free-
spirited dragons found their exuberance curtailed. Many
of them resented the limitations imposed upon them by
the great powers who assumed the roles of gods and
demigods to the mortals who were quickly populating the

ging the gap between the Incarna they served
aortals who revered them. Each of these spirits

ments: earth, air; fire or water. After the rise of the
; let, the wingless dragons, like other creatures from
ere cut adrift from their moorings. Recog-
person of Uktena, these

gons would like nothing better than to find a
me their role as acknowledged links between
ld of matter and the realm of the spirit.

Habitat: Wingless dragons most often inhabit the
Umbra's Legendary Realm, although some can be found
ministering to the Elder Serpent in Pangaea.

Spiritual Correspondences: Wisdom, guardianship

Material Correspondences: Garou wishing to summon
one of the wingless dragons must perform a ritual which
involves burning aromatic incense and sounding a small
brass gong or ringing a string of temple bells. Petitioners
should also come prepared with gifts, since these spirits
enjoy accumulating valuable and beautiful treasures. Brush
paintings, ornamental vases or hand-crafted tea sets are
possible offerings to placate wingless dragons.

Somewhat vain by nature, wingless dragons will not
suffer themselves to be bound into any common-
looking or mundane object. Figurines resembling their
mythical form, preferably when made from exotic
woods or rare minerals, are their most favored abodes.
Garou wishing to create a fetish containing one of
these spirits had better have a receptacle made from
jade, teakwood or some other appropriate material.
Occasionally, wingless dragons may be bound into
objects such as bowls or weapons such as daggers,
provided such items are decorated with carvings or
paintings of oriental dragons.

96 Axis Mundi

OAL ER tentenlemey //


Gift Lore: A wingless dragon can teach Garou any
Gifts involving its chosen elemental correspondence, as
well as Gifts pertaining to acquiring knowledge.

Taboos: Because of their legendary role as guardians,
wingless dragons may not perform any actions which directly
harm mortals. Doing so will force the spirit into Slumber. To
awaken a Slumbering wingless dragon, a Garou must perform
a compensatory deed in the name of the spirit, restoring the
cosmic balance upset by the spirit's actions. ,

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: Wingless dragons welcome the opportunity
to further their guardian roles in the physical world, even if
only by proxy, so Garou seeking to learn Gifts from these
spirits will often be asked to engage in a quest of some sort —
usually one which involves rescue or protection. (Example:
"There is a woman in the Pacific Northwest who is fighting
to preserve the wilderness there. Evil men are trying to kill
her. Find herand foil their plots and I will gladly teach youthe
secret of The Living Wood.") Success in such a quest will earn
the Garou 2 Honor, 2 Wisdom and 3 Glory Renown. In order
to bind a wingless dragon into a fetish, a Garou must agree to
act as the spirit's agent in the material world and function as
a protector or guardian of the spirit's chosen province: forests,
rivers, volcanic areas, mountains, etc.

When approaching wingless dragons, Garou should
always keep in mind that these spirits do not tolerate
rudeness of any sort. Downcast eyes, a respectful posture,
soft speech and extreme politeness are mandatory.

Feathered Serpents

Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Willpower 6, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Cut, Materialize (Power Cost 13;
Str 2, Dex 4, Sta 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Stealth 3, 7 Health
Levels), Updraft

Image: In the Umbra, the feathered serpent (or coatl),
manifests as an enormous, snakelike creature with bril-
liant green or red feathers in place of scales. Unlike a
snake, its eyes have rounded pupils, resembling those of a
jaguar. Its favorite form for materializing in the physical
world resembles the graceful quetzal bird, although some-
times it takes the shape of a snake or a hummingbird.

History: Originally associated with Quetzalcoatl, the
Aztec spirit credited with creating humankind, the feath-
ered serpent came to symbolize hidden knowledge as well as
fertility to the inhabitants of pre-Colombian Mexico. The
tise of the Gauntlet and the death of the Aztec culture at the
hands of gold-hungry Spaniards intent on enriching the
coffers of Church and State severed the Umbral connection
which allowed the minions of Quetzalcoatl to communi-
cate with humankind. Seething with resentment, the
feathered serpents retreated into the Umbra, where their
anger grew as they saw the destruction of a culture that
honored them. Wily Uktena was quick to fill the vacuum,
and an uneasy alliance was formed with the servant spirits
of Quetzalcoatl. Feathered serpents are rare and generally
reclusive. They resent the destruction of the culture which

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters 97

PAE Ps LT LT ieiemey //,


cme A A gf ATT EP CE

once considered them messengers of the gods as well as the
corruption of their ancestral lands in the physical world.

Habitat: Feathered serpents may be found in the Leg-
endary Realm of the Umbra, or else in Glades corresponding
to rainforest and jungle sites in the physical world.

Spiritual Correspondences: Knowledge

Material Correspondences: Offerings of fresh flowers,
jade and a few drops of blood must accompany any rite
intended to summon a feathered serpent. A mixture of blood
and nectar (from flowers) is necessary for binding these
spirits. Favored fetish objects include stone daggers, gold
objects or items decorated with quetzal feathers or snakeskin.

Gift Lore: Feathered serpents can teach Gifts involv-
ing ferreting out hidden information as well as Gifts
related to the abilities of snakes or birds.

Taboos: Ii'a reatherea'serpencr interacts wittt a prrysia!
being (Garou or human) without receiving a blood offer-
ing of some sort, it will be forced into Slumber. Awakening
one of these Slumbering spirits may be accomplished by
sprinkling it with a few drops of blood.

Attitude: Neutral to hostile, depending on who they
deal with.

Chiminage: Feathered serpents can be demanding in their
requirements, since they initially regard most petitioners
with suspicion and mistrust. These spirits will teach Gifts or
lend assistance only to Garou willing to risk themselves for
such knowledge or aid. They may require Garou to retrieve
some ancient Aztec artifact from the haven of a vampire,
sabotage a deforestation team's efforts in the rainforest, or
carry a message to the werejaguars of the Yucatan. Such
quests, if successful, will earn Renown for the Garou (Honor
3, Wisdom 1, Glory 3) as well as the trust of the feathered
serpent. These spirits will only agree to be bound into a fetish
if the binder accepts a ban of some sort — usually a promise
never to harm a snake or bird. Sometimes the spirit may
require a Garou to protect the few remaining descendants of
the Aztecs or to dedicate some of her time to saving the
rainforests. Because of their initial hostility, feathered ser-
pents must be approached with caution and respect, rather
than fear. Garou with obvious Spanish ancestry should be
prepared to make some symbolic atonement for the misdeeds
of their human ancestors — either by spilling their own blood
or by making some particularly valuable offering to the spirit
— in order to even gain the attention of a feathered serpent.

Sea Serpents

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Power 40+
Charms: Airt Sense, Flood, Liquefy*, Materialize
(Power Cost 30; Str 8, Dex 4, Sta 6, Brawl 4, Swim 4, Bite:
Str+1, Squeeze: Str + 3, Health Levels 10), Sap Will,
Suggestion*. :
Image: These spirits appear either as gigantic aquatic
dinosaurs or as monstrously large serpents. Their colors range
from gray to brilliant blue or green, but usually correspond to


watery tones. Some sea serpents are horned, while others
have spiked heads. Their eyes are large and heavily lidded,
but exercise a mesmerizing power when fully opened.
History: Sea serpents were among the first creatures to
travel the paths of Gaia's lifeblood — her rivers, lakes and
oceans. When humans began to populate the earth's
surface, they sometimes encountered these creatures, and
these meetings gave birth to legends — of the Loch Ness
monster, the giant water serpent in Nevada's Pyramid
Lake, the Skirmsl of Iceland and denizens of many other
bodies of water. The rise of the Gauntlet affected the sea
serpents in different ways. Some were driven entirely from
the physical world and can only be contacted through
summoning rites. Others, like the Loch Ness monster,
occasionally manifest in the world of matter. Uktena,
itself a great serpent of the waters, activel;

are fairly common, although usually
exists in any particular place. Most sea

the earth's waterways. The
induced in them a growing irr
who have despoiled their once pristine realms.

Habitat: Sea serpents inhabit the Umbral site w
corresponds to their specific lake, ocean or river's ea:
manifestation. They can, however, travel freely thre
the "waters" of the Umbra.

Spiritual Correspondences: Travel by water

Material Correspondences: Sea serpents can 6n
summoned in the Umbra surrounding their specific la
waterway. Garou wishing to summon one of these gf
need a vial of pure water and a stone dipped in the
chosen body of water. (If the water from a particula
polluted, the stone must be purified afterwards.) Acc
able fetish objects include river reeds (for river serpents),
shells (for ocean spirits) or lake stones (for lake creatures).

Gift Lore: Sea serpents can teach Gifts relating to
water or water travel.

Taboos: If a sea serpent inadvertently touches land or
if it is seen by a normal human, it is forced into Slumber
fora full cycle of the moon. Garou can awaken Slumbering
sea serpents prematurely by performing a Rite of Purifica-
tion in the Umbra near the spirit's home or — in the
physical world — by swimming at least one mile along the
course of the sea serpent's specific waters.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: Sea serpents will require that a petitioning
Garou pass some sort of test to earn its favor. This may be
anything from a series of riddles to a feat of physical exertion.
(Example: "Swim three times across the lake and | will teach you
what you wish to know.") Sea serpents will rarely allow them-
selves to be bound into fetishes, although occasionally they will
agree to do so for specifically designated periods of time.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

AAP TS, ER ininnnay //

cme ED IgE TT EC

In return for entering a fetish object, sea serpents will
extract asolemn vow from the Garou to release it after the
agreed-upon time has passed. In addition, the Garou must
accept a personal taboo or geas from the serpent, such as
avoiding the killing of sea creatures, drinking only water
or immersing herself in cold water once per day for the
duration of the binding. A Garou must stand in water
when addressing one of these spirits and must keep her
eyes lowered until the spirit agrees to speak with her.

Kolowissi

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 45
Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power Cost 34; Str 8, Dex
Brawl 3, Swim 5, Bite: Str+1, Squeeze: Str +3, Health
0), Flood, Reform, Shapechange, Suggestion*
olowissi appears in his true form as a gigantic,
ent with shining scales and a large gaping mouth.
been known to assume the form of an infant or
i ndsom young man in Native American warrior's dress.
History: Known to the Zuni of the American south-
the Serpent of the Sea, Kolowissi was born from the
the first days of the world. One of his homes lay
wa village called Home of the
ell how a maiden once unknowingly
defiled the spring's waters. Disguising himself as a found-
ing babe, Kolowissi insinuated himself into the maiden's
Id and then, in his true form, trapped her in her
| her father, the priest-chief of the tribe, agreed
r to the serpent in marriage. Kolowissi took the

-omely warrior to woo and win his bride, and she
with him to his home beneath the waters of his
sacred spring. The rise of the Gauntlet drove Kolowissi
from his earthly abode, but his memory is still preserved in
the stories of the Zuni. Because he has known the joys of
human love, Kolowissi enjoys meeting and interacting
with representatives from the physical world. He has a
special affinity for Garou, shapechangers like him, and has
readily agreed to act as one of Uktena's chief agents.

Occasionally, Kolowissi materializes in the physical
world, seeking out the company of mortals and indulging
himself in memories of a time when he was once regarded
as one of the children of the gods. Although he is not one
of the Incarna, Kolowissi is a singular spirit and one of the
more powerful Jagglings in service to Uktena.

Habitat: Kolowissi inhabits a Glade near the earthly
site of the spring which was once his sacred preserve.

Spiritual Correspondences: Respect

Material Correspondences: Kolowissi may be sum-
moned by bringing an offering of a sand painting, a
kachina doll or a vial of pure water from his sacred spring.
If this spirit should agree to be bound into a fetish, the
object must be one which meets his approval and must be
inscribed with markings that designate it as specifically
made to hold his spirit. Kachina dolls, ritual headdresses or
fetish sticks are acceptable objects.

99


Gift Lore: Kolowissi can teach Gifts involving water or
shapechanging.

Taboos: Kolowissi cannot come into contact with
polluted water. Doing so when Materialized will force
him to disappear from the physical world and Reform in
his Glade. Exposure to contaminated water in the
Umbra will drive Kolowissi into Slumber. To awaken
him, a Garou must perform a Rite of Purification upon
the sleeping spirit.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: Kolowissi often asks Garou petitioners to
make sure that his name is not forgotten among the
storytellers and lorekeepers of native peoples in return
for teaching them Gifts. On rare occasions, when the
demonstrated need is great, Kolowissi will agree to be
bound into a fetish, but only if doing so is essential to the
success of a particular quest or mission. Even. then, he
will not tolerate being bound into a fetish forlongerthan
a month. Before he will allow a Garouto bind him,
Kolowissi will first extract an oath that he will be re-

leased at the end of a month's time, threatening the:
binder with Uktena's wrath for failure to do so. He is also. ©
fond of testing any Garou who seek to -bind- him by.
accompanying them on some routine journey and plac- .

ing obstacles in their way. If they overcome these

complications to his satisfaction, Kolowissi will usually -

agree to place himself in their hands.

Although Kolowissi is generally friendly to visitors, he

is also a stickler for proper behavior and insists that Garou
seeking his favor acknowledge him as their superior.

Inadu (Snake)

Rage 5, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5, Power 30
Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power Cost 13- 18;

Str 1-3, Dex 4, Sta 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 4, Swim (water -

snakes only) 3, Bite: Str +1 or Squeeze Str +1, 7 Health
Levels), Reform, Tracking

Image: Snake-spirits have as many forms as there are
kinds of snakes. In general, Snake-spirits are idealized
versions of their material counterparts, with more vivid
coloring, shinier scales and faces that express their intel-
ligent and cunning nature.

History: Snakes are the children of the rain and thunder.
Most Native American people consider them to be sacred
or supernatural creatures, ancestor spirits or messengers of
the gods. The rise of the Gauntlet did not have as devastat-
ing an effect on Snake-spirits as on other creatures banished
to the realms of myth, but their reputation was tarnished.

Most Snake-spirits have long-standing alliances with
Uktena, serving as messengers and information gatherers
for the powerful totem spirit. Since the coming of the
Gauntlet, their role has become even more important and
Uktena has come to rely more and more heavily on the
inadu's ability to pass back and forth between the Umbra
and the material world with relative ease.

100

A AEA NATE EP EE PR IE

Western culture tends to view snakes as lascivious,
deceitful and evil minions of the powers of darkness. Non-
western peoples make distinctions between types of snakes;
some, like the rattlesnake, are revered, while others, like
the copperhead and spreading adder, are hated.

Although the inadu are fairly common Umbral spirits,
their presence is not always easily detected due to their
excellent powers of camouflage and concealment.

Habitat: Snake-spirits can be found in many places in
the Umbra. Some inhabit Pangaea, but most make their
homes in Glades or Wyld realms which correspond to
their natural habitats in the material world.

Spiritual Correspondences: Cunning, stealth

Material Correspondences: Garou must have a snake's
fang, scale, portion of shed skin or some other part of the
ic type of spirit they wish to summon. Inadu are
y bound into jewelry made from non-vital parts
of snakes or else decorated with snake images. Natural
objects which'¢ome from places frequented by snakes are

also acceptable.

_ Gift Lore: Inadu can teach Gifts involving stealth,

Ta ke-spirit has its own taboo, ac-
cording to its $ type. Water snakes, for example, must

never allow their skin to become completely dry. Rattle-
snakes, copperheads and other venomous snakes must

nei venom at least « once per day. Cobras must

corte ondence with their habits or habitat. To awaken
a Slumbering snake spirit, a Garou must perform a Rite
of Atonement in the Umbra on behalf of the spirit.
Most Snake-spirits will readily agree to assist Garou
who awaken them from a taboo-based Slumber.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: What Snake-spirits require in return for
their services may not be as grandiose as the demands
made by more powerful Umbral spirits, but their modest
requests often lead Garou down strange paths. Rescuing
one of its earthly kin from an ophiologist's menagerie or
locating a suitable habitat for a colony of endangered
rattlesnakes may involve Garou in exploits with far-
reaching consequences. Occasionally, snake-spirits will
agree to form long-term alliances with individual Garou
or packs in return for undertaking a quest such as break-
ing up a smuggling ring responsible for transporting
constrictors out of the rainforest and into the homes of
private collectors. Such quests, if successful, earn Re-
nown (Honor 2, Wisdom 1, Glory 2) for Garou in
addition to the favor of the spirit. Garou seeking to bind
one of the inadu into a fetish must agree to some condi-
tion or accept a ban. Promising never to harm a snake or
taking on the burden of attempting to improve the public
image of snakes are common requests made by Snake-
spirits in return for entering a fetish abject.

Axis Mundi

FAL AT SL niente //


ae

ee a

When approaching a Snake-spirit, Garou must be
careful not to startle it. The inadu, especially venomous
ones, have a "strike first, ask questions later" mentality.
Snakes appreciate respectful behavior and respond well
to compliments on their beauty and grace.

Dakwa's Children (Fish-spirits)

VA Rage 5, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5, Power 30
Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize (Power Cost 12; Str 1,
Dex 4, Sta 2, Dodge 4, Swim 4, 7 Health Levels), Reform
Image: Like Snake-spirits, Fish-spirits appear as ideal-
ized versions of their physical counterparts. Many of them
have extremely alert, almost human-looking eyes.
early people tell of fish who spoke with them and taught oD SE

History: In the dawn of time, the rivers, lakes and
oceans filled Gaia's veins with joy, and from her laughter
the first Fish-spirits were born. Later, the Cherokee of the
southeastern woodlands of America would tell of the great
Fish-spirit known as Dakwa, and would call him the father
of all fish. Before the Gauntlet, Fish-spirits often swam
with their matter-bound cousins and the legends of many

them secret lore. After the rise of the Gauntlet, Fish- S y ip)

Z
spirits found it much more difficult to enter the material kf if Pe
world and dally with their earthly counterparts or partici- La i 7
pate in encounters with humans. Dakwa, who was unable ES |
to remain in the physical world, grew sullen and retired to
his own realm deep in the Umbra, refusing to answer his
children when they called for him. Uktena offered to
adopt the Fish-spirits as members of its brood.

Fish-spirits now serve Uktena as swift couriers and
scouts, traveling through the waterways of the Umbra.
They are commonly found throughout the Umbra, wher-
ever there are rivers, lakes, ponds or oceans.

Habitat: Most Fish-spirits inhabit fresh or saltwater Glades
in the Umbra, although a few have found their way to
Pangaea and have made that prehistoric realm their abode.

Spiritual Correspondences: Cunning, water

Material Correspondences: Fish-spirits must be caught,
rather than summoned. Garou planning on finding one of
Dakwa's children must count on a sometimes lengthy

"fishing expedition" in Umbral waters. Bait which appeals
to the particular type of Fish-spirit is, therefore, a necessity.
| Any object which is meant to serve as a fetish for a Fish-

spirit must contain at least a few drops of fresh or salt water
and must be made from or decorated with shells, river or
lake stones or clay from the bottom of a stream or pond.

Gift Lore: Fish-spirits will teach Gifts pertaining to
water as well as low-level Gifts that have to do with
acquiring information.

Taboos: Dakwa's children cannot remain active for
extended periods of time outside the water (unless they are
bound into a fetish). A Fish-spirit separated from its
watery environment for more than a minute or so will
collapse into a deep Slumber from which it cannot awaken

of its own accord, To awaken a Slumbering Fish-spirit, a

es _ -.
ay! .
"4G ‘

fA LR EE een an reayy,


Garou must hold it in the water and expend a point of
Gnosis to jar it back into consciousness, Such an act will
almost certainly win the spirit's favor.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: Fish-spirits rarely require Garou to under-
take quests for them. Instead, they merely ask that Garou
wishing to learn Gifts promise to abstain from eating fish
for a month. If a Garou wishes to bind a fish spirit into a
fetish, she must agree to protect endangered species of fish,
promise not to eat a particular kind of fish or make some
other similar commitment.

Fish-spirits do not come when called. Instead, they
prefer the challenge of being "caught." A Garou who takes
the time to "fish" the waters of the Umbra will usually end
up with a Fish-spirit on the other end of her fishing line.
When this happens, the Garou must unhook the Fish-
spirit and return it promptly to the water. Only then will
the Fish-spirit deign to speak with the Garou.

Unicorn's Brood

Unicorn's large brood embraces the spirit | peace-
ful creatures and the joyful parts of nature. She recognizes
all Garou as Children of Gaia and therefore: her children.
Unicorn does recognize that an unjust peace is at least as
bad as no peace. She therefore has in her brood spiri
would bring justice and honor to all those of Gai
the spirits listed here, Unicorn has serving her sp
babbling brooks, gentle breezes and other spirits of na

She also has the spirits of those animals that have had

responsibility for her myth attributed to them, such as the
thinoceros, the goat and the cow.

Unicorn and her brood are dedicated to. seachiag and
remembering that all living creatures are Gaia's.children,
even the enemies of Gaia. Asa whole, they teach that the
artificial divisions between tribes and breeds serve only
the Wyrm. Unicorn and her brood teach and practice
empathy, Gaia's greatest gift. The Children of Gaia be-
lieve that empathy with other living beings is the secret to
defeating the Wyrm. Those who cut themselves off from
Gaia's love will only follow the path the Wyrm has set.

(Dove

Rage 2, Gnosis 9, Willpower 10, Power 70

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Healing,
Open Moon Bridge, Reform

Image: Dove appears as a perfect specimen of the dove
of the physical world.

History: Dove was born in the light of the First Dawn,
a creature of the joy and plenty of the Dawn time. Dove
tried to mediate the arguments between the spirits during
the troubled times that followed, but usually with little
success. Nonetheless, Dove caught Unicorn's attention.
When Gaia appointed the totem spirits to organize and
name the spirits, Unicorn chose Dove first.

102

In addition to being an independent spirit, Dove is a
part of the triune totem spirit New World Trinity. To-
gether with the Turkey and the Eagle, they comprise a
spirit of American ideals (see Children of Gaia Tribebook).

Habitat: Dove is often found in the peaceful realms of
the Umbra, especially the Homeland of the Children of
Gaia and Summer Country. Dove also travels to such
realms as Battleground and Erebus. There, he may simply
observe to remind himself of the tragedies it is his purpose
to prevent. He may choose to help guide some who are
trapped in these realms to a way out.

Spiritual Correspondences: Dove is the spiritual rep-
resentation of the Dove of Peace. He is a spirit of respect
and negotiation. He represents a hope for the future and
a willingness to try to settle differences without violence.
As part of the New World Trinity, he represents the
concept of having no entangling alliances.
terial Correspondences: Dove's connections to the
yorld include all symbols of peace. He recognizes
vir ls — from the traditional peace sign, to a pen
used to sign a peace treaty, to a United Nations flag. Any
item that is recognized as a symbol of an attempt for peace
can be used to summon Dove.

Gift Lore: Gifts of peace, understanding, empathy and
persuasion.

.». Taboos: Dove will not fight. He settles conflicts by
negotiation and passive resistance whenever possible.

pleasant spirit, though a bit sad. He

"sees violence and ‘bloods ed increasing in the world, among

both Garou and humans, and he knows that the Apocalypse
draws nearer, While Dove is aware of the need to fight the
Wyrm, he believes that the Wyrm will never be defeated
until the Garou defeat their own lust for blood and violence.

Dove has a special affection for Philodox. He believes
that the mediators of the Garou present the best hope for
peace between the tribes. Philodox have a -1 difficulty on
rites and rituals involving Dove.

Chiminage: For minor requests, Dove merely asks the
Garou to try to control her rage and consider solutions
other than violence. For greater requests, Dove may re-
quire that the Garou successfully mediate between fighting
septs or to refrain from engaging in ritual combat for a
certain period of time. Dove prefers that Garou approach
him in their breed forms, with homids dressed in white.

Black Unicorn

Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Willpower 10, Power 90

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Blast Flame, Materialize,
Open Moon Bridge, Reform, Tracking, Umbraquake

Image: Black Unicorn thunders majestically through the
Umbra. His coat glistens the color of night; a silver mane and
tail flow behind him. His deep eyes swirl with starlight and
the power of just retribution. When angered, he may breathe
gouts of flame from his nostrils or cause the fabric of the
Umbra itself to shake beneath the beat of his hooves.

Axis Mundi

EE. Ps ei //,


History: During the turbulent times following the
First Dawn, at the time of the naming of spirits,
Unicorn recognized the need for spirits whose com-
bat abilities could not be questioned. Despite her
peaceful nature, she realized that some of the spirits
she was gathering needed to be protected from those
who had not yet been organized. To meet this need,
she created Black Unicorn. Unicorn did not want to
create a wild spirit of rage to guard her brood. She
could not risk that he might leave her spirits defense-
less to get the opportunity to fight. So, she made him
noble, just, and chivalrous, dedicated to defend the
defenseless and help those in need. Black Unicorn's
protection extends to all of her children. Since Uni-
corn allied with the Children of Gaia, they of course
enjoy Black Unicorn's protection and assistance, but
all Garou can call upon him, as Unicorn considers all
Garou her children.

Habitat: Black Unicorn usually is found in the vio-
lent places in the Umbra, trying to defend those who
need to he defended. He can often be found in Battle-
ground and the Atrocity Realm. He can also be found
fighting on the side of Arthurian knights and other
noble and chivalrous mythological characters in the
Legendary Realm. Garou will occasionally find him in
the Children of Gaia homeland, enjoying the peace for
which he fights but rarely knows.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

/ atime imiemey //,

Spiritual Correspondences: Black Unicorn is the
chivalrous knight of Unicorn's brood. He is the fierce
and proud warrior, fighting the just war. Black Unicorn's
noble nature and good heart provide the strength to

fight those who perpetuate injustice or foment war and
dissent. His strength and ability are enough of a deter-
rent to conflict that he often does not have to fight. In
this, Black Unicorn represents the reality that hostili-
ties can sometimes be prevented by the threat of force.

Material Correspondences: Black Unicorn favors sym-
bols of chivalry and just war.

Gift Lore: Gifts of combat, both physical and spiritual;
Gifts of respect and awe

Taboos: Black Unicorn can never attack unjustly. He
is the spirit of just cause and defense of the defenseless.
He must never fight without reason or to settle a personal
score. He must always act with honor.

Attitude: Black Unicorn is a noble spirit who fights so
that others need not. He is respectful to petitioners,
visiting Garou and other spirits.

Chiminage: Black Unicorn requires that those who
would seek his aid defend and assist those who are
weaker than they or who are unfairly scorned. This may
be as simple as rescuing a kitten from a tree or as
difficult as swearing to always champion a metis who is
unable to defend himself, or even more difficult tasks,

103


depending on the magnitude of the request. He may
require that Garou who wish his aid accompany him on
a quest to defeat a great evil.

Those who approach Black Unicorn should treat him
with respect. If Black Unicorn feels a Garou has insulted
him, he may transport her to Battleground or to a court-
yard in the Legendary Realm where they may have an
honorable, but nonlethal, duel.

The Misshapen

Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8, Power 45

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Forest Sense,
Healing, Open Moon Bridge, Reform, Truth of Gaia (as
the Gift, Power cost 1)

Image: The Misshapen looms over even Crinos. The
mottled colors of its twisted, vaguely humanoid shape change
with its background, providing excellent camouflage.

History: The Misshapen first appeared around thetime
the joy of the First Dawn was giving way to the time of
conflict that followed. Perhaps he was the failed experi-
ment of a trickster or simply a sign of the end of the Dawn
time. Scorned and mocked by the other spirits, The
Misshapen hid in the lush forests of the age. Though the
other spirits despised him, he harbored no ill-will toward
them. He stayed hidden, and tried to help those who
needed assistance, remaining out of sight ‘36 :that' his
beneficiaries would not be frightened or angered' by his
appearance. When the totems began organizing and‘nam-
ing the spirits, The Misshapen sadly watched. He had
little hope of being chosen by. one of the great spirits.
Unicorn knew of his deeds and his heart, however. Uni-
corn brought him out of the forests to join her other'spirits.
Though he found acceptance in Unicorn's: brood; The
Misshapen still prefers to remain in the forests, quietly
aiding lost and injured creatures.

Habitat: Atrocity Realm, Erebus, forests in Pangaea
and Wolfhome and other lands

Spiritual Correspondences: The Misshapen is a spirit
of wisdom. He teaches that appearances can be deceiving
and that a gentle soul can live within the most monstrous
exterior.

Material Correspondences: Items that are plain or ugly
on the outside, but that are beautiful or good on the inside,
such as geodes and kiwi fruit.

Gift Lore: Gifts of forgiveness, truth and acceptance

Taboos: The Misshapen will never act out of anger or
hatred.

Attitude: The Misshapen isa kind, caring soul whase
outward appearance inspires fear and loathing in many
who see him. He is a lonely spirit, having chosen
solitude. Those who are kind to him despite his appear-
ance will earn his gratitude and friendship, though he
is wary of those who wish to befriend him. The Mis-
shapen feels protective of metis, seeing them as his

children. He grieves for those who give themselves over
to the hatred and rage they feel because of their defor-
mities, but he aids metis in any way he can.

Chiminage: The Misshapen asks that those who would
petition him keep an open mind and look beyond the
suttace. He asks that they try to refrain from being in-
stantly judgmental on the basis of nothing more than a
first appearance or impression. For major requests, he
requires the Garou to come to the defense of those who are
being unfairly judged. The Misshapen especially appreci-
ates the assistance Garou give to metis.

In order to learn Gifts from the Misshapen, a Garou
must first accept him for who he is. She must build a
relationship with him and convince him that she really
does accept him. The Misshapen will use his Truth of Gaia
charm to know when the Garou has truly accepted him.
Garou should take care in approaching the Misshapen.
Although he is a gentle and compassionate spirit, he can
know the secrets of those who approach him. A Garou

"who ‘seeks to'trick the Misshapen will quickly learn that

not only will she not receive aid, she will be rapidly
deposited in whatever place The Misshapen feels would be
most appropriate to teach her a lesson.

Narwhal

Rage 6, Gnosis'8, Willpower 8, Power 60

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Flood, Freeze,
Frozen, Breath, Healing, Ice Shards, Materialize

Image: Narwhal resembles a whale with a long tooth
jutting straight out through its lip. This pale tooth spirals,
appearing as a unicorn's horn.

History: Narwhal was chosen by Unicorn during the
naming of spirits. Narwhal was the seaborne counter-
part to Unicorn; his tooth had the appearance of and
the same healing properties as Unicorn's horn. When
the Gauntlet rose, Unicorn had no earthly children of
her own. Narwhal, however, left some children on the
other side of the Gauntlet. The female Narwhal lost her
jutting tooth in deference to Unicorn, while the male
kept his tooth so that he could help keep the memory of
Unicorn alive.

Habitat: The earthly narwhal lives in the North Sea,
and like his children, Narwhal inhabits the cold seas of the
Umbra. Narwhal will sometimes Materialize in northern
waters, especially if the area is affected by an oil spill or
otherwise badly polluted.

Spiritual Correspondences: Narwhal represents
nature's ability to eventually have its way despite the
efforts of man to tame it.

Material Correspondences: Narwhal tooth, ice and
pure water

Gift Lore: Narwhal teaches Gifts of healing, the sea,
cold and survival.

Taboos: Narwhal may only appear in the sea. He is a
spirit of water and must stay in his element.

104 Axis Mundi

0 JP Ps ET ninteeniemey //,

NS,


Attitude: Normally a gentle sea creature, Narwhal
can be a bit more savage than most of Unicorn's brood
when he feels it is necessary. He will be helpful toward
Children of Gaia and others who have taken Unicorn
as a totem. However, he is not as accepting as Unicorn,
in that he does not recognize those who "do not under-
stand" that they are all Unicorn's children. Narwhal
knows and is very proud that his children were respon-
sible for helping to keep Unicorn's legend alive.

Chiminage: Anyone requesting a favor from Nar-
whal should first do some research. The narwhal of the
physical world is no longer well-known, and Narwhal is
greatly pleased when Garou know something of his
children.

Narwhal prefers to be summoned to cold northern
seas. If a Garou summons a Narwhal Jaggling to any
other place, she should first have a good explanation
ready. She should also be prepared for the possibility of
Narwhal using his Freeze power to cool the temperature
to one more of his liking.

Well-aware of his age and his role in Unicorn's
legend, Narwhal does not long suffer arrogance. Garou
who are too wrapped up in their own self-importance
will not easily receive either Narwhal's cooperation or
his tolerance.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

Uf PE Le Ps ET ei TT ett, 7 /

aR

Heart Guides (Unicorn Anamae of the
Children of Gaia Homeland)

Rage, Gnosis and Willpower are equal to those of their
bonded Garou; Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Forest Sense, Healing (may only
be used on its bonded Garou), Materialize (x2 Power
cost), Open Moon Bridge, Reform, Tracking

Image: The Unicorn Anamae are all different, reflect-
ing their Garou. As an indicator of the spiritual condition
of their Garou, the appearance of the anamae will change
with the Garou. For instance, a strong and proud Black
Fury may have anoble, gleaming black and silver Unicorn,
while a reclusive Silent Strider may have asolitary anamae
who likes to stand on a cliff under the bright night sky of
the homeland.

History: According to the legends of the Children of
Gaia, the Unicorn Anamae were created after Gaia took
the slain pups of all tribes and made them the pups of the
Tribe of All Life. Gaia told the pups that though they were
of one tribe, they were also of all tribes, for all tribes are one.

Unicorn created the Unicorn Anamae as a gift to those
Garou who did not and still do not recognize that all
Garou are Gaia's children, and all of the same tribe.
Unicorn offers this gift so that all Garou may know that

105


she recognizes them as her children. Some Children of
Gaia Theurges believe that if other shapeshifters came to
the Homeland, they too would find unicorns, as Unicorn
recognized them as her own, as well.

Some Children of Gaia call the Unicorn Anamae
"Heart Guides," probably because of their ability to show
the spiritual health of their Garou. The name may also
have come about because many Children of Gaia turn to
their Unicorn when they need guidance or solace.

Habitat: Unicorn Anamae live exclusively in the Chil-
dren of Gaia Homeland.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Unicorn Anamae are
spirits of wisdom, representing the unity of all tribes, and
Unicorn's belief that all Garou are her children. They also
serve as indicators of their Garou's spiritual health after
they are bonded.

Material Correspondences: Something belonging to
the bonded Garou

Gift Lore: Parting the Velvet Curtain, Part the Veil and
any other Gifts that encourage understanding between
tribes and species, as well as gifts that appeal to all living
creatures' empathy with Gaia, such as Calm and Dazzle.

Taboos: The Unicorn Anamae rarely leave the Chil-
dren of Gaia Homeland. When they do, it is only to aid

their bonded Garou. Unicorn Anamae never attack. They
will only fight to defend their bonded, themselves, other
Uhicorn Anamae or Uhicorn ferseil They wittorny rigite
to defend themselves if they are unable to flee.

Attitude: The Unicorn Anamae tend to have reflec-
tions af the ynasitive narts of the nersanalities of their
bonded. They are able to find the good in almost any
Garou. In the ancient legends of Children of Gaia who
successfully redeemed a Black Spiral Dancer, it was done
with the assistance of the Dancer's Unicorn Anamae.

Chiminage: The Unicorn Anamae are devoted to their
bonded Garou. They will perform any reasonable request, but
will not betray the ideals of peace and unity of the Unicorn.

Myrrhae (Olive Tree Glade C hildren)

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7, Power variable (see
Werewolf: The Apocalypse)

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Forest Sense,
Healings

Image: Many of the Olive Tree Glade Children have been
woven into the Pattern Web, as their trees are carefully
cultivated so their fruit can be sold. The Glade Children still
to be found in the wild look much like other Glade Children,
pale luminescent figures curled within their trees.

History: When Gaia sheltered the resurrected slain pups
of all tribes, She kept them fed ina time of famine. It is said
that the olive tree was one of the sources of food for the pups.
When the pups returned to confront the tribes and teach
Gaia's love and forgiveness, they gave the leaders of each
tribe an olive tree branch. The olive tree branch symbolized


ee tn al

both the peace that briefly came to the tribes and the bounty
and plenty of the Mother. Thus, the olive tree came to
represent the benefits to be had by setting aside petty
differences and instead choosing cooperation.

Some Children of Gaia and the other spirits of Unicorn's
brood have begun to be concerned about the Weaver's
influence over the olive trees. Modern agricultural methods
frequently have more to do with the growth of an olive tree
than the nurturing of Gaia. These Children of Gaia believe
this is reflected in that modern peace is more often a matter
of contractual agreements and technicalities spawned by
the Weaver than a reflection of Gaia's bounty and love.

Habitat: The Myrrhae live within their olive trees.

Spiritual Correspondences: In addition to being the
spirits of olive trees, these Glade Children symbolize the
benefits of peace. Myrrhae are the spiritual representation
of the fruit borne by trying to solve disputes rationally and
peacefully instead of through violence. They are spirits ¢
plenty and abundance. They represent the long pro
and great patience which a commitment to peage requi
in the 20 years an olive tree needs in which to mature.

Material Correspondences: An olive branch or any item
that is intended to be used or has been used asa peace offering.

Gift Lore: Gifts of peace, understanding; empathy and
abundance

Attitude: All of the Olive Tree Glade Childre

those whose trees have been cultivated, are still we

of the older Myrrhae are concerned that cultivation is
making people forget their significance,

Chiminage: The Myrrhae make many. varied requests.
Usually, they will request that their tree be cared for, or
perhaps bought from the person cultivating it and put in
a place where it can serve as a symbol once more. If the
Myrrha is content with the state of its tree, it may ask that
the Garou spread the legend of the role of the olive tree in
nurturing the pups and remind others of the benefits that
can be had by choosing peace. The Myrrhae may also
request that the Garou take a seedling and care for it
during the long period required for an olive tree to mature.

Starlight

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 60

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Open Moon Bridge,
Reform, Shapeshift, Tracking

Image: A swirling mass of stars, shifting, coalescing and
breaking apart. Starlight will frequently use an image of a
translucent, starry woman when speaking with homids,
and a similar image of a wolf when dealing with lupus.

History: Though there had been starlight since the
Dawn, Starlight acquired her meaning in the legendary
times of adventure after the naming of the spirits. It was a
time of exploration and adventure, and hope for the

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

Taboos: The Myrrhae never leave their die trees.

of their ancient role as asymbol of peace ‘and plenty: Sons

future. Those who journeyed frequently used the stars as a
guide, a trend that lasted even into much later times, as
sailors used the stars to navigate. With the rise of the
Gauntlet and the corruption of the Wyrm, some of
Unicorn's children grew disheartened. The times did not
encourage peace, and it seemed that they may fail. Uni-
corn knew that she needed to provide them with some
symbol of hope. She asked Starlight, the mythic guide, to
join her brood. Starlight, sad at seeing the age of adventure
end, gladly allied with Unicorn to provide hope and a
spirit of questing and adventure to the world once more.

Habitat: Starlight can be found in the night skies of any
Umbral realms, and occasionally will materialize in the
night sky of the physical world.

Spiritual Correspondences: Starlight is a spirit of hope,
questing, knowledge and discovery. She is the light shining
through the darkness to guide those who would follow her.
Material Correspondences: Heavenly, celestial items
symbolize hope and discovery (model space
probes, etc.)

Gift Lore: Gifts bringing hope or aiding in finding
answers, the Enigmas ability

Taboos: Starlight will not appear in bright daylight.

Attitude: Starlight is a spirit of hope and discovery,
articularly the discovery of self and of new places. She has
guide Garou out of Harano and through far-off

It for some Garou to compre-
tthe only waya Garou, or any

"Chiniinage: Starlight loves to hear stories about dis-
coveries and adventures, especially if they contain some
bit of wisdom she can make into an obscure bit of advice
for some later questioner. She will ask that the Garou tell
her any stories of adventures that taught the Garou some-
thing about herself or her world.

Duck

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 10, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Healing,
Materialize

Image: Duck prefers to appear as a wood duck, but may
appear in the image of any species of duck.

History: During the First Dawn, few creatures took
lifemates. In that time of joy and exultation, all beings
rejoiced in life. Few felt the need or the desire to have
one lifemate. The duck, however, was different; it
mated for life. Ever since, the duck has been a symbol of
fidelity, loyalty and love. Unicorn admired the devo-
tion shown by Duck's children, and chose her during
the naming of spirits.

107


Habitat: Duck can be found in many Umbral realms.
Duck Gafflings seem to be as comfortable flying over cities
as they are at a pond in the wilderness.

Spiritual Correspondences: Duck is a spirit of fidelity,
loyalty and love. She represents the joy and devotion of
love and commitment.

Material Correspondences: Duck feathers and sym-
bols of eternal devotion, such as wedding rings, make the
best items with which to summon or bind Duck.

Gift Lore: Gifts of love and empathy

Taboos: Duck will not honor any request that would
result in her breaking apart any who are lifemates.

Attitude: Duck isa friendly, excitable spirit. She is likely
to chatter on in friendly conversation with the one who
summons her for some time before she actually gets around
to hearing why she was summoned. She is likely to quack as
she deals with Garou, probably annoying some impatient
Carou who have little tolerance for her babbling.

likely to be most cooperative if her requ
creatures together in a bond of love. »

Wenvdigo's Brood

The Wendigo is one of the most feared of totems. His
bitter rage is so great that it has devoured his own heart,
turning it to ice. No emotional appeals can sway him when
he hunts for vengeance — and he hunts often.

Many believe the Wendigo is cold because he lives in
the north, but that is not so. He lives in the north because
he is cold, because his heart died long ago, too mournful
from the loss of his children. He was once Sasquatch,
guardian of forests, but at the bidding of Gaia, he helped
lead his tribe of werewolves to the Pure Lands. It was a hard
journey, for the Wyrm's forces pursued them all the way.
Wise Sasquatch played many tricks on the evil ones, but
could not stop them all the time. He and Uktena were
harried on all sides trying to protect their chosen children.

With every wound, with every Garou to fall on the way,
Sasquatch's tears flowed greater until they threatened to
drown those around him. The Garou cried to him, "Still
your tears, Sasquatch! We have lost many, but we will go
on, as we must. Gaia will look after the fallen. Hide your
sorrow, for it scares the others." Sasquatch listened and
took their counsel. He hid the tears deep inside himself,
close to his heart, for he could not stop them entirely.

But death after death sorely wore at him. Finally, the
tribes reached the land bridge, a great erection of ice raised
by Gaia to carry them to the Pure Lands. Here the Wyrm

108

* times, a:

made its final assault, and here Sasquatch's heart died,
mourning for the many who fell before the great evil.
Victory was the tribe's however, and they howled into the
new land with great joy, singing and dancing for the end of
their exodus. But Sasquatch didn't sing or dance. Feeling
was dead in him. The tears about his heart had frozen to ice,
and this ice grew, reaching chill tendrils throughout him,
until Sasquatch was no more. Wendigo stood in his place,
and he raged across the Pure Land seeking revenge for his
losses, something he still does to this day.

Uktena Garou whisper that Wendigo was wounded in
the final battle, that the Eater-of-Souls placed its taint in
him, and that is why Wendigo is a cannibal spirit, always
hungry for others' hearts since he no longer has one of his
own. But the Wendigo Garou scoff at this, claiming that
Wendigo only eats the hearts of his enemies. Yet they
know that, in the heat of rage, few can tell enemy from
friend, and that the furnace of Wendigo's anger, so hot it
is, cannot melt the ice around his heart.

Whenever Wendigo or his avatar is abroad in the land
(summoned by the Wendigo Garou Gift), an ice storm

. follows him. Within this storm come many of his followers,

such as the Ice Elementals or the atcen cannibals. Some-
ortwo follows far behind, looking for easy
the path of the beast. After the monster has gone,
e land he has trod usually melts, becoming marshy for a
time before freezing again. Here there bred mosquitoes, a
veritable plague in lands like Labrador and Alaska. And
where there are mosquitoes, there are Mosquito-spirits.

All of Wendigo's Brood can be communicated with using

the Gifts Spirit Speech or Speak with the Wind-Spirits.

Kwakwadjec (Wolverine)

Rage 9, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Wind*, Create Object,
Incite Frenzy, Materialize (cost: 18; Str 4, Dx 5, Sta 4,
Subterfuge 4, Claws: Str +2, Bite: Str +1)

Image: The Wolverine Gafflings and Jagglings who
follow Wendigo are more often tricksters rather than
raging beasts. They have short tempers, true, but their
antics create many new things. They appear as normal
wolverines, except that they may walk on two legs and
have loin cloths or bows and arrows.

History: Kwakwadjec is a perverse, baudy trickster
totem whose uncouth attitude toward bodily functions
often repulses those around him. He's always trying to
stick his, ahem, "member," into people or things, and
something new always results when he's successful. He is
truly uncivilized. Yet, as a trickster, his pranks helped to
create the world, molding the lands of the north. He
named many of the things that are (and once were, but
which are no longer) and set some of the rules by which
others must live (although he can ignore them).

He isacunning and wily totem whose spirit Gafflings and
Jagglings are often encountered in the frozen tundra. He

Axis Mundi

POE. Ps ET LT tn teieey //,


ee A:

can be vicious if angered, for he knows Rage like the
Wendigo, so it is best to be wary around him or his followers.
Although he is a totem, none can ally with him, for he
accepts no long-term friendships. The world is his play-
ground, and if he wants something, he'll take it (or trick it
out of someone). He has no need for alliances, especially
with the younger children of the world (as he sees it, all
mortals are babies next to spirits of his antiquity).

A
(There is a Wolverine totem given in The Werewolf
Players Guide; this is an Animal Father, as the Red Talons
see it, and a more primal, though less amusing, spirit.)
Habitat: Any habitat where real wolverines live, such
as Canada.
Spiritual Correspondences: Invention, foolishness, Rage
Material Correspondences: Wolverine-spirits are at-
tracted to food, like all animal spirits. A heaping helping
of hor, freshly killed meat is sure to get one's attention. If
that doesn't work, try farting very loud.
When binding a Wolverine-spirit into a fetish, the

spirit must be convinced that it is a very rich habitat
indeed. However, they aren't too clever, and can be
tricked into thinking even a pile of dung is a comfy place
to reside. They best prefer knives, arrows or hunting gear.

Gift Lore: Wolverine-spirits teach all manner of Gifts
involving trickery or ferocity. They make excellent (if
obnoxious) teachers for Ragabash.

Taboos: Nothing is taboo to Kwakwadjec's brood,
although they may easily offend the summoner by any
number of rude or lewd displays.

Attitude: Depending on how one is approached and the
mood he or she is in, a Wolverine-spirit can be friendly,
neutral or hostile. It may be very hard to tell until it is too late.

Chiminage: Kwakwadjec's brood prefer honest dealing,
even though they are likely to practice backstabbing them-
selves (they see trickery as their province alone). They'll
usually ask for food or juicy gossip that they can later use to
trick someone else. A Garoushould always be wary in dealing
with these guys; they are fickle and infinitely resourceful (one
harsh winter, Kwakwadjec ate his own ass to survive).

Atcen

Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6, Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Freeze, Frozen
Breath, Materialize (cost: 21; Str 5, Dex 3, Sta 5, Intimi-
dation 4, Claws: Str +2, Bite: Str +2, 9 Health Levels)

Image: Atcen usually appear as tall, thin humans with
white hair and extremely pale complexions, along with
owllike eyes. They stink, too. Sometimes, their ribs stick out
of their torsos like tree branches, and they can hang strips of
flesh from them for curing. They are made of ice, not flesh.

History: Atcen are fearsome ice cannibals, Gafflings
who serve Wendigo. It would be nice to say that they only
seek out the flesh of those who are evil and have done bad
to Gaia, but that's just not the case: They'll eat anyone.
They see humans as edible and other animals as inedible.

Wf yh Gh ee

v

WM, list:

come
ZIM)

ui

s‘ieeg
SS "a,


Atcen are said to be created when a human eats the
flesh of his relatives. Ifthis is so, it certainly isn't the only
method of creation, for there are surely more Atcen about
than would be warranted.

Atcen wander the frozen wilds, seeking humans to eat.
They also like to eat homid Garou, but shun lupus or metis as
meals. There aren't as many of them as their used to be, since
food supplies are a lot better in the frozen north and very few
people are forced into cannibalism. However, one atcen can
create more, such as the time one ate a boy's father. The boy
finally caught the atcen and forced him to vomit his father
back up. The atcen said he wouldn't like the results, but did
as he was told. He vomited the father back up, but the father
was now an atcen himself, and ate his son.

Wendigo Garoucan usually talk atcen out of eating them
by playing on their fear that the Great Wendigo may not
like it. The acten don't want to be eaten themselves, and so
do not usually eat Wendigo's children. they are
hungry and nothing else is availa

Non-Wendigo Gar.
servants of the Eate
just trying to survive,
allowed: humans. (TI
foods.) They remind th
for them, to cull the o}
Talons heartily cheer t
safe from their hunger (f

Habitat: Lands of ice a
their frozen regions.

fé was once aneed

man fl k.. Red

Spiritual Correspondences: Ice, snow, winter, hunger,
cannibalism.

Material Correspondences: Two materials are required
to summon an atcen: enough ice for it to manifest (see
Image, above) and human flesh so it can eat once it arrives.
When encountered in the spirit world, an offering of
human flesh will be enough to stay their hunger for a while
(but just a little while).

Gift Lore: All Wendigo Gifts.

Taboos: The atcen honor no taboos. They have no
society and thus no sacred cows to violate.

Attitude: Neutral or Hostile, depending on whether
you are food or not.

Chiminage: As mentioned above, you'd better be pre-
pared to feed an atcen if you want to ask its aid. The only
way around this is to call upon their duty to Wendigo (only
achild of Wendigo can do this). This can only be done to
send them against a foe, in which case they will hunt him
and devour his heart.

Jee Elementals

Rage 6, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Freeze, Ice Shards

Image: Ice elementals appear in various shapes of ice: icicles,
ice shards, sheets of ice, etc. They can sometimes be mistaken
for glass elementals when they are still and motionless.

110

_tefined and forg

History: Some say that ice was the first element born
in the primal darkness, before even water. When the
Dawn came, the light and heat of the new sun melted the
ice and spread it across the world, covering everything.
Eventually, earth rose up from the watery mantle. From
there, the rest of the world was created as we know it today.

In the far regions of the world, those farthest from the
sun, yearning for the dark, are places where the heat of the
new light never touched, where the primal ice never
melted. These shards of primordial, ancient ice are ex-
tremely rare and almost nonexistent in the material world,
but they can still be found in parts of the spirit world. And
where there is primal ice, there are ice elementals, be-
lieved by some to be the oldest of spirits.

These beings are slow, both in motion and thought,
sometimes taking years to finish simple actions. But they
can explode into moments of incredible speed, shattering
outward in action before melting forever.

The Wendigo has ice elementals hanging from his hair,
from his eyelashes to his beard and right down to his pubic
regions. He snaps these spirits off and hurls them at foes.
Few things are as sharp as an ice elemental; even the
ildren of earth, the metal knives,
their infinite, piercing sharpness.

Ven an ice elemental melts, it becomes a water
elemental. At this moment of creation, it is the purest
water imaginable. It is said that drinking this water will
cure all ills, even melancholia.

Habitat: These spirits inhabit the oldest and most
barren regions of the spirit world, where primal ice still lies
untouched by the sun. These regions are guarded by Luna
and her brood from defilement, so sojourners must be wary
when gathering ice and frost from here.

Spiritual Correspondences: Ice, cold, sharpness

Material Correspondences: An ice elemental can only
manifest though primal ice. Otherwise, it becomes a water
elemental (although a water elemental can exist in ice).
Primal ice cannot be touched with bare skin, lest the skin
stick to the ice; it must then be cut off or the ice melted.

Ice elementals do not care where they are bound for
fetishes, for they are distant and noncommunicative beings.
However, they make incredible knives or klaives. Any klaive
with an ice elemental bound into it will add three dice to its
damage and subtract one from its damage difficulty. How-
ever, it will become extremely chill to the touch; the owner
must wear gloves or risk his skin sticking to the handle. There
are taboos concerning these fetishes (see below).

Gift Lore: Gifts of cold and ice.

Taboos: Sunlight, fire or warmth are the main taboos
to be aware of when dealing with ice elementals. The very
hint of these things may cause the elemental to explode,
sending millions of tiny, extremely sharp shards at whom-
ever brings these things (don't even roll for damage; no
mortal being can survive this kind of attack). After ex-
ploding, the ice elemental's shards melt and it becomes a

Axis Mundi

Vf APO, Ps Ey


cen eA AAD

water elemental, flowing away from the frozen lands to
find a river or stream to take it to the ocean.

Anyone who is trying to destroy primal ice is an enemy;
one elemental will sacrifice itself (as above) to defend the
dwlindling supply of this nonrenewable substance.

An ice elemental fetish must be treated in certain ways lest
the spirit melt. While the fetish may be exposed to sunlight or
heat for long periods of time, it must also be exposed to cold for
at least one day a month (a refrigerator freezer is usually good
enough). In addition, it must be allowed to soak in the rays of
the new moon (rays invisible to the eye but not to the ice
elemental); in other words, it must be left out in the open air
for one night during the new moon. Iftwo months pass without
this moon bath, the elemental will melt, leaving the fetish.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: To gain an ice elemental's favor, the Garou
must promise the spirit a safe haven from melting. These
spirits are extremely conservative, being the last of their
kind, and their primary concern is survival. Binding one
into a fetish will preserve it, although the taboos concern-
ing the fetish (listed above) must be honored.

Windtooth

Rage 8, Willpower 6, Gnosis 4, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Cut, Freeze

Image: Windtooth cannot be seen, only felt. When he
bites, the force of his jaws can knock people over, and his
breath can freeze limbs into ice. He is the wind itself, but
he is an angry wind.

History: Windtooth was born when Wendigo sneezed,
blowing three of his teeth out and away across the tundra.
These teeth gathered together and became Windtooth, a
spirit of frostbite who wanders before Wendigo, tasting all
it finds. If the prey is sweet, it runs back to Wendigo and
tells him where the delicious food is to be found. Woe be
it to those who are tasty to Windtooth. Luckily, Windtooth
does not like wolves, which includes Garou.

Whenever someone gets frostbite, the Wendigo Garou
say that she has been tasted by Windtooth. For this reason,
the Wendigo protect their favorite Kinfolk with certain
rituals before they go out into the blowing wind. These rituals
are designed to make the Kinfolk taste bad to Windtooth, so
that the spirit will not summon the Wendigo. This can
include such extreme measures as rubbing garlic all over the
Kinfolk, along with other foul-smelling herbs. If the Kinfolk
is going out hunting, she cannot accept such protections, for
the smell will drive away game. A protected Kinfolk may still
get frostbite, but the Garou rest assured that, while Windtooth
may have bitten them, it did not like the taste.

Habitat: Windtooth lives in winter storms. Where
there is no wind, there is no Windtooth.

Spiritual Correspondences: Frostbite, wind

Material Correspondences: Windtooth can only be
summoned in a winter storm, and it will always taste
those who summon it (giving them frostbite). The


112

summoner should thus prepare by rubbing himself with
bitter or smelly herbs. Once summoned, it is easy to turn
Windtooth against a desired foe simply by suggesting the foe
would be a tasty morsel for the Great Cannibal. Off
Windtooth will rush to taste the chosen target; if he is
indeed tasty (see Taboos, below), Windtooth will summon
Great Wendigo to devour the chosen one. This does not
always bring Wendigo, however; if he is busy with another
meal, he will ignore the pesty wind spirit. Windtooth will
forget the target and rush off seeking another choice.

Gift Lore: Cutting Wind and Invoke the Spirits of the Storm

Taboos: Windtooth only likes meals which Great
Wendigo would like to feast upon, which includes Wyrm
creatures, cannibals, murderers and people consumed with
hate or anger. Those who live alone are also tasty.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: Windtooth demands nothing in return
for his aid except that he will taste anything he sees.
His bite causes frostbite(one Health Level of aggra-
vated damage).

Mosquito-spirits

Rage 8, Willpower 5, Gnosis 5, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Blood Sucking*, Sap Will

Image: Mosquito Gafflings and Jagglings appear as
normal mosquitoes, except that they may have a wonder-
ful array of colors.

History: There are many arguments about how mos-
quitoes were created, usually involving some foolery or
idiocy on humanity's part. These bloodsuckers are uni-
versally despised, but those who live near them know it
is best to remain on good terms with them, to give them
a little blood lest they take a lot. Wendigo Theurges
know that giving a small sacrifice of blood to a spirit
mosquito will usually prevent real mosquitoes from
overly bothering the generous Garou (a sort of spirit
version of bug repellent). This works on both arctic and
jungle versions of the spirit pests.

When Wendigo walks upon the land, his footprints
sometimes melt the ice and snow. In these places, days
later, mosquito eggs hatch, giving birth to annoying
swarms. If Wendigo's anger was particularly high, the
heat of it will still infect the mosquitoes, and the tradi-
tional blood sacrifice may not be enough to assuage to
their bloodlust. Sometimes, these Wendigo-born mos-
quitoes can grow quite huge and are capable of drinking
a prodigious amount of blood.

While they are not picky eaters, they will not eat
tainted blood (blood with too many industrial toxins or
chemicals, radiated blood, etc.). They prefer vampire
blood or that sucked from human cannibals, always
choosing these over other victims. They have a duty to
devour Wendigo's enemies, although they are not good
at discerning who is friend or foe. They must be talked
into choosing a Wyrm-creature meal over any other

Axis Mundi


meal, but once they realize a Wyrm-creature is near, they
will search for its blood first.

One thing which will distract them is good gossip. They
tend to gather this from whomever they drink, but when
particular juicy secrets are offered, they can be persuaded to
take them instead of blood. They love to talk, and getting
one of them started on a tale can distract it for hours.

Habitat: Mainly in marshy regions or jungles, although
they can exist anywhere. Those mosquitoes of Wendigo's
brood (desribed here) only appear in the north, usually
after a thaw or following behind Wendigo's train.

Spiritual Correspondences: Blood, disease, gossip.

Material Correspondences: Anyone summoning a
Mosquito-spirit must have a source of blood near for them
to drink from once they arrive. It must be a living source.
If none is available, the mosquitoes will drink from the
summoner (causing one Health Level of aggravated dam-
age). It helps to be in a marshy or stagnant location.

Mosquitoes prefer to be bound into fetishes involv-
ing communication or travel, such as books, tape players,
airplanes, etc. They find it hard to shut up even when
bound, and any mosquito fetish will emit a faint buzzing
sound when activated.

Gift Lore: Mosquitoes can teach Gifts involving
insect control, such as Infest (Bone Gnawer, level

four). Due to their familiarity with the diseases they
carry, they can teach Gifts of inoculation (Resist Toxin,
Fianna level one). Likewise, they can teach Venom
Blood (Get of Fenris, level three). Their affinity and
desire for blood allows them to teach Open Wounds
(Shadow Lords, level four).

Taboos: As mentioned above, mosquitoes avoid
tainted blood (except Wyrm creatures, whom it is their
duty to eat). Being shut-mouthed with them about
gossip is a bad idea; they may swarm on the offender.

Attitude: Depending on how they are approached,
they can be friendly, neutral or hostile.

Chiminage: The supplicant must offer some gossip.
The juicier and more current the gossip, the better. One
Garou, trying to get a message to her friends, told it in
the form of gossip to a Mosquito-spirit. Within hours,
the story had travelled across the spirit world, and the
Garou's friends, listening in on Mosquito-spirits shoot-
ing the breeze, heard the message. (One must understand
Spirit Speech to make sense of the buzzing.)

Some mosquitoes will demand an offer of blood. If
given, they will take enough to assuage their hunger
but not enough to harm the Garou. If the Garou is
uncooperative, they may take some anyway and leave
a disease behind.

Chapter Three: Lords of the Quarters

f PO EP ET eT ontntmiemy 7 /,

113


Plant Spirits

Then cometh spring, which all the land doth nourish;

The fields are beginning to be decked with green.

The trees put forth their buds and the blossoms they do
flourish,

And the tender blades of corn on the earth are to be seen.

— Traditional English ballad

The spirits of plants, including trees, still maintain close
connections to their counterparts in the material world.
Usually, a Rite of Awakening performed on a physical plant
will awaken the spirit of that plant, enabling Garou to

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

Vf APE Es Ps ET DT nie //,

Blow, winds, and crack ‘your cheeks! rage! blow!

You cataracts and hurricanoes, spout

Till you have drench'd our steeples, drown'd the cocks!
— William Shakespeare, King Lear

interact with it. In other words, finding the plant and finding
the plant's spirit are one and the same. Not all plants,
however, have a resident spirit due to the excessive strength
of the Gauntlet in many areas of the modern world.

In general, plant spirits are slow to ally themselves with
Garou since these sedentary spirits find the high Rage of Gaia's
hunters and warriors to be unsettling. For this reason, plant
spirits rarely act as totem spirits for Garou, although they will
occasionally agree to teach Gifts and will sometimes allow
themselves to be bound into fetishes.

15


Plant spirits always Slumber in winter, and must be roused
with a Rite of Awakening in order to contact them during that
season. All plant spirits Awaken for the first day of spring to
celebrate the flowering of their children in the material world.

Oak

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9, Power 20-80 (depending
on age and other variables)

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Forest Sense

Image: An Oak-spirit usually appears as an idealized
version of its material form. Sometimes a face can be dimly
seen outlined in its bark. Oak's broad branches and full
crest of leaves sway slightly as it speaks.

History: Like its brother and sister tree spirits, Oak serves
the Incarna known to various cultures as the Cosmic Tree,
the Tree of Life, the World Tree, the Tree of Knowledge, the
Singing Tree or the Great Wisdom Tree. To the Brehon
Celts, the oak was one of the seven Chieftain Trees, known
for its magnificence, its awe-inspiring stature and the meati-
ness of its fruit — the acorn. The Greeks assigned the oak tree
to Zeus, while the Romans saw it as symbolic of Jupiter. The
Oak of Dodona had oracular properties. During the days
when the world was young, Oak and Stag formed an alliance
with each other and with the Fianna Garou who held the
guardianship of the Celtic lands.

After the rise of the Gauntlet, the lore of trees and
religions which honored their spirits faded into obscurity or
withered in the face of systematic persecution. Many Oak-
spirits were lost with the destruction of forests to make room
for the world's expanding population, but others managed to
maintain contact with their physical embodiments.

The resurgence of neopagan religions and the revival of
interest in folklore and herbal wisdom has made it possible
for some Oak-spirits to return to their neglected earthly
children. Like most tree spirits, oaks take the long view of
things (though not so long as rock spirits). The rise and fall
of their sap, the recurring cycle of leaf and flower and fruit,
the long alternations between Slumber and Awakening
serve as reminders to them that the barrier between the
world of matter and spirit may one day diminish, signaling
the beginning of a new cycle of union between the worlds.

Habitat: Species of oak are found throughout the world,
from the Golden Oak of Cyprus and the Algerian Oak to the
Hungarian Oak and the Laurel Oak of the southeastern
United States. Many oak forests correspond to Umbral Glades
and serve as homes for Oak-spirits. These spirits can also be
found in sites once associated with druid or tree-based reli-
gions so long as those areas have not been tainted by
Wyrm-corruption or taken over by the cities of the Weaver.

Spiritual Correspondences: Strength

Material Correspondences: Because an Oak-spirit does not
stray from its chosen site, it does not have to be "summoned." If
thespirit isawake, it will beaware of the presence of visitors. Garou
wishing to get Oak's attention, however, must make an offering

116

to the spirit. A few drops of blood (the "sap" of the body) or
pure water (the "sap" of the earth) sprinkled at the roots of the
tree spirit will serve as a greeting to which the Oak-spirit will
usually respond. A small piece of oak bark coated with the
Garou's blood is required for those rare occasions when an Oak-
spirit will agree to enter a fetish. Most typically, Oak-spirits will
accept an acom as a fetish object.

Gift Lore: Oak-spirits can teach Gifts relating to forests or air.

Taboos: Oak-spirits may not refuse a favor from an ally
of a squirrel or bird spirit. Doing so will force the spirit into
Slumber. To awaken an Oak-spirit who has broken its
taboo, a Garou must perform a Rite of Atonement as well
as a Rite of Awakening on the spirit's behalf.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: In return for teaching Gifts, an Oak-spirit will
sometimes require a Garou to plant some acorns from its
physical manifestation in a spot sacred to Gaia, such as. a caern
or faerie glen. Occasionally, an Oak-spirit may agree to enter a
fetish, provided that the Garou performs some exceptional
service for it, such as preventing the destruction of a particular
oak forest or locating the last descendant ofa line of druid priests.
Such a quest, ifsuccessful, will gain Renown (Honor 3, Wisdom
3, Glory 2) for the Garou. A Garou who binds an Oak-spirit
must agree to always assist efforts to preserve oak forests.

Because of their Rage, Garou must be cautious when ap-
proaching an Oak-spirit. Oak-spirits will refuse to communicate
in any way with a Garou whose Rage exceeds 4. This is a higher
level of tolerance for Rage than most plant spirits have, but Oak-
spirits remember the fierce warrior tribes who honored them in
legendary times. In addition, Oak-spirits remember their ancient
alliance with Stag, and will sometimes extend their patronage to
Fianna regardless of their Rage. A Garou carrying a fetish in which
an Oak-spirit is bound must keep her Rage below 4 or else the
fetish will not work for her until she loses the extra Rage. If her
Rage is not brought within acceptable limits within seven days,
the Oak-spirit will be freed from the fetish. Oak-spirits will never
break an alliance with a Fianna Garou or one whose personal
totem is Stag. Instead, they will warn those Garou when their
Rage exceeds a tolerable level.

Ginseng

Rage 2, Gnosis 9, Willpower 7, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Healing, Ma-
terialize (Power Cost 10; Str 1, Dex 3, Sta 2, Dodge 3, 7
Health Levels)

Image: A Ginseng-spirit resembles a mature version of its
earthly plant, standing 8-24 feet tall. It has a straight stem
with three large compound leaves, each of which has five
serrated leaflets. In early summer, it bears a crown of tiny
white flowers, which produce bright red berries later in the
season. Ginseng's fleshy root is vaguely human shaped, with
forks that look like arms and legs emerging from its main
section. When a Ginseng-spirit materializes, as it occasion-
ally does in order to converse with creatures in the material
world, it takes on the form of a light brown homunculus.

Axis Mundi

0 APOE LE Ps ET PE TR en iieney 7 /_


ee OA

History: Legends say that in the earliest days of the
world, when plants first blossomed forth on Gaia's sur-
face, they were not fixed to one spot, but roamed freely
across the earth until they found the right combination
of soil and water for their roots. Once settled, however,
they remained in those places, gradually forgetting that
they ever possessed the urge to wander. Ginseng, how-
ever, never forgot. When humans appeared on the earth,
Ginseng-spirits saw their form and took it for its own.
Occasionally, a Ginseng-spirit would uproot itself and
walk around for short periods of time on its pulpy legs,
always returning to its place in the earth. Sometimes, on
these brief forays, they would encounter medicine men
or wise women of the early human tribes. From these
meetings resulted the custom in many cultures of ad-
dressing ginseng spirits by names that referred to its
humanlike form. To the Chinese, ginseng was jen-shen
(manlike), while the Cherokee addressed ginseng as
Yunwi Usdi (Little Man). After the rise of the Gauntlet,
most plant spirits found that humans could no longer
hear them when they spoke. Ginseng-spirits, however,
still retained the ability to communicate with certain
sensitive humans and other Awakened creatures, possi-
bly due to its love for the adaptable shape of the human
species. For thousands of years, Chinese healers believed
that ginseng was a general curative and restorative agent,
a belief shared by Native American tribal healers as well.

When Europeans arrived in the Pure Land, the na-
tive peoples shared with them much of their knowledge
of herbal medicine, including the healing properties of
ginseng. Trust in ginseng's medicinal powers has per-
sisted despite modern science's attempt to denaturalize
medicine and discredit herbal healing, so much so that
traffic in ginseng has greatly depleted the species.
Today, many American states protect ginseng, labeling
it an endangered plant. Ginseng-spirits are less com-
mon than they once were, but they are still relatively
easy to find by searchers who know where to look. Most
finders of wild growths of ginseng usually guard their
secret closely.

Habitat: Ginseng grows best in the shade of cool
hardwood forests, once flourishing in large parts of Canada,
Asia and the southeastern United States. Wild patches of
ginseng are often the locations for Umbral Glades and are
homes for Ginseng-spirits.

Spiritual Correspondences: Health, Regeneration

Material Correspondences: A Garou wishing to sum-
mon a Ginseng-spirit must carry a bag with healing
herbs, signifying that she is worthy to speak with the
spirit. Ginseng-spirits will only enter fetish objects dedi-
cated to healing, such as medicine rattles or pouches.
Some daring spirits will deign to be bound into pill
bottles or medicinal vials.

Gift Lore: Ginseng can teach Gifts involving healing
and spiritual or mental refreshment.

Ag >) Ca 2


t.

Taboos: A Ginseng-spirit cannot witness injury to liv-
ing creatures in its Umbral habitat without attempting to
heal them. (Banes and Wyrm-tainted beings are excepted
from this ban.) Failure to at least try to assist such persons
or creatures will drive the spirit into Slumber. Awakening
a Slumbering Ginseng-spirit requires a Rite of Atonement
as well as a point of Gnosis.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: In return for learning its Gifts, Ginseng-spirits
usually require Garou to arrange for the cultivation of a new
patch of ginseng plants, either in a caern or in some secluded
area. Ginseng does not often require Garou to undertake quests,
but sometimes it will insist that it be taken along on a quest as
a prerequisite to entering a fetish object. Garou who carry a
fetish containing a Ginseng-spirit will often find themselves
captive listeners to this communicative creature. Ginseng-
spirits cannot tolerate Garou with a Rage greater than 3 and will
insist that a Garou bearing a ginseng fetish immediately expend
any Rage that exceeds that level.

To properly approach a Ginseng-spirit, a Garou must
first locate a wild patch of ginseng. She must ignore the first
three plants, stopping only when she reaches the fourth
one. That plant will contain a Ginseng-spirit. The Garou
must address the plant respectfully as "Little Man" (or by
some other honorific referring to its humanlike form) and
hold out her collection of healing herbs for the spirit's
inspection. If the Garou meets with the spirit's approval, it
will materialize and speak with its petitioner.

Corn

Rage 2, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Field Sense*, Heal-
ing, Materialize (Power Cost 10; Ser 2, Dex 3, Sta 2, Brawl
1, Dodge 3, 7 Health Levels)

Image: A Corn-spirit appears as a perfect cornstalk, with
multiple ears and silky tassels. She undergoes a transforma-
tion from planting season to harvest as firm green husks
gradually unfold to reveal the succulent yellow or multicol-
ored kernels within. Occasionally, a Corn-spirit will assume
the form of a female human, either a comely young maiden,
amature woman whose body swells with child or a wizened
crone.

History: Corn-spirits are the children of Gaia's bounty
and the proof of her desire to provide sustenance for her
children. In legendary times, corn-spirits moved freely
among the early peoples of the world, teaching them the
secrets of agriculture. Gaia herself sometimes took the form
of a great Corn-spirit, and in this form humans knew and
worshipped her as Corn Woman, Ceres, Demeter, Agawe'la
(the Old Woman) and other goddesses of the harvest. The
rise of the Gauntlet ended the ability of Corn-spirits to
communicate with humans. With the rise of modern agri-
cultural methods that demystified the growing of food,
planting and harvesting were reduced to a series of chores
that were no longer infused with ritual meaning.

riley //,


Despite the preponderance of vast fields of corn in the
American Midwest and in other grain-producing countries,
Corn-spirits are relatively uncommon. Agriplexes maintained
by the farming industry do not provide suitable environments
for corn spirits. Only on small farms and in places where corn
grows wild can these fragile spirits still be found.

Habitat: Corn-spirits inhabit Glades which correspond
to earthly fields of hand-tended or free-growing corn.

Spiritual Correspondences: Abundance

Material Correspondences: A Garou wishing to summon
a Corn-spirit should carry on her person an ear of ripe corn, a
bow! of fresh milk and a handful of fertile soil as offerings to the
spirit. Binding a Corn-spirit requires a paste made of corn
meal, salt and fresh water. Appropriate fetish objects for
binding Corn-spirits include corncob pipes, handmade bowls
for grinding corn or jewelry made from corn kernels.

Gift Lore: Corn-spirits can teach Gifts having to do
with food, natural cycles and the weather.

Taboos: A Corn-spirit must always offer food to her visitors.
If this offer is refused, the spirit will be driven into Slumber
regardless of the season. To awaken a Slumbering Corn-spirit, a
Garou must consume a small portion of corn meal, cornbread or
other food containing corn over the sleeping spirit, thanking the
spirit for the food as if it had been accepted from the spirit's hand.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: Corn-spirits will teach Gifts toa Garou in return
for a service, such as locating a suitable place for planting com
and seeding that place with seeds from the spirit's habitat.
Occasionally a Corn-spirit will agree to enter a fetish if the
Garou seeking to bind it promises to protect small growers of
com or prevent its home from being taken over by agri-business.
To approach a Corn-spirit, a Garou must stand in the middle of
afield of corm and address the Corn-spirit three times, calling her
by one or more of her ancient names. Corn-spirits cannot
tolerate Garou whose current Rage exceeds 3, and will break any
alliance with a Garou who allows her Rage to remain at 4 or
higher for more than 24 hours.

Psychedelic Plant Cotems

Certain plants are home to powerful enigmatic spirits
capable of revealing visions of intense beauty or sheer terror to
those who partake of their plants. These psychedelic spirits are
strange to the Garou; they do not fit into easy classifications
or broods. They seem to be connected to dreams and Gnosis,
but also to the earth and the stars. Indeed, the farthest reaches
and depths of the mind are their purview. Thus, they can
hestow great wisdom or damaging neuroses.

To gain converse with these spirits, the Garou must
partake of their plants. Some plants are smoked (tobacco),
while others are ingested — either chewed or swallowed as
a tea (peyote, ayahuasca and mushrooms). In the wrong
dose, some can be poisonous; one does not foolishly walk
into the realm of the plant spirits without prior knowledge.
To do otherwise is to risk their wrath.

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

lf PSP. Ps ET PE YO DE ET OT,

pe A Me

.

The process of communing with these spirits is a
sacramental one. The Garou must come to the plant
spirit as a supplicant, and ina sacred manner. A Rite of
Awakening should be performed on the plant before it
is taken in; if not, there is no guarantee the spiric will
answer, and the Garou may simply suffer empty and
meaningless hallucinations. If the Garou is too cavalier
about this drug use, the spirit may not look well upon
her, and a "bad trip" can result. These "had trips" can
also result from the impurity of the user, or from the
repression of some deep trauma; this may just be the
spirit's way of forcing the Garou to deal with such
issues.

Bad trips can cause all sorts of nasty things for a
Garou. Tripping Garou are quite prone to frenzy (add
one to all frenzy difficulties; two if the trip isa bad one).
During a trip, things seen may not be real, or they may
be all too real, denizens of the spirit world summoned
before the Garou. Sometimes, these "figments" may be
Wyrm creatures come to take advantage of the Garou;
if the Garou is not on good terms with the plant spirit,
the spirit may not defend him. However, if the Garou
approached the communion properly, the spirit will
defend the tripping Garou from all harm — even real
spirit threats cannot hurt him. (However, while Father
Peyote may protect a Garou from a Nexus Crawler, he
will not appreciate the Garou using peyote only as a
defense.)

Below are two of the most powerful plant spirits, Father
Peyote and Ayahuasca.

Father Peyote (Plant Totem)

Background cost: 7 (4 for Nunnehi changelings)

Traits: Followers of Father Peyote each gain two extra
Gnosis points (Glamour for changelings) per story, regard-
less of their permanent ratings. In addition, they may add
one to their Rituals and Enigmas.

Ban: Peyoteists must commune with peyote (take peyote
in asacramental manner) at least once per season, and they
must uphold their cultural values.

Image: Father Peyote appears in many forms, often one
culturally relevant to the peyote ingestor. To Garou, he
often appears as a Nuwisha wearing a tall hat.

History: Revered by many Native Americans, peyote
is a powerful sacramental drug, not a recreational toy.
Peyote can show the way to a noble and fulfilling life.
The Wendigo and Uktena Garou have a special rela-
tionship with peyote, known to them as the spirit Father
Peyote.

Peyote is a cactus; the "buttons" of the cactus are the
psychedelic part, eaten like a radish by peyoteists. The
name comes from the Aztec "peyotl" (its Latin name is
lophophora williamsii lemaire). Peyote is never smoked, al-
though it can be ground into a powder for tea and served to
those who can't chew the buttons.

119


Ingesting a button causes hallucinations (or real spirit
world experiences for those who know how to interact with
the other side, such as Garou). It can cause nausea, so the
peyoteist should fast for 24 hours before cating it.

As the drug takes effect, euphoria sets in. As the night
goes on (Father Peyote prefers to work at night), good
feelings intensify. Colors become vivid and sounds pleas-
ing. Prayers can gain intense meaning and moral quality.
When the euphoria reaches its peak, inner peace and
withdrawal from the world set in, and supernatural visions
are experienced. To some, Father Peyote himself may
appear in any of his numerous guises (a wise but spry old
werecoyote is most common for Garou). However, it is at
this time that monsters may appear. If the peyoteist has
done wrong to them or the people they represent, Father
Peyote will not defend him.

Peyote should not be confused with mescal (sophora
secundifora, wild or mountain laurel), whose blossoms are
poisonous (aerosol and ingestion). However, mescal is said
to "point the way to peyote," for it often grows near the
peyote cactus.

Father Peyote is said to be a very old spirit, but no one
now knows all the tales of his history. The Uktena say he
first showed himself to them when they migrated south
from their trek across the land bridge millennia ago. He
gifted them with intimate knowledge of the desert regions
in which his cacti grew. They passed such knowledge on to
their Kinfolk, along with the peyote way, the rules for
communing with Father Peyote.

The Dreamspeakers claim Father Peyote tells different
secrets to his many children, and that Garou, humans and
mages are all given special lore of their own. It is thus useless
to argue any doctrine gained from Father Peyote, for he
gives each person different insights.

There are some, however, who whisper that Father Peyote
has been touched by the Wyrm, and this is the reason for bad
trips. They warn that use of peyote could deliver the poor
seeker into the lair of the Wyrm if Father Peyote is weak that
night. Experienced Theurges scoff at this idea, claiming that
Father Peyote has never led anyone wrong who came to him
ina sacred and pure manner. If anyone has fallen off the path,
they say, it is because of his own will or failing.

Habitat: Father Peyote is anywhere his plants are; he is
-with those who partake of his gift.

Spiritual Correspondences: Gnosis, enigmas

Material Correspondences: The buttons of the peyote
cactus. Father Peyote can only be contacted by those under
the influence of the psychedelic plant. Additional aids
(helpful, but not necessary) include drums and rattles to
call spirit friends during the peyote experience.

Gift Lore: The spirits Father Peyote sends to his chil-
dren on their peyote journeys can teach Gifts that provide
secret knowledge, such as prophecy or clairvoyance. Ex-
amples are Sight from Beyond (Theurge, level two) and
Wisdom of the Ancient Ways (Philodox, level three).

Taboos: Those who seek to commune with Father Peyote
should be pure in mind and body. Impurities may attract evil
spirits, even Banes. Impurities can be thoughts of anger or
hate, but they can also be toxins in the body (beer, modern
food additives, etc.). To cleanse oneself before meeting
Father Peyote, a peyoteist can take a sweat bath. Also,
tobacco and sage help cleanse oneself and the elements
around.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: Father Peyote asks only that his seekers
walk on the Earth in a sacred manner. Failure to do so
might bring bad trips.

Ayahuasca

Background cost: 8 (4 for Nunnehi)

Traits: Children of Ayahuasca (Ayahuasceros) gain
three points of Gnosis per story. They also learn Sur-
vival 2 and Occult 3 (they may thus possess more than
five dots in Occult).

Ban: An Ayahuascero's Gnosis becomes "delicate."
A botch on a Gnosis roll will cause a loss of one
permanent Gnosis point. The Ayahuascero is said to
have "lost knowledge" and must work to gain it back.

Image: Ayahuasca is often perceived as a giant snake,
usually an anaconda, but some see a female werejaguar
in Crinos form (called the Jaguar Mother, initiator of
shamans). Multiple snakes encountered during an
ayahuasca vision may also be Ayahausca him/herself.

History: Ayahuasca is also known as Jagé or Jajé. He
resides in ("owns") a hallucinogenic shaman's brew
made in South America. Chief ingredients of this brew
are the vine of banisteriopsis caapi, chacruna leaves and
other tree barks (depending on the medicinal proper-
ties desired). The bark is scraped from these ingredients
and boiled for hours, eventually producing ayahuasca.

The word comes from the Quechua Indians. It is also
known as the "vine of the soul," the "vine of the dead"
or the "vine of little death," for the visionary, mystical
"death" a shaman undergoes when being initiated by
the drug.

After preparation, the ayahuascero blows tobacco
into the bottle the brew has been poured into. This
cleanses it of bad spirits, purifying the brew for those
who will ingest it. Following ingestion, the foul-tasting
brew causes violent vomiting. Once this has passed, the
visions begin. Ayahuasca can take the user out of his or
her body and travel anywhere in the world with her to
look upon (but not interact with) people or places she
wishes to see. Sometimes, this out of body experience is
done with the aid of real animals, as the ayahuascero
shares the body — and thus the senses — of an animal
journeying to the desired area, such as a bird or snake.

Ayahuasca also befriends its users to the jungle, match-
ing their rhythms to it. Afterward, travel through the
jungle is much easier in little ways: Roots do not seem to

120 Axis Mundi

UPD Ps ET ET SR en ys


ee

trip, leaves do not need to be hacked aside, and, most
importantly, insects do not become a bother. Insects
refuse to bite a Garou in the throes of ayahuasca. For
these reasons, ayahuasca has become a popular drug
among Garou Theurges in the Amazon War.

Little is known to the Garou about the spirit itself. The
native Uktena in the Amazon know much they do not
tell, saying that Ayahuasca will only reveal as much of
himself to his children as he desires. If someone wants to
know more, they must ask Ayahuasca, which means
taking the drug.

What is known is that the drug is intimately tied to
the ecology and mystical power of the jungle. It is
thought by some to be the personified manifestation of
the jungle itself, a union of all low-level spirit con-
sciousness of the Umbrascape. This would explain the
non-local knowledge and travel ability of those who
experience the drug.

The werejaguars are said to know the most about
Ayahuasca, but since they are on bad terms with the
Garou, they do not reveal what they know. Many
Garou war leaders in the Amazon have forbidden use of
ayahuasca by their troops, fearing that the drug is
aligned in some way with the Balam and that they can
use it to wreak some form of spiritual revenge on the
Garou, perhaps by leading Garou ayahuasceros astray
in the deep jungle. There has been no basis for these
fears, however.

Habitat: Steamy jungles are preferred, but Ayahuasca
is anywhere his children are when they take the heady
shaman's brew.

Spiritual Correspondences: Occult, Gnosis, survival
(jungle) and jungle lore.

Material Correspondences: The ayahuasca brew, made
up of many different jungle vine barks. In addition,
tobacco must be used to purify the brew before ingesting;
otherwise, Ayahuasca may not be able to protect the
ayahuascero from all the bad spirits.

Gift Lore: When on an ayahuasca journey, ayahuasceros
will encounter spirits sent by Ayahuasca to perceive the
occult world and many secrets of magic. Examples are Sense
Magic (Uktena, level one), Preternatural Awareness (Star-
gazer, level four) and Dreamspeak (Galliard, level two).

Taboos: It is not wise to treat snakes or jaguars badly
while on an ayahuasca journey. These animals are consid-
ered allies on the path, and they may abandon those who
harm or try to harm them.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: Ayahuasca asks nothing in return for his
visionary gift. However, after taking ayahuasca multiple
times, the ayahuascero will feel a natural inclination to
defend the jungle against harm and will not actively at-
tempt to harm it. Cutting down vines or gathering necessary
materials does not constitute harm, although building a
dam or hydroelectric plant does.

Ag an a Pe


cee I IgG GANTT DP CTE OA IE

Rock (Mineral) Spirits

Rock remembers every color, animal, light & dark, every
shudder unseen yet it

carries no burdens. Every knowing song from another crea-
ture-force will also

remember the shape that rock had taken in its vision, its place,
how wind

carved it or curved round it, yet the memory is no burden, it
is only a song

sung at the right time, forever to be heard. Never to be lost.

— Karoniaktatic, "Stone Song (Zen Rock) The Seer &
the Unbeliever"

Rocks are the bones of Gaia, the manifestation of her
strength and the underpinning of all that rests on her
surface. Rock gives Gaia physical form; its mountainous
projections and outcroppings are the gentle undulations
of her body. In the Dawn of the world, rock spirits
participated in the community of Gaia's children, al-
though their language, slow and dark and full of secrets,
was not always understood by any except other rock
spirits. At first, early humans saw divinity in the myste-
rious, impermeable stones and honored the gods by
crafting their images from the bones of the earth. Later,
however, rocks were perceived as abundant, becoming
useful (and easily discarded) tools and weapons in the
hands of Stone Age tribes. To counter this gross disre-
spect, rock spirits made a pact with the Glass Walkers

(then known as Warders), promising assistance in return
for continued respect. The Glass Walkers Tribebook
contains the full story of this alliance between the Garou
and the spirits of stone and rock.

The rise of the Gauntlet had a devastating effect on rock
spirits. Time seemed to move faster, overwhelming these
slow-speaking, slow-thinking spirits and driving them into
silence. Geologists came along and reduced rocks to their
chemical makeup, although they could not completely
deglamorize these oldest of Gaia's manifestations.

Today, most rock spirits exist in perpetual Slumber,
requiring special effort to awaken them from their dreams
of a past in which they once participated fully, ifsomewhat
distantly, in the joyous dance of being.

Like plant spirits, rock spirits find the high Rage of
Garou disturbing and difficult for their lethargic natures to
comprehend. Although they will sometimes teach Gifts to
Garou who meet with their approval, they will only rarely
ally themselves with the warriors of Gaia.

Basalt

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast Flame, Umbraquake

Image: Basalt-spirits appear as black or dark gray presences
that hover around the rock which serves as their earthly
anchor. Some of these spirits seem to burn with an inner fire,
areddish glow that emanates from their interior and manifests
as red, glowing eyes or fiery cracks along their forms.


History: Basalt-spirits, along with the spirits of other
igneous rocks, were Fire's gift to Gaia in the first days of the
world's Dawn. Driven by an inner heat and a fierce desire
to know what lay above the surface of the earth, Basalt
thrust itself upward to view the sky, expelling great gouts of
flame and smoke in its exultant cry of victory. Thus,
volcanoes were born, and Basalt-spirits made their homes
in these places of rock and fire. Even after people settled the
earth, basalt spirits continued to seek new ways to pierce
Gaia's outer shell. Humans living near volcanoes saw these
fiery mountains as manifestations of the divine and wor-
shipped them as gods of fire. Driven into Slumber by the rise
of the Gauntlet, Basalt-spirits still awaken on rare occa-
sions, even bringing forth new volcanic children such as
the one that created the island of Surtsey off the coast of
Iceland in 1963. These awakenings are usually short-lived,
since the Gauntlet (abetted by scientific rationalism) quickly
reasserts itself to drive these feisty spirits back into their
torpid state. Basalt-spirits are common in volcanic areas,
although spirits of long-dormant volcanoes are often very
difficult to find.

Habitat: Wherever there are volcanoes, Basalt-spirits
can usually be found in the nearby Umbra. Hawaii, Polynesia,
Iceland, and the Pacific Northwest (near Mount St. Helens)
are examples of places where Basalt-spirits make their
homes.

Spiritual Correspondences: War, fire

Material Correspondences: Basalt-spirits like to be re-
minded of the surface world, so offerings of fresh flowers or
ripe fruit are appropriate gifts for summoning them. To
bind a Basalt-spirit into a fetish, a Garou must hold a lit
torch while performing the binding ritual. Basalt-spirits
prefer fetish objects made from pieces of basalt or other
igneous rock.

Gift Lore: Basalt-spirits can teach Gifts involving fire,
stone and aggression.

Taboos: If an awakened Basalt-spirit fails to assist a fire
spirit who requests help, it will be driven into Slumber. To
awaken one of these spirits, a Garou must expend a point of
Gnosis, which will temporarily rouse the spirit long enough
for the Garou to discover why it was forced into Slumber.
The Garou must then perform a Rite of Atonement to
appease the wronged spirit. Occasionally, both the Garou
and the Basalt-spirit may be asked to perform a service for a
fire spirit to atone for the breaking of the taboo.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: In return for teaching Gifts, a Basalt-spirit
will often require a Garou to describe some recent encoun-
ter with the natural world to appease its hunger for contact
with the surface. This same desire will sometimes serve to
encourage a Basalt-spirit to allow itself to be bound into a
fetish. If it does so, the Garou binding it must agree to
undergo a "trial by fire," usually involving a visit to the site
of an active volcano. This is not as arduous as it seems, since
contacting a Basalt-spirit usually means that a Garou must

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

ELA. FS TT tier //,

journey to suchasite in the first place. Garou carrying a fetish
containing a Basalt-spirit must not go for more than 24 hours
without lighting a fire of some kind (striking a match,
lighting a candle, building a campfire, etc.).

A Basalt-spirit that has been awakened from Slumber
must be approached with respect, since these spirits re-
member the days when they were worshipped as fire deities.
Communicating with these spirits requires patience, for
even though they are relatively volatile, they still think and
speak much more slowly than most other sentient crea-
tures. Garou with Rage that exceeds 5 will have no luck
communicating with Basalt-spirits and may even provoke
these fiery spirits to a rare bout of anger.

Crystal (Quartz)

Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8, Power 45

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Crystallize*,
Healing, Open Moon Bridge, Throw Crystal*

Image: Crystal or Quartz-spirits appear as bright, pris-
matic shapes which emanate from their earthly source.
Occasionally, these shapes seem reminiscent of animals or
people, but most often they are elaborate geometric con-
structs. Crystal-spirits glow faintly when they speak, and
the variations and intensity of color are often keys to the
spirit's emotional temperament.

History: In the beginning of the world, when rocks
began to settle beneath the first blankets of vegetation and
when the waters of the ocean covered their stony beds,
certain rocks captured some of the essence of the light from
the sun, moon and stars, carrying their radiance inside
them as memories of the time when nothing stood between
rock and sky. This combination of light and earth trans-
formed the nature of the rocks into translucent, sometimes
colorful crystals. Crystal-spirits interacted with early hu-
mans, teaching them how to use their substance as paints
or dyes and how to become attuned to their inner song of
peace and healing. The cave paintings of Lascaux are
enduring examples of Crystal-spirits' gifts of knowledge
and inspiration.

Quartz-spirits, in particular, proved especially adept at
healing the human body and mind. These spirits sometimes
resided within jewelry made from quartz crystals, allowing
their wearer to share in the spirit's resonance with the
healing rhythms of Gaia. In ancient China, quartz needles
were used for acupuncture, while the aborigines of Austra-
lia and the tribes of New Guinea employed amulets made
from quartz in rainmaking ceremonies. Even after the rise
of the Gauntlet, Quartz-spirits still managed to exercise
some influence in the material world, largely due to
humankind's strong belief in their powers. Medieval schol-
ars, philosophers and alchemists disagreed as to the origin
and structure of crystals, but almost all of them attributed
some otherworldly aspect to them. Crystal balls (often
made from quartz) became the focus for scrying for shamans
and mages alike.

123


cere a IgA TPL EEL CE OR IE,

The strengthening of the Gauntlet due to the impo-
sition of scientific rationalism reduced the existence of
crystals to a curious but explainable geomorphic process,
but could not completely obliterate their spirituality.
Unlike most rock spirits, Crystal-spirits have never been
fully severed from their ability to affect — albeit indi-
rectly — the material world. The growth of modern
spirituality and the return co holistic and shamanic
forms of healing have made it casier for Crystal-spirits to
awaken and interact with Garou and other believing
creatures. Quartz-spirits are among the most common
Crystal-spirits.

Habitat: Most Quartz-spirits can be found in the Um-
bra near sites throughout the world where quartz rock is
common. Deposits of blue quartz occur throughout the
Blue Ridge Mountains of the eastern United States, while
smoky quartz is found in Scotland and citrine (or false
topaz) is found in Brazil.

Spiritual Correspondences: Healing

Material Correspondences: Quartz and other Crystal-
spirits have a natural resonance that reacts to sound, so
bells, musical instruments and the human (Garou) voice
can be used to summon them. (These spirits respond well
to certain howls.) Binding Quartz-spirits requires an ob-
ject fashioned from quartz, such as an amulet or a piece of
jewelry.

Gift Lore: Quartz-spirits can teach Gifts having to do
with dreams, healing and prophecy.

Taboos: Once a Quartz-spirit has heen exposed to natu-
ral light, it cannot be subjected to total darkness without
driving it into Slumber. To awaken a Quartz-spirit that has
been forced into Slumber, a Garou must bathe the spirit's
material embodiment in natural or magical light while
expending a point of Gnosis. Most Quartz-spirits will be
extremely grateful to Garou who awaken them from a
taboo-based Slumber.

Attitude: Friendly

Chiminage: Quartz-spirits will generally teach Gifts to
Garou in return for a promise to share the benefits con-
ferred with those who need it. Many Quartz-spirits will
willingly enter a fetish object if the Garou seeking to bind
it makes a vow to assist healers and others who use crystals
for worthy purposes. Often, Garou carrying a fetish con-
taining a Quartz-spirit will also be asked to sing to the
fetish, bathe it in light once a day or use it in daily
meditations. Sometimes a Quartz-spirit will require a
Garou to undertake a specific quest, such as freeing a
captive Quartz-spirit from a researcher's laboratory or
retrieving a potent artifact containing one of their sister
spirits from a museum or a private collector's trove. Such
a quest will gain Renown (Honor 2, Wisdom 3, Glory 2)
for che Garou as well as the friendship of the Quartz-spirit.
Because of their affinity for contemplation and medita-
tion, many Stargazers have an advantage when dealing
with the spirits of quartz crystals.

124

When approaching a Quartz-spirit, Garou should keep
in mind the spirit's sensitivity to sound. Voices should
be carefully modulated, and sudden or loud noises should
be avoided. Quartz-spirits are generally even-tempered,
but they have a low tolerance for Rage and can prove to
be deadly foes to individuals who upset them (see
Charms). Garou whose current Rage exceeds 3 should
avoid trying to contact Quartz-spirits. Carriers of fetish
objects containing Quartz-spirits must quickly expend
any Rage in excess of 3 (preferably not within the
hearing of the spirit).

Jade

Rage 2, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Purify*

Image: Jade-spirits appear as lustrous green, gray, pink or
creamy white entities which sometimes assume the forms of
carved animals or human figures.

History: While Gaia still dreamed of the lush vegeta-
tion with which she would cover herself, Jade-spirits deep
within her body caught hints of her visions. Enraptured by
these images, Jade-spirits sought to make themselves
beautiful by capturing the greens, pinks, grays and deli-
cate cream colors they saw. Early humans found jade (or
nephrite) easy to carve, yet tough enough to use as a
material for tool making. The beautiful colors found
within jade when it was polished led to its use in jewelry
and other ornaments. Jade-spirits enjoyed the fact that
their material forms were made into things of function
and beauty, and bestowed their favors on those who used
or wore jade, thus promoting the belief that jade was a
lucky rock. The Maori tribes of New Zealand carved their
luck-bearing tiki stones from jade, while the Chinese
valued jade for its ability to preserve life, even after the
death of the physical body. The ruler of the Chinese
pantheon of deities was referred to as the August Person-
age or Supreme Emperor of Jade, and wisdom keepers
attributed many virtues to the lustrous rock. The Mayans
believed that jade was a curative for kidney ailments,
while other early people used it to ease the pains of
childbirth and to cleanse impurities from the body.

After the Gauntlet rose, most jade spirits were driven
into Slumber. Their material forms, however, continued to
enjoy great popularity as ornamental stones. A few holistic
or shamanic healers still possess the ancient knowledge of
jade's spiritual qualities, although the certainty that those
powers will work has diminished in the face of the Gaunt-
let-ridden body of medical science. Jade-spirits are not rare,
though they are only found in areas where jade is common
or occasionally near significant objects made from jade
(such as ancient idols).

Habitat: Jade-spirits inhabit the Umbra near their ma-

‘ terial forms. China, Tibet, New Zealand, Australia and the
Amazon regions are centers for Jade-spirits.
Spiritual Correspondences: Beauty, luck, purification

Axis Mundi

/ anima 1


Material Correspondences: Jade-spirits must be summoned
by burning sticks of jasmine, sandalwood or some other fragrant
incense. Binding a Jade-spirit into a fetish requires a vessel of
pure water in which a lotus or water lily has been placed along
with the intended fetish object. Beautifulitems carved from jade
are the preferred fetish objects for these spirits.

Gift Lore: Jade-spirits can teach Gifts which involve
healing or purification.

Taboos: Jade-spirits cannot pass through a toxic area
(either in the Umbra or in the physical world) without
attempting to cleanse it. A spirit who ignores this stricture
will either be driven into Slumber or will suffer a run of bad
luck ( -2 dice to all its dice pools) until it (or someone else)
rectifies the problem. To awaken a Slumbering Jade-spirit or
to free it from its onus of ill luck, aGarou must perform a Rite
of Cleansing over the spirit.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: Jade-spirits will teach Gifts in return for a
promise from a Garou to rid a certain area of toxic Banes. For
greater services, such as entering a fetish object, Jade-spirits may
require Garou to fulfill a quest. Shutting down an enterprise that
is poisoning an area near a Jade-spirit's habitat, locating a set of
tiki figures that has been scattered throughout the world, or
retrievinga precious jade statue froma cult inservice toa Wyrm-
spirit are examples of quests Garou must undertake to acquire a
jade fetish. Successful endeavors will earn Renown (Honor 3,

Wisdom 2, Glory 3) for Garou.

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

/ ais nie /

Jade-spirits enjoy compliments and will respond more
favorably to Garou who take the time to extol the spirits'
beauty. Jade cannot abide the presence of a Garou whose
Rage exceeds 3 and will refuse to awaken for any Garou who
does not school her mind and temper to tranquillity. A
Garou possessing a jade fetish must take steps to expend her
excess Rage or else risk driving away the bound spirit.

Limestone

Rage 2, Gnosis 5, Willpower 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Hold, Reform

Image: Limestone-spirits appear as shadowy gray, amor-
phous shapes that constantly undergo a slow metamorphosis.
Dark patches in their forms serve as facial features.

History: Limestone-spirits once envied the fiery pas-
sions of igneous spirits and the mutability of their
metamorphic kin. Amid the songs of joy that filled the
air in the Dawn of the world, the lamentations of Lime-
stone-spirits sounded a mournfully discordant undertone.
Water-spirits took pity on them, and offered to reshape
their earthly form in return for assurance that water
would always find a home in places where limestone
settled. Thus, the oceans made their beds on shelves of
limestone and other sedimentary rocks, and deep within
the earth, great caverns of breathtaking beauty were
born to house the water that seeped through the world's
surface. All over the world, water-sculpted limestone,

125


forming the graceful stalactites and stalagmites of moun-
tain caverns as well as the magnificent stone forest of
Kunming, China. Early people sought these limestone
caverns, not only for shelter, but also for their awe-
inspiring beauty. Religions that worshipped Gaia,
Earth-Mother, as the womb of creation saw caves as
symbols of Her life-giving power. Later civilizations
discovered the excellent building properties of lime-
stone, and many of the world's ancient cities were
constructed from limestone blocks.

The rise of the Gauntlet forced Limestone-spirits into
Slumber, distancing them from material existence. Ge-
ologists and paleontologists explained away the beauty
and mystery of limestone through their descriptions of
erosion and calcification. Today, Limestone-spirits, al-
though common — particularly near large bodies of water
— linger in near-oblivion. Only in a few places — where
humans still gaze in awe at the sculpted results of the
marriage of water and rock — can these spirits still hear
the distant voices of wonder and wildness calling to them.

Habitat: Limestone-spirits occupy Umbral sites which
correspond to ocean beds, limestone caverns and other
limestone formations.

Spiritual Correspondences: Endurance, transmutation

Material Correspondences: Water that has been
steeped in a stone basin is necessary for summoning a
Limestone-spirit. Rituals for binding these spirits must be
performed while a Garou is standing in a pool of water.
Preferred fetish objects are pieces of limestone or items
catved from limestone. The most powerful Limestone-
spirits will only enter fetish objects that bear the imprints
of fossils.

Gift Lore: Limestone-spirits can teach Gifts relating to
water, change or endurance.

Taboos: Limestone-spirits must always aid spirits of
water or water creatures or else they will be forced into
Slumber. To awaken such a-spirit, a Garou must infuse a
handful of pure water with a point of Gnosis and pour the
water over the Slumbering spirit.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: Limestone-spirits will teach Gifts to Garou
who agree to help protect limestone formations in their
territory. Garou who wish to bind a Limestone-spirit into a
fetish object must accept a ban to punish anyone who
intentionally defaces limestone surfaces.

Limestone-spirits should be approached cautiously,
since their Slumber is generally so deep that they are apt
to be disturbed by attempts to Awaken them. Gifts of
water and a humble attitude go a long way toward
gaining the favor of Limestone-spirits. The lethargic and
generally placid nature of these spirits makes them intol-
erant of Garou whose Rage exceeds 4. Garou possessing
a limestone fetish must guard against letting their Rage
tise to unacceptable levels or else the fetish will not
function for them until the excess Rage is expended.

126

ce OD I ENT Ee COE OA A

Serpentine

Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Open Moon Bridge, Suggestion,
Umbraquake

Image: Serpentine-spirits appear as sinuous, snakelike
forms of greenish-brown rock. These spirits undulate as
they speak, lending a mesmerizing quality to their whis-
pery voices.

History: In the days when the physical world was one
with the Umbra, Serpentine-spirits traveled freely be-
neath Gaia's surface, sometimes colliding with one
another in their single-minded pursuit of the joy of
movement. From these collisions, mountains were born.
Fearful that these nomadic rock spirits would cause
inadvertent harm to Gaia's plans for populating the
earth with all kinds of life forms, the Incarna lapetus
decreed the formation of a great watery chasm, the
ancestor of the Atlantic Ocean, in an attempt to halt the
incessant wanderings of the Serpentine-spirits. This
action gave birth to the continents.

When humans settled near the flanks of Gaia's moun-
tains, they discovered traces of olive-green serpentine
and, mixed with it, deposits of steatite or soapstone
(talc). Although the nearby land was not particularly
conducive to lush plant growth, the soft rocks it con-
tained were ideal for carving. The Mound People, early
Inuit tribes and many other ancient cultures made bowls,
amulets and tools from these malleable stones, directed
by the guidance of serpentine spirits, who saw a new way
to gain mobility and indulge their wanderlust.

The rise of the Gauntlet trapped many Serpentine-
spirits in their mountainous prisons, driving them into
frustrated Slumber. But even dormant, these spirits
exercised a lengthy revenge as geologists found their
neat hypotheses concerning the origins of mountains
stymied by the existence of serpentine in widely dispar-
ate places. Finally, the theory of plate tectonics seemed
to present a logical solution to the problem of serpen-
tine. Serpentine-spirits awoke briefly at that time to
chuckle over the fact that disbelieving mortals had
merely acknowledged the spirits' wanderings and con-
firmed the intervention of Iapetus. Another moral
victory came when, in 1964, an archaeological excava-
tion team in L'Anse aux Meadows, Newfoundland,
discovered a piece of soapstone carved with a Viking
whorl, indicating that Norsemen had once crossed the
Atlantic and settled, if only briefly, in the American
continent. Despite the Gauntlet, Serpentine-spirits
had managed to forge a spiritual link connecting them
to their kindred spirits across the sea.

Serpentine spirits are relatively rare, tied as they are
to the mountains they helped to form. These enigmatic
spirits would like nothing better than to resume their
travels and carve new signatures across the surface of

Gaia.

Axis Mundi

) aria niin //,


Habitat: Serpentine-spirits inhabit Umbral sites near
mountains containing serpentinite rock such as the
Appalachian chain that stretches from northern Geor-
gia to Nova Scotia and its sister mountains in Ireland,
the Scottish Highlands and Scandinavia.

Spiritual Correspondences: Enigmas, spanning distances

Material Correspondences: Serpentine-spirits re-
spond to vibrations and can be summoned by drums or
dances that involve stamping or clogging. To bind a
Serpentine-spirit, a Garou must have on her persona bit

lf tale arsagnstane Segnenrine qninits nrefer ferish ob-
jects made from serpentine, although items carved from
soapstone or steatite are also acceptable.

Gift Lore: Serpentine-spirits can teach Gifts having
to do with unearthing secrets or forming connections
between persons, places or things.

Taboos: Serpentine-spirits must always answer ques-
tions in an indirect manner, using hints, riddles and
clues rather than straightforward statements of fact.
Failure to do this will result in the spirit's inability to
move from the spot where it broke its taboo. To free a
spirit trapped by its own forthrightness, a Garou must
spend a point of Gnosis and perform a Rite of Contrition
on behalf of the spirit.

Attitude: Neutral

Chiminage: Serpentine-spirits will teach Gifts
(albeit indirectly) to Garou who submit to a riddle
contest. The Garou does not have to win the contest
to win the favor of the spirit, but she does have to
make a sincere effort to solve the riddles. To entice
a Serpentine-spirit to enter a fetish object, a Garou
must promise to make at least one trip across the
ocean while carrying the fetish. Serpentine-spirits
can also open Moon Bridges between sites where
traces of serpentine rock exist.

Serpentine-spirits enjoy mysteries and riddles. A
Garou should come to one of these spirits prepared to
engage in a series of verbal jousts and guessing games.
Garou whose Rage exceeds 4 will get no response from
a Serpentine-spirit.

Moon Spirits

The spirits of Luna possess different sets of values,
motivations and perspectives from most spirits of Gaia.
For these spirits, permanence is a meaningless concept.
Like ancient followers of Heraclitus, they see reality as
ever-changing. Nothing remains constant in their world
view, and events of the past have only a tenuous connec-
tion to the present. Most members of the brood don't see
happenings in terms of causes and effects. They just
accept that things happen and don't waste energy ponder-
ing why. Members of Luna's brood rarely have tangible
forms, and even the most lucid among them suffer from
bouts of temporary insanity.


The phases of Luna affect Her brood, driving them to
rage when the moon is full and into hiding when the moon

b soft, pale light glowing.
en in n shadow, and shé

robes. She moves with a dreamlike delicacy, and most
visitors feel like they can't remember details of their meet-
ings with her.

History: Moira stepped from the mists of creation as
time began. From that point, she wove her tapestries of
creation. She is part of Luna, and as Luna shapes the tides
and seasons, so does Moira control the inner tides that
guide the actions of all living beings. Some Garou have
sought Moira for prophecies, but her answers are more
thought-provoking than direct.

Habitat: Moira lives in the tallest spire of Luna's palace.
She never leaves her moonlit tower, watching the threads
of past, present and future and weaving Luna's designs into
the tapestry of reality. Fireflies and phosphorescent plants
illuminate her darkened chambers. The interior contains
elements of architecture from all time periods, somehow
seamlessly placed together in a decorator's fantasy. She
keeps a spindle and a loom in different rooms.

Spiritual Correspondences: Moira is the spirit of fate
and destiny. She watches the passage of time and events,
and when she sees fit, adds her own threads to the tapestry
of time. Spiritualists may represent her with three images,
one for the past, the present and the future.

Material Correspondences: The spindle, a triad of
women, spiderwebs, stone calendars

Gift Lore: Moira teaches sensing and lunar Gifts.

Taboos: Moira never directly answers questions about
the future or the past. She may not leave her tower.

Attitude: Moira always seems detached and neutral to
those who seek her. She never raises her voice or speaks
excitedly. No efforts to impress or flatter her have succeeded.

Chiminage: Long ceremonies demonstrating the chang-
ing seasons and the cycles of nature have the greatest success
in drawing Moira's attention. True stories about precious
memories sometimes please her, and she reacts most kindly
to the innocent and naive, hinting far more about the truth
to those who seem least likely to discover it.

128

cee DD OTT a CE OA

Jagglings

Blood Warrior

Rage 10, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10, Power 60

Charms: Armor, Materialize, Reform, Tracking

Image: The Blood Warrior is a muscular woman drenched
incrimson gore with homicidal madness shining brightly in
her black eyes. She has disheveled dark hair, long sharp
black nails and a deep-red aura which surrounds her. The
Blood Warrior uses any weapons which she finds available.
She doesn't speak except to laugh maniacally or scream
with rage.

History: Luna's Rage and madness created the Blood
Warrior. During a lunar eclipse, the Blood Warrior
stalks the earth, slaying Luna's enemies and anything
else she encounters. A host of blood-red Lunes attend
her. The Uktena say that the Blood Warrior haunted
one of their ancient heroes, always appearing to battle
him during lunar eclipses after a chance encounter
proved inconclusive. Finally, after age had weakened
him, the Blood Warrior ultimately triumphed and stole
his body into the crimson moonlight, weeping tears of
joy and agony. The Uktena believe the ancient one will
return to fight in Luna's armies during the Final Days.

Habitat: The Blood Warrior lives in caves beneath
Luna's palace until a lunar eclipse occurs. Her continual
howls of rage and shrieks of insanity echo in the courts, only
interrupted by occasional sounds of visceral fighting. Bones
and flayed bodies lie in the caverns.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Blood Warrior repre-
sents the darkest aspects of Luna. She is the Moon as
destroyer, raiser of floods and harbinger of the Apocalypse.

Material Correspondences: The Blood Warrior always
responds to summons during the funar eclipse. Blood and
violent ritual combat may also draw her attention.

Gift Lore: The Blood Warrior teaches Gifts of violence;
however, she grants understanding with a single crazed
glance and example rather than merely over time.

Taboos: The Blood Warrior never attacks females or
children of any species, unless they first attack her.

Attitude: Blood Warrior kills first...
bothers ask stions.

Chiminage: lood Warrior reacts well to sacrifices of
Luna's and Gaia' emies, such as Black Spiral Dancers or
fomori. She &

Great Gres :
Rage 4, Gnosi

and never

Image: The Great Green CheesStapiric appears asa large
chunky humanoid composed of hole-marked green cheese
and surrounded by a halo of moonlight.

Axis Mundi

Y ais inion //,


ty

a hd

History: Shortly after the first myths about the moon
being made of green cheese began, the Great Green
Cheese-spirit appeared. He is not a serious spirit, and he
enjoys tricking adversaries. He survives off the few tall
tales still told about the green cheese moon. Bone Gnaw-
ers revere him.

Habitat: The Great Green Cheese-spirit dwells ina realm
in the Umbra where the moon really is made of green cheese.
There he tries to scare off hungry Mouse-spirits.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Great Green Cheese
Spirit represents two things: First, he is the aspect of Luna's
sense of humor; second, he provides food and comfort for
the downtrodden.

Material Correspondences: Moldy green cheese, tall
tales and late night philosophizing.

Gift Lore: The Great Green Cheese-spirit teaches ur-
ban survival Gifts.

Taboos: The Great Green Cheese-spirit fears Mouse-spirits.

Attitude: The Great Green Cheese-spirit tends to lum-
ber around and make strange noises. He laughs a great deal
and tries to befriend Garou.

Chiminage: The only individuals who manage to draw
the ire of the Great Green Cheese-spirit are those who take
life and the universe tov seriously. He has little patience for
Glass Walkers and Shadow Lords. When the Great Green

Cheese-spirit becomes upset, he retires to his realm.

The Harvester

Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Willpower 8, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Forest Lore, Healing, Materialize,
Open Moon Bridge

Image: The Harvester is a weathered, leather-skinned
old man dressed in orange and brown overalls holding a
large scythe. His yellow eyes glow with soft moonlight. He
resembles a traditional scarecrow.

History: The Harvester appears during the end of the
Harvest season to inspire farmers in clearing out the
remainder of their fields. He aids animals in securing
stores of foodstuffs for the winter. In tales, the Harvester
defends peasants attacked in the fields by enemies of
their lord. The Harvester only manifests on earth under
an orange moon unless Luna makes a special request of
him. He carves crop circles so that Luna can give mes-
sages to Garou on Earth.

Habitat: The Harvester spends his time away from Earth
slumbering in a half-lit corner of Luna's court.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Harvester represents
the Harvest Moon and the preparations for winter all living
creatures endure. He is the aspect of Luna which makes
certain that Gaia's children will survive the winters.

Material Correspondences: Harvester spiders, dry wheat
and corn husks

Gift Lore: The Harvester teaches survival, intimidation
and lunar Gifts.

Ag a) ea ee


Taboos: The Harvester may not stand fire of any sort. He
takes double damage from fire, and will go into Slumber if
the flames grow too fierce.

Attitude: The Harvester is gruff and direct. He's neutral
to Garou whom he encounters, but will give aid if properly
approached. The Harvester bears no love for Gaia's en-
emies.

Chiminage: Garou should aid the Harvester in his
appointed task, if they seek his help.

Selene

Rage 10, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 120

Charms: Airt Sense, Disorient, Materialize, Open Moon
Gate, Reform, Shapeshift, Tracking

Image: Selene is Luna's huntress. She takes many forms,
but always wears blue and silver. Her eyes glow with pale
moonlight. In human form, she wears blue and silver garb
and carries a bow with arrows made of shafts of moonlight.
Her hair is long and dark, the deep blue-black color of the
midnight sky. When she takes the form of a wolf, she has
silver-gray fur with blue-black markings.

History: Luna's passion for life birthed Selene. Before Selene,
Luna looked down on Gaia's children, always watching, but
never feeling the passions involved in their life and death
struggles. Selene came from Luna's unmet desires to join that
drama. Although Selene pleased Luna, the huntress herself
became bored over the centuries. She pleaded with her mother
for the chance to hunt larger game. Now, Selene hunts Luna's
supernatural enemies as well as more mundane prey.

Habitat: Selene haunts moonlit wildlands in the Umbra
and on earth. She travels through many realms, such as
Wolfhome, the Legendary Realm and Pangaea. She makes
a point of visiting Luna's court when the Celestine has
visitors from earth.

Spiritual Correspondences: Selene represents the
moon's affect on the hunt. She embodies Luna's desire to
experience the passions of life.

Material Correspondences: The Ahroun symbol sur-
rounded by a circle, bow and arrows, blue-white body paint
in lunar symbols

Gift Lore: Selene teaches Gifts of moon spirits and the hunt.

Taboos: Selene must always stalk her prey until mid-
night before going in for the kill. She may only have one
prey a night. If she tries to slay her victim and fails, she may
never try to kill that victim again.

Attitude: Selene is aloof, viewing everything she en-
counters as potential game.

Chiminage: Selene respects skill in battle and in the hunt.
Legends tell of a Silver Fang who bested her in a hunting contest
and became her lover. Banes poisoned the Garou's heart and
turned him against her. This experience has left Selene with a
burning hatred of the Wyrm, buta special affection for the Garou.
Any Garou who demonstrates a healthy personal hatred of the
Wyrm may find an ally in Selene.


—

Cythus

Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8, Power 70

Charms: Airt Sense, Flood, Materialize

Image: Tythus appears as a lithe, attractive young man with
dark hair and a coppery complexion. His eyes are sea-green.

History: Tythus was a devout young shaman, beloved of
the moon-goddess during the First Times. An older shaman
grew jealous of the youth's relationship with the goddess
and during a new moon, he slew Tythus. The young
shaman's body was abandoned on the beach. As the tides
rose, they washed away the evidence of the crime.

When Luna discovered the spirit of Tythus floating in the
surf, she was enraged. However, the spirit of Tythus defended
hisslayer, explaining to Luna that his killer's jealous love of the
goddess drove the man to murder. Tythus told Luna that he
would rather have achance to serve her in the spirit world than
be avenged. Luna transformed him into the spirit of the tides.
And so Tythus remains, his soft voice easing pain and the
waves he guides washing the shores clean.

Habitat: Tythus lives in the Penumbra, traveling around
the world with the tides.

Spiritual Correspondences: Tythus is part of the tides. He
washes the beaches for each new day, leaving signs and symbols
of his wisdom in the patterns on the sand for those who look.

Material Correspondences: Sea water (especially sea
foam), wave patterns or symbols, seashells and starfish

Gift Lore: Tythus teaches Gifts associated with water
and lunar Gifts.

Taboos: Tythus will not leave the seas.

Attitude: Tythus is a spirit of forgiveness and renewal.
He has great patience with all of those who speak with him.
He is a caring spirit who offers comfort and forgetfulness to
those who seek it.

Chiminage: Garou who wish to communicate with
Tythus need only write their: words:in the sands of an
Umbral shoreline and wait for the tides to wash them clean.
Tythus requests that Garou help those suffering from grief
and pain. He is far more concerned than most lunar spirits
with living creatures, and he will go to great lengths to aid
those who seek knowledge:

Gafflings

Falling Stars

Rage 2, Gnosis 10, Willpower 3, Power 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Reform
Image: Falling Stars appear as flashing streaks of light across
the sky. They are virtually indistinguishable from their physical
namesakes, except that they may have any number of colors.
History: Ages past, a fomor Enticer seduced a young
Queen of the Silver Fangs beneath the light of a lover's
moon. Before the Queen of the Fangs téalized the true
nature of her paramour, she agreed to share her authority
with him until the star above them fell from the heavens.

cee ra I gf MATRA

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

a

When the queen opened her eyes to the truth, she prepared
to dash herself from a high cliff. Her Seneschal, a wise
Philodox, called upon Luna to set right this wrong, arguing
that Luna's light clouded the young queen with thoughts of
love. So, as the young queen, stood on the edge of the
precipice, Luna sent the star falling from the sky. Before
night ended, the Silver Fangs had reir v ngeance. Luna
dispatches Falling Stars as omens. ght any foul
deeds that transpire beneath her teke : .

Habitat: Falling stars live in the Aetherial Realm, flying
high in the firmament. While they Slumber, the spirits
gleam and twinkle like other stars in the heavens.

Spiritual Correspondences: Falling Stars serve as omens
and signs of luck. A Garou who beholds one has the favor
of the Celestines.

Material Correspondences: Falling Stars are represented
by a standard five-pointed star with a streaking trail behind
it. They are associated with the constellation Perseus.

Gift Lore: Falling Stars may grant understanding of any
lunar or sensing Gifts.

Taboos: Falling Stars may not appear in the daylight,
even if the moon is visible.

Attitude: Falling Stars are only concerned with doing Luna's
bidding, and react to Garou with Her current orders in mind.

Chiminage: Humility is the best approach when calling
for a Falling Star to appear. They are more likely to come
when the caller has a heavy heart and tears in his eyes. They
only request that their aid be used to set right offenses
against Gaia or Luna performed in the moonlight.

Strangelings

Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Willpower 3, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Disorient, Material-
ize, Possession, Shapeshift, Reform

Image: Strangelings are distorted moonlight monstrosi-
ties. They resemble goblins, childhood horrors and simply
bizarre combinations of animals and humans. Some
Theurges believe that they compete amongst themselves to
create the oddest images.

History: Strangelings are manifestations of moonlight's
madness. When the moon is full, they are more active,
terrorizing small children, insomniacs and the mentally ill.
They are wild spirits which bring delusion and paranoia.

Habitat: Strangelings dwell in the wilderness surround-
ing Luna's Umbral court. They have their own holdings
and courts which pay homage to Luna, even though they
are unwelcome visitors to Luna's court.

Spiritual Correspondences: Strangelings are spirits of
moonstruck madness.

Material Correspondences: Moonstone, belladonna and
psychologically disturbing art.

Gift Lore: Strangelings know lunar and madness-induc-
ing Gifts, but, except in rare instances, Garou must force
the knowledge from them.

131


Taboos: Strangelings cannot stand to see their own images.

Attitude: Strangclings are almost always hostile. They
like pushing others to the brink of insanity.

Chiminage: Volunteering to allow a Strangeling to possess
an individual fora time, often appeases them. If the Strangeling
tries to keep his hold on the volunteer, mirrors can frighten the
spirit into leaving. Strangelings enjoy becoming fetishes if
they can infect others with their madness.

Moonshadows

Rage 3 (7 if the moon is full), Gnosis 3 (7 at the half
moon), Willpower 3 (7 during the new: moon); Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Shapeshift

Image: Moonshadows appear as dark blue silhouettes of
creatures. They can form shadow shapes of any creature
that lives beneath the moon's light.

History: Every creature with a spiritual connection to
Luna has a Moonshadow spirit which watches over him.
All Garou have Moonshadows who remain secret and
silent unless their subject calls upon Luna for aid.

Habitat: Moonshadows dwell on the dark side of the
Umbral moon. The few Stargazers who have ventured into
their domain describe it as a quiet place of blue shadows.

Spiritual Correspondences: Moonshadows associate
themselves with all beings tied to Luna. Only moonlight is
needed to draw them.

Material Correspondences: Blue and black thick cloth
and shadows from natural phosphorescent light.

Gift Lore: Moonshadows teach lunar Gifts and Gifts
associated with darkness.

Taboos: Bright light intense enough to drive away
shadows sends Moonshadows into Slumber.

Attitude: Moonshadows are always friendly to the Garou.
They communicate empathically. A Moonshadow will
never directly address another being, only gesture and
share emotions.

Chiminage: The appropriate way to approach a
Moonshadow is simply to call upon Luna to awaken the
spirit. Moonshadows will aid and support a Garou, how-
ever, they will not allow themselves to be compelled or
bound into fetishes. Luna will mark a Garou who forces a
Moonshadow into a fetish as her enemy.

Elementals

The Silver Record explains that elementals are the first
children of Gaia. These primal spirits provide the mate-
rial foundation of the world. During the First Times, four
types of elementals — air, earth, fire and water — com-
posed all things. During this time of the Apocalypse,
other elementals, spirits of electricity, glass, metal and
plastic respond to summons and guard their own domains.
To many elder Garou, these "new" elementals are harbin-
gers of the End Times, spirits born to reshape Gaia's living

132

earth ina nightmare of lifeless technology. Many modern
Garou, especially the Glass Walkers and Homid breed,
believe that these non-classical elementals were ever-
present but unnoticed. Stargazers in the Orient have long
had dealings with elementals of metal, but as a tribe, they
do not embrace the elementals of artificial compounds,
such as plastic. The elementals have little interest in the
opinions of the Garou, and so they tell nothing of their
origins.

The four primordial elementals — fire, air, earth and
water — have their own courts and a hierarchy of spirits.
Outsiders find the courts of the elements barely compre-
hensible. Communication and interaction between
elementals can involve the spirits devouring one another
or dividing themselves into multiple essences, with the
mighty serving the weak and numerous other activities
which defy a consistent understanding of the behavior. A
few Theurges maintain that the elemental courts don't
exist. They theorize that the elementals provide seekers
with images and facades drawn from the thoughts of the
seekers. If even the pretension of a social structure exists
among the technological elementals, it has yet to be
discovered.

Traditional Elementals

Each elemental type in this section includes a detailed
write-up of the standard lesser elementals and a more
powerful elemental spirit. Storytellers may use these spir-
its as guidelines to create their own unique elementals.
Air

Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Willpower 3, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Reform, Updraft

Image: Spirits of the air appear as sky-blue or mist-
colored birds, clouds or whirlwinds. Many air elementals
use their Create Wind Charms to whip up strong winds as
they manifest. When air elementals take a human or lupine
shape, they try to appear stunningly attractive. Angry air
elementals swirl to howling with their misty forms boiling
like rising thunderctouds.

History: Air elementals have a limited understand-
ing of time asa concept. They tell epic stories punctuated
by dramatic gusts which credit themselves with the
carving of mountains and the sweeping of seas into
place. Air elementals believe they are the firstborn
children of Gaia and the Wyld. Although some air
elementals have great wisdom, due to their loquacious
nature and lack of time sense, they are apt to give
advice in the form of analogies which may not be
understood by a questioner.

Habitat: In physical world, air elementals dwell in the
upper atmosphere and mountaintop clouds. They dip into
the mists and fogs over nighttime waters for enigmatic
meetings with their water elemental cousins.

Axis Mundi

| aia riley //,


Ae

Oe

\S A

or,

/ iN?
( f oA
x)
a
ff,

@

Tt
a9

:
.

™
oF
ay

CY
9

"

exe

In the Umbrascape, air elementals dance in the high
reaches of the Aetherial Realm or race along with the
Umbral Wind. Rumors persist that the Umbral Wind is the
gate to the Courts of the Winds. No Garou has satisfactorily
proved a visit to the Courts of the Winds at a Grand Moot,
and so the legend continues.

Spiritual Correspondences: Air elementals are the spir-
its of the winds, breezes and storms.

Material Correspondences: Circles, silver, wind-based
music such as piping

Gift Lore: Air elementals teach Gifts relating to their
element.

Taboos: Air elementals may not violate the domains of the
other traditional elementals. No air elemental will venture
below the ocean waves or travel into the molten magma of a
volcano. One ancient story purports that if an air elemental
violates the taboo, it will dissolve into ephemera.

Attitude: Air clementals despise being disturbed and
pulled down from their lofty vistas. At best, they are mildly
interested in speaking to a summoner. At worst, they will
attack at the slightest provocation. Air elementals who
accidentally encounter a Garou may stop to tease or play,
but more likely will ruffle her and be on their way.

Chiminage: Air elementals generally enjoy flattery.
Long flowery statements about their grandeur and the
lowly station of the ground dwellers almost guarantee a

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

0 APOE AD. Ps TT eT ER, Ps ET IS,

+

ce SOME

~

0

positive reaction. Using archaic language with the accom-
paniment of flute or pipe music or wolf howls pleases the
wind spirits. Air clementals prefer petitioners to dress in
white or blue clothing and wear feathers. Although most
air elementals are poorly disposed to a summons, they come
around quickly with the proper deference.

Zephyra

Rage 10, Gnosis 9, Willpower 5, Power 90

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Lightning Bolts,
Reform, Shapeshift, Updraft

Image: Zephyra appears as a female, sometimes human or
wolf, often a bird of prey, sculpted of cloud and silhouetted
by morning sunlight in the day and gentle moonlight at
night. A low mist covers the ground around her. She never
touches the dirt bur glides gently just above its surface. Her
eyes shine with sparks of lightning, burning brightly when
she is angry and glowing warmly when she is pleased. When
she takes a human shape, she drapes herself in a translucent
gown of rainmist or wet snow. Her body coloration is white
with blue shading. Any hair, fur or feathers are a deeper shade
of blue, tending towards indigo.

History: Zephyra is a powerful spirit of the west wind. In
her long existence, she has taken many names and forms.
She sometimes frequents the Umbra around the Pacific
coast of North America. Zephyra is a lady of the Court of

133


Winds but, in the nobility of elementals, she is removed
from the mighty lords who possess Incarnalike power.
Banes of the air have fouled the western winds, weakening
her over the last few centuries.

Habitat: Zephyra constantly flies through the Umbra,
traveling to different realms and domains. She explores
always yearning for new horizons.

Spiritual Correspondences: Zephyra represents sea
breezes which blow from the Pacific Ocean.

Material Correspondences: Leaves or pine needles ar-
ranged with their stems pointing west and high sea cliffs.

Gift Lore: Zephyra teaches many of the elemental
Gifts of air. She knows secret Gifts of the water elementals
and the bird spirits. The Wendigo and Uktena know
Zephyra as a patient teacher of young pups.

Taboos: Zephyra will not knowingly aid faeries or their
kin, including the Fianna. Whether this is a true taboo or
merely a preference of Zephyra's (due to some imagined
slight or careless trick), the elemental will not state. She
will not violate the domain of a water spirit or a bird spirit
under any circumstances.

Attitude: Any being who seeks Zephyra draws her
curiosity. She is patient with potential students, but she
has little interest in direct involvement in conflicts.

Chiminage: Zephyra prefers dealing with individu-
als who paint their bodies with wind symbols and adorn
their clothing with feathers. She does not take offense

cc a hg PAA AT PEE OR IES

easily, but considers quick words a sign of stupidity. She
almost always requires Garou who wish to learn from
her to leap off of a high object and trust her to save
them from the fall.

Earth

Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 10, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Materialize, Umbraquake

Image: Earth elementals take large, massive shapes
made of rock, soil or a mix of the two. They speak with
rumbling or gravelly voices and loom over the individual
they are addressing. Some earth elementals only com-
municate with gestures or make signs by shifting minerals
in their bodies.

History: The oldest tales say that the earth
elementals are the closest spirits to Gaia, making up
Her body and bones. Many earth elementals are vener-
able beyond reckoning and carry memories of the time
before life awoke.

Habitat: Earth elementals dwell in untainted rock or
soil in the Penumbra. Once many earth elementals
inhabited the upper rocks and soils of the world, but they
now have delved away from the noise and wastes of
humanity. A Garou seeking the rock spirits has to trek a
great distance from the cities of man or travel deep
beneath the surface of the world to find them. Earth
elementals almost never roam freely in the Umbra.


Spiritual Correspondences: Earth elementals represent the
physical land. They imprison the fire spirits in Gaia's heart,
keeping them from destroying the world with Gaia's pent-up
anger and rage. When the elementals war, natural disasters
occur. Earth elementals also create gemstones and tend crystals,
but their greatest duty is providing nourishment for plants.

Material Correspondences: Jewels, stones, bones, pure
soil and fruits of harvests.

Gift Lore: Earth elementals teach all Gifts associated
with their element.

Taboos: Earth elementals must always touch their natu-
ral element. If an earth elemental leaves the ground, he
loses 10 Power per turn.

Attitude: The affairs of living animals do not interest
earth elementals. They have their own battles, a continual
wrestling match with the spirits of fire to keep them buried
within the world and a struggle to hold their continents
above the oceans of the water elementals. Even the wind
wears down their mountains and canyons, reducing the
mighty rock to sand. They consider all of these things more
important than the foretold Apocalypse.

Chiminage: The best way to approach earth elementals
isto point out the similarities between their endless struggles
and Garou attempts to prevent the Apocalypse. The earth
spirits may help those who ask for aid in defeating their
enemies. Offers from Garou to purify land may also stir the
earth spirits to grant favors.

Gortak

Rage 8, Gnosis 9, Willpower 10, Power 160

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Materialize, Shapeshift,
Umbraquake

Image: Gortak takes many forms, but it always has a
large star emerald visible on its body. Gortak chooses
shapes meant to frighten the weak, such as golems or
dragons. Gortak is a sexless entity.

History: Gortak was one of Gaia's first children, rich
and strong. It was one of the ribs of Gaia, born from Her
love and blessing to protect Her heart, just as the ribs of
Gaia's living children guard their hearts. Gortak was stal-
wart and unflinching, able to withstand any malicious
spirit that would try to penetrate the heart of the Great
Mother. Then, Gaia birthed the fire elementals from Her
anger and passions. The task fell to Gortak to hold them
inside the Mother's heart. If Gortak failed, the fire children
would consume and destroy Her body.

Mighty Gortak held, giving no spirit the chance to leave
orenter. When the Wyrm came, sending Thunderwyrms to
bore through the heart of the world, Gortak fought those as
well. Gortak had not the strength to perform both tasks. As
he struggled against the Thunderwyrms, poisonous banes
seeped deep into Gaia's flesh. Fire spirits burst out, shaking
the world and sending pillars of fire and ash from volcanoes.

Gaia might have fallen, but other spirits of rock and earth

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

EP ny

PT: Pe TP

A Fee

tose to aid Gortak. Since that time of failure, Gortak has
sought redemption. It wishes to defeat Gaia's foul attackers
forever.

Habitat: Gortak dwells in natural caverns deep below
the surface of the world. Gortak wanders through the
underlands of the Penumbra more than most earth
elementals, ever-vigilant against threats to the Mother.

Spiritual Correspondences: Gortak represents the de-
fense of Gaia's rocks and soil against despoilers.

Material Correspondences: The symbol for Gortak is a
line with an upside-down "V" beneath it. Hard rocks, such
as corundum and marble, may aid in summoning Gortak.

Gift Lore: Gortak teaches Gifts of Gaia and of earth.

Taboos: Gortak will never emerge into the light of day.

Attitude: Gortak is an ally of the Wyrm's enemies. A
hater of the Wyrm will receive a positive reaction from
Gortak.

Chiminage: Gortak only answers calls to aid in the
binding of fire elementals or to destroy the Wyrm. Gortak
ignores or destroys those who seek it for other reasons.

Fire

Rage 10, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast Flame, Create Fires

Image: Fire elementals appear as either a flame or a
creature made of fire. Powerful fire elementals have the
Shapeshift Charm. They may change their forms continu-
ously during a manifestation. The colors of a fire elemental's
flame will vary with its moods. Each individual elemental!
has its own coloration and emotional shades.

History: Fire elementals consider themselves the shapers
of the world. They are passions of Gaia given life. They
bring life and death. Fire elementals heat the air and raise
land out of the seas. They burn away the dead growth in
forests, so that new life can form. Fire elementals took pity
on humans in the First Times, and gave the gift of flame to
humankind. Ever since that event, the fire elementals have
had poor relations with their elemental cousins, who blame
them for these Final Days.

Habitat: Theurges say that if there is a flame beyond the
Velvet Curtain, it hides a fire elemental. The spirits of
flame travel throughout the Umbrascape. The most power-
ful of their number lie trapped beneath the Penumbral
landscape, guarded by the earth elementals ina place called
the Heart of Gaia. Glass Walkers believe this refers to the
earth's molten core.

Spiritual Correspondences: Every fire elemental repre-
sents a flame from a spark to a raging bonfire.

Material Correspondences: Flames of any sort, volcanic
rock, smoke, ash or embers, brass, diamonds and other
precious gems, highly flammable objects or liquids

Gift Lore: Fire elementals teach Gifts associated with
their element.

135


Taboos: Fire elementals will never face water elementals
or trespass in their domains.

Attitude: Fire elementals are intense, passionate beings
who are driven by a desire to ignite the world around them.
They enjoy summons and are friendly to those who ap-
proach them. Fire elementals will accept almost any
opportunity to interact with the world.

Chiminage: Fire elementals demand consumables. The
better an offering burns, the more approachable a fire
elemental will become.

The Salamander

Rage 10, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 150 (great
amounts of stored energy)

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast Flame, Create Fires

Image: The Salamander appears as a red or black lizard,
serpent or salamander bathed in flame. A forked tongue of
blue fire constantly flickers from his mouth.

History: The Salamander is an old disreputable fire clemen-
tal, half-corrupted by the Wyrm and the Weaver. He does not
care who or what burns as long as his hunger is appeased. Like
many of Gaia's spirits who have fallen to the Urge-Wyrms, he
pays homage to Gaia but reluctantly. Hunger gnaws at the
Salamander unceasingly, driving him to madness. Many spirits
suspect Salamander's taint. Most recently, Salamander gained
great power while the oil fires of the Gulf War burned. He has
stored this energy deep within his lair, jealously guarding his
power and tapping it when the hunger grows too great to resist.

Habitat: The Salamander dwells in a pool of oil and
pitch in the Umbra, a small mini-realm which he has
claimed. In his lair, he hisses, boils and babbles to himself
about his hunger and his plans.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Salamander repre-
sents oil fires. He manifests with legions of lesser fire
elementals when an oil fire burns.

Material Correspondences: Burning oil or pitch.

Gift Lore: The Salamander may teach any Gifts of fire;
he also knows Gifts of deception.

Taboos: The Salamander may never directly attack a
being unless attacked first.

Attitude: The Salamander hates all living things that he
cannot burn. He will tempt and use the living, so that he
can burn them or others. His greed and hunger make him
easier to manipulate than many of Gaia's spirits.

Chiminage: Offerings to the Salamander should be soaked
in oil and ignited. The Salamander will listen to anyone and
anything as long as he has something to consume.

Water

Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Willpower 6, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Flood, Healing

Image: Water elementals appear as either waves, springs
or currents or as animals or humans composed of water.

136

po ae

History: Water elementals have existed since the first
days. They share their precious liquid with Gaia's children.
Since humans started polluting the waters, many water
elementals have grown violent and aggressive.

Habitat: Water elementals dwell in bodies of water
throughout the Umbrascape. They cluster together in large
volumes of liquid, enjoying the company of their fellows.

Spiritual Correspondences: Water elementals repre-
sent their element.

Material Correspondences: Water, coral, mollusk shells
(fresh or salt), water plants

Gift Lore: Water elementals teach the Gifts associated
with their element.

Taboos: Water elementals will not leave their life-
giving element.

Attitude: The basic attitudes of water elementals vary
tremendously from individual to individual. lf the particu-
lar body of water they are associated with has been fouled,
they will be initially hostile. However, water elementals
who have had their domains sullied are more likely to aid
Garou against the Wyrm.

Chiminage: Water elementals enjoy dances and
tribute, but they have a greater appreciation for indi-
viduals who speak plainly and look them in the eye (or
at least make an attempt). Water elementals have a
sense of humor; however, it can be difficult for mate-
rial beings to grasp.

Ushas

Rage 5, Gnosis 10, Willpower 7, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Flood, Healing

Image: Ushas appear as horses with blue or green bodies
of water and foaming manes and tails.

History: Ushas are spirits of the waves. Their beauty
tore at the hearts of the spirits of the land so greatly that
Gaia created the land horses in their image. In tales, Ushas
carry heroes to lands beneath the waves or across the
oceans.

Habitat: Ushas play and frolic near the seacoasts of the
Umbrascape. They can be found in almost any realm.
Those who cannot naturally see spirits believe that they are
only strong waves.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Ushas are spirits of the
crashing, foaming waves of the oceans or the rapids of
mighty rivers. They are not spirits of tidal waves.

Material Correspondences: Dried seahorses, paintings
of blue or green and white horses in beach sand.

Gift Lore: Ushas rarely teach Gifts, although they are
able to teach all of he Gifts associated with water.

Taboos: Like other water elementals, Ushas will not
leave the water.

Attitude: Ushas are playful spirits, and they are initially
friendly to all of Gaia.

Axis Mundi

0 POPE Rs Ps ET PL tiny //,


yey

™.

Chiminage: A Garou who spends time playing with
Ushas will have an easy time dealing with them. Ushas like
surfboards, and have great fun dragging them along or
toppling them into the waves.

Other Elementals

The only tribe of Garou that has regular dealings with
non-classical elementals are the Glass Walkers. Modern
elementals allow themselves to be bonded into fetishes
more easily than the classical elementals.

Electricity

Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Control Electrical Systems, Light-
ning Bolts, Short Out

Image: Electricity elementals prefer to take forms of
fields or arcs of electrical energy dangerously throwing off
sparks and standing hair on end.

History: The electricity elementals first appeared after
humans harnessed electrical energy for their machinery.
Although lightning spirits exist, they have only a tenuous
relationship with the electricity elementals. Electrical
elementals have no care for the past, only for the future.

Habitat: Electricity elementals dwell in numerous places
in the Umbra, such as the Cyberrealm, Scar and the Glass
Walkers' homeland. Many electricity elementals lair in the

Chapter Four: Mountains and Water

OPO Ps ST EY iy //

Digital Web (sce the Digital Web product for Mage: The
Ascension for more details), a virtual reality playland
connected to the Cyberrealm.

Spiritual Correspondences: Electricity elementals rep-
resent the energy that humans harness to power their
modern machinery.

Material Correspondences: Wiring, dynamos, genera-
tors and electrical appliances.

Gift Lore: Electricity elementals may teach any Gift
associated with their element.

Taboos: Electricity elementals must stay in the vicinity
of wiring.

Attitude: Electricity elementals are virtually unreadable.
They spend little time communicating and many are considered
insane. Dealing with electricity elementals is highly dangerous.

Chiminage: Electricity elementals appreciate sacri-
fices of conductive materials. They are also receptive to
offers of being made into fetishes.

Glass

Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Willpower 4, Power 45

Charms: Materialize, Shatter Glass, Throw Glass

Image: Glass elementals take forms of glass sculpture or
golems made of shards of shattered glass. The forms vary
depending on the elemental; some are beautiful pieces of stained
artwork, while others are sharp-edged, scratched monstrosities.

137

L


History: In previous centuries, rumors persisted of glass
elementals, but the majority of Garou did not take them
seriously until the past century. Glass elementals have no
legendary history, although Glass Walker Galliards tell a
dark version of Tennessee Williams' The Glass Menagerie in
which glass elementals figure prominently.

Habitat: Glass elementals, like other elementals, dwell
in the Umbral versions of their elements.

Spiritual Correspondences: Glass elementals represent
the artificial glass of the world. They also represent invis-
ible barriers and reflections of the mind's eye.

Material Correspondences: Glass sculptures of extreme value

Gift Lore: Glass elementals teach the Gifts associated
with their element, and many of them also know Gifts
associated with mirrors or windows.

Taboos: Glass elementals will not attack Glass Walkers
for any reason.

Attitude: Glass elementals are always friendly to the Glass
Walker Garou. To other beings, they are neutral, except for
children of bird spirits, whom they hate for marring their
surfaces with excrement. They are wary of earth elementals.

Chiminage: Glass elementals prefer Gifts of stained
glass panes, sculptures or mirrors. They appreciate unusual
lighting. Garou should speak slowly to glass elementals and
carefully gauge their reactions to statements. Threats al-
most always result in attacks from glass elementals.

Metal

Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Willpower 10, Power 30

Charms: Armor, Materialize

Image: Metal elementals appear as humanoids com-
posed of alloyed metal. Their bodies are held together by
rivets, screws, welded joints or gears and chains. When
metal elementals move, they make metal-on-metal screech-
ing noises. These elementals have the same structure as the
metal they represent.

History: Oriental philosophers first recognized the exist-
ence of metal elementals millennia ago. Metal elementals
think of themselves as the lords of iron and the hard elements
of the world. Earth elementals dispute their cousins' domain.

Metal elementals work with humans to increase their own
influence. They see themselves as the leaders of the elements
of civilization and future masters of the world. Metal elementals
maintain that civilization is a natural result of Gaia's design.

Habitat: Mctal elementals dwell in worked and alloyed
metals in the Umbrascape.

Spiritual Correspondences: Metal elementals repre-
sent the worked metal and metal alloys of the world. They
also represent the veins of copper, iron and other metals
occurring in nature.


comm a) I fB

Material Correspondences: Quantities of the metal
that composes the elemental, industrial music.

Gift Lore: Metal elementals teach the Gifts associated
with their element.

Taboos: Metal elementals will not directly confront
classical elementals, even if the metal elemental has a

decided advantage.
Charms: Armor, Materialize, Reform, Spirit Static
Image: Mismatched and ill-colored collaborations

of plastic products make up the forms of plastic

elementals. Since plastic is used for so many products,

vA Attitude: Metal elementals tend to be overconfident in
their own abilities. They want to cover the world ina shell
of steel and concrete.

Chiminage: Metal elementals like loud noises, multi-
colored lights and praise. Garou should speak quickly and
directly with metal elementals, since these testy spirits
have little patience.

Plastic
the only thing certain about a plastic elemental is that

Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8, Power 35
it will be a collage of plastic products in a roughly
humanoid form.

History: Plastic elementals are the most recent of the
modern elementals. They became prevalent in the 1950s,
when plastics exploded across worldwide markets and plas-
tic manufacturing skyrocketed. Plastic elementals claim
that Gaia created them to meet the needs of the expanding
human population.

Habitat: Plastic elementals lair in plastics in the
Umbrascape. They can be found in any urban environment
in the Umbra, especially junkyards.

Spiritual Correspondences: Plastic elementals repre-
sent their element.

Material Correspondences: Any item made of plastic,
from clear plastic cups to hard plastic computer covers, can
aid in summoning a plastic elemental.

Gift Lore: Plastic elementals teach any Gifts relating to
their element.

Taboos: Plastic elementals refuse to confront any min-
ions of the Weaver.

Attitude: Plastic elementals try to ignore the spiritual
struggles of the world. They are more interested in techno-
logical advances.

Chiminage: Plastic elementals want to expand their
domain and influence. They react well to supplicants
wearing plastic ponchos or raincoats. They agree to almost
anything if an individual can create or find a new use for
plastic in the world.

(a


Ancestor-spirits

Gladhome is hight the fifth where golden shimm'ring
Valholl is widely spread out;
here Othin chooses every day weapon-slain warriors.

-The Lay of Gimnir (translated by Lee M. Hollander in
The Poetic Edda)

Garou can connect with their ancestors' spirits
through the Past Life Background. They can also en-
counter them in their abodes in the Umbra. The
locations of some of these places are secrets well-
guarded by the spirits' living kin or by select members
ofacaern. Newly initiated Garou, after undergoing The
Rite of Passage, are often sent to an Ancestor-spirit to
learn history and partake of the gifts the spirit can
teach. There are two schools of thought on Ancestor-
spirits. One contends that they are the full spirits of the
dead, watching over the tribe. The second school holds
that they are ephemera covering the memories of the
dead whose spirits have moved on to await their rebirth.

Chapter Five: The Others

UPL. Pe ET SE inlay //

The one point of reference common to all Ancestor-spirits
is that they are cultural heroes. In life, they went on quests to
bring gifts back to share with the tribe. In one sense they are
Promethean figures, bringing knowledge at great cost. They
are also very active in Garou culture; to speak of them as
spirits has a different quality to Garou than the term does for
many people. Garou interact with their Ancestor-spirits,
who are still accessible. There is a great difference between
active Ancestor-spirits and those Garou spirits who have
succumbed to bitterness and despair, called Harano-spirits.
Harano-spirits may appear to a werewolf, offering to teach
Gifts and lore. Yet after prolonged exposure to the living,
they seek to draw their pupils into their own despair. The
difference between them and true Ancestor-spirits is subtle at
first, but eventually becomes as distinct as night from day.

The Ancestor-spirits of a tribe are active, and keep a
vigorous interest in their living kin. They are almost
certain to answer the proper rituals performed in their

141


142

Umbral homes, but the ritual (unless otherwise noted)
must be effected by a member of their tribe. While in
the spirit's dwelling, the difficulty of any Past Life
Background roll is lowered by one. The Ancestor-
spirits know both tribal Gifts and spirit Charms; they
remember their skills from life, and some have learned
more tricks since their deaths. The more venerated
spirits still have the desire to learn.

Ragnor Red Axe of the Get of Fenris

Rage 10, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6, Power 75

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Forest Sense, Materialize,
Open Moon Bridge, Tracking, Updraft

History: Ragnor Thorvaldson was born near
Trondheim, Norway around A.D. 1012. The Get looked
upon the youth with promise, for he was a strong lad,
displaying courage to the point of recklessness. His uncle,
King Geirolf of the Get of Fenris, was pleased when the
Change came upon Ragnor. Soon after his Rite of Passage,
Ragnor took to sea in a Viking ship.

He and his crew plundered the coastsof England,

Aquitaine and Cordoba. He gained Renown byaiding the 1,
~~ a pocket realm beyond the Get of Fenris homeland, along

_with other Get of Fenris heroes. The realm is filled with

exiled Silver Fang princess Blanchefleur, and helping the -

Silent Strider Yusaf ben Matin regain the Eye of Kadir
from the Nephandus mage Marid abd Shunnar. The Saga

of Ragnor Red Axe tells that Ragnor slew the mage, but
was cursed. The dying Nephandi foretold, "Doomed is the
wyrd on which you walk, brave wolf of the bleak north,"

Returning to Geirolf's Hall with honor, he incurred the

jealousy of Geirolf's heir and grandson, Hafnar the White...

That winter one of Jormangundr's brood descended-upon
the north: Nidhug the Dark, a black dragon of great power.
Nidhug made his way toward Geirolf's Hall, sweeping all
the Get warriors before his flame and wrath: Ragnor
vowed to battle the dragon unaided and left wearing a robe
of runes and carrying his great axe. On the winter solstice
he slew Nidhug the Dark, driving his axe in the soft spot
below the serpent's throat. The dragon's blood flowed into
his wounds, and he suddenly understood the speech of the
birds and beasts. His axe was red ever after, and from the
dragon's scales he made invincible armor.

Returning with the dragon's head to Geirolfs Hall, he
was waylaid by Hafnar and his warriors. Falling into a rage,
Ragnor tore Hafnar the White to pieces. Hafnar's com-
panions fled before Ragnor to Geirolf's Hail and reported
that it was Ragnor who had ambushed Hafnar and slew
him unjustly. When Ragnor reached the Hall King Geirolf
called the Hunt down upon him, but gave him a day's lead
for the service he did by slaying Nidhug.

Ragnor fled the north. Other castoff Get sought him
out and soon he was the leader of a pack of outlaws:
Ragnor's Brotherhood. For a time they were the guests of
Thorald Bone-Crusher in Iceland. There they heard tales
of Vinland beyond the western sea. Tired of battling their
kin, they took ship for a new life in Vinland.

Landing upon Vinland's shores, they pitched camp.
The native Skraelings did not bother them, but in the
spring, Geirolfs hunting party found them and attacked
the camp by surprise. Here the outlaws were slain. Ragnor
gave his mail to his pregnant wife, Rana the Brave, and
bade her find safety with Kinfolk in Norway. He slew eight
members of the pursuing party but was finally pinned to a
pine by a great spear and left for dead. The survivors of the
Brotherhood honored Rana and took ship back to Iceland.

Tukcha, a Wendigo warrior, found Ragnor. Ragnor
instructed him to carve in runes above him, "Here died
unjustly Ragnor Red Axe." He then exchanged blood
with the Wendigo and perished.

King Geirolf wept tears of shame when he heard of his
noble nephew's death. The Get of Fenris look to him as a
spirit of unyielding principle and courage in dark times.

Image: Ragnor.Red.Axe in Crinos form is attired in
Viking warrior garb, complete with helmet and mail. He
carries a great red axe in his left hand. In Homid form he
is a tall: man with long blond hair and an unsettling gaze.

~In-both Lupus and Crinos form his fur is white.

Habitat: The spirit of Ragnor Red Axe can be found in

harsh snows, deep woods and high mountains. Ina valley
of pines, marked by Nordic tunes carved into tree trunks,

"the spirit of Ragnor can be summoned. Performing the
proper ritual ensures success.

Note: When the need is extreme Ragnor will loan his

-dragonskin mail to the summoner. Nothing short of
~ Ragnarok will cause him to give it up, so great bargaining

and persuasion is called for here. The mail carries no
penalty and has an Armor Rating of 7.

Spirit Correspondences: Ragnor is a spirit of war and
Renown, having purview over those unjustly wronged.
The Ronin claim him as one of their own. Those who
suffer The Hunt call upon him for guidance and aid.
Naturally the Get resent this, claiming he was never
expelled from the tribe. They send those who have just
passed through the Rite of Passage to him to learn tales of
hardship and strategy.

Material Correspondence: The summoner must pro-
duce a bowl of blood taken from her oath arm (the right)
and an artifact from a slain foe. A bone of Ragnor's is also
needed tosummon him. (The Wendigo also possess one of
these rarities, much to the Gets' sorrow.) Nordic runes
painted in a circle about the summoning spot ensure his
eventual arrival.

Gift Lore: Troll Skin, Strength of the Einhejar, Might of
Thor, Snarl of the Predator and Wisdom of the Ancient Ways.

Taboos: Ragnor will not aid anyone seeking to cause
injury to his own tribe, although he will aid in evasive
maneuvers if a petitioner is being hunted by Get. If Ragnor
is placed into Slumber, he can be awakened by the
summoner's blood and the recital of personal bravery.

Axis Mundi

0 OA LE PT ET intmmeimey //,


Attitude: Friendly to Get of Fenris, Silver Fangs,
Silent Striders, Wendigo, Ronin and those being pur-
sued by The Hunt. He is neutral to all other tribes, save
the hated Black Spiral Dancers.

Chiminage: Ragnor demands the singing of the great
deeds of those who seek him. He also demands that the
Garou aid a certain Get or Ronin being unjustly hunted.
Ragnor is moved by tales of those who have endured
hardship and false accusations. One must approach him
in a straightforward manner; he detests inflated speech.
Supplicants must look him in the eye and state their
desire; it would be foolish to mock his honor or the
honor of the Get of Fenris.

Testy about his reputation, he looks favorably upon
those who give ear to the saga of his life. Ragnor may lend
his axe toa kinsman. The red axe does aggravated damage.

Tukcha of the Wenrigo, Wolf Who
Runs With Che West.

Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Willpower 9, Power 45

Charms: Airt Sense, Camouflage, Forest Sense, Heal-
ing, Invoke the Spirits of the Storm

Image: Tukcha is a calm, dignified spirit. In human
form he is tall and reflective, wearing the traditional
attire of the Northwest Tlinglit nation. Changing to

Crinos form, he becomes huge and black. A fire dances
in his eyes when he touches upon the memory of an old
trick or joke which served him well.

History: Tukcha was born to Wendigo Kinfolk of
the Raven clan of the Tlinglit people. His father gave
him the name Deki-Nachet, prophesying "To the west
you will look first and last in this world."

In those days the Wendigo were a happier people, for
the Europeans had not come and their great sorrows lay
ahead of them. Not all the tribes then followed the
Wendigo spirit. Some followed Tschak the Eagle or Jelcha
the Raven. It was Raven who had destroyed the Wyrm-
monsters of the north and given the people skills and laws.

One day Raven told Deki-Nachet that a giant fomor
had awakened and was coming to his village. Deki-Nachet
was new to the wolf blood then. He ran and warned his
people just in time. The giant came upon an empty village.
The only thing he found worth eating was a wolf pelt, and
he popped it in his mouth. But Deki-Nachet had filled the
pelt with sharp knives, and as blood flowed from the
giant's mouth, the Wendigo attacked the Wyrm-spawn.

The giant changed form into a giant bat and barely
escaped to the east. Understanding came on Deki-
Nachet then. "I have defeated the enemy of our past,"
he thought. "If I follow the bat east, I will meet the
present and future foes of the Pure Land."


cee ra Sg LAER AT EA CE

Alone, he tracked the bat west and came upon some
people, the Dakota, dwelling by a great lake. They
welcomed him and named him Tukcha. He stayed,
forgetting his quest.and marrying a maid of the tribe.
Meanwhile, the bat befriended the Ojibwa tribe, even-
tually stirring them-t6 war against the Dakota.

The Dakota village was*attacked, but the valor of
Tukcha and the Dakota warriors won the day. Tukcha
in Crinos form tore the bat in half, but from. its blood
came a mosquito the size of.an-oewl, which flew east.
Tukcha followed. "I have seen the foe of the present,
which is war between the tribes," he thought, vowing to
seek the path of peace ever.after.

At last he came to the great eastern sea. He found his
foe and smashed it with a rock. From the body of the
great insect rose a thousand small mosquitoes, all thirsty.
Following the cloud of insects, Tukcha came to a place
by the shore where dead warriors and Garou lay. He had
not seen ones like these before. They were white skinned
with strange weapons. One, pinned toa tree by a spear,
still lived. Tukcha tried to aid the dying Garou warrior,
who instructed him to draw certain signs in the tree
above him. The two warriors shared blood, and the
pale-skinned Garou died. Ever after Tukcha knew the
speech of birds and beasts.

Tukcha watched as the cloud of mosquitoes drained
the last Garou's body of blood. Understanding came
upon him a third time. "This is the foe of tomorrow, the
white men who will conquer this land. They shall come
in swarms like the mosquitoes, and like the mosquitoes
they shall be thirsty for our blood." He returned to his
tribe, and spent the rest of his life on the path of peace,
explaining his vision and halting tribal wars.

Habitat: Tukcha dwells in the Legendary Realm of
the Umbra. His spirit is on the continent of the Pure
Ones, and not in the Wendigo homeland, as is generally
thought. [t is said that he did not want to rest among
spirits who would be defeated and embittered by the
pale conqueror. Tukcha's spirit resides in a wood called
At-Kaschi. Strange pipe and wind music plays con-
stantly in the mysterious forest.

Spiritual Correspondences: Tukcha is a spirit dedi-
cated to wisdom, peace and cunning. He also holds the
secrets which lead down tomorrow's pathways and keeps
watch on the enemies of the Wendigo.

Material Correspondences: To summon Tukcha's
spirit, a Garou needs a handful of earth, pine needles
and a raven feather. She must fast for two days before
the ritual. The summoner must wear a raven mask of
Tlinglit design during the rite. The offerings are burnt
while the seeker dances and watches the fire.

Gift Lore: Tukcha can teach Call the Cannibal
Spirit, Invoke the Spirits of the Storm, Spirit Speech
and Smell of Man.

144 Axis Mundi

Y aia rien 7 /

Taboos: Raven mocked Tukcha for not leading his
people over the eastern sea to destroy the white men
who knew the secret of the Pure Land. But the way
looked long and filled with ice, so Tukcha let the Snow
People be. He learned the bitterness of Raven's lesson
when the Wendigo told him what transpired after the
Europeans came. Now Tukchacan only aid the Wendigo
and Uktena. When he Slumbers, he can be awakened
by a cleansing ritual similar to the sweat lodges or
healing rituals of the Navajo, although this must be
done in the Legendary Realm.

Attitude: Tukcha is friendly to Wendigo, Uktena
and Red Talons. He dislikes Shadow Lords, Get of
Fenris, Glass Walkers, Silver Fangs and Black Spiral
Dancers, and is neutral to all others.

Chiminage: Tukcha must be addressed with respect,
although he does have a sense of humor and is relaxed
around others. He will counter verbal jabs with great
wit. He should always stand west of the summoner.

Tukcha requires one to help the Wendigo in return
for his aid. He will hand the summoner a raven feather
to present to the Wendigo, who will recognize it as his
token. This quest does not always entail aid in battle;
often Tukcha wants to establish peace between quarrel-
ing Wendigo factions or between the Wendigo and
Uktena. The Garou fulfilling this request will gain 2 in
Wisdom, | in Glory and 2 in Honor.

A gateway to Tukcha's forest is found near the
Wendigo Caern of the Painted Sands in Arizona, on
Navajo territory. The wise among the Wendigo elders
send the young to learn from Tukcha.

Brenna Storm Queen of the Fianna

Willpower 6, Rage 9, Gnosis 6, Power 50

Charms: Blast Flame, Healing, Ice Shards, Tracking

Image: Brenna'Storm Queen is a raven-haired woman
of indeterminate age. Standing at average height, she has
acold look in her eyes. In Crinos form she is ocher colored
and carries a sword. Her wolf form's coat is brown.

History: Brenna'Ni Ainmin was born near Lough
Gara in Ireland. She tan with the Fianna and only came
into her own during the-Irish Peasant Revolt of 1641,
which pitched the native Catholic population against
their Englishdandlords. Brenna swiftly became a leader
in the rebellion, eventually marrying a Kinfolk rebel
leader, Keegan O'Brien.

When the English Civil War struck Ireland, she agreed
to support the Irish and Royalists (always an uneasy
alliance) against the Parliamentarians. Cromwell landed
in Ireland with fresh English forces in 1649 and took
Drogheda, sacking the town's populace. Brenna's hus-
band was slain seeking sanctuary in the church. This
event enraged Brenna to the point of fury. Ever after she
was named Storm Queen.


Oe.

From her base near Lough Ree she lead the Fianna
against the English forces again and again. So destructive
were her raids into Ulster and Dublin that a price was
placed on her head. Cromwell's lieutenants feared her.
Brenna was finally slain by another Fianna, Fallon Moon
Dreamer, who had Kinfolk in the pale near Dublin. His
treachery isa reminder that not all the Fianna fought the
English. Some thought of their families or were kin to the
recent Scottish or Welsh immigrants. Fallon lured her
into Dundalk for talks and slew her with his pack. The
Fianna of Ireland to this day hold her up as an example

of extreme heroism.

Habitat: The Fianna Homeland near the Arcadia gate-
way holds the abode of the Fianna Ancestor-spirits. Brenna
dwells in a glen near the resting place of the great Fianna
lords. Rocks set in a curious design lead down into the
valley. Brenna will caution her Fianna kin in the Home-
land not to revel too hard, but to aid in guarding the gates
to Arcadia, lest the minions of the Wyrm approach.

Spiritual Correspondences: Brenna is a spirit of war. If
a seeker calls her down to briefly embody herself in the
seeker's body, he will learn many strategies useful in the
modern world.

Material Correspondences: The grass or earth of Ire-
land, a lock of Brenna's hair and a poem or song composed
by the seeker about the glory of the Fianna. If a Galliard
seeks her company, she will arrive all the swifter, espe-
cially if she hears the strumming of a harp.

Gift Lore: Gifts that involve war, strategy, conceal-
ment and information gathering fall within Brenna's
knowledge, although she is best at guerilla warfare. She
can teach the following: Faerie Kin, Howl of the Banshee,
Howl of the Unseen, Luck of the Irish and Persuasion.

Taboos: Brenna will not aid any of the Brotherhood of
Herne, those Fianna who hold with British rule in North-
ern Ireland. Since not all the Welsh Garou, the Dyn a
drowyd yn flaidd, are pro-British, she judges them indi-
vidually. The Brotherhood of Herne say that her wild raids
did not distinguish between friend and foe. She had to be
stopped. If her spirit is cast into Slumber it can be awak-
ened by the song of a Fianna minstrel (who will gain three
points of Glory).

Attitude: Brenna prefers the company of Fianna, but
tolerates all other tribes of Gaia.

Chiminage: For a small request, Brenna will ask that a
song of her deeds be performed at the next Fianna moot.
In return for a major call for aid, she will demand that the
recipient help the Fianna in Ireland. This quest will bring
2 Glory and 1 Honor to the successful.

The camp of Fianna known as the Grandchildren of
Fionn hold her most in honor. They seek her out in the
Homeland and are in frequent communication with her.
There is a gateway to her glen found near the Brugh Na

iy Boinne Caern in County Meath, Ireland. Only the Keeper

of the Song can lead initiates to the passage.

i Ch CE

When encountered Brenna does not require for-
malities. At first reserved and quiet, she will gradually
grow more animated until her speech dominates the
encounter. One of the pleasures of her company is
her assessment of other historic Garou leaders and
fighters, some of whom she encountered on the con-
tinent drumming up support for the Irish cause. "They
all said that King Glorieux of the Fang was wise, but
he was a total idiot. His brother, Roland, bless his
heart, made all the decisions."

Natifa Wheel-Dreamer and Sekhet
Wheel-Dancer of the Silent Striders

Natifa: Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8, Power 40

Sekhet: Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7, Power 45

Charms: Natifa: Airt Sense, Materialize, Cleanse
the Blight

Sekhet: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Open Moon Bridge,
Reform

Image: Natifa is a tall, slender woman with long
white hair. In Crinos form she is white, save for a dark
patch on her left arm. She remains white in wolf form.
Sekhet is also tall, with waist-length dark hair. In
Crinos form she is dark except for a white patch on her
left arm. She is black in Lupus form, save for the
brightness in her eyes.

History: The two sisters, Natifa and Sekhet, were
twins born of Egyptian Kinfolk who resided in Cordoba,
Spain. Their Arabic birth names were Safa and
Cantara, but after their Rite of Passage they received
the ancient tribal names of the Striders. Natifa ab-
sorbed all classical knowledge while Sekhet mastered
geography. The two took to wandering the Islamic and
Christian worlds, offering themselves as tutors to great
Garou families. Since women did not wander alone,
they excelled at disguise as well as Umbra travel.

While in Baghdad they learned that the ancient
artifact of the Silent Striders, the Eye of Kadir, had
been seized by the hashashiyyin. Alone the two sisters
infiltrated the order and recovered the Eye. Sekhet
wore the fabulous jewel it while she lived.

In 1256, the Mongols lay siege to Baghdad. The
sisters saved their Kinfolk from the doomed city
when the Abased Dynasty fell. This experience
marked Natifa. She felt that no place on earth was
safe from chaotic destruction and pondered how to
save the cultural artifacts of her people as well as the
great records of others. Sekhet offered the rumor of
the Wheel of Ptah in North Africa, which was guarded
by the Silent Striders and said to lead to paths
throughout the myriad realms in the Umbra and
beyond.

146 Axis Mundi

EEL PS ET SS TT ily //,


Arriving there, Sekhet eventually learned all the ways
of the Wheel, and with the Eye of Kadir, great knowledge
became hers. Sekhet invented the Dance of Ptah, and in
adervish state of ecstasy vanished into the Wheel, never
to return. Natifa soon followed.

Habitat: Their abode is found by following the
River of Life and Death beyond the Silent Strider
homeland. In an area reminiscent of Alexandria of the
Prolemies, there is a replica of the Library of Alexan-
dria. Here Sekher and Natifa can be found. The
building contains vast amounts of knowledge and is
sought by Garou scholars. The pursuit of arcane lore
draws some to them.

Spiritual Correspondence: Natifa aids in knowledge
and wisdom, while Sekhet aids in Umbral travel and all
pathways. Sekhet can bear messages to the dead in the
Shadowlands.

Material Correspondences: To play host to one of
the sisters, one must burn a papyrus roll which con-
tains hard-sought wisdom on the night of the new
moon. She must also possess the enigmatic sign of the
sister painted on her face. To summon the sisters in
their home, one should recite the legend of Shu Horus.
If the recital is successful, the sisters will appear;
descending a-marble staircase.

Gift Lore: Natifa: Disquiet, Messenger's Fortitude,

Sense Wyrm, Thé Great Leap

Sekhet: Assimilation, Gate of the Maon, Reach the
Umbra;-Speed Beyond Thought

Note: Sekhet teaches Reach the Umbra with her own
interpretation. She performed a dervish dance to start
this effect and teaches this dance to others. It is also
rumored that some of the artifacts of the Silent Striders
lie in their keeping, including the Eye of Kadir.

Taboos: While they possess great amounts of knowl-
edge (including the Silver Record) and know much of
the Moonpaths and Umbra ways, they are ignorant of
events in Egypt and cannot open gateways there. If
their spirits are cast into Slumber they can be awakened
by sprinkling water from a container which has been
placed under an eclipse of the sun. Garou gain 3 in
Honor by doing so.

Attitude: Friendly to Silent Striders, Silver Fangs and
Stargazers; neutral to all other tribes save the Black
Spiral Dancers.

Chimitiage: The two sisters must be approached with
respect. Natifa is very formal and reserved, while Sekhet
is more outspoken and vivacious. Their demand for
teaching Gifts is never too great, only an order to aid a
Silent Striders on her quest. When asked to deliver a
message to the Shadowlands or consult records in Natifa's
collection, then the sisters will request more of the
summoner. The Garou must tend a place in the Penum-
bra, making it a pleasant place for Umbral travelers
(including the Striders) to rest.

Chapter Five: The Others

| aati etommeniemy //,

cc a If IAAT AT EPEC A IE

Enigmatic Spirits

Still she haunts me, phantomwise

Alice moving under skies

Never seen by waking eyes.

— Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass

The Garou know little about the Enigmatic spirits.
Some of these spirits are simply indescribable to any
earthly reference. Others constantly shift form and have
no consistency. However, the Garou have devised at least
two classifications within the Enigmatic Spirits. The
Chimerlings are spirits of ephemeral material who visit
the Garou in dreams and are associated with the totem
Chimera. Englings are spirits of Gaia that are sacramental.
Whole septs can renew their Gnosis by devouring sacrifi-
cial Englings.

Some unique Enigmatic spirits do not fall into either
catepory and lie on the periphery of classification. The
Garou have allied with these Enigmatics, and consider
them beneficial at times, if a bit unusual and unsettling.

Chimerlings

Shiafleenax

Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Willpower 5, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Reform, Shapeshift

Image: Shiafleenax's shape is constantly shifting. She
stands below average height and has white flowing hair.
Her skin alternates between blue and green. She skims the
currents of dreams on the changing wing patterns of a
swallowtail butterfly, gossamer dragonfly and proud tur-
quoise hawk. The three-wing patterns unfold in cycles
which seem to take seconds.

Two translucent faces are superimposed to the left and
right of her natural one. They are slightly askew, con-
stantly rippling in and out of visibility. This rippling effect
eventually gives full life to each of the three faces while the
exiled two wait their turn in phantom proximity. The
sound of Shiafleenax's voice comes from three sources at
once, one louder and two echoing. While speaking she
plants her feet in the earth and roots herself to the ground.
Some Garou have mistaken her for a changeling.

History: Shiafleenax was the dream of the first dawn
reflected on the cool waters of desire. Emerging from the
waters in silent song, she struck the first musical note
ever to vibrate in the still morning air of the New World.
Playing upon a three-stringed lute, she sent vibrations
through the flushed air of the early sunrise, laughing as
she shattered the eternal stillness. The vibrations from
the strings created infinite reflections of Shiafleenax
throughout the kingdom of sleep. The sea fell in love
with her song and voice, and she fell in love with the
deep stillness and unclouded reflection that the ocean
provided her. But the sea could not speak.

147


Finally weary of playing alone, she flew to greet the sun.
She lett the lute beside still waters. It lay forgotten until
a race so ancient only their name is

the First People
remembered — found it. Taking it to their strange and
torgotten city, they gave it to their king. He plucked the
first string, and Shiafleenax vanished forever from waking
reality, dwelling ever after in sleep. Great clouds rose from
the ocean and the first rain wept the sea's silent tears. As
he plucked the second string, her voice, clear and soft,
became ever muted and strained. In sorrow the sea with-
drew into itself, causing the first tide. Then, with the
sound of the chird string, doom fell on the First People.
The sea rose in silent anger, burying the king and his
people in their forgotten city, unnamed forevermore. The
instrument gave sound to the waves on the shore, so that
the first song has continued to this day in the eternal
crashing of the waves. It is a sad song, drawn from eternal
sorrow and loss. Only Shiafleenax remembers the First
People and their city of shells and shadows.

Shiatleenax began to fade until Chimera took her.as.a
fosterling, granting her life in the ephemeral realm: of
sleep. No two Garou will exactly agree as to her appear-
anec. She is found at the end of dreamquests, where she
bequeaths strange gifts of Gnosis. Formerly she was seldom
encountered, but with the nearing of the Apocalypse; she
has appeared frequently in the troubled sleep of the Garou.

The Wendigo know her as Susbehcha and the Shadow
Lords as Danika.

Habitat: Shiafleenax's portion of the Dream Zone is
a place of ever-changing seasons in a shadowed forest.
The transparent trees give off the scent of lazy pollen.
Strange spotted beasts, half glimpsed at the edge of
sight, dart hetween the undergrowth while enigmatic
laughter rises and falls. The airy conversation of leaves
and murmuring of distant waters distort the visitor. Its
a maddening area of rapid motion, but also-one of
haunting beauty and the feel of lost childhood.
Shiafleenax can be found near still water, flying in
solitude until she spots the dreamer and approaches.
This is the signal that the dream is soon to end, and the
approach of wakefulness arrives with her presence.

Spiritual Correspondences: Shiafleenax is a spirit of
Gnosis and wisdom.

Material Correspondences: Shiafleenax appears at the
end of dreamauests, or comes unexpectedly into the Garou's
sleep. She can sometimes be found in the Umbra near the
Legendary Realm. To summon Shiafleenax, it is best to sleep
underthe light of the new moon and muse over unanswerable
riddles. She will never willingly enter a fetish.

Gift Lore: All Gifts taught by a Dream-spirit; knowl-
edge or Gnosis Gifts

Taboos: Shiafleenax cannot answer questions of proph-
ecy; this power lay in the secret of her lute. When the First
People took her instrument, she lost this gift forever. She
cansee the furure but cannot speak it.

ccm a) I of LANDA TIAL EY CE A IES

She had attempted in vain to save the First People
before the third string was struck. Banished to the realm of
sleep and her speech in disarray, she appeared in the sleep
of the entire race, pointing in dread to the sea. Upon
waking the First People went out and beheld a beautiful
sunrise over the silent waters, a sign they took as a good
omen. The king struck the third string and the First City
was swallowed forever. One of her faces looks behind to
the vanished city in sorrow and one looks ahead to the
unnameable future. The hopes of childhood awaken her.

Attitude: Friendly to all tribes save Black Spiral Dancers.

Chiminage: It is best to request her aid at the end of a
dreamquest. After conversing in a disjointed fashion she
will slic her. atts and green liquid will sputter out. Upon
drinking i¢ the Garou will regain two temporary Gnosis.
Afterthe Garou has taken from her dream essence she will
break from her feet and fly off, bursting into a blue fire and
falling as dying sparks from the air.

In return for her dream blood Shiafleenax will request
that the Garou sacrifice a dream to Gaia. Due to her unique
nature, it is difficult to state whether she is a single spirit or
a class of spirits. She always appears as a solitary figure, yet
two may dream of encountering her simultaneously.

The Sekrana

Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Willpower 7, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Healing

Image: The Sekrana spirits resemble praying mantises
of human size garbed in flowing robes. Their head pieces
match the red hats of cardinals.

History: It is unknown exactly what created the
Sekraria, and they are somewhat embarrassed to explain
their origins, finding the question rude.

"Must an origin be postulated?" one told Medea Moon-
Daughter of the Black Furies. "Very well, we are the
splinter of a splinter of the great trickster's nightmare,
when he contemplated religion and rationality. And your
own line of descent, evolution-wise? No doubt related to
the canines of the Miocene Epoch, with a dash of Sapiens
thrown in? Family reunions must be quite trying." The
Sekrana very much resent the rumor that they are prod-
ucts of a delusional Stargazer's vision granted life in the
ephemeral domains of the Umbra.

At one time many Sekrana were destroyed by the
Ananasi, who warred with them when the Weaver went
mad. Many of The Ananasi now serve the Wyld and the
Wyrm, but the Sekrana do not forget the destruction done
to their original home, closer to the Dream Zone.

Habitat: The habitat of the Sekrana is a small domain
found off the moon paths leading toward the Flux Realm.
They describe it as "The last safe place." They tend toa
great garden maze in the midst of their domain while the
outer borders resemble a chaotic changing landscape
reminiscent ofa Surrealist's painting. Tears drip from trees
and great shapes fold and unfold.

148 Axis Mundi

0 OE EP TT iia //,


Within the garden — named Gwerronage — all is
order. Here Sekrana walk about musing over mathemati-
caland philosophical quandaries. ("Ifan intelligent insect
race encountered a small mammal, would their imagina-
tions postulate the existence of Garou?") Within the vast
mazes are fountains, places to sit and chessboards set on
tables, where Sekrana wait for a challenge. At certain
times, known only to the Sekrana, they leave their small
domain and go toa destination known only to themselves.
Occasionally they can be spotted in other areas of the
Umbra, but they never visit the Weaver realms.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Sekrana do not eas-
ily fall into any category but do possess wisdom, cunning
and Gnosis.

Material Correspondences: To invoke or bind the
Sekrana, one must create a chess board from stones and
pieces from wood. This should be done when the moon
paths are strongest. The Sekrana are addicted to chess,
although nobody knows who taught them this game. They
can be bound into the wooden chess pieces, but the Rite
of the Fetish must be followed. They avoid technological
fetishes.

Gift Lore: All Gifts that involve spirit communica-
tion, Gnosis and wisdom; also insect Gifts.

Taboos: The Sekrana do not fear the Wyrm, as they
believe entropy is the natural order of things. They will
not serve the Weaver and they are wary of her servants.
They dread that knowledge and philosophy may become
artificially bound up and paralyzed in her webs of madness.
They fear becoming trapped in Weaver-fetishes.

If a Sekrana is trapped in a technology fetish, it can be
released, with considerable embarrassment to the enig-
matic spirit. The liberating Garou must follow the laws of
formal logic, presenting an explanation why it is impos-
sible to be in the fetish. A simple version might run, "The
Sekrana do not serve the Weaver. The Weaver can make
Weaver fetishes, but a Sekrana would not be bound in a
Weaver fetish." Informal logic can do also, as long as the
explanation sounds plausible.

Attitude: Friendly to Stargazers, Neutral to other tribes
(including Black Spiral Dancers) but Neutral to Hostile to
Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers, judging them on an
individual basis.

Chiminage: The Sekrana require that those who gather
Gnosis or learn Gifts from them actively preserve their
own cultural traditions for the future. "It is apparent that
you Lupines need culture," they will say. "Your crude tales
and songs are barbaric, but ah, it's a start... Homer before
Tolstoy and all that." They are kind but patronizing,
tending toward an elitist view of themselves.

The Sekrana will respectfully ask the Garou to play a game
with them (chess, riddle games, games of odd chance and
strategy). If the Garou wins (questioner's Wits + Enigmas
resisted by the Sekrana's Gnosis), the spirit will teach the
Garou a Gift. In the rarest of instances one will allow the

Chapter Five: The Others

as eile //

cee DA of AMDT EP CO PR IE

Garou to devour one of its arms or even its entire spirit to gain
apoint of Intelligence and two Gnosis. The taste of a Sekrana
is somewhat acidic, but they go down well.

Garou should be respectful to the Sekrana. Even if the
Sekrana are not helpful, meditating in the garden for an
hour can bring back a Gnosis point by rolling Wits +
Enigmas (difficulty 7). Spirit Speech is useful in gaining
the favor of the Sekrana, but they will deign to talk down
to visitors in a common tongue.

Releasing a Sekrana from a fetish brings 2 Honor.
Englings
The Deer of Cernunnos

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 7, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Forest Sense, Heal-
ing, Reform

Image: The Deer of Cernunnos are noble spirits, white
as the first snow upon the earth. A faint light glows about
them. There are about a half-dozen in a herd. The eyes of
these spirits are sensitive and betray a great intelligence.

History: The Deer of Cernunnos were created by Gaia as a
gift to the Garou. They are known to the Wendigo and Uktena
as the Jek-Kookan and to the Get of Fenrisas the Kerdh-Dhue.

It is told that Aghwilkwo Wind-Moon, one of the
earliest Garou, was hungry duringa fierce winter. Aghwilkwo
spotted two fawns and slaughtered them, stripping their
hides off and taking their bodies to his hungry tribe. In his
haste to get food for his people he forgot to thank Gaia for
the gift. He left their hides in the reddened snow. After
sharing his meal Aghwilkwo returned to the spot where he
had brought the deer low, hoping to find more hoofprints to
follow. Instead he found a spirit in the shape of a horned
man, carrying the hides of the two fawn. The hides cried out
that Aghwilkwo had slaughtered them without thanks to
Gaia. The horned man halted the Garou.

"Ts it true that you did not offer thanks for their gift of
food?" the man asked.

"Tt is true," Aghwilkwo said ashamedly. "In my hunger
1 forgot."

"Fawns are no challenge to such a hunter as you" the
horned man replied. Before Aghwilkwo, the horned man
became a great stag and gouged Aghwilkwo with his antlers.
Again the snow became red. Then with a swift bound, the
stag was off with Aghwilkwo following. For three nights the
great stag outran him. Finally, under the light of the full
moon, Aghwilkwo brought the stag low. This time he
thanked Gaia and stripped the hide off the meat. The
discarded hide took the form of the horned spirit.

"Remember always to thank those you bring low,"
warned the spirit. "If you pledge this, Aghwilkwo, I will
allow you at times to chase my herd, the spirit deer who run
between the worlds." Three times Aghwilkwo thanked
the spirit (which some name Kergheist and the Fianna

149


now call Cernunnos). Ever after the Garou were allowed
to hunt the spirit deer on ceremonial occasions. But
Aghwilkwo's wounds never healed, that the pain would be
a reminder always that he broke faith with Gaia.

Habitat: These spirit deer roam the night glens and
woods of the Legendary Realm and the Ancestral Home-
lands of the Umbra. Some believe they originate from a
pocket domain near the Summer Country, where they are
often found. In ancient times the Fianna and Sidhe
hunted the deer together.

They are called at times of great ceremony. After a
moot, the hunt will begin. The spirit deer will be given a
set time for a head start. Then the Garou will follow,
reveling in the primal chase. The hunt can last hours into
the night. An entire sept can regain all lost Gnosis by
partaking of the sacrificial meal afterward.

Spiritual Correspondence: The Deer of Cernunnos are
sacramental spirits of Gnosis.

Material Correspondence: Usually these spirits are
called down by a Theurge or Philodox after a moot near
the caern. Fresh water from the first snow of winter is
sprinkled, and songs of thanks are offered to Gaia. The
spirits appear after a successful Wits + Rituals roll (diffi-
culty 9 on earth, 7 in various Umbral Realms). It is possible
to place one ina fetish, but the spirit will resist and attack
if the ritemaster botches the Rite of the Fetish.

Gift Lore: Gifts of camouflage and tracking

Taboos: These spirits cannot be hunted in Bane-in-
fected areas or Weaver regions. If a Deer leaves a Wyld
area during the hunt, it will fall into Slumber or even
perish. Purified water can awaken them. The chase must
occur during the full moon. If one is brought down and no
thanks are given, the spirit may perish permanently. In
such a case, the hunter loses 2 Gnosis.

Attitude: Friendly to all tribes save Bone Gnawers and
Glass Walkers, with whom they are neutral.

Chiminage: These spirits can be actively summoned
only by offering thanks to Gaia. When one of the deer
teaches a Gift, she will demand that the Garou actively do
something in defense of Gaia. It is believed that the deer
reform in the Umbra after a ritual feast.

Epiphlings

So we find, in certain cases like these, that the name of the
Form is eternally applicable not only to the Form itself, but also
to something else, which is not the Form but invariably pos-
sesses its distinguishing characteristic.

—~ Socrates, as written by Plato in Phaedo

Epiphlings are spirits which embody philosophical
ideas, such as Courage, War, Death, Love, Pain and so
on. The history of the Epiphlings is shrouded in legend.
Most Garou think that speculation on these spirits is
useless, so most Epiphling lore comes from the Stargazers
and human mage Traditions.

ccm aD A gf IMENT TAT PE CE

Oral tradition states that the Epiphlings, in their pristine
form, dwell in the Middle Umbra. Most Stargazers hold that
the Epiphlings were ideas which fell or emanated down from
The Astral Umbra, withsome claiming that they were the pure
thought of Gaia or the Triat before Corruption began. Others
say that the Epiphlings are the offspring of Garou thought and
feeling, slowly gathering in the Middle Umbra from individual
Garou emanations. Like smoke formed from a thousand indi-
vidual fires, these spirits grew from the conceptions of many
Garou. Finally they were powerful enough to form into indi-
vidualized spirits embodying various ideas.

Garou society is still extremely tradition oriented. A belief
in undying and unchanging concepts such as Honor, Cour-
age and War permeated Garou thought on such matters
(Glass Walker thought, influenced by the human environ-
ment of the city, being a notable exception). These
conceptions go beyond the world of mutable speech and into
a realm of unchanging Truth, where the summation of all
these conceptions lie. Thus, Courage as an Epiphling incor-
porates many ideas of Courage.

The Epiphlings that most Garou encounter are, some
hold, mere shadowy reflections of some great powers so
mighty that they subvert all nearby emotions with their
very presence. These theoretical Great Epiphlings have
never been seen the Middle Umbra. Some say the Garou
meeting one would temporarily lose any sense of individual
identity and be infused and consumed by the pure idea.

It is said that a few Stargazers have entered the Epiphling
Domains of the Middle Umbra after years of study and
purification exercises, but these stories are no more than
legends. Only one Stargazer, Siva River-Crosser, is said to
have returned. The other Garou sought to merge with the
higher ideas out of devotional acts of love, and to thereby end
their individual existence.

The following Epiphlings are more specialized than most.
Generally, an Epiphling has no sense of personal identity over
and above the concept which they represent. These, however,
have a strong individuality and are therefore noteworthy as
examples of how specific a concept's offspring can become.
(Anexample of general Epiphlings, the Pain-spirits, are found
in Chapter Three, in the brood of Grandfather Thunder.)

Death
The Maidens of Styx

Rage 4, Gnosis 17, Willpower 7, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Freeze, Shapeshift, Tracking

Image: In Death's pocket domain in the Near Umbra
the Maidens of Styx are attired in long rich robes with
hoods. All are masked; many prefer crow, jackal and skull
masks. Their specific appearance depends on the cultural
traditions of the viewer. The more powerful among them
resemble Renaissance princesses in manners and dress,
holding a carnival black wolf mask which conceals their
faces. While the masks appear to be in use for festive

150 Axis Mundi

OFA ET Es TR enter //

|


cm I of Bh

occasions, and their attire suggests carnival, the Maidens
of Styx are solemn spirits. They use words sparingly, and
when together speak as one. Their love of carnival does
not open them up to long conversation.

History: Death awoke in the Dawn Time. Some
claim Death was the gift of Gaia to life, lest her children
grow weary. Others state that Death was given by the
original uncorrupted Wyrm. Whatever the source, its
duty was to check the designs of the Weaver and the
Wyld and hold all things in balance.

Death was not corrupted when the Wyrm fell into
Weaver's madness (some use this as evidence that Death
was not from the Wyrm but Gaia). Also, Death was
present before the Gauntlet, although its nature was
more understood in the Legendary Time.

The Silent Striders maintain that the one of the first
servants of Death was Meskhenet, a female Silent
Strider. So beloved was she by the Great Epiphling that
he called her to him and she willingly came, merging
her essence into his. The Wendigo mention the spirits
called the Crows of Woyahcho, who left when they
heard of a land where Death did not dwell and never
returned. The Maidens of Styx came in the time be-
tween legendary and recorded history. They built their
Umbral keep over the adobe necropolis of the Crows.
The Maidens are more social than their predecessors,
who kept things simple and formal.

Some Theurges and Silent Striders hold that the
gateways to Death are many and that there is constant
traffic to and from this Epiph Domain. "In my father's
house are many sepulchers," runs one Strider saying.

Habitat: The domain of the Maidens of Styx can be
reached through the cave labyrinths in the Near Realm
of the Abyss. Their domain is a tetrahedral planetoid.
A river divides the misted half from the visible half. On
the visible half are desert lands where an intense
necropolis looms. The foundation layer of the city is
reminiscent of ancient Egypt. Grafted above these stone
works are silent adobe buildings. Towering over them is
amighty Gothic fortress, Melha Medhyo, where strange
statues stare gloomily. All is silent; the smell and feel of
death permeates everything.

Perception twists within the massive keep of Melha
Medhyo. Stairways lead up into ceilings and the law of
gravity favors all locations, so that there is no center. A
black and white checkerboard pattern covers all angles
until maddening shapes spiral into infinity. The Maidens
of Styx approach from all directions, descending or
ascending stairways to welcome visitors.

Nearby, a narrow spot exists across the River of Life
and Death. Here the spirits of the recently dead can be
called and talk to the living, although neither living nor
dead can cross the river. Many a departed packmate has
revealed important information to the living here.

hy Spiritual Correspondences: The Maidens of Styx are
spirits of Death.

Wf a) Ch ee

Material Correspondences: The Maidens of Styx
can be summoned by the proper incantations, known
only to a few Silent Striders and Theurges. The
summoner must place coins from a dead person's eyes
(or some similar possession of the dead) and the
ground bones of an ancestor in a circle while inton-
ing the litany. This process takes the better part of a
day. The Maidens can be bound into Death Dust, as
well as war fetishes.

Gift Lore: All Gifts that involve tracking, spirit
communication and injury to enemies.

Taboos: The bearer of a fetish containing a Maiden
cannot aid in the healing of any of the Garou or their
allies. Legends tell of the Fianna Ragabash, Raghnall
Dream Rhymer, who used a death fetish to summon his
kinfolk lover, Eavan the Fair, back to life. The fetish
broke and a dark doom was placed on Eavan — some say
she became the first Styx Maiden. Since then the
Maidens have gone hooded and masked to hide their
shame. They may never let the waters of life flow in
reverse. To awaken a Maiden from Slumber, one must
sprinkle the hopes of the living upon her.

Attitude: Friendly to Silent Striders; strictly neutral
to all other Garou.

Chiminage: The Maidens of Styx will require a
major quest from anyone who requests their services or
places them in a fetish. This quest usually entails free-
ing a being who is "trapped" when they should be
allowed to pass on to the next realm. This can mean
anything from releasing a spirit from bondage to track-
ing down and slaying a Gangrel vampire who defies
nature's cycle. These missions are never arbitrary, and
they always serve a greater purpose.

Upon approaching the Maidens of Styx, one must
look down and not meet their gaze. They require re-
spect and deference. Veiled threats will only ensure
that they will not aid the supplicant.

Wher
Dags of Tir

Rage 9, Gnosis 5, Willpower 9, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Lightning Bolts, Materi-
alize (Power cost 21, Str 5, Dex 4, Sta 5, Brawl 3, Str + 2
Weaponry [Bite or Silver Sword], 8 Health Levels)‘,
Tracking, Updraft

+When Materialized, these spirits can attack with the ma-
neuvers Fur Gnarl and Jaw Lock (Werewolf, pages 233-234).

Image: The Dogs of War are both Dog-spirits (resem-
bling Irish wolfhounds) clad in protective plate armor and
human-shaped spirits wearing plate and chain mail, bar-
ing double-edged swords and wearing visors cast in fierce
canine visage. Both types travel together in parties of
about a ubant orewo, with eyuel comers of bout corns:


History: The Dogs of War originated after strife was
first unleashed in the world, long before the Gauntlet
split the spirit and physical worlds asunder. It is said
that Strife came before War, and that the spirits which
comprise the Dogs of War had previously served Strife
in individual capacities. War, being a communal affair,
brought these spirits under one banner. Ironically, it
was an early Stargazer, Lakbyt East Wind, who first
called upon War-spirits to give aid to the Garou. After
a life of promoting unity and contemplation, Lakbyt
saw the necessity and change involved in conflict. He
called upon the War-spirits, crying, "Your spirit aid is
needed, although we only war when we go mad, and
then come tears for fallen comrades."

The Dogs of War serve a mighty Jaggling named
Wersda. Wersda wears a horned iron helmet overlaid
with engraved bronze, and his body is covered in chain
mail. He possesses all the Charms above with the
addition of Create Fires, Frozen Breath and Incite
Frenzy. Wersda has a Power of 90, and is only encoun-
tered in his Umbral abode.

Habitat: The Dogs live in a small domain in the Near
Umbra, accessible through the Flux Realm. It is a dim
place, lit only by raging fires. Wersda's tower stands here,
overlooking a desolate moor. Here spirits emerge from
ephemeral lakes and do battle, returning in death to the
waters which created them. Garou are not encouraged to
stay long; the War-spirits of the realm look for any excuse
to battle. Garou may parley with Wersda or summon the
Dogs of War with greater success here. On earth, they are
often summoned near caerns in times of strife.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Dogs of War are
servants of war and all manner of bloodshed.

Material Correspondences: The supplicant must
grind an enemy's bones into fine dust, then sacrifice the
dust to the west wind during a night of the full moon.
Only then will the Dogs of War come. A Dog of War
can be hound into a fetish such as a Fang Dagger, klaive
or Bane Arrow.

Gift Lore: All Gifts that increase the chances of
victory in battle.

Taboos: The Dogs of War cannot attack any Gurahl.
They aided the Garou with devastating effect against
the werebears during the War of Rage. At this time,
agents of the Wyrm attempted to sway the Gurahl
against Gaia and the Garou. The Gurahl refused, and
Gaia blessed their loyalty by ordering the Garou's War-
spirit allies to abandon the war. If the Dogs of War
break this ancient vow, they and their entire pack are
forced into immediate Slumber.

A Slumbering War-spirit can be released by tales of
ancestral valor.

Attitude: Friendly to Get of Fenris, Wendigo, Shadow
Lords, Silver Fangs, Black Furies and Bone Gnawers;
neutral to all other tribes.

Chapter Five: The Others

Y APOE. Ps ET DL TR eee //,

Chiminage: The Dogs of War should be approached
without fear, and told what is required of them in plain
speech. About one in 10 Dogs can speak the Garou
tongue. These spirits will request that the Garou aid
another pack or tribe in a struggle or bring a powerful
weapon to a weak sept. Those who successfully com-
plete the task gain 2 temporary Honor. If hound into a
fetish, a Dog will request that the individual Garou aid
the Gurahl always.

Courage
The Bhelwer (Singular: Bhelwi)

Rage 10, Gnosis 7, Willpower 5, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Blast Flame, Cleanse
the Blight, Create Wind, Materialize, Open Moon
Bridge, Shapeshift, Tracking

Image: The Bhelwer appear most often as noble
wolves and Garou, prepared for battle. Their eyes show
no fear. Those who have encountered the Bhelwer say
that they resemble the primal Garou before the tribes
split, such as are only found in ancestral memory or the
Umbra realm of Pangea. The Bhelwer may carry weap-
ons, preferring swords, bows and spears. At times they
have been known to take the shape of eagles.

History: Some argue that the Bhelwer are the oldest
of the Epiphlings to encounter the Garou. Others main-
tain that they dwelled in all Garou hearts until the
Gauntlet separated the physical world from the spiri-
tual one. The Uktena hold that Coyote gave them to
the Garou after giving the other shapeshifters many
gifts. "You can give the Garou one gift," the other
shapeshifters said, jealous of the power of the Garou.
When Coyote gave them the Bhelwer to guide them to
courage, the other skinchangers scattered, realizing
that courage was the most potent gift of all. Without
fear, the Garou were invincible.

Called upon frequently, the Bhelwer aid individual
Garou or small groups against overwhelming odds.
They are common spirits, even in the modern day.

Habitat: The pocket realm of the Bhelwer can be
accessed through the Umbra realm of Pangea, where an
ancient redwood stands. Lightning has hollowed the
base of the tree, and entering the hollow leads to the
Bhelwer. Their realm is filled with craggy mountains
and deep forests, surrounded by waters which flow
reverse in the cast and down in the west. The spirits
who dwell here encourage combat; curiously, this is also
a place of reflection where one can face past fears
calmly. The Bhelwer can bring give a Garou's fears
material form here when they feel it will help her
overcome a character flaw.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Bhelwer are
Courage-spirits.

153


Material Correspondences: The summoner must
find a secluded place near a river or large body of
water and place various artifacts from a recent vic-
tory facing the water. If the rite is successful, a Bhelwi
will gradually take shape out of the water. These
spirits often demand a blood oath with the sum-
moner, binding cut arms or drinking each other's
blood from a chalice. Like the Englings, something is
passed from the spirit in the exchange. (The Garou
may, at the Storyteller's option, recover lost Will-
power from the Bhelwi's blood.)

Gift Lore: All Gifts taught by Wolf-spirits, as well
as Gifts of tracking and war.

Taboos: The Bhelwer will intentionally not aid
in any situation where an attack on a lone and weak
foe is contemplated. They have been tricked before,
but never twice. (A Shadow Lord Ahroun once
called on Bhelwer aid to break into a Black Spiral
Dancer Hive. When there, he slew defenseless pris-
oners in a rage. Naturally, the Bhelwer fell into
Slumber, abandoning him.) Awakening these spir-
its from Slumber involves the offering of one's
blood to the earth.

Attitude: Friendly to all tribes.

Chiminage: A Bhelwi will request a point of Gnosis
for being placed into a fetish. After teaching Gifts, it
will demand that the student aid the weak in their
tribe and perform a brave deed worthy of song.

A summoner must boldly confront these spirits
with what is needed, looking them in the eye. They
use words sparingly and dislike verbosity, unless en-
countered in the Umbra.

The Swarm of Envy

Rage 10, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Power 25

Note: The Swarm is not always obvious, and
attacked victims must roll Perception to even hear
the wings. Those stung by Envy must roll their
Willpower. Failing this roll, the Garou will experi-
ence a flood of envy toward others. After five or
more successful stings, the Garou will openly insult,
attack or take the object of her envy. The object
may not be what the summoner wants. Hoping for
two enemies to fall into battle, he may find instead
an attack to get his klaive. The swarm leaves after
an initial attack.

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Open Moon
Bridge, Reform, Shatter Glass, Tracking

Image: The Swarm of Envy is invisible, except when
struck by moonlight. They are large, wasp-shaped spir-
its with huge stingers. They travel in swarms of 15-20.
In the Umbra they have been encountered in clouds of

up to LOO.

Axis Mundi

History: Envy is older even than Strife and War.
Legends hold that the Dawn Garou gathered in
council under their leader. A great bird, the color of
midnight, came and landed, changing into a Celestine
in wolf form. "I have two gifts for you," she said and
handed the leadera klaive fetish which bound a spirit
of the hunt. All admired the klaive.

Next, she tossed a bee hive into their midst and a
cloud of stinging wasp spirits emerged. AJ] were stung
save the leader. Then the Garou looked on his gift
with envy and muttered among themselves. "The
second gift is a perilous one," he told the Celestine,
and then called to his people. "At the next moot I
shall give the klaive to the one who performs the
bravest deed." This was a wise move, for out of envy
the Garou engaged in competition.

Envy was always seen asa strange gift. It could spur
some on to do better in the highly competitive Garou
society. Others fell to backbiting and murder under
the sting's influence. The Swarm of Envy has re-
mained with the Garou to this day. Not always
controlled, they appear quite frequently. Although
Epiphlings, they share an affinity with earthly wasps
and bees.

Habitat: Their queen hive borders the Epiph Do-
main of War. Swarms of these spirits have found their
way to other Umbral realms. Uncontrolled, they
have migrated to the Legendary Realm and various
Wyrm and Weaver domains. They are not to be
found in the Summer Country and few reports of
them come from Pangea. All reports of them confirm
that they arrive at times unexpectedly, spreading
havoc. Once summoned, the results of their stings
are not always predictable, making them a dangerous
tool indeed.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Swarm are spir-
its of Envy.

Material Correspondences: A litany of abuses
suffered by the individual or tribe must be shouted
down an empty ravine or canyon until the echoes
return the cry. A small object representing the
target of the swarm should also be present. When
the echoes reach a loud pitch, the Swarm is not
far off.

Note: Garou hate to admit that they call upon
these spirits. It is something to be done alone
unless in a grave situation. It is genuinely felt that
the Swarm is the plaything of petty Garou. One's
Renown suffers if summoning the Swarm is discov-
ered. At times of tribal war, however, the situation
may call for their use.

Gift Lore: The Swarm can teach lore involving
trickery, harm and insect Gifts.

|


Taboos: They will not attack during the full
moon. Luna hates the Swarm, and Her full light
weakens them. The Swarm tried to stir up discord
between Gaia and Luna in the ancient times to no
avail, and in response Luna caused Her light to
display envy visibly. Under the full moon, they will
burn up into nonexistence if they actively seek to
answer a summons.

Attitude: Friendly to Shadow Lords and Bone
Gnawers, hostile to all others.

Chapter Five: The Others

cee 1 oO AON TAT PY CE AR IE

Chiminage: A Garou who calls upon the Swarm will
he asked to compose a satirical tale or song deflating a
friendly ally of the tribe and tell it once. From there it
will take on a life of its own. If asked to enter a fetish,
they will request that one aid the machinations of a
lesser pack member. They can be placed in war fetishes
but will actively resist other kinds. Garou should tell
the Swarm what they desire but keep a respectful
distance; these spirits attack when one gets too close.
Although Gafflings, they understand orders.

0 PELE Ps ET LR nieentemey //,

155


¢ Access Caern: Spirits may usually not access caerns
from the Umbra. This Charm allows the spirit to access the
fundamental nature of the caern (e.g., Wisdom, Enigmas,
etc.) to facilitate other Charms. The Firebirds (see Falcon's
Brood) use this Charm to remotely access their Light Web
through Wisdom and Enigma caerns. Power cost is six.

¢ Acquisition: This Charm allows a spirit to "borrow" a
small item from the material world. If the spirit successfully
rolls her Gnosis, she may choose to acquire an item near her.
The object disappears from the material world and appears
fully in the Umbra. At the end of the scene, the object
returns to the physical world. [f the object is moved (or
hidden) in the Penumbra while the Charm is in effect, it
will reappear in the corresponding place in the physical
world. (Note that the spirit might be able to Reform
somewhere else and take the object far away!) The ability
only works on inanimate objects no larger than a suitcase.
The Power cost depends on the size of the object acquired:
A handful of coins or a stack of dollar bills costs one Power,
anything the size ofa hat costs two and a suitcase costs three.

156

Axis Mundi

¢ Agony: The spirit can attempt to incapacitate a
creature by magnifying its pain. The creature incurs double
the Dice Pool penalties from its wounds. If the target
attempts to take an action with a Dice Pool smaller than
this penalty, he or she must burn a Willpower point to
make the attempt. Even simple actions can take great
effort while this Charm is in effect. Since this is a combat
ability, the duration is one round. The Power cost is three.

¢ Appear: With this Charm, a spirit may manifest in
front of a mortal observer without assuming material form.
The spirit cannot, however, affect the material world in
any way while using this Charm. Each use costs five Power.

¢ Assess Character: This Charm allows the spirit to
evaluate the general strength of character in an indi-
vidual. The spirit rolls Gnosis (difficulty 7); the number
of successes indicates how accurately it may evaluate a
subject. A Garou's moral character might be reflected in
his Nature or Renown; Storytellers should have a fairly
good feel for how noble or base any given character
(player or not) is.


—

* Blood Sucking: This Charm allows a spirit to suck
blood froma target and gain Power from it. The spirit must
enter combat with its victim, and gains one Power point
per five points of damage inflicted. If the victim is a
vampire, this damage is subtracted from Blood Points
instead of Health Levels. This Charm costs three Power.

¢ Break Wind: This Charm allows a spirit to release a
rich, pungent gas from an orifice (usually the rear one). All
who smell this (it's thick enough to be visible as a floating
cloud of roiling, greenish gas) must make a Willpower roll
or choke on it, falling to the ground or running away,
desperate for fresh air. The radius is initially 3 yards around
the spirit, and then the cloud travels windward for three
turns. If the victim is a Garou who cannot escape the area
of effect, she must roll to resist frenzy. This costs five Power.

* Call for Aid: This Charm grants the spirit the ability
to call for the aid of like spirits. The spirit makes a Will-
power roll versus a difficulty based on the likelihood of
fellow spirits being nearby (3 when spirits are within sight,
8 for common spirits in their habitat, 10 for rare spirits or
those outside their habitat). This Charm costs five Power.

© Cling: The spirit may attach itself to any target. Only
successful grappling, reducing the spirit's Power to zero, or
forcing the spirit into Slumber can remove the clinging
spirit. In order to cling to an opponent, the spirit must
make a successful attack roll. Once successful, the spirit
acts at Willpower + 5 for grappling purposes. This Charm
costs one Power.

* Crystallize: This Charm is possessed only by Crystal-
spirits. The spirit is able to transform part of a creature's
substance into crystallized matter. The spirit makes a Rage
roll against a target's Willpower. Each success inflicts one
Health Level of aggravated damage as a portion of the
target's body becomes crystalline and brittle. Garou can
attempt to soak this damage by rolling Gnosis (difficulty
6). Only the Gift: Mother's Touch or some other form of
magical healing will restore the crystallized portion of a
creature's body to its original form. Ifa target loses all of its
Health Levels to this form of attack, it becomes a crystal
statue of itself and dies unless it can be healed of at least
three Health Levels within 24 hours. Power cost is four.

* Disable: With this Charm, a spirit can temporarily
paralyze its target. The target is paralyzed for a number of
rounds equal to the successes on a roll of the spirit's Rage
the target's Stamina + 3. This Charm costs one point of
Power per a target's remaining Health Level or Power
point; the spirit must spend a minimum of 10 points.

® Dream Journey: While the target is asleep, the spirit
can intrude on his dreams. Nothing the spirit does will
carry over into the waking world, but its actions will hurt,
arouse or comfort for as long as its subject slumbers.
Although such dreams are really vivid, the sleeper may or
may not remember the visitation in the morning. Mortal
creatures may only touch the spirit by crossing into the
Dream Zone while awake. Each visitation costs 10 Power.

Appendix: New Charms

CE ee

* Ease Pain: This Charm allowsa spirit to ease a material
creature's pain for a scene; it heals no damage, but soothes
even the most terrible wounds. When the Charm fades, the
spirit can use it again, spending one Power each hour or so.
If the spirit departs, the pain returns. Power cost is one.

Field Sense: Like Forest Sense, except that the spirit
can sense all that transpires in the earthly field(s) which
make up its domain. Power cost is 10.

* Flee: This Charm effectively gives the spirit a Will-
power of 15 for use in escaping a foe; this includes any rolls
that actively give the spirit a chance to avoid the presence
of others through pacific means. This Charm costs two
points of Power per round.

© Hide: The spirit has the ability to conceal itself. An
opponent wishing to find the spirit must roll Intelligence + Wits
versus the spirit's Willpower + 5. This Charm costs 5 Power.

¢ Inner Pain: The spirit may cause a living being
intense pain. For each two points of Power spent, the
target loses one die from her Dice Pools for a turn. While
the Charm cannot inflict lasting damage, the victim will
not be able to tell the difference. If the Power spent
exceeds the victim's Stamina, she must make a Willpower
roll (difficulty 7) or fall unconscious fora turn. Even when
she awakens, she will lose two dice from all actions for the
scene's duration.

© Insight: Through this Charm, aspirit can gain insight
into any one hidden aspect of the target's self. If the spirit
chooses a specific aspect upon which to gain insight, this
ability costs 10 Power. If the spirit merely searches for the
easiest piece of insight, the Charm costs only five Power.

* Iron Will: The spirit can lock its mind upon certain
goals from which the spirit cannot stray (i.c.. guard a
location, hunt down a target or remain unpossessed.) This
Charm costs one point of Power per hour.

¢ Kindle: This Charm gives the spirit the ability to
kindle life's fragile spark wherever that potential exists.
Thus, spirits with this ability may cause seeds to germi-
nate, fertilization to occur or fruit to grow on trees. This
Charm also allows a spirit to kindle powerful emotions in
other beings. At their most powerful, these emotions can
blot out any other emotions in the target for the duration
of the Charm. Kindle costs five Power.

¢ Liquefy: The spirit, even when Materialized, may
merge its form with water, blood, oil or any other liquid
substance. This is often used if a spirit wishes to disengage
from a losing battle and does not have the Power to
Reform. The Power cost is five.

© Noxious Gas: The spirit can produce a malodorous
cloud that will linger for one scene. The size of the cloud
depends on the number of Power points spent. Anyone
breathing the fumes of the cloud must soak the damage each
turn. Ifthe amount of damage taken is higher than the target's
Stamina, she passes out. Of course, the victim can also resist
damage by holding her breath or by using winds to dissipate
the cloud. The Power cost is one per die of damage.

157


* Open Sky Bridge: Like the Charm: Open Moon
Bridge, except that it opens portals in the sky. There does
not have to be acaern present. The total distance covered
is 1000 miles. This Charm is used to travel along either
solar "roads" in the realms of the Celestine Helios, or lunar
roads in the realms overseen by the Celestine Luna. Only
those spirits associated with Helios or Luna may use this
Charm. Power cost is five.

¢ Purify: The spirit can remove toxins from physical
beings (such as Garou). The spirit spends one Power point
per Health Level to heal damage from poisons. An addi-
tional expenditure of three Power flushes the poison from
the being's system.

© Quake: The spirit can cause the ground in the physical
world which corresponds to its current Penumbral location
to rumble and shake. The Power cost is five per one-mile
radius; additionally, the spirit can increase the intensity of
the quake by spending more Power per mile.

© Scale: This Charm allows a spirit to climb on the Pattern
Web without becoming stuck, calcified or alerting Net or
Pattern Spiders to their presence. This Charm costs two Power.

* Scent of Safety: This Charm allows the spirit to
instinctively home in on the best path to the nearest sate
haven. This costs six Power.

© Suggestion: This is a lesser form of the Charm:
Corruption. The spirit can convey a sensory image and
suggest that the target pursue it. If the target resists, the
spirit rolls its Gnosis against a resisted roll of the target's
Willpower. Any sense can be used, so the target could be
asked to seek out a flashing light, a cold place, a cup of
warm tea, a patch of rabbit fur or a bottle of perfume.
Although the involuntary effect of the Charm lasts for one
scene, the target can still hold the image in his mind if he
wants to pursue it further. The Power cost is one.

¢ Throw Crystal: This charm is similar to Throw
Glass, except that the shards directed by the spirit are
made of crystal. Power cost is five.

¢ Umbrastorm: The spirit can cause a great downpour
in the surrounding Umbra. Due to the strange nature of
the Umbra, it is not always just water that falls from the
sky. The Power cost is five for a storm one mile in
diameter, with 40 m.p.h. winds. The size of the storm
increases by 10 percent, or the wind by 10 m.p.h. for each
additional two points of Power. Storms created by this
Charm last until they die down naturally.