# File: Bitter Crusade.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


AD 1202-1204

By Zacu Bush, JAMES MAuSZEWsKI
AND JOSHUA Mosqaeira Asnem


CRebITs

Authors: Zach Bush (Fiendish Winter); James
Maliszewski (Venetian Nights, Dying Embers), Joshua
Mosqueira Asheim (Come to Dust)

Developer: Philippe R. Boulle

Editor: Carl Bowen

Art Director: Becky Jollensten

Layout & Typesetting: Becky Jollensten

Interior Art: John Cobb, Eric Hotz, Rik Martin and
Steve Prescott

Cartography: Conan Venus

Front Cover Art: Brian LeBlanc

Front & Back Cover Design: Becky Jollensten,

Scanned by Otha.

Edited by Ivan Krenyenko.
Released for rpgbookz'n'scans.
Join us at rpgbookz.dyndns.org

: ©2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro:

La Py 735 PARK NORTH BLVD. duction without the written permission of the publisher is expressly

Dae forbidden, except forthe purposes of reviews, and for blank character

SUITE 28 sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,

Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage

GLARKSTON, GA 30021 cnc"Ascension, World of Darkness and: Aberrant are registered

Sh trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved

Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the

PUBLISHING Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage

the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Bitver Crusade, Clanbook Nosferatu, Constantinople

by Night, Three Pillars, Transylvania by Night, Transylvania Chronicles, Transylvania Chronicles 1 Dark

Tides Rising and Wolves of the Sea are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is nota challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

Thisbook uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes, All mystical and supematural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only, This book contains mature content, Reader
diseretion is advised.

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454- WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

heep:/fwww.white-wolf.com alt. games,whitewolf and ree.games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION: INNOCENCE AND FOLLY
JENETIAN NIGHTS,
TENDISH WINTER
YING EMBERS
Cuaprer Four: DRAMATIS PERSONAE
Appenprx: Come to Dust



introduction:
Innocence
and Folly

Y! voill hace
Ky matter in the preserice of the Dreadful y?
(\|| Judge on the Last Day of ;
ment, |
-Pope Jnnocent F337, af the Sourth Vi
Lateran Council

,
;
a


WHAT IS Brrrer
CRUSADE?

Bitter Crusade is a chronicle that details one of the
great transforming moments for the supposed lords of the
Long Night. Ir sees the end of that time of unchallenged
rule and sets the stage for a more violent and uncertain
time. Forcenturies, vampires haveclutched totheirprince-
cloms and played petty games. Hidden elders have fought,
the War of Ages in agonizingly slow moves and counter-
moves, and the young have chaffed under their rule, Ithas
been a long and stifling night.

Now, that night is about to end. As mortals continue
tostirthemselves conew heightsof violence and ambition,
the children of the night have to pay attention. The fact
that they do not costs them all greatly as the furies of
crusade and religious hatred set Constantinople alight.
That queen of cities — where Cainites were said to rule
uncontested, and the Toreador Methuselah Michael has
ruled for nigh on a millennium — comes crashing down,
and even the greatest vampiric lords suffer for it.

The message is clear: A time of reckoning is coming,
andeven the most powerful are vulnerable. Bitter Crusade
gives you the chance to be center stage for it all and shape
the course of the Dark Medieval world itself.

THEMES AND Moop

Each story in Bitter Crusade highlights its own themes
and uses its own mood, but the chronicle as a whole is about
ambitionandchaos. The mortal crusade isall about unfettered
ambitions — those of the pope to do what his predecessors
could not and supplant the power of kings; those of the
Venetianstobecome the greatest powerin the Mediterranean;
those ofa Byzantine imperial nephew togain the purple mantle
cof emperor — and the terible cost each must pay for those
ambitions. fanything, vampiresare more ambitiousand blind
to the costs of those ambitions. In Bitter Crusade we see a
Methuselah's ambition to bea god, theambitions of Christian
vampires to exterminate their Muslim brothers, the ambitions
of the Venetian Nanes to avenge long-ago Byzantine slits
and many more

All this hunger for power and glory comes together in
unprecedented chaos. Crusaderssack Christian cities. Vam-
pires thought to be immortal meet their Final Deaths.
Dreams of greatness rum to ashes. Every time vampires
think that they've gained control over the mortals and
their holy war, they lose it again.

OuTuiNeE

Bitter Crusade comprises three key stories that follow
the major events of the Fourth Crusade. If you plan to use
this book as the backbone for a full chronicle, you can add
your own stories between and around these key points. The

BITTER CRUSADE

‘Appendix provides ways to do just chat. If you wane to
Bitter Crusade asamini-chronicle oranewchaprerin your
‘ongoing chronicle, then youcan run thestories basically as
they are.

‘Chapter One: Venetian Nights finds mortal crusaders
and vampiricenvoys gatheringin Venice in 1202 todecide
‘on the course of the Fourth Crusade. The coterie becomes
involved in a series of intrigues that reveals that many
agendas have come together to influence the crusade. The
characters become the (possibly unwilling) allies of Narses,
the local prince and head of the Cainite Heresy, but the
army of Christ heads off on its own.

Chapter Two: Fiendish Winter sees the crusade
and the corerie — arrive in the Dalmatian city of Zara.
Having come to put this rival of Venice in its place, things
getout of hand rapidly, and the crusaders must winter there
before heading on in 1203. The coterie becomes involved
inthe conflicts between Tzimisce,and itservesastheenvoy
of the Zarayan prince to a Transylvanian land hold. In
performing this duty, they receive the dubious aid of a
Byzantine vampire named Myca Vykos.

Chapter Three: Dying Embers sees the crusade at
Constantinople in 1204. Having agreed to set up a pre-
tender on the Byzantine throne, the Franks have become:
restless, As promisesare broken and insults are made, things
become violent, and soon the crusaclers are sacking one of
the jewels of Christendom. For the coterie and the as-
sembled vampires, a time of apocalypse has come. Fires lick
havens, and the great are brought low. In the middle of al
this chaos, the characters become involved in the final
nights of the Methuselah Michael.

Chapter Four: Dramatis Personae details the various
characters who are involved in Bitter Crusade. Ie provides
game statistics for those whom the players' characters will
interact with most closely.

Appendix: Come to Dust provides storytelling advice
andoptionsfor the entire chronicle, from waysto introduce
characters to the crusade to possible stories to tell between
the major chapters. It also looks at the after-effects of the
Bitter Crusade on the vampiric world and possible ways to
continue the chronicle.

Famous AND INFAMOUS

Bitter Crusade brings together many of the movers
and shakers of the Long Night. Powerful vampires clash in
this cataclysmic battle, and several young but key Cainites,
have roles to play. The players' characters are the most
important of these Cainites, but some of the othersinclude:

«Fatima al-Fagadi: A skilled Assamite assassin, she
hheads to Venice to counter several hidden agendas. The
coterie may or may not get in her way.

* Lucita of Aragon: This Lasombra neonate is in
Veniceas partof the Amici Noctis delegation that isarguing


crusade to hit the Holy Land. She becomes a quiet
the characters
* Michael the Patriarch: The mad, glorious
weeks to as
cend to the godhood that he decided long ago was his due
The fact that a chaos of flames will result bothers him not
inthe least
arses of Ver
destroy the Dreamof
tousup the Fourth C
help him do so.
* Myca Vykoss This
sie, Spmech, fom che madviensof the Oberns lead,
Gesu he uses the players' characters to help him.

THE FOURTH
CRUSADE

Bitter Crusade is all about the interplay between a
‘major mortal event (the Fourth Crusade) and the agendas
of various Cainite factions. But even without the interven-

mn of the Damned and their War of Ages, the Fourth
Crusade isa tangled skein of conflicting ambitions, com-
mercial interestsandreligiousfervor: The ollowingchapters
unveil the vampiric events occurring behind the scenes,
but it' critical to understand the mortal events as well. In
fact, much of the chaos of Bitter Crusade occurs because

inites do not pay enough attention to the actions and
desires of the kine.

e: The Archbishop of Nod se
thael the Patriarch, andh
ssade todo so. The coterie may

Source
Medieval history is @ broad topic, and there is
hardlyadearth ofliterature on the subject. Storytell-
cers of any experience level can benefit from doi
come "extracredit" reading, and the fe
below can get you started. They all served in the
lopment of Bitter Crusade.
onwich, John Juli antivom: The
and Fall (Viking).
Quéller, Donald E. and Thor
Fourth Crusade: The Congu
ion. (University of Pe
n, The Crusade

source

ORIGINS

The Fourth Crusade was ultimately an utter debacle in
terms of advancing the Christian cause in the Holy Land,
cercise in Venetian and Frankish political
and economic expansion, draped in the crusader's cross.
The fact that it did so isa testament to the contradictions
and travails of the previous crusades and the
politics of the beginning of the 13th centut
desperation and cold-hearted political savvy combined
with crusading fervor to make fora war for Christ that never
left Christian lands.

HArTIN AND THE THIRD CRUSADE
1m of Jerusalem fell toSalah al-Din in 1187
ited the Christian forces at Hattin. This loss
eras far as the crusading cause was concemed,
a reversal ofall the hard-won victories ofthe First
Anew and massive effort was called to retake the
\d restore the Kingdom proper. Of
course, from a Muslim perspective, Salah al-Din's victory
was altogether proper, since it restored Palestine to Islam
and avenged the ikable slaughter that accompanied

the Frank capture of Jerusalem in 1098.

The Third Crusade was an effort of great kings, such as
Frederick Barbarossa, German King and Holy Roman
Emperor; Phillip Augustusof France and Richard the Lion-
Hearted of England. Although Frederick died before his
forces could make it to the Holy Land, Phillip and Richard
— who were rivals in Europe — became supposed allies in
the holy cause. Facing them was Salah al-Din (Saladin to
European ears), the greatest Muslim leader in many a
generation. This crusade had all the elements of a truly
great battle, one that could change the course of history.

Itdid nothing of the sore, however. Although the
figures of Richard and Saladin became larger than life
in the European consciousness (and they remain so
even today), the crusade accomplished next to noth-
ing. The Christians regained Acre, and Richard and

It became an

pilgrims back into Jerusalem. Thos
thing, it is sure, but they hardly
restoration of the kingdom th:

ly, they were nothing that n

been hoped for.
otiation might not

have gained at less expense.
When first Phill

ime their feud, it seemed clear to many that a new

nd then Richard retumed west to

crusadewasonlyamatteroftime
sonHenry Viof Germany
without accomplishing much except furth
few Christian principalities that

ndeed,in 1197, Frederick's
semptedjustsuch an enterprise
alarming the
ined in dhe Ease

INNOCENCE AND FOLLY


INNOCE!

In 1198, after che death of the aged Celestine III,
Lothario dei Conti di Segni was elected to the papacy, and
he took the name Innocent IIL. A vigorousman of 38 years,
Innocent wasa dynamic pontiff who saw the papacy rising
touncontested leadership of Christendom, both spiritually
and temporally. He would become a major actor on the
political scene, intervening in the battle to succeed Em-
peror Henry VI of Germany and in the Angevin-Capetian
rivalry of Richaed and Phillip and their successors. But he
also had an eye for crusade.

In August of 1198, he issued a new call fora crusade to

pture the Holy Sepulcher, and he made clear that the

kings of the day would not be entrusted with the
‘endeavors onganization and exclusive leadership, although
they were expected to participate. He needn't have wor-
ried. With Richard'sdeath, hostilitieshad renewed between
Angevin England and Capetian France, and neither side
was willing to set aside its battles for another costly tip to
Outremer. The various contenders for the German throne
were even less ready to do so.

Counts, Not KiNes

Ietook until late in 1199 for leser nobles to step forward
to assume leadership of the crusade without the financial
backing of the great kings. Those who did were an energetic
bunch who seem to have decided t0 take the cross after
gathering at a tournament in Ecry. The most famous were

Counts Thibald of Champagne and Louis of Blois. A few
months later, three other powerful nobles joined them: Count
BaldwinofFlandersalong with hisbrothers Henryand Eustace
Al three counts hailed from crusading families, and they

hared the leadership and organization of the crusade. After
takingtimetoraisefurtherrecruits,theydecidedthatasearoute
would be wise for the crusade. They may also have agreed to
take Richard the Lion-Hearted'sadvice (given afterhis rerum,
from Palestine) that any new crusade should aim at the center
of Maslim power and wealth: Egypt.

COMPLICATIONS

By the end of 1200, the crusade was gatheringsteam in
Europe without draving in the great kings. Energetic
counts were heading the effort, and theirenterprise seemed
tobewell on the way toward success. Much wasasInnocent
had hoped it to be, but not for long.

Tuer VENETIAN DEAL

In February of 1201, six delegates from the cru-
sader counts arrived in Venice to negotiate transport
to the East. Enrico Dandolo, the aged, blind and
extremely skilled doge of the city received them and
struck an excellent deal. He would not only prepare
transport for the crusaders at a fair price (to be paid

BITTER CRUSADE

upon theie arrival in Venice), he would also dedicate
50 armed galleys to che cause in exchange for half the
bounty of the crusade. Perhaps caught up in the good
fortune of this deal, perhaps needing to inflate their
own importance and perhaps manipulated by ambi-
tious Venetians, the crusader delegates made the
mistake of vastly over-representing the number of
crusaders they had recruited to the cause. This mis-
step would change the whole course of the crusade
The pope could not know this yet, so he sanctified the
arrangement. The crusade seemed to be moving for a
departure in the summer of 1202.

FALextus ANGELS

Another factor at work was the dynastic chaos in
Constantinople. In 1195, Emperor Isaac II was de-
posed, blinded and imprisoned by his own brother,
who became Alexius III. Isaac's son — also called
Alexius — was also imprisoned, but he escaped his
uncle's watch eventually and made his way to the
‘West to seek aid in liberating his father.

Alexius might well have hoped to gain a receptive ear
in Marquis Boniface of Montferrat, who became overall
leader of the crusade in the summer of 1201 after Thibald
of Champagne died. Although Boniface had not crusaded
before, he had an impressive Eastern pedigree, including a
brother who had married into Byzantine nobility before
being assassinated in 1183. Although it's unclear whether
they talked at the time or not, both Alexius and Boniface
swere at the Christmas court of Phillip of Swabia at the end
of 1201. Ac the very least, Alexius would have heard ofan
ambitious army of European knights and Venetian sailors
heading east the next summer.

THE CRUSADE

‘When that summer came and the crusaders arrived in
Venice, the problem of numbers reared its ugly head. The
required number of crusaders was not available, and
Boniface's men did not have all the moneys that had been
promised to the Venetians. The doge had seen his city
invest a great deal of time, effort and money into the
construction of ships for the crusade, and he was hardly in
amood to simply forgive the debr.

A New ARRANGEMENT

The doge did see an opportunity, however. With the
crusaders desperate to carry on their enterprise and locked
into an agreement they could not honor, the Venetians
‘were in.a position to dictate terms. They proposed to delay
repayment of the debt until it could be taken from plunder,
but they asked that the crusaders help them with the small
problem of the city of Zara in return. Zara had been a


Ss petgrade
TER

Hy xslorence
eipica

Kynome

dmaples

Path of the
Crusade
(Sense)

Black Sea

YF

Bosporus

Antiveh %

Mediterranean Sea

*sourth Crusade

nominal vassal of Venice, but itwas now under the control
ofthe King of Hungary, and it threatened the Venetian
postion of maritime supremacy.

Datmaria

In October of 1202, the crusaders and many new
Venetian recruits, set sail down the Dalmatian coast for
Zara. They took their time in a show of force that was
designed to keep other Venetian vassal cities in line, and
they arrived in the first half of November. They besieged
the city, eventually took it for Venice and set themselves
upto winter there before moving on to the East proper.

The pope was hardly pleased, especially given that
King Belahad taken the cross aswell. Threatsofexcommu-
nication followed, and promises to return plundered goods
were the result, but that never happened. Riots broke out
inthe spring, and the city was seriously ransacked.

Alexius'envoysalsocame to Zara,and they reachedan
agreement with Boniface and the other crusaders. In
exchange forhelp in puttinghis fatherback on the imperial
throne, Alexius promised the crusaders a plethora of ben-
efits. Not only would he use Byzantine wealth to pay off
their debt to the Venetians, he would support the crusade
farther, finance the presence of knights in re-conquered
Sjriafor his entire life and submit the Orthodox Church to

7 ntsanis gf TY

papal authority, unifying Christianity once and for all
Desperate to get out from under the Venetians and seeing
Alexius' promises as a guarantee of further glory, the
crusaders agreed. Although he warmed against further
attackson fellow Christians, the pope could not stop them.

CONSTANTINOPLE

-verything went according to plan. The crue
sade arrived at Constantinople in July, and Alexius Ill fled
after some fighting — and the noted success of Venetian
naval maneuvering, Isaac Il was liberated and reinstated as
emperor, nov sharing the title with his son, who became
Alexius IV. Isaac agreed reluctantly to the terms that his,
son had negotiated, so the crusade seemed to be finally
readying to go.on to Muslim lands by August.

Alexius, however, asked the crusaders to stay until the
following spring. He offered to pay their expenses until
then, hoping that their presence would prop up his regime
and give him time tobe secure on the throne. Boniface and
theotherleadersagreed. They wrote to the pope to commu
nicate as much and pass on Alexius' assurance that the
Greek Church would submit to Rome. The pope was not
pleased by the further delay or the violence in Christian.
lands. However, the unity of the Church was a great priz


so his reprimand was slight and it took until February of
1204 to arrive.

By that time, things had taken a disastrous turn for the
crusaders, Alexius had come under pressure from the
Byzantine population and clergy todenounce the Catholic
invaders, and his payments to his one-time patrons dried
up. Thecrusadersand the Venetianspresentedhim with an
ultimatum, bur doing so only led to open violence and
rioting. Then in ary of 1204, an anti-Catholic coup:
swept Alexiusand Isaac from powerand placed yetanother
namesake (Alexius V) on the imperial throne.

Thecrusaderswere trappedin hostile ceritory without
the resources to go home or tothe Holy Land. What's more,
they were outside the walls of the wealthiest city in
Christendom, home to countless holy relics, and whose
citizens (it seemed to the crusaders) were spitting on the
righteous endeavor ofa crusade. Indignation, desperation,
anti-Greek hatred and sheer greed combined to inspire the
crusaders to attack the city outright in April of 1204. The
emperor fled once fire caught in the city on the L2th, and
the city lay open ro the crusaders. For three full days,
Constantinople burned as the crusaders looted her.

The crusade came to an end without ever reaching
Muslim lands. The Byzantine Empire was divvied up
amongthe crusadersand Venetians, and Baldwin of Flanders
became the first Latin Emperor. The glory of the New
Rome was eaten away, and its treasures were taken west to
feed Venice.

SETTINGS

Bitter Crusade follows the so-called army of Christ
from Venice to Constantinople, taking the coterie along for
the ride. The following section provides you with an over-
sight of the major settings for the chronicle. You may want
to supplement i with your own research or by consulting
Three Pillars (for Venice) and Constantinople by Night.

‘VENICE

Called "the Most Serene Commune of Venice" (or La
Serenissima), Venice is the second-largest city in Italy, with
upward of 120,000 inhabitants. It isalsoa hotbed of Cainite
intrigue. Catholic Lasombra struggle with their Heretical
brethren, and the bustling port brings Cainites from across
the Mediterranean, all under the watchful eye of Narses,
Prince of Venice and Archbishop of Nod. Therefore,
Venice is in the unique position of being a crossroads used
by Cainite and kine alike. It is a neutral meeting ground
where East meets West and anything can be purchased for
aprice, Those new to the city may find Venice unsettling,
even disturbing,

BITTER CRUSADE

TORY

The beginnings of Venice itself go back to the fight of
refiygees to the islands ofthe lagoon between Chioggia and
Grado, when Attila the Hun devastated northern Italy in
AD 452. The islands themselves have been inhabited even
longer, since Roman times. And it was during thatera that
Clan Lasombra first gained a foothold in the region. Refu-
gees from the nland in the fifth and sixth centuries

tly augmented thisoriginal population, attractingother

nites along with them, including some Nosferata.

‘Afterthe conquests of the Byzantine general Belisarius,
Venice fell under the rule of the exarchate of Ravenna, a
military outpost of the empire. Theexarch, Narses,allowed
a great measure of autonomy to the Venetians. Narses fell
from grace upon the coronation of a new emperor, but he
remained in Italy rather than return to Constantinople
Embittered, he worked to undermine Byzantine authority
in the region by giving aid to the Lombards — with the
support of a Roman Lasombra named Galerius. Galerius
would reward Narses with the Embrace and be rewarded in
turn with the Amaranth.

Meanwhile, the Venetians elected a doge (war leader)
toprovide a more efficacious defense against the Lombards
and other barbarians. Narses then took up residence in
Venice, where he cultivated the Cainite Heresy, while
other Lasombra foolishly worked toward gaining control of
Venice through the doge. Because the title often fellto the
old or ill, this effort proved fruitless in the long run, By
focusing on the Heresy rather than the doge, Narses gained
sulficient influence to become the prince of Venice

By the ninth century, Venetian commerce was very
extensive. Even the Saracens respected the Venetian flag,
and Venetian factors sprang up in all the ports of the East.
They traded with the Christian Slavsof the Balkans, aswell
as the Muslims of Spain and Africa. Popes Zacharias and
‘Adrian tried to prevent trade with the infidels, w
Charlemagne excluded them from the markets of his
empire. Asasop tosuch feelings, Venice prohibited the sale
ofslaves to the Saracensand of any merchandise that could
be used in war against Christendom,

‘As the commercial power of Venice increased, the
state became increasingly involved in Byzantine politics.
Several doges married into the imperial family, while others
suffered because of imperial displeasure. In 1084, Emperor
Alexius Comnenus needed Venetian support against the
Norman Robert Guiscard, andhe offered Venice position
ofpreeminencein exchange oritsnaval power. Hegranted
the Venetians freedom from tributes and imposts, full
liberty of commerce, exemption from Byzantine jurisdic-
tion, an appropriation for the church of St. Mark and an
income for the doge, along with the tite of protosebastos.


Date
1186

1187
L9L-1192

1193

1195

1197

8 January, 1198
August 1198

6 April, 1199

28 November, 1199

23 February, 1200

February 1201

June 1201
Winter 1201

‘Summer 1202

Aurumn 1202
Oct-Nov. 1202
December 1202

April 1203
May 1203
July 1203

Summer 1203
November 1203

January 1204
March 1204

9 April 1204
12 April 1204
12-14 April 1204

AL TIMELINE OF THE FourTH CRUSADE
Event
Popularrevole in the city of Zara ends Venetian control ofthe city, which places
Hungarian protection.
Battle of Hattin, Fall of Jerusalem to Saladin
Third Crusade; Christians retake Acre but fail to retake Jerusalem
Death of Saladin
Alexius III becomes Byzantine Emperor by deposing and blinding his brother,
Crusade of Henry VI of Germany ends with his death on September 28.
Innocent II becomes pope.
The pope calls fora new crusade,
Death of Richard the Lion-Hearted, renewal of the conflict between France and England
Ata tournament in Ecry, French Counts Thibald of Champagne and Louis of Blois take
the cross.
‘Count Baldwin of Flanders agrees to take the cross. Later that year, the three counts agree
toa sea route and send envoys to Venice.
The six crusader envoysnegotiate adeal with the Venetians for transport and naval support
of the crusade and a departure in June of 1202. In so doing, they grossly overestimate the
number of crusaders and so the cost of the deal.
Marquis Boniface of Montferrat takes the cross to lead the crusade after the death of Count
Thibald of Champagne.
Boniface winters in Germany with Phillip of Swabia, as does Alexius Angelus, son of the
deposed Isaac Il,
Thecrusadersarrivein Venice to find that they cannot pay theagreed price to the Venetians.
Doge Enrico Dandolo agrees to put off payment of the debt until plunder is gathered in
exchange for crusader aid in retaking Zara from the King of Hungary. The crusaders agree,
and Dandolo and other Venetians take the cross
Boniface travels to Rome to consult with the pope.
The crusaders sail for Zara and take the city from the Hungarians. They winter there.
Boniface rejoins the crusade and tries to make restitution to Rome. Alexius' envoys arrive
10 offer Byzantine support if the crusaders will restore him to the imperial throne.
‘The crusade accepts Alexis' terms and sails for Constantinople.
Alexius joins the crusade in Corfu.
The crusade arrives at Constantinople. After an assault on July 17, Alexius Ill flees
Constantinople.
Isaac is freed, and he becomes co-emperor with his son, now Alexius IV. Alexius arranges
for the crusaders to remain near Constantinople to prop up his new regime,
After riotingby the Greek populace, Isaac and Alexius stop paying the crusaders the money
Isaac agreed to. Open hostilities break out
Isaac Il and Alexius lV are deposed in an anti-Latin coup thatputs AlexiusV on the throne.
The crusaders decide that they must take Constantinople. They reach an agreement with
the Venetians oradivision of the spoilsand thenew Latin Empire thatthey are to establish.
The crusaders attack Constantinople.
The crusaders breach the city's defenses and set a fire. Alexius V flees.
The crusaders take the city, loot and burn her.


‘The Venetians participated in the First Crusade only
when they saw the Genoese and Pisans returning from
Outremer with the spoils of war. The Byzantine emperor
Alexius Comnenus considered their actions illicit, and he
impounded Venetian galleys docked at Byzantine ports.
The Venetians, however, defeated the Saracens near Jaffa,
in 1123 and tumed against the Byzantines, ending the
nominal overlordship of Constantinople, Venice then took
an active interest in the Crusades. For example, Venetian
aid enabled the crusaders to seize Tyre in 1124, resulting in
one-third of the city being assigned to them. Similarly
lucrative arrangements prevailed throughout the Middle
East, making Venice one of Christendom's richest states.

GEOGRAPHY

Venice is an amalgamation of 1 17 small islands joined
by 378 bridges, mostly of stone. Some of these islands are
natural, while others are artificial, constructed by means of
piles driven into the bottom of the shallow sea. All the
housesofthe city are built thusuponanetwork ofpiles. The
islands are separated by a number of canals, three of which
are larger than others. These are the Grand Canal, which
traverses the city in the shape of the letter S, the Giude
and the San Marco, which is the widest. Gondolas provide
transport along the canals.

The lagoon of Venice is divided into the "dead" and
the'‘living." The former (Laguna Morta)isasystem of small
salt lakes and marshes formed by the sedimentary deposits
of the streams flowing from the Alps. The latter (Laguna
Viva) isa shallow body of salt water out of which rise a few
small islands,among them the group forming the city itself
The Laguna Viva is separated from the Adriatic Sea by 2
narrow strip of land (the Lido) that extends from Chioggia
to Cortellazzo at the mouth ofthe River Piave. The strip of
land is reinforced at many points with marble, and it has
numerous openings for the passage of ships. Therefore,
there are several Lid. The tide in the "live" lagoon some-
times rises toa height of between nine and 10 feet, when it
floods the streets. Six forts disribuced about the Lagana
Viva girdle the city

ZARA AND DALMATIA

Zara is the major city of Dalmatia, a region of the
Adriatic coast of the Balkans and several islands alongit It
ishasically thin strip ofland squeezed between theseaand
theDinaric Alps, tall mountains that cutoff from the rest
of the Balkans. Dalmatia's clement weather and many
natural ports make it an important part of any effort
control shipping access in the Adriatic. This importance

Laguna Viva


%,

makes ita strategic region for several Italian cities, most
importantly Venice at the north of the sea

back to the 9th century BC, when it was a
Libumiansettlementcalled Jadera, Parsoftheoldcitystlldate
ffom those times. [thas remained an important Adriatic port
since then, changing hands between Greeks, Romans, Goths
and Byantines. Thepeopleofthecityitselfhavealkedactheir
Venetian overlords, in recent generations atleast. A popular

86 swept the Venetians from the city. The locals
quicklysougheamore arrangement, andtheyreached
itwith King Bela Ill of Hungary, who could benefit from such
amaccess to the Adriatic.

nce the revolt has been one of cautious

‘optimism as Bela and che populace await the reaction from
Venice. For 15 years, a sore of stalemate has been the order
ofthe day, with Venetian ships mostly unwelcome in Zara
but hardly cut off from their home city or the other gre:
ports. With the gathering of anew crusade in Venice, some
citizens in the city are rightly nervous, but their protector
Bela has committed himself to the crusade as well. Th:
should provide for the city's protection as a feudal pos
sion of a crusader, protected from seizure by papal edict.

Core IS
Dinaric

OG Alps.

veg

tivelysmall,andsuch iseven more the case atthe begin

of the 13th century. Dalmatia's ports have made for tempt
ingdomains for those vampires who like to feed off sea trade
— and seamen — and various members of both Clans
Lasombra and Nosferatu
However, the mortal population is not large enough to
support a large number of vampires easily, so whenever a
Zarayan lord becomes powerful, he draws attention from
other Balkan and Italian lords with greater resources. For
several centuries, Dalmatian Lasombra existed as part of
the Venetian wing of the clan, along with some
Cappadocians who were said to have established hidden
havens on some islands. Such remains the case in certain

ave been here since antiquity

imo
(the Lasombra prince) and the ascension of Gari
ligned Malkavian) to take his place. Narses and
eral other Venetian vampires are anxious t0 re
domain over the city, but Gari has been unrespo
offers of feudal protection.
GEOGRAPHY
Zara sits on a peninsula arcing from the Balkan main-
land into the Adriatic, creating a well-sheltered port. The

ENCE HND FOLLY


city is a warren of cobblestone streets, and many of the
Roman buildings there are still in use. The last few centu-
ries have seen commercial prosperity and with it religious
construction, including the Church of St. Donat and the
Church of St. Mary. The latter is reputed to be the home
of great relies, and the Cainites who know Dalmatia
consider it unwelcome territory to the scions of Caine.

CONSTANTINOPLE

Constantinople is called the Queen of Cities for good
reason, Home t0 1,000,000 citizens, it is certainly the
largest and richest city in Europe — perhaps the world
Magnificent churches, palaces, forums and bazaars line its
immaculate streets. Walking in the shadow of the Church
of Holy Wisdom, Hagia Sophia, it's easy to believe that
New Rome is truly the center of the universe. No known
city can compare co the splendor and majesty of
Constantinople, which makes ita destination for Cainites,
from all over Europe and Asia.

History

Despite this grandeur, Constantinople is a city in
decline. When Constantine the Great founded it as his
new capital, it was indeed the New Rome. In fact, it
survived the old city's fall to become the head of a great
empire in its own right, one the current emperors still call
their own and that we remember as the Byzantine Empire.
But Byzantine greatness has faded. Pressure from Normans,
and Slavs to the west and Arabs and Turks to the east have
whittled it away. Italy and much of the Balkans are no
longer under Constantinople's sway, and Egypt and the
Holy Land are long gone into Muslim hands. Even much
of Asia Minor has fallen to the Turks.

Glimmers of greatness remain, however. In the 11th
century, Emperor Alexius| retook much of AsiaMinorand
restored the empire to a solid footing. But he also invited
the crusaders and Venetians in, something that would
eventually crush Byzantium. That fateful moment is al-
most at hand as dynastic chaos grips the city.

‘These events founda locus in young Alexius Angelus,
son of the deposed emperor, Isaac IL. Imprisoned in 1195
with his father, who had also been blinded by Alexius II
he escaped in 1201 and joined his sister and her husband,
Philip of Swabia, in Germany. Promising funds, supplies
and troops to conquer Egypt; the maintenance of 500
‘Western knights in the Holy Land; and submission of the
Byzantine church to Rome, Alexius convinced Philip,
Boniface of Moneferrat and the Venetian to divert the
crusade to Constantinople to reinstate him and his father
as co-emperors.

With crusader help, the plan succeeded in 1203. The
newemperors, however, were unable tomake gooxion their
promises to the crusaders or to unite the Byzantine and

BITTER CRUSADE

Roman churches. Heavy taxation and the recklessness of
the crusaders in Constantinople caused a revolt led by the
son-in-lavy of the deposed Allexius Il. He was proclaimed
Emperor Alexius Vin January 1204, and he had Alexius IV
strangled. Isaac died in prison shortly thereafter.

Without their sponsor and set upon by a resentful
Greek populace, the Venetians and crusaders took it upon
themselves to seize control of Constantinople and the
Byzantine Empire. When Alexius V fled rather than be
captured, the victors decided that 12 electors (six Vene-
tiansand six Franks) would choose an emperor, who would
have one-quarter of the empire. The other three-quarters
‘would be divided. The clergy of the party noc belonging to
the new emperor would receive Hagia Sophia and choose
a patriarch, A small amount of property was specifically
designated to support the clergy. The rest was to be consid-
ered booty and divided. Thisis the chaos of Dying Embers,
the end of Bitter Crusade.

GEOGRAPHY

‘The Queen of Cities occupies a long peninsula be-
tween the Golden Horn —a huge creek that serves as her
harbor — and the Sea of Marmora, From this post, she
controls access to the Black Sea and the link between
Greece and Asia Minor. She truly was the crossroads of the
classical world, and the crusading movementhasplaced her
on the path of armies again in the last century.

The city itself spreads over aseries of hills and features
broad avenues and stunning architectural wonders. Great
walls, built by Emperor Theodosius II protect the peninsula
from land attack and mark the limiof the city'sdistricts. At
the tip of the peninsula is the old city of Byzantium, now
home to the greatest wonders of the New Rome. These
include the Great Palace complex, the Church of Holy
Wisdom (Hagia Sophia) and the Hippodrome. The Mese,
the city's main boulevard, runs from this area through the
great forum of Theodosius before splitting in twain, one
branch headingroughly eastalongthe Marmoratoward the
Golden Gate, the other following the Golden Hom toward
the Gate of Polyandrion. The Mese is one of the great
boulevards in all Christendom, with arches, squares and
monuments to astound even the most seasoned traveler.
The Golden Hom itself features the many ports of the great
city, and it is guarded by a great chain strung along its
mouth. The port areas are now largely the domain of the
Venetians and other Latin traders and delegates.

CaINITEs OF THE New RoME
As a great capital and a city teeming with mortals,
Constantinople isamagnetto the Damned. Buteven more
acity that owes some of its greamness and some of its
fall to thedreamsof powerful Cainites. Michael,a Toreador
Methuselah once a powerful vampire of Rome, moved to
Byzantium in emulation of the mortal Constantine the


Great and took with him his two lovers, the Tzimisce
Dracon and the Ventrue Antonius. Known as the Trium-
virate, these ancient vampiressetaboutcreatinganewand
great empire of the night. While Constantine and Justin-
ian built the New Rome among mortals, the Triumvirate
built their Dream among the unliving. They created
temsof vampiric families, refining the system of gentes that
had existed in Rome. They divided power along religious
lines, creating a system known as the Trinity. The Dream
suas guided by the Toreador Father, implemented by the
Ventrue Son and inspired by the Tzimisce Holy Ghost.
Michael and his Toreador fostered the cultof Michael
the Archangel and the greatness of imperial architecture
andart. The Ventrue used the power of the imperial throne
toexpandorder. The Tzimisce became the Obertusmonas-
tic order, rejecting the "spiritual void" of traditional
Meramorphist ways and creating a new Christian cult of
the change. Ultimately, however, these three tendencies
pilledin different directions. Antonius became fanatical
aiticof Obertus ways, and he ultimately fell to betrayal by
hisown childer. The Dracon, disgusted or simply bored by
what the Dream had become, left the city tohissuccessors.

pee
Cases

Be

~S ae aces Peroni shoe
4 yf palace of Bucofeon

Cistern "0

somo

BEFrit Dentofrator

Only Michael remains ofthe original Triumvirate, and the
departure of his companions has plunged him into madness
and torpor. He now truly believes himself to be the Arch-
angel Michael, and he feels that it is perhaps time for the
physical manifestation of his Dream — Constantinople
herself — to pass into the ashes of history.

‘Younger, more dynamic vampires dlo struggle to keep
the city and the Dream going. The Brujah Natalya
Svyatoslay, the Nosferatu Malachite and the Gangrel
Thomas Feroux — all aids and lieutenants to the great
families —have founded the so-called Covenant of Three:
anew Triumvirate dedicated to preserving the city through
concrete, pragmatic steps. Ventrue reformers like Anna
Comnena and Belisarius (both Byzantines of note in life as
well as unlife) struggle to redirect the dynastic mess grip-
ping the empire, but with litte Meanwhile, Narses
of Venice, who holds a grudge against the city and its
Patriarch from his mortal days, has negotiated concessions,
to match those granted his mortal catspaws. His childe,
Alfonzo, nests in the Latin Quarter of the city, working to
undermine the Dream from within

Bosporus

i

Shel
\ poste Sorbie SE

babor of
Dard of Butcleon

an
beret

Wamara Denizi



3 voill voeave her such a skein that she
voll not uncer in her lifetirne"

-Vlacses to the Cmipcess Sophia, int


Venetian Nights highlights the capacity for the best
intentions — be they Cainite or mortal — to fall victim 10
betrayal, Set in Venice in 1202, during preparations for the
Fourth Crusile, the story sees the players' coterie become

broiled in the efforts of several groups to derail or hijack the
cerusade for their own ends.

In Venice, the characters find themselves blamed for the
urd of a secret agent of the Followers of Set. Given limited
timeroclear theirnames, the characterssoondiscoverthatmany
‘ofthe Cainitesin Venice havesecretagendas. Unfortunately for
them, some of thase agendas run counter to their quest to clear
their names. To succeed, they must rely on their wits and on
unexpected alles to reveal the true murderer

How to Use Tuts Story

Venetian Nights isan importantstory in its own right,
as well as the beginning of a larger tale. Therefore, the
corerie's actions take on a significance whose full implica-
tionsonlybecomeapparentlater. Thecharactersare witnesses
to history in the making, the ultimate consequences of
which will echo until the Final Nights.

THEME!

Venetian Nights emphasizes three themes: hicklen agen-
das, evenge and the importance of mortal, Cainitesare social
predators, bur predators nonetheless. Lust for power overtakes
‘many of them, who pune their own agendas atthe expense of
friends and allies. Of course, these Cainites keep their schemes.
secret, lest they find themselves betrayed. Hidden agendas drive
theplotof Venetian Nights, from the murder oftheSetiteagent
to Narses' interest in the characters

Likewise, revenge plays a role in this story. Being
immortal creatures of great passion and vanity, Cainites do
not forget lights or insults easily. They can spend centuries
nursing old hatreds and plotting the downfall oftheir foes
Thisthirstfor vengeance motivates Prince Narsesof Venice,
whose actions in Venetian Nights lead not only to his
enemies' downfall, but ultimately to his own.

ppite the centrality of vampiric affairs, mortals are
very significant in Venetian Nights. Many Cainitesrefer to
humans scomfully as "kine" and consider them beneath,
notice, but the Children of Seth are not as helpless as they
appear. Some have begun to pierce the veil in which,
Cainites cloak themselves, and vampiric hubris makes their
investigations easier. More importantly, mortalscontrol the
course of history. Cainites must adapt to the choices mortals
make or be swept away. The Fourth Crusade is a perfect
example of that dynamic.

Moop

‘Venetian Nights is draped in paranoia and intrigue.
The conflict of agendas, Narses' desire for revenge and the
unleashed power of mortals lead to an atmosphere of suspi-
ion and mistrust. The charactersshouldnot know whom to

BITTER CRUSADE

trust especially after the murderof the Setite agentand their
indictment for the deed.

Likewise, the tension of mortal negotiations about the
crusade spills over into Cainite sociery. The presence of so
many religious leaders and warriors inspired by their faith
adds to the uneasiness in Venice. Impress upon the charac-
tersa sense of the powerlessness of even Cainites in the face
ofsooverwhelmingamorealeventas the crusade. That their
eldersdonot recognize this fact—and even stubbornly deny,
it — only adds to their paranoia and apprehension.

Tue Pror

Venetian Nights isa murder mystery. The structure ofits
plot s loose, directed more by character actions than by events.

‘Act one brings the characters to Venice to attend the
Cainite discussions about the upcoming crusade. During the
discussions, they meet many important figures, including
Prince Narses, the Amici Noctis delegation and (most impor-
tantly) Roland du Rocher. As the discussions begin, rifts
appear between Cainites who favor an attack on Egypt and
those who favor the Holy Land as a target for the crusade.
These rifts flare up into overt animosity and recriminations
just as Roland is found murdered by an unusual poison. Act
‘one concludesas circumstantial evidence makes the charac-
ters prime suspects in his murder.

In act two, the characters find themselves accused of
murder and threatened with execution. However, Narses
intervenes on thei behalf. The prince grants the characters
three nights in which to prove their innocence or face the
consequences. The characterscontendnotonly with finding
the real culprits, bu with Cainites hoping to conceal the
truth. They must likewise avoid mortals, some of whom have
decided to take action against the "night devils" in Venice.

‘Act three sees a confrontation with Roland's true mur-
derer and an explanation for his actions. The consequences
of this revelation throw the Cainite council into further
chaos. However, the deliberations prove moot when mortals
take charge ofthe situation, forcing the Cainites to follow in
their wake.

INTRODUCING THE
CHARACTERS

This story is suitable for coteries of varied backgrounds.
As written, the story assumes that the characters have come
to Venice to rake part in the council before the crusade
(whetherornor they ultimately intend tojoinit). Neverthe-
less, other options exist as well, including the following:

* Ashiera: Some Ashirra (Muslim Cainites) hope to
dissuade theis Christian brethren from launching yet another
invasion of Palestine. The characters could serve as Muslim
agentsin Venice, posibly workingundertheLasombraKhadijah,
Saadeh (sce p. 86). As non-Christians, it's easy to see how they.
become suspects after Roland is murdered.

« Byzantines: Similarly, the characters could be Greek
-vannpites, workingto preserve the Patriarch Michael'sDDream.


They might well be agents of Baron Thomas
Constantinople by Night), working with Anna Sa
82). While not as suspect as Muslims, Byzantine C
nevertheless encounter prejudice enough to warrant their
being cast as scapegoats.

* Cainite Heretics: Venice is the capital of the C

‘Narses— who isalso Archbishop of Nod —who support his.
agenda, or they could be enemies who believe that his
obsession with revenge is detrimental to the Here

* Independents: Since itis such a major port, Venice
sees a great deal of trafic. Cainites from both Western and.
Eastern Europe could have many reasons for journeying to
the city and becoming entangled in the negotiations before
the Fourth Crusade.

Ofcourse, the story works best if the characters come to
Venice for their own reasons. Venetian Nights is the story
of good intentions gone awry. The ‘omes more
gowerful if the characters find themselves buffeted by the
same forces that turn the crusade into an instrument of evil

Major PLAYERS

Behind the scenes of Venetian Nights are three fac-
tions: the Setites, the Assamites and Prince Narse
Understanding the goals and activities of each one is vital to
the successful use of this story.

Tie FOLLOWERS OF SET
Formillennia, Egypewas the domain of the Followers of
Set.Since the coming of Islam, their position has weakened
onsiderably. Now, theyseethe Ci possible means
ing their own agenda. By focusi
ypt, they hope todealamortal blow tok
the Muslim Cainites — in thei homeland, thereby laying
the groundwork for their surgence.

the Ventrue princes profiting from and supportin
Crusades, These Patriciansalso believe that Egyptisthe
destination for the next crusade, although for enticely differ-
ent reasons. The ents in Venice are Roland du
Rocheran oth membersof the
entourage.
prefersubrleryo open conflict. Therefore, the
only if faced with no other options. With the murder of
Roland, their plan to use Christian Cainites against the
‘Muslims who control Egyprisin jeopardy. Through Aimery
the Setitesturn the Ventrue against the characterstoensure
plan is carried out.

MITES
Saracens know of the Setite plan, Realizing that a
artack on Egypt could set back Muslim plans, they
amtive in Venice to stop the plan before it ean be enacted.
xd du Rocher with bloodroot
e's identity

SSS


and throw the Christian Cainites into disarray. To ensure
this possibility, ehey lure Roland into a warehouse con-
nected to Anna Sgorina, while framing the coterie for the
deedat the sune time. They believe that the combination of
these factors is bound to unmask the Setites' plan and thus
counter it.

Represented by Fatima al-Faqadi and Ziyad al-Djahie,
the Asamites believe that Christian Cainites will not act in
away beneficial to the hated Setites, and they are sure to
divert the crusade from weak Egypt toward better-defended
Palestine. Fatima al-Faqadi is the true mastermind behind
the Asamite plan. She is here in Venice to oversee the
training of Ziyad al-Djahiz, 2 neonate who shows great
promise, Consequently, Fatimararely actsdirectly;butthen,
neither does Ziyad. She cautions him against revealing
himself o the Christians. Instead, the Assamites work in the
shadows, appearing only when nec

Nase

The prince of Venice also has plans of his own. He sees
in the Fourth Crusade a potent instrument to be wielded
against the Byzantine Cainites who dishonored him so long
ago. He secks to divert the crusade and warp its ideals,
Although he's master manipulator, Narses soon discovers
that it's easier to do so than he had ever imagined. Mortals
can be such treacherous creatures if given the opportunity,
and Narses does all he can to provide them with it

The prince also knows the secret of the Setites. When.
the characters are accused of Roland's murder, he uses his

position to give them the time they need to reveal chat

ret, He knows that the revelation will not only paralyze

the Cainite council, butalso give the mortals the chance to
the initiative

The prince of Venice has only one goal: to avenge
himself upon Michael of Constantinople and the Byzantine
Cainites. He is willing to risk everything — including his
position as Archbishop of Nod — to achieve this goal.
Narses knows the truth behind Roland's murder, and he

bhis lieutenant, Guilelmo Aliprando, Narses aids
the chatacters whenever possible. He hopes totum them tohis
side juse as he hopes to do with the crusade. However, Narses
neveractsin any way that would jeopardize his official neutral-
ity, Hispatienceandabilityo thinkin the longtermmakehim
a deadly opponent — and an even deadlier aly.

Minor PLAYERS

In addition to the three major players, several smaller
factions are also at work. The following are short deserip-
tionsofeach faction, itsagendaand what knowledge (ifany)
it possesses about the murder of Roland du Rocher.

Amici Noctis
Once the effective leaders ofall of Clan Lasombra, the
Friends of the Night have become aligned with the Chis:

BITTER CRUSHDE

BLOODROO
Bloodroot is a perennial plant that flowers in
springtime. Itexists in several varieties all of which a
poisonous. However, ariety, found only in
Iberia and North Africa, produces poison that is fatal
This variety is noteworthy for its larg
ned with red.

even to Cainites
white flowers, which are
acted from bloodroot mal

ied with icinflict evo

The toxin ext 0
tentcontact poison. Weapons
health levels of aggravated damage per hit, unless the
character's player makes a successful mina + Forti
tude roll (difficulty 5). The poison attacks vampiric
vitae, turning it toa fine black dust, similar in appear-
ance to voleanic ash.

ifficult
at dealof

The process of extracting the toxin isboth
and dangerous. Even handling itrequiresag
skill. The extraction process requires an Intelligence +
Herbalism roll against a difficulty of 9. This act is an
extended test with each roll representing an hour's
work. The work ends when the player gets

Only master s (Herbalism 5) can prepare the
toxin and handle ic in absolute safety. Ifthe character
hasfewerdots,the playermustmakea Wits + Herbalism
(difficulty 5) for the preparation process and for every
scene in which the characterhandles the toxin. Failure
leavesthe character infected,and hesuffers the damage

(Osuccesses.

indicated previously.

tian majority of the clan against the Muslim minority
Tommaso Brexiano and Lucita of Aragon represent the
Friends, and they press for adirect attack on the Holy Land,
believing that such an attack will "teach the Saracens a
lesson." They oppose the Ventrue plans to attack Egypt as a
sideshow "unworthy of true crusaders" (and likely to bre
the Patricians undue power). Tommaso knows nothing of
Roland's murder, but Lucita sees the hand of the Assamites,
at work. Should the characters befriend her, she shares this,
opinion with them (although she has no proof).

The existence ofa secretive council of Lasombra leaders
is not something the Magisters like to share with the other
clans, or even their less trustworthy neonates. The fact thar
theFriendshave become aligned with theChristiancauseand
hhave largely abandoned the Muslim position in Spain isallthe
more secret. Consequently, Tommaso and Lucita will not say
to outsiders that they speak for the Amici, just that they
represent elders of the clan. Note also that only Tommaso is,
actually a Friend with the right to sit in judgment in a court
‘of blood. Lucita is still too young ro be elevated to that rank,
althoughshehopestharservicein Venice maychangeall that

BYZANTINE CAINITES

Byzantium few representatives (such as Anna Sgorina)
seck to preserve Michae?'s Dream in any way possible. Some
naively believe thae arin Christianity may defend them against


Ixlam, but most are less sanguine, They point out that past
‘ruses have been disruprive to Byzantium. Their delegation is
inVenice tomakesurethat —ifnothingelse—Michael'ssaus
isrespected. The Byzantines know nothingof Roland's murder,
and they are suspicious of Narses
Tue Camnrre HERESY

Narses may be Archbishop of Nod, but he lacks the
complete support of his fellow Heretics. Some suspect that
he care less for the Heresy than he does for revenge against
Byzantium. They point to his cooperation with proponents
ofthe crusade as proof tharhe no longerseeks toundermine
the Roman Church as he once did. Although they do not,
know the identity of Roland's murderer, they could contact
the characters in an attempt to understand Narses' true
intentions — and test the depth of his loyalty to the Heresy.

Musum Lasompra

‘Aclandivided, theLaxombrahave Muslim representatives
in Venice, Khadijah Saadeh among them. They seeka peaceful,
solution thacisequitable to both sides. The Muslims know that
Assamitesare active in Venice, a fact thar they reveal only with
ggeat reluctance. They rightly fear that this knowledge will
fier poison relations with Christendom. Nevertheless, the
este to avoid further conflict may push them to reveal this,
knowledge to the characters.

If the subject of the intemal policies of Clan Lasombra
somehow come up, Khadijah can explain that there remain
Muslim Friends of the Night — called Asdiga'al-Lal in Arabic
—burthattheyhavebeenrebufiedonmarrersofcrusileandthe
Reconquista in Iberia. She isin Venice despite warnings from
Christian Magisters hat doingso only erodesher faith'sposition
inthe eyes of the Methuselah Montano.

RopriGue DE NAVARRE

Rodrigue isthe single most dangerous mortal in Venice —
atkastfrom the Cainite perspective. Hehas trackedevidenceof
the Heresy tthe city and become the only witness to Roland's
rmurderinthe process Hehasinformation vital tothe characters,
uc obuaining ic from him is a dangerous venture indeed.
Redrgue plans to use is information to destroy the "darkness
hesees engulfing the crusade.
VENTRUE

Ifany faction in Venice isthe victim of is own pride and
shortsihtednessitisthe Ventrue delegation. Ledby Lanzo von,
Sachsen, the Ventrue wish to num the crusade ro Egypt, which
they ishtly believe isa weak link in the Muslim line ofdefense.
Unforunately, theserpent that Lanzonursesathisbosom—the
Sette Aimery de Versey — supports this wish.

Act ONE: THE
Devut's CoUNCIL

‘Actone begins in early August 1202 with the arrival
ofthe coterie to Venice. By this time, the preparations for

the crusade are in chaos. Many crusaders have been in.
Venice for over a year, awaiting word of both the date of
departure and destination. The crusade's original leader,
Count Thibald of Champagne, died before he could take
command, and his successor, Count Boniface of
Montferrat, has not yet arrived. Add to this confusing
time the uncertainty of the crusaders' ability to pay for
services they've already contracted from the Venetians,
and you have a disaster waiting to happen.

The Cainites in Venice are likewise in disarray. They
are torn between directing the crusade to Egypt (favored
by the Ventrue) or to Palestine (favored by the Christian
Lasombra). Storytellers should emphasize the confusion
and indecision that characterizes this time. There is also
‘genuine fear that the crusade will collapse before it can,
even leave Venice, thereby playing into the hands of the
Muslim Lasombra, who counsel an end to the fighting in
the Holy Land.

ScENE ONE: ARRIVAL IN
‘VENICE

Scene one introduces Venice and gives the characters
‘an opportunity to become familiar with the setting of Vene-
tian Nights. This scene is tense because of growing concem
among the crusaders, some of whom fear they'll never fulfill
their vows, and among the Venetians, who worry that the
thousands of foreign knights will eat them out of house and
home. Fortunately for Cainites, the sheer number of strang-
ers in Venice at this time makes it very easy to feed —as well
as impossible to distinguish between vampires who are here
for legitimate purposes and those who are not.

Pomnts OF ENTRY

Characterscan enter Venice by landor bysea. Thereare
many land routes to Venice, since the city maintains com-
mercial relationships with locales throughout Italy, France,
Eastern Europe and the Holy Roman Empire. Characters
from any of those regions have no trouble finding transpor-
tationamid the merchantcaravansheadingto Venice. They
likely enter the city by crossing one of several bridges across
thecanals. Despite Venice's wealth, many bridges are poorly
maintained, threatening to collapse under the weight of the
heavy caravan traffic.

Similarly, Venice has large and open posts, Ships from
all across the eastern Mediterranean (and occasionally
elsewhere) make regular visits to La Serenissima. Although,
many Cainites do not favor travel by sea, it is the best
option for characters coming from places for which easy
overland routes do not exist. This method of entry is also
the most spectacular by far, showing Venice at its most
impressive. Docks and landings line the city's shores. On
the south side of the Grand Canal, characters may see the
magnificent Palazzo di San Marco, a shipping center, as
well as the doge's palace. Located in the east end is a
massive shipyard, atestamentco Venice'smaritimestrength,

VENETIAN NIGHTS


FLowers OF Evi.

The situation in Venice is unusual for the coterie.
Despite the characters' bestefforts, it isalmost impossible to
‘gocompletely unnoticed. Yet, paradoxically, their presence

y attract attention either. The Storyteller can

fact by having others (mortals or Cainites)

acknowledge the characters silently without approaching

them or otherwise engaging them in conversation. The city

hhas taken on the quality of the calm before a storm — a
portent of things t0 come.

Theonly person comeettheireyesisanattractive young
mortal woman, who blocks their path. Dressed in the simple
clothes of a peasant, she smilesand offers them a bouquet of
flowers with large white petals veined with red. Ifasked, she
explains that it isa Venetian tradition to give these flow.
to newcomers in the city. Then, as quickly as she came, she
vanishes from sight. Players who wish to find her must make
successful Wits-+ Alertness rolls (difficulty 7), in which case
they realize the woman was actually a Cainite employing
Obfuscate to hide her features. The woman is the Assamite
Fatima al-Fagadi, setting up the characters for the murder to
con through her ruse before she vanishes is also
possible with the judicious use of Auspex or other Disci-
plines. If thus discovered, Fatima attempts to flee, but she
will fight — with considerable skill — if comered.

BITTER CRUSADE

AN /l\ asexy|

INY

If players succeed on an Intelligence + Herbalism (or
Science) roll (difficulty 6), theirchara thatthese
flowers cannot be native to Venice or the surrounding
countryside. (The soil is too wet for a plant of this kind.)
However, they donot recognize the flowerunless the}
succeed at another Intelligence + Herbalism test against a
difficulryof9.Soon therealter, theyencounter AnnaSgorina,
who introduces k
commentson the unusual flowers they carry, but likewise has,
no knowledge of them. She does express some surprise upon
hearing of this "Venetian tradition," since she has never
heard of it before

THE Council, SESSION

Mortals dither about the crusade' n and objec-
tives, and their actions are mirrored in Cainite society.
Hidden from prying eyes, representatives of various Cainite
factions debate similar topics. The characters find them-
selvesdrawn into thisdebate, and they gainanunderstanding
of the fault lines thae divide their kind.

This scene highlights the divisions rending Cainite

Although every faction nominally supports the
ewdososelflesly. Indeed, the characters may soon,


realize thatnoonein Veniceactswithoutan ulteriormotive.
The question becomes which of these motives most closely
coincides with their own, whatever those may be. Thescene
should exemplify the fact chat even a joint undertaking can
be an occasion for intrigue and selF-aggrandizement when
Cainites are involved.

Nurses' CHAMBERS

Although he is the prince of Venice, Narses feigns
disinterest in the preparations for the crusade, except to the
extent that they affect his city's wellbeing. Nevertheless, he
has offered the use of chambers within his private apart-
ments t0 his fellow Cainites. Because Venice is built upon
Ihgoons, there are few underground locales suitable for
havens. Therefore, Narses has taken up residence ina series
afrooms located near St. Matk's Basilica.

These rooms are beautifully appointed. Theit floors are
covered with mosaics, containing gold, bronze and the
seatest variety of stones. The walls are likewise decorated
vith mosaics, Byzantine sculprures, and statues of various
saints and martyrs, All the artwork bears the subtle perver-
‘Sonsof traditional Christian iconography one wouldexpect
in the chambers of the Archbishop of Nod, head of the
ainite Heresy. The irony of debates about a holy crusule
aginst the infidels aking place in such alocale isnot loston
Nass, who is mildly contemptuous of Cainites who truly
believe in anything other than the power of their own will.

DruBerate Action

The deliberations begin every night shortly after sun:
down, and they continue long into the early moming
Although many Cainites refer to the deliberations as a
"council," thetermismisleading. Narses lieutenant, Guilelmo
Aliprando,actsasan impartial moderator (asdoesthe prince,
‘on the are occasions he appears), recognizing speakers and

Beyond that, there are no clear rules of
iberationshave a wild, unrestrained quality to
them, as passions flare and old rivalries manifest.

Because of the open-ended nature of the proceedings,
Cainitescomeand go. Noone (exceptperhapssome Vente)
expects anyone to sit in raptsilence asany delegate presents
hisposition to the assembly. Cainites from northern Europe
may find this unsettling, even infuriating, but it is very
Venetian, as any Lasomibra present explains proudly.

The characters are not expected to take part in the
deliberations (although they are welcome to do so), but
couresy and the all-important Tradition of Domain de-
mandsthar hey make an appearance —however brief —in
Nares' chambers. Ifthe coterie has come to Venice as the
agents ofa particular clan or faction, the characters' path is
cleat. lfthey came of their accord, they may act as they wish,
Auminimum, the characters should arrive at the chambers,
introduce themselves and make their intentions known.
Beyond that, they may do as they please,

CALL TO ORDER

The council proceedings last from sundown until ap-
proximately three in the morning. During that time, the
characters hear impassioned orations, ively debates and the
occasional rude argument, as the assembled Cainites argue
about the crusade and its goals. Ironically, the free-for-all
natureofthe deliberations may come asa comfort. Theyseem
the exact opposite of the pall that draped Venice upon the
characters'artival. They also offer the coterie an opportunity
to meet representatives of the various clans and factions.

The following are some of the encounters that the
coterie may have upon attending a council meeting

* Christian Lasombra: This powerful faction com-
mands much respect, if only because of the influence Clan
Lasombrahasin Venice. ltsmost frequentspeakeris Tommaso
Brexiano, a devout Cainite with a fiery personality. He
speaks eloquently of the Saracen threat to Christendom,
citing numerous examples of what he ealls "infidel perfidy."
He likewise uses his own experiences in the Holy Land and
Egypt as "proof" of his position. Tommaso angues that
sending the crusade to Palestine would not only buttress the
Crusader States already there, bur would strike a powerful
blow against vital Muslim strongholds

Serving as Tommaso's aide is the Spanish neonate
Lucita of Aragon. Tommaso does not allow her to speak in
council, because he believes that she will leam more by
watching. A keen judge of others, as well as a skilled
diplomat, Lucitaobservesthe reactions ofothersto Tommaso's
rations, noting them carefully. Should she notice obvious
signs of agreement with the Lasombra's position, she seeks
cout such Cainites to gauge the sincerity of their support.

* Clan Ventrue: The second most powerful faction isa
delegation of German Ventruc. Its spokesman is Lanzo von
Sachsen, aCainite given to hyperbole and bluster, but widely
seen to be a vassal of the Patrician Methuselah Hardestadt.
Lanzoconcedesthe value of howingstrength totheSaracens,
but he believes that the ultimate success of the cruside
requires strategy as well, Consequently, heargues foran attack
against Egypt, which he considers a weak link in Muslim
defenses. Moreover, an attack against Egypt would split Islam
in half, making it an easier target for subsequent crusades.

Lanzo has two aides, Aimery de Versey and Roland du
Rocher, both French veterans of previous crusades. Lanzo
allowseach to speak for him on occasion, and to good effect.
They are finer orators than Lanzo, using subtle arguments
and debating with skills that put their master to shame. In
addition, Aimery and Roland spend a great deal of time
speakingone-on-onewith theirfellow Cainites, in the hopes
of converting them to their cause.

* Muslim Lasombra: A few of the Qubilat al-Khayal —
the Muslim wingof Clan Lasombra—have come to Venice.
Led by Khadijah Saadeh, the Muslims have an almost
impossible task: prevent the crusade from taking place at all.
Khadijah is thoughtful and intelligent. She argues forcefully

VENETIAN NIGHTS.


that nothing is gained by religious strife among Caine's
childer. She believes thaca cease-fire servesall parties better.

Unfortunately, few Cainites are willing to give serious
consideration to Khadijah's position, Naturally suspicious,
because she serves non-Christians (even though she herself
isnota Muslim, buta Christian Arab), some suspect thatshe
is somehow behind the delays and logistical problems that
have plagued the crusade from the beginning, Nevertheless,
shedoes her best to gain a fairhearing from any Cainite who,
willisten.

* Byzantine Cainites: If possible, Byzantium's del-
cegates are treated worse than the Muslims. Whereas the
Muslims are ignored but respected (albeit grudgingly), the
Byzantines are acknowledged and dismissed in the same
breath. Most Cainites view the Byzantines with pity, if not
disdain, seeing them as representatives of a failed past and
agents of a mad and weakened elder. While both Lasombra
and Ventrue mouth supportfor the ailing Byzantine Empire,
neither faction offers more than words.

Anna Sgorina speaks for the Byzantines. She is an
exceptionally gifted speaker, but her frequent allusions to
classical literature and evocation of Michael's Dream fall
upon deaf ears. Most Western Cainites covet Byzantium's
riches, but show little regard for its place in history. There-
fore, Anna takes great interestin any Cainite who shows the
slightest sympathy for her cause.

* Guilelmo Aliprando: Narses' lieutenant — like the
prince himself — is officially neutral. Most of the time, he
sits silently upon a Byzantine-style cathedra, content to
watch the evening's proceedings. He interjects only when
he feels that one party or another has acted beyond the
bounds of decency, such as when Lanzo von Sachsen rudely
interrupts Tommaso Brexiano (a frequent occurrence). He
plays the part of impartial referee to the utmost.

Guilelmo is quite personable. He is glad to speak with
anyone whoexpressesan interestin Prince Narsesor Venice.
If permitted, he can drone on at great length about the
illustrious history of the city, as well as Narses' prominent
place within it. Otherwise, he rarely ofers anythingapproxi-
mating an opinion on any matter of importance. The
characters find him an affable, if vapid, conversationalist

SCENE THREE: THE
‘VENTRUE SERPENT

While attending council, the characters hear a debate
between the Ventrue Roland du Rocher and the Lasombra
Tommaso Brexiano. Naturally, the debate centers on the
wisdom of attacking Palestine rather than Egypt. If the
characters have already heard an oration by Lanzo von
‘Sachsen, they find Roland's approach very different. Rather
than bully hisopponent, Roland uses logic tomake his point,
arguing that an attack against the Holy Land might rally the
infidels against the crusaders. However, an attack against
Egypt is not only tactically sound, but also less likely to
arouse Muslim solidarity.

BITTER CRUSADE

Rolanddoesnorbelittle Tommaso. Instead, heattempts
to bring him around to his point of view by asking questions
in an almost Socratie manner. He even asks questions of
thers, in an effort to use their responses to further his own
cause. If the characters take any interest in this debate,
Roland draws them in as well —whether they wish itor not.
Storytellers should allow the characters to answer Roland's
leading questions (suchas,"Do younotthink itbetterforthis,
crusade to end in victory than in failure?" etc.) asthey wish.
Whatever their response is, he uses it to supporthis position.

‘Once the debate has ended (without having swayed
Tommaso, of course), Roland approaches thecharactersand
thanks them forparticipatingin the debate. Hecompliments
their intellectual acuity and then asks their true opinions
regarding the crusade. Roland pays careful atention toevery
word theysay, noddingandsmiling when appropriate. Ifthey
agree with him, he compliments them once more for their
sagacity. If they do not, he debates with them further, but
never raises his voice or resorts to personal attacks. After this
exchange, Roland excuses himself and returns to his seat
neat Lanzo and Aimery.

‘While the characters are engaged in this conversation
with Roland, have the playersmakeaPerception + Alertness
roll (difficulty). Ifthe playerssucceed, the charactersrealize
that they are being watched. Tommaso Brexiano eyes them,
contempruously, clearly disturbed that they have taken to
consorting with his opponent. However, Tommaso makes
no hostile moves toward the characters — although he
points them out to his assistant, Lucita, who will nod and
Teave the chamber. Tommaso follows shortly thereafter.

ScENE Four: Nicoto

This optional scene needs not occur unless the coterie
spends time wandering about in Venice at night. Because
Venice is built over water, there are no underground sew
basements or crypts. Consequently, the city is very inhospi-
table for Nosferatu, Nevertheless, Venice does boast a small
number of the Lepers, many of whom dwell in abandoned
buildings and other forgotten structures. A popular meeting
place for the Nosferatu is the small island of San Michele.
The island is used asa cemetery, and ivis packed with tombs
and mausoleums. If the characters travel near the water'
edge, they may catch sight ofa coterie of Nosferatuin asmall
boat punting back to Venice.

The Nosferatu, led by a called Nicolo, are wary
of outsiders, but they are not hostile. They know little about,
thecrusade, exceptthat they have seen more Saracensin the.
city than those in Khadijah's entourage. Iftreated well, hey
may be willing toact as the characters spies— for appropri-
ate compensation, of course.

ScENE Five: SCAPEGOATS

Early at the next council meeting, Lanzo von Sachsen
addresses the assembled Cainites. Hedoesso with an obvious,
sense of urgency. The Ventrue delegate announces that his


aide, Roland du Rocher, has been found murdered and that
the victim's vitae has tumed to dust! Naturally, his an-
nouncement causes a stir among the Cainites, several of
whom begin to point fingers at one another for the crime.
Tommaso Brexiano isa frequent tanget of such accusations,
hich he denies vigorously.

Guilelmo asks for calm, and he orders an immediate
inquest into the matter. He requests that Roland's desi
cated body be brought to Narses' chambers immediately for
investigation. He also asks that no one make any effort 10
leave Venice until the inquest i over, lest they incriminate
themselves. Compared 0 Lanzo, Guilelmo behaves in a
calm and reasonable fashion.

Tue INques
Toavoid any suggestion of impropriety, Guilelmo con-
ducts the inquest in public, under the watchful eyes of
representatives from every major faction, as well as a few
specially chosen outsiders. Lanzo represents the Ventrue,
while Lucita represents the Christian Lasombra. (Tommaso.
has other matters to attend to.) The Muslim Lasombra and
the Byzantines also send their leaders as representatives. If
the characters are not associated with a faction, at least a
couple of them are chosen to attend as observers. If they are
associated with a faction, they may attend as aides.

Roland!' body isa frightful sight. His skin is gray and
ashen, unusual even for a Cainite. His features are sunken.
and skeletal. He hardly looks like the vigorous man he
appeared to be in council. More disturbing still, his mouth,
noseand earsare filled with fine black dust, like voleanic ash,
utwithoutany sulfurousodor. He isalso missing two fingers
on his right hand, They appear to have been snapped off
rather than cut.

Guilelmo employs Auspex to examine the body,andhe
invites others to doso.as well, He stresses, though, that only
his findings carry any weight. Players whose characters
‘employ Auspex level 3 (The Spirit's Touch) roll Perception.
+ Empathy (difficulty 6). Success means that the characters
recognize upon the body the telltale emotional echoes of
snurder. Roland suffered greatly as he met Final Death, but
there is no evidence of strong emotions on the part of his
kuller, Characters with Heightened Senses (Auspex 1) rec-
ognize a tiny incision in Roland's neck, possibly the entry
point fora thin dagger.

Guilelmo also notices the incision. His Heightened
Senses reveal a reddish, sticky residue that is likely a poison
‘ofsome kind. Guilelmo takes great care to avoid touching
the poison, using a metal instrument to collect a small
sample. After doing so, he takes only a few moments to
pronounce his findings: Roland du Rocher was killed by
Hoodroot poison.

Most of the Cai

- present (with the notable excep-
tion of Lucita of Aragon) look on Guilelmo

They are unfamiliar with bloodroot. Narses' lieutenant
explains that bloodroor, alo called senguinaria, can be used
ro create a toxin that is deadly to vampires. It originates in

North Africa and Iberia. In its natural state, i's pale white
flower whose lange petals are veined with red.
AnnaSgorinafaces the characters. She says thatshe:
them earlier carrying a small bouquet of white flowers like
those Guilelmo described. Upon hearing this, Lanzo changes
the characters with Roland's murder. He orders them taken
into custody. Anna concurs reluctantly, as does Lucita
However, Khadijah argues against wild accusations o
minimal proof.
Guilelmo brings the chaotic scene to ordk
calls guards to take the characters into custody, arg
itis for their own safety as much as any evidence against
them, He asks that they norstrugele orattempr toescape, for
that will only harden opinions against them.
that the matter will be deale with fairly by
With that, they are escorted out of the
another room where they are kept under gu
Should he coterie resist, they must contend with arses
ghoul guards, as well as Cainites like Lanzo and Tommaso.
These opponents prove determined, especially now char the
charactershave confirmed their guiltby resisting. Should the
characters nevertheless escape, Narses pronounces them.
unwelcome in Venice ever again. Their suspected rolein the
unlawful death of another Cainite makes them pariahs in
some places— especially anywhere that Lanzo von Sachsen.
has influence. Ifneedsbe, use the crusader template on page
101 for Narses' guards. Each also has Potence 1.

Act Two:
INQUISITION

‘Act owo consists of two set scenes and two optional
scenes. Add or drop scenes based on the characters' actions,
Scenessix and seven are essential, butuse the othersany way
you see fit, including merging them into a single scene.

ScENE Six:
THE Wispom oF NarsES

‘The characters begin this scene under lock and key.
They are not mistreated, but they are not allowed any
contact with the outside world. Likewise, the guards have
taken their possessions (other than clothing). After several
hours, Guilelmo Aliprando appears, and he greets them
more warmly than seems reasonable given the situation. He
explains that Lanzohascharged them with violation of the
Traditions of Caine and used the circumstantial evidence of
thecharacters' possession of blooxlroot flowersagainst them.
‘Thisproofhasswayed several prominent Cainites including,
Tommaso, to his cause.

Before the coterie can react, Guilelmo tells them not to
worry. Lanzo'scaseisaweakone,anditisunlikely tosucceed.
Asoutsiders, the characters are convenient scapegoats for a
most heinous crime. Nevertheless, Prince Narses cannot let
any such charge — no matter how frivolous — go unheard.

VENETIAN NIGHTS,


reed to hear the case against the coterie, if only
to maintain the peace. Guilelmo adds chat this solution is
the only equitable one, given the tense situation in Venice.
He then escorts the characters out and into the prince's
audience chamber.

Tue Prince's Court
If anything, Narses' audience chamber is even more
‘opulent than those he has lent to the council. The mosaics
covering the walls and floors are flecked with gold, and
porphyrystatuesstand inalcoves. Narseshimselfsitsuponan,
mate episcopal throne made of walnut woodand decorated,
h inlays of ivory, mother-of-pearl, colored wood and
preciousstones. The prince dresses in red robesthatlook like
those ofa By
rests by his side
ng in his high, lilting voice,
xy stand there, they
can feel the eyes of the assembled Cainites upon them.
Imo moves to the center of the chamber and asks that
those who accuse the characters come forward. Lanzo does
so,along with Tommaso. There isa murmur in the chamber
as the two long-time sparring parmers both state that the
characters had in their possession bloodroot flowers — the
very same plants from which the poison that killed Roland

's asks the accus
ion of these flowers. Unles
charactersbrought them tothe council chamberson the first
day, neitheranswersin theaffirmative. The prince ther
‘on what basis they make such a charge
Cainites. Lanzo then turns to Anna Sgorina, and she steps
forward reluctantly. Wt .sheadmitstohaving
seen the flowers in the characters' possession, but she does
not believe that they are guilty, Lanzo requests that this
nt not be taken into consideration, but Narses dis-
agrees. The prince asks ifany more substantial evidence can
be brought forward.

Formulate a case against the characters based on what-
ever has transpired between them and other Cainites during
the council meetings. The case nevds not be a good one.
Indeed, the insubseantiality of Lanzo'schargeshould become
apparent. However, you should take care ro emphasize two
points: first, the oddity thac Lanzo and Tommaso both
support such a weak case against the character
Lucitaclearly doesnotsharehermaster'sviewson the matter.
She frequently looks disgusted ar the posturing of Tommaso.
—not co mention his unexpected alliance with

Afterseveral minutesof:

———_—

Lo
WF

STIL woe,
=~,
Ne

AURORE AEA ECUI IE

)

N
Coretrtereyy
sik

prince of Venice, he must remain objective in matters such.
as this. He concedes that the murder of a Cainite without
sanction is a grave matter, He likewise admits that the
perpetrators must be foundandpunished. Aboveall, hough,
justice must be done. Now is not the time forea

quick solutions.

4

Welly

Mh

BITTER CRUSADE


At these words, the chamber erupts into argument.
Lanzo shouts at the prince, imploring him not to let the
murderers of his clanmate escape unscathed. Guilelmo
silences the chamber and Narses speaks again. He has no
intention of letting the characters go, he says — atleast not
et-Although the evidence against them iscircumstantialat
bast, itis the only evidence available, and it does implicate
them, However, he is a just prince, and he offers the
characters an opportunity to prove their innocence.

Narses gives the coterie three nights in which to un-
coverevidence thatexoneratesthem. Thisevidence must be
clearandunequivocal. Hedoesnot require that they find the
true murderer, but he suggests that that would indeed
constitute unequivocal evidence oftheir innocence. Narses
explains thar they may have total freedom toactasthey wish
during hese threenights, However, any attemprtoleave the
city amounts fo an admission of guilt. Assuming that they
‘escape hisagents (which heassures them sunlikely),ablood
hunt ill be declared against them, as required by tradition
Narses emphasizes that he will tolerate no further deaths in
his domain, be they mortal or Cainite. To disobey will
likewise incur his wrath,

Lanzohowlsin protest, but Narsesgnoreshim.Guilelmo
streses that the prince has spoken, and that the decision has,
been made. Perceprtive charactersmay notice that Tommaso
does not seem at all displeased by this turn of events. Players,
should roll Perception + Alertness (difficulry 6) to pick up
onthis, Narses then bids the characters farewell and reminds
them of the strictures of his judgment. They have three

nights; no more, no less.
SCENE SEVEN: THE
INVESTIGATION

This isan open-ended scene. In the course of the three

nightsthat thas, the coterie canact ina wide variety of ways.
‘As Storyteller, you must not only be prepared for many
possibilities, bur you must also keep track of the amount of
time that the characters spend on the investigation. The
following text deals with the most common avenues of
investigation.

Tur Bopy

The coterie may wish to reexamine Roland's remains
Todoso, thecharacters must get permission from Guilelmo,
sho gives it willingly on the condition that they examine
the corpse under guard. He dispatches one ghoul for every
member of the coterie who takes part in this action.

Roland's body has degenerated further since the earlier
viewing. Hisflesh has taken onadark brown color, while the
underlying muscle has withered, leaving him almost mum-
nified in appearance. There are still large quantities of black
dustin his mouth and other orifices. As noted earlier, he is
missing two fingers on his right hand.

‘The characters of players who succeed on a Perception +
Investigation roll (difficulty 7) notice two details: First, there

are no signs of struggle, which suggests that Roland was
surprised. Second, his body is missing his leather belt and
scabbard, tems thathe always wore inthe character' presence,
Attempts to use Disciplines yields varying results. Bear
in mind that Roland's murderer was a skilled assassin who
bore no ill will rowand his targer. Rather, he acted with cold
precision, according to the orders he received from his
superiors. Therefore, the Spiti's Touch and similar Disci-
plines reveal only that the murderer was a male Cainite

Te SCENE OF THE CRIME

The coterie may also wish to examine the erime scene.
Again, Guilelmo is happy to provide them with the locale
This time, he does not put them under guard. Instead, he
simply directs them to a small warchouse (which merchants
use rostore their goods) near the water'sedge. This particular
warehouse belongs toa family of Byzantine expatriatesby the
name of Mouzakios.

Entering the warehouse is not difficult, since the
Mouzakiosdonotkeep it under guard. The structure contains
mostly wood (especially cedar) and other building materials.
‘According t0 Guilelmo, Roland was found by several of
‘arses' ghouls while making their usual rounds on the docks.
If they wish, they may speak with the ghouls. The ghouls
provide little additional insight, except to say that their
masterhaskept the warehouse under surveillance because he
believed it was being used as a meeting place by Cainices.

hhave no idea which Cainites, and they refer the
characters to Narses if their questions become too probing

The body was found in apile of sawdust toward the back
of the warchouse. The pile is still mixed with some of the
black dust that poured out of Roland's boxy. Looking care-
fully on the floor reveals several sets of footprints in the
sawdust. Some clearly belong to the ghouls. Another set
belongs to Roland. However, there is another set visible as,
well. This set leads to a window, suggesting that someone,
entered the warehouse by that method. A successful Percep:
tion + Investigation roll (difficulty 6) reveals that light
traveling boots made the third set of footprints.

INTERVIEWS

The coterie may desire to speak with other Cainites to
gather further clues. Ifthey do so, the Storyteller should use
thefollowingnotestoaidin roleplayingthe interviews. They
are nonlinear, and they may be used in any order.

The Ventrue

Lanzo von Sachsen does nor speak with the characters.
He is convinced that they are Roland's murderers, and he
doesnorassist them in their investigation. However, Aimery
de Versey speaks with them, provided he can do so out of
Lanzo's earshot. Unlike his master, Aimery does not dislike
the characters. He emphasizes that he wishes to see Roland's
murderers brought to justice

‘Aimery says he hadn't seen Roland after the council
meeting the night of his death. They were supposed to meet
later to discuss strategy, but they never did. He grew con-

VENETIAN NIGHTS


cemed, but Lanzo told him not to worry. When he did not
return tohisrestingplace, Aimery knew thatsomething had
happened. Beyond thar, he knows litle. He suggests, how-
ever, that they speak with Anna Sgorina. Afterall, Roland
was found murdered in a Byzantine warehouse. Moreover,
she was the one who connected the bloodroot flower with
them. Perhaps she has some insight into this matter.

The Lasombra

Tommaso Brexiano speaks with the characters gladly,
as does Lucita of Aragon. This should strike them as odd,
considering the fact that he sponsored che accusations
against them. When asked about this, Tommaso smiles
insouciantly and explains that something had to distract
Lanzo. He admits thathe doesn'tbelieve the charges against
them and that he agreed to speak against them only to keep
his opponent off-balance. Tommaso offers no apologies for
this strategy, adding that it has worked brilliantly thus far.
The Ventrueare clearly distracted; he expectsthe council to
supporthisown position in theend. Tormmasohasno further
information that he shares with the coterie.

Like Aimery, Lucita agrees to speak with the characters
— alone. She cannot help them directly, and she would
never act against her clan, butshe tells hem that bloodroot
poison is very rare indeed. Ie's deadly to handle, and only a
skilled assassin would dare use it. She suggests that the true
‘murderers are not simple thugs, but trained killers with
remarkable abilities, possibly Assamies. She's seen their
handiwork in Spain, and she suggests that they may be at
work in Venice as well

Khadijah Saadeh

The Muslim delegate sympathizes greatly with the
coterie'splight. She explains thatshe attempted tointercede
on their behalf, but Lanzo is adamant in his position.
Khadijah knows little of obvious interest to the characters.
If asked about Assamites, she shudders and admits, albeit
reluctantly, that_a murder of this sore could be theirs.
Uniortunately, Khadijah has no evidence of any Assamies
in Venice.

‘Anna Sgorina

Anna sees the characters willingly. She apologizes
profusely forhavinginadvertently fingered them forRoland's
murder. That was not her intention. Like Khadijah, she
claims to have asked Lanzo to withdraw the charges, bur to
no avail.

If asked about the Mouzakios family and their ware-
house, she becomesobviously uncomfortable, Herdemeanor
darkens, and she answers questions evasively. If pressed, she
admits thatseveral membersof the Mouzakios family are her
ghouls, She admits that sharing blood with mortals without
the prince's permission is a breach of tradition, but she
defends her actions as a necessity. Ac this point, Anna
explains her quest to find lost books of the Library of the
Forgotten in Venice, if the coterie seems interested in such
matters. However, she denies that either she or her secret

BITTER CRUSADE

ghoulshad anything todo with Roland's murder. Should the
Characters pursue this point, Anna asks the characters t0
leave her chambers immediately. She answers no further
questions from them.

Nicolo and the Nosferatu

Ifthecoterie encountered the Nosferatuinactone,they
may consider asking them about Roland's murder. If they
have not, the Storyteller should introduce them at some
pointin the investigation. Nicolohasseveral valuable pieces.
of information. He can confirm that Narses' ghouls make
regular sweeps through the city. They are relentless in their
pursuit of anyone or anything out of the ordinary, ensuring
that the prince is always well informed about happenings in
his city.

Although he did nor see Roland killed, Nicolo did see
something unusual at the Mouzakios warehouse: A mortal
‘entered and left the building. Nicolo doesn't know who the
mortal is, although he has seen him on several occasions
wandering the streets at night.

"The mortal he saw was Rodrigue de Navarre on a late
nightreconnaisance mission. Nicolocandescribe Rostrigue's
physical appearance for the characters, should they wish to
find him. He explains that Rodrigue doesn't seem to be a
crusader. He isapparently in Venice for other reasons. Nicolo
believes him to be seeking Cainites, but he cannot prove it.

Ifasked about Assamites, Nicolo is more uncertain. As
he stated before, he' seen atleast one Saracen Cainite beside
those in Khadijah's entourage. (This is Ziyad al-Djahis,

although Nicolo has no way of knowing that.) He's seen the
Saracen in several locales — all of them near the water.
Narses
Speaking with Narses proves difficult, since he wishes

o remain aloof from the investigation. However, he doe
grantashortaudience. The prince admits that he believes
that the characters are innocent. He feels that an outside
— perhaps from North Africa, he suggests —
sible for Roland'sdeath. He points tothe bloodroot
as proof of his contention.

Narses also admits that he uses ghouls to keep abreast of
happenings in Venice. As prince, he needs to remain in-
formed. He bridles at any suggestion that this is somehow
tunusual, saying that it is practices such as this that have
convinced him of the characters' innocence. Afterall, what
sort of prince would he be without ghoul spies?

Other Interviews

The coterie may wish to interview other Cainites and
the servants, Allow the characters to do so, but keep a few
facts in mind. First, no one saw Roland after he left the
council chambers on the night he was murdered — except
Rodrigue and Ziyad. Second, every Cainite has a good alibi
for her whereabouts that night, for which others vouch.

cis a general consensus that it is very unusual (0
see Lanzo and Tommaso cooperate in anything.


ScENE Eig:
RopRIGUE DE NAVARRE

To run this scene, the characters must learn that a
mortal entered the Mouzakios warehouse on the night of
Roland's murder. Thisperson is Rodrigue de Navarre. Using
Nicolo's description anda successful Manipulation + Inves-
tigation roll (difficulty 7), they should have no trouble
locating him.
c isunknown to most Cainites in Venice. Only
ym France or Iberia might have some
inkling of his identity. He rents a small series of rooms in a
boarding hous with two other mortals:
ignen le Lil Like himself,
theyhave followed the tail ofthe
hoping to strike a blow aga
WITNES
Rodrigue has information about Roland's dea
that no one else possesses. Consequently, the char-
quire it. Arranging to meet Rodrigue
requires finesse and careful preparation. Although
he has not yet encountered a genuine Cainite, he
gathered enough information that he could
prove dangerous.

actersneed toa

eS

hi

fy

The most obvious solutions are the use of Discipl
(such as Auspex, Dominate or even Presence) to wrest
information from him. Other options include disguises (or
Obfuscate) to mask the characters' true identities, Storytell-
ers should remember that Rodrigue, though mortal, has
strong will. He is not fooled easily — especially by strangers
asking probing questions about his nocturnal activites.

Nevertheless, itis possible to glean information about
Roland's Final Death. Rodrigue explains thar he came to
Venicetogain entrance tothe Monastery ofSt.Pantaleimon.
Hebelievesthardark forcesare at workt
totum the crusade to their evil will

sometimes with his companions, som:

‘On the night of Roland's death, he he
sound — a dull thud — coming from the Mou
house. He entered through a window and sawamandoubled
‘overin pain. He also saw what he thought was another figure

i shadows. Rodrigue could not
ause he was concemed about the
‘wounded man, That man was Roland.

What Rodrigue sawhorrified andamazed him. Theman
in pain was no man at all but a creature of night. Rodrigue
says that he knows this because black ash poured of the
creature's orifices. Once the creature was dead, he ap
proached it and examined the body,

WML Sa

Tee ED) age


‘On the body, he found an omate leather belt and
scabbard, which he removed. Sheathed in the scabbard was
strangely curved dagger, which he shows to the characters,
if they ask. The dagger bears unusual markings on the blade.
A successful Intelligence + Occult (difficulty 7) roll allows
the characters to recognize it asa ritual dagger honoring Set.
If no characters possess sufficient skills to recognize it, there
are numerous local Cainites to whom they could cum for
assistance, includingGuilelmo—who'llbemorethan happy
to reveal this information. Rodrigue also took two tokens of
hisdiscovery —fingershe snapped from the monster'sbrictle
compse. He shows those to the characters as well.

Beyond this, Rodrigue knows nothing else. If he re-
mains convinced of the characters' sincerity (that i, iftheir
ruse continues t0 work), he offers to share his knowledge of
the ereatures of the night with them. He needs additional
help if the bartle against che darkness isto be successful. At
present, Rodrigue knows only snippets about Cainites. He is
not currently genuine threat to them, but that will change.

SceNE Nive: THe MaApNEss
OF GAUTHIER DE DAMPIERE

This oprional scene may be inserted whenever the
‘Storyteller deems it appropriate. Whether the scene is used
‘ornot, thecharactersshould learn of Gauthier'sexistence —
if only to lay the groundwork for his reappearanc

Bitter Crusade.

Mos Rate

The coterie encounters large crowd of mortals encie-
cling a wild-eyed knight. The knight is Gauthier, and he
exhorts the crowd (in broken Italian) to "recognize the evil

yourmidst." His tirade lastsseveral minutes, during which
time he tells the crowd, "The enemies of God must be
brought low, just as Judas Machabeus did to the Greeks." If
the characters have already met Rodrigue, they notice him
observing Gauthier from a discreet distance.

Gauthier mesmerizes the crowd. He urges the crowd t0
"go forth and destroy evil wherever you find it." The mob
doessoimmediately in whatever fashion the Storytellersees
fit. The people may turn on innocent foreigners in Venice,
an unfortunate Cainite or even the coterie. Wharever the
cease, this scene should drive home the potential power —
and madness— of faith (and True Faith) unleashed.

Act THREE
‘You SHALL KNow
THE TRUTH

This act concludes the story, as the characters piece
together the information that they have gathered and come
face to face with their enemies. This act represents a true
climax. The tension and paranoia that have been building

BITTER CRUSADE

since the coterie artived in Venice finally explodes into
violence — with repercussions that last for years to come.
x ‘
ScENE TEN: Two-HEADED
SERPENT

Once the characters have obtained the Setite dagger
from Rodrigue (or at least learned of its existence), they will
likely wish ro confront either Lanzo or Aimery with this
information. Lanzo still does not wish to speak with them. If
they go to Aimery's resting place to speak with him, they'll
be startled by the sounds of combat from within.

Entering, thecotericcatchesafleetingglimpse of Aimery
jumping out a window, followed by a dark-robed figure
armed with a sword. The dark-robed figure is Ziyad al-Djahiz
who has come to eliminate the other Setite agent in Venice.
The room itself is a shambles, filled with broken furniture
and shattered masonry. If the characters look out the wine
dow, they'llsee Aimery disappeardown thecity'scobblestone
streets, His mysterious pursuer is right behind him,

To Catcu A SNAKE

More than likely, the characters wish to follow Aimery
and hisassailane. In that case, the Storyteller should prepare
arollickingchase through thestreetsof Veni
sequence is extremely cinematic in nature. Con
use the environment to the fullest. Dark alleyways, narrow
streets, vertiginous rooftops and canals — you can't forget
the canals —all form the landscape with which the coterie
must contend as they follow these two Cainites,

As the chase continues through the city, allow players
occasional Perception + Alertness rolls. If successful, their
characters catch a glimpse of someone paralleling their
movements. They eventually recognize that this person is
neither Aimery nor Ziyad, butsomeone entirely different. In
fact, it is Fatima al-Faqadi, who has decided to observe her
partner from a distance as he attempts to eliminate Aimery
once and for all.

My Enemy, My ALty

In time, the coterie catches up with Aimery, in which
caschehasnochoice but oface them. Hedoesnot surrender
to them. Instead, he asks them to help him against Ziyad.
Aimery explains thar his attacker is an Assamite, possibly
the same one who killed Roland. He appeals to the charac
ters' Christian solidarity (if appropriate) to defend hie
against the "Saracen killer."

Shortly thereafter, Ziyad appears. He uses hisabilitiesto
the utmost as he attempt to kill Aimery. The Storyteller
should use Ziyad wisely. Emphasize his frightening Assamite
fighting abilities, but do not overshadow the coterie. This
fight should not degenerate into a set piece between two.
Storyteller characters, with the coterie watching on the
sidelines. This is the climax of Venetian Nights and they.
should take part in it. Remember to make the most of

lines like Celerity, Fortitude, and Porence, which


have immediate uses in combat. Both Aimery and Ziyad are
‘ough opponents, and the characters should recognize that.
This scene can unfold in several ways. Ifthe characters
join Aimery and defeat Ziyad, the Setite thanks them
jyolusely for their aid. If confronted with evidence that
Roland was a Setite, Aimery feigns surprise, hoping to fool
thecoterie. Should this tactic succeed, he vows to return to
Lao and clear their good names. Aimery then continues
his work for the Followers of Ser, despite the failure of his
schemes in Venice. Ifthe characters don't fall forhisruse, he
attempts to escape rather than fight. However, iffaced with
noother option, Aimery fights fiercely —and to the death.
nthe other hand, ifthe coterie joins Ziyad and defeats
Aimery, the Assamite acknowledges the characters' abil
tic, praising them as worthy opponents. He then draws his,
seaponsand attacks them as well—forhis mission requires
tharthere be nowitnesses. Like Aimery, Ziyad fightsfiercely,
and to the death. He uses both his natural abilities and
Disciplines to best the characters. Ziyad's blades are coated
with bloodroot poison. Playersofcharacters woundedby the
Hades must make Stamina + Fortitude roll (difficulty 3) or
the vampires suffer ewo points of aggravated damage per h
‘Any character who takes the time to look (and whose
slayer makes a successful Perception + Alertness roll) no-
tices that che melee is watched from the rooftop by the same
shadowy figure they may have seen before — Fatima al-
Fagadi. She does not enter the combat, even should Ziyad
fll before the characters. If he is defeated, Fatima simply
shakes her head in sadness and disappears into the night.

ScENE ELEVEN:
AND THE TRUTH SHALL
Ser You FREE

Thisscene wrapsup Venetian Nights, as the characters
present evidence of their innocence to Narses. If both
‘Aimery and Ziyad have been defeated, the coterie has more
than enough proof that it was an Assamite who murdered
Roland. Moreover, they can show that the Setites had
influated Clan Ventre in an attempt to better their own
positon in Egypt. This evidence throws the Cainites into
‘uproar, but Guilelmo silences the assembly, as Narses pro-
ounces the characters innocent of the charges against
them. They are now free to go.

Once More UNTO THE BREHCH

After Narsespronounceshis verdict, Lanzo von Sachsen
approaches the characters. Asaman of honor, he apologizes
forhiseror in judgment, He hopes thar, despite everything
that has transpired, they will still suppore the Ventrue's
position to attack Egype. Tommaso Brexiano overhears this
apology and mocks Lanzo, He asks how anyone could still

consider Egype.a fitting destination for the crusade. To do so
plays into the hands of the Setites. Hasn't Lanco leamed
anything? The bickering of previous nights begins anew,
with every faction assuming its pre-murder footing.

As the characters ponder this situation, Guilelmo
‘Aliprando approaches them and asksifthey would come with
him. He ushers them into small side room, where Narsessits
in a simple wooden chair. He smiles at the characters while
Guilelmo closes the door on the chaotic assembly.

Narses explains that the arguments outside do not
matter. The mortals have already decided the crusade's
destination: Dalmatia. The crusaders cannot pay their debt
to the Venetians, so they have agreed to settle "a small
problem" for them, as a way ro set matters right. If the
Cainites wish to have any influence in this crusade, they
‘must follow in the mortals' wake, not the other way around.

Smiling eerily again, the prince explains that these
times are troubled. The old ways are crumbling, and a new:
world is waiting to be born. If Cainites are not to be swept
away by it, they must be prepared. To that end, he asks the.
characters if they would serve as his eyes and ears on the
crusade. He needs self-reliant, clever agents — people like
the characters. They need not do anything more than
provide information to him: lettersand other messages. Ifhe
requires more, he will ask for it when the time comes.

arses is prepared to offer the coterie whatever asis-
tance he can. He has some influence among the Heretics of
Eastem Europe. If they need it, he can send letters of
introduction tosmooth their passage through the region. He
ay offer other incentives as well, at your leisure. Whatever
these incentives are, emphasize that dealing with Narsesisa
bargain with the Devil. There will be a price to pay —if not
now, then later.

EPILOGUE

The crusading host sets sal in late August 1202 for the
Dalmatian coast todo the bidding ofthe Venetians. Among,
them are many Cainites, most in a state of disbelief at their
impotence. Mortals set the agenda for this crusade, and all
theweeksof Cainitearguing were fornaught. Perhaps arses,
is right. Perhaps this is the beginning of a new age in which
Cainites no longer control the destiny of Europe.

Most of the delegates return home to their clans. Only.
Lanzo von Sachsen accompanies the crusaders, feeling that
he cannot abandon them, even if he believes theie destina-
tion tobe foolish. Khadijah Saadeh returns to Muslim lands,
hoping that she has had some positive impact upon the
Christians. Lucita makes her way back to Spain. where
Fatimaalsojourneys. Theirrole in thisdramaisdone, but the
coterie's is just beginning.

VENETIAN NIGHTS


PRESCOT


entzeat the north u
Po make his Heals winds kiss my
pouched lips
Gnd comboct me voith cof


INTRODUCTION

‘You can choose your friends, but you're stuck with your
family for the restof your life. If you're especially unluc
seuck forthe rest of your uni
Theshacklesoffailialretationscarry with themthetenets
of loyalty, obligation and duty. Fiendish Winter tests the
strength of these shackles, examining just how far they can be
stretched before snapping, The story starts during the winter of
1202 in the city of Zara, which is occupied by the soldier of the
discoversa Trimisce:

toa lange asembly of Christian holy warriors

Charged with stopping these machinations before the
crusaders recognize the darkness amongst them, the coterie
travels co the sire' land hold in Transylvania to

. They soon become

Transylvanian politics, eaming that a Carpathian Fiend plans
to obliterate the land hold and all within. The lord offers to
rescind his campaign of tenor in Zaraifthey help him hold out
against the voivode. They must use their wits to ensure that the
crusaders don't tum their wrath upon all of Cainite sociery.

THEME

Fiendish Winter weaves together three central themes:
family, destruction and rebirth. The ties of family are those that
bind, often directingourlivesin ways that we would never have
imagined, This assertion isno less valid among vampires, forthe

notion of generation, the importance of blood and the relation-

ship ofthe sie and childe are bound to the concept. The clan
itselfis more of an extended family to aCainite than a fatemal
order. Family drivesthe intriguesofthe Transylvanian lordacthe
center of this tale.

Destruction isalso key to thisstory. Cainitesare inherently
creatures of death, for they must feed upon human blood to
survive. Yet they fear the Final Death, the abject obliteration of,
their very existence, nearly as much as they fear che utter
consumption of their personalities by the Beast. Destruction
serves a a bookend to Fiendish Winter, from the Cainite
devastation of the Transylvanian land hold to the mortals)
eventual annihilation of Zara. The capacity for destruction rests
within everyone, be they live or undead.

Rebirthisfamiliartoall whohave undergone the Embrace.
That from the predictable comforts and fearsof mortal life into
the harsh, predatory darkness of the ni are well
aware of what they leave behind, Birth is pain
frightening, rebirth isno easier, as one can never forget the past
now los. The dealings of Myca Vykos, while presently innocn-
ous, lay the grounchwork for Michael of Constantinople's Dream
to continue and the subsequent creation of the Sabbat. The
survivors ofthe attacks on the land hold and Zara serv
epilogue to the destruction of those cites.

Moon
Fiendish Winter's mood foreshadows inevitable destruc-
tion on a massive scale. The characters shoul

BITTER CRUSADE

sense ofimpending inexorable conflict. Whilein Zara,theyhave.
the constant sensation that their immediate surroundings could
explode into horrific violence at any moment. The kettle is
frothing,andany varieryofcatalystscould set ittoboil over. From
therightcous frustration ofthe crusaderstothe impotent anger of
the local population, Zara is a bonfire looking fora torch.

Once in the land hold of Toth, the situation remains tense
Initial dealings with the boyararestrainedandconfusing, leading
to the sudden appearance of a great enemy promising theit
struction. After brokering a hasty truce with the oye, the
charactersseejust what the angry voivode can provide o flfillhis
promise. Homie violence isall around, and the coterie must do,
what it can to survive. The characters' retum to find Zara
ransacked echoes the conflict they've left in Toth on a much,
larger scale, This reminder of the crusaders unpredictable and
uncontrollable nature serves as somber foreshadowing for the
events of Dying Embers.

BackGROUND

As is often the case with family dramas, the events in
Fiendish Winter stem from a rich wellspring of hatreds and
affections. The stories of the Teimisce clan and the mortal Toth
family intertwine like poisoned vines, each trying to choke the
other. In the end, the coterie must know which weed to cut

SrorM FRONT

Zubor, chide of Gesu, known and respected amongst
Constantinople's Obertus Tsimisce, retumed to hishomeland of
Transylvanian 1147, charged by Gesu himself with the construc-
sion ofan Obertus monastery on Transylvanian soil. The bulk of
the Second Crusade'sarrival in Constantinople served as insta
tion, reinforcing Gesu' deste to strengthen his ties with the old
country houldmortalstum theirattention upon Cainitematters
Zuborscemed the perfectcandidate, forhisknowledge ofthe land
from his mortal life would serve him well, while his skills in
diplomacy were hoped to win over the Old Country Teimisce

Voivade Koban, childe of Nori, known and feared by
moral and Cainite Transylvanians alike, began his feud with
Zubor in the winter of 1149. Zubor senthisown childe to speak

h Koban, whose landsexisted a handful of miles othe east of

thenewly built monastery. A package arrived atthe stepsof the
monastery one week later, containing the pressed and cleaned
fleshofhischilde with writingupontheskin. Thecourteousletter
asserted Koban's domain over the region and asked Zubor to
travel to Koban's land within one month for is rightful execu
tion, or ebe consider the missive a formal declaration of wat. For
the next decade Koban toyed with Zubor, sending 2 trivial
amount of revenants and sdlacha war ghouls to make things
dificule for his hapless neighbor.

Zubor'sconstantroquestsforreinforcementsfrom Byzantium,
eventually grew wearying to his fellow Obertus. His peers
considered the endeavor a failure, and Gesu authorized his ally
Baron Thomas Feroux in the fll of 1162 co send outa pack of
Gangrel to destroy Koban and Zubor, in that order. The pack
wounded Koban severely, killing many revenants and childer
before itwasstopped. Shocked andincensed to discoverthat the


Oberrus mouse had grown fangs, Koban senta lage force toburn,
the monastery to the ground,

Zuibor flew west at the fist sign of trouble. Fearing that his,
retum to Constantinople would lead to severe censure or Final
Death, hesought sanctuary where he could regroup and plan is
next move, His prayers were answered when he stumbled across
the lands of Bodor Toth, a noble with a minor holding in the
vvestem fringes of the Transylvanian Alps. Through guile, he
secured a private audience with Bodor where he Embraced the
hapless hoya.

Even as Zubor'sblood began its flow through Bodor'sveins,
aiguird rapped at the door, shouting that a dozen armed riders
‘wereapproachingthetownof Toth. Zuborrushedtothewindow
andrecognized the approachingridersasKoban'smen. Hisplans
of using the boyar as a puppet shattered. He panicked and fled;
the newly Embraced Bodor Toth was no longer par of his
plans. Zubor managed to evade Koban'smen foranother
vweek before they captured him and brought him back
to Koban,

The Transylvanian veivode did his best ©
show Zubor exactly why the rage of elder
Fiendsisso feared among Cainites. After
afallmonthofperpetual orture, Koban.
informed Zubor chac ic was time t0
experience the Final Death. Zubor's
reponse was to curse Koban
elaborately, prophesizing thar
theTransylva
die by Zubor's own blood.

‘Although he was rated,
Koban ritually slaugh-
tered Zubor and bumed
hisremains to ashes. Regard-
les, the seeds of fear
planted, and Zubor's final

rophecyweighedheavily
con Koban's mind.

ORPHANED

Unbeknownst ro
Koban, Zubor's prog-
eny was just begin
comprehend his new existence.
He picked up the basics of vam-
pirismquickly, feigning llnessto
his family and advisors until he
knew what had happened. Al-
though he was initially ho
his aflirion soon became fascinating
Nevertheless hislove forhis family led Bodor tocallhischildren
txforehim andexplain hissituation. He thoughthewasstricken,
\withsomesortofcurse, andhe fearedthathe wouldnotlastmuch,
longer.

‘Although his eldest daughter Remenyke was unable t0
contain her honor, the rest of his children were affected in their
vn ways. Hiseldestson, Dévald, sought what wasbestfor Toth,

offering to bear the burden of leadership until his father was no
longerafflicted. Middleson, Kiliin,ofteredtoscourtheendsofthe
earth for knowledge of what had befallen his father, while
daughter Angyalka wished toconsulewithawise woman in Toth
tofinda cure. The youngtwins, son Farkasand daughterErebet,
swore co remain by their father's side. As they wished, so it was.

their lord, for it seemed that Dé
responsibility of rulership while Bodor remained confined to his
sickhed. This misperception suited Bodorfine and allowed him
toexperiment with hisnew bodyand discover the secrets buried
within his blood. Devoid of asire to watch over him, he fll into
a terrible frenzy twice before recognizing the limitation of
his new existence. The servants' bodies were buried far
from the land hold, and thase who pondered theirfate were

ledtobelieve thatthey had fled for greenerlands.

AMILY Marrers
Kilién returned in 1165 with a woman
named Lempi Mannisers
nist Tremere who had
Hearing alesofalord ith
it simp (© vale: invo Tosh
handedly, Unfortu :
aut te cts
to interrogate her about the secrets of
blood, the workings of
and the limits of the
though Bodor thought
‘wher he had leamedall he could, he feared that Kilin's
axkliction tothe tasteofherbloodcouldno
longer be sated ifshe died. Kilign
initallysoughtrofreetheTremere
and attack his father, so Boor
» had him chained up in the
dungeon. Once Bodor dis-
coveredthesecressofthe
bloodeath, heboundand
nchained his son, conf
dent that the conflicting
passionswouldkeep
Kilian from
king
trouble. Con-
7% iocal of hs
son's doc,

ef cuhing Sb ane Lenptia dv aire

keepingheralive with theoccasionaltrickleofhisownbloot

The Curse of Caine slowly bur surely perverted Badr' lave
forhischildren,forhisaffecrions grew cloyingand overprotective
swith thepasageoftime. Through the racked ensofimmortality,
his feelings for them distorted, magnifying in some instances and
diminishing in others. He offered the gift of the Embrace to each
of them so that they, 100, could live forever. Only the twins
accepted his offer, and Remenyke's terror caused her toflee Toth
and the creature that her father had become. Although Bodor

NDISH WIN


moumedher departure, heconsoled himself with the Embrace of
Farkas and Ereebet, Farkas set out at the behest of his father to
locatemoreoftheitkind, Histravelstookhim through Zarawhere
he fellin with che Obertus Teimisce and committed to hisstucies,
sending information to his father secretly in Transylvania. He
never realized his familial connection to these Byzantine vam-
pires. Ereeber remained in Toth, hoping to leam from her father.

Bodor's interest in mortal affairs dwindled with time, and
heconspired tofakehis own death sothatDévaldcould control
the land hold. All of Toth moumed the passing of their boyar
in late 1171, and Dévald publicly accepted the mantle fast
wom by his father. Meanwhile Bodorcrafted hisbody into that
‘ofa Moor, and he was introduced a few weeks later as Magib,"
an alchemist with whom the elder Toth had held a long
correspondence. Dévald worried that his father would try to
rule chrough him, buthe found that Magib wished only to lock,
himself in his tower and experiment.

A Cuipe's DEMISE

‘The Fourth Crusade arrives in Zara three decades later.
Gauthier de Dampiere and his men stumble upon the Obertus
monastery duringthe crusiden'sackof the city. Theydestroythe
monastery and all within, buming mortal and Cainite alike.

Bodor feels his son and childe Farkas die as the blood oath
severs In his anger, he blames Gauthier (his men by extension)
and ultimately, che entiety ofthe mila Christfor the death of his
son. Under Erebets direction, he organizes a small force of men
under her command and sends them to Zara to implement a
campaign of error and revenge. Dévald's previously unfounded
fears surface once again. He worries that Bodor will atempe to
regain control of Toth and tum him into puppet. However, he
aceedes to Bodor's wishes outof love forhisfatherand sorrow over
Farkas' death

Erzebet and her men rush to Zara before the onset of winter
can delay their joumey. After asessing the attitudes of the
<crusadersand the townsfolk, she setsher plansin motion byhieting
the pilgrims where they hurt most: their stomachs. They work
quickly to poison wells and destroy stores of food.

The prospect of rationed food through the winter was asore
subject before Ereber arrived, and now it threatens to cause Zara
toboilover. The local vampiric prince, a Malkavian named Gari,
is terified. He fears that the artival of the crusade and the recent
attacksare mesagesdirectedathim, andhe would notbesurprised
to find Cainite involvement in the matter. He sees enemies
wherever he looks, bute also keepsan eye out for potential allies.

Meanwhile, rouble brews in Transylvania. Remenykespent
most of 20 years running from the evil that befell her father
Unfortunately, she knew justenough about vampirism tet into
trouble. Making the wrong comments in the wrong place was
enough todrop herintoKotan'slap. Herstorycame tolight,along
with Zubors Embrace ofher father. Koban drew as much informa
tion out of her as he could about her father, his holding and his,
defenses before she slipped away. Even now, he commits forces t0
the destruction of Zubor's progeny, preparing to wage a war of
autrition against the Transylvanian lord.

BITTER CRUSHDE,

Tue Plot

Fiendish Winter comprises ewo acts and takes the charac
ters from Dalmatia to Transylvania through the course ofboth.

‘Act One: Frost on the Vine introduces the characters to
the trouble stirring in Zara and has Prince Gari entreat them to
put an end to the attacks on the city's food stores. After
‘examining the scene of a fesh attack, chey determine that the
culpricis a Cainite. Following various leads exposes a Teimisce
whom the characters capture and bring before Gari. They learn
thatshe's trying toavengeher brother'sdeath atthe handsofthe
crusaders and thatsheheads the first force of many toarrive from
the Transylvanian land hold of Toth. Gan implores the coterie
totravelto Toth and negotiate forpeace before the crusaerstear

arato pieces. The Byzantine Fiend Myca Vykos accompani

them to help their negotiations,

Act Twor Frostbite follows thecoterie'stravelstoTothand
its dealings with the populace and Koban. The characters meet
themortal bayer of Tothand begin negotiationsforthe cessation
of attacks on Zara. While they await the decision of the Boyar,
mminion oftival Voivode Koban delivershisproclamationof tral
bywar. The coterie uncovers Bodor Toth'sdisguiseasMagiband
that he is responsible for the attempted retribution on the
crusadersin Zara. A hasty deals brokered in which Bodor agrees
to suspend his campaign of terror ifthe characters assist in
defending Toth from Koban's onslaught. They participate in a

We Don't Like Your KINE
AROUND HER
nuch of the plot centers on the
misce, its entirely possible to in-
Jude Tremere characters in Fiendish Winter. The
Toth family is aware of many of the preconceptions
that litter Cainite society, yet only in the most d
tached of manners. Bodor's connection to vampirism
his own self-discovery. With no tutor to
reinforce age-old traditions and the inherent stereo-
types that follow, he can acknowledge that Teimisce
hate Tremere without following through himself, He
‘may havesomeconcernsregardingmembersofLempi's

Although

noopingabout hishomeand discoveringher, but
t Bo out of his way to dislike such characters
any more than he already does
Even Myca Vykos loesn'epresentmuch
of an obstacle. Although he is Tzimisce, he's smart
enough to recognize that the characters are more
useful to him as pawns than as rivals. The Tai
Tremere asstronely amongthe
as among the Carpathian Fiends, so Vykos is ir less
homicidal toward Usurpers than some players might
expect. That doesn't mean he would trust a Tremere
— but there are few people Vykos does trust.
Voivode Koban may have a different view on
Tremere characters, but since he is the villain of the

ardoesn'tra

story, such


nclined can become a part of the

Soon, the force makes
defenses in minor raids. Koban
s the full onslaught of his forces. The survival of

sthe land hol

‘Toth remains dependent on the coterie's wits and actions.

SETTING
From the Dalmatian coast to the Transyh
Fiendish Winter coversmuch ground. Theclim:
saxs the importance of these travels. The story begins amidst
civilization and one of Zara's famously mild winters. The char-
acters leave these conditions behind them in their trek to Toth
and the harsh onset of winter. The further they travel, the
worse the weather becomes. Their arrival in the small packet of
civilization that is Toth finds them amidst daily blizzards.
Formore information on these towns, see Zara'sdescription.
inthe introduction (p. 12) and Toth's synopsis at the beginning

ofact two (p. 44).

How To INCLUDE THE
CHARACTERS

Fiendish Winter assumes thatthe charactersare tailing the
othe

arrival to early November

written. Ifthey travel with d

Zarayan life before Gari begins his search for Cainites.
IrisalsoposibletoraFiendish Winterasastand-alonestory

Perhapssome business roquiresthe coterie 7

most unfortunate of times, allowing them to experience the

crusade fromthe oppositesidein the all of1202. Theymustendure

therwo-week siegeandsack ofthe ity, theriotingof the crusaders,

and then leam how to survive under Venetian authority

AGENDAS
Nearly everybody in Fiendish Winter has his own plans,
nd with a little work, you can ensure that each on es awry
The following are shore summaries of groups the coterie can
encounter and a brief description of their goals.

* Crusaders: The majority of the crusaders merely want to
getthrough thiswinteratZaraso theycan proceedon tothe Holy
Land. Many ofthe Venetian leaders are concemed that Zara will
rebel immediate n they leave, and they are instituting
variousmeasurestokeep the city beneath theirthumbaftertheir
planned spring departure. If Rodrigue and Gauthier survived
‘Venetian Nights, they continue their search for evil and forma
tentative alliance to share their individual findings.


* Dalmatians: Gariwantsthecrusaders headsmountedon
pikes atop Zara's walls and the Venetians' mouths stuffed with
their own severed genitalia, Recognizing this outcome as un-
likely, hesetles for working toward their departure in the spring
withaslittledamagetoZamaspossible. Heseestherecentattacks
cn the food stores asa deliberate attempt to stir up trouble and
incite further violence, His immediate goal isto find whoever is
doingthisandstop thembefore theeventsofearly Novemberare
reprised. He has no aspiration to be a prince over rubble.

© The Toth Brood: Bodor desires vengeance forthedeath
of his youngest son. His skewed rage causes him to blame the
entire crusading host. Dévald wishes to honor his father's
requests, buthe earsthathe willseethemthroughattheexpense
‘of Toth tself Hetriesto temperhisfather'szeal with practicality,
but he is having a harder and harder time restraining Bodor's
desire for revenge. Kiliin searches for a way to end his reliance
‘upon Lempi so that he can flee Toth. After nearly four decades
in Toth, he'll do just about anything to escape. Ereebet wants
nothingmorethanherfather'sloveandattention. Thedirection
sheadds to her family's revenge would come apart in an instant
ifshe felt hat Bodor didn't wane it.

‘* Carpathian Fiends: Voivode Koban wants nothing less
than the utter destruction of Zubor's progeny. In order to make
thiscesirea reality, he plans toslay Bodor, Boxdor'sofspringand
everything in Toth that lives. He refuses to allow the Obertus
upstart to divert him from his path to further power and
enlightenment.

* ObertusFiends: Myca Vykosis weary ofhissire Symeon's
restrained feud with his brother, Gesu, Fornearlyadecade,hehas
watched his master descend into a dark depression notable only
for long periods of inaction. Because Symeon is Gesu' childe,
\Vykos has rationalized that the artificial pull of the blood oath.
prevents Symeon from doing what he wishes to do: betray his
brother. Therefore, Vykos has resolved to do what his master
cannot, and he i currently searching for a way to destroy Gesu
However, hecannot et Symeon know ofhisplans. He currently
seeks the support of the Carpathian Fiends before he makes his

next move.

Act ONE:
FRosT ON THE VINE

The Fourth Crusade is finally underway, and the seams are
already beginning to show. The mila Christ isn'c exactly the
well-oiled machine that its leaders hoped it would be, for an
undisciplined army with little central control proves itself
dificule to manage. General animosity between the Venetians
and the Franks had already sparked a rit in the final week of
November that led to open fighting in the strets.Ittook most
ofthe evening for the baronsto calm thei troops, and although
the casualties were few, the damage was already don

Zora remains in a state of restrained dread. The citizenry is
passing from the sate ofshock that came with the fll ofthe city
‘othe sullen acceprance ofa conquered people. Knowledge that
the Venetians bested them fills hem with rage, which is held in

BITTER CRUSADE

check solely by the preemptive brutality oftheircaptors How did
the crusaders, charged by che pope himself with furthering the
reach of Christendom, come to assault a Christian city, they
wonder. Why did these crusaders aid the holy places, taking the
most valuable of theommaments.as trophies? What caused them co
bum the Byzantine brothers' monastery to ash and powder,
puttingallwithintothetorch? These questions ingerintheairlike
a shriek in the dead of night, yet forall their questions, many
Zorayans remain incapable of doing anything more than pulling,
theshcetsovertheirheadsand prayingthatit'sallaterribledream.

Zarayan frustration does nothing oset the crusadersat ease
Although the Venetian leadership is pleased with the emascu-
lation of theirrivals, many who took the cross now question the
pastmonth'sevents. Innocent Ill'scondemnation of theirattack
leads many to believe that they are excommunicated and that
the entire purpose of their joumey is for naught. The Vene'
refuse to accept this fate without a formal papal bul
Franks fear for their souls. Compounding this unease
Frankish debt still unpaid to Venice and the sight of Zara
loaded onto Venetian ships, which leaves many Crusaders with
thesense that theyhavebeen used andswindled. The riotsoflate
November still linger in recent memory.

The doubling of the city's population at the onset of the
winter monthsisdeleterioustoeveryone'smorale. The rationing
of stored goods affects the Zarayans more than the crusaders, for
thebestfood first goestotheinvadersbeforetricklingdown tothe
cown'sown citizens. Thisarangement wouldnotbesoproblem-
atic ifthe years crops hadn't come up so short, but even the
nnonmally abundant fish aren't biting as much 2s they usually do.
‘The recent attacks on the food stores have thrown thisdelicate
balanceintodisarray. With the threatofriotsbecoming veryreal,
the fragile peace brokered by the crusade's leadership could
shatter ar any moment.

ScENE ONE:
STREET EMPLOYMENT

Gari, the Mad Prince of Zara leavesstandingorderswith his
small gang of street urchins to seek out any Cainites in the city
He remains les than impressed with the crusaders' response 10
theeventssuroundingthe atackson thefood Ratherthan have
their incompetence spawn further destruction to his city, he
planstotake mattersintohisown hands He wantstosend those
cof his kind to find out who is frightening the mortals so that he
can putastop toit. Unfortunately, the handful of Gari'sCainite
abject fled before the crusade's arival, and the only other
CCainites in thecity he knew of were the onesresiding within the
‘Obertus monastery. Now that all are dead, Gar isa prince with,
only a few ghoul subjects

Rightly assuming that Cainites have followed the crusxle
much in the same way that carrion crows trail any army, he
assigns his street urchins to look for signs of Cainites—drained
‘corpses, supernatural occurrences and suspiciously nocturnal
‘out-of-towners within general proximity of one another. Healso
uses ghoul dogs to seek our any vampires in the city directly
Ratherthantollingdicetosee whether ornotthecoterieisfound,


simply assume that chey are discovered within a day of their
anival. Should any one of the characters venture out, offhand-
ily mention a lone dog amidst a group of Zarayans as
foreshadowing,

Later chat night, they are approached by four of Garis gang
‘who bring a waming: The prince of Zara has requested their
presence within two night' time. Should they decline his,
invitation, they are not weleome to stay in his domain. The
characters receive directions to a small tavern in the harbor
Aisrict, and they are told to go there within two nights. The
goons refuse to say anything more, divulging only the message
thar they were entrusted to deliver.

Should they follow through and meet Garis men in the
tavern, the characters are led to the prince. Their arrival finds
Gari brooding in his "throne room" (i.e, the basement of a
butchery near the port). The stench of innards and muscle is
‘omnipresent until they reach the storage area, where the smell
of aled meat is nearly overpowering. Carcasses dangle from a
network of wooden slats overhead. Only careful scrutiny reveals,
thatnone of them are human. Toward the rearof the langeroom,
isanareathatservesas Gari'scourt;nocorpsesdangle there. Gari
stsona large wooden chairflankedby fourarmed ghouls. Pushed.
Inckagainstthe wallsaresmall eumpsforhisgangcositon when,
observing an audience.

Gari initially questions the coterie's business in Zara, their
intentions toward the city, their thoughts on the invaders, their
‘xigins and their history of working together, among other
things Heasksoneortwoquestionsofeach character, preferring
not to focus on one central spokesperson. All the while, he

observes them with both mortal and vampiric senses. If he
notices lie, he does not give any indication of i.

‘After Gariissatistied thathheunderstands theirdynamic,he
res them of the recent attacks on the mortal' food supply and
cfthefeargrippingthe city, Hespeaksofthe Obertusmonastery's
desruction at the hands of Gauthier de Dampiere and the
Frenchknight'songoingsearch forCainites Finally, hebringsup
the thousands of wintering crusaders, the hundreds of siege
‘weaponsstll presencin the harbor, the Venetians dislike ofthe
Jocal populace and the destruction they've already caused

That said, Gari asks for their help in discovering who is
Iehind thedestructionofthe food stores. Hemaintainsthat with
thecruserslookingforaculprt,ie'sonlyamatterof time before
they begin a witch-hunc and stumble across evidence of Cainite
‘exixence. Should this army of Christ — sanctioned by the pope
himself — find actual evidence of Cainites, the predator is
entizely too likely to become prey.

Thisis mostly chetoric that Gari expounds in onder to prey
upon their fears. He simply wants to keep hiscity from being tom.
to pices before the crusaders depart. Should the coterie be less
than impresed with his exhortations he tres to ascertain if their
interests coincide with that ofthe crusade. Ifhe thinks they are in
Zaratosee the crusade through, hepointsouthow thedestruction
offodsuff threatens their own agenda. After all, an underfed
amy isa weakened amy, and a weakened army iscasily broken.

Fraling this, he is willing to bargain. He considers the
satidactory completion ofthis task as a personal favor to be

repaid. If they press for more corporeal reward, he offers to pay
them a significant amount of money by July of 1203 (allowing
him time to profit from smuggling efforts in the spring). He's
willingtoofferanyothernumberofreasonabledeals,butifheand
thecoteriecan‘treconcile thenheaskstharthecharactersdepart
the city within one week

ScENE Two: DevitisH PLoT

Once the characters accept his proposal, Gari agrees to
provideareasonableamountofassistance inhelpingthemfindthe
unknown assailants For the duration oftheir seach, the coterie
hasaccessto hisnerwork of thievesand monetary backing, buthe
mustauthorizeallreimbursementoffunds He'snotgoingtolerthe
playersabuse hiscoin. The characters effectively have Contacts3
and Resources through the end ofthe actor until Gariseesficto
revoke them

‘Thescarch for the group behind these acts of teror should
initially seem quite daunting, The characters must discover an
unknown culprit within an unfamiliar city taking care to avoid
theattentionsofaconqueringarmy that akesitsfrustrationsout,
‘onthe local populace. They need to take care in theirsearch, but
itisentitely possible to fulfil their goals through discretion and,
persistence

The most obvious route is to look into the previous
attacks. Although most of what they hear is opinion and.
ill-informed speculation, asking around reveals the fol-
lowing information:

* Twobuildingsusedasgrain storesjustoutsce the city were
set aflame. The first person to arrive wasa farmer'sdaughter who
sovearsthatshesaw at least five figuresrunningaway from thefire

* Thrce wells generally used to provide water for livestock
vwere deemed poisoned when the animals that drank from them
dled overnight without any obvious marks on their bodies
Successful Intelligence + Herbalism, Survival, Medicine or
Science rolls show that the wells are not, in fact, poisoned.
Although most of the affected corpses have been bumed, one
particularly ley farmer hasnt gotten around ¢o destroying his,
dead animals. Succesful Intelligence + Medicine or Science
rollsshow, upon disection, that a wall of flesh hasclosed off the
breathing passages of each animal near the base of ts throat.

‘* Amerchancin the southem end of the city bought eas
fiom farmer, only todiscover that ome contained dead chicks
wwithscaly skin and blood -redeyes.A mob formedanddescended.
upon the farmer's ands, burning his property killing his live-
stock, butchering his family and crucifying him. The merchant
stillhasone of he eggs. Examination revealsmote indicationsof
theunnatural:thechickhasthreeheartsand nostomach, among
other abnormalities.

Feel fice to invent acklitional attacks if it helps speed the
investigation. Nore thar deformations of the livestock could
easily seem like the byproduct of a curse or an infemal manifes
tation, even to a character with Vicisitude. Firsthand, fairly
extensive experience with flesherafting is required to recognize
these strange happenings as the consequence of Vieisstude, as
the manipulations to the animals are quite subtle.

FIENDISH WINTER


Astowhoisbehindthe attacks, opinions vary wildly.Some
suspect a faction of crusaders, while others suspect rebel forces
backed by the Hungarian king. Many are quick to blame the
Bogomil Heresy, the perpetual scapegoats of the region. Among.
the rumors the coterie can find the occasional lead

+ Three days ago, a local man named Gast was bragging
drunkenly ina bar near the harbor thathe was ‘really sticking it
tothe Franks" and that‘the witch wil starve em out." The next
‘moming, he was found dead in the harbor, his heart removed
from thischest and stuffed intohis mouth. The wounds indicate
that ic was tom from his chest with bare hands rather than cut
with ablade, Asking around reveals Gast to bea tough-for-hire,
known more for his bad attitude than his discretion. Further
inquiry reveals that he often worked with a fellow merce
named Eduard. The latter has not been seen for the past 0¥0
weeks

* Apalewomanwithdarkhairwasassaultedinanalley near
the harbor by two Zarayan curpurses. The observer fled to alert
the watch, but when they arrived, both of the men were dead,
theirheartsmissing. The woman wasnotfound. Unfortunately,
the observer didn't get a good enough look at her to provide a
perfectdescription. Although thistalesoundsinitiallylikebogus
information that has nothing to do with destruction of food
srores, the characters are likely to suspect (correctly) that the
‘woman from this account and the "witch from the tale of Gast
are the same person.

Feel free to invent more clues thar give the characters a
better idea of who they'e facing, as well as afew red herrings
Although they still don't know exactly what they're dealing
with, sharing whae they've found with Gari allows him to pass
information along to his gang so thae they can narrows their
search. Although i's not necessary t0 use Viktor Supek as one.
‘ofGari'scontactsin theconstabulary,contactwith himnowean,
serve 0 foreshadow his involvernent in the following scene.

ScENE THREE:
A Savace DEED

‘Once the characters begin their search, itis vital to toss
thema lead. The meat ofthis scene occurs within afew days of
the character initial meeting with Gari, Uses introduction to
breakupaslow moment and thrust them intoaction. Ifpassble,
try to make their stumbling upon thisscene seem coincidental
If they are traveling through the streets at night, they hear
screaming few blocks away. Ifthey are indoors, pethapsone of
Gan's youths arrives and informs them of another attack.

However they become aware of a commotion, the coterie
arrives in the harbor district to find a distressed merchant arguing
in froncofasmall bam with two Zarayan constables who are now
working for the Venetians. A dozen bystanders linger about.
Eavesdropping lets them hear the merchant babble on about
"demon swine" and "devilfowl" Viktor Supek, the leadconstable,
seems les than impressed with the man, then he notices people
assembling and barks out at everybody to renur to their homes.

les then that Gauthier de Dampiere rides up with eight of
hismen. All wear mail shirts that appear hastily thrownon over

BITTER CRUSADE

museed clothing, with the crusaders cross featured prominently
on their persons, None have helmets, bur they are all
Gauthier leaps from his horse and dra his sword, den

tobe led to the demons. He goes on about how itishis right ro
destroy that which is an abomination in the eyes of God.

Viktor assumes he's talking about the deformed livestock
within the bam, However, he knows that the Franks have no
right to demand anythingin the Venetian quarter, and hesends
theotherconstable to bring moreof he watchasreinforcements
should things begin toget nasty. Heattemptstostall Gauthier by
‘engaging him into a discussion about "proper jurisdiction." He
speaks slowly and with great volume, attempting to artract more
onlookers. He hopes thata greatee number of Zarayan witnesses
will discourage the knights from trying anything stupid.

The heated argument provides a perfect distraction for the
‘coterie' investigation. With all attention on the exchange
between constable andknight,onlyabotched Stealth oll draws
the attention of either Viktor or Gauthier, You can use the
‘crusader and Byzantine ghoul templates (without Disciplines)
‘on page XX to represent the knights and mob ifneed be.

TwisTED BEASTS

Characters who enter the bam walk in upon an abattoir.
single lantern provides enough flickering light ro make out that
the hay on the floor is soaked and sticky with blood. The dank
smell of animals couples with a scent reminiscent of Gan's
headquarters entailsand fal. A soundofgutturaloinking.angry
clucking and earthy chewing emenges from the rear ofthe bam.

Exploration reveals two pigs with the snouts and teeth of
wolves tearing into the compse ofa third, unaltered pig. They
pause to stare atthe characters with angry eyes, blood drooling
from their mavs, before baring their teeth and emitting bizare
‘oink-growls. Also tothe rear ofthe bam are creatures that were
oncehens although theirsevered headsarenow attached atthe
center oftheir hacks. One legis removed and the other shifted
to the center of their undersides, forcing them to hop about to
move. A clutching claw made of their missing legis attached

s, LauGH Riots
J situation in which the players
That' fine. These games are about hav

Hoppine CHickE

This is an abst
might laus
ing fun, after all. But, although some elements of this
seene might seem humorous, don't play them up for
comedy. Let the players chuckle, but present things as
seriously as you can. If you meet their laughter with a
stoic face and stern manner, they should start to grow
uneasy, wondering why you aren't amused.

Deformed livestock is funny. The ease with which
single Tzimisce can use seven chickens and twc
tostart a riots chilling. Likewise, the act of secre
1 fleshcrafted hen under a greateoat is comi
ting caught with it and being torn limb from limb bya
panicked populaceisn't. Alwayskeep theconsequences
in mind, and do your best to k l


napping, as they hop ominously loser

It is possible to calm the animals. Two succes
Charisma + Animal Ken roll (difficulty 8) gets the livestock to
and down, although they remain wary of the characters.
Otherwise, they attack. Although thisarack may initially seem
terrifying remember thac theattackersaresimply livestock with
superficial modifications. The hens have problems balancing
withonlyoneleg, while the pigsarejustasslowand cumbersome
as they've always been. les possible for one of them in to get in
alucky shot for twoor three dice of damage, buteven character
with no combat skill should have no problem with them,

¢ He in Animalism can attempt to
communicate with th
incredibly
understand their sudden com
brethren, while the hens decry their inability to lay eggs. All

sibute their misfortune to a human who smells much like the

characters. Each animal is certain it would recognize the human's
scent.

Thisrevelationmay givesome characterstheideathatthey
should use the livestock as surrogate bloodhounds. While the
have a much better sense of smell, ic is quite difficult to

be hidden within a

conceal them in public. A single hen can

Jange coat or inside asack, although the player must roll Animal-

mor Animal Ken occasionally tokeepiitcalm. Thehensdetect
Eracbet ifshe is within 10 feet, while the pigs notice her ifshe is
within 25 feet. The heads ofthe animals should not be covered,
cr their ange of smell iscuc in half
‘Afurtherscarchofthe bam revealsatom piece ofdark fabric
with intricate pattemingon velvet caught onanail byanempty
stall—the hem ofEreebet's skirt wasripped in her hury leave
the bam. This clue can provide enough information for a
character with three levels of Auspex (The Spirit's Touch). leis,
also enough for dogs or other animals to catch Erzeber's scent.

RioTous WELCOME

Outside che bam, things quickly go from bad to worse when
12 moreconstablesarrive. Viktorand Gauthierremain embroiled
ina shouting match. Things escalate when the Frankish knight
accuses the constable of protecting the unholy. Viktor draws his
sword and tells the knight and hisfellows to leave imumediately or
bbe taken captive under the authority of Venetian law.

‘Unfortunatelyfor Viktor thisistheworstthinghecouldsay.
Gauthier' men dismount and draw their swords, and the
watchmen draw theirs. The crowd, almost entirely composed of
Zarayans, hasnow grown toafewhundredpeople. None ofthem
care for the Venetians or the Franks, and they encourage each

FIENDISH WINTER


group tofightthe other. Thisencouragementsoon devolvesinto
jeering and shouting from the crowd. Viktor can't back down,
without losing face, and Gauthier won'tback down on a matter
of faith. Nearly anything could set events in motion.

Iedoes when Eduard, one of Eraeber's hired men, throws a
rock into the lank of Gauthier's mount from amidst the crowd.
‘The horse rears up and runs forward, nearly trampling Gauthier
and Viktor in the process. The other riderless horses spook,
following the first. In the confusion, one of Gauthier's men
strikes a constable and the fighting begins. The crowd pushes
forward, hurling rocks and detritus, preventing any escape. The
knights and the watchmen battle until they realize that the
crowd is now a fullscale riot, howling for their blood. The
knights try to hack their way through the crowd, enraging the
mob even further. Soon two knights and three constables are
torn limb from limb by the townspeople. Gauthier' skill and
resolve allow him to escape the crowd and evade followers.
Viktor' fate is unwritten.

‘Note that all ofthese events don't happen at once, forcing
thecoterieto watch adelicately constructed passion play. Thisis
‘what occurs should the characters remain entirely uninvolved. If
they sodesire, allow them to interact with Gauthier and Viktor,
cithr defusing the situation oF redirecting the crow' ire. Give
thema chance tospor Eduard before hespooks Gauthiershore
‘Their interactions wich Gauthier should be tense, for his True
Faith migheallow him to recognize what they are. Regardless of
whathappens trytokeep himaliveifyouplanonunningDying
Embers, for he has a significant par in that story.

Should the characters remain amidst the crowd when the

fighting starts, don't bother running combat tums. Mobs are

ugly, unruly things thar can'tbe punched orkicked into submis-
sion, Describe the roiling mass of people tugging and pushingon
all sides, then ask the players involved to have their vampires,
soakacouple oflevelsofdamage. After two orthree tumsamidst
the mob, permit the characters to break through after successful
Suength + Brawl or Wies + Dodge rolls. (When presed on all
Sides by a grasping and shoving mass of humanity, Dexterity,
doesn't come into play all har much.)

Ifthe deformed animals fle from the barn, the crowd riots
prematurely. In this case, people try toflee the area rather than
stick around and trounce the authority figures. A few unlucky
people are in danger of being rampled, but the crow disperses
from around the barn in two tums. Gauthier and his men work
toslay theanimals, then search the areaforany more. Viktorand
the constabulary all lee in the initial panic.

If the characters manage to stop Eduard from setting off
Gauthier' horse, the riot never stats. More harsh words are
exchanged between Gauthierand Viktor, buteventually Viktor
backs down and allows the crusaders co explore the bam,
Meanwhile, Eduard attempts to flee. Characters who pursue
Eduard can catch himaftera short chase. Hisinvolvement with
Eneber isn't immediately apparent, but characters who heard
the rumor about Gast in scene two might realize thar this man
isthe same Biduard. If questioned about the rock throwing, he
initially ayshehatescrusxlersand wasgoingtotakeoneofthem
‘outbefore the charactersspottedhim. Thisisanobviouslie. The

BITTER CRUSADE

information abourErzebet can beinterrogatedorDominatedout
ofhim, andthe characterscan followhimtothe innatwhichhe's
staying with Erebet and her party

ScENE Four: ON THE RUN

‘Atsome point, the characters catch up with Breebet. The
specifics of where and when are unimportant, butt likely occurs
outdoors. Perhaps rumors lead them to guess her next target
accurately. Ifthey giveenough information about the mysterious,
woman to Gari, one of the boys informs them that he has
discovered where she stays. Ifthe coterie captured Eduard in the
previousscene, theycan bribe orforce the information from him.

Ifthe players are entirely uninterested in an ongoing invest
gation, a quick way ro speed things up i to place Brebet and her
bodyguards atthe edge ofthe crowd inthe preceding scene, using
‘Animalism to cause the horses' stampede. Give the characters a
chance to spot her and tal her for afew blocks before she realizes
thar she's being followed.

Excebet is rarely away from three ghouls from Toth, all of
whom are capable swordsmen, They serve as bodyguards and
lovers.andthey ighetothedeath toprorecther Shehasalsohired
four Zarayan thugs toserve as muscle —one of them Eduard —
andocartyoutsomeof the more mundane tasks She hasn't paid
them near enough coin to die defending her, but they fight until
they are moderately injured before surrendering or fleeing, Use
thecrusader emplateon pageXXifyouneed quick taitsforthese
mercenaries, although they use axes and not knight' armor.

‘Once Eraeber feels that her plans are discovered, whether
indicated through conversation or melee, she runs. Her body
guar and hirelings do their best to delay the characters by any.
‘meanspossible uyingtoembroil them in aight whileshe makes,
her escape. An experienced coterie shouldn't have trouble
dispatching them, but she should have enough ofahead tart by
then for her capeure to be a challenge.

Don't make it impossible to catch her, but try not to make it
tooeasy. Sheheadsfor publicareas,cryingoutforhelpandshouting
for the constabulary to stop the "thieves" chasing her. Try to give
the chase the frenetic feel of a pursuit through crowded streets,
ducking through tavems and dark alleys, overrurning vegetable
carts, dodging runaway wagons, and avoiding patrols of armed
men. Don't make every roll ofthe dice Dexterity + Athletics. You
can spice things up with Stealth to avoid patrols of watchmen,
Dodge to avoid nwo oblivious workmen carrying a large box of
dllicate and very breakable religious artifacts and Leadership to
make bystanders follow the order, "Stop that woman!"

Keepthingsfastandsun,anddon'tletthe dice dcratethescene.
Remembertharinachase, peoplecatchupand breakaway gradually,
Only Celerity allows miraculous gains of ground, and using that
Discipline with too many mortal eyes around could be disastrous

If you would rather Ereebet escape, be sure to invent some
‘excuse to have a pouch with lerters from her father fall to the
ground, Stumbling into a random passerby, geting the strap
‘aught on something or slipping in a patch of mud and falling
down briefly reall god excuses for her to drop the pouch. lithe
characters attempt to fire arrows at her, have an arrow snap the
strap, roppingitto the ground. OtherwiseErzebetfightstoescape


when the characters finally catch up to her, buc not to the deat,
Ifshe is convinced she is tapped and outnumbered, she surren-
des.

‘Once thecorerieregroups,thecharacterscan begin opiece
together the cause of the attacks. They can determine the
following from Bodor' leters to Erebet

* Eneeber's actions were performed atthe behest ofa man
named Bodor Toth,

* Bodorblamesall crusaders for the death of his son, Farkas.

¢ Toth is.also the name of a town or village somewhere in
Transylvania.

+ Bodor is sending more forces to step up the campaign of
terror in Zara.

Ifthecharacterscatch Ereebet, questioningherprovidesmore

information: Bodor isher father, Farkas was her brother who died
inthe Obertusmonastery'sdestrction,and Toth isher home. She
knowsnothingaboutanyone elseher father lanstosend,andshe
grows petulant and hurt ifthe coterie pursues the topic.

SCENE Five: Just DESERTS

Whetherthe coterie brings ErebettoGariornot, theynow
have an idea of who is behind the attacks and a general
conception of why they're occurring. Upon retuming, Gari
(questions them regarding their investigation and their impres-
sions regarding the entire series of events. Once again, Gari asks
a few questions of each coterie member, weighing the consis
tency of responses to determine the tuthfulnessof the accounts.

Finally, he asks for their recommendation as to what should
bedonetoconcludethismatter, informingthemthatitwillweigh
upon his decision. This is a half-truth, of cout iri already.
‘knows exactly what hisdecision will be, but he is more interested
infeelingourwhether ornothe can use the coterie totieupsome:
loose ends. Hegivesthemafew momentstothemselvestoconfer,
if they so desire, then he listens thoughtfully to what they say.
Once they finish, he informs them thathe must deliberate on the
‘matter and asks them co wait until he is finished.

Gari retums shortly with a person whom he introduces as
Myea Vkos, an Obertusmonk. The prince informsthe characters
that Vykos arrived recently from Constantinople to examine the
fate of the Obertus monastery. When Gari explained the coterie's
capture ofthe culprit, the Tzimisce asked tospeak with themabout
the matter. Vykos suggests that an expedition sent to Erzebee's
family could negotiate for a cessation of the hostilities directed at
thecrusaders. Healsosaysthathe hasheard of Tothandknowshow
to get there, and that personal business in Transylvania would
otherwise have him heading in that direction within a formight,
meaning thatsuch travels won'the out of his way. Garisuggeststhat
thecoterieand Vykoscombinettheitforcesinatripto Transylvania,
to which the Obertus monk agrees readily.

Should the charactersbalkat the thought of whatiscertainly
venture of many months, Gari fist appeals tothe necessity ofall
Cainites to conceal their existence, invoking the thetoric of the
Sixth Tradition ifneed be. He plays to their self-interest, suggest-

1g that a derailed crusade isn't something they want to see. He
hints that merely providing an escort to the Obertus could gain

So, Mr. Vyxos, We Meet AGAIN

Ies altogether possible that the characters have
encountered Myca Vykos earlier, either in
Transylvania Chronicles I: Dark Tides Risin
stories derived from Constantinople by N
Transylvania by Night. This isn't necessarily
thing if they departed on good or neutral terms
However, ifthe last encounter ended with one mem:
ber of the coterie screaming for Vykos' blood to
commingled with sewageand forced down thegule
of 30 wild dogs, including Vykosas written will likely
dletract from the story

‘One way to get around the problem is to
Vokos travel undercover as an Obertus monk with
anothername and ace (although "Sascha'isperhaps
a bit top obvious). He does not reveal his deception
tuntil after he has mace his deal with Koban (see p.
51), at which point it is too late for retribution. Of
course, characters with a decent level of Auspex
could discover his secret in the months they spend
together, so this might prove problematic

Another option isto: kos entirely with
another Obertus monk, most likely Vyks' child,
‘who is under full authority to further the goals of her
sire. Since Vykos' plans to free Symeon from his
brotherarequitesecret, thismonk won't mention her
sire throughout the course of the story

them thegratitude ofthe Byzantine Fiends perhaps in the formot
favors or access to stores of knowledge. Consulting with Viykos,
provides his half-hearted agreement.

Failing in this tactic, Gari tries to bribe them. He promises
that upon theie return they shall receive deeds to land and
positions of preeminence within Zara's social structure. He
angues that the bullcof the crusade is scheduled to depart in early
April, and chat things wil retum to normal once the wintering
amy is outside of the city's walls. He needs the characters
sistance to ensure that the crusaders leave Zara in one piece,
and heis willing tosweeten the deal, toa point. Ifthe characters
are sil highly resistant, he thanks them for their assistance and
informs them that they may remain in Zarafor four weeksbefore
they are no longer welcome.

Erzcber' final fare is unwritten. Her involvement in the
story isoverifshediedin the previous scene. Ifshe escaped, Gari
now knows whom he needs to look for and emphasizes that he
can take care of the matter himself. [cis only ifshe was caprured
and broughtbefore Gari that the characters havea tough choice
tomake,forthereareanequal numberofteasonstobringherwith
them as there are 0 leave her in Zara.

"The simplest solution isto leave her under Gari's guard,
holding herhostage untilher family ceases itsattacks. However,
doing so could provoke a poor reception upon the character
arrival in Toth and potentially sour the negotiations up front,
The more complicated option is to bringher along and tum her

FIENDISH WINTER


‘over to her family as proof of their noble intentions. However,
doing so might simply make the characters seem weak. They
wouldaksoneedtokeepherbothguardedandlfed forthe duration
ofthelongtrip, whichcouldeasily make thisoptionmoretrouble
than it's worth. Whatever they concluce, the decision is the
coterie' choice and Gari stands by it.

Act Two:
FROSTBITE

The journey cast isa harsh one. The coterie tradesa city of
splendorand pleasant temperaturesfora Transylvanian backwa-
ter set amidst the howling hell of a cruel winter. When the
weather isn't crushing their spirits, the difficul cerrain of the
snow Jaden mountainsseemsto want nothingmore than totoss
them from great heights and dash them upon the rocks below.

Within thishash climate liesthe entirety of Toth, consist-
ing of a small village and nearby castle in the northwestern
fringes of Transylvania. The town is located along the western
edge ofthe small valley that opensupacthe midway pointofthe
Bostral ass. Hemmed in onallsides by the Transylvanian Alps,
the only exit is the Bostral's northeast and southem entrances.
The farms are quite prosperous, and mountain springs provide
fresh water. The village andall outlying farmsaccountfornearly
£650 people living in the valley

‘Seemingly built outof the westem mountain wall aquarter
mile tothe village's west, "Castle Toth' used to beasimple keep
built by Bodor's eccentric great-grandfather, aminornoble who.
remained (wrongly) convinced that the Bostral would become:
an important roure for trade. Bodor's father acked the curtain

n-domed tower in the courtyard. The

protected by 25 guards and staffed by more than 30

servants All are aware of the family's vampiric secret, to some

degree. The servants are Moorish slaves whoalsoserve asaherd

for the Cainites. None understand the local rongue, save basic
commands that relate to household work

The villagers are unaware of the Toth fa
secretat the beginning ofthis story. Some may suspect, but he
only one whois certain is Angyalka'shusband Oxi, who feels
it best to keep quiet on the matter.

ampiric

___-Hac >
Ask Questions LATE!
Should the
tions in favor of slaying the leadership of
Toth, the rest of Fiendish Winter takes a

sterie opt to dump n

decidedly different turn. Allow them to go
through with their plans foran evening or wo
and then simply skip ahead to Koban's arrival
in scene ten. Give them a chance to ally with
Toth before the fighting really picks up, but
keep re etween the coterie and the
Toth family tense and layered with mistrust

tions

SCENE Six:
OFF THE BEATEN PATH

Ratherthanplayouteachdayoftravelrothe Transylvanian
land hold, youcan speed things along by telling the players that
they arrive in the middle of February in 1203. Stating that the
joumey took so long because of harsh weather and treacherous
passages avoids tedious micro-management of the journey.

Alternatively, the long periods of travel serve as perfect
‘opportunitiesin which to intersperse unrelatedencountersalong
the way. As the coterie travels farther and farther east, the
‘weather grows harsher and colder. Here are some suggestions for
encounters, with the first few intended for use closer to Zara:

* Twenty to thirty Zarayan rebels clash in battle with a
similar-sized group of crusaders sent to hunt them down. Unfor-
tunately they're doing so in the middle of the road. Whether the
characters wait it our, attempt to detour, join in the skirmish or
are drawn into the fighting against their will is up to you.

* A handful of crusaders who left the host after the siege of

jave invaded a village by asmall riverandset themselvesup
as its new leaders, becoming little more than brigands. They
demand a high tribute to cross at their bridge. If the coterie
appears to be weak, the crusaders might attempt to rob them,

* Amanon horseback approaches swiftly, asking to parley,
He claims that he is a Hungarian noble pursued by mercenaries
hired by arrival noble. He begsassistance and promisesa monetary
award ifhe can travel east under the coterie's guard for one week,
since his lands are in that direction. Within the week, the coterie
encounters the mercenaries, who claim that the noble is wanted
for high treason and thar they have been charged by the king of
‘Hungary to bring him tojustice. They offer to purchase the noble
from the coterie. The question of who is telling the truth — the
noble, the mercenaries or neither — is up to you.

* A Tremere has succumbed permanently to the Beastand
is causing no end of troubles to villages and travelers in the
foothills of the Transylvanian Alps. The characters discover the
difficulties of dealing with a mad thaumaturge amidst a blizzard.

‘* While camping along trail, the characters awake to find
themselves buried in the snow. Digging themselves and their
‘equipmentoutbecomesofprimeimporance. Thisisasimple way
to get rid of an excess of retainers and hirelings whose presence
‘could make the confrontation at the end of the act too easy.

‘The coterie's arrival in Toth coincides with the cessation of
a snowstorm. The abrupt change in the harsh weather they've
‘encountered along the way should serve as a brief respite. Allow
them to explore the village if they so desire. Although visitors are
telativelyuncommon tothe land hold, thetownsfolkexhibitmore
curiosity than fear, and theyare eager fornewsofthe outside world.

ScENE SEVEN: HEAVY MEAL

Arranging an audience with the boyarof Toth is surprisingly
rasy. Petre Carp, the majordomo of Castle Toth, handles all of
Dévald'sschedules, and hecan be found in theaudience chamber
until the late evening. This pleasant and courteous fellow makes.
polite small talk with the characters about their travels while he


The Grounds of
Castle Toth

checksonhislord'savailability. When conversation dwindles he
infomnsthemthatthelordof Toth wouldbehonoredtoenterain
theirpary in his dining chambers this evening.
wey players might rightly guess chat th

Indeed, Bodor spent much ofact one observ
bearing witness to their interactions with her. Since their depar-
turefrom Zara, hehasspentmuchofthelastewomonthswatching
thecoterieand getting feel for theirplans, theirmotivationsand
theirpersonalites

Thecoterieentersthediningroomtofind theboyaralready
in attendance. Dévald sts atthe head ofthe table. To his eft is
Kilidn, with Magib tohisright. Petrisseared behind Dévald, his
simple chair against the rear wall. Four servants scurry about,
seating the characters and distributing tableware quickly and
eficiently. The distinct scents of freshly baked bread, warm
bod and cooked meat waft from a covered table in acomer of
the room, A surprising numberof armed guards are pr
one dozen inal formed upinpaisand sandingwith theirbacks
tothe walls. A successful useof Auspex level 2 (Soulsight) shows
MagibrobeaCainite. The othersazeall mortals, although Petre
and Kilidn are ghouls (which Auspex won't reveal).

Uponthecharacters arrival, theguardslock thedoorstothe
room and give the key to Magib. Petre apologizes for the
necesity, but he informs them that the matter they wish to
dlscuss is private in nature, He provides introductions of both

Village of Toth
ia ‘the East {

parties before retuming ohisseat. Dévaldstatesthathewill hear
what chey have to say, buche frst requests they share sup with,
ham. The servants pour cups of heated blood from pitchers for
Cainites Eachcuprestoresoneblooepoint,andthereare 16rotal
blood points between both pitchers. Characters paranoid of

ittoreveal that itis
‘mortal vitae. Dévald and Kilién are served water and plates of
food by the servants, as are any other mortals in attendance.
Magi partakes of nothing.

Throughout the meal, Kiln asks them to share tales of
places theyve been. He seems genuinely interested in their
stories if they elect to share them. He doesn' necessarily press
them for information on what they did while in those places—
he is simply curious as to what those places are like. Dévald
remains content to observe their interactions with his brothe
although he does answer direct questions. He warms tospeaking,
of Toth and its history, if asked. Magib remains silent.

‘Assupper ends and conversation dwindles, Dévald asks the
characters why they traveled sofar to speak with him. When they
bring up che erouble in Zara, he informs them that the murder of
his brother Farkas gives his family every right to seek revenge
against the crusaders. Although he realizes that this vendetta
could end in Zara's destruction, he's more concemed with aveng-
ing his brother's death than the lives of those in a foreign city
hundreds of miles away. Yet to tum visitors away after a lengthy
joumey would bea discourtesy that would sully the reputat

FIENDISH WIN


Servants'
Quarters

Stairway
uy

fick i ae = Ott

k .ction before consulting
with his family. Behind closed doors, Bode
nottakingmuch action. Hi or Ere
up long ago, and although Farkas' death was enough
cause to start. a war, her passing is hardly worth
mentioning as far as he is concerned
much stronger feelings for his sister, but he
Teast some of his father's rationalizations toh
delays any final judgment for several day
matter of the en
land hold can be worked out
Koban's assault begins. Dévald's final
the coterie will have much todowith whetheror not
theyacttodefendhis family in thesubsequentn

Toth itself, so he allows the charactersa chance toconvince him
to cease the attacks. He grants them a few minutes to confer
privately at the opposite end ofthe room should they desire

Dévald pays close attention to what they say, and he

tshis own questions occasionally. He challenges theie
definitions of vengeance, retribution and justice,
attemptingtodetermine whetherthe characters practice what
they preach. Note that although Myca Vykos is here to assist
innegotiations,heshouldcomenowhereclosetoovershadow-
ing the coterie. Use Vykos as oversight to bring up relevant
points once the characters run out of their own, but lec chem,
elaborate upon his points rather than use him as a Storyteller
mouthpiece. Akonote that Vykosholdslitte actual interestin
thisaifai, sohe is more than willing to et the characters take
the reinsof the negotiations, reducing his involvement o hat
of an advisor, oreven an observer.

When the characters have finished making their plea,
Dévald says that they've presented many chings that will weigh
heavily upon his decision. He requests that they meet for dinner
atthe same time the following night, where his inal decision will
bemade. They are weleome tospend the day leepingin the caste,
‘or tostay in Toth fthey desire, bur Dévald ellsthemn thaetheyare
forbidden to feed upon the local populace. Should they desire
blood, he providesit from the saffin the castle, Pereretrievesthe
keys fom Magib and unlocks the doors, excorting the cha
either to their new basement quarters or outside of the cast


ScENE EIGHT:
SUMMONS TO TRIAL

While the coterie dines with the boyar, Koban's childe
Dominik approaches the land hold with a mission from hissire:
(0 initiate the trial by war, a traditional battle to destruction
mong vampiric lords. What follows isa series of posible points
axwhich he mighcbe encountered, aswell asthe series of events,
that happen should there be no intervention on the part ofthe
coterie. Thecharacterscould bein anyone of many placesat this,
point ofthe story, so you might want to select what bes fits the
situation. The staring time is variable, although he should not
enter the castle until after the end of scene seven.

* Dominikarrives viathenortheastem passandspendstwo
hours circling the village and the castle. He does not approach
thevillagebuthemight bescen around the outsktsordetected

animals in the outlying farms.

+ Two hours after his arrival, Dominik scales the cu
‘yall, buthe ipsandfallsonhiswaydown theotherside. A guard
investigates bur finds nothing.

# Twenty minutes later, Dominik climbs the side of the
keep and enters through a second-floor window. He hides in a
recessed alcove fora short time before scouting the second floor
ofthe keep.

+ Five minutes later, Dominik determines where Dévald's
room is located, and he knocks on the door. A guard answers.

Hall

stairs to

cr Basement

Stats to
Second Sloor

Dominik breaks the guard'sneck, slips inside and closes the door
behind him. He fights and eventually ineapacitates three more
guards who defend Dévald. The fighting is auelible to any
character on the second floor, or with some form of supematural
hearing anywhere else in the castle. Otherwise, he remains
undetected, fornoservantsare curtentlyon thesecond floor, and
Kilisn is meeting with Lempi. Ac this point, Dominik has only
six blood points remaining

* Five minuteslater, Dominikeknocks Dévald unconscious
and throwshim over hisshoulder, heading for the keep'scentral
tower. He reaches the top ofthe towerand prepares toenact the
ritual murder that Koban charged him to perform.

* Fifteen minutes later, Dévald wales and finds himself
secured to the ground. He begins screaming for help, which
everybody in the castle can hear faintly. Dominik pauses t0
knock Dévald unconscious. By now, though, the alarm israised.
Guardsrush throughout the castle searching or thesource ofthe
screams, bucitisn't immediately apparent, so they begin search-
ing in pairs

* Five minutes later, two guards arive in the tower and
Dominik breaksoffthe ritual engagingthemin combat. Hefinds
himself left at three blood pointsater incapacitating them, and
he pauses to feed

* Ten minutes ater, Dominik hearsmore guardsapproach-
ing the tower. Frustrated, he pulls out a dagger, places the
instructions upon Dévalds chest and drives the dagger through

Mountain

KRitchen/
Scullery


Drawing
Room

Open to
the Throne Room

the parchmentand into the boya's heart, killing him instantly.

He flees through the window, slides down the roof, leaps to the
he curtain wall, fleeing into the night.

hilde should either be dead, capnured or fleeing

Toth by the end of the scene. Regardless of the outcome, the

instructions remain behind. Among other things it contains text

indicating the proclamation ofa trial by war declared by Voivod
Koban upon Bodor Toth. Iralsoindicatesthe projectedtimeofhis,
aval andhisforces(wesceneten,p. 49). Any charactersfamilia
with Teimisce tradition inchuting Vykos) note two peculiarities:

* Thedeclarationshouldhavebeen handled by the wivode
himself, Additionally itisunheardoftodeclareone'sarrivaland.
complement. For Kohan to send another with this information
reveals the low level of esteem in which he hokls Bodor.

* The directions re
intricate. Successful Inte
rollsrevealthatthey nee, ormystical power.
Koban's insistence upon their inclusion seems odd.

Kilidn and Magib arrive in the aftermath, Upon seeing the
notice of tral (or hisdead son), the viie's placid features melt
away to reveal a seething Bodor Toth. This metamorphosis
frightens all of the castle's denizens with the exception of his
survivingfamily,foronly those of Bodor'sblood know thathestil
exists as Magib.

ling che ritual slaying are quite

BITTER CRUSHDE

Inless the characters obviously tried to help Dominik slay
|, Bodorattemprs co make a deal: If they help him defend
against the coming onslaught, he will all off all aracks against
the crusaders and end his grdge immediately. The coterie is
likely to esis, but he angues that one Cainite is equal to at least
20 men, bringing the odds to 3:1. He further insists thar most of
the forces wll be mortal men fighting in poor conditions andon
‘unfamiliarground, tharsiege weaponry willbe
due tothe dificuly of transporting it through th
Toth's existing defenses allow a great advantage
help, they need his, and a mutual exchange be
Should the coterie remain uninterested, he offers a
decent sum of money, up to evo of his herd slaves per
character, and duplicate copies of the various manuscripts,
he has acquired over the years. He gives them one night
to consider this offer. If they reject it, he banishes them
from Toth

ScENE NINE:
StorM WARNING

The Toth family convenes a war council the night after
Dominil's attack, and the coterie is invited to participate.
Matters are discussed in a roughly democratic manner, but with

ng more than

fits all


would proposeand whathappenswithout the coterie'sinterven-
tion, Mix up the ordec rather than simply reading each lis
‘oneby one. Note thatthe coterie isencouraged tocomeup with
itsown propasils for defense. After
cach proposal, have the players
roleplay their characters' response

Although the characters
vote for each proposal, they can
affect each proposal only if itis
deadlocked. In a clear-cut case
of the Toth family agreeing or
disagreeing, the characters'
minor votes don' taffect the out-
come.

* Bodor: Embrace some of his
herd of townsfolk to use as shock

rather simply advance to the end of the scene, offer a quick
description of theirplanscomingtofruitionoverewoweeks span
and skip directly to scene ten.
Scene TEN:
AVALANCHE

‘Unless delayed by the coterie's
actions, Kobanandhisforcearriveson:
schedule, entering through thenorth-
eastem pass at the end of February.
The force occupies the village itself,
converting existing buildings into
housing and hases of oper
collectingallsuppliesth:
side the castle. They capture any

villagers ouside the castle walls and
troops (deadlock); prepare defenses illagers outside the castle
<peciticallyraloredtoefearCainites place them in a makeshift pen to be
(yes) me sealesKelenvemoticiren
*Déva through the duration,
eee Although a direc

Koban's men issuicide,
ingeoreriem
attack during the cam
Isolated pockets of men are sur-
prised and fight poorly, but large
groups band together quickly to
Koban's men
ers butthey don't
pursue within arow range of
the castle.
‘The entirety of the followi
and night consists of Koban's
\enactingan elaborate ritual ofhis
owndesign. They chantoddsingsong
phrasesand use long wooden poles to
carve intricate pattems into the
thick snow. Nine of these poles
aredriven intothegroundinarough
semi-cirelearound thecastle,and
on each one a naked corpse is
impaled from groin to mouth. The
temperatures cause their innards t0
freeze to the wood, supporting their
ht.

as castle defense (deadlock);
upeastledefenseswvithconstruc-
tion of makeshift siege

alongthenortheastemtrail

to injure and delay Koban's
hose (deadlock)
toher old self and incorporate
her into the defense (no)

* Angyalka: send the major-
ityofthevillagerstothesouthtoweek
refige in the town of Role
{no} failing thar, move the
cainery ofthe villagers
within the curtain wall
ofthe castle, constnuct-
ing temporary housing
(Geadlock)

+ Erzebet: harass
Kohan's host with guerilla eacties
(Geadlock); attempt to ase
tone Koban before his arival
(no)

Should your players pre
fer action to planning, simply

‘Any character with academic or
working knowledge of sorcery picks
coutkoldicclemertsamongthechai
and pattems, but not inamannerthat
has any sort of enstical significans
Regardless of efficacy, to see an
sembled fighting force cary this outs
temtifying, Ie serves to demoralize and
frighten the defenders, unless some-
thing is done to counteract it.

ally succeed.) The fu

‘echproposaleanbeexpandestinto
is own scene, dependent on the
Storytellers preparation and the

FIENDISH WINTER

Can We Trust Him?
ether or not Bodor is telling the truth depends
‘on the corerie's actions. Actions in their favor include
returning Ercebet, killing or capturing Dominik and
saving Dévald from Dominik. Actionsthat work against
them could include the accidental or intentional death
ofErzebet, hostile action taken upon Toth'sdenizensand
thedeath of Kiliin or Dévald at the handsof the coterie
Should the coterie prove itself beyond all doubt,
Boxlor intends to honor his word. Less clear-cut inten:
tionscause him toreservejudgmentuntilthe endofthe
act. Should the charactersseem more adetriment than
aboon, he plans to.use them as pawns aslongashe can
do so and slay each of them when they no longer serve
his purposes.

Requests to parley with Koban are granted, should the
characters desire to speak with him. A heavy guard leads them
intothe buildinghehastakenasheadquartery and hey find him
sitting atop a palanquin of carved bone inlaid with elaborate
patremsofgold filigree. The headsof ine Arabianhonesserveas
ames, Irisonly when they whicker quietly and
stand ofits own accord that the characters realize itisactually
tozhd war-ghoul composed entirely of beasts of burden.

When speaking with Koban, the characters should never
feelasthoughheispaying them hisabsoluteartention. Hismany
mouthsquirkinwhatcouldbecitherasneerorgenialbemusement,
and his eyes stare through them. In one breath, he happily
informs them that they will not survive the week; in thenext, he
invites them to join him in drinking virgin' blood from the
carved skull of a Moor.

Koban is generally fee with his topics of conversation,
although neatly all of his actions and wordsseem to bea part of
some great sacrament of which only he is aware, He does not
discuss specific plans of attack nor his reason for doing so. If
presed, he grows frustrated, informing them that they should
already know everything he plans, gesturing vaguely outside.
Perceptive characters might think he refers to the markings in
the snow, and they are mostly right.

Characters who make the mistake of attacking Koban
aren't likely to survive the scene. Surrounded by guards both
vampiric and mortal, any attempts on his life — while not
impossibletocarry through—shouldbe insanely dffcul. they
are foolish enough to ty, his palanguin rears up tots full eight
ofeight feet and attempts to trample them while his guards rush,
in to attack. Unless the Storyteller is feling particularly surly,

seanavenucofescape open for the coterie. Pursuitbreaks off
within 50 yards of the caste, but characters involved in such an

tempt are singled out during Koban's actual asauls.

Tue First WAVE
Kohan sends one halfof his mortal forces in adirect assault

on the castle the day after he completes his rituals. Three of his
revenants command the men in an attempt to scale the castle's

BITTER CRUSADE

Micur Acainst Micut
If you're the sort to enjoy knowing exactly what
kind offorceist n opposing force and how these

help illustrate how n
stands in the siege of Toth. I this type of thing bores
you to tears, let your players know thar Koban's force
utclasses the entirety of Toth, and ignore the restof
this sidebar. Ifnot, read on. (The notes in parentheses
refer to the generic templates on page 101, which you
can use for quick traits.)

"The Carpathian Fiend hasa decent-sized force of
fighting men at his disposal:

© 240 trained fighting men (crusader template,
light armor)

# 40 trained archers (crusader template, Archery
3, light armor)

* 60 untrained men and women (Byzantine
ghoul templa

°200

# 10 skilled revenants (crusader template, Po-
tence 1, Fortitu

* 2 skilled Cainites (Koban's childer; use
Dominik's statis

*# 2 vozhd war-ghouls (Koban rides a third vozhd
uninvolved in the fighting)

Toth has comparatively ewer (plusthe coterie, of
course)

#25 skilled castle guardsmen (crusader template)

* 20 trained town watchmen (crusader template,
lighter weapons)

* 6Ountrained villagers (ghoul template without
Disciplines, few skills)

* 1 skilled commander (Dévald)

* 1 skilled ghoul (Kilisn)

*# 2 skilled Cainites (Ereebet and Bodor)

Associated skill levels are intended as a bencl
mark. You ean use them to figure out the outeome of
‘battle based on these guidelines. In astand-up fight,
one skilled unit is equivalent to two trained or four
untrained. Units with more trainingare also lesslikely
rorout. Units fighting fromhardened defenses, su
the top of the curtain wall or interior of the keep,
effectively increase their skill level until an attack
breaches the defense.

walls commencingtheirattackhalfan hourbefore sunser. Unless
theyarealready conscious, characters wake othesoundsofbactle,

This first attack isa feint, designed to test the strength and
capability of Toth's resistance. The commanders hope to pro-
voke thedefendersinto exhaustingafairnumberofarrows,pitch,
and other limited supplies, revealingboth thespecifc defensesar


handand the discipline of he units. light snow falls affecting
visibility and footing slightly.

Have the charactersawakeand in aposition toaficetthings
shen the defenses are actually breached, preferably when they
senearthecur I. Ahandfulofmenmakeitaropthe wall
and try to slay the defenders, allowing yer more men to follow.
One option is to have two or three of these breaches occur in
<xparate areasatmoreorlessthesame time. Allowthecharacters
torepel thencarest breach while the villagershandle the others,
preventingthingsfrom tumingintoastringofsimilar,drave out
encounters. Once the breaches are sealed, the host retreats.
There are no more attacks until the following evening.

Tue Seconp WAVE

The next assault occurs afer midnight of the second night
during a heavy snowfall: Koban's ovo childer respectively ap-
jroach the northem andsouther portionsof the wall, whilethe
tnain hostassembles tothe eas, justouside of arow range. The
poor visibility makes itnearly impossible to detect the Cainites
until they scale the curtain wall, and even then, they're hard to
spot, Watchmen sufer a +3 difficulty penalty to detect them.

Once inside, they try tosneak to the gates, slay anybody
nearby and throw the gates open. Ifspecific timing concerns
you, they take five fll tumsto do so once they have reached
the gates, or three if both arrive simultaneously. If they
manage to open the gate, the host rushes toward the castle.
Ittakes eight full eunsfor the frontof the host to reach the
main gates. Closingth estwotums,and latching
ic takes one, but Koban's childer do everything in their

power to prevent this from happening. If the cotei
manages to close the gates, the host retreats to the vi
Should the host break through, simply phase directly into
the heart of the action described in the third wa

For a rather creepy twist, have a vozhd lead the charge.
Doing so is an easy way to add a more cinematic twist to the
scene, as the coterie'srush toclose the doorsbecomes that
much more important. A giantmassof howl-
ing flesh barreling toward the open gates of \

Toth while the characters try to get the gates \
closed and barred could easily serve asthe high
point of the evening. Even if the gates are
harted, the vozhd could act as a living battering,
ram, calling for character cleverness to drive the
frustrated beast away before it smashes the gates
down. This also serves to weaken the
shadowing the events of the following evening,

Tue THirp WAVE

This final, bal attack on the castle happens on
the third night, during a fierce blizzard. One of the |
swzhdis sent to hammer down the gates. Although
thedefenders may manage to injure itseverely,the" &
sates burst open before theycan kill he monster. A
inajrity of the remaining forces rush in, and thé
bartleismet. Thecharactersshouldgettheimp
that they could easily lowe everything he

Try to keep things fast, frenetic and confusing rather than
runninga series of combat encounters Resort more to description
than to dice rolling. Don't be affaid to skip forward by an hour or
two to advance to the next major poine of conflict, and use the
pounding, hellish blizzard to help keep things confusing and off
lalter,ThesectionoftheDark Ages Companionensitled*Cainites
and Open Warfare" (p. 41) providesplenty of good suggestionson
Ihow todo just that, bur is use isnoc required to run this scene

A Quiet BETRAYAL

‘Vykos clisappears during the third wave. A letter is found
penned in his hand, indicating that he believes that he's
discovered a method to balt Koban's attack, but he must
approach the voitode alone inorder for hisplan tobeconvincing
Whetherthe lererwaswritten ineamestoroutof duplicityisfor
the Storyteller to decide.

Regardless of intent, Vykos is already parleying with
Koban by the time any-
body notices his
absence. Over the
past few


\Vykos has pieced together the reason for Koban's attack,
The koldieic script etched into the snow and his knowledge
‘of Zubor's task years ago clued him in. He confronts Koban

sntually drawing the specifics of

Zubor's childer," bur is a sophisticated Obertus curse that
indicates his wasting death by the thinning of blood within one
century'stime. Although thisstatementisbynomeansthetrath,
thereisenough circumstantial evidence thatthe wiodeismuch
‘more willing to believe it. Vykos offers to trade the knowledge
that Koban needs to defeat this eure —a portion of which he
knows, the rest of which is known by Symeon — ifthe toivade
takes the Obertus and his sire 2s apprentices
Kobansuspectsthat Vykosistryingrotrickhimintobalting
hisattack, andhesays that hestil plans ofashion the intestines
ofall within into necklaces. Vykos ruthfullystatesthathe could
care ess about any oftheir fates. Koban cals his bluff and preses,
forth with theattack, mountinghiswozidland involving himself
atthe fringesof the bat. Thisshould occurattheclimaxofthe
third wave.
lftheStorytellerwantsthecoterictowitnessthisexchange,
someorall ofthe characterscandoso throughavarietyofmeans.
Ahighenough Auspex or Obfuscatecan easily makeacharacter
a figurative fly on the wall. Animalism can make that prospect
moreliteral. Regandlessofhow they seeorhear theconversation,
play it up for melodrama i you wish to include it. Rather than
break the mood of the battle, this event should happen at alow

point amidst the thircl wave, preferably while Koban's forces
have pulled back for a short time to regroup. Rather than have
the characters linger on thisexchange, break itoff with another
frenzied assault on the castle.

Buzzarp's END

Unless Koban destroysall semblance of Toth's defense and
clearly takes the castle, he pulls his forces back two hours before
sunrise. Toth's defenders see and hear him berating his troops,
going so far as to execute a few of them. He finishes his mad
exhortations an hour later, storming off to his tent. Half of his
remaining force splits off to guard the camp, while the other
forms up fora last-ditch, desperate assault on the castle. They
know that ifthey don't take the castle by sunrise, Koban plans
toadd theirhears,liversandgenitalstohiscollection. Although
they fight to the death, these men are bone-tired and desperate,
and they make many mistakes in their fighting. The attackers
won't be driven away before sunrise, but the coterie can go to
sleep knowing that the defenses should hold.

Ifthe characters remain awakeand they keep abreastofthe
latest developmentspastsunrise,theyhearthefightingcontinue
foranother 15 minutes before breakingoff. Reports indicate that
thelast-ditch assault force routsand many oftthemen flee. Riders
from therest of Koban'sforce hunt thescattered forcesdownand
slaythem. Somepleadamnesty tothedefendersof Toth, beggit
for sanctuary. The riders make no attempt to approach Toth's
walls. They attempt to dispatch the fleeing men with arrows if

BITTER CRUSADE

Toth'sdefendersclon't cur them down. The retrieved bodiesare
dragged toward Koban's tent.

Thereisno further activity until the following evening, just
after sunset. Koban rides outside of artow-range of the castle on
his vod palanguin, chanting loudly. One by one, h
nninepoles with impaled corpsesaflame untilall bum eerily
darknes. Heridesbefore the ast andshoutsthathe wll eum
for the child of Zubor and his progeny upon the next "p
alignment of the heavensand hells" and he offersa curse forthe
disruption of his ritual. He names each surviving Cainite m
ber of the Toth family (and any of the coterie he is aware of) as
hisenemy. Then he wheels his wzhd around and retums to the
camp to lead his men from the valley. He departs with all ofis,
forces save a handful of sdachta and revenants whom he leaves
behind todiscourage pursuitandtoserveasanuisance. Heorders
the villagebumedto the groundandslaysmost captives, bringing
the rest with him co add to his her

K Gs INT!

This scene is fairly long, and it involves a lot of
fighting. Remember that in any such situation, it'smore
important to have action than combat. Here are a few
ideas on how to inject some variety into the scene. Feel
free to add any that you feel are appropriate,

zeber stagesadaringraid on Koban'scamp, but
she's caught up in fighting as dawn approaches, She
needs some kind of assistance, or a distraction of some
kind, ifshe's to return before daybreak.

* One ofthe wozhdclearly hasthe bodyofRemenyke
Toth grafted to it. Half of her family wants it destroye
while the otherhalfwants tosaveher. Each side triesto
draft the characters into helping them out.

* The villagers realize that some members of the
Toth family are the same kind of monsters the
facing outside the walls, and a mob forms. Anayalka is
tunable to calm them, for they fear her to be a monster
herself. Preventing thingsfrom turning intoa full-scale

top prion

* Dévald is injured severely during one of the
assaults. Someone with leadership experience need to
take his place, and one of the characters mighte the
‘most appropriate to take charge

* Killin sneaks into Bodor's tower and finally
‘manages to get Lempi to Embrace him, then commits
diableric upon herhelpless form. The traumabreakshis
blood oath tohisnarural father. Nolonger tiedto Toth,
Kilidn becomesa wild card. Does he tum on his amily?
Asa last act of family loyalty, does he provide much
needed assistance indrivingoffone of Koban'sassaults?
Does he simply flee?

 Koban and his chiller Embrace a dozen injurec
soldiersbefore the final assault, intendin
expendable shock troops. Treat each unit as a fresh
Tzimisce with Auspex, Animalism and Vicisitude 1

riot becomes


for Constantinople. Unlessthe
anvisue of hisactio notseem to bear

them any il will. Vykos is perceptive enough to know thac this
isarime in which he has no need to make additional enemies,
dindeed, he will have reason to tum to the characters again

Dying Embers.
AFTERMATH

Unless Bodor died during assault, he holds to the
decision that he made in scene eight, and he either seeks to
dispatch the characters quickly or he sends a carter pigeon to
Zara ith a message for the second group tocall off all auacks. If

either way:
svenifthecharacters"win,'thevillageliesinsmokingruins
an the castle has sustained great damage. Toth ies broken. ts

citizens encounter great difficulty imply getting through tothe
g, Should the caste fall entirely, give the characters a

have Koban's men chase them fora few

days before pursuit bre

s off and they retum to Toth.

EPILOGUE
‘Thereturn toZaraisa wearyone. Onceagain, useinclement
weatherand environmental elements todelay their arrival until

the middle of April. I you'd rather kip alin
uleple weeks can be summed up i

tion. Otherwise, this period is a good time to run any of the
‘encountersfomscenesix that youdidn'tuse during the coterie'

the charactersare within afew days ride of Zara they
encounter refugees traveling east — frst a trickle,

aken, and most cary their

Few wish to speak of what has

at Zara to find much of the city destroyed
sone Mostoftheharbordistricthasbeenleveled
‘weaponry. Therestofthecityhasfaredlitlebeter
rchouse snow rubble,andevena thorough search rams
upneither the prince nor any of his gang. Whether they escaped
Zaa or were killed in the initial onslaught is up to you.

The coterie will wish to know what happened, and
after all their questioning, they can determine that the
destruction of Zara occurred at the behest of mortal men
following the orders of other mortal men. Although
Cainite involvement helped steer the direction of the
crusade, Zara's smoldering remains serve as testament
that the contents of Pandora's box, once opened, won't

retum. Even now, the militia Christi sails for
Constantinople, and the bones of Zara are merely a
shadow for what is soon to come.

andthecrusadet



O Byzantium, novo your

lucurious garments andedegant
royal veils ave cent and form
your flashing eye has qroven
dark, and you ace like an aged

ce voormanall covered with

—-Viicetas Choniates, Distoria


On April 15, 1204, adream ends, a city suffocates in
flames and an empire passes into the shadows of history.
‘Sublime basilicas are plundered for their gold, and blood
stains the cobblestones and mosaics of the Queen of,
ties. From the ashes of the Fourth Crusade, the future
takes hold
‘When the fires finally dic, darkness descendson the
Dark Medieval world from which even Cainites cannot
escape. The Long Night crawls toan end, and anew age
prepares to be born, resplendent in the fires of the
coming Inquisition. The darkness that once protected
Cainites in their manors and castles becomes instead
theirprison. Although thedestruction of Constantinople
isnot the catalyst for these changes, itisthe first of many
warning signs that the supposed lords of he night ignore
at their peril.

ata x
How To User Tus Story

Dying Embers describes the murderous climax of
the Fourth Crusade —the destruction of Constantinople.
The hubris that drove the Toreador Patriarch, Michael,
and his al to build this heaven on Earth ultimately
dooms the city, as its enemies ride the waves of the
cataclysmic, misguided crusade. In the concluding story
of Bitter Crusade, the players' characters have the
opportunity to decide where they stand: with the doomed
Byzantine Cainites attempting to salvage what they
can, or with the ravenous Latin Cainites seeking power
and revenge. Yet, their greatest struggle is simply surviv-
ing the three nightmarish nights while Constantinople
burns. If they are fortunate, the characters not only
escape with their unlives, but they help preserve an.
aspect of the Dream that made Constantinople great.

This story includes information on the Cainite
factions of Constantinople, a brief description of the
city as it was in April 1204 and information on the
aftermath of its events. You have all you need to bring
Bitter Crusade to a conclusion and usher in a new era
in the Dark Medieval world.

THEME

Three themes dominate Dying Embers: betrayal,
mortality and hope. Betrayal comesnaturally toCainites,
descended as they are from the first murderer. Although
Constantinople's fate is sealed by the actions of mis
guided mortals, vampiric betrayals add to its woes.
Wherever the characters stand, they should realize that
Cainites are as guilty of Constantinople's destruction as
che mortals —maybe more so, given theirability to view
history from an immortal perspective.

BITTER CRUSHDE

Tue DREAM

Frequent references to "the Dream" or
"Michael's Dream" crop up throughout this story
For the benefit of those without access to
Constantinople by Night, the Dream isthe belief
that Cainites can build something grand and of
lasting virtue. In essence, it is the city of
yonstantinople itself. Palaces, churches and aq-
Iden

these are what th

uueducts; the beauty of the sunset over the C
Hom; rich,
Dreamisall about. Through itssheer power to
and enrapture, the Dream is one of the last things
that still unites the Cainites of Constantinople.
Iv. ofthe thingsthatenrages Michael's
any enemies, particularly Prince Narses of
A testamentto the Toreador Methuselah's

ambition and egotism, the Dre:

rious history

Venic
inspiresasmuch
hatred and covetousness as it does serenity and
awe. This dichotomy is the basis for the events of

ying Embers.

Despite their pretensions to the contrary, Cainit
must ultimately come face to face with mortality. While
vampires are above simple death, they are cursed to see
everything that they hold dear die, including entire
cultures and societies. Cainites may be immortal, but
death still holds power over them. It follows their every
footstep, taintingand corrupting everything they touch
This is the true Curse of Caine: to watch as the world
withers and dies. The greatest foe of any vampire is time
Icisaweightthatdwarfsand eventually crushes Cainites,
leaving them hollow and dead in spirit. In Dying Em-
bers, the characters come face to face with mortality and
realize that nothing last forever, even for Cainites,

Even amidst the chaosand destruction of the Fourth
Crusade, a glimmer of hope and a chance to take hold of
the future remains. Although Michael's Dr
Constantinople, the characters can become its inheri-
tors. Whether by carrying on Michael's goals elsewher
protecting the Library of the Forgotten or through some
other activity, the coterie has many opportunities to.
find hope in the wreckage of the Dream. Which the
characters choose and how they undertake it can form
the bi any chronicles in the Dark Medieval age.

Moop

Dying Embers isa tale of chaos and cataclysm, both

somber and frantic, Death brings the best and worst
emotions out in people. This story isa tableau of human
and Cainite violence, grief and hope. For the Cainites


caught in the destruction of Constantinople, che three
nights between April 12 and April 15, 1204 are the end
of the world.

THE PLoT

Dying Embers revolves around the three nights
during which the victorious crusaders sack
Constantinople. Each act represents a single night. Act,
cone begins as the crusaders prepare to breach the walls,
and capture the city, the proverbial calm before the
storm. The mood in Constantinople is surprisingly
hopeful, leading toa false sense of security. The Tzimisce
Myca Vykos has stoked the flames of the feud beeween
his sire and grand-sire, Symeon and Gesu, in the hope of

Symeon from his bond to Gesu.

1 two begins as the crusaders have breached the
walls. The city's mortals are panicking, and the Cainites
are in disarray. Michael is missing, the Obertus monas-
tery has been sacked, and the Ventrue are fighting one
another instead of the crusaders. The apocalyptic Cainite
cult known as the Children of Calomena st
pogrom, adding to the misery created by mortals.

‘Act three brings the characters as close to expeti-

Gehennaasany Cainite everhas. Constantinople
burns, blood runs in the streets, and ashes hang like
snowflakes in the air. Mortal and Cainite alike struggle
tosurvive. The characters become aware of the multiple
levels of treachery chat resulted in the fall of the Queen

freeing

of Cities. They must then decide whether to save only
themselves or a part of the Dream that created
Constantinople.

INTRODUCING THE CHARACTERS

Dying Embers is suitable for coteries of varied
backgrounds. As written, the story assumes that the
characters are members of one of four groups:

* Agents of Narses: At the end of Venetian
Nights, Prince Narses asks the characters to work as his

LNG Dyinc EMBERS

Dying Embers isa complicated story. As the
culmination of both Bitter Crusade and centu
ries of Cainite conflict, i's impossible to describe
every element of that story in detail. The d
struction of Constantinople isa pivotal event in
the Dark Medieval world, one that not only lays
the groundwork for many future events, but
which also has a profound impact on the unlives
of many Storyteller characters. Dying Embers
focuses on justa few of the many tales that can be
told during Constantinople's fall. Add to and
embellish these tales according to the needs of
chronicle.

your ongoing

eyes and ears along the crusade route in exchange for
assistance where he can provide it. Once the crusade
reaches Constantinople, Narses senses that the conelu-
sion of hiscenturies-long vendettaagainst the Byzantines
is finally within his grasp. In such a case, he forces the
coterie either to continue as his agents or to reject him,
as they become aware of his desire to see Constantinople
destroyed

* Byzantine Cainites: Whether traveling with the
crusade or not, Byzantine Cainites have an obvious
interest in the events of this story. Although they can do
nothing to prevent the mortals from destroying their
beloved capital, they can act to preserve portions of
Michael's Dream. Byzantine vampires likewise have a
clear connection to the Cainite machinations within
the city that contribute to its final fall

* Agents of Vykos: During the events of Fien
Winter, the coterie members may have become the
lasting allies of Myca Vykos. The Tzimisce scholar has
need of agents in Constantinople to further his own
agenda against Gesu and the Obertus. The characters
would fill this role very nicely

* Crusading Cainites: Over 20,000 crusaders find
themselves trapped in Constantinople without the ability
to travel to the Holy Land as intended. Among them are
many Cainites, When events get out of hand in April
1204, they are right in the thick of things and in a position
either to add to the destruction or fight against it.

These options are not the only ones, however.
Players could also take on the roles of Timisce knights,
Arab or Genoese Cainites "trapped" in Constantinople
or even einkerjar members of the emperor's Varangian
guard (see Wolves of the Sea), just to name a few.

Major PLAYERS

The events of Dying Embers are the direct result of
the actions (both overt and covert) of four players:
Michael, Narses, Myca Vykos and mortals. Understand-
ing the goals of each faction is essential to the proper
execution of this story

Micnaen

Although he is not a faction as such, the Toreador
Methuselah Michael influences almost everything in
Constantinople. Driven slowly insane by events (and
helped along by the manipulations of the Malkavian
Gregorius), Michael has plunged into fitsof melancholy
and torpor. He now fully believes that he's the Archan-
gel Michael, a belief also held by his followers, who have
a blood oath to him. As the crusaders begin their siege,
Michael's madness deprives Constantinople of his lead-
ership. Therefore, the city's Cainites must chart their
own destinies, lest they be swept away by the mortals,
that swarm Byzantium with fire and sword.

DYING EMBERS


hatred of Byzantium is old and powerful.
Believing that he has been treated unjustly by Michael
and his allies, the prince of Venice has spent most of his
undead existence plotting against Constantinople. Al-
though it is unexpected, Narses sees the presence of the
crusaders in New Rome as the perfect opportunity to
have his revenge.
arses' primary agent in Constantinople is Bishop.
Alfonzo. However, the Archbishop of Nod doesn't
completely trust hischilde, believingrightly that Alfonzo
has learned the art of treachery too well. Consequently,
Naxses hopes to use other instruments within the cru-
sade to further his plans. Depending on how events
unfolded in Venetian Nights, the coterie may be such
inscruments.

Myca Vyxos

Taken from his native Transylvania as a youth by
the Byzantine Cainite Symeon, Vykos spent centuries
learning from him, Because of the genuine respect in
svhich he holds his sire, Vykos has grown increasingly
frustrated that Symeon is unwilling to confront his
brother and sire Gesu, who is lost in a fanatical pursuit
of divinity. Vykos' secret hatred for Gesu has increased
to include the entire Obertus sect, which he sees as
having abandoned its original quest for knowledge for
the sake of Gesu's deluded plans.

‘Vykos plans to leave the Obertus, taking his sire with
him, before Constantinople finally falls. However, he
doubts that Symeon will ever leave Byzantium as long as
Gesu lives. Consequently, Vykos plans to use the chaos of
the crusaders' attack on the city as an opportunity to
destroy Gesu, preferably with the assistance of outsiders,
although he will do the deed himself if necessary.

Mortars

Cainites consider themselves lords of the night, but
mortals hold the day. The Fourth Crusade makes that fact
painfully obvious, as mortal crusaders bring about the
destruction of both Constantinople and Michael's Dream.
Unlike either Narses or Vykos, the crusaders do not act
deliberately orasa group. Within the crusader camp, there
are many factions and many agendas. The Venetians se
mercantile concessions, the Franks want their promised
payment, and churchmen seek the obeisance of the Ortho-
dox Church. Al these desires collide to bring about the
tragedy of Dying Embers.

The disparate nature of mortal interests makes
mortals perhaps the most dangerous faction in
Constantinople — at least from the Cainite point of
view. Afterall, there is no guarantee that control of the
Venetians, for example, issufficient to bend the crusade
to one's will. As several vampires learn, assuming such

BITTER CRUSADE

athingisaslikely to lead to one'sown destruction as that
of one's enemies.

Minor PLAYERS

Even before the crusade, Constantinople was a city
of intrigues. There is a large number of minor factions,
each of which has a role to play in the story of the city's
fall. Because notall of them have a direct bearing on the
events of Dying Embers, you are encouraged to use only
those that contribute to the story you wish to tel.

* The Chosen of Calomena: As the Dream ends,
some Cainites turn to this religious sect for shelter from the
coming storm, Led by the charismatic Stanislav, the Cho-
sen believe that Caine was the child of the devil and
therefore that vampires are manifestations of evil. Only
Caine's twin sister, Calomena, can bring salvation to
Cainites. As the Chosen await the end of the world, they
attack vampires throughout Constantinopleandadd tothe
chaos wrought by the crusaders.

* The Covenant of Three: Formed by Natalya
‘Svyatoslay, Baron Thomas Feroux and Malachite (along
with other Nosferatu), this group is an informal bue strong
alliance to protect the Dream. Its members recognize that
Michael'smadnessand the designsof other ainitesthreaten
Constantinople's future. Thus far, they have taken litle
direct action toward saving the city beyond concealing
books from the Teimisce Library of the Forgotten incisterns
throughout the city. They are caught largely off guard by
the invasion of the crusaders.

* The Inconnu: These shadowy Cainites, mostly
Roman in origin, are the geeat unknown of this story
Like Narses, they resent the Dream and work to bring it
down from within. Because of their secretive nature,
they prefer to use a variety of instruments and agents
rather than move openly. In the end, even they realize
the loss that the world suffers when Constantinople is
sacked, and they retreat once more into the darkness,
leaving their agents without support.

* The Latins: Western European Cainitesdo not
comprise a unified group, but they are a significant
presence in the city. Their chief representative is
Bishop Alfonzo, the agent and childe of Narses, who.
has worked to undermine Constantinople by giving
succor to destabilizing elements, like the Chosen of
Calomena — even at the expense of Latin li
However, as Constantinople's end nears, some Lat-
ins, like Gabriella of Genoa, act to prevent the loss of,
all of Byzantium's treasures.

* The Nosferatu: The Nosferatu of
Constantinople, led by the elder Malachite, realize
that the city's end is near. Nevertheless, they work to
save New Rome despite itself. Working with others
who are sympathetic to their cause (such as the Baron


and Natalya), they scramble to uncover and destroy
those who would undermine the Dream.

* Obertus Tzimisce: Founded by the Methuselah
known as the Dracon, and now headed by his childe
Gesu, the Obertus seek to find the divinity within
each person — mortal and Cainite alike. Over the

nturies, this Tzimisce sect has become increasingly
isolated and inward-looking. This trend has angered
Myca Vykos, who places greater stock in maintaining
the Library of the Forgotten than in an introspective
quest for the divine essence within. Likewise, the rift
between Gesu and his brother Symeon is a dark
undercurrent that threatens to destroy the Obertus.
Nevertheless, they continue their rituals and medita-
tions, seemingly oblivious to the dangers around them.

Act ONE:
DARKNESS FALLS

‘Act one begins on the night of Sunday, April 11,
1204, as the crusaders are on the verge of entering the
city. Baron Thomas Feroux and his allies have helped
repelapreviousattack on the city, leading many Cainites
to believe that the worst is over. However, this calm
only masks the tensions boiling beneath the surface,
which are ready to erupt at any moment.

This act focuses on the rift berween Gesu and
Symeon and its consequences for the fate of
Constantinople. As the coterie enters the city, the
characters become enmeshed in this feud and witness
the destruction of the Obertus monastery that results.
More importantly, they recognize their own place
within the greater scheme of things thanks to an
enigmatic meeting with Michael himself,

PROLOGUE: QUEEN OF CITIES

The action of Dying Embers requires the coterie to
be within Constantinople's walls before the crusaders
enter the city. There are numerous ways in which they
mighe get there. You can determine which is the case
depending on the needs of your chronicle.

* Designated Agents? If the characters are in the
employ of Narses or Vykos (or others), gaining entry
into city isa simple matter, as both have sufficient pull
to do so. In the case of Narses, the characters find
themselves in the Latin Quarter as a guest of Bishop
Alfonzo, who treats them politely ifcoldly. In the case
‘of Vykos, the characters find their way to the monas-
tery of Christ Pantokrator, where they are kept out of
sight until Vykos can mect with them in scene one.

* Acquaintances: It's also possible that the charac-
ters know someone within Constantinople. After all,
Byzantium is a huge metropolis with trading contacts,

throughout Europe and Asia. In this instance, the coterie
arrives in whichever part of the city their contact resides.
Almost any character (Storyteller or otherwise) could
serve this purpose, but the Genoese Lasombra Bishop
Gabriella is a good candidace.

* Forced Entry: As vampires, the characters
have many ways to enter places where they are un-
wanted. The judicious use of skills or Disciplines
certainly aids in entering the city. Likewise,
Constantinople's guard posts are not always held by
the most virtuous of men, especially in times of
turmoil such as these. A well-placed bribe can often
do easily what more violent methods cannot.

* Surreptitious Entry: As impervious to outside
attack as the city is, Constantinople still has secr
hidden or otherwise forgotten entrances, any one of
which would serve to bring the characters into the city.
Many of these entrances may bring the coterie to the
attention of Nosferatu such as Malachite, who can then,
become an ally or enemy depending on how he and his
brethren are treated.

Asalways, the foregoing is only a small sampling
of possibilities. You are invited to be creative in
dealing with the characters' entry into the city. What-
ever method you choose, you should stres
Byzantium's immensity and its beauty, as thes
ments are important to setting the mood of th
In the end, the purpose of this prologue is served if the
coterie is now within the walls and has some sense of
the grandeur of Constantinople.

ScENE ONE: TREPIDATION

The characters now find themselves within
Constantinople just hours before the crusaders come
pouringinto thecity. Asin the prologue, scene one plays,
out in several ways depending on the characters' reasons
for being in the city in the first place. Again, for the
purposes of simplicity, only four options are addressed
explicitly. Using these options as guidelines, you can
easily create additional ways to include coteries with

other backgrounds and agendas.
INSTRUMENTS OF NARSES

If the characters are agents of Narses, they soon find
themselves in the presence of Alfonzo. As noted previ-
ously, he treats them politely but without any affection. He
clearly finds the presence of other Narsene agents in
Constantinople to bea personal insult — especially on the
eve of the city's fall —and he makes no effort to hide his
disdain. Characters whose players make a successful Per-
ception + Empathy roll (dificulty?) recognize that Alfonzo
isalso frightened. Although the characters won't know it,
the bishop worries that Narses knows of his secret alliance
with the Inconnuorthatheplanstoreplace him—orboth.

DYING EMBERS


In any event, Alfonzo spends some time speaki
with the characters, exchanging information. He then
briefs them on the current situation in Constantinople
During these exchanges, Alfonzo tries to feel out the
characters' loyalties and intentions. He continues to
fear that they have been sent to spy on him and his
activities. He intends to find a way to destroy them
without having to do the deed himself

‘Consequently, he strongly suggests that the charac
ters would further Narses' agenda by eliminating Gesu,
the leader of an imporcant Byzantine sect. Ifthe charac-
ters are unfamiliar with Gesu or the Obertus, Alfonzo
provides them with the details, all the while emphas
inghow much Narses—and they — would benefit from
Gesu's destruction. If the characters are skeptical ot
otherwise unconvinced, the Bishop uses every tool at
his disposal to sway them co his plan, including hints
about books contained in the Library of the Forgotten.

Should the characters show interest in his sugges
tion, Alfonzo gives them the location of the Obertus
monastery, as well as information on possible methods
of proceeding. You should feel free to improvise details
as required. After all, Alfonzo knows much about the
Obertus, but not everything. Some of his information
may indeed be incorrect.

However, ifthe coterie does not show any interest in
eliminating Gesu, Alfonzo smiles knowingly and explains
that he understands their reluctance. Afterall, it would be
a difficult undertaking — one probably beyond. their
abilities, He then suggests that there are other important,
endeavors tobe completed, such as preventing the Chosen
‘of Calomena from wreaking any more destruction on the
Latin Quarter. Alfonzo then provides them wich details of
this troublesome groupand theie current activities (further
described in scene 00)

Alnus oF VyKos

If the characters are allies of Vykos, the Fiend ap
proaches them in a secluded chamber of the
Pantokrator monastery. His manner is friendly but con-
cemed. He openly admits that he sees no future for
Constantinople. Vykosfears that the crusaders will destroy
everything of value in the city, including many Cainites, if
something is not done to stop them.

He then explains that he fears that his sire, Symeon,
will be among the Cainites destroyed — a great loss not
only to himself bur ro the fature. Vykos deseribes the story
of Symeon and Gesu's past and how even now Symeon
loves and defends his brother. The Fiend states that the
CObertus monastery is sure to be a target of the crusaders,
Because of Gesu's obsession with the Divinity Within, he
will never leave, leading to Symeon's inevitable efforts to
save him. In the end, both brothers will be destroyed,
including the much more worthy Symeon

BITTER CRUSADE

Gesu, SyYMEON AND VyKos

The unusual relationship between these three
‘Cainites stems from Michael's desire to end the feud
between the Ventrue Antonius and the Tzimisce
Dracon, his two partners in building Constantinople
and also his lovers. Michael believed that he'd found
away toheal the rift and restore unity in the persor
‘of two boys. These brothers, Sy
exemplified the best qualities of his lovers. In addi-
tion, the pair was united on a deeply spiritual level.
Each depended on and supported the other, asifeach.
was half of a greater whole. Michael presented the

‘0 AntoniusandtheDracon,askingthatthe boys
be raised as a symbol of unity that would ensure the
success of the Dream. Michael's plan seemed to have
succeededat first, and peacereignedin Constantinople.

When the Dracon Embraced Gesu as planned,

suth fell into deep torpor. Symeon refused to

hhis brother's side, despite warnings from

+ involved. Two years later,

‘Gesu awoke after receiving an angelic vision and

Embraced his brother — stripping Antonius of

Michael' gift. Antoniushecameso enraged that he

proved a threat to Constantinople. Reluctantly,

both Michael and the Dracon allowed him to be
destroyed by his own clan.

Asemblance of peace was thus restored, during
which time Symeon Embraced the Carpathian
Myca Vykos. However, the Latin riots of 118
shattered the peace for mortals and es alike.
The Genoese Lasombra Gabriella and her mortal

tioned Symeon to protect them
from anti-Latin mobs, which he did. Lillian then
wenton tobe
could Embrace her himself, Gesu decided to do the
same—butwith adifference. Ashe drained Lillian
of her blood, Gesu used Vicissitude to meld her to
him. This so-called "Immaculate Union" is Gesu's
attemprto reunite the male and the female in order
to achieve transcendence.

meon and Gesu,

meon's lover. Before Symeon'

Symeon is enraged by Gesu's actions, but,
because of his genuine love for him, he has done
nothing to
unsure whether his love will ultimately be enough.
to keep him from destroying Gesu. In this, he is
subtly encouraged by Vykos, who is disdainful of
Dying Em-

ress his anger. Instead, he broods,

Gesu's solipsistic preoccupations.
bers begins, the simmering resentment between

the two brothers finally b —with possibly

disastrous results


‘Consequently, Vykosargues forcefully that Gesu must
be destroyed before the crusaders arrive. Doing so will
enable Symeon to let go and escape Constantinople before
hesuffers Final Death at the handsofthe crusaders. Healso
recountsthestory ofLillian, the mortal whom Symeon had
protected and whom Gesu not only Embraced but sub-
sumed into his very flesh in a ewisted Obertus ritual. Stress
thesincerity of Vykos'arguments;astwistedastheyare, the
Fiend genuinely believes them. He feels that Symeon has
no future as long as he remains devoted to his brother —a
misplaced devotion ifthereever wasone. Moreover, Vykos
telieves that the greatness of Constantinople transcends
thecity itselfand thatitcan be transplantedeelsewhere, but
only if Cainites like Symeon survive the coming tumult.

Like A fonzo, Vykos provides the coterie with enough
information tohelp them enter the monastery and destroy
Gesu, Ifasked why he will not participate in this action,
Vykos confesses that he wishes to remain by his site's side
while the deed is done. His direct involvement in Gesu's
destruction would only impede its ultimate success, by
further conflicting Symeon

Lain CAINITES AND OTHERS

If the characters have entered Constantinople as
the vanguard of crusading Cainites, their involvement
in the Tzimisce feud is simple. Through one of their
contacts in the city, they learn that the Obertus monas-
tery isboth rich with books and home to a vampire who
is essential to the survival of Michael's Dream: Gesu.
Therefore, pillaging the monastery and destroying Ges
should seem natural goals for Latin Cainites intent on
sowingchaos within the Queen of Cities. You need only
direct such characterssubtly to involve them in the plot.

Ofcourse, not every Latin Cainite isa slavering hater
of Byzantium. Allies of Gabriella of Genoa, for example,
night besympatheticto thesurvival of Constantinopleand
its vampires. As an opponent of Alfonzo, Gabriella might
approach the coterie to prevent Gesu's destruction at the
hands of Narsene agents. Although she is no longer an
avowed ally of Symeon, Gabriella still retains enough
residual sympathy for him to spare the Cainite the trauma
othis brother's loss. She is, therefore, an ideal instrument
with which to involve Latin characters in Tzimisce affairs.

Tue Gant or SYMEON

Finally, characters could be approached by Symeon
himself. He is aware of Vykos' plot against Gesu and,
although he is conflicted in his feelings for his brother,
he cannot allow his childe co carry out such an act.
Interestingly, Symeon bears no ill will toward Vykos,
¢laiming to understand why Vykos decided to act as he
did. The irony, of course, is that Symeon's trust of Vykos
willone day be his undoing. (In several centuries, Vykos
is destined to diablerize his sire in the chaos of the

Anarch Revolt, an event that you may wish to fore-
shadow if your players keep track of such things.)

‘Symeon might approach the characters for many pos-
siblereasons. Symeon hasasmall networkof contacts in the
city who might tell him that the characters are trustworthy.
If they are Latins not in the employ or Narses or intent on
destroying Constantinople, he considers them reasonable
enough to hear him out. Ifthey are Byzantines, he appeals
to their interest in preserving the Dream — and Gesu's
important role in it. Alternatively, the characters may seek.
out Symeon at the direction of Gabriella or someone else
who knows him well.

Emphasize the tragic nature of Symeon. He both
genuinely loves and hates his brother, ever aware of how
much he owes to Gesu —as well as how much Gesu has
taken from him. When placed in contrast to the centu-
ries-old grudges held by other Cainites against one
another, Symeon's willingness to save his brother takes,
on an even more powerful cast, one that reflects the
melancholy ambiguity of Dying Embers.

ScENE Two: PROPHECIES

This scene occurs as the characters make their way
tothe Obertus monastery, for whatever reason. Alterna-
tively, the scene may be used as another way to involve
coteries with no connection to the Tzimisce feud in the
events of act one. You can place it any time during the
first night in Constantinople. Its exact placement de-
pends only on the demands of your chronicle.

Tue CHosEN
The characters encounter a group of six ghouls, all
‘of whom carry swords and clubs. They stride down the
city street with an arrogant air, giving unpleasant looks
to the few passersby they encounter. When their leader
a broad-shouldered young man —sees the coterie, he
immediately stops the group dead in its tracks. He
shouts, "Only the Chosen will be saved!" and leads the
group into an attack against the characters.
Thesixghoulsaremembersofthe Chosen ofCalomena
cult. Stanislav, their leader, has prophesied that the end of
the world is at hand. To prove their devotion, he has sent
cultists throughout Constantinople to attack any Cainites
they encounter —all for the glory of Calomena, of course.
Believing fully that the end is nigh, the ghouls fight with
apocalyptic fervor, and they will not surrender. Some may
flee, however, perhaps to attack again.
Jse the ghoul template on page 101 for those in the
service of the Chosen. Feel free to modify them according
tothestrengthofthecoterieandtheneedsof yourchronicle:

PRINCE OF THE HEAVENLY Host
Shortly after defeating the Chosen, the characters
are startled by a bright light, so bright they may believe

DYING EMBERS


anearby building is on fire. Whirling around, they will
see what few in Constantinople have ever glimpsed:
Michael in all his glory. Looking like nothing less than
stained glass angel come to life, the brilliant, coruscat-
ing form of the Toreador Methuselah appears before
them, His face is impassive, yet he somehow radiates
discernible benevolence. It almost hurts to gaze upon
him, but the characters feel no fear, only an indescrib-
able tranquility that will haunt them for years to come.

Surveying the characters with his expressionless face,
Michael speaks to them in a mellifluous voice that some-
how reveals both gentleness and strength all at once. "My
children," he begins, "there is not much time. One dream
is about to end, but another is yet to begin. You must see
thatitisnotstillbom," Ifthe charactersattempcto question
him or otherwise interrupt, Michael ignores them, speak-
ingasifhe hadn'theard theirobjectionsatall. Hecontinues
"Do not be afraid. Do not worry. But most of all, do not be
deceived. Even in beauty, there can be deception — and
madness, The Dream has need of midwives and it is you
who will serve." He places great emphasis on the last
sentence before opening his arms and saying, "Remember
that thisis buone form. Dreamscan have asmany as there
are dreamers to imagine them." With those words, chere is
another blinding flash and Michael is gone, leaving the
characters in a darkness that seemsall the more oppressive
after the radiance they've just experienced

On one level, Michael's words represent a brief
moment of lucidity in the midst of his interminable
madness. They entrust the Dream to the characters, to
take it beyond the confines of Byzantium. Yer, you
should neveradmitto such a simple explanation. Given
Michael's insanity, it's just as possible that his words
mean nothing and that his appearance to the coterie
had no significance. This scene is meant to be pro-
foundlyambiguous. Although it propels thestory forward,
its ultimate meaning (if any) is left to you and what you
have in mind for your chronicle

ScENE THREE: SILENT
MoNASTERY

Gesu and his monks make their home in the Monas-
tery of St. John Studius in the region knownas Exokionion.
A huge complex of buildings including even the Univer-
sity of Constantinople, the monastery is off limits to

anyone notexpressly admitted by Gesu. Therefore, getting
in is the first order of business for the characters.

ENTERING THE MONASTERY

To enter, the coterie must use a combination of
ingenuity and guile. Some Disciplines, such as Obfus-
cate, might enable characters to enter without drawing
the attention of either the Obertus or their ghoul
monks. Similarly, use of Dominate or Presence might

BITTER CRUSADE

allow acharacter to convince someone toallowhim into
the monastery. There are also many secret passages and
tunnels from other parts of the city. If the characters
have become friendly with the Nosferatu — and they
have come to save Gesu — they may use one of these
hidden entrances.

Because there are so many possible methods of
entry, they cannot be enumerated here. As long as you
force the players to think creatively to overcome this
genuine challenge, you're doing fine. The goal here is
tension, the sense that the characters could be discov-
ered by Gesudian monks or Tzimisce vampires and
turned away — or worse. This scene is the climax of act,
one and you should always bear that fact in mind.

INSIDE THE MONASTERY

‘The monastery itself is a testament to Gesu's un-
usual approach to spiritual development. Combining
Orthodox Christian iconography with vampiric motifs,
the interior rooms come as a shock to all but the most
jaded Cainites. In addition to inhuman Tzimisce monks
going about their devotions, there are others suspended
in iron cages, deprived of blood to aid in their unique
meditations. Compared to the subtler warping of Chris-
tianity among Cainite Heretics, the monastery is a
genuine oddity

‘The monks carry out various duties: praying, reading
and tending to the Library of the Forgotten, among other
things. While most are Obertus ghouls, some are true
vampires. All take notice of and investigate anything (or
anyone) unusual. Consequently, it's imperative that the
characters make every effort to hide and move silently, lest
their presence raise an alarm against them. Although the

Tue LiBRARY OF THE FORGOTTEN
The library is the greatest acc:
the Obertus. During the seventh and eighth cen-
turies, the Dracon and his ghoul monks began
collecting knowledge and information, and they

lishment of

assembled one of the finest libraries in the world.
Inthe years before the destruction ofthe Library of
Alexandria, the Dracon sent his monks to tran-
scribe some of the most precious scrolls, saving a
number of tomes and books that were thought to
be lost forever.

Anything from the complete Protrepticus
(Aristotle's lost exhortation to philosophy) to
unknown fragments of the Book of Nod could be
found within its stacks. Take care with what you

low your players access to, but the final decision
isyours, based on both interest and the demands of
your chronicle.


ORNs

monks are not violent by nature, there are enough monks,
to make the characters' lives difficult should they be
discovered. If needs be, use the templates on page 101 for
the ghoul and Cainite monks.

CONFRONTING GEsU

Gesu spends a great deal of time within the inner
chapel of the monastery, which is where the characters
ultimately find him. How their meeting with him unfolds
depends on their reasons for coming to the monastery. If
they have come to destroy him, Gesu offers only token
resistance. He is not a warrior, and he abhors violence.
However, he attempts todetermine why itisthe characters
seek to destroy him. Even as he faces the prospect of his
Final Death, Gesu is curious. Should they claim that
Symeon has sent them, Gesu does not accept it, believing
(quite rightly) thachis brother doesnothave sufficienthate
within him to have commanded such an action.

Although Gesu abhors violence, his monks do not.
Many of them will defend their spiritu evenatthe
cost of their own lives. You should be prepared to handle
melees between the coterie and Gesu's monastic defenders,
whoarm themselves with improvised w
though, Gesuorders the monks tocease their defense of im
and tries to dissuade the characters from their course. He
speaks with the eloquence ofa preacher about the loss of the
Dream and the search for the Divinity Within. He asks the
characters to join himin thissearch by adding, "Dreamscan,

haveasmany formsas there are dreamers to imagine them."

Dias G GE
Since Gesu submits so willing! s own
struction, some players will wish to take ad
of this fact by diabler
Gesu is a powerful vampire, there's no reason you
should discourage this course of action. In fact,
committing Amaranth upon Gesu could add fur
ther pathos to the story of Dying Embs
diablerist suffers either deran;
alteration of his virtues toward those of C
oth cases, the diablerist is forever affected by his
actions, ensuring that the fall of Constantinople
as well as historical consequences in
hronicles.
mpires on the Roads of Heaven or Hur
ity lose one point from their rating should they
se, the Storyteller may rule
that the s
the diablerist's Conscience and Self-Control by
one dot (or reduces their Instinet and Convie-
tion). Even the very act of diablerie can thus
transform a character, bringing him clo
divinity that Gesu saw within all Cz


This echo of Michael's words from scene two should serve
to underscore Gesu's words. However, if his attackers
remain unmoved, he submits to his own destruction with-
outfurthercomment. Someof theremainingmonksattempt
tokill che coterie upon seeing their master destroyed, while
others flee into the monastery's bowels

‘On the other hand, if the coterie has come to save
Gesu, they arrive well in advance of his would-be assassins
Gesu greets them without once questioning who they are
or how they entered his abode. He then implores them,
"Donotbe aftaid. Do not worry," echoing Michael's words
from the previous scene. Gesu tells the characters that he
issafe within the monastery and thathe shall remain here
as longas he is needed, but he does not elaborate upon his
statement, He is unmoved by any attempts to convince
him to leave, even when presented with strong evidence
that his existence is in danger. Instead, Gesu tells the
characters that itis their existence —and the Dream they
must protect — that is endangered by staying. He encour-
ages them to leave the monastery at once.

SCENE Four:
INTO THE FLAMES

This scene follows immediately on the previous
‘one, whether the characters have destroyed Gesu or
have tried in vain to get him to leave. In either case, they
hear a loud boom, as the crusaders breach the walls of
Constantinople and enter the city. If Gesu is still alive,

he again encourages them to flee at once. The more
fanatical or depraved among the crusaders have already
begun to pillage and destroy at will. If Gauthier de
Dampiere has survived the events of both Venetian
Nights and Fiendish Winter, he leads a large band of
zealous crusaders to the Obertus monastery, which they

set ablaze — with the characters still inside! Otherwise,
it is another fanatical crusader who leads the band.

The fire moves quickly through the wooden interi
ors of the monastery, scorching the stones as it rises
upward, Any monks who remain in the building scurry
about, attempting to extinguish the fire and protect the
Library of the Forgotten. As they doso, mortal crusaders
enter the building and put them to the sword. The
characters may wish to join in the defense of the mon:
astery, in which case they must contend not only with
the crusaders but also the flames.

If he is still alive, Gesu continues to plead for the
characters to leave him and the monastery behind. He
suggests that the characters have another destiny be-
yond Constantinople and that it will not be served by
their dying here. You should feel free to allude to
Michael's prophetic words, if thar will encoura
characters to flee the monastery. Gesu tells the charac-
tersof tunnels beneath the monastery that could enable

BITTER CRUSADE

HE DANGERS OF FIRE

Consult the Vampire: The Dark Ages
rulebook for complete rules on fire. The fire in th
monastery grows more intense the longer the
characters stay. Initially, the difficulty of resisting
flame damage is 5. As the fire becomes stronger,
the difficulty reaches 7. You should make every
effort to emphasize the danger of the situation to,
the players, since lingering in the monastery too
spell the end of their characters.

In addition, you should remember that being
trapped in a burning building is sufficient to trigger
Rétschreck in most vampires— including the cote.
rie. Theplayersshould make appropriate rollsduring
thistimeso thattheircharacters remain incontrolas.
the fire rages through the monastery.

Jong could

them toescape the crusaders' notice. Indeed, the coterie
may already know of such tunnels if they're allied to the
Nosferatu or entered the monastery through them al-
ready, However, if Gesu is destroyed and the characters
have no knowledge of the tunnels, a successful Percep-
tion + Investigation roll revealsan entry to these tunnels
exposed by the crusaders' pillaging, which the charac
ters can then use to escape.

SCENE Five

New ALLIANCES

This is an optional scene that can he omitted safely
if you do not wish to deal with the added complications
it introduces. The tunnels the characters enter are part
of a network of sewers and other underground passage-
ways used by the Nosferatu and other renegade groups.
When the characters enter them to escape the confla-
gration above, they find themselves alone and without
any sense of direction, Successful uses of Perception +
Investigation, Intelligence + Science, Auspex or other
Disciplines might enable the characters to navigate the
tunnels to safety.

However, at the discretion of the Storyteller, a
successful Perception + Alertness roll reveals the sound
of frantic whispered conversation. Following the voices
Jeads the characters into an open area beneath a cistern.
In this area are several Cainites, as well as crates and
makeshift shelves on which can be seen many books and
scrolls. Unless the characters announce themsely.
they remain unseen.

The Cainires are Malachite, Natalya and Thomas
Feroux. They.are overseeing a frenzied attempt to box
and move some of the books they've been secreting in
cisterns throughout the city. Realizing that the Library


of the Forgotten was too rempring a target for any
would-be conqueror (quite rightly, it seems), these
three Cainite took precautions. Now that crusaders are
running rampant throughout the city, this Covenant of
Three is making good on its plans

If the characters announce themselves, the three
react with surprise. Although they are suspicious of
Latin Cainites especially now — they do not require
unreasonable proof of good intentions, With a few
questions, they can determine if the coterie is worthy of
their trust. Ifso, they ask for theirassistance. Ifnot, they
use their considerable abilities (and those of their ghoul
allies) co beat them back, aiming to buy their fellows
more time.

If the characters aid the three, they are treated to
another perspective on the death of Michael's Dream.
Unlike many Cainites, the Covenant of Three sees the
Dream as a reality and not an unattainable goal. They
hope to preserve it elsewhere beyond the walls of
Constantinople. Their attempt to save some of the
Library's contents is but one physical example of how
they intend ro do that, Malachite, for example, is
ordering other Nosferatu to leave the city for greener
pastures, where they will bring the Dream. Natalya
hopes co return to her native Russia to do the same,
while the Baron vows to fight on in Byzantium as long
as there is some hope that it can be saved.

Besides carting crates of books tobe transported outof
thecity, he Covenant asks the charactershow they intend
to preserve the Dream. There is no correct answer to this
query. I¢s an opportunity for the characters to reflect on
their experiences during this first night of the sack of
Constantinople. It's fitting way for them to place events
within a larger context in an attempt to see beyond the
destruction that will soon be even more horrific.

Act Two:
MIDNIGHT

SUNs

Act two consists of four optional and two manda-
tory scenes. Unlike the previous act, no single plot
dominates act two. Instead, it's intended to highlight
Constantinople's destruction — as well as the Dream's
— by showing a wide variety of events. Each event
illustrates the themes of betrayal, mortality and hope

tharare the hallmarks of Dying Embers. Together these
scenes paint an image of the city as iis pillaged.
Throughout this act, the characters find
Constantinople an odd mix of the panicked and the
calm, While crusaders run about looting the city, many
of its inhabitants show no signs of concern. Byzantine
citizens are used to coups and rebellions, having seen
dozens of them in the last few decades. To them, the

‘crusaders are just the latest in a long line of strong men
seizing the capital in onder to take the empire. If the
coterie is obviously Latin in appearance, they may
encounter Greek citizens who greet them with the
‘words "Hagios basileus marchios," meaning "Holy em-
peror the Marquis," referring to their expectation that
Marquis Boniface of Montferrat will seize the throne
after the sack. Little do they — or the characters —
realize what fate has in store for the Queen of Cities.

Ne
ScENE Six: SACRILEGE

Thecharacters find themselvesnear Hagia Sophia, the
Church of Holy Wisdom. Although it is late at night, they
can hear the sounds of echoing activity within its cavern-
ousinterior. They can alsosce lights brighterthan would be
typical at this hour. After spending a minute or two
pondering these facts, they see a group of five rough-
looking crusaders push an Orthodox priest outside the
building and begin to beat him. He holds a book, possibly
a sacramentary, with a gem-encrusted cover in his hands,
asifhe isdefending it. He sees the coterie and begs them in
Greek to assist him.

How the characters react is up to the players. The
crusaders aren't knights but common men armed with
clubs. They aren't especially skilled in the use of their
chosen weapons, butifthe characters donothing, they beat
the priest to death and take the book from his body. If the
characters confront the crusaders, they find them poor
opponents, easily frightened by displays of superior skill.
Characters on the Roads of Heaven and Humanity should
feel themselves particularly drawn to the priest's plight.

Ifthe coterie drives off the ruffians, the priest, named
Father Demetrios, thanks and blesses his benefactors. He
then begs them to come to his aid once more. Crusaders
have entered Hagia Sophia and have desecrated it with
their actions. They have stripped the altars of precious
furnishings, smashed icons and defiled the Eucharist and
Precious Blood. They use patens as bread dishes and
chalices as drinking cups — and other even worse sacti-
leges. Father Demetrios asks that the characters do
something to stop them. If they are Latins, he asks them to
use their "influence" over them. If they are not, he appeals.
to their solidarity with the Byzantines.

Fulfilling this request is difficult. For one, the cru
saders within outnumber the coterie significantly. Over
two dozen crusaders are present, some of them knights
with armor and swords. Moreover, Hagia Sophia is holy
ground, which causes Cainites great discomfort. Al
though none of the crusaders within possess True Faith,
the holiness of Hagia Sophia itself at least distracts the
vampires. The Church of Holy Wisdom has an ambient
Faith rating of only 5 or 6 given its desecration, but some
areas of the building still have ratings as high as 8.

's of vampires who try to enter holy ground must

DYING EMBERS


roll Willpower against its Faith rating to do so. Mortals
with True Faith gain an additional poincon holy ground.

If the coterie takes on the sacrilegious crusaders,
make the fight a desperate one, with odds strongly
favoring the crusaders. One option might be to raise an
alarm andalertother, more devout crusaders, reminding,
them of their vows never to pillage churches or harm
fellow Christians. Doing so requires solid roleplaying,
butt isa definite solution to this moral quandary. Ifthe
characters leave without stopping the crusaders, Father
Demetrios beseeches them further but does nothingelse
to persuade them.

ENE SEVEN:
ATRICIAN INFIGHTING

This optional scene highlights the self-destruction of
the Byzantine Ventrue. Instead ofrallyingo the defense of
the city over which they claim to watch, they have tumed
on one another, fighting to determine who will reign over
the ashes that the crusaders leave behind. This scene can
occur almost anywhere in the city, although it's most
appropriate near centers of power such as the various
palaces, basilicas and forums.

As the coterie moves about the city, the characters
encounter a pair of Cainites arguing with one another,
‘each backed up by several ghouls. They are both Ventrue,,
but each supportsa different faction within the clan, Feel
free to decide which faction each supports based on the
needs of your chronicle. The default assumption is that
one Cainite (Alexander) supports Basileus Caius, the
Ventrue elder of the city, while the other (Theodorus)
supports AnnaComnena, astridentanti-Latin and Caius'
main rival. Their dispute centerson the charge that Caius
is responsible for having precipitated the sack of the city
by granting the Latins sole rule over their quarter.

Unless the characters avoid being seen, they will be
drawn into this argument. If they are Latins, Theodorus
points to their presence as proof of his changes against
Caius. He even begins to mock and taunt them, asking if
they've "come to steal yet more from our city." If they are
Byzantines, Theodorus questions them on the matter of,
the Latin "infestation" of Constantinople and whether or
‘not Caius isan unworthy leader for the clan because of his
involvement in it

The characters should react according to their con.
sciences, allegiances and Roads. You should encourage
them to become involved in this dispute, if only to show
the depths to which the Ventrue have fallen. The sight
of their arguing with — even threatening — one an-
otherwhile the city burnsaround them would be comical
if it weren't so tragic. Both Theodorus and Alexander
are Cainites of some power and ability. Were they to
work together, they might be able to salvage something

BITTER CRUSADE

of the city that they both claim to hold dear. Emphasize
this fact, especially ifthe coterie is acting to do just that.

This scene is open-ended, and it can conclude i
any number of ways. However, unless the characters do
something to prevent it, the most likely outcome is
violence between the two Cainites and their ghoul
attendants — and possibly the characters. Convincing
them not ofight requires careful diplomacy and perhaps
even subtle intimidation. Even then, the characters
have not changed any minds; they'll only have post-
poned the dispute to a later time

In the end, almost any action is futile. The Ventrue
seem determined to destroy themselves, and this scene
should make that sad fact very clear. Use it as an opportu-
nity topointout that Cainitesareas guilty ofthedestruction
of Byzantium as are the mortals, pethaps even more so, for
they have memories long enough to realize what has been
Jost when the city is finally sacked.

ScENE EIGHT:
THE CHOSEN RETURN

Fires have started throughout the city, begun by
careless lootersandamplified by the Chosen of Calomena
Stanislav, their leader, believes that the end times are
upon the world and that Caine's twin sister shall return
imminently. Consequently, he and his fellow cultists act
with even more wild abandon, setting fires and killing
mortalsand Cainitesalike. In thisscene, the coterie finds
itselfattacked by several ghouls led by Stanislav himself

There should be one ghoul per member of the coterie,
plus Stanislav. Being a crafty opponent, he waits until the
characters are especially vulnerable then uses surprise. As
the characters are kept busy dealing with the ghouls,
Stanislav sets more fires, attempting to trap the coterie and
prevent their escape. Stanislav fully expects Calomena to
reward him for his destruction of the "devilish Cainites,"
and he acts appropriatel

Stanislav does not survive the sack of
Constantinople, and the characters may well be the
instruments of his destruction. The Chosen do not last
Jong after his Final Death, fading into the mists of
history. This scene is another opportunity for the char-
acters to participate in an important —ifminor—event
of the Dark Medieval age

SceNE NINE:
Look TO THE FUTURE

‘The characters encounterasmall train of Nosferatt,
led by Malachite, exiting the city's sewer system. If the
characters have met Malachite in act one, he acknow|-
edges their presence but isotherwise curt. Ashe explains,
he and his followers are leaving Constantinople forever.


There is no future here. Michael's Dream is dead in this
location, butperhapsit can be transplanted elsewhere as
aseed of the future. If the characters have not yet met
Malachite, he isreluctant to speak with them, especially
if they appear to be Latins.

Ifpressed, Malachite adds that there are reports that
Michael has disappeared from his resting place beneath
Hagia Sophia. Of course, Malachite doesn't blame him:
He's seen hordes of crusaders looting the place—hardly
afit resting place for the elder of Constantinople! The
Nosferatu then wonders aloud where the patriarch has
gone in the midst of so much chaos. Should the coterie
pursue this matter, Malachite suggests that Michael
may have gone to the Palace of the Mangana, where he
spent many months after the death of the Ventrue
Antonius centuries ago.

If the characters have already told him of their
encounter with Michael, Malachite then asks them
what itis that the Patriarch said to them. He has great
interest in it, since he fears that they may be the last
words heard from the Methuselah in some time — if
ever. He tells the characters to consider themselves

fortunate to have received such a boon and to take
Michael's words seriously. Malachite reacts similarly if
the characters only now reveal their experiences to him,
except with more surprise, particularly given Michael's

recent disappearance.

Beyond that, Malachite has little else co offer the
coterie. He bids them success in whatever endeavors
they undertake, and he expresses the hope that they will
meet again under better circumstances. Before disap-

pearing into the night with his fellow Nosferatu, he says,

A Dose oF DESTINY

Malachite and his Nosferatu have actually
been dominated by Michael into leaving the city
to spare them the fires to come and to spread
fragments of the Dream. The Patriarch's program-
ming of the Lepers occurred over the la and
there'slittle the coterie can do to counter it in the
short term. Convineing arguments may inspire
falachite todelay his departureafew more nights,
but that is the best they can he

Players who devour the various World of Dark
ness supplements may know that Malachite
eventually returns to Constantinople, however, and
sees it fall to the Turks in centurie
described in Clanbook Nosferatu). His re
returning are many, but ifthe players' coterie sho
itselfwillingtoriskthe firesofthecrusade, that surely
inspireshim in yearsto come. Malachite would make
ein the

to come (as
sons for

an interesting hidden patron forsuchacot
years after Bitter Crusade.

"If the Dream is worthwhile, it will outlast even
Constantinople. It possesses an immortality even,
Cainites should envy."

ScENE TEN: _
THE House oF LAMPS

This scene introduces the characters to the enig
matic Mary the Black, who plays a key role at the climax
of Dying Embers. In addiion, i escablishes that there
are forces at work in Constantinople far darker than.
either human zeal or Cainite treachery.

The House of Lamps isa one-story building near the
Grand Bazaar between the Second and Third Hills of
the city. As its name suggests, it isa business specializing
in the sale of lamps of various materials, shapes and sizes
The house has an evil reputation among Cainites, re-
nowned for the number of vampires who've entered its
walls and never returned to tell the cale. This reputation
is well deserved, as the house is the secret home of a
demon-witch named Layla Mader.

Ofcourse, only characters native to Constantinople
or very familiar with the city would be aware of this,
reputation. If the characters are new to Byzantium, you
should exploit their naiveté in getting them to enter the
house. If they do know of it, convincing them to enter
requires both cleverness and a compelling reason to do,
so. Suggestions suitable for both types of coteries are
described here:

* Characters seeking to preserve the Library of the
Forgotten hear that the house's operator, a certain Layla
Mader, possesses several valuable tomes thatshe might be
willing to part with —for the right price.

* Characters in need of esoteric knowledge, be it a
translation or information about Constantinople's early
history, hear that Layla Madeer knows of such mattersand
might be convinced to aid them.

* Characters looking fora particular Cainite, such as
Nerea of Spain, Gabriella of Genoa or someone else, hear
that she's holed herself up in the house, relying on its
unsavory reputation as a shield against being found,

The characters themselves may need to hide from
their enemies. The House of Lamps has such an air of evil
about it that even Narsene agents avoid it, making it the
perfect sanctuary.

* Curious characters may notice that, despice the
general slaughter of the city, the house miraculously
escapes unscathed. Indeed, crusaders seem to avoid it
outright, Such a mystery may prove too difficult to pass,
up for some Cainites.

Naturally, these suggestions are not exhaustive. In
the end, you should find reasons for the coterie to enter
the House of Lamps that fit the needs of both your

DYING EMBERS


chronicle and the characters. Pay special attention to
characters' Roads and Demeanors, as these traits may
provide additional hooks to draw them into this scene.

INSIDE THE House

The interior of the house is unsettling, Lamps of
every conceivable type burn within, illuminating the
building. Yet — almost contrary to reason — the place
remains cloaked in shadows, a fact made all the more
eerie by the billows of smoke that waft through the air
and the indescribable scents that they carry with them,

Upon entering, the charactersare greeted by a woman,
of indeterminate age, who introduces herself as Layla
Mader, the house's proprietor. Polite and well-spoken,
Madeer nevertheless makes little effort to hide that she
knows who — and what— the characters are. Characters
with Auspex level 2 (Soulsight) may be able to recognize
that Madeer is a witch of great power and age.

Nonetheless, Mader welcomes the coterie to the
house, saying that she knew that they'd come. If asked.
what she means, she is evasive and she questions the
characters about what they seek. It's at this poine that
the reason that brought them here comes into play.
Decide how true that reason is, and play out the scene
accordingly. Whether or not Madeer truly has what the
characters seek, she makes no threatening moves unless
she is threatened. Indeed, she is never anything but
polite, even respectful. Use this fact to place the charac-
ters on edge, particularly those who have some inkling of
Madeer's true nature

Mary THE BLack

The coterie's edginess should increase when the
characters suddenly realize that a second person is in
the room with them. Seated quietly in a dark corner
isa small figure, hooded and obscured by shadows and
smoke. Even so, they can feel the figure's red-rimmed
eyes upon them, watching from the distance, Then,
without warning, the figure stands and walks toward
chem with purpose.

As the figure gets closer, she pulls back her hood,
revealing the face ofa beautiful young woman, wise beyond
her years but hardened and cruel. In addition to her
buming eyes, her pitch-black skin marks her as a creature
of evil. This is Mary the Black.

She makes no especially aggressive moves, but an
auraof threat should surround her. She isan ancientand
powerful creature, bearing the marks of hatred and the
infernal. Characters with any sort of instinct for these
things (those with ratings in Occult, Auspex or
Thaumaturgy would certainly qualify) get a very bad
feeling about Mary.

Mary locks gazes with one member of the coterie
and says, "You have seen him, haven't you? He finally

BITTER CRUSHDE,


stits. I knew even he could not be so self-absorbed as to
do nothing while his Dream dies."

Mary refers, ofcourse, to Michael, whomshe intendsto
find and destroy, Should the coterie ask Mary what she's
talkingabout, she will be cryptic in her responses. She istoo
consumed with anger and a lust for revenge to be coherent
Nevertheless, you should impart some of the information
contained in the histories of Michael andherself (see pp.88
and 77). Knowing even small amounts of this information
will make the climax of Dying Embers more meaningful

During this time, characters whose players make a
successful roll of Perception + Empathy (difficulty 7)
notice that Layla Mader looks uncomfortable, almost
ftightened by the presence of Mary. Clearly, there are
things thar unnerve even a powerful mage.

‘After a few minutes of ranting against Michael, in
which she becomes increasingly lost in her own inner
dialogue, Mary allows the coterie to leave the House of
Lamps. If they seem reluctant to do so, Madeer encourages
them. Astheexitthebuilding, Marysaystothem, "He made
mebelievel wasspecial once—and that foolish belief made
sme what I am today. Do not be deceived."

SCENE ELEVEN?
Bioop Feast

‘Amidst the destruction of Constantinople, Bishop
Alfonzo of Venice has decided to celebrate. He sees his
elevation to princedom as imminent. Consequently, he
has called for a blood feast the likes of which hasn't been
seen in Constantinople in years. With so many new kine
in the Queen of Cities, Alfonzo believes that he can offer
hisguestsa more varied andenjoyableselection than usual
Therefore, each of his usual guests receives an invitation,
asdo any Cainites who have accompanied the crusad

‘simportant thatthe coterie findsitsway to Alfons
compound to attend — if not participate — in his de
bauched celebration. Because Alfonzo intends for the

Destroyinc Mary

It's possible the coterie may decide to attack

Mary. Ifso, you should use all her abilities to their
utmost. She is a very powerful vampire, and her
skills and Disciplines should be more than a march
for most coreries. She'll do whatever is necessary to
preserve her own existence — including destroy a
character or two.

However, it's also possible the characters may
destroy Mary. There's no reason to prevent this occ
rence. The climax of Dying Embers does not require

Mary's presence. Information on handling this pc

blood feast to be a preliminary to his eventual assumption,
of control over Constantinople, the festivities are well
announced among the local Cainites. If the characters are
already acquainted with Alfonzo, their presence is easy t0
justify. If they are not, a sympathetic Storyteller character,
such as Nerea of Spain, could draw them to Alfonzo.
Recognizing the dawn of anew order, even some Byzantine
vampires are attending, which provides a good excuse for
characters allied with the Greeks to come as well. Those
characters who are committed to protecting Byzantium or
preserving parts of the Dream can attend with an eye
toward finding out their enemies' plans.

Br My Gue

Alfonzo is nothing if not an amiable host. Charac-
ters who have met him previously find his demeanor
greatly changed. He is now almost ebullient in his,
temperament, greeting his guests warmly and without
bitterness. If asked about this change, Alfonzo simply
replies, "How can I be displeased with the latest events
in my city?" He places great emphasis on his possession
of Constantinople, as if his accession to its prineedom,
were a fait accompli

The blood feastitselfis a lavish affair. Many Cainites
dress in their finest attire; others adopt costumes of past
ages. Younger Cainites may find it all unsettling to see
their elders dressed as Roman senators or Carolingian
nobles. Indeed, the entire affair has a surreal quality to
it, one that contrasts sharply with the carnage being
wrought outside. You would do well ro emphasize this
dichotomy, as it reveals not only the callous narcissism.
of Alfonzo, but also the quickness with which many
Cainites have decided to throw in with the perceived
"new masters" of Constantinople,

In form, the blood feast apes both courtly ceremony
and religious ritual, with particular stress on the former.
Although he isa member of the Cainite Heresy, Alfonzo
shares his master's self-serving attitude toward it. More-
over, Alfonzo fully believes that he shall soon be made
ruler of Byzantium. Therefore, the feast inaugurates a
new age for the city — and for him. After the initial
proceedings, several mortals are brought forth as nour-
ishment. As further reinforcement of the Latin
ascendancy, all the mortals are well-born Byzantines:
courtiers, nobles and other similar dignitaries. Alfonzo
takes great pleasure in watchingeven Byzantine Cainites
feed upon these scions of Constantinople. In his mind,
his own pre-eminence has now been established. Char-
acters with high rating in Roads that value hum
should have a hard time with this feast.

During the course of the blood feast, the characters may
engage various Cainites in conversation, Most vampires
both Latin and Greek — fixate on the city's destruction.

DYING EMBERS


‘Although many Latins express pleasure at the destruction of
the city, a hint of sadness creeps into even their spiteful
voices. There isa creeping sense that something beautiful is
being lost, something irreplaceable. In addition, many are
concerned with the fact that the mortals now determine the
fate of Constantinople. More than one Cainitesays, "Hadwe
been in charge, the city could've been taken without such
slaughter." This resentment toward mortal "interference
common refrain.

Michael's disappearance is another topic of inter-
est. The Patriarch has been such a fixture of the city for
so long that even his enemies cannot imagine he would
abandon it in its time of greatest need. Some Cainites
suggest that this mysterious fact is proof of
Constantinople's imminent end. Others admit to some
disappointment that the self-appointed archangel isnot
here to see his final defeat.

‘Youshould use thisscene asan occasion toprovide the
coterie members with any information that they may have
missed elsewhere in the act. Because act two is so open-
tended, you should feel free co use this scene to provide
wharever details or emphasize whatever themes you feel
are appropriate to your chronicle.

Mase OF PERFORMANC

‘As dawn approaches and the blood feast reaches the
level of frenzy, Alfonzo announces that he has a special
treatin store for his guests, one that further points out the
dawn of a new era. The bishop explains that he has
obtained the services of Gregorius Dimities, Michael's
celebrated Muse of Performance. He adds that Gregorius is
toshare some of his dreams with the assembled Cainites, a
dramatic performance they shall not soon forget. This
announcement draws the attention of many Cainites,
distracting them from theie feast momentarily.

Shortly after making the announcement, a ghoul
servant approaches Alfonzo and pulls himaside. Alfonzo.
lets out a cry of exasperation: Gregorius has left his
compound, fleeing into the night. The bishop's exas-
peration turns quickly to anger, as he pummels his
servant asa bearer of bad news. Interestingly, few of the
assembled Cainites take much notice of this unfortu-
nate turn of events; they are far more interested in the
blood feast itself. However, Alfonzo sees it as a serious
affront to his newfound stature.

If the characters know Alfonzo or are his allies, he
calls them to him. He asks them to find Gregorius and
bring him to his compound. No one, he declares, will
defy him on the eve of his ultimate victory. He suggests
that they go quickly, as it's more likely they'll find him
if they do. Gregorius maintains no fixed haven, but
Alfonzo recommends the Kynegion Amphitheater or
the Great Palace.

BITTER CRUSHDE

If the characters are not known to Alfonzo or are
unfriendly toward him, wo options exist to involve
them. In one, Alfonzo asks publicly for someone to find
that madman Gregorius and bring him to me." He offers,
to reward them once he becomes prince of
Constantinople. In the other, an ally of the characte:
perhaps Gabriella of Genoa or Nerea of Spain, leans
over to the characters and suggests that someone should
warn Gregorius before he suffers at Alfonzo's hands. In
either case, the bishop sends out his ghouls to find the
Malkavian' muse, as well as any other Cainite who
wishes to join the hunt.

The disappearance of Gregorius so enrages Alfonzo
that he storms out of the blood feast to brood, leaving
behind the frenzied mass of guests who hardly notice his
absence or the destruction that has engulfed
Constantinople. Characters who venture outside
see bright flames that illuminate the entire city rising
outside the Latin Quarter. The sun will soon join that
illumination, as dawn breaks over New Rome. The
characters must therefore delay their pursuit of Gregorius
until the next climactic night, as detailed in act three.

Acct THREE?
SINS OF THE FATHER

This act sees the ultimate capture of the city, as well
as the Final Death of Michael. More so than the previous
acts, act three is filled with melancholy and sadness. The
loss of the Dream should be palpable. As the coterie
moves about the city, describe che burning buildin,
the destruction of property that overwhelms many por-
tions of Constantinople.

The eeriness of seeing the greatest city in
Christendom fall before mere mortals cannot be stressed
enough. Characters who have played through both
Venetian Nights and Fiendish Winter beforehand will
now sense that history belongs to mortals, that the Long

cd, Although he didn't realize it, Alfonzo
fall does mark the beginning of a ne
age, an age in which Cainites no longer rule as they once
did. This fact should haunt the coterie as much as the
end of the Dream,

This act admits new scenes easily. Indeed, you are
encouraged to add scenes that reflect the coterie's par-
ticular interests in Constantinople. Dying Embers isthe
conclusion of so many different plot lines that it is
impossible to do justice to any but a handful. The
insertion of additional scenes for the benefit of an
ongoing chronicle is one easy way to add meat to the
skeleton of a story offered here.


SCENE TWELVE:
EMPEROR OF THE NIGHT

This scene occurs only if the characters seck out
Gregoriusin the Great hich isnow occupied by
the service of Boniface of Montferrat
entering it requires stealth and skill. You
should refer to scene three for a discussion of how to
dle covert entry into an occupied locale. In many
centering the palace is easier than the Obertus
stery simply because itis bigger, offer-
greater opportunit
Cainites to hide within its
is. Nevertheless,
there are enough
mortalswithin tore-
quite seriousefforeto
succeed. A few
sample encounters
and complicationsin-
clude
* a band of riot-
ous crusaders fighting
‘over possession of one
of the palace's many
works of art
© an outraged
Byzantine courtier
seeking an audience
with Boniface to de-
mand his departure
from the palace
* Ven
saties on their way 10
confer with leaders of
the crusade
* the barring of
doorsand passageways
asBonifaceattemptsto
prevent both Byza
tine citizens and other
crusaders from enter-
ing the palace
The coterie will
not find Gregorius
within
characte
one
Ventrue
Sacred P
greets the characters' arrival with s
followers have taken to fighting amongst themselves.

n emis-

ing, possibly gone for
true speaks with the chara
cer a time. If they are Latins, he first mocks them,
asking if they've come to pillage his haven as well. Ifhis,
mockery is returned, he attacks the coterie,
their impudence. However, his current mental
shambles. He would just as soon sulk within his haven,
railing at his inability to do anything to
Constantinople — or win Micha
Indeed, any overt discussion of the Patriarch sparks
Caius' interest. Ifthe characters give the impression that
they know the current whereabouts of Michael, C:
begs them toshare the information.
whose players make a
successful Perception +
Empathy roll (diffi
culty 7) real
that Caius' inte
estisn't mot
by love, but by ha-
tred. In his
depressed state,
the Ventre
blames Michael
for the fall of the
city, as well as
his own unbap-

acters give
any information
about Michael,
even mere ru-
mors or hearsay,
he picks himself
up and heads off
intothenight. He
intends to find
the Patriarch and
"deal with him."
Unlless the cote-
A ric chooses to
G interfere, he
leaves his haven
BY without further
H comment. He
B never seen ag:
he falls before
mortal opponents, possibly Gauthier de Dampiere, if he
is still alive. If they follow him, they may well witness
noble end. If they try to stop him, he fights back
ed. Nothing must

DYING EMBERS


stand between him and his destiny with Michael
whatever that may be.

SCENE THIRTEEN?
REPENTANT Musr

The characters' search for Gregorius eventually
leads them to Kynegion Amphitheater. They head
there after they catch word of a crusader being struck
mad there and ranting about the devil. The characters
see this madman as he runs through the streets — he is
aknight named Christian of Sicily — ranting about the
glory of heaven burning. Just what the coterie does with
this fool is up to them, but if they release him, word of
his fate spreads to the other crusaders. Doing so may
bring Gauthier de Dampiere to the amphitheater at the
end of the scene if you wish to stage another confronta-
tion with him.

Arthe amphitheater, the coterie finds the Malkavian
kneeling in the center of the theater, his head bowed as if
in acknowledgment of applause. Gregotius lifts his head as
the characters approach him. The characterscan see blood
streaming down his face, his eyes reddened with its color.
He then smiles at the characters and asks if they've come
to end his suffering.

How this scene proceeds depends greatly on why
the characters have sought out Gregorius. In short,
the Malkavian explains that he could not entertain
Alfonzo guests after what he has done. To do so would
have validated his actions, something even God can-
not do, for he has committed a crime so great that it
defies repentance. Gregorius confesses to having
driven Michael mad with his dramas, having contrib-
uted to the inaction that now dooms Constantinople.

Ifasked why he did this, Gregorius cries harder, as he
does not truly have an answer, He says only that he has
hated Michael for so long that it no longer matters. What
does matter is that Michael —and Constantinople — are
doomed because of him. If asked where Michael has gone,
Gregoriussays, "Tohhis temple—toascend." Hemeans the
Church of the Archangel Michael. If asked about the
ascension, Gregorius laughs bitterly, adding that the
Methuselah only believes it because he was tricked into
doingso. That's why he's doomed; that's why he shall soon
die and the Dream along with him.

He says thathe doesn'tdeserve to exist, andheasks the
characters to destroy him. Whether the characters choose
to do sois their choice. If they do not, Gregorius will meet
his fate at the hands of the Inconnu, who decide that they
no longer need his services. Killing Gregorius might be
considered an act of mercy, ashe isin genuine tormentover
his actions. Convincing him otherwise is almost impos-

ible. He does not believe that he can be absolved of his
actions. Although there is no right solution to this moral

BITTER CRUSHDE

‘quandary, resolving it should be a difficult — and memo-
rable — clement of Dying Embers.

ScENE FourTEEN?
DEATH OF A DREAM

This scene brings the story toa close, as the charac-
tersenter the Church of the Archangel Michael ro seek
outthe Toreador Methuselah. In vampiric terms, Michael
is the embodiment ofall that is Constantinople and the
Dream, and 30, as the Fourth Crusade comes to a climax
with the rape of the city, Bitter Crusade peaks with his
destruction, Michaelis reaping whache has sown, forhis,
pride and madness sowed the seeds for the destruction
that is coming down upon him. Moreover, he submits to
diablerie. He believes that, by doing so, he takes on the
role of Christ, offering his life for the good of the world.
Having thus fulfilled the roles of both the Fatherand the
Son, he is freed to complete his Trinitarian journey as
the Holy Spirit as well.

Symbolism is a critical thing for Michael, and his
death is no different. As his city burns, he brings to-
gether the symbols of his own failings both to witness
and execute his final ascension. In Mary the Black, he

has his oldest failing — his inability to protect Ebla and
those who worshipped him there. In Peter the Humble,
aLasombra who becomes Mary's servant and guides her
to Michael, he has a symbol of the weakness he fostered
in the midst of his Dream. By playing his lovers against

one another and never allowing others to be as great as
he, he created sycophants like Peter. Andin the coterie,
he has agents of Narses' hatred, a symbol of his failure to
foster talent and dedication. (Even if the players aren't
active agents of the Narses, Michael sees them as his
catspaws, rightly or not.) Together, these three failings
— yet another trinity —are to destroy him and help him
ascend to spiritual perfection.

Just what happens is very much up to the players.
The most obvious (and the canonical one) is that Mary
diablerizes Michael in revenge for his long-ago betrayal.
She then flees into the night, more potent and danger-
ous than ever, but struggling with che memories of
Michael swimming through her head. But just what
‘occurs before the diablerie is up to the players, and it is
‘even possible to prevent it altogether.

Indeed, the coterie arrives in the church where
Michael awaits before Peter and Mary. With the de-
struction of Gregorius, Michael (who still looks like an
angel from a stained glass window) is far more lucid, He
is strangely calm, and he greets the coterie without any
"obvious concern or malice. He commends them on
being the "first pillar" to arrive at this key time, and he
discusses the matter of Narses with them. He expresses
his regret that so driven a man had to be made into such


amonster, buthe does express admiration for the extent
of the Archbishop of Nod's monstrosity. Depending on
how you want your players to perceive Narses, this may
be a time to describe some of his more heinous crimes.

Michael is very open to answering questions, and he
looks on the coterie as children whom it amuses him to
enlighten. The least prodding gets him to explain his plan.
and Mary's role in diablerizing and elevating him. He
responds graciously to any who express admiration for the
architecture of his plan and with slight, but kind, disap-
pointment for those who seem outraged or disgusted.
Throughout, you should portray Michael as supremely
calm, confident and utterly convinced of his own righ
teousness. He isa monster of legendary proportions, but
monstrosity should come across in his sureness of purpose.
That others don't understand the morality and holiness of
his acts is sad to him, not infuriating.

Peter and Mary arrive sometime during Michael's
discussions. Mary is full of hatred, and she rages against
the Patriarch. He responds that he did not wish to hurt
herso long ago. Yet, he offers no apology, claiming that
hisactions were "necessary to secure the future that now
lies before me." In short, Michael suggests that Mary's
consumption by hatred for him has laid the groundwork
forthe completion of his apotheosis. Had there not been
someone willing to destroy him, he could not ascend.
Therefore, Mary's transformation into a being of evil
serves a greater good that is apparent only now. Mary is
only further infuriated by this attitude.

Mary turns toward the coterie and looks at them in a
new light. "You are part of all this, somehow..." she says
with threat in her voice. Use this to prompt the players to
act, perhaps having Peter try something foolish like attack-
ing one off the ancients or proclaiming his own guilt. The
ey isto get the coterie todo something other than watch.

Now, both Mary and Michael are ancient and potent
vampires so combat is pretty much a moot point for the
characters. But conversation is not. Mary still wants to
diablerize Michael but she is hesitating. If the coterie can
make hersee that thisiswhatMichael wants, she might well
back off. [tis up to you whether or not she does. Use your
players' roleplaying as a guide. If she does back off, she
screams in frustration and flees into the night.

Michael isgravely disappointed in Mary ifshe doesnot
destroy him, but he is impressed by the coterie. The
charactersare obviously worthy to be the instrument of his
apotheosis. He asks the characters to fulfill Mary's destiny
and diablerize himasshewouldhavedone. Naturally, some
coterie members may be unwilling to destroy the
Methuselah. Yet, Michael believes that it's the only way

his Dream can live on. With the destruction ofits phy
embodiment — Constantinople — the Dream can only
survive through the characters. Therefore, he urges them co
reconsider. He would much rather they benefit from the
destruction of his body than that he simply walk out into
the moming light (which is what he does if they refuse).
Michael believes that he must "die" in order to ascend. He
hopes that even that act can aid those left behind.
Intheend, Michael passes from the world, eitherat the
hands of a younger vampire or by greeting the sun rising
outside the church. An era is over. Because the final scene
of this act may be somewhat subdued in its action, it's
incumbent upon you to imbue it with feeling. The di
Michael is a traumatic event whose consequences will be
felt for centuries to come. Moreover, the characters —
whether they realize itor not —are among the last beings
to have spoken with Michael in existence. His words to
them, even ifspoken in madness, ae alegacy that fewhave
been given. This places a special burden upon them: to
carry the Dream to other lands, other times, to see that it
does not become ashes like the body of its originator.

3 Micnael

Yes, ies possible that one of the players' vam

sto diablerize a Methuselah. This is what

wwe in the business call a Big Deal. It properly
comes at the climactic moment of a chronicle,
and it marks the end ofa vampiric era. If you wish
to end the chronicle here, the details of the
diablerie aren't critical. But if you want to keep
playing, you'll need todecide just what happensto
the character who does the dirty deed, beyond
simply dropping a generation. Do so based on the

needs of the chronicle. Here are some options, to
be used in addition to those described on page 63

in the sidebar on diablerizing Gesu:
© The character integrates V
ries and relives many of them when he sleeps,

which can lead to flashbacks and odd insights on.

'smemo-

ancient events.
* The character gain:
Methuselah's power, but not

some of the
uch control.
once ina while, his form flickers into a stained-
glass form reminiscent of Michael's.

© The character b

gins to believe that heis
Michael.

* Byzantine reftigees find the vampire and
start to worship him as Michael the Son



Oramatis
Personae


Tue DAMNED

This chapter providesprofiles—and game statistics in
many cases — for the characters (mostly Cainites) who
appear in the three chapters of Bitter Crusade. Those
characters with full templates are the ones who are most
likely robe in prolongedand close contact with the players'
coterie, but feel free to flesh out the others as the need
arises. Certain very powerful characters — like the
Methuselah Michael—don'thave full raitseither. These
charactersaresopotentthatrolling dice isnot really useful

‘The players' characters have the chance to interact with
these luminaries, and roleplaying should determine what
happens, not dice rolls (Ina few cases, profiles have been
corrected or updated from previous appearances in other
supplements.)

AssAMITES
FATIMA AL-FAQADL THE Ey:
ALAMUT
(appears in Venetian Nights)
6ch generation, childe of Thetmes
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Loner
Embrace: 1102
Apparent Age: mid-20s

Fatima al-Fagadi was born into a family of devored
Almohad Moorish warriors. When the barbaric Christians
invaded her homeland, she struck back the only way she
could. First, in the guise of a young camp girl, she assasi-
nated drunken knights. Later, as the First Crusade drew t9
close, she foughtopenly alongside the defenders of Allah

Her passion and skill drew the attention of the
Ascamites, The warrior caste Embraced her, but not with-
‘out debate —in recent centuries, the caste has shied away
from Embracing women. Broughtto Alamut, she trainedto
become a silent killer, using her gender as cover if her
enemies were foolish enough to dismiss a woman. The
clan's trust was not misplaced: Fatima became one of the
Saracens' star operatives quickly. After a century of duty,
she isnow responsible foroverseeing several other warriors,

‘Sent by her superiors to mastermind the assassination
of the Setite agent in Venice, Fatima remains in the
shadows during the events of Venetian Nights, entrusting
much of the mission to Ziyad al-Djahiz. Nevertheless, she
is wel of what transpires among the Christian
Cainites — including the actions of the young Lasombra
diplomat Lucita.

Zivap at-Dyaniz, THE BLADE

(appears in Venetian Nights)

Background: Angry young men are not usually the
stuff from which successful Assamite warriors are made.
However, Ziyad's ability to contain his anger and hone it
into a weapon of unmatched keenness drew the clan's
attention. Bor intoa family ofMuslimscholarsin Antioch,
Ziyad never accepted the city's Byzantine overlords as its
rightful rulers. Therefore, he welcomed the arrival of the
Seljuk Turksin 10842sasign thatGod hadatlastheard the
cries of his people.

The siege by the crusaders in 1098 ended Turkish rule
and ushered in a massacre of the city's Muslim population,
By that time, Ziyad had already been Embraced by his sire,
awily old warriornamed Hamid al-Samb. When hischilde
sought to fight the crusaders, Hamid reminded him of the
need for caution and planning. Ziyad accepted his sires
admonitionandwaited, Working together, the twoSaracens
sowed dissension among the crusaders, murdering those
they could not manipulate

These successes brought Ziyad to the attention of
elders within the clan. They sent him throughout the
Levant—and into the West — on numerous missions, all
cof which required stealth and careful planning. When the
opportunity to derail another Christian crusade arose, the
elders again turned to Ziyad. Placed under the watchful eye
of Fatima al-Fagadi, Ziyad!s traditional Muslim upbringing
has become a problem. Ziyad does not completely believe
in Fatima, and he feels that the mission in Venice cannot
bbe trusted to a woman. In addition, he bridles at being


assigned to work under a vampire who's actually younger
than himself — even one as skilled as she.
Image: Ziyad isa short, dark-complexioned man with

a friendly, open face. His outward appearance belies the
burning rage he contains within. Only on rare occasions
does he allow his righteous fury to mar his typically calm
exterior. When it does, his dark eyes flash and his wide

mouth twists into a scowl. Ziyad dresses in whatever
fashion is appropriate to his current mission. While in
Venice, he assumes the dress of a merchant sailor.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a man in conflict. You
want nothing more than to expel the Christian invaders
from your homeland, yet you know that ditect confronta-

illachieve nothing. Yoursire taughe that patience is
virtue; the best way to strike back isto wait and attack at
the right time, not a moment before. Now, that time has
come, and you intend to take full advantage of it.

Haven: Ziyad currently maintains an abode in an
uninhabited section of a building used by a Persian mer-
chant named Jamsheed.

Secrets: Ziyad knows the identity of the Ventrue
traitor, of course, but healso knows the identities of several
Cainite Heretics within the Venetian church, knowledge
he hopes to exploit in the future.

Influence: Certain members of Venice's small Mus-
Jim community know Ziyad. His true nature isa secret, of
‘course, but he can call upon his coreligionists to perform
small favors for him should the need arise.

Destiny: Ziyad's future isnota bright one. Unless
events take an unusual tur, he will meet Final Death
at the hands of the coterie at the conclusion of
Venetian Nights.

Clan: Assamite (warrior caste)

Sire: Hamid al-Samh

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1097

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Intimida-
tion 2, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Herbalism 5, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics I
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 3, Obfuscate 3,
Potence 1, Quietus 2

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Influence I
Virtues: Conviction 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Blood 7

Willpower: 6

Baal

Mary THE BLACK,
VENGEANCE MADE FLESH

(appears in Dying Embers)

7th generation, childe of Anaduk

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Fanatic

Embrace: 18th century BC

Apparent Age: 15

Mary the Black began life as the mortal Ma-ri, daugh-
ter of a ward boss in the ancient city of Ebla. A beautiful
‘young woman by the time the Toreador Methuselah Mi-
ka-ilwas Embraced, Ma-ri became one of hisfirstadherents
and worshippers, truly believingthathe was the god that he
claimed to be. In return, he rewarded her with his blood,
preserving her beauty as his ghoul. He also taught her how
to read and write Eblaite script and made her is foremost,
concubine. However, this was not enough to save her.

‘When the Akkadians besieged Ebla, Mi-ka-il van-
ished. Trapped in the city, Marti spent her last days
inscribing her history, knowledge and newfound hatred of
her false benefactor on clay tablets. When the invaders
finally breached the walls of Ebla, Ma-ri gutted herself with.
Mi-ka-ils sword, spilling her blood on the tablets

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


The tablets later fell into the hands of the Baali priest
‘Anaduk. He discovered that they contained more just Ma-
1i'smemories;they heldheremotionsaswell, Enthralled by
what he felt, he sought a way to bring her back to life.
Anaduk offered himself to his demonic master, Anoster,
selling what remained of his soul in return for her restora-
tion to life. Anoster responded by sending.a succubus who
subsumed the tablets and became the product of whatever
was contained within.

Because the tablets were incomplete, Macri was only
partially recreated. Although beautiful, she wasas black as
the fire-scorched tablets, full of partial memories and
corrupted by hate. She slew Anaduk upon awakening and
gorged on his blood, becoming Beali with the vitae she
took. Down the centuries, Ma-tihassearched forthe pieces
ofer identity with remarkable success: all the tablets were
recovered and subsumed. Mary the Black now wields the
very same sword with which she committed suicide. She
has also discovered the whereabouts of Mi-ka-il — or
Michael the Patriarch, ashe is now known. She has found
a foolish ally in Peter the Humble, and she can call upon
the help of Layla Madeer, a witch who worships Anoster.
Madeer also runs the House of Lamps in Constantinople,
where Mary nests.

Mary seems a young woman of 15, but her eyes are
rimmed with red, and her skin is black as pitch. Although
sheappearsbumt, her visage betrays no blemish or damage.
She conceals her sinisterappearance beneath a

BITTER CRUSADE

Brusau

Naranya Svyatos.ay, BYZANTINE
FAUTOKRATOR

(appears in Dying Embers)

7th generation, childe of Tribonius

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Ju

Embrace: 1002

‘Apparent Age: mid-20s

Noatalya: wos bom to'a noble family juse before (he
Russian prince Vladimir converted to Christianity. Ben-
iting from Vladimir'sappreciation foreducation, Natalya
was sent to study at the University of Constantinople at an
carly age. Once she arrived in the Queen of Cities, she fll
in love with everything that was Byzantine. When her
stuclies were complete, she was offered a magistrate post
which she accepted eagerly.

Natalya rose rapidly through the bureaucracy's ranks,
attractingtheattention ofthe Brujah Autokrator Tribonius
He saw in Natalya the passion he once possessed, and he
decided to Embrace her, which she accepted as eagerly as
she had her magistracy. She became enthused with the
Brujah dream ofbuildinganew Carthage in Constantinople.

Since the destruction of her sire after the Latin Riots
of 1184, Natalya has assumed control of Byzantium's bu-
reaucraey. By influencing key mortalsin the imperial court


and the Church, she hopes to stave off Constantinople's
collapse. However, she realizes thar this endeavor may be
futile, and she has joined with the Gangrel Thomas Feroux
and Nosferatu Malachite to form the Covenantof Three."
Together, theyhope topreserve some of the Dream despite
the coming storm.

Ni OF SPAIN

(appears in Dying Embers)

10th generation, childe of Gusman Bravo

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Lone

Embrace: 1167

Apparent Age: early 20s

Nereawantsnothingbut atonement, which is why she
{sin Constantinople. Having destroyed her sire and lover
ina fit of anger, she fled a blood hunt in her native city of
Barcelona. Since her arrival in New Rome, she has gained
a reputation among Latin Cainites, becoming known for
een observations and a quiet, contemplative nature. She
attends Bishop A lfonzo's blood feasts frequently. A pall of
sadnesshangsoverNerea. She knowsthat Constantinople's

cays are numbered, and she is waiting for the flames to
envelop her. She hopes that through her sacrifice, her sire
will forgive her.

Nerea may play an important role in Dying Embers,
being a guide or contact for Latin Cainites in
Constantinople. Her knowledge of Alfonzo, as well as her

expectation of Final Death, make her an important — if
tragic — figure in the story.

CAITIFF

STANISLAV, PROPHET OF CALOMENA

(appears in Dying Embers)

Background: Stanislav is one of the most dangerous
Cainites in Constantinople, at least to its other vampires,
whether they know it or not. The prophet was a mortal
follower of the Bogomil heresy that even now plagues the
‘Orthodox Church. According to the heretics, the world is
the construct of Satan, and Caine was the child of the
Devil. Bogomils also maintain that Caine had a twin sister
named Calomena.

Embracedby an unknownsire inthe Balkans, Stanislav
‘made his way to Constantinople in the late 1180s. There he
gathered mortal and unliving followers and shared his
visions of Calomena. She supposedly informed him that
the Childer of Caine were personifications of material evil
and must be destroyed. However, the clanless were the

" heralds of the Apocalypse and
Calomena's imminent return.

Taking refuge in the Latin quarter, the Chosen
inseruct their fanatical followers that the demonic vam-
pires in their midst must be destroyed. They identify
Hagia Sophia as the principal dwelling place of evil.
During the events of Dying Embers, the cult launches,
a direct attack on Michael and his brood — but all
Cainites are legitimate targets.

Image: Dressing in simple robes and rejecting all
physical adornments, Stanislav is a classic Slavic beau
His shoulder-length black hair frames a round face that
feacures full rich lipsand strong chin. Hisdeep black eyes,
often gleam with tears of blood, shed at the thought of the
evil surrounding him.

Roleplaying Hints: It is your holy duty to convert
those about you to the cause, and no price istoo high to pay
toachieve this goal. You speak with a simple passion that
infeets your followers and frightens your enemies.

Haven: The Chosen maintain ahaven in the Monas-
tery of St. Luke, amid the ruins of Arcadius.

Secrets: Stanislav knows little of Constantinople's
Cainite society. He has spent time with the Nosferatu, but
they rejected his tenets.

Influence: Stanislav's teachings have won him the
enmity of the Cainite masters of Constantinople. His
teachings have nevertheless inspired some Toreador who.
views the Bogomils' beliefs as a justification for hedonism.
and violence.

tanislav's dream ofcleansing fire comes true
in the sack of Constantinople. However, he, too, perishes
in the cleansing flame.

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


Clan: Caitiff
Sire: Unknown,

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
erception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
2, Empathy 5, Intimidation 3,

Skills: Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, Linguistics 3,
Occult 3, Theology 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dementation 4, Presence 4

(Cultists) 3, Influence
Virtues: Conscience 1,

ntrol 5, Courage 5
Road: Heaven 9
Willpower: 9

FOLLOWERS OF SET

Amery DE V THE HippeNn VIPER
(appears in Venetian Nights)

R CRUSADE

Background: Aimery was born to a French noble
family of wealth and influence. Asa youth, he trained hard
to become a knight. When Pope Urban II called for a
crusade to liberate the Holy Land, he joined willingly —to.
see a wider world as much as for the love of Christ.

Hisentry intoJerusalem with the triumphantarmiesin
1099 opened his eyes. Witness to so many atrocities,
Aimery decided eventually chat Christianity wasasham,

ised to hide man's true nature asa ravening beast. He
hhed thisconclusion under the tutelage of a mysterious
woman named Kadjadja, whom he had met in the Holy
City. Kadjadja was a Follower of Ser sent to procure agents
among the crusaders. The Setite found the disillusioned
‘Aimery a perfect candidate for conversion.
As a Setite, Aimery has proven enthusiastic and
killed in showing others the true nature of mankind. He
infiltrated Clan Ventrue in Europe, becoming an aide to
Lanzo von Sachsen, Sent back to the Holy Land on
Ventrue business, he converted Roland du Rocher, adding
him to the servants of the dark god. His presence in
Venetian Nights is an indication of his fellow Serpents'
faith in his abilities

Image: Aimery wears his dark brown hair longer than
one wouldexpect fora soldier. His brown eyesreveal akeen

iption. He dresses in simple cloth-

sdaining the elaborate shows of pomp favored by

some of the clan he has infiltrated. He rarely carries any

weapon except a short, curved dagger, which he keeps
hidden beneath his shirt.


Roleplaying Hints: You are a servant ofthe dark god
among the pitiful Childer of Caine. You pride yourself on
yoursubtletyandskillat finding others' weakness. Youtake
special pleasure in having tured Roland du Rocher—not
ro mention deceiving the old fool Lanzo von Sachsen.

Haven: Aimery has makeshift tomb in a warehouse
near the Venetian docks

Secrets: Aimery is the only Cainite in Venice who
knowsofRolandduRocher's worship of Set. Atleast that's
what Aimery believed before the Assamites acted.

Influence: Aimery has influence amongasmall num-
ber of Egyptian merchants in Venice. They are secret
worshipers of the dark god whom he can use as tools ifthe

devoted Follower of Set. Al-
and, he
y hidden among the Ventrue. To be

san his own destruction.

though he
does his best to
revealed would

Clan: Follower of Set

Generation: 9th
Embrace: 1100
Apparent Age: mid-20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 3, Alermess 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Larceny 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Eriquette 2, Melee 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1,
Obfuscate 1, Serpentis 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Resources 2
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinet 3, Courage 4
Road: Typhon 6
Willpower: 7
GANGREL
Baron Tuomas Frroux

(appears in Dying Embers)

7ch generation, childe of Marie Feroux

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 1076

Apparent Age: mid-20s

Bom in northern France as the only son of a minor
nobleman, Thomas was raised in relative comfort until his

parents were killed by apack of wolves. Fostered to hisdour
and cynical uncle, Thomas took refuge in hunting, finding
thedark woods ofhisfamily estate astrange comfort. When
his uncle died, he took up the cross as a crusader, but he
found no peace in it, Soon, he became as dour and eynical
as his uncle.

While traveling through the Balkans, Thomaskilleda
young Slavic woman when she refused his advances. Mo-
ments ater, awolfsetuponhimand took hislife. Unknown
to Thomas, the wolf was his mother, who had been,
Embraced years before by a starving Gangrel.
followed her son throughout his travels, hopi
would realize his true potential. His murder of the young
woman loosed the Beast within he
enough sanity to save him the only
Embracing him.

Thomas's transition into unlife wa
gave in tohis Beast frequently. Only:
with a Gesudian monk
Theoleon, took Thor
blossomed under the tutelage of the Obertus T2
Now, Thomasservesasthe Obertus
and Constantinople. In Dying Embers, he I.
iantly to save his adopted city, fulfilling the faith pla
in him both by his patrons and his mother,

A SGORINA, BYZANTINE ENVOY
(appears in Venetian Nights)

DRAMATIS PERSONAL


8th generation, childe of Thomas Feroux

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Child

Embrace: 1109

Apparent Age: late reens

‘Anna Sgorina grew up ina minor merchant family
from Constantinople. As the youngest child of six —and
a girl — she received relatively little attention from her
parents or siblings. Nevertheless, she was well cutored in
the Greek and Roman classies, making her an enjoyable
conversationalisefor the few people who bothered to speak
with her. She spent much of er time reading and learning,
grateful to have been born into a society where leaming
was still valued.

Her Embrace by Baron Thomas Feroux was a fortu-
itous accident. One night, overcome by the Beast, he
attacked Anna, only to regain control in time to save her
the way his mother had saved him — by making her his
childe. As the Baron tutored her in Cainite ways, she
became enamored of the idea of protecting the Library of
the Forgotten, making it her personal mission, not merely
one adopted at the behest of her sire.

Rumors that books missing from the Library have
tured up in Venice have drawn Anna to Italy. There, she
has become an unofficial spokesperson for Byzantine
Cainites. She worries that both the encroachments of
Islam and the greed of Latin Christendom will prove the
undoing of her beloved Constantinople and the Library it

houses. By the beginning of Venetian Nights, she has
formedacovercalliance witha Byzantine family in Venice,
several members of which are her secret ghouls,

‘Asthe new crusade gainsmomentum—andcrusaders
arrive in Venice — Anna does her best to influence some
of its leaders to consider Byzantium's plight. Unfortu-

nately, by stressing its riches and unstable situation, she
may inadvertently encourage precisely the Latin vicesthat
she has decried for so long.

LASOMBRA

Bishop Aironzo OF VENICE

(appears in Dying Embers)

7th generation, childe of Narses

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Survivor

Embrace: AD 895

Apparent Age: mid-40s

Overlord ofConstantinople's Latin quarter, Alfonzois
one of the city's greatest enemies. A pawn of Narses, he
works to undermine New Rome and seize its wealth for
Venice. Unbeknownst to his master, Alfonzo has con-
tacted the shadowy Inconnu, hoping that they will give
him power apart from that granted him as Narses'instru-

BITTER CRUSADE

ment. Likewise, he has opened the Latin quarter to all
‘manner of anti-Byzantine elements, including the Chosen
of Calomena, Alfonzo hopes that doingso will enable him
to achieve his plans for domination.

Alfonzo is true childe of his site, for power is his only
religion, self aggrandizement hisonly faith. Alfonzoenjoys
the trappings of power as much as actual authority, and he
hosts extravagant blood feasts. Alfonzo likewise prefers to
wear elaborate garb that emphasizes hisposition asa bishop
of the Cainite Heresy. Nevertheless it would be an error to
mistake his vanity for weakness. Alfonzo is a powerful
Cainite, and he will grow even more powerful after the
events of Dying Embers.

GuteLMo ApRANo,
Tue Prince's Voic

(appears in Venetian Nights)

7th generation, childe of Narses

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Loner

Embrace: 1049

Apparent Age: mid-30s

Narses Embraced Guilelmo, the scion of a noble
Venetian family, shortly after the assassination of his
previous majordomo, Blasio Cancharello, inadispute with
Genoese Lasombra. Narses chose Giulelmo for his obvious
skills as a diplomat and negotiator. Like Narses, he main-
tains a studied air of objectivity and detachment. Unlike


his master, Guilelmo has the ability  putanyone—even.
‘opponents —atease. Consequently, he isthe "publicface"
for the prince of Venice during Venetian Nights.

Since coming under Narses' wing, Guilelmo has be-
come well versed in the teachings of the Cainite Heresy.
Unlike his master, he has the beginnings of what might be
called genuine belief in its teachings. Narses finds the
"conversion" of his lieutenant to be endlessly amusing —
a testament to his skills as a deceiver.

Unfortunately for the prince of Venice, Guilelmo isn't
as naive as he appears. He maintains regular contact with
the Tzimisce Nikita of Sredetz, a true believer in the
Heresy, who doubts Narses'sincerity.Intheend, Guilelmo's
devotion to the Heresy may prove greater than his loyalty
tw its archbishop.

Tommaso BREXIANO, Amicus Noctis

(appears in Venetian Nights)

&th generation, childe of Jermanos

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 1009

Apparent Age: early 30s

‘Tommaso began his mortal existence in Venice, the
son ofa prominent merchant. He spent much ofhis youth
traveling the Mediterranean with his father and uncles.
‘These travels took him to the Byzantine Empire, the
caliphate of Egyprand the holy city of Jerusalem. He soon

acquired fluency in Arabic and Greek, as well as a keen.
businesssense. Despite theprotestsof churchmen, Tommaso,
saw nothing immoral aboue trading with the infidels.
Although a Christian, he was never especially devoted to
his faith, He found fulfillment in mercantile endeavors
rather than matters of religion,

Allthat changed when Al-Hakim, the Fatimid caliph,
ordered the destruction of the Holy Sepulcher and all
Cristian sites in Jerusalem in 1009. Tommaso and his
family had the misfortune of being in Jerusalem at that
time. Caught by soldiers under orders from the mad Al-
Hakim, Tommaso's family was killed. The young man
escaped —for a time. He hid in the streets of the Old City
for days, avoiding che wave of anti-Christian zeal fostered
by the caliph. For the first time since his childhood,
Tommaso prayed for God to deliver him.

Unfortunately, his deliverance came in the form of
a soldier's sword. Discovered in his hiding place,
Tommaso was attacked and left for dead. As life fled his
body, he heard an unfamiliar voice ask him if he wished.
to avenge his family. With his last ounce of breath,
Tommaso agreed, accepting the Embrace of Jermanos, a
Lebanese Christian Lasombra,

Jermanos tutored theneonate in the realitiesofCainite
existence, including the strife within Clan Lasombra.
Jermanos suggested that Al-Hakim's attack on the Chris-
tians in Jerusalem had been at the instigation of Muslim
Lasombra. He then assured his charge that the time would


come to strike back against those who had destroyed his
mortal existence. He need only learn, wait and hone his
hatred of the infidels.

Overthe course of nearly qwo centuries, Tommasohas
served the Christian Lasombra well as a messenger and
diplomat. His facility with languages and knowledge of
commerce has proven an invaluable tool. Therefore, it was
almost inevitable that he would be recruited by the Chr
tian Amici Noctis to serve as their representative in Venice.
He has the skills and — more importantly — the personal
vendetta against his clan's Muslim branch to make him a
very effective agent. In Venetian Nights, his goal isto turn
the crusade toward the Holy Land, dealing a deadly blow
against Islam, regardless ofthe cost.

GABRIELLA OF GENOA,
Tue Latin DissENTER

(appears in Dying Embers)

8th generation, childe of Isabelle

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 936

Apparent Age: late 30s

The only Latin vampire to survive the deadly Byzan-
tine riots of 1185, Gabriella is distrusted by her fellows. In
turn, she has very litte faith in Alfonzo of Venice, who sits
above her only because of politics. Ambitious and driven
like most of her clan, Gabriella sees Constantinople as a
rich but fractured resource. She believes that her clan
should be assisting in its reconstruction rather than rob-
bing itof its wealth. A newly resurgent Byzantium — with,
Genoese allies, of course—could provea source of infinite
riches. Gabriella has tried to establish good relations with
Byzantine Cainites, and grew particularly close to the
Tzimisce Symeon, with whom she and her mortal favorite
Lillian found sanctuary during'the Latin massacre. How-
ever, the death of Lillian at the hands of Symeon's brother
Gest dealt a blow to the alliance

Fora time, Gabriella found herself held captive by an
Assamite agent at the behest of the Ventrue Helena the
Armenian. However, the Assamite proved reluctanttokill
Gabriella, a fact of which she took advantage. The crafty
Lasombra provided information about Alfonzo to the
Assamite to gain her trust. Over the course of several
months, her plan worked. Gabriella regained her freedom
arthe expense ofboth Alfonzo, who suffered from Assamite
attacks, and Helena, who met Final Death at her own
hands. By the beginning of Dying Embers, Gabriella is
seeking allies in her futile quest to save Constantinople
from the destruction she sees in its future.

Laucrra oF ARAGON
(appears in Venetian Nights)
7th generation, childe of Ambrosio Luis Moncada

BITTER CRUSADI

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: AD 1190

Apparent Age: late teens

‘The daughter of Alfonzo Il of Aragon, Lucita grew up
in privilege, but she chafed under her responsibility to het
fatherand family. She thought of patricide many times,and
she ran away often, only co be caught by the Aragonese
guards and returned to her father's custody. Rather than
bother with disciplinehimself (asking, he hadbetterthings
to do), Alfonzo shutfled her off to confession each time,
trusting that God and the Church would engender peni-
tence in his daughter. The fact that her confessor was the
vampire Ambrosio Luis Mongada made this assumption
patently untrue. The bloated unliving churchman recog-
nized an indomitable will and independence in
Lucita. These, combined with his unholy lust for her,
conspired to convince the bishop to Embrace her.

Although she continues to chafe under Mongadk's
suffocatingleadership, shehasprovenherselfcapableenough
to be granted true responsibility. The neonate serves her
clan ducifully as a diplomat. In Venetian Nights, she has
come to La Serenissima under orders from Mongada, who
fears — rightly, in fact — that Narses may attempt to use
the Fourth Crusade for his own ends. She ison the lookout
forany sign that the prince of Venice orhis Cainite Heresy
is undermining its holy mission. Therefore, Lucita is a
potential ally to Cainites with similar concerns,


PRINCE OF VENICE HND
Arcupisop or Nop

(appears in Venetian Nights)

6th generation, childe of Galerius

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Fanatic

Embrace: AD 576

Apparent Age: late 90s

A eunuch, Narses began his mortal career as com-
mander of Justinian I's bodyguards. In time, he became
Justinian's chamberlain and treasurer. On numerous occa
sions, Narses saved Justinian's throne both with timely
military action or political bribes. So useful was he that
Justinian eventually sent Narses to Italy not only to assist
Belisarius, commander of the Byzantine forces there, but
also to spy on him.

Thetwomendislikedone another from thefirst. Their
rivalry paralyzed military operations in Italy and led to the
recapture of Milan by the Ostrogoths. Consequently, Jus-
tinian recalled Narses to Constantinople, lest the situation
worsen. Nevertheless, Justinian soon placed Narses in
command of operations against barbarians in the Balkans,
and he won many vietories there and in Italy:

Narses became exarch of Italy, serving until the death,
of Justinian I. However, Justinian's successor, Justin 1,
removed him from the exarchate. Embittered, Narses
retired to a villa near Naples. There, he came to the
attention of a Roman Lasombra named Galerius, who saw
in hima perfect tool for hisclan'sambitions. Galeriusspent
nearly a decade cultivating Narses before finally Embrac-
ing him. During that time, they worked together to
undermine Byzantine authority in Italy, even to the point
of providing the Lombards with military "advice" on how
best to invade the peninsula. In the end, the old man
welcomed the Embrace, as it gave him the opportunity to
satehis voracious ambition and thirstforrevenge—as well
astocontinue histivalry with Belisarius, whom the Byzan-
tine Ventrue had Embraced a decade before

Narses later returned to Constantinople to claim
the charter for the portion of Byzantine Italy that had
withstood the barbarian invasions, including Venice,
where Narses ensconced himself as prince. He likewise
took great interest in the still nascent Cainite Heresy,
rising eventually to its head. His interest stemmed not
from genuine faith in the Heresy's beliefs but from the

tion thatit could bea valuable tool forgaining yet
more power. The twin desires to avenge himself upon
Byzantium and acquire yet more power drive the entire
course of his vampiric existence.

‘arses has used his position both as prince of Venice
and Archbishop of Nod to lay the groundwork for another
crusade, one that might somehow further his revenge
against Constantinople. Although obsessed, Narses is me-
thodical and patient. He takes the long view of things,

having spent almost 600 years establishing himself in
Venice and within the Heresy. Consequently, he does not
act rashly of without purpose. Neither does he operate
openly, preferring to use agents and dupes and maintain an,
air of aloofness. He hopes to suggest that he is a fair judge
and an honest broker.

PeTER THE HaMBLe, DARK ACOLYTE
(appears in Dying Embers)
9th generation, childe of Mag
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embrace: AD 407
Apparent Age: late 30s

Never certain of his place, Peter spent his mortal life
vacillating between religious vocations. The Lasombra
elder Magnus mistook Peter for someone well versed in a
variety offieldsand Embraced him on this false assumption,
He has since proved a great disappointment.

Peter has spent his centuries of unlife falling under the

influence of one demagogue after another. Magnus his sire
and elder, has tried to replace him at times, but he's come
to the conclusion that Peter is a useful barometer of the
religious currents at work among Byzantine
became aware of the Cainite Heresy, for e
Peter began following its tenets.

In the last few decades, Peter ha
madness of the Toreador Mich:

mpires. He
imple, once

fallen into the


adversary worthy ofhis ascension. Peterknowsof the Baali
Mary the Black, and he awaits the moment when he can
lead her to Michael.

KCHADIAH SAADEH, HsHmRA ENvoy

(appears in Venetian Nights)

7th generation, childe of Hisham

Nature: Innovator

‘Demeanor: Caretaker

Embrace: AD 991

Apparent Age: late 20s

Khadijah Saadeh is an anomaly. Nor only is she an
influential woman from a culture that does not always
recognize their value, but she is also a Christian Arab.
Nevertheless, Khadijah believes that the Crusades have
only brought more suffering to the region and its inhabit-
ants— including her own persecuted people. In her mind,
it would be better if European Christians would cede
overlordship to the Muslims and cease their incessant
invasions of Palestine.

In Venetian Nights, Khadijah serves as the voice of
the Muslim Lasombra and the Ashirra (the sect of Muslim
Cainites) asa whole. She uses the oddity of her nature —
especially her Christian faith — to disarm European and
Greek Cainites. She argues that Muslim rulership of the
Holy Land brings much-needed stability. Moreover, she
believes tharaccess to important pilgrimage sites, as well as
lucrative trading ventures, could be guaranteed in return
forthe end of the crusades. Thus far, Khadijah hasreceived
only polite disinterest from her European counterparts,
including other Lasombra. Nevertheless, she presses on
with her negotiations.

MALKAVIAN

Gari, Map Prince oF ZARA

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Background: Gari isn't entirely aware of his past. His
first memory isthediablerie of a Frankish Cainite in the fall
of 1162. Terrified and confused, he fled before he could
discover the circumstances of this act. A letter sewn into
his cloak addressed ro "Gari" made him assume that the
‘name was his own. He appropriated this aspect of his past
and rid himself of the rest, traveling in an easterly direction
to fly far from the site of his blood crime.

To his surprise, he discovered that he was often
fluent in the local languages of the regions through
which he traveled. He also found it easy to impersonate
a traveling noble. Within a few years, he had cobbled
together enough trappings of the idle rich that he could
manage prolonged stays with both Cainite and mortal
royalty. He lived off the courtesy of various benefactors.
for over a decade, but he cultivated the suspicion that
this lifestyle came easily to him because he had done it
so often before. He was unsure why, but this unnerved

BITTER CRUSADE

him enough to one day take his portable carnin;
travel in search of a change of setting and way of lie.
He arrived in Zara in 1180 and found the prince of
the time to be slow of wit and fast of temper. It was a
trivial matter to depose and dispatch him during the

anti-Venetian revolt a few years later, and in due time,
Gari became a subtle economic force in the Zarayan

ars passed, he found himself
than Cainite troubles
has infuriated him

black market. As the
more involved in mortal polit
The Venetian invasion of "his city
tono end.

Image: Gari's skin has a dark enough cast to it that
he could be of Grecian or Moorish descent. Hisdark hair
is short, and his thin beard groomed passably. His face
wearsa permanent scowl, and his eyes dart from thingto
thing without end. He keeps up with local fashions,
managing to look stylish rather than foppish. His quick:
ness of step belies his slight paunch.

Roleplaying Hints: You're sitting on a ripe plumin
Zara, and you're not going to let the thrice-damned
crusaders take it away from you. Your voice takes on an
angry cadence when speaking of external situations or
those not present; it fills with honey and calm when you
are addressing anyone to whom etiquette deemsit proper
to show respect. By displaying your rage to your peers,
you imply that you can turn it upon them should they
displease you.

Haven: Gati maintains several havens, the most im
portant one beinga butcher shop near the port of Zara. In
the basement of this building is where he holds his court.


Secrets: Gari's amnesia means he has not gathered.
the plethora of secrets that most Cainites do. He does
know that the Obertus monastery — now destroyed —

reported crates of books and other items arriving
from Constantinople in the last few years, but he fears
that they were lost in the conflagration.

Influence: As prince, Gari claims domain over Zara
and some of the Dalmatian coast. He has few actual
subjects, however, although he uses an effective net-
work of ghouls in the city proper. The crusade threatens
his position.

Destiny: Gari cannot hold on to his domain for
long, nocwith the crusade and its predators wintering in.
his city and enforcing Venetian control. Gari falls to
Gauthier de Dampiere's hunt for the darkness in Febru-
ary of 1203. Soon enough, Venetian Lasombra come to
reassert domain in Dalmatia.

Clan: Matkavian
Sin inknown:

Demeanor: Tyrant
Generation: 7th
Embrace:
Apparent Age: mid-30s
al: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 4, Alerness 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Ride I, Stealth 2, Survival |
Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 5, Politics 4, Seneschal |
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dementation 4, Obfuscate 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Resources 3, Herd 5,
Influence 1, Retainers 5

tues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Humanity 5
Derangements: Amnesia (minor if he drinks
vampiric blood, loses his entire memory if he com-
mits diablerie), Paranoia
Willpower: 5

Grecorias Div

(appears in Dying Embers)

6th generation, childe of Demtius

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Celebrant

Embrace: AD 467

Apparent Age: late 40s

Gregorius wasEmbracedbyone ofthe Inconnuin the lace
fifth century, asRomefell. Afterhe wastaken, heescaped from
his sire and wandered the dark streets of the Btemal City.
‘Amidst the winding, crooked paths, Gregorius' sanity frag-
mented and finally shattered.

unknown

In a frenzy, he stumbled into Michael' shrine in the
catacomits of Rome. Feeling the presence of Michael in the
shrine, Gregorius regained his sanity. Fora fleeting moment,

J he understood the nature of God,
absolute peace. When the moment
finally passed, the young Malkavian was tormented by a peace
that he would never know again, Thistorment cued to hatred
of Michael, whom heblamedforhaving'‘stolen" peace romhim.
With the blessing of the Inconnu, Gregorius traveled to
‘Constantinople to strike against Michael and his Dream. He
impressed the Toreador Methuselah with his talent for per-
forming tragedy, slowing ensnating Michael in a web of
madness. He worked to twist the Patriarch's perceptions until
the city and Dream were as fragmented and ruined ashis own
sanity. Dying Embers seesthatplancometoitsfinal,apocalyp-
tic fruition — an outcome Gregorius comes to regret.

NosFERATU

Matacuire, Rock of CONSTANTINOPLE
appears in Dying Embers)

7th generation, childe of Vasilli

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: AD 842

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Malachite is the chosen name of Maleki, a former
prelate in the Orthodox Church. Bound by a blood oath to,
an Orthodox Lasombra, Maleki made the grave error of
contradicting his sponsor, adeed that could not go unpun-


ished. Rather than kill Maleki, the Lasombra had him
Embraced by a Nosferatu named Vasilli the Penitent Dog.
Patriarch Michael was outraged by the act, and he took
Maleki under his wing, trying to undo the psychological
damage done by the Lasombra. Maleki, renamed Mala-
chite, has been an enemy of the Lasombra ever since.

Malachite is trying to save Constantinople, and he
instigated the so-called Covenantof Three with the Brujah
Natalya and the Gangrel Thomas Feroux. In the end,
though, he decides that the city cannot he saved. He
leaves,along with his Nosferatu, to bringa part of Michael's
Dream to some other city.

Nicoio, WreTcH OF VENICE

(appears in Venetian Nights)

8th generation, chile of Maria

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Penitent

Embrace: 1002

Apparent Age: mid-40s

The hideous Nicolo is the leader of Venice's belea-
guered Nosferatu. His clan numbers only a handful of

ainives, and it suffers because of the city's lack of

catacombs, sewers or other underground locales. In-
stead, Nicolo's Nosferatu must make do with abandoned
buildings and other forgotten structures. The Nosferatu
are in constant danger of discovery (especially now,
with so many crusaders in Venice), but they are also

keen observers of the city and its inhabitants. Nicolo
and his fellow Lepers are excellent sources of informa-
tion about activities in the city.

TOREADOR

Micuaen THe Parriarcu,
FATHER OF CONSTANTINOPLE

(appears in Dying Embers)

4th generation, childe of Toreador

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 22nd century BC

Apparent Age: early 20s

Born Mi-kail in the 22nd century before the birth of
Christ, the future Patriarch of Constantinople spent his

mortal life in the Mesopotamian city of Ebla, a city of a

quarter-million people that was the Rome of itsera. Skilled
in words in a world where words were power, Mi-ka-il
eventually became the king'sscribe. Thiselevation brought
him to the attention of the Toreador Antediluvian who
Embraced him as one thrice removed from Caine. Mi-ka-
ilspentthe remaining 50 yearsof Eblaenjoyingthe fortunes
of godhood and the adulation bestowed upon him by his
lover, Macti

When Ebla fell to the Akkadians, Mi-ka-il was
secreted out the city during the day and taken to Kish,
on the Euphrates. By the time he awakened, it was too
late tosave Ma-ri, who had been left behind, It wasa loss
from which Mi-ka-il never fully recovered. Mi-ka-il
changed his name to Beshter after discovering that
Akkadian vampires were huntinghim, but he continued
to establish mortal cults to his own supposed divinity
He eventually made his way to the Seven Hillsof Rome,
where he chose to settle. Beshter became one of the
city's leading Cainices and a patron of its artists.

‘Whenever Beshter left Rome to wander — as he
often did — his allies Antonius the Ventrue and the
Teimisce Dracon guarded his childer and his assets. He
returned the favor by supporting their endeavors in the
city. The Triumvirate, as they were later called, were
steadfast friends and lovers.

Still striving co fill void in his life, Beshter converted
to Christianity and took the name Michael, after the
religion's premier and most potent angel. In truth, his
"conversion" was made partially out of hubris; he saw
himself as the protector and savior of the oppressed faith.
Mi-ka-il's ancient vice was surfacing again.

‘As Rome deteriorated, Michael and his two lovers
left for Constantinople, the new capital of the empire.
There they worked together to make Michael's Dream
of creating a heaven on earth a reality. As the present
state of Constantinople shows, that Dream has yet to be


realized fully. Over the years, Michael lost both his
loversand gave in tothe manipulationsof the Malkavian,
Gregorius. He has regressed to the old ways of his
character, only with even greater conviction. Michael
no longer wishes to be regarded as an angel; he actually
considers himself one. By the beginning of Dying Em-
bers, he plans to make Constantinople his chariot as he
makes his ascension to divinity.

TREMERE

Lempert MANNISENMAKI
(appears in Fiendish Winter)
7th generation, childe of Canticus
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Penitent
Embrace: 1120
Apparent Age: indeterminate
That there was once a person amidst the amalgam of
flesh, bone, and muscle currently serving as Bodor Toth's
writing desk is evident only from the large, blinking eye
worked into its top. Lemp?'s abortive attempt to capture
Toth still weighs heavily on her mind, although Bodor's
tortures haveserved to curb the pridesynonymouswith her
she once had plans to rise swiftly within the ranks of
lan. Now, the flesh of what used co be her back
functions as the surface upon which a Tzimisce composes
his letters.

Lempi's ve
her fangs to rest at the edge of her 01
extend and pierce it whenevershi
aneye,ahole thatservesas:

a mouth, with flesh fashioned into simulacra of tongu
lipsand teeth. When he isn't present, he covers her mouth
with a thin barrier of flesh, allowing her to speak only in.
faint mumbles

Bodor keeps Lempi alive only to keep hi

going, and the one secret she has been able to kee

him is tharher death would release him from the servitude
ofblood. Although she has grown tohate herexistence, she
clings to ic with the last shreds of her will. Kilidn's recent
visitsallow hope to bum once more, although she fears that
Bodor is merely testing her. Imbibing his vitae nightly
createsan imperishable blood oath that precludes thought
of direct vengeance, although she has no such compunc-
tion against directing her hatred at his friends and family

TZIMISCE

Dominik, Fiewpish MEssENGER

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Background: With little exception, Koban selects
hotheaded peasants for his childer. He sees this as a direct,
correlation to his own Embrace, but they are also easier to
control. Dominik isone of these angry youthsplucked from,
a long-destroyed Carpathian village. Although he is by no.
‘means bright, the lad's capacity for letting the Beast take
control is unmatched in Koban's experience. He hopes to
use the boy's capacity for focused frenzy until it bums out,
at which point Dominik will serve as the basis for a new
creation of flesh.

Image: Dominik's body is entirely hairless, Prior to
Dominik's Embrace, Koban broke the boy's jaw in five
places and removed much of the flesh along his cheeks,
allowing it to heal ina manner that produced a flapping,
distended maw. This alteration allows Dominik's chin to
touch his own collarbone when his head is completely
upright. Koban has removed Dominik's vocal cords and
sealed his nostrils with flesh for the duration of his mission.

Roleplaying Notes: Perform for your site in return for
your voice. Do not forget his instructions. Do not let
anything stop you.

Haven: Dominik's haven is far removed from Toth,
buthe hassetupashelter in the mountainsoverlookingthe

assprinkled the ground with,

jeart so that they
veds. He has given her

many secrets,
although he knows of arning. IFintereo
gated, he can shed some light on the ritual nature of

Dominik is not privy to a gre


Influence: Dominik has not garnered much power
beyond that granted to him by his sire. He chafes under
Koban's bonds, but he foolishly expects release after his
mission to Toth.

Destiny: Unless something unexpected occurs,
Dominik never escapes his sire's slave-like grip. Once
Koban tires of him, he discards Dominik like so much
waste, using his distended form as an inhuman halberd for
a few years before leaving him for the sun.

Clan: Tzimisce
Sire: Koban

Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Monster

: Charisma 1, Manipulation 4, App
Perception 3, Intelligence 1, W

Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,

3, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Hearth Wisdom 3, Linguistics 2

Backgrounds: Resources |

BITTER CRUSADE

inet 4, Courage 5

Road:
Willpower: 5

Gesu, SAINT OF THE Drviniry WITHIN
(appears in Dying Embers)
Background: Hoping to end the longfeud betweenhis

lovers, Michael presented Gesuand Gesu'sbrother, Symeon,

to the heads of the Ventrue and Tzimisce families, to be

Embraced upon the boys' 21st birthdays. Although they

were separated by two full years, they appeared nearly

identical. Gesuwasonly seven, buthiscount d

a blossoming intellect, while his brother's childlike inno-

cence could not hide the ambition and pride that exuded

from him. For over a decade, the Ventrue and Teimisce
families knew peace.

Gesu, a small delegation of Carpathian Tzimisce, in-
cluding an envoy from the Antediluvian itself, arrived
and demanded to speak with the Deacon. The envoy
urged the Dracon not to Embrace Gesu, for the clat
seers had predicted that he would bring a terrible curse
on hissireand the whole clan. The Dracon only mocked
them for their superstitions.

When the Embrace came, dark clouds gathered over
Constantinopleand the Obertus monastery. As Gesu's life
slipped away and the ancient Tzimisce's blood flowed
through his veins, a terrible change gripped the vampire-
to-be. His skin became yellow and taut, and his bones


contorted into impossible shapes. Gesu then slipped into
torpor and his body withered. His mind was plagued by
dreams in which he prayed to God forsalvation, only to be
given a dark vitae that flowed from a crucifix to drink.
Thesedreamseventually awakened him from torpor. Find-
ing Symeon holding vigil, Gesu Embraced his brother so
that they would neverbe parted again. The loss of Symeon,
angered Antonius beyond all bounds. He vowed revenge
onthe Tzimisce and fought them until hiseventual demise
at the hands of his own clan, The Dracon knew that
Michael's Dream was now doomed, and he left
Constantinople forever.

In time, even Gesu and Symeor's relationship has
become strained. Gesu's twisted joining with Symeon'scon-
ccubine Lillian shattered the link of love between the two.

Image: Gesu still bears the mark of his childhood
fevers. His form, though tall (measuring over seven feet),
iscmaciated. His features are exceedingly beautiful, giving
Gesu an ephemeral and haunting appearance. He wears
long red habits thatconceal the face of Lillian on his chest.

Roleplaying Hints: Divine peace exists in all crea-
tures. Christ sacrificed himself for humanity, but mortals,
being weak and imperfect, did nor listen. You will make
them hear

Haven: Gesu rests
tery St. John Studius

Secrets: Gesu, the head of the Obertus order, keeps
many secrets, including the confessions of many of his

n the inner chapel of the Monas-

Teimisce brethren, the contents of the Library of the

Forgotten and the fate of Achmet the Dreamer —aSalubri
sheltered in his monastery.
Influence: Gesu's influence over the monastic orders.

ives him considerable power over the city.

Destiny: Under the influence of Myca Vykos, the
rift between Gesu and his brother deepens and con-
sumes them both. Dying Embers tells the tale of how
that rift concludes.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: The Dracon

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 5th

Embrace: AD 701

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 8
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 6, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 7, Intimidation 6,
Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Body Crafts (icons) 5, Crafts 3,
Eriquetce 3, Painting (icons) 6, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Academics 5, Hearth Wisdom 3,
Linguistics 4, Occult 3, Theology 5

Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 6, Dominate 3,
Obfuscate 2, Obtenebration 2, Presence 5, Vicissitude 6
Backgrounds: Allies (Gesudian family members in
other monasteries) 5, Herd 5, Resources 4, Status 6
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 5, Courage 5
Road: Heaven 9

Willpower: 9

‘Vorvope Kogan, FiENp AMONG FiENDs

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Background: The Carpathian Fiend Noritz swept
through Koban's village ikea scourge, using the mortals he
didn't initially kill as his playthings. When he tired of these
games, he forced them to fight one another to the death,
pitting neighbor against neighbor, grandfather against
granddaughter and parentagainst child, The last to remain
‘was theaugur'sson Koban. Noritz approached him with the
intention of draining his blood, informing the youth that
he would soon suffer the tortures of all eternity for his
actions. The boy spat in Noritz face and told him that after
being forced to slaughter 33 of his fellows, no torture could
break him. Amused, Noritz Embraced the lad and left him
to gain a sense of irony.

Koban took to the Cainite ways quickly, applying the
knowledge passed down from his mother to hisnew state of
being. He soon became involved in Fiendish society,
clawing his way into power and trading what remained of
his humanity for land and influence. Now, nearly three
‘centuries later, even Norit is careful to keep a wary eye on
his childe.

Although Koban is quite capable as both a nulerand a
warlord, every action he takes is based on obscure mystical
perceptions known only to him, rather than any personal
desire for advancement. Everything he does takes on an.
aspect of ritual, although this is not always blatant. Some
might mistake this behavior as peasant superstition, but his
outlookhasneverthelesscarved himakingdomand earned
the well-deserved fear of mortal and Cainite alike.

Image: Koban is nightmare given form. Although he
would be seven feet tall were he to stand at full height, he
typically hunches forward with hands clasped, his posture
similar to that of a praying mantis. Whisper-thin stalks of
flesh sprout from atop his smooth head, fluttering like
submerged reeds. He has five orifices that double as both
mouths and eyes: two on each cheek, one centered in his,
forehead, andone on the palmofeach hand. Each contains
an array of fangs and a tongue-like mass of overlapping,
hollowed muscle that unfolds like a tulip co reveal an
eyeball on astalk. He wears Zubor's reinforced ribcage and
spinal column as another man would a breastplate. Al-

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


though he oftens
nothing more than a manipulation of his body.
Roleplaying Notes: Everything has meaning, from
the positioning of the moon during the New Year to the
breathing pateern ofa mortal child's sobs as its mother is
bifurcared before its eyes. Every being is connected and
woven into the world. The difference is that most creatures.
are flies trapped in the world's web, while youare the spider
that moves about freely.
yyrinthine hive carved in
spathian home.
1s research into Koldunic Sorcery has
yy esoteric secrets about the nature of
recorded on pages of

vampirism. He ke

pressed flesh deep in his hav
Influence: A powerful

great deal of influence in Transylvania and parts of the

misce lord, Koban has a

Balkans. Compared to the Toth family, he isa great lord.

oneof Vykos' mentorsin the
aftermath of the Bitter Crusade. He eventually destroyshis
site Noritz during the Anarch Revolt, but ishimself killed

‘of his own childer.

: Tzimisce

Noritz

: Tyrant
Demeanor: Monster

BITTER CRUSADE

Generation: 6th
Embrace: AD 812

Apparent Age: indeterminate

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, App

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3,

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 4, Intimid:
Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Body Crafts 4, Etiquette 2,
Herbalism 1, Melee 1, Ride 1, Surviva
Knowledges: Koldunism 6, Hearth Wisdom 4,
Linguistics 3, Medicine 1, Occult 4, Politics 3
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 3, Dominate 1,
Fortitude 4, Koldunic Sorcery 6, Vicissitude 6
Koldunic Paths: Spirit Ways 3, The Way of Earth 4
Backgrounds: Herd 4, Influence 3, Resources 4,
Retainers 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conviction 5, Instinct 4, Courage 3
Road: Devil 7

Willpow:

SyMeon, His BroTHEr's KEEPER

(appears in Dying Embers)

6th generation, childe of Gesu

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 703

Apparent Age: early 20s

‘Symeon was born tobe the perfect ruler. He had all the
necessary characteristics:astrongwill, ambition and decer-
mination. His one weakness was his love for his brother.
Although he was two years younger than Gesu, he acted as
Gesu's protector and devoted his time to his brother
unselfishly. Michsel saw this devotion as symbolic of the
future: Tzimisce and Ventrue working together to main-
tain his Drea

Uniorcunately, Gesu's Embrace of Symeon cost him
his destiny. Cast out by the Ventrue and disturbed by the
internecine squabbles of that clan, Symeon devoted his
energies to helping his brother and seeing the Tzimisce
prosper. He traveled frequently, even into the Carpathian
homeland of his clan. On one such trip, he returned with
anew-disciple, Myca Vykos. At Myca'ssubtle urging, he has
become more like his Balkan brethren, even goingso
to conduct experiments on the insane and the sick.

Recently, his relationship with Gesu has become
strained. During the Latin riots of 1185, the Genoese

ave a child named Lillian to Symeon

as a gift for sheltering her. Symeon raised the child and
became entranced with her as she entered adulthood. He
presented her to Gesu with the intention of Embrac


but Gesu saw other potential in her. Lillian allowed herself
to be Embraced by Gesu after he told her of a vision of the

‘Archangel Gabriel announcing their union. During the
"Immaculate Union," Lillian was Embraced and bound
into Gesu's torso, her soul joining his and forming, Gesu
believed, the perfect union berween man and woman.

Symeon was outraged. Gesu had taken everything
from him: his clan, his future glory and now his love. With,
each passing night, as Symeon sees the face of Lillian upon
Gesu's chest, his love for his brother fades, By the time of
Dying Embers, that love may not be enough to stop
Symeon from destroying his sibling,

Bopor Torn, FATHER OF THE BROOD
Gaus Maer)

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Background: Bodor's father died of pneumonia, leav-
ing him to rule Toth at the age of 16. He took to his duties
with passion, expanding trade and clearing bandits from
the Bostral. Hesingle-handedly rescued a Hungarian noble
‘man and his personal guard from a small group of brigands..
One yeat later, the man rerumed with his third daughter
andadowry, offering Bodorherhand. After their marriage,
E cen fell in love. Mihne bore him six children, butshe

ed on when delivering the twins. He mourned her
Bch, be Connie his ie in Toth unl he vamp
Zubors fateful arrival.

After his Embrace, Bodor grew fascinated with his
newfoundabilities and began to experiment withabandon.
He threw himself into his studies with more zeal than he'd
shown for leadership of Toth, andhe made significantleaps,
of knowledge as the years passed. Although he was mostly
self-taught, he has benefited from knowledge extracted
from the Tremere Lempi and his son Farkas' discoveries,
among the Obertus,

More than anything, Zubor's gift has caused Bodor's
love for his children to fracture. The private thoughts he
held for his children at the time of his Embrace have
amplified with the passage of time, warping into smother-
ing passions and cold hatreds.

Image: Bodor rarely shows his true form anymore, but
he reverts reflexively if he grows enraged. When wearing
Magib's face, Bodor has a dark complexion, piercing eyes,
and gray hair, and he clothes himself in Persian dress. His,
own formispale with longdarkhairanda wispy moustache.
‘As Magib, he never allows himself any emotional displays.

Roleplaying Notes: You return transgressions against
theonesyoulovea hundredfold—the only problem isthat
you're not quite sure what love feels like anymore. You've
grown to appreciate this slow detachment from the world

aly you could never have in your mortal life. Youoften
have the thought that you simply exist amongst memories,
the lives ofall around you foregone conclusion. Then you.
torture Lempi until the feeling passes.


Haven: As Magib, Bodor maintains a private tower
outside Toth castle where he performs his experiments on.
vampirism and tortures the Tremere Lempi.

Secrets: Although he is relatively young and un-
schooled in vampirism, Bodor has accumulated his fair
share of secrets, including the fate of the Tremere Lempi,
his own identity as Magib and the nature of his curse.

Influence: Bodor thought he was being genuine when,
he left the land hold to his son Dévald, but now that a
threat has arisen, he is less sure. Using the power of his
blood and his paternity, he exerts power over his family.

Destiny: After escaping three of Koban's assaults,
Bodor falls at the hands of his son Kilign in 1238. He dies
unaware of his son's betrayal
Clan: Tzimisce
Sire: Zubor
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Autocrat
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1162
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimidation
4, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Body Crafts 4, Etiquette 2, Melee 1
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Law 1, Linguistics
3, Medicine 1, Occult 3, Polities 3, Science 2
Disciplines: Auspex 6, Vicissitude 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Herd 4, Resources 3
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinet 3, Courage 4
Road: Humanity 3
Willpower: 6
Erzepet Torn, THe Lesser CHILD

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Background: Erzebet continues to live in her twin
brother Farkas' shadow —even after hisdeath. She always
followed him in life, from birth to Embrace. It would have
been easy co despise Farkas had he not recognized her
position early on and gone out of his way to protect and
support her. Now he is gone, along with his words of
encouragement. He is no longer around to temper their
father and sire's distaste for her, and the increased friction.
begins to wear at her patience.

Still, Erebetis capable of growing beyond the persona
that she feelsdefinesher. Technically over50, shestill feels
stuck as the "little one" of the family, as though her
personality froze with her body. Should the right circum-
stances present themselves, Erzebet could snap out of the

BITTER CRUSADE

last vestiges of childhood. Perhaps the realization thatshe's
directing the raw anger of her father into coordinated
efforts of revenge can show her that she's central to the
campaign for vengeance. With a little polish, she could
easily grow into a keen strategist. An opportunity for just
such an evolution presents itself in act two, ifshe travelsto
Toth with the coterie. The two-month journey is long
enough for the requisite self-reflection.

‘mage: Black hair, alabaster skin and a shapely figure
would make Erzehet the darling of Toth, were itnot for het
inability to hide her contempt for neatly everybody who
surrounds her. Although she is by no means unappealing,
the ugliness of her thoughts and distaste for her peers is
readily apparent in her facial expressions and manners

Roleplaying Notes: You always strive for, and rarely
receive, your father's love. You endeavor constantly to
prove yourself to him, yet you fail repeatedly to do so. He
has warmed to youslightly since you presented your plan to
avenge Farkas' death, and you have a feeling that he
approves of your attempt to honor your brother's memory.
Youalsofeel tharshould you fail, you will be dead to Bodor's
eyes once and for all.

Haven: Erebet has set up a haven a few miles from
Zara in a farmstead along the road toward the nearest pass
across the mountains. She slaughtered the unfortunates
who lived at the farm.

Secrets: Other than the story ofher family, Erzebechas
few secrets.


Influence: Ereebet wishes to serve at her father and
brother's side, and she is glad to serve as their wrath in this
instance, Deep down, however, she knows that Bodor
doesn't truly care for her.

Destiny: Erzeber's destiny is in the corerie's hands,
Clan: Tzimisce
Sire: Bodor Toth
Nature: Fanatie
Demeanor: Rebel
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1167
Apparent Age: late teens
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 4

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Body Crafts 2, Etiquette 1,
Melee 2, Music 2, Ride 2, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Lingu

ties 2, Oceule 3
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Ce

Backgrounds: Resources 3, Retainers 3
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 3, Courage 3
Road: Beast 5

Willpower: 6

Mycn Vyxos

(appears in Fiendish Winter and Dying Embers)

7th generation, childe of Symeon

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Architect

Embrace: 1002

Apparent Age: mid-20s

‘Taken from Transylvania as a youth by the Obercus,
Fiend Symeon, Vykos pent two centuries playing the part
oftheloyaland trusted childe. Vykos genuinely respectshis
sire, and he has grown quite frustrated that Symeon is
unwilling to confront Gesu regarding the killing of Lillian
(Symeon's mortal favorite). Vykos' quiet hatred for Gesu
hhas expanded by association to include much of the
Obertus sect, for nearly everywhere he sees Gesu's mad,
vacuous influence turning the Obertus into little more
than eccentrics.

Although Vykos can't betray his sire, he has no such
loyalties tothe restofhisclan. Hiscurrentplansinvolve his
outright secession from the Obertusand Symeon'sremoval
fromConstantinople. Heuses the destruction ofthe Obertus
monastery in Zara as an excuse to leave the city, although
he intends to abandon his duties from there and head east.
He has arranged to meet with Velya and Lugoj, two

Carpathian Fiends with whom he has kept a surreptitious
correspondence. They have agreed to provide sanctuary for
Vykos and his sire in return for their services and some
‘Obertus secrets. Once the arrangements are finalized, he
returns to Constantinople for his sire — in time to see the

city's fall

‘VENTRUE

Carus, EMPEROR OF THE NIGHT

(appears in Dying Embers)

5th generation, childe of Antonius

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: AD 325

Apparent Age: mid 60s

Caius, who wasa lieutenantto Constantine the Great,
backed hisleader'sbid to become EmperorofRome. A man,
of faith and profoundly dark moods, Constantine turned to
Caius in times of hatred and predatory rage. Assuming,
responsibility for his mentor's murderous moods, Caius
carried out the dark and bloody orders that paved the way
for the would-be emperor's rise. He even carried out the
execution of Constantine'sfirstborn when the boy became
a threat

Constantine fascinated the Triumvirate, and, under
‘Antonius, the Ventruehelped Caiuscarry outhisgruesome:
orders. Once Constantine wassecure in hispower, Antonius

DRHMATIS PERSONAE


took Caius as his own. Little did be that he had
Embraced the instrument of his own destruction.
saw Michael as the
oly wisdom. He
uries, all the while hoping to
lace him at Michael's side. He confided his love for
el only to the Cappadocian Alexia Theusa, who
understood his longings. When Antonius became 0
with destroying the Dracon because of the Embrace
of Symeon, Caiushad hischance. Together with Septima
Dominica, Antonius' estranged childe, he presented a
plan to eliminate the Ventrue Methuselah. Michael
agreed reluctantly for the good of the Dream. In the
aftermath, Michael withdrew from Cainite society and
began his fall into madness.
aius took Antonius' place as basileus of the Ventrue,
bur that was all. Whatever affection the Patriarch felt for
Caius was overcome by the horror of their mutual crime.
ered from this rejection. Throughout the
centuries, he has carried out his duties and maintained his
power by playing rivals against each other, all the while
yeaming for the favor of the Patriarch.

LANZO VON SACHSEN
‘appears in Venetian
8th generation, childe of Guntramus
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Gallant

Learning from Antoniu
immortal epitome of Constantin:

d Antonius for ¢

BITTER CRUSHDE

Embrace: AD 943

Apparent Age: late 40s

Background: Lanzo was born into a powerful noble
family charged with bringing both German law and Ch
tianity to the pagansof the unruly eastern marches. Lanzo's
prominence brought him to the attention of the brood of,
the Ventrue Methuselah Hardestadt, who had need of an
instrument in the nascent empire that King Otto was just
beginning to build. Asa trusted nobleman with the king's
cear,aswell assignificantlandsaway from pryingeyes, Lanzo
‘was a perfect candidate for the Embrace. While Lanzo was
at first repulsed by his new state, he learned, in time, to
accept it as a blessing. Immortal, he could guarantee that
thenew Holy Roman Empire would assume itsproper place
in Christendom — with the Ventrue as its guardians.

Since then, Lanzo has protected his native lands and
fought against any who would undermine the military
Christianity he imbibed as a mortal. He considers the
Crusades an important strike against the Assamites and
Setites, both of whom he sees as insidious enemies of

christian civilization. To that end, he supports the

Byzantines as a bulwark against Islam. He hopes that
wrangling over matters of religious authority will not
interfere with the goal of beating back common enemies
Lanzo's single-minded devotion to this goal is what blinds
him to the truth during Venetian Nights.


OTHERS

Bitter Crusade is not only the story of the scions of
Caine. Indeed, it is the dawn of a new and deadly time
when mortals do not cower so blindly before the Damned.
Mortals and ghouls play a critical role in this tale

GAUTHIER DE DAMPIERE,
Hounb OF THE LorD

(appears throughout Bitter Crusade)

Background: Gauthier was bom the third son of the
Count of Dampiere, a vassal of the king of France. Conse-
quently, there was never any doubt he would take up arms
and serve his family as knight. Gauthier proved a capable
warrior, excelling in both mounted and personal combat.
‘Therefore, it was with some surprise that his family greeted
the news that he had heard the call of God. Gauthier
believed that God had spoken to him through a dream,
enjoining him to seek the holy places and free them from
the infidels. Gauthier's family could accept his desire to
fight in the Holy Lands that wasa viable option forlandless
youngersons. What they found difficult to understand was
his sincerity and his need to divest himself of his worldly
possessions for the love of Christ.

‘Gauthier then joined the Third Crusade and expected,
to battle against the Saracens. Instead, the same call that
had commanded him to take up the cross commanded him.
tofight "the true enemy." The realization that creatures of
the night stalked the holy places and feasted on human

blood nearly drove Gauthier insane. Yet, someho
pulled himself together and continued his fight. He spent.
the next few years seeking our and destroying the fiends he
found. He also pushed himself to his limits, engaging in
strenuious exercise and penitential practices.

In time, Gauthier retured to France where he
continues his battles against the forces of the night.
With each year, his skills and abilities grow, as does his
detachment from his fellow man. Gauthier is a man.
obsessed with the corruption he sees around him. Ic is
this obsession that draws him to the Fourth Crusade,
during which he believes it may be possible to strike a
serious blow against the darkness.

Tmage: Gauthier is a nondescript man of medium
height and athletic build. He has a high forehead, and his,
dark hair is cut in a functional, military style. His eyes are
likewise dark, buethey possessallively quality that belies the
madness that eats slowly at his mind. He dresses simply, as
befits a poor knight in the service of Christ. However,
Gauthier is never without his Damascene sword, a me-
mento of his destruction of a Saracen monster during the
Third Crusade

Roleplaying Hints: You abandoned your former life
when you heard the call of God inadream. You took up the
cross to fight the Saracen in the Holy Land, but what you
found was something far worse —monsters that preyed on,
men like cattle. You believe that God has granted you the
vision t© see these fiends at work. Now, you see the
corruption they have wrought everywhere —even within
the Holy Church! You cannot rest until they have been
defeated, regardless of the cost to your body, your mind or
your sanity.

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Penitent

‘Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Leadership 3
Melee 4, Ride 3, Survival 2

Knowledgs

Backgrounds: Contacts 2

Willpower: 9

Merits/Flaws: True Faith 2

RopriGdE DE NAVARRE

(appears throughout Bitter Crusade)

Background: Rodrigue grew up as the second son of
minor noble from Navarre. He showed no inclination to
become apriest orenough skill atarms to become a knight.
The best his family had hoped for was a political marriage
that might secure them a better place among the aristoc-

DRAMATIS PERSONAE

Investigation 3, Law 1, Occult 2


racy of southem Europe. Rodrigue did just that, marrying
a wealthy woman from Toulouse.

Rodrigue traveled frequently between his native land
and France on business forhis family. Itwasin doingso that
he first caught fleeting glimpses of what he called "the
darkness." He was already familiar with the dualistheretics
of the region — Cathari, Waldenses, Albigensians and
others. Although they were clearly evil, the heretics were
banal in comparison to.an elusive something thache sensed
behind them all.

Therefore, it was no surprise to Rodrigue when he
obtained a partial Latin translation of the Book of the
Shining Blood, the central text of the Cainite Heresy, after
a raid against an isolated community of heretics on his
wife's lands. He read the book with both disgust and
exhilaration, for he now had the proof he needed that a
great evil was at work in Europe. Rodrigue spent the next
few years gathering information and recruiting others to
serveashis agents. Ifwhathe read were true, he wouldneed
all the strength and learning he could muster to sueceed.

‘As of the beginning of Bitter Crusade, Rodrigue has
neither infiltrated the Cainite Heresy not encountered a
genuine Cainite,althoughheandhismen have come close
‘on numerous occasions. His research has convinced him
thatthe St. Pantaleimon Monastery in Venice issomehow
connected with the darknesshe strugglesagainst. With the
arrival ofthe crusaders in that city, he is more determined
than ever to uncover the truth, making him a potentially

dangerous opponent

Image: Rodrigue remains a vigorous man despite his
advancing years. He wears fine clothes as suits his station,
but it is his piercing gaze that most notice. His dark eyes
seem to bum in the middle of his fine Spanish face. The
‘wisps of gray that fleck his shore hair and beard only add to
the effect.

Roleplaying Hints: You are neither a learned priest
noraskilled warrior, but youcan see the darkness that lurks
just beneath the surface of Europe. While clerics and
nobleman fight isolated pockets of heresy, you alone see a
disturbing pattern. You alone recognize that there is some
maleficent intelligence behind ic all. You believe that the
abode of this intelligence is in Venice, and you have
decided to journey there before it can hijack the crusace.
Nature: Innovator
Demeanor: Defender
Age: early 40s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 3, Leadership 3
Skills: Etiquette 3, Herbalism 1, Melee 1, Ride 1
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 4, Law 2
Linguistics 2, Occult 2, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Influence 2
Willpower: 5

ANG YALKA PEcELY,
Last DAUGHTER OF TOTH

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Caretaker

Age: carly 50s

Angyalka expected her father Borlor tomarryherofft0
another boyar's son before her 16th birthday. The sudden
revelation of his condition and his subsequent disinterest
swith mortal matters relaxed her fear, allowing her to carry
on her clandestine romance with Osclér, the blacksmith's
son. Eventually, she gained enough courage to inform her
father that she intended to marry him, and she was sur-
prised to receive his blessing. She escheweda life of royalty
for one with her true love, continuing her existence as a
blacksmith's wife rather than a boyar's daughter. The
townsfolk were initially wary of her intentions, but they
soon grew to appreciate her when it became apparent that
she had their best interests at heart. Rather than bring up
problems with a very ill Bodor, they spoke with her and
resolved the issues. She passed the more complicated
matters along to her father.

This arrangement continues with her brother Dévald,
the new boyar. To ensure he is aware of what is occurring
within his demesne, Dévald meets with Angyalka every


week to discuss matters both grave and blithe. The two
have always held a robust bond that has strengthened
through the years, andalthough Dévald isthe boyar, hestill
makes time to visithis niecesand nephews. Angyalka does
not regret her decision, for her heart remains with the
people of Toth.

‘Viktor Sapek, CONSTABLE OF ZARA

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Background: When the Venetians endeavored to
impose their own brand of order in Zara, one of the first
things they did was to round up the local constabulary,
decapitate those in charge and replace them with theirown
men. Those in the lower ranks were given the choice of
continuing their work under the Venetians or following
their former masters to Hell. The intention was to clean
out the extensive Zarayan black market, long known to
work hand in hand with the city's constabulary. This purge
occurred in order to quell the possibility of organized
rebellion and to force the smuggling element to trade with
the Venetians instead

Viktor Supek is, ironically, exactly the type of person
they were trying to expunge. His low rank kept him safe
from the initial purges, and his apparent stupidity kept his
Venetian mastersfrom suspectinghisconnectionsto Zara's
tradeincontraband. His longhistory with the constabulary
left him one of the oldest remaining members. This fact,
coupled with his knowledge of internal procedures and the
various quarters of Zara, led his Venetian masters to

increase his rank. He knows he's out of h
more than willing to ride these unexpected windfalls for as,
Jong as he ean.

Image: A barrel-chested Dalmatian, Viktor isthe type
of man whose very presence intimidates others. Hisbullish
face and permanent scowl only make his violent nature
more clear.

Roleplaying Hints: You're not that bright, and you
know it. You think that just about everybody tries to take
advantage of you, and you're usually right. You make up for
this by exaggerating the stupidity everybody expects, be-
cause people are much more willing to talk openly around
someone they consider harmless. When you're on the job,
you're a coarse bullyboy who uses intimidating glares and
harsh language to keep people in line.

Destiny: Viktorperishesduringthe Venetian razingof
Zara in April of 1203, trapped in a burning building.
Nature: Rogue
‘Demeanor: Defender
Ages early 30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy I,
Intimidation 2, Larceny 2, Leadership 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Archery 1, Melee 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 1, Hearth Wisdom 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Influence 1, Resources 2
Willpower: 5

Devan Torn, Boyar
(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Backgroun ld Toth is his father's son. His
shrewdness is matched only by his loyalty to his family and
the people of Toth. Although he is comparatively softer
than other boyars, he is nonetheless capable of doing what
rust be done with litle hesitation and no regrets. He is,
fond ofthe tales of Greek heroes thathis father used to read
tohim in his youth, and he continues to share this joy with,
‘Angyalka's children. He knows that they humor him, but
he slyly suggests that they have children of their own so,
they won't need to listen to his prateling.

Dévald approaches his elder years without an heie, but
he is only mildly concerned. He hopes to find some minor
Transylvanian noble eager to marry a younger daught
away and forget about her, as it would not do for doting
relatives to uncover the group of Cainites present in Toth.

Image: Short in stature and stem of chin, Dévald hi
personal magnetism that draws attention and respect
slight paunch and graying haie are the only signs of e
croachingage,and his manners both lively and animated.

DRAMATIS PERSONAE


Roleplaying Notes: You're perfectly contentlivingas
a minor lord of a small land hold. Although you are not
without ambition, your family comes before your personal
gain. You know that you'rea calming influence upon your
father, but you fear that he will one day become more of a
monster than youcan contain. He has offered to make you
as he is on many occasions, but you have refused, still
convinced that his "gift" isa terrible curse. You pray for his
, but deep down you fear that redemption
fou would leave your father'sside only ifyou
became completely convinced ofthis
n bed of pneumonia in 1207.
Nature: Defender
Demeanor: Defender
Age: late 50s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Archery 3, Etiquette 2, Melee 2, Ride 1,

Knowledges: Law 1, Linguistics 2, Politics 2

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Retainers 4
Willpower: 5

BITTER CRUSADE

KautAn Torn, Csurper St:

(appears in Fiendish Winter)

Background: Ifhe had been allowed to choose, Kilidn
never would have asked to be trapped ina tiny Carpathian.
holding, the second son of a vampire, doomed to live the
rest of his life serving his father's eccentric whims. Even if
he dared risking his father's retribution by conspiring to
depose his elder brother, he had no desire to be called boyar
by 700 backward peasants on the fringes of Transylvania,
His fantasies involved him traveling to the great southem
cities of which he read and partaking of their many splen-
dors. Afterall, he felt it better to be a man among wealth
than a king among filth.

‘When Bodor asked his children to help him discover
acure forhiscurse, he leaptat the chance to travel. He rode
from Toth on his faithful steed, never intending to return,
His attempts to impress by proclaiming himself to be of
eastern royalty drew the wrong kind of attention in the
formofthe Tremere Lempi Mannisenmaki. He hassupple-
mented his diet with a draught from her veins ever since,
and three decades of doing so wears his patience raw. He
rides his horse as far from Toth as he can before the blood
hunger sets in, but he grows disheartened as the distance
becomes lessand less with the passing months. He manages
theoccasional secret visits with Lempi, tryingto learn what
he can about the Tremere.

Image: Kilidn israrely seen without asmile on his ace.
His light brown hair and thin build contrast sharply with
his brother Dévald's, and he typically dresses in Byzantine
fashions popular within the past few years.

Roleplaying Notes: Your talents for ingratiating your-
self wouldserve you wel inany foreign court, but they do you
no good in Toth. You're desperate for any opportunity to get
‘out ofthis prison and away from your thrice-damned family.

Destiny: Lempi Embraces Kilién at the height of
Koban's assault, and he flees Toth immediately. He falls in
with the Tremere and gains a strong reputation after he
returns to Toth to slay his father, Bodor, in 1238.
Nature: Curmudgeon
Demeanor: Gallant
Apparent Age: mid 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 4, Survival |
Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Occult 1, Politics 3
Disciplines: Dominate 1, Potence 1
Backgrounds: Influence 1, Mentor 1, Resources 3,
Retainers |
Willpower: 6


GENERIC
TEMPLATES

Roleplaying and characterization are obviously more
important that specific game statistics in a storytelling
game, but some hard numbers can make your job easier
when the coterie enters combat or goes off in a direction
you didn'e expect. The following templates should help
with those moments, Use them to represent minor charac-
terswhom the players'coteriemeetsduringBitter Crusade
orto quickly flesh out the precedingcharacter descriptions.
Keep in mind that these profiles are not complete. They
include only the statistics you are likely to need in a hurry,
so feel free to expand and revise them as the need arises. If
a minor character stats to take on a greater importance in
yourchronicle don'thesitate toraketime between sessions
to work up full profiles.

Marriat, NEONATE

Venice and Constantinople have a great many
resident vampires, and the Fourth Crusade draws others,
from across Europe and beyond. Use this template to
represent young vampiric knights on crusade or mar-
tially inclined Byzantines or Transylvanians. Feel free
to adjust traits — especially Disciplines — to reflect
specifics like clan and culture.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Hearth Wisdom 2,
Melee 3, Occult 1, Stealth 2, Subterfuge 2, Survival 2

Disciplines: Celerity 1, Fortitude 1, Porence 2
Equipment: broadsword, Light Armor

BYZANTINE Guoal,

‘Constantinople isrife with mortal blood drinkers, The
Obertus order has many ghoul monks and the Latin Quar-
ter features many blood cults, including the apocalyptic
Children of Calomena. Use this template for those who
show up in Dying Embers. Ic serves just as well for other
ghoul servitors, such as Prince Gari's retainers in Zara,

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Melee 2, Occult 1,
Subterfuge 1, Stealth 2, Survival 1

Disciplines: Potence 1

Gear: knife or club

CRUSADER

The crusade gathers a huge number of European war-
riors to free the Holy Sepulcher and ultimately to sack
Constantinople. Thistemplate works for these mortals, but
also for other human warriors whom the characters may
encounter. By adding a dot of Potence (and perhaps
Fortitude) this template can also serve for wartior ghouls.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alermess 2, Brawl 2, Hearth Wisdom 1,
Melee 2, Survival 2

Gear: broadsword, heavy or knight's armor

DRAMATIS PERSONAE



The scepter learning physic, must
at follovo this and come fo dust


When the ashes settle and the Fourth Crusade seacters
into the pages of history, an uncertain future dawns with the
Beh century. For the Childer of Caine it is a time of
upheaval and conflict. The inability of the assembled
vampiric delegates in Venice to do so much as manipulace
the crusade and the destruction of the Methuselah Michael
and his great metropolis send two powerful messages co
vampires of Europe. Firs, the mortal herd grows restless and
dangerous. Second, even the mightiest of Cainites is vul-
nerable, In other words, the stalemate of the Long Night is
over.

The new era chat dawns after the Bitter Crusade is one
of conflict and chaos. The princes and lords who have been,
waiting for decades to make their moves do so now. The
ancient lords who know that they'll soon need to retreat
deeper into the shadows rush to secure their positions and.
destroy enemies before it's too lace. Neonates and ancillae
move to getsome of the vanishing bounty of the Long Night
and use the mental flexibility that is their greatest advan-
tage over the torpid ancients. The time for reflection has
passed. War isthe order of the night.

Beyond this generalized conflict — called by some the
‘War of Princes — the events of the Fourth Crusade have
some more specific effects on those who participated. If you
continue your chronicle after the events of Dying Embers
(and we certainly hope you do) you can use further stories
to serve as epilogues to the main acts. What follows are

‘overviews of the repercussions of the Bitter Crusade on
some of che important Cainites whom the coterie encoun
tered in the previous stories. Feel free to alter these events
to reflect more closely the specific actions that the coterie
wok in your chronicle. Doing so will only make the epi
logue more powerful when you use it.

Vykos, SYMEON AND.
THE OBERTUS

Following Gesu's destruction — whether it comes at the
characters handsornot —Symeonandhischikleareable leave
Constantinople for Transylvania and points beyond. They spend
‘imein the domainsof Voivode Koban, and they mayalso vist the
land hold of Toth, but they remain largely fre agents until they
cach can establish their own bases of power.

From this point on, Vykos makes a name for himself as a
scholar and negotiator, becoming involved in intrigue after in-
trigue. Symeon remains a pragmatist, and although he mous,
Gesu he integrates himself nto the changing vampiric landscape.
Infact, he isable to gather the scatered Obertus monasteries and
‘outposts into a significant power base once he reaches an under
seaningwithsomeofthemorepowerflvoivodes Intheinereasingly
rancorous battles between princes and elders, Symeon becomes
aligned with his grand sire, the Dracon.

The Obertus order and itsbeliefin the Divinity Within
continues, but it makes many concessionsto the practicalities,
of existence after the fall of Constantinople. Some monks

BITTER CRUSHDE

continue their ascetic ways, but others spend more time
seeing to the order salliances and domain than to theirown.
spiritual evolution. Doingso allows the order to survive the
hhard times and spread some of its beliefs. Indeed, the quest
for the Divinity Within through blood fasts and other
means — which comes to be called Gesudianism — be-
comes an important expression of the Road of Heaven.

Micnarn ARCHANGEL

Michael's destruction reverberates throughout Europe.
‘Among the Toreador the disappearance of the Methuselah
leaves a power vacuum above the various Artisan broods,
and many elders engage in bloody battles to take over the
mantle of preeminence. More broadly, however, vampires
fleeing Constantinople or returning from the crusade bring
with them word of the Patriarch's glory. The characters,
who actually witnessed his last moments and saw him
several times, can be nt vehicles for this message,
but it is carried on other lips as well. The association of the
Patriarch with the figure of the archangel who bears his
name only becomes stronger with his Final Death, The story
of Michael seeking to ascend to pure spirituality spreads like
wildfire, and some believe that the Methuselah founda path
to Golconda in the ashes of the Dream. Others see in his
sacrifice the ultimate struggle against the barbaric material
world. His passing becomes a seminal event for Cainites
because, unlike the passing of other ancients, it occurred in
the middle of a very public mortal display.

Michael's legacy is felt most especially among the
followers of the Roads of Heaven and Chivalry. Various
Cainite priestsand clerics use Michael asa saint and martyr,
aan icon of the virtues of diviniey and purity that they preach.
Among those who believe in noc only seeking a place under
Heaven but in being worshipped as well, Michael is the

at example to follow. Among the vampiric knights and
ladies on the Road of Chivalry, che mortal image of the
Archangel Michael merges with the vampiric stories of the
Patriarch. Stories circulate about his nobility and honor, his
chivalric virtue and ultimate sacrifice. Whether or not a
vampire made in Ebla and shaped in Rome could ever have
actually been a paragon of something so new as European,
chivalry is a question that most young adherents simply
ignore.

Although he is not an Antediluvian, Michael assumes
a place something like Saulor's in the general Cainite
psyche. No longer a threat, he becomes — retroactively —
a figure of unparalleled virtue, glory and honor. Vampires,
who conspired to counter and destroy his power proclaim.
their grief at his passing. His madness and vanity, his
narcissistic jealousies and petty passions are all forgotten or
glossed over.

NARSES AND THE CADNITE HERESY

One of the starkest examples of the hypocrisies of
Michae!'s posthumous canonization occurs in the Cainite
Heresy. Narses, Agchbishop of Nod, has achieved his long-
delayed vengeance against the Patriarch. Venice, the city


over which he claims domain, helped tear C
walls down and burn her for days. The Byzan
all but destroyed, and the vampires of the Queen of Cities
are either destroyed or made refugees. In the aftermath
Narses basks in his glory and sheds no tears for his van
quished enemy.

But Narses is hardly the only powerful
Heresy. Many in the Crimson Ci

Narses' dedication to the faith and his wo
id it im the crusade's after I

happy to let him pursue his vendetta when Michael was a
f ome scom in much of tical
andscape has changed. With Mic
being blamed for the
tion. Narses' vaunted political skill
Joes little to dissuade this perception
A fcr can suarics al uit is. ARES TOMER OF WEAKTESSIS
not something that Narses' rivals can pass up. Various
‘members of the Curia, Lasombra from Genoa and even.
Venetian Cappadocians form an alliance of convenience:
and spread word that Michael's destruction was the result of
an arrangement between Narses and a Bali witch. Several
princesand other lordscall blood hunts against this Baali—
thought to be named Mary — and voice their displeasure
with Narses.

In 1212, the Taimisce Nikita of Sredet tums the
‘Crimson Curia against the archbishop and hashim divested.
ofhis mantle, A call for blood hunt follows, and Narses must:
leave Venice. He finds few lords willing or able to shelter
him, andhe remainson the run. In 1213, his own lieutenant:
Guiletmo A liprando calls acourt of blood and obtains from.
the Amici Noctis the right to diablerize him. By 1215,
Guilelmo tracks Narses down, commits the Amaranth and.
takes his place as the prince of Venice.

AALFONZO AND THE LATIN EMPIRE

The mortal crusaders and Venetians carve up the New
Rome and ereate the Latin Empire of Byzantium, which
rules Constantinopleand much of its territoriesfor 70 years.
Alfonzo, Narses' childe and_ representative in
Constantinople, becomes prince of the new city and ex-
tends his domain over much of the Latin Empire. In the
early years of his rule, he receives support from the shadowy
Roman elders known as the Inconnu and from Narses and
the Cainite Heresy, which allows him to manage the depar-
ture of most Greek Cainites and the arrival of many
newcomers,

Unlike Narses, Alfonzo recognizes the change in per-
ceptions about Michael and takes it upon himself to call a
blood hunt against Mary the Black. In 1210, he goes so far
as to send a missive of reprimand to Narses, implicitly
‘cutting his feudal relationship with his sire. At least one
assassination attempt follows, but before more can follow,
‘Narses falls victim to the maneuvering within the Crimson.
Curia. After his sire's destruction, Alfonzo reaffirms his
support of the Heresy itself and his desire to work "as

rope, but the pd
el becominga martyr!
ires, the Curia worries that the Heresy is
tragedy" of the Patriarch's destruc

cem to fail him as he

1s" with thenew lordsof Ve

from the Inconnu, A
uighly equal searus with Venice work
ment of many, Alfonzo pre
leader, and he attracts many young and

be a skilled (if ruthless)

ort of the Inc and

Alfonzo is largely

put the Bite

without the his own.
eing, this arrangement suits him just fine
Crusade is not forgotten. Mortal Greeks

empires in exile, and Byzantine vamp
hem. The Ventrue Anna Comnen:

Brujah Natalya Svyatoslav in Epirus, Neither s likely to

nests in Nicea and the

MANAGING THE
LON ey

CHRONICLE

Venetian Nights, Fiendish Winter and Dying Embers
canbe played individually, buethe true scope and tragedy of
the Fourth Crusade comes to the surface only when all three
stories occur as part of a larger chronicle. Staging the Bitter
Crusade chronicle requires a little more than simply run-
ningall three stories one after the other without pause. Each
story focuses on a key event of the doomed Fourth Crusade,
and the chronicle benefits greatly if the players and their
characters have time to feel the impact of each major event,
As Storyteller, it's best to view the three detailed stories as
markers or bookends, framing the events of the crusade so
that you can weave your own tales with it as a backdrop.

The material in the introduction and the advice in this.
chapter make the task of running a Bitter Crusade chronicle
simple. This chapter isn't here to dictate how you should run
your chronicle, however, but to give youa variety of tools with
which to build tales that suit your players. It builds on the
themes of the three main stories, providing you with an overall
structure upon which you can build your own chronicle.

Along with telling an exciting story, Bitter Crusade
provides you with an excellent opportunity to show
events that have far-teaching impact on the Dark Medieval
world, This does not mean that a Bitter Crusade chronicle
should play out like a documentary with you narrating
history to the players. On the contrary, it isa chance for the
characters to become a part of history, to take center stage
at a transformative moment. Changing the history books
radically —say by stopping Constantinople from burning or
diverting the whole crusade to Egypt — shouldn't be in the
cards unless you're willing to invest a great deal of time into
theorizing on alternate histories. However, characters can
and should affect just how history unfolds as they become
caught up in events,

SETTING THE STAGE

The first task in running Bitter Crusade is to decide
how the characters become involved. How to do so depends


Although i focuses on the Fourth Crusade,
Bitter Crusade is also the final chapter of
Constantinople by Night. When the ashes cool, the
Dream becomes a myth, a legend like the fabled city

. Following the crusade, a great Cainite
onstantinople a virtual ghost town,
hharacters. Those who stay,
of trying to resurrect itself
from the fires of the Fourth C ide.

Narses' vendetta against Michael comes full
circle, nor only helping to precipitate events, but
ultimately consuming the archbishoy Myca
Vykos' betrayal spells the doom of the Obertus and
their leader Gesu, leavingSymeon alone, relic th:
Myea will sacrifice in time to birth the Sabbat. Th
Inconnu watch in horror as their jealousy contrib-
utes to the buming of Constantinople. Bishop
Alfonzo becomes thefirst "prince" of Constantinop!
to feed from the Latin Kingdom of Byzantium —a
pale shadow of the empire's past grandeur

Cainites such as the Baron Ferou

and Natalya Svyatoslay try to rebuild
Constantinople, bur they leave eventually and b
come elders guiding their own dreams. Of the three,
Natalya is destined to become Matriarch of
Constantinople after Alfonso vanishes, and for a
few years, the Queen of Cities recaptures some ofits
former glory. She personally leads a small "crusade"
to recover many of the artifacts stolen during the
Fourth Crusa pecially those belonging to the
tree foundersof Constantinople: Michael, the Dracon
and Antonius. However, her reign is short-lived,
and Constantinople finally fades forever when the
‘Ottoman Turks ride into the city.

By this time,
have either lefethe city orsimply vanished, and on!
Anna Comnena remains from the Trinity families.
She watches her beloved city become Istanbul, and
she eventually sinks into torpor, dreaming of the
night she will awake and finally rule the city many
centuries from now

yy of the Byzantine Cainites

All the while, rumors of a stranger will surface
from time to,time. Cainites will speak of a cloaked
figure walking through the city, bringing with hima
pall of sorrow. He will wander the old streets, visit-
ing ruins long forgotten in the hills of Bxokionion
and look out to the Golden Horn from the city's
walls. Ir will be said that the stranger c+
remember the glory of the past and the Dream,

he will continue coming until Gehenna when he
will join his lovers in Final Death

BITTER CRUSADE

in parton whether Bitter Crusade isa new chronicle or the
continuation of an existing one. Both options are feasible,
but the latter one allows you to foreshadow the crusade
casily as far back as 1198, the year in which Pope Innocent
IIL first called for a crusade. While the erusade only gets
‘underway in 1202, there is nothing prevent you from setting
it up years in advance, building up to the preparations in
Venice. The timeline on page 1 provides you with some of
the events that lead up tothe crusaders gathering in Venice
and the events of Venetian Nights.

Even if you are going to use Bitter Crusade as a new
chronicle, you can set one or two prologue stories between
1198 and 1202. Similar to character preludes, these stories
exist tosteer the characters toward Venice, while establish-
ing the theme and mood of the chronicle at the same time
Like preludes, these prologues can be full-fledged stories or
looser narratives designed to introduce a few elements
that the players can have some context to the aetion. Ifyou
stage Bitter Crusade wiehin an existing chronicle, you can
still use such quick prologues if you wane to ramp up events
auickly.

Different types of characters also requite different ap
proaches. Europeans, Byzantines and Muslims are all likely
to experience the crusade in very different ways.

EUROPEANS

Due to the crusade's origin, European Cainites require
little, if any, work to integrate into Bitter Crusade. The
mortal preparations and vampiric negotiations in Venice
make for excellent excuses to get characters involved. By
1202, various clerics and nobles have been preaching the
crusade for two full years. Having one such recruiter come
through the coterie's domain — especially if he is shadowed
by Cainites who are interested in the crusade — is a simple
way to get the characters involved

Another interesting option is to get them to Venice on
unrelated business and have the crusade drag them into is
intrigues. Doing so foreshadows the loss of control that
eventually leads to the burning of Constantinople. Youcan,
use countless alternatives to bring European characters (0
Venice — perhaps one of the characters' sires has gone.
missing, but he was last seen in Venice. The Cainite Her
makes for another convenient motivation for European
Cainites to travel to the Italian city-state. In a twist, Bishop.
Alfonso of Constantinople could send the characters to
Venice to represent him at the council, helping to set up the
growing antagonism between Narses and his childe

Once events get underway, itis more likely that Euro-
pean characters will side with Narses and then tag along
with the crusade as hisagents. The horror of the crusade lies
in the characters' lack of control over it. The characters
witness firsthand how fickle Cainite dominance is in the
LongNight, and the threat that organized mortals pose toall
of Caine's childer.


Rumors AND Mi
If you don't plan to run the full Bitter Cru-
sade chronicle, plenty of options still exist to
you integrate the Fourth Crusade into your game.
hear of

Itis entirely possible thar the charac

events through secondary sources, in which case
Bitter Crusade helps you bring the Dark Medi:
eval world to life. However, merely presenting

judes the character
tion, k
ide not to use th

to have it aff

events in this manner
(and players) from the
pact. Even if you d
‘Crusade
tharacters indir

ning its im-
Fourth
directly t the
s hears of the
arations in Venice because hersire

participates in them, leaving the chara
charge of her domain for the duration. Once
events gather steam, the sack of Zara and the
struction of Prince Gari could lead Malkavians
across Europe tofear that the crusade is becoming
‘om against their clan.. Finally, when
intinople burns, waves of refugees, both
inite and mortal, flood both eastern and west
em cities. This migration leads to Cainite
overpopulation, disputes over domain and run:
ins with mortal witch-hunters. Storytellers could
use the destruction of the Library of the Forgot-
ten (the Tzimisce treasure in Constantinople) to
flood Europe with damnable and te books,
causing an outbreak in witch-hunts and heresies.

BYZANTINES

Because of the connection berween Venice and
Constantinople, Byzantine Cainites are well suited to Bit-
ter Crusade. Introducing Byzantine characters is almost as
simple as integrating Europeans, Making the characters
Byzantine ambassadors is the easiest way to get them to
Venice, and you can add countless twists and tums to make
things interesting. The characters could be members of the
Antonian Venture family, sent to Venice in an attempt to
finally make peace with Narses — only to get caught up in.
the intrigue that surrounds Rolland du Rocher's destruc-
tion. As knights under the Gangrel Baron Feroux or as
Ohertus monks, the characters could be transporting books
from the Library of the Forgotten, only to arrive in Venice
at the worst possible moment. The Follower of Set Khay'tall
(see Constantinople by Night) could also be involved in
the Setite machinations in Venice, using the characters to
keep an eye on his clanmates and ensure that the crusade
does not disrupt his plans in Constantinople

Ifyou wish to use Byzantine characters it may be best to
use Bitter Crusade as a sequel to the stories started in

Constantinople by Night. After playing in thac city for a
while, the characters can become involved in the great
tragedy of the Dream'send. Sucha chronicle isapotent, and
tragic conclusion to Constantinople by Night.

Isuamic CAND OTHER) CAINITES

Non-European or Byzantine Cainites are outsiders to
the Fourth Crusade, but they are not excluded. Therefore,
they have a unique perspective. Ashirra (Islamic Cainites),
who may have witnessed the ravages of past crusades,
understand better than anyone the true threat that they
pose. Because of this, they could find themselves in Venice
with a vested interest in diverting the crusade, Beset on all
sides by the antagonism and prejudice of European and
Byzantine Cainites, Ashirra may have a hard time until
things get under way. However, as outsiders, such characters
have significantly more room to maneuver, perhaps allow
ing them a better chance to act as peacemakers.

Islamic charactersneednot be ambassadors. They could
easily find themselves in Venice as slaves, eaptured during
one of the previous crusades and sold to Narses or another
Cainite. Full ofresentment, such characters could delightin
seeing the crusade burn Constantinople without real
that they've succumbed to the same viciousness that plagues
the Christian cause.

PactinG AND PLoT

In Bitter Crusade, the Fourth Crusade provides both
dramatic tension and the foundation for the chronicle. It
structures the stories in such a way that they reinforce the
historical eventsand keep things moving along. The players
can choose just how their characters interact with the
mortal crusade, but they must also deal with its constantly
evolving mission,

Only Dying Embers revolves explicitly around an
actual historical event. In Venetian Nights and Fiendish,
Winter, the characters' attentions are focused elsewhere:
Mortal history isa pending threat that serves as.a catalyst for
the action, but it doesn't dictate how the stories unfold.
Only when the Fourth Crusade reaches its murderous cli-
max do the characters actually cross paths with history in a
direct and bloody manner.

The crusade functions asa storytelling device, unifying
the stories and providing structure. However, you need to
determine the detailed plot of your own chronicle, to find a
way to include the characters' motivations and make Bitter
Crusade about them. Are the characters just witnesses to
history, becoming the first Cainites to realize that the Long
Night is over? Are they up-and-coming ancillae ready co
step into the void left with the passing of Michael? Are they
saviors of Constantinople and inheritors of the Dream? Are
they its destroyers?

Regardless of how intricate you want to be, the single
most basie question to ask, is what side the characters will
stand on. Will they watch Constantinople (and Zara) burn
so that they can plunder the ashes? Will they try to fight

COME TO DUST


tides of mortal folly and Cainite vanity? Only the players
can actually answer these questions (through their charac-
ters' actions) but you need to keep them in mindso that you
can be ready with consequences when they do act.

STRUCTURE

Each of the three detailed stories in Bitter Crusade is
the focal point for one of the chronicle's chapters, and a
prologue and epilogue can further expand its scope. The
should ideally norbe the entirety of the chapters, but
gh points. Other stories, related to the events of the
ind the characters sp
the dramatic events of the previous chapters. The best w:
to pace Bitter Crusade isto stage a linking story between
each ofthe three chapters. These linkin;
to set-up events to come, or to provide cha
. They don't have to be intricate, and
nothing more than downtime narra-
tives, but they go a long way in making the
chronicle engrossing

ProLoGuE
The prologue to Bitter Crusade can span
any number of years, going as far back as 1198. The point is
to highlight how things are before the traumatic events of
the crusade. You need to show how Cainites ruled the night
with near impunity, treating mortals as playthings and food
stocks, Misplaced assumptions such as these, while not
wholly responsible for the Bitter Crusade, allow the crusade
to run its devastating course.
ss of the crusade should start filtering down to the
characters, first as rumors, but then as reports of French
priests rallying the populace and knights making their way
to Venice. solated, these events are not ominous, but when,
combined, they point to the great upheaval to come. Pos-
sible prologue stories include:
* Words of Faith: The characters come across a
crowd gathered outsideasmall parish church. In
the center, a priest is trying to rally che men in
the crowd to enlist in the "glorious host co reclaim
the Holy Sepulcher from the infidel." As the priest
continues, the erowd becomes isiblyexcicedand. J
anxious, enough so that the coterie should start
feeling uncomfortable. Dependingon the charac-
tion, the priest may single them out as
sets or see them for what they are. This foreshadows
the mortal involvement in the crusade
* Ashen Portents: For a span of a week, nightmares
plague one of the characters. The nightmares have the same
recurring image. The character finds herself walking down
astre ashes. Occasionally the character sees
skull protruding from the field of ash
thing. The whole scene is eerily
silent.
As the character walks down the street, she comes
across footprints in the ash, On the first day, the nightmare

BITTER CRUSADE


ends there. When the character next stumbers, the dream.
continues. This time, a cloaked figure appears in the dis-
tance, but no matter how fast the character chases, the
cloaked figure is always out of reach. Every day, the dream
returns and the character follows the figure, but she always
wakes when she gets within arm's reach.

‘When the character dreams on the sixth day, the figure
isstanding in the remains ofa bumtchurch. Ifthe character
enters the church, the figure turns and faces her, pulling
back his cloak slowly. As the stranger lifts the cowl over his
hhead, light as bright as the sun drowns the ashes in splendor
giving the charactera view of how things were before. Inthe
place of a burnt-out city isa thriving metropolis of gold and
mosaics. The figure then places a hand on the character's
shoulder and says, "Remember... we are nothing but shad-
ows and dust." He then fades into the light.

CHAPTER ONE: VENETIAN Nicuts

Venetian Nights is really the culmination of events,
both mortal and Cainite, rooted as far back as 1198 and
Innocent Hll's call for a new crusade. Venetian Nights'
intrigue-laden plotisan excellent vehicle for ensnaring the
characters in the schemes of both Narses and the mortal
crusaders. While the prelude should lead the characters to
Venice, there is no need to leave the city immediately once
the events in Venetian Nights are concluded. The crusade
does not leave for Zara until lace in 1202, giving the
characters ample opportunity to experience the decadence
and mystery of Venice.

Regardless of what faction the characters find them-
selvesallied with, thereisno endtothenumber of one-session
stories and vignettes you can run. A number of suggestions
follow, but you should let how events unfold in Venetian
Nights dictate future stories in Venice.

‘* Shadow Games: Narses may be the prince, but more
occurs in Venice's dark canals than he would like to admit
to. The looming crusade and its possible re-direction toward
Constantinople have caused a number of ancient Cainites
costir, From the shadows, the Inconnu, jealous of Michaels
Dream, watch events with both dread and anticipation.
They know that the New Rome will soon be nothing more
han a fading memory, just like the old capital.

This provides plenty of opportunity for the characters
to meet these secretive Cainites, Some want nothing more
than to converse with the coterie, but others want to use it
asa tool to hasten the destruction of Constantinople — ot
perhaps to atone for it.

* Dark Courts: Venice is the home of the Cainite
Heresy. Although it is not connected directly with events
in Bitter Crusade, the hubris that birthed the Heresy isthe
same that prompted Michael co dream Constantinople.
Deep within the bowels of Venice, the Heresy festers with
Narses at its helm, yee all is not well for the Crimson Curia.
Many are rumbling about Narses' failing devotion, fearing
that he'll drag the Heresy into the fires of the crusade to
exact his revenge on Constantinople.

Ifthe coterie allies with Narses, he (oranother member
of the Curia) tries to convert the characters. His motives
may seem suspect, but his promises of power could lure
characters into joining. For others who are truly seeking
religious guidance in their unlives, the offer may appear
wholly genuine.

Other members of the Curia might well recruit vam-
pires who reject Narses' offer of alliance. Backed by a rival
of the prince, they could pretend to accept Narses'offerand
continue on with the crusade, serving his enemies secretly
within the Heresy.

** The Folly of Faith: As the crusade gatherssteam, the
faithful flock to Venice and make the city unfriendly to
Cainites. Not all crusadersare exceptionally pious, bur most
are anxious and boiling with nervous energy after months of
waiting. All it takes is for a charismatic orator such as
Rodrigue de Navarre or Gauthier de Dampiere, and the
mobs become volatile, targeting whomever they fear or do.
not understand.

One evening, the coterie stumbles across a crusader
dressed in bloody rags, his eyes darting madly about until
they focus on the characters. It takes a moment, but the
characters should oon fee! the power of True Faith emanat-
ing from the crusader. Without saying a world, the crusader
sees them for what they ate, but does notdo anythingexcept
whisper, "Forgive me." A mob can be heard approaching,
calling for the death of the "mad one," and it rounds the
corner a few seconds later. The enraged mass atcacks, not
the characters, but the crusader whom they believe is,
possessed.

The characters have a choice: Will they try to save the
crusader from the mob or simply stand back. If they stay to
help, they must deal wich the painful aura of the madman.
Ifthey donothing, the image of the crusaderhauntsthem for
the rest of their unlives.

CuapTer Two: FienpisH WINTER

The transition to the second chapter is relatively short.
The crusade sets sail from Venice in October of 1202 and
lands in Zara in early November. At this point, most
Cainites who traveled with the crusade (including the
characters) are still under the assumption that they are in
control, Events in Zara begin to hint at how misplaced this
assumption is

Where Venetian Nights culminates the firse chapter,
Fiendish Winter occurs across much of the second. Indeed,
the story's first act covers the early nights in Zara while its
second act takes the characters to Transylvania. The long
journey to and back from the Toth land hold covers much
of the rest of the chapter, before the crusade takes off for
Constantinople and chapter three.

Linking the two chapcers requires litele work, especially
if the characters decide to follow the crusade (either as
Narses' agents or on their own initiative). There is litele
time between the characters' arrival in Zara and the audi-
ence with Prince Gari to stage side-stories, However, the

COME TO DUST.


overseas trip between Venice and Zara, and the aftermath
of capitulation of Zara are rich in possibilities.
ing passage to Zara could result ina story or two,
acters find a ship that will take them across the
‘Adriatic safely. There are plenty of options, including

Dalmatia. If the characters are under the aegis of Narses,
getting transport should not be difficult, provided that they
agree to his price. Possible tales include:

* Dark Waters: The characters are aboard asmall ship,
and they have been careful not to arouse the crew's super-
stitions. One night they rise tofind one of the crew members,
dead, his blood drained. The crew grows nervous, and more
crewmembers start disappearing over the next few nights,
Running out of options, the characters must find who is,
responsible — a task which is complicated because, as faras
they know, they are the only Cainices on the ship.

* Traveling Within: On route to Toth, the coterie
comes across a secluded monastery shortly before dawn. A.
monk appears, welcomes them and makes clear that he
knows their nature. He introduces himself as Abbot Heroch,
and explains chat his monastery belongs to the Obercus
order of Constantinople who honor the Sanguine Saint
Gesu. The monk invites the characters to slumber within
the monastery's catacombs.

If chey accept, they are led up a small incline and into
a humble stone monastery. Immediately, the characters
notice that everyone — monks and farmhands — are
ghouls, even the children. When asked about the children,
the Abbotexplains that they area miracle, gifted since birth.
with "the blood." As the characters are led to the cata-
combs, all eyes follow them in reverence. When they reach,
the catacombs, the abbot offers some of his monks so the
characters can feed.

The following night, the characters wake to find them-
selves in iron cages suspended a few feec about the ground
In front of the characters is the abbot and many of che

children. Mutcering a prayer, of which the
charactershear only "of the Within," the Abborspearseach
of the characters in turn, causing their vitae 10 flow the
ground below where the children lap it up. Characters who
frenzy can do nothing since the cages are built especially to
se enraged vampires. Ifany of the characters try o heal

, the abbot spears them again and again. Even-

tually, the charactersshould fall into torpor, where haunting
images flood them, possibly foreshadowing events to come.

When the characters next wake, they are miles away
from the monastery. They soon find the toad to Toth anew,
ue they must decide whether or not to return to the
monastery. Vykos, who suffers as they do, can only point to
thisincidencasevidence that the Obertus order has become
corrupt.

CHapTER THREE: DYING EMBERS
crusade as it leaves for
ers are caught in the tide of


history. Fueled by the capture of Zara, the Fourth Crusade
isnow about to reach its devastating climax. The burning of
Constantinople is essentially unavoidable, bu how the
coterie copes with this devastation and what the characters
take away from it— hope fora reborn Dream, secrets of the
Obertus or even the blood of the Patriarch — is up to them.

The crusade sets sail from the ruins of Zara in April of
1203, and it enters the Bosporus in June of the same year,
almost 10 months before conquest of Constantinople. Be-
tween June of 1203 and April of the 1204, the coterie has a
number of options. It could opt to travel by foor from Zara
to Constantinople, traversing the Balkans before arriving
in che Byzantine Empire. An epic journey in its own right,
the characters would travel to such cities as Ragusa, Sofia,
Thessalonica, Belgrade and Buda-Pest before reaching the
jewel that is Constantinople. Along the route, they could
encounter Transylvanian Cainites, possibly becoming in-
volved in some of the intrigues of the Transylvania
Chronicles. Coteries who prefer to travel by sea are greeted
by wondrous sites —and terrible atrocities —as hey follow
the crusade toward Constantinople.

Chapter three spans over a year of game time. If the
characters arrive with the crusade in June 1203, or at any
point before April of 1204, they will have plenty of oppor-
tunity to interact with the Cainites of Byzantium. There is
nothing stopping you from running a series of
Constantinople-based stories to introduce the city to the
characters properly. Constantinople by Night would allow
you to bring this magnificent city to life, but if not, the
following story seeds should keep the characters busy until
the crusade's fateful end,

* Emperors of Dust: While looking fora haven in the
city, the coterie discovers an abandoned cistern. Following
its winding passageways, they eventually find themselves
lost. Heading deeper and deeper into the bowels of
Constantinople, the characters come across a huge mauso-
eum, lined with sarcophagi decked with imperial motifs.
The mausoleum belongs to the Cappadocian Alexia who
hhas been protecting a number of her clanmates in torpor.

When the characters arrive, they hear one of the
sarcophagi being pushed open. Ifthe characters investigate,
they arrive in time to see a Cainite committing diablerie on
one of the torpid Cainites within. (The characters should
notice that a number of the sarcophagi have been opened
and their occupants reduced to ash.) The Cainite in ques-
tion is Markus Musa Giovanni, an Italian Cappadocian.
Near him lies the staked body of Alexia, watching in horror
but unable to do anything. The characters can try to
interfere, but they have a fight on their hands since Musa
hhas spent the better part of the evening gorging on Cainice
vitae. Ifthe characters defeat Musa and save Alexia, they

eam a potentally in Constantinople. If they do nothing, or
even commit diablerie themselves, they become accom-
plices to the eventual destruction of Clan Cappadocian

* Sins of the Past: Characters arriving in
Constantinople before Aprilof 1204 have an opportunity to
meet the Patriarch Michael even before the conflagration of
Dying Embers. Whether they plan to present themselves or
not, Michael calls to them, reaching to them through their
dreams. Meeting the Patriarch should be a momentous
occasion — few Cainites command the sheer awe that
Michael'sstained-glassformdoes. To many Cainites, Michael
is the closest they will ever get co seeing the sun again.

Strangely, when the coterie arrives, Michael looks at
them bur says nothing, as if a great sadness has suddenly.
overcome him — one of the characters reminds him of
Antonius, his one-time lover and the co-founder of the
Dream. Over the next few nights, Michael isstrangely lucid.
He calls for the character nightly, spending hours talking
with him and generally showing the character a side of
himself chat few ever glimpse. This favoritism cams the
jealousy of the Ventrue leader Caius, who has been trying 0
win Michael's attention for ages to no avail. Pecronius,
Michael's right-hand man, is more that happy to use the
character as a cure for the Patriarch's madness, renewing
hostilities between the Toreador and Venture families of
Constantinople.

However, Michael's madness eventually returns, doom-
inghim to repeat the past by trying to destroy "Antonius" to
save Constantinople from in-fighting. The only hope is for
the character to convince the Patriarch that he is not his
ancient lover.

* Nocturnes: Toward dawn one night, the coterie
explores the Harbor of Theodosius on Constantinople's
western shore. The characters catch sight of aship preparing
to set sail in a hurry. Monks help the sailors load the ship
swith large crates and a sarcophagus, rushing co gec out to sea
before dawn. If the characters look into one of the crates,
they find it packed with books, ineludinga partial transcrip
tion of the Book of Nod. Suddenly, screams come from the
ship. One of the monks rently knocked over an
oil lamp sending flames dancing across the deck,

The characters have a choice, sink back into the dark
ness as the monks and sailors try to save the crates of book:
and the sarcophagus from the flames, or help. Ifthe charac-
cers help the monks, the task isnotan easy one. The ship has
been cut from itsmooringsand cast adrift; the fire has spread
to the sails and, in the distance, the sky signals dawn'
arrival. However, the characters' efforts could be well re-
warded; the Obertus would be grateful for having saved so
many priceless books. Ifthe coterie rescues the sarcophagu
they find none other than one of che few remaining Salubi,
‘Achmet the Dreamer.

COME TO DUST


BitTerR CRUSADE AND VAMPIRE: THE MASQUERADE

Although Bitter Crusade isa Dark Ages supplement, there isno reason itcan'tbe adapted asa historical element
of your modem chronicle. You can use any of the Bitter Crusade's stories as staged flashbacks, either fleshing out one
of the coterie member's background, or giving players insight to an elder whom their characters encounter.

STAGING THE FLASHBACK

Introduce the flashback by bringing something with a connection to the erusade into your modem game. Perhaps
the characters come across a relic from Constantinople (say an icon of Michael or a text from the Library of the
Forgotten) in the Final Nights. Instead of resorting to Academics or Occult rolls to explain what they found, you can
set-up ascene or two during the Fourth Crusade showing the relic fall into crusader hands.

Likewise, fair number of elders and signature characters have ties to either Constantinople or the Crusades. You
can use Bitter Crusade flashbacks to flesh out and give players insight into the pasts of these mysterious Cainites. You
can stage scenes from Fiendish Winterand Dying Embers that feature Vykos toallow the players tosee the Fiend before
its inhuman transformation in the Sabbat, and perhaps gain some understanding of its ineffable motivations.

Although countless options exist for staging the flashback, the key is to provide an identifiable link. Sharp cuts
only confuse players, Jus ike in the movies, cutting toa flashback should be precipitated by an obvious cue. Stumbling
across the icon in the prince's chamber or spying Vykos as he meditates are natural opportunities to make the switch.
The key isto stick ro a theme. Don't cut to the flashback at random, instead give the players enough warning so that
they canadjuse. Using tricks like music or associating a color with the flashback, all help the players make the switch
in their minds.

FLasupack CHARACTERS

You can have the players design their own characters for the flashbacks, but it will probably serve your chronicle
best toassign them roles you determine. You can create full-fledged characters with full traits or just provide the players
with a few sentences of description and some relevant traits. Just make sure that the character sketches have a hook
that's easy for the players to grab onto. This can be a simple as "you're playing a Tzimisce knight" to "you are playing
Grekov Kheil, a Tzimisce knight Embraced for both your martial prowess and your cruel nature." Let the players flesh
ut theit characters — in terms of background, emotions and other traits — before play begins. That way, you make
sure thateverything sin place for the flashback to serve the main chronicle, bue the players have some freedom as well.

RUNNING FLASHBACKS
‘When storytelling historical flashbacks, it's best to limit them to three scenes at the most, which can be played
ally or interspersed throughout a session, story or chronicle. Although flashbacks can be played like regular
és, itis better if you focus their action to one key event or element. Set up the situation and give the players afew
options. Doing so allows them to play without your having to run two full chronicles at the same time. For example,
of running the battle scene in Fiendish Winter, you could focus on one encounter or skirmish, giving the
sa chance to get their hands dirty without having to pull out the Dark Ages rulebook.


‘WARRIORS OF CHRIST

Pope Innocent has called for a Fourth Crusade against the Saracen, and knights
from across Europe gather to respond. Cainites and mortals alike taint the
enterprise with their own ambitions. In Venice, Cainites gather to decide on
the crusade's course, only to watch it spiral out of control and head toward
Constantinople and its powerful masters. Blood calls to blood, and the flames
of mortal hatred burn brightly.

MONSTERS OF THE FAITH

Bitter Crusade is a chronicle detailing the Fourth Crusade, the latest Christian
adventure toward the Holy Land. Over the course of three stories, set in Venice,
Zara (on the Dalmatian coast) and Constantinople itself, it shows how mortal
and immortal agendas conspire to turn a holy war into a mockery and set
Christian against Christian. In the fires that end it all, the Long Night itself
comes to an end. 7

BITTER CRUSADE INCLUDES:

_¢ A way to bring your Dark Ages game forward
from 1197 to 1204;

© Details on Venice and Constantinople,
updating previous material;

D Ni
NUN ew Ze © The chance to put your players' coterie
ee \ center sate for the transformation.
of the Dark Ages setting.

SUE STEN
