# File: Black Furies (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



The alarm goes off at quarter to five. I stretch, then
bury my head in my pillow, but realize I don't even
have time for a nine-minute snooze reprieve. Dian is
still asleep. She'd come in early this morning after a
sept meeting, and she was never much of a morning
person anyway. When I kiss her cheek, she grimaces
sleepily and pulls her pillow over her head. Grinning
tiredly, | swing my feet out of bed and onto the cool
wood of the floor.

I shower quickly, pull on my scrubs, and grab a few
hardboiled eggs for breakfast on my way. The whole
pot of coffee goes in a thermos —I've got more than a
hundred miles to drive this morning before the clinic
opens at eight. I take a few moments to start a fresh pot
—something tells me Dian will need it too— and hop
behind the wheel of the truck.

eee

When I wake up in the morning, the sun is up, the
birds are chirping their merry little heads off, and
Helena is long gone. I'm not even sure when she got up
— her side of the bed is cool, and the day is starting to
warm up already. It's 9:43. Almost six hours of sleep.
Not too bad. I probably should have gotten up earlier,
though. I've got business at the sept.

The pot of coffee Helena so thoughtfully left for
me has cooked itself down to about five cups. That'll be

agood kick in the pants. | splash cold water on my face
from the kitchen sink — no sense taking a shower, I'm
just going to get filthy again today.

Grabbing my rucksack from the closet, I start
packing. My "first aid kit" goes in there — needles
threaded with silk to hold the worst messes together,
and several yards of bleached muslin to bind up the
rest. My nine-volt utility flashlight, after I check the
battery — ever since Helena woke up the spirit in it, it
draws twice as much power as it used to. Helena says it
turns itself on because it doesn't like the dark, and if I
didn't leave it in the closet it would be happier. Lunch.
Finally, 1 go back to the bedroom and open the chest
at the foot of the bed, reverently lifting out my labrys
in its leather and wool wrappings. | ask the forgiveness
of the labrys' spirit for the indignity of being carried
about upside-down in a pack, promising that it will see
use today — and hopefully battle. I shoulder the pack
then, and hike off down the road.

coe

It's been a typical day at the clinic so far. I'm
only here for three days every two months. Offi-
cially, I'm simply here to keep an eye on the gen
health of the population, to provide the very basics
of care and advice; serious or urgent cases are to be
referred to the doctors at the county hospital in

2 Black Furies


their cold, sterile offices filled with reams of pre-
scription pads. Unofficially, | whisper prayers to aid
the healing of bones crudely set at home or send a
patient away with a potent herbal remedy for a
nagging cough. My Mediterranean coloration has
led to rumors among the locals that I'm descended
froma long line of Indian medicine women. I haven't
bothered to correct that notion — it's a concept
they're familiar and comfortable with, and it's close
enough to true for my conscience.

Routine checkups run straight into near crises.
One minute I'm playing with a six-month-old baby in
the guise of testing her reflexes, the next I'm con-
fronted with diabetic Mr. Tucker's gangrenous foot.
I clean it as best I can, but it should have been tended
toa month ago. | could care for this wound with fire,
blade and chant, but old Mr. Tucker will not heal like
my sisters do, A surgeon will need to cut away the
dead flesh. It is all I can do to clear the poisons from
his blood and gain a promise that he will get himself
to the emergency room fifty miles away as soon as
possible. Another elderly patient provides a test of
another sort: Eliza Croft, grandmother and great-
grandmother many times over, comes in with a trou-
bling rattle in her chest. She knows she is sick, but she
does not wish to leave her home for the hospital. I
understand her desires — how could I not? It is the
way of our kind to choose a dignified death at the
proper time. But underneath this illness I see a spry
old woman with many years left to her if she can
survive this one, and her large family would sorely
miss her wisdom and experience. I explain this to
Mrs. Croft and her teary-eyed granddaughter with
bluntness and great respect — she has earned no less.
It is a decision she will have to make for herself.

The hectic morning fades into a white haze of
anger as | walk in to see the first patients on the
afternoon schedule. A mother is here with her two
children, one year and four years old. I have seen this
so many times before, the signs are as obvious as if
someone had labeled each scar and bruise with a
surgical marker. Cigarette burn, here. Old, deep bruise
from a sharp pinch, there. The older boy's face is
reddened, small blood vessels reaching spider-like across
his cheeks, broken by an unending chain of slaps. Both
of them — even the babe in arms! — have that
haunted, wary look around their eyes so agonizingly
typical of the victims of abuse.

I proceed with a thorough examination of both
children, tallying each burn, bruise and scar in my
mind as another black mark against the criminal
who did this. I need the time that it takes to turn my
initial burst of anger into the steely resolve I will
need to do my job.

"Did you bring them in today forageneral checkup,"
lask, "or have you noticed a specific ailmentor injury?"

The mother can't look me in the eye. "The girl
cries too much. And she don't hold her head up so
good." Both children are malnourished, and the little
girl is dehydrated as well. 1 marvel that she has found
the strength to continue to cry.

I ask the next necessary question. "Is their father
here? Or at home?"

She shakes her head, still looking at the floor.
"Haven't seen him for months. He left us." It is the
answer | was afraid to hear. I know it is a blindness on
my part, but these situations are always so much easier
to deal with when there is a man to blame.

I hand the baby back to her, noting the child's
reluctance to go back to her mother's arms. I pick up
the family's file. Montgomery, Alice; Chad and Alyssa.
The name is familiar. | flip through the few charts, and
stumble across my own name. I attended Alice
Montgomery's second birth, caught her bawling infant
as she came into the world. My responsibility here is
cemented, now; | have the blood of this woman's
womb on my hands.

I put the file down and look closely at the woman.
I recognize her face now, but she is changed, so terribly
changed from the tearfully joyful woman into whose
arms I placed a healthy baby girl. Like the girl in her
arms, like the boy in the plastic chair by her side,
listlessly kicking at the rungs, she is wan and ex-
hausted. Pained.

Snatching up the folder, | walk to the door. My
receptionist for these visits, Carol, sits just outside ata
folding table. | ask her to watch the children —and get
them a snack, for goodness sake — while I speak
privately with their mother. Alice Montgomery looks
for a moment as if she will protest, but she does not. I
lead her into the small room I have appropriated as my
office, and close the door.

eee

The morning is half gone by the time I hit the
bawn. The group waiting for me has probably been
there long enough to be ornery by now — good.
Babysitting isn't exactly my idea of a good time, either.
It doesn't take long to find my three victims, sitting,
standing and sulking somewhat near the appointed
meeting place in an awkward triangle, none of them
willing to get close to the others. I drop to the turf and
begin unlacing my hiking boots.

"My name's Dian Axebearer. For today, since
we're getting friendly, you can call me Dian, or
Axebearer." Now that I have their attention, I tuck
my bare feet under my legs and get comfortable. "I

Legends of the Garou: Unity in Alterity


also answer to ‘bitch,' but if you get my attention
that way you'd better have something important to
say." None of them seems to find that funny, under
the circumstances.

They are all Cliath, still wet behind the ears from
the dunking of their Rites of Passage. And they've all
gotten into trouble. The scruffy homid boy with the
stained baseball cap is Daniel. He was caught sucking
down a cheap 40 while on duty with the Guardian
pack. The girl, Raychel, snuck into town against the
Warder's orders. She's metis, and even in human shape
her lip and nose look like someone hit her in the face
witha log, and the sept doesn't want to draw any undue
attention from youth services. The last of the bunch,
the sulky feral whose dog lips seem frozen mid-snarl, is
Sharpbite. He's just a general-purpose pain in the ass.
I grin up at the three of them. If the elders think that
assigning these kids to me is going to improve their
manners or tendency to wise-ass, then I haven't been
enough of a pain in the ass myself lately. But maybe I
can work on the discipline angle.

"You're all here because the Warder told you to
be here, right?" Three nods, in varying degrees. "Did
he tell you anything else?" Three shakes of heads,
none with much enthusiasm. "I figured as much.
Listen, and listen good. We're going hunting." That
gets their attention.

"You may remember a few nights back, a traveling
pack came through. They said they had seen a large
Wyrm beast of some kind in the Umbra in our protec-
torate, but it gave them the slip when they tried to run
it down." They're curious now, and confused. They
should be. "A few packs have gone out looking for it,
but they haven't found anything. The Warder's not
convinced there's anything to find."

I stand up now, continuing my preparations by
stripping down to skin, retying just my vest for arms-
free movement. The homid kid blushes and looks
away; I can't help but grin. "As you kids have undoubt-
edly been told, packs are important, and have impor-
tant things to do. You don't. And neither do I, appar-
ently. So you're coming with me on one last shot at
finding this thing."

The girl shifts nervously. "Isn't this kind of
dangerous?"

"Yep," I cheerfully reply. "You've got fifteen min-
utes to get your stuff together. Anddon't think youcan
get your tribal elders to wiggle you out of this. They all
signed you over to me last night."

The boy, Daniel, actually raises a hand to ask a
question. He still can't look at my chest. "What are we
going to do if we find it?"

Sharpbite growls out an answer before me. "We
kill it!" he grates out, whirling on his packmate-for-a-
day. "Are you afraid, ape?"

1 squat down and pull my double-axe from the
tucksack, letting the blood-red cloth fall away from the
silvery axe blades. The boys step back involuntarily —
they feel the menace of power not meant for their
hands. Maybe they aren't as stupid as I thought. "He's
right. We're going to kill it. Sharpbite, since you're so
keen on showing everyone your balls, you'll be scout-
ing at point. Get moving, the three of you."

eee

The room is small, dark and a bit dank. A few
lockers and a tarnished mirror and sink indicate it was
once achanging room, but the lockers, at the moment,
are stuffed with file boxes and sheaves of papers. I
indicate a plastic chair with some minimal padding to
Alice, and take a stool with the door to my back. My
attaché is here, with forms and timesheets splayed out
across a short bench as a makeshift table. | mumble
some words of apology for the sparse surroundings as |
gather my papers, covering my distraction as I focus my
senses elsewhere, beyond. I find it, that tingle of evil
that never fails to send a shudder through my spine.
The Wyrm has touched this woman in some way.

I straighten, and look directly at her. "Your chil-
dren are not healthy, Ms. Montgomery. And they have
been hurt. You need to tell me what's going on." She
meets my eyes for a moment, then pulls back into her
chair sullenly, her eyes staring at nothing but air. Her
mouth works soundlessly. Focusing my senses even
more acutely, | shift my attention to the mirror behind
Alice's head. The Gauntlet parts inside the mirror's
frame, and the light of the crescent moon bends out
toward me to float the woman's image where the
silvery pane once was.

There is a war going on before me. A snaky tendril
of violence and blood reaches through the Shadow to
wind through Alice Montgomery's soul, anchored by a
vicious barb. It tugs at her heart and her gut, sending
flares of fear and hate through her frame. It wants her to
flee from me, from the bright lights shining on her
wounded children, back to the darkness where it can
continue to hollow her out from the inside. The spirit of
Alice fights back, drawing strength from the gentle
glow of a mother's love. She clings to the dingy chair in
this shabby room like a life preserver, hoping for help
before it is too late. 1 am her hope.

I want nothing more than to dive through that
mirror, feeling my body explode into the very shape of
vengeance to rip that evil influence from her soul. But
I cannot, not here, not now. There are children here,
and the infirm, who would be at risk if the battle spilled

Black Furies


into this world and through the flimsy wooden door.
And I do not know what simply tearing out that
wicked barb would do to the woman who sits before
me. I must do this the hard way. She must.

eee

The moon's light is dim but adequate as we trek
through the Shadow to the site where the Wyrmling
was last spotted. Then our hunt kicks into gear. We
turn over every Umbral rock and leaf, looking for signs
of taint and withering. The metis girl Raychel is
sensitive, as I'd hoped, and the feral's senses are sharp.
Young Daniel is diligent, if terrified.

I know there's something out here. The pack that
traveled through were Freebooters — my sisters. If they
say they saw something, they saw something. The
Warder isn't so easy to convince; he doesn't take
advice very well from someone he thinks is a charach,
and he covers it up with bullshit about female Ahroun.
I called him a misogynist. He called me intransigent. I
had to look it up — I never finished high school. He's
right, | am. I just hope his own intransigence doesn't
get one of these kids killed.

As moonset nears, we turn up Wyrm sign —flecks
of black bile pitting the ground. There are no other
spirits to be seen, and the air here seems thick and
muffles sound. We track it easily from here — it must
be large, and very low to the ground. Raychel spots it
first, lurking in the dilapidated reflection of an ancient
barn. It's large, all right, about the size of a bus. It has
no arms or legs, or head that I can see, just a disgusting
bladder of a body that pulses black and violet and red
like a fresh bruise. Dozens of wicked-looking black
whips spin out of its form, some thinning and stretched
into the distance, others hovering around like angry
hornets with stingers like arrowheads. I don't think it's
seen us yet, but I can't be sure since I can't see eyes.

I pull back, motioning for the other three to follow
me. With my sisters by my side, we could simply fall on
thisbloated monsterand carve it to pieces inacelebratory
fashion. With these kids in my care, some smarter
fighting is in order. Daniel and Raychel pull back with
me, the only sound the cracking and rustling of bones
shifting and knitting upward into Crinos, ready for
battle. I look back — Sharpbite hasn't moved, every
sense riveted on the mesmerizing weaving of those evil
tentacles. I hsst softly to get his attention. As he looks
back in the fading light, I can see the blood in his eyes.
Then he's gone, sprinting toward the creature as fast as
four legs can carry him. At least he has the sense to hold
his howl of fury until he's almost on top of the Bane.

Ihave no choice. "Follow me!" I bark at the two at
my heels, and race down to join the fray.

eee

1 begin preparations slowly, as stealthily as I can
to avoid attracting the Wyrm creature's attention. |
pour the remaining coffee from the thermos into its
lid, and hand it to her. It's not a chalice, but the
symbolism of the shape is more important than its
lack of decoration, and its warmth may help fight off
the tendril's icy touch. From the side pockets of my
bag I bring out nine candles — three white for the
Maid, three green for the Mother, and three black for
the Crone — and begin to place them in a circle
around Alice, whispering invocations as I go. In the
mirror, I see the tendril begin to writhe in unease. It
senses, somehow, the growing opposition. I pray we
do not set the storage room aflame.

The candles, each flame burning straight and hot
in response to my fervent request, create a warm
sanctuary in the middle of the room, pushing the
dankness away. Trusting that the sprinkler system in
this building is as ancient as the rest of the structure, |
light a smudge of incense and carry it around the circle
before placing it at Alice's feet. This is the best I can
prepare here and now. It has to be enough.

eee

With his head start and four legs, Sharpbite reaches
the Bane way before the rest of us. He slams into it with
the full force of his Hispo charge and immediately sets
to ripping out huge gobbets that shake like blood Jell-
Owhen they hit the ground. It does not bleed or quiver
with pain — the only evidence that the creature cares
about its missing pieces is its immediate counter-
attack. Sharpbite is quickly under assault by a dozen or
more barbed whips, and it is soon plain that the pointy
end isn't the only problem. The whips tear away fur
with a first strike, exposed skin on the next. With
enough time it looks like they could clean down to the
bone. It won't get that much time.

We're almost there. In seconds, I'll be able to cut
away the lashes harrying the stupid feral and we can try
this again. The seconds are not enough. I see the strike
—a barb raised high in the air, flashing downward like
the lunge of a cobra. The barb pierces right between
Sharpbite's shoulder blades and keeps going in while
the blackness wraps around his head and neck. With a
howl of pure panic, he turns and bolts from the fight,
trailing blackness behind him.

Istep into the circle and kneel at the woman's feet,
and place my hands around hers on the cup. Her body
spasms as the creeping blackness wills her away from
my touch, but her hands hold steady within mine.
Slowly, she looks up from the cup to my face. Now can
see the foreign darkness behind her eyes as it gathers

Legends of the Garou: Unity in Alterity


itself to fight. I try to pin it with my stare, but it is too
slippery for that.

"Tell me about your children." My tone is gentle
yet demanding. She shrinks back, denial flooding
through her face and pooling in her open mouth.
"No!" I command. Not that. There is time enough
later for admissions of guilt and shame. "Talk to me
about your children. Tell me why you love them."

eee

Battle is joined, and we're already one warrior
down. The thing's body is unarmored and soft, and
actually really fun to rip apart, but the constant belt-
sander assault of the whips takes the joy out of it. I
fend the attacks off with sweeps of my axe and tear
at the Wyrmling with claws and teeth, but the kids,
unarmed, aren't faring so well. Already their hands
are ripped raw from blocking the strikes, and every
other part of them is bleeding where they've failed.
This thing doesn't bleed or ooze or suffer one bit
from the damage we're doing. There's got to be a
vital spot somewhere.

eee

Each word is a struggle for her, as she hunts for
emotions that have been wrenched away and buried
beneath piles of spiritual excrement. "Chad. He chases
grasshoppers through the front yard. Not caught one
yet." Seconds, perhaps minutes pass. "He sleeps... when
he sleeps, he puts both arms up over his head. Like
angel wings."

"And your daughter?" I prompt. In the mirror
behind Alice, I see the appendage whipping back and
forth, trying to smother the memories that are begin-
ning to well up through the cracks. It fails; she finds
more. "Alyssa...she would reach up and pat my cheek
while she nursed. She has curls — little curls of hair
that get loose and tickle the inside of her ear."

eee

This fight is not going well. I told both of the
Cliath to stay by my side. In a fighting wedge we
could carve our way into this Wyrmling, each
shielded from attack by the others, until we found
some vital part to rip out of it. But the only tactic
these whelps know is the most basic, instinctive
wolfpack maneuver — attack from the flank and the
rear. Well, this thing doesn't have a flank or a rear
to nip and claw, and this bloated thing is cunningly
herding them further from me with its lashes and
needlings. I won't have time to get to them both.
Cursing, I make the choice to continue to fight into
this thing, to find its heart and rip it out before it
kills one of them — before it kills us all.

eee

Time passes. | cannot guess how long, but all I
can do is provide the comfort of another woman's
presence as Alice reclaims her children, rebuilding
the image of them in her mind from the pieces she
steals back from the Bane. With every whispered
memory she adds, the thing grows visibly weaker,
mistier, but its pulsing colors still carry the promise of
violence. Finally, the thing quivers and slumps loosely
around the increasing glow of the woman's spirit, still
anchored by its barbed tail.

There's a sudden break in the barrage of whips and
spearing barbs, like the Bane has lost its taste for this
fight. I can't imagine why — it's got us pretty well on
the ropes. Dashing blood from my eyes, | try to spot the
kids I dragged into this battle. Daniel has been speared
and wrapped in blackness. He's flailing, so overwhelmed
with terror that his blows fall on empty air as he saws
away at his own flesh. It's got Raychel, too, but she's
sunk to the ground, listless and cowed, as the barbs pick
away at her skin. The tentacles piercing them writhe
with putrid colors, and I finally get it— it manipulates
emotion. I won't see these kids die without a fight. But
the crescent moon, now almost gone, makes it hard to
tap the Rage I need. Cursing Gaia's enemy — as good
as a prayer here on the battlefield — I carve into the
beast again while I get this chance.

eee

"Listen to me, Alice." | snap her back from her
reverie. She must finish this now, before the creature
regains its strength. "You remember when Alyssa was
born? The pain, the pushing?" She nods, stronger now,
but frightened by my questions. "This will hurt far
more than that, Alice, because what's inside you now
is something that should not be there. But you can do
it, you are strong enough. Push it out, Alice."

On some level, she understands me. The same part
of her that sensed the wrongness and looked for help
takes command and struggles against the barb in her
soul. With one last tremendous push and a victorious
cry, Alice forces the barb out. As watch in the mirror,
the tendril whips backward into the darkness, recalled
to whatever evil spawned it. All that is left is Alice,
bloodied and raw. Newborn.

All ofa sudden, the bloated thing finds its will to
fight again. Something has seriously pissed it off —
anger literally rises from the beast like spores from a
kicked toadstool. Blows rain in from all sides. There's
no safe retreat, even if I'd take one. Out of the corner
of my eye, I see the barb coming in to spear and not
slash; it's every warrior's nightmare, the strike com-
ing that you know you can't block in time. I have just

Black Furies


enough time to wonder what this Wyrmling has
saved up for me.

Then the wave hits. It's staggering for a moment
— an emotion | haven't felt for so long that it takes
a moment to realize what it is. Helplessness. This
thing doesn't know the Furies very well. My response
is not resignation, but anger — pure Rage that finally
spills over to fill me with new strength. My axe comes
alive in my hands, and I fight without thought but
with fierce joy.

eee

Thold her as she cries, her tears a mixture of relief
and anguish. She knows what she has done. The
wounds to her and her children will take a long, long
time to heal. "I know a place you can go, Alice.
People who can help. They won't take your children
from you there."

She will go, | know, and my people can help her
learn again how to be a mother. Perhaps she will even
learn to share her strength with others, and join the
fight. |can hope. I was lucky to find her now, before the
damage was too deep. Before her children were in-
fected with hate and violence, with no supernatural

menace to fight off and make it all better. It feels good
to face the enemy, and win.
eee

I come to in the darkness of the Shadow at
dawn. A light bobs somewhere nearby. It comes
closer, then shines right in my eyes. I scowl; my
flashlight dims apologetically. Raychel is hovering
over me, looking like nothing more than a walking
scab. At least she's upright. There's a heavy weight
on me. Dead weight. I'd grin, but I think my lips are
gone. "Daniel?" I ask her.

She points. "Alive. But hurt bad."

My axe is still in my hand. I can turn it enough to
get the edge into something, then it slides with through
the blackened, rubbery flesh that buries me. I hand it
up to Raychel. "Here. Cut me out." She takes the labrys
gingerly by the leather-wrapped haft. She can't grin
right now either, but I can see the gleam in her eye

"Feels good, doesn't it?" She nods, and begins cutting
away with sure strok:

I get free and have Daniel wrapped up like a
mummy by the time Sharpbite slinks ba
back, tail down. He's expecting a rebuke, and Goddess

. His ears are

Legends of the Garou: Unity in Alterity

ya


knows he deserves it. "You ran. Do you know why that
happened?" I ask. He clearly does not. "It jerked
around emotions. Human emotions. The kind of emo-
tions you like to pretend you don't have. Get more used
to your two-legs, and maybe next time you won't run
on four."

He flinches back, then rises up to Crinos and
makes to pick up Daniel. Ferals are always so damn
literal. I wince and stand up. "No, let me do that. I'm
beat, so's Raychel. We're counting on you to find us
a safe way home." He slowly shrinks back down to
wolf size, but his tail is back up. We stumble home
by flashlight.

eee

I'mat home cooking dinner when a car pulls up. 1
hear Dian's footsteps on the porch. It's usually a bad
sign when she accepts a ride home, and sure enough,
she comes in all beat up. I'm at her side in a heartbeat,
but she slaps my hands away. "I'm fine," she says. "The
healers at the sept can tie a bandage just as well as you
can, y'know."

She lays her axe gently on the table, drops her sack
to the floor, and goes back to the porch to pull the
steaks from the grill. "Those aren't anywhere near
done," I say.

She snorts. "Like that matters." So much for cook-
ing dinner.

We're both starving. The steaks disappear, along
with a loaf of crusty bread for mopping up the blood
and juices. "You don't have to be back at the caern
tonight?" Dian shakes her head. "I need to get to sleep.
I've got an early day again tomorrow." She slides from
her chair and holds out her hand. It's warm beneath
the bandages, like always, as we make our way up the
stairs.

eee

I give in and ask Helena to take a look at my
wounds before we sleep. I lied, earlier. Her touch is far
more gentle and her hands far more skilled with a
needle than anyone else. "How am I gonna show off
without battle scars?" I growl.

She laughs. "How am I going to show off if you
have them?" She hums as she fixes up some hasty
sutures.

"You had a pretty good day today, didn't you?" I
ask.

Helena nods witha bright smile. "I got into a fight
today. In a way. Do you want to hear about it?"

"I'd love to," I answer, but a yawn comes that I
can'tstifle as I settle onto her shoulder. "Could you tell
me tomorrow?"

She pulls the covers up and finds an undamaged
spot of my forehead to kiss. Sleep comes quickly.

Black Furies



!

Oud

Authors: James Kiley, Ellen Kiley & Matthew
McFarland

Development & Additional Material: Ethan Skemp § RaG @ Aeros:
Mind's Eye Theatre Rules: Jess Heinig

Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by
Mark Rein® Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Rebecca Guay, Jeff Holt, Fred Hooper, Brian
LeBlanc, Ron Spencer

Art Direction, Layout & Cover Design: Aileen E.
Miles

Front Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh

Comtng Soon for Werenoff...

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
p SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, and World of Darkness are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion,
Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Tribebook Black Furies, A World of Rage, and
Werewolf Players Guide are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

10 Black Furies


IN ee
fax <a



Gods of the younger generation, you have ridden down
the laws of the elder time, tom them out of my hands
— Chorus, from the Eumenides

I should preface this text with an explanation. We
don't write down our legends like this. 1 mean the
Black Furies when I say "we," not the Garou — I'm sure
the Glass Walkers probably have websites or some
damned thing, and I don't doubt that the Get of Fenris
and Fianna claim to have 3,000-year-old runestones
chronicling their tribal lays. We don't, though. We
hold fast to the Wyld when we can, and we eschew the
Weaver and his works whenever we can.

I'm sorry, this text may bea little disjointed. I have
a lot to say. So, while I'm off on a side note: we revile
the Weaver, but we don't all prefer that term for him.
"Spider," maybe, or "Namer." Weaving is good work.
The Fates are weavers. What the Namer does isn't
weaving. It's calcification.

And remember, cub, or whoever reads this, that the
rest of the Garou Nation doesn't think of the Weaver
orthe Namer, or whatever —as male. Afterall, weaving
is good women's work, so they think of the Weaver as a
woman. | think we all know that the Triat is beyond
gender, but hereinafter] am going to refer to itas amale.
The Weaver doesn't create, it doesn't give birth. It has
no right to any claim on our gender.

Back to the subject of writing. Pure thought is
wordless. It comes out of the Wyld. Ask an infant

sometime, or a wolf. Oh! You can't: The Namer long
ago forced all of our communication into language and
words, and as he did that, he forced our minds into a
shape that only thought in language and words. Now,
we need language, and I suppose we should be thankful
to the Namer for it in some fashion. But it is still his.
And ifspoken language may be a thing of the Namer,
written language is undoubtedly his. Once again, it may
be useful, and it may even be necessary, but in some small
sense it is the tool of our enemy. Spoken words are airy;
they are temporary. Songs and story can live on the wind
and in your mind, and if youdie,no enemy can steal them.
In committing our most sacred legends to writing, many
fear that they an echo of them will reach the Namer.

However, the Apocalypse is almost upon us. We die,
faster than we can replenish our own numbers. Ancient
legends, stories, and rituals vanish as we do. Though I flee
the wrath of some of the eldest crones of our tribe in doing
so, I put our history into written form now. But let the
reader beware. To appease the strong right arms of some
of those crones, ] have agreed to sprinkle this text with
half-truths, omissions, and outright lies. If you are a Black
Fury and you want the truth of something you read here,
ask one of your sisters. If you are not, I suggest you tread
lightly to a Black Fury packmate or close friend, and

Chapter One: Avenging Claws 13

yen a i er en Ny

Ser err ere ore aren ie ar ener a re anrrenaserenav)

couch your question as respectfully as you can manage.
The tales below are not for all Garou.

These legends might bear little resemblance to the

history of the world you got from the idiot standing up
in front of your classroom as a child —ifin fact you had
the misfortune to be raised in their schools and the
patience to sit quietly and take your learning from their
books and teachers. Remember this: the Weaver has
written one history of the world, and given it names
and dates and worshippers. 1 do not speak of that
history. I speak of the truth.

The Earbat Days

Gaia, the Great Mother, the progenitor of us all,

created the Black Furies in the earliest days, after the
creation of the world and the madness of the Namer and
Wyrm. Youknow this story, I'm certain: the two youngest
of the Mother's triplets twisted into madness during their
youth, and have never quite returned tosanity. Unable to
feast adequately upon each other, the Namer and Wyrm
turned to their Mother, who was vast and all-encompass-
ing, and, with Her loyal eldest child's help, spawned new
life every day. The Namer and Wyrm took to fighting
over that new life and over the Mother's flesh; the Wyrm
tore great rents in Her flesh as the Namer paralyzed and
calcified Gaia's limbs. These wounds eventually drove
Gaia unconscious. She continued to give birth, even
unconscious: great Incarnae like Phoenix and Luna
emerged from Her flanks, and looked with horror upon
their elder siblings' depredations.

Tt was Luna — whom we also call Artemis — who

spied the Garou on Gaia's body. They did not instine-
tively understand their role, in those days, and since
these times predate the creation of mankind or wolves,

the

shapes they wore were confusing and misunder-

stood. The Garou thought of themselves as creatures
solely of the Wyld, changelings. Luna gently knelt
down and took the First Pack under her wing, teaching
them of Gaia and their true role as the Mother's
defenders. Soon there were many packs of Garou, and
Luna made certain each pack had a role.

In many ways, the firstpack of Furies—the Gorgons,

or Medusae — was nothing more than Gaia's uncon-
scious hand. If something on Her skin irritated Her, the
Gorgons scratched it. But we were more than that, too;
the Gorgons were all females, and they understood the
essential connection between Woman and the Goddess
better than any male or mixed pack could.

The first five Black Furies represented each of the

Garou auspices. The oldest of them was the New Moon,
Euryale, who was openly contemptuous of Man, calling
him the weaker sex and demanding that he be subju-
gated to serve Woman. Her younger sister was Helena,

Black Furies

14

a

een raf Pec MF PP

Another Syory

The Galliard Elizabeth Sharpaxe tells the tale
of creation somewhat differently:

"Tt is said that in the beginning, Gaia created
all things that live upon the Earth. She created
Man, She created Wolf; She created the Garou
half-Man, half-Wolf to walk between the worlds
and to be Her guardians. These things are true, but
they are not our story.

"Gaia's creations spread over the Earth and
lived their lives. As She reclined to listen, Her ears
filled with the sounds of life as She had dictated it
must be: the wails of the newborn, the low mutter
of daily existence, the cries of the dying. Then a
new sound reached Her above the din of creation,
asound that made Gaia shudder with anger. These
were the screams of the slain — not those who died
at the fullness of their days, but those cut down by
the hand or claw of their kin, those who should
provide comfort and protection. As fathers de-
voured children and sons slew mothers, the spirits
of the dead cried out to Gaia, and Gaia heard.

"We are Gaia's answer. From the soil of Her
Earth She formed us, from ground stained red by
the blood of the murdered. She created us female,
every one; She made us bearers of life so that we
might never take life thoughtlessly. She gave us
fur as black as night, so that the wicked might fear
our righteous wrath. She gave unto us a charge: to
hunt the kinslayers and other profaners of nature,
and so to protect our Mother.

"We are the daughters of Gaia, born of Her
body and of blood. We are vengeance. We are the
Black Furies."

the Theurge, who knew that subjugating Man would
only lead to his rebellion and Woman's eventual down-
fall. Stheno, the half-moon of the pack, was a mediator
and leader by her nature; her sisters called her "Mother"
only half-jokingly, as all respected her wisdom. Medusa,
the Artisan, invoked terrible songs of battle when the
pack engaged the forces of the Wyrm, and her Rage was
terrible to behold. The youngest and most beautiful of
the Gorgons was Isthmene, the Ahroun, who wielded a
labrys beaten from pure silver and was death to any who
dared raise a hand against her.

Our great-grandmothers and their tribe settled in
the lands around the Aegean Sea. In those days, the
tribe's totem spirit was Luna herself, in her guise as
Artemis — this would change later, as the number of
Garou grew so large that Luna could not spend her
time tending to just one tribe's welfare. The young

enim ace

|


Black Furies nurtured the Wyld places in their terri-
tory, battled Wyrm and Weaver spirits, occasionally
had spats with other tribes, and lived otherwise peace-
ful lives devoted to Gaia.

Finally, though, an interloper arrived, wearing the
sometime skins of the Garou.

Prchifory

The simple truth of human existence is that Man
has never understood Woman. Consider the very
earliest days of human awareness, say, a year after Gaia
created both. Man has a straightforward life. He wakes
up, he hunts, he kills, he brings home part of the kill to
his woman, they eat, the sun goes down, they go to bed,
they fuck — because, while Man and Woman might
not know why sex is fun, itis fun —and then they sleep.

Woman's life is much more complex, right from the
beginning; she obeys mysterious forces and urges, and
often behaves in ways Man does not understand, With
the phase of the moon she bleeds, and the blood brings
changes in personality — Man calls it irrationality.

Then one d
large, and even-
tually achild
forces

y Woman stops bleeding, and grows

its way out between her thighs. This is a violent,
painful process for Woman; not every woman sur-
vives childbirth in the first days. Imagine the shock of
the first man to discover that "his" woman has cre-
ated a new child, as if by magic! Woman has power.
Her womb is a dark and dangerous place, yet Man is
drawn back to it by emotions he cannot control or
understand. And that womb can create life itself.
Throughout nature, there is no obvious cause for the
creation of life, other than the turning of seasons: in
spring and summer animals and plants are plentiful,
and in fall and winter they are harder to find. A
woman might give birth in any season, and in another
year it could well happen again.

Some time passes before Man and Woman realize
that sex and childbirth are related. Maybe it takes
place when humans first domesticate animals and
notice that females kept separate from males never
give birth; maybe some kind-hearted Bone Gnz
Child of Gaia explains what's up. Certainly we wouldn't
have given that secret up, at least not to Man. We
might have passed it along to Woman, but of course,
human women might well tell their men the secret in
a weak moment. We'll never know for sure.

wer Or

Unfortunately, once Man learns of the connection
between sex and childbirth, he makes a couple of quick
calculations until he arrives at answers he likes. Man has
just learned how to domesticate animals, and he knows
how to farm a plot of land that
he'sclaimed ashisown. Own-
ership of


aA,

property isan attractive and novel idea to him. If Woman
can'thave the child withouthim firsthavingsex with her,
then, Man figures, the child must be his property. Youcan
see where this is going. If Woman is rolling around with
lots of men, Man can't be sure a given child is his. So he'd
better make sure to keep Woman under lock and key, so
that she can only have sex with him and his property
rights are carefully controlled.

Such kidnapping and rape — for that is what it must
have been, in those earliest days — caught the attention
of the ancient Black Furies. This activity clearly violated
the balance that Gaiacreated between Manand Woman,
and it was an outrage that we could not tolerate.

Thus, we perversely believe, began the Impergium.
Noother tribe, except perhaps the Red Talons, will lay
claim to having begun the Impergium. We won'tshout
it from the rooftops; this secret is not for the other
tribes, but rather only for the Black Furies. Our ances-
tors knew they could not stop the spread of this
concept — that the child and woman belong to the
man, as a shovel does. But we could certainly exact

Fatherhood and the Vaprtarch

Inancient days the most obvious link between
any human and her family's past came through the
mother. The mother was the family's past, as far as
most children were concerned. The concept of
patriarchy — fatherhood — complicated that
situation. Freud had a pretty good idea of what was
going on, back acentury ago: the father is the first
person tocome between the mother and infant; he
is the primary competition for the mother's affec-
tion. The father loused up a pretty simple system
of descent, from mother to daughters.

The Patriarch — the spirit that personifies
this interloper, and later grows so strong — first
intruded on human affairs at this point in history.
Unlike many of my sisters, I don't think of the
Patriarch as an unrelenting force of darkness and
evil. The anima and animus should be equal, and I
have no problem with a Patriarch that is equal in
humans' minds to a Goddess. The problem is that
the two aren't equal in most humans' lives.

The Patriarch is not the Weaver: don't listen
to anyone who tells you otherwise, as they obvi-
ously weren't listening as a child. The Patriarch
also isn't necessarily the Judeo-Christian God,
though he might be. There is no question that he
has affected both of those spirits, and in turn been
affected by human and Garou perceptions of each.
But he is a separate entity — if in fact the sky-God
of the Jews, Muslims, and Christians exists.

vengeance on behalf of the women, trapped inasystem
they did not ask for. The vengeance that we brought
inspired the ancients' myths of the Furies, vicious wild
women that slew those who violated the gods' laws.

During the Impergium, some human tribes migrated
far away from our homeland between the Aegean and
Black Seas; over time, they moved literally thousands of
miles away. This wandering stems from the Wyld urge in
humans: spread out, make new things. It is also the
Weaver urge: discover, name, plunder. Many tribes of
Garou left with the wanderers: Get of Fenris to the north,
Fianna to the west, Shadow Lords to the east, and Silent
Striders to the south. Three tribes in particular left with
the furthest-ranging tribes: the wards of Turtle, the chil-
dren of the cannibal winter spirit Wendigo, and the
followers of the water-serpent Uktena. We would not
hear from those three for thousands of years,

The men never really figured out why we had such
anger for them, and eventually the other tribes con-
vinced the Black Furies to lay down their labryses and
join them in ending the Impergium. Some of our aunts
and grandmothers refused to do so; these women are the
progenitors of the camp we call the Bacchantes today.

With the end of the Impergium, human population
boomed, and the apes wrapped themselves in tools of
the Namer to protect themselves from the unpredict-
able power of Gaia. We didn't realize, back then, that
the Namer would be as much a foe as the Wyrm, for his
power was more subtle than the great serpent's.

Early humans may not have understood the divi-
sions of the spirit world, but they still understood that
the Mother Goddess was the most worthy of worship.
Those humans had particular reverence for the Mother's
dark places, Her womb.

Chthonic earth-goddess worship can be seen in
myths and legends throughout the world. From the
Hittites' Lelwani, goddess of the underworld, to the
Babylonian Ishtar, the goddess of fertility and sexuality,
human myth reflects the male half of the race's inability
to cope with the primal nature of women. Caverns,
tunnels, and tombs in the Earth all echo humans'
mystification regarding their personal origins; humans'
early obsession with these places shows a desire to return
to fertile Mother Gaia's womb, as well.

Humans were not alone in this: the Wyrm and
Namer, too, wished to return to their loving Mother's
womb. Lacking procreative abilities of their own, both
obsess with Gaia's living children and Herfertility. Why
else, after all, would we encounter the most dangerous
creatures to spawn from both those monsters buried
deep within the earth, as Thunderwyrms or worse things?

16 Black Furies

i —_——

ceaseless:


Greece

The Titans, the progenitors of the Greek pan-
theon of gods, were all nearly perfect beings: they
sprang from the marriage of earth and sky, literally,
Gaia and Uranus (probably some personification of
the Patriarch spirit, or maybe the Namer himself, I
don't know — you have no idea how much of this stuff
I'm making up as I go). Uranus then sentenced his
offspring to imprisonment underground (Underground!
He stuffed them back into the womb! The classic
desire of the male when faced with an unexpected or
unwanted pregnancy or childbirth!). When they freed
themselves, their eldest brother, Cronus, took charge.

The Greeks don't talk much about the times when
Cronus ruled the Titans and they strode over human-
ity. Our legends — which tell us that the Titans were
either exceptionally powerful humans, or powerful
spirits manifest in the Realm — speak of the Titans'
Age as a time of peace and prosperity. Composed as
they were of a perfect balance between male and
female, sky and earth, the Titans created beauty and
joy for all their worshippers. The Black Furies lived in
peace and accord with the Titans and their people;
Cronus's family knew Gaia's laws as well as we did, and
we rarely came into conflict with the Titans when we
had to perform our sacred duties.

Eventually Cronus's son Zeus, a sky-god, rose up in
rebellion against him, andZeusandhis siblings castall the
Titans into a deep pit in the underworld (Again with the
underworld! The Greeks had issues). The sky-gods of the
Greeks took up residence on a high mountaintop and
ruled their humancharges from there. Aswith the Titans,
our legendry does not indicate whether the Olympians
were powerful humans, Incarnae, or other beings — I
believe them to have been Incarnae, myself, but many of
my sisters speak of them as powerful wizards. We had no
love for the family of Zeus — and events surrounding
Clytemnestra's death did not endear them to us — but
Luna herself walked among them in the guise of Artemis.
She often spoke on our behalf before the Olympians.

Aenging Qyfermeattra

Go read the Oresteia. Come back here when you're
done. Oh, for the love of the Goddess, is the library
that far away?

All right. Here's the ten-cent version: The Greeks
feel like they need to sack Troy to take back Helen, who
ran off with Paris. He was a man, not a city. Kids these
days. They pile into their boats, but there is no wind —
and, I guess, they don't have suitable oars or anything.
They hang around there for a long while, waiting for a

good wind, but nothing happens. Finally, Calchas, one
of Agamemnon''s wise men, sees an omen of some sort

Se sence rs ereseren ree a en me

that apparently means the navy needs to make a sacri-
fice to Artemis. Agamemnon, who leads the navy,
decides that the most appropriate sacrifice would be his
daughter, Iphigeneia. I don't know why he reaches this
conclusion. We'll talk more about that later.

So, Agamemnon kills Iphigeneia, sacrifices her to
Artemis. Loand behold, we have wind. The ships sail for
Troy. There'sa titanic struggle at Troy. After more than
a decade, the Trojans fall for the old Trojan Horse
gambit, which I suppose wasn't that old a gambit at the
time, and the city falls. The Greeks do some damage.
Agamemnon returns home, and Clytemnestra (his wife
and Iphigeneia's mother) is rightfully ticked off about
her daughter's sacrifice, even ten years later. With the
help of her lover, Clytemnestra kills Agamemnon.

Okay, so far we're even: dead daughter, dead
father. Good. But then Orestes gets involved. He is
Iphigeneia's brother, and he's very angry with
Clytemnestra, who, as he sees it, killed Agamemnon so
that she could continue to carry on with her lover. He
kills Clytemnestra.

This is where we make ourcameo in Greek history.
The Furies wander onstage at this point, to punish
Orestes for the crime of matricide. Our warriors chase
him across the Aegean for a while, until he turns
himself in, in Athens, to stand trial for his crime.
Athena —a sky-goddess if ever there was one — casts
the deciding vote to spare Orestes' life. To mollify the
Furies, they are given a permanent position adminis-
tering justice in Athens, and become known as the
Eumenides, the "kindly ones."

There's Aeschylus' version of what happened.
Here's what really took place:

Agamemnon's man saw an omen, a warning from
Luna— Artemis — about the dangers that might await
him. The people of Troy had allies among the Garou
and human sorcerers, and Luna knew that Agamemnon
would somehow become wrapped up in the fate of the
prophetess Cassandra. As Agamemnon was generally a
just and wise king, Luna had some affection forhim, and
wished to spare him the pain of war and its aftermath,

Agamemnon didn't have to sacrifice Iphigeneia.
His wise man misunderstood the omen Artemis pro-
vided — not surprising, given the masculine separa-
tion from the natural world and its symbology. How-
ever, Agamemnon was impatient to sail on Troy, and
when his counsel suggests that a suitable sacrifice
might be in order, he marched to his own home,
wrenched his daughter from her mother, and sacrificed
her life to his own need for war.

Most of the rest of the story is accurate as we see it.
Agamemnonsailed for Troy, fought there for ten years,
and eventually returned home, with Cassandra in tow.

Chapter One: Avenging Claws 17

me a er re ce ran re mY

2 eee eee oe rn Se LL ore Sr Pema rerTeh

ae AA

Cassandra warned Agamemnon that he was in grave
danger, but he ignored her, and regretted that when
Clytemnestra killed him. Orestes found out what
Clytemnestra had done and killed her. This matri-
cide caught the attention of the Black Furies, and
we chased Orestes through the Aegean until he
threw himself on the mercy of Athens.

I'd like to make a snarky side comment
about Athena here. Now, I know there are plenty
of Black Furies who revere Athena, the wise mistress
of war and crafts, but frankly I can't believe they
bother. Look: she's a sky goddess — her symbol is the ,
Owl — and not only does she reject sex in all its
forms, but she sprang from the head of her father!
How's that for rejecting everything important about 4
the Goddess? It gives me pain to dwell upon this, so f
I'll get back to my topic.

The Furies finally hounded Orestes to Athens,
where he threw himself on the mercy of the courts. In
those days, spirits consorted more openly with mortal
men and women, and the legends say that the Incarna
Athena sat in judgment over Orestes. I'm not sure the
legends are right; | don't know anyone who can chan-
nel the ancestor-spirits of the Garou that were there,
so can't easily verify the stories. So Athena might not
have been an Incarna; she may have been a wise
woman of the city, ora wizard, or—I find this prospect
charming — a vampire. Regardless, Athena cast the
deciding vote to spare Orestes' life, after the other
judges were evenly split. The Oresteia says that she did
so because the father's life is worth more than the
mother's, and so Orestes was justified in killing his

mother to avenge his father. Given my general opin- so
0 z
7

ion of Athena, this doesn't surprise me, but again, |
have no way to verify her reasoning. I'm only certain
that Orestes survived.

In response to this outrage, a pack of Furies — one
of those most outraged by the survival of Orestes —
seized a role in administering justice in Athens for nigh

Dek
on a century. The authorities in Athens didn't have i yy) y
much of a choice about this: our sisters proclaimed, at SA

the end of Orestes' trial, that they no longer trusted the S
Athenians to mete out justice fairly and intelligently. 4
For a pristine century, wifebeaters, rapists, and other
criminals against women and Gaia found their justice in
tooth and claw. Our tribal epics speak wistfully of this
time, one not matched since. Eventually, however,
other battles grew prominent in our grandmothers' eyes,
and they drifted away from Athens.
Oh, the humans did call our sisters "The Kindly
Ones," in Athens. But they did it for the same reason
others called the fae the "Fair Folk." They were right-
fully terrified of our wrath.

Leberophon avd Pagans

You may recall my mentioning that for a long while
Artemis herself was the totem spirit of the Black Furies.
The surviving spirits of the First Daughters, the Gorgons,
aided her—save for Medusa, who had not yet fallen victim
toage. Yes, | am aware that this suggests that Medusa lived
for thousands of years. I don't pretend that the ancient
Furies were the relatively frail creatures that we are today.
Perhaps you could entreat a Theurge to help you take this
up with Medusa herself, should you disagree with thou-
sands of years of oral tradition. You might have some
difficulties with that...but I'm getting ahead of myself.

Artemis' involvement with the Black Furies
changed with the death of Medusa, the last surviving
Gorgon. No longer could Artemis claim to be able to
spend the necessary resources on tending to our tribe's
needs. No, from Medusa's corpse, Artemis coaxed
Pegasus into existence, to act as a surrogate parent for
the Black Fury tribe.

Athena, envious of Artemis, sent her pawn
Bellerophon to familiarize Pegasus with the physical
realm and the Furies' homeland. Bellerophon took a
dominant position over Pegasus — something the adult
Pegasus might never allow, but which the child-spirit
had no way to avoid. Bellerophon rode the sleek, black,
winged horse through the skies over the Aegean and
Black Seas for days ata time. Bellerophon's own conflict
with the Red Talons brought Pegasus into battle against
Chimera, and Fury against Talon in support.

Over time, though, Pegasus realized that
Bellerophon was a glory-hound, with his own gratifi-

Pagatur: Phe, She, or If?

It seems odd that the Black Furies, a tribe so
powerfully aware of the spiritual ramifications of
sexuality and gender roles, follow a tribal totem
whose gender is often called into question. Some-
times werewolves call Pegasus "he," sometimes
"she," sometimes "it"; this is true of all Garou who
follow Pegasus, not just the Furies.

The story of Bellerophon "gelding" Pegasus is
a popular one among the Furies, as it implies that
Pegasus has no sexual identity because "he" can-
not. It certainly might be true. However, the
totem's lack of a clear gender also gives it a unique
role among its favored tribe; it is neither father nor
mother, and thus can act as patron without invok-
ing either of these archetypes. Given the amount
of importance Black Furies associate with the roles
of father and mother, this is probably for the best,
as Pegasus can aid its favored tribe without usurp-
ing a role that it doesn't quite deserve.

a

So

cation far outranking Pegasus's education or the
causes of the Black Furies or indeed Gaia Herself in
importance. Our totem began to rebel against his
rider, first subtly, and then more openly, trying to
throw the Greek while the two flew over the Straits
of Bosporus. Bellerophon attributed this "misbehav-
ior" as a sign that Pegasus had become too strong-
willed as an adult stallion, and he took a typical
human response: he gelded the great horse.

This enraged Pegasus, but he bided his time until
the injury had healed; the next time that Bellerophon
took Pegasus to the skies, Pegasus did throw the man to
his death, before returning to a Black Fury caern and
declaring that neveragain would he — or they —bend
the knee to a human male. To the Furies' surprise,
however, Pegasus also decreed that the Furies should
cease to slaughter their male metis, instead insisting
that they be given a place in the tribe in accordance
with their proud heritage and Fury bloodline.

Lied Thwart

It's hard for me to justify wasting breath on the
Black Furies' activities in the times and places de-
scribed in the Jewish and Christian bibles, but I figure
lought to give you some ammunition in case you bump
into a bible-thumper with the courage of his convic-
tions and the ability to stand you down.

The earliest days described in the Bible are posi-
tively barbaric. The only reason the Black Furies didn't
scour these bastards from the planet was that they
weren't in our stomping grounds for quite some time.
I guess the Silent Striders and Glass Walkers must have
coddled them. That latter one fits, | suppose: patriar-
chy is a tool of the Weaver, and so are the Glass
Walkers. In any case, women are portrayed as property
in the Old Testament. Consider the Book of Exodus
and the end of the Ten Commandments: "You shall
not covet your neighbor's house. You shall not covet
your neighbor's wife, or his manservant or maidser-
vant, his ox or donkey, or anything that belongs to
your neighbor." Hm. Women get higher status than
donkeys, but lower than houses. Lot was acclaimed as
an honorable man after offering to turn his two daugh-
ters out of his home so they could be gang-raped by an
angry mob. Charming people, these.

Adam exerts his power over Eve by naming her —
and naming, as we have discussed, is part of the
purview of the Weaver. The alleged first male uses
Weaver-magics to subdue Woman. Yes, my heart
swells up with love. Now, I realize that these stories —
and there are dozens like them, just read the book some
time if you can manage it — weren't written as they
happened, but rather were based on old legends and

Chapter One: Avenging Claws 19

meray

|

Sr rvs erase caren eerie Arran a rem marerenn are

a AA

myths. So they may not have happened as written.
Some of them we're sure didn't happen that way, as
Gaia hasn't made mention of a Jehovah gliding around
shaping the Tellurian when She wasn't paying atten-
tion. But the point is that even if the stories in the Old
Testament didn't happen the way the Bible presents
them, the authors and the worshippers who take the
stories as literal truth are certainly guilty of abusive
levels of prejudice.

Although, as I said above, the lands of the eastern
Mediterranean were not our tribal territory, certain
crimes — the rape of Lot's daughters in Sodom, for
instance — did call out to us, over thousands of miles.
Oh, yes, I know, the Book of Genesis doesn't say that
Lot did turn his daughters over to the mob, only that
he offered to, but that's not the way we hear the story.
He assuredly turned them over to the mob, and that
got our sisters' attention. They descended on Sodom
via Moon Bridge. The city was destroyed that night,
like Genesis has it, but it wasn't fire from the hands
of the Lord; it was the black storm of dozens of
Bacchantes tearing stone from mortar and burning
everything they could find.

We don't have as great a problem with the New
Testament. That Christ fellow sounds like he wasn't
an altogether bad guy, though I think his words have
led to a little too much glorification of victimhood.
Suffering for suffering's sake isn't honorable or useful.
But you're a Black Fury. You know that.

I sent this part of the document past Sister Mary
Windhowl, one of the Order of Our Merciful Mother.
She sadly agreed with a lot of it, but asked me to include
the following:

Not every woman portrayed in the Old Testa-
ment is a possession or a whore. One in particular
comes to mind as a counterexample. In Judges 4 and
5, Deborah is the leader — maybe just a judge at first,
but by Judges 5 the true leader — of the Israelites, and
leads them to victory in battle against the Canaanites.
She doesn't submit to men's authority, and is de-
scribed as "the mother of Israel"; her reign isa time of
victory, and then peace, throughout Israel.

Plenty ofexamples of strong women can be found
in the Old Testament if you know where to look. The
mother of Moses and the midwives of that day went
to great lengths to ensure that newborn sons would
not be turned over to Pharaoh for slaughter. Huldah,
Miriam, Noadiah, and others are listed as Prophet-
esses, reminding us that the voice of greater wisdom
did not choose only from among men.

20 Black Furies

8 ee

TP Fal of Rome, foe
LirkA yes, avd fe Church

I'm not a historian. And even if I were, I don't
have a lot of affection for the Namer's history books.
Some of this may not match what you've heard in
school. I'm telling it like our aunts and grandmothers
tell it. You got a problem, you take it up with them.

The end of Rome was just the beginning of Chris-
tianity. Starting in the late days of the Roman Empire,
this cult, which admixed Patriarch-worship with good
stuff about peace and self-sacrifice, began to spread
throughout the Mediterranean basin and into Europe.

Now, this was fine, at first; I'm told the cult of
Mithras spread throughout the Roman Empire, and
the Romans' sky gods, which were stolen from the
Greeks' sky gods, were also fairly ubiquitous during the
Empire. So, one sky god cult replaces another sky god
cult. They had the usual neuroses: all male clergy, no
sex for the holy men (at least officially), that sort of
thing. Eventually the Emperors of Rome started to
favor this cult over their former state-sanctioned pa-
gan stuff. By this point their state religions had lost any
real connection to the Goddess, so it wasn't like there
was a huge loss of adherents to Gaia's ways as a result
of that conversion. So far, no problem.

Except that the priests of this particular sky god
quickly went from harmless peaceniks to "convert or
die" sorts of guys. They began traveling through the
woods to otherwise peaceful villages and co-opting the
villages' leadership, threatening harmless earth-lov-
ing witches with dismemberment, tromping on holy
days, and soon. You might imagine that we didn't have
a lot of affection for them, and you would be right.
They even managed to convert some fairly wild bar-
barians, the Vandals and Goths and their cousins. So
when Rome did fall to the barbarians of the East
(something we welcomed) Christianity didn't die.

Most of us took up arms against the Church in
some form round about the beginning of the seventh
century. We weren't always blatant; sometimes we just
made a point of ruining Christians' crops or gobbling
up their game animals. More often, though, we tar-
geted priests and their men who tormented or impris-
oned wise women in villages and forced conversion
away from the worship of Gaia. Do not forget that the
Black Furies are the incarnation of Gaia's vengeance:
we have little patience for eunuchs who trample the
right and true law of the world.

Churches burned, churchmen died. It couldn't last,
of course; within just a few centuries all of Europe was
nominally a Christian land. Even then we acted against


the Church: in those days the forces of the Patriarch and
the Namer were our greatest enemies. Shut your mouth:
I said "in those days" and I meant it. The Wyrm might
be ourgreatest enemy now, but all of our legends say that
its power was far less than what we see today. The
Weaver, not the Wyrm, has been the constant threat.

These were the days that the Order of Our Merci-
ful Mother came into being. The Order really began
when a remote Fury Kin entered an abbey as a nun.
This sister, whose name has been lost to us, kept in
touch with her cousins and family by letter, and she
spoke of her own devotion to the Virgin Mother and
the many good works that her abbey was responsible
for. Word of this eventually reached a pack of Furies
more interested in good works than in the violent
dismemberment of "Weaver tools."

Showing a degree of subtlety not frequently seen
among our sisters, this pack convinced the local cleri-
cal authorities that they truly wished toserve God, and
they, too, were admitted to the abbey. This pack, soon
referring to itself as the Order of Our Merciful Mother,
gained great influence within the Church and the tribe
as other packs slowly joined their cause. The Order of
Our Merciful Mother worked throughout the centu-
ries to reform the Roman Catholic Church — and
many of its spin-offs and children-churches — and to
help venerate the strong female image of the Virgin
Mother. They haven't always succeeded, but they have
always been able to feed information on Church activ-
ity to the rest of the tribe when it really mattered.

The Amazons of Diana and the Bacchantes (which
were even more militant back then) at that time didn't
particularly welcome the Order or their information;
given the image of nuns as "brides of God," the two other
camps saw the Order as traitors to Gaia. Plenty of blood
was shed over the next few decades, until a crone pack of
Freebooters — arguably neutral in this matter — volun-
teered to hold peace talks between the camps. When the
talks were over, the groups were no longer at war, but to
this day | know that there is not much love between them.

The Rte of liam

One movement among the humans deserves addi-
tional attention. In the lands of southwest Asia, an
offshoot of the Judeo-Christian faith called Islam sprang
up during the early 7* century. A wealthy young man
called Muhammad founded this religion; its tenets cen-
tered on the responsibility of humans to one another, and
humanity's universal brotherhood. So far, so good. How-
ever, when it came to the status and treatment of women,
Islam was no better than its spiritual ancestors, Judaism
and Christianity. Women had no control over their own
marriages or bodies, and were forced to hide themselves
from men, behind shapeless robes and veils.

eee eee

See

Women were, in short, property. A man could
divorce a woman simply by saying "I divorce you" three
times, while a woman generally could not get a divorce
of her own will. Polygamy was common; having many
wives was a sign of high status. A woman could inherit
property, but received only half the share that male
heirs received. Similarly, a woman's testimony at trial
had only half the legal weight of a man's testimony.

Preoccupied as we were with the Christian church
in Europe, the Black Furies paid little attention to
Arabian lands until the Europeans went to war with
them. Once the Crusades started, some Freebooters
turned their attention south and east, toward Arab
lands. The traditional territory of the Silent Striders
and a few other tribes, this area had many unclaimed
sites of power that our aunts opened as Black Fury
caerns. The Freebooters could not always hold such
caerns, of course; other tribes moved in to join the
Furies in the caerns' custody, or seized them by force.
Some caerns were even stolen by mortal wizards, who
drained them for unknown nefarious purposes. In the
end tally, we have never been a force in Arabian lands,
but we occasionally make our presence known there.

One real downside of the strife between the Order
of Our Merciful Mother and the Amazons and Bac-
chantes was that some higher-ups in the Church
became aware that "unholy things" stalked the night.
Some were known to bloodily dismember nuns, after
all, and wore bare breasts, fangs, and claws.

Obviously — to them — these women must be
witches and servants of the Devil. Okay, if you're not
familiar with Christianity's devil myth, imagine the
Horned God, only with everything good about that
archetype turned upside down. He's the tempter, the
destroyer, the wickedest being that ever lived, and
provider of black magic. The general assumption, even
by the hard core today, is that witches are in league
with this Devil and therefore need to be killed.

Come the fourteenth century and the Inquisition
gets started in earnest. This is a bad time for us — not
as bad, I'm told, as it was for the vampires, who
allegedly provoked it even more than we did, and got
hoist on their own petard, but pretty bad nonetheless.
To Christians, Gaian ritual may as well be satanic
witchcraft, when they're not purloining it for their
own holidays, of course... Our families practiced —
still practice — Gaian ritual every day, and on plenty
of occasions a pack of Furies will show up and join the
festivities. These were the first villages and families
pointed out as witches. They weren't the last, unfortu-
nately; superstition, rumor, and malice sent Inquisitors

Chapter One: Avenging Claws 21

ery

|

|

to the doorsteps of hundreds of women who were
neither pagans nor Gaians.

On the other hand, we were willing to fight back.
I like to believe that my grandmothers and aunts
fought with style and panache, and scared the shit out
of dozens of pathetic villagers with pitchforks and
branding irons. We got our loved ones out of the most
dangerous areas and protected the ones at risk.

Few Black Furies were ever putto the torch, honestly.
Many of my sisters want to believe that the Church put
werewolves to death by the hundreds, but I just can't find
records or legends that point to that. Kinfolk? Yes, scores
of Kinfolk died. But few of us did. It just doesn't make
sense that we would. Vampires? Yes, look, vampire, find
one, hold it off witha cross, set iton fire, poof, no vampire.
Werewolf? Find one, hold out your cross, lose your left
arm, get outa torch, lose your right arm, anyone else? We
have plenty of things to stoke our anger; let's not add a
martyr complex that we don't need.

Our grandmothers did the best they could to keep
their Kinfolk safe from the Inquisition. An accidental
response was the formation of the Sisterhood, which
could best be described as an early Underground Rail-
road. Furies spirited wise women and Kinfolk out of
areas under the oppression of the Inquisition asstealthily
as they could, and took them to safe places.

The Inquisition lasted long enough, in various
forms, that those Furies and Kinfolk that became
closely involved with getting their sisters to safety
became a more formal organization: today their de-
scendants are known as the Sisterhood camp of the
Furies. Owing to its origins, the Sisterhood has always
incorporated more Kinfolk than the other camps have;
it depends on its network of fences, smugglers, and
border-hoppers to operate.

The Renakvance

Humankind did plenty of wonderful things be-
tween the end of the so-called Dark Ages and the rise
of the modern era. I just don't know much about it. It's
a couple of centuries that weren't all that noteworthy
to the Black Furies. The Weaver's power rose —a rise
that we fought against as best we could — but the Wyld
did not decline too slowly. The Renaissance was a time
for the Glass Walkers and the Bone Gnawers.

Honestly, I believe the Namerand his children would
have even more influence today had it not been for our
work during the Renaissance. Black Furies in the Order of
Our Merciful Mother gently pulled monks with a schol-
arly bent away from the Namer's embrace; those among
the Freebooters and the Sisterhood carved out Wyld
places in burgeoning Renaissance cities; and Galliards of
all camps kept stories of greener days in humans' memo-

2

; i ———

a 277 ee

ties. Who knows what kind of cybernetic nightmare we
might be living in today were it not for those sisters?

Retyrn fo fle America

Much of what follows I have gleaned through invoking
one of my ancestor-spirits, Deborah the Bulletproof. She
knows what I am doing with the information I have leaned;
she does not entirely approve.

The Pure Ones — those Garou who traveled to the
Americas with their Kin tribes tens of thousands of
years ago — mostly remained out of touch. Our ances-
tors remembered that the three "Brother Tribes" lived
ina far-off land, and paid them respect from a distance,
but we had plenty of land to worry about across Europe
and Asia. Africa was off-limits even then, of course —
the Garou had never quite fought to the heart of that
wild continent during the War of Rage, and the other
shapechangers who lived there had long memories and
good reason to hate us. And even the wildest Freeboo-
ters were only dimly aware that Australia existed.

Rumors abounded that moon bridges connected
the most powerful caerns of the Pure Lands with those
in Europe and Asia, but those bridges were closed to us
at the far end, and the rare headstrong pack that
charged through with a War Bridge did notreturn. The
omens did not indicate that the Pure Lands had fallen
to the Wyrm, so we simply assumed that the Brother
Tribes wanted to be left alone. Imagine, then, our
surprise around the beginning of the sixteenth century
when our Kinfolk heard rumors that the humans,
unaided, had found a land across the Atlantic.

It was remarkably difficult for a pack of Black Furies
to reach the shores of North America by boat unaided.
Although the Inner Calyx is said to have debated the
matter for weeks, they eventually decreed that no War
Bridges would be opened to assault the tribes of North
America. Instead, several packs of Furies infiltrated the
ranks of the Poor Sisters of Saint Clare, a group of
Catholic nuns with the intention of founding monaster-
ies in the New World. The first several of these monas-
teries failed, incidentally; no doubt because a few expe-
ditions counted half a dozen Black Furies among their
number, and lost the work those Sisters would have
represented upon arrival on foreign shores.

The Freebooters of this time leave stories of vast
landscapes unspoiled by the touch of Man's hand. At
the same time, however, they tell us of dozens of Wyld
places and Glades left undefended by the Croatan,
Uktena, and Wendigo. The Pure Ones had lived for so
long without any serious threat from the Wyrm that
they left beautiful and sacred sites without so much as
a pack to protect them from such encroachment. Our
ancestors tell us that they did not leave such a state of

Black Furies

apie:


affairs alone for long; they quickly seized a likely caern
in what is now Pennsylvania, opened it, and estab-
lished a moon bridge to the Sept of Bygone Visions. A
pack of sisters came through the bridge to help defend
the caern and act as ambassadors to the lost three
tribes, should they show their muzzles.

To give the Croatan credit, it took them only
one night to discover our transgression; a dozen
or so Garou arrived at dawn. Some were warriors
and wore the war-form, while others were obvi-
ously diplomats. They still spoke the old tongue,
the Mother's tongue; they called us Wyrmcomers
and commanded us to leave their "Pure Lands." We
refused, but neither tribe was willing to raise klaive
against the other right away. A sort of détente arose
within a few hours; the Croatan fell back, out of
sight of the caern, and returned the next day
with a new reason that we should leave the
Pure Lands. Our Philodox responded with
carefully worded refusals to do so, perhaps
reminding the Croatan of their inability to
adequately defend all of the lands within
their protectorate. The Croatan would nod at
this, fall back, and return the next day. This
state of affairs continued for a week, until a
powerful Wyrm-creature — one of the first such
seen in these lands for millennia — attacked the
Furies' caern. The Croatan joined in its defense,
and in the aftermath of the fight declared a
peace, in light of our ancestors' obvious dedi-
cation to exterminating the Wyrm's minions
wherever they might lair.

Similar scenes repeated themselves
throughout the next century, and they did
not always end in the death of Wyrm-
creatures and peace between Black Furies
and Pure Ones. It took decades for the
Pure Ones to trust the Black Furies — and
the Croatan's sacrifice certainly did not
speed that process. It took centuries
nother friend.
Today we have a tenuous peace
with the Wendigo (more than
many other tribes can say); the
Uktena are allies. We mourn the
Croatan as lost cousins.

The Atwazon

One of the things I find most
frustrating when dealing with mem-
bers of other tribes is that so many of
them are idiots. For instance, a few
weeks ago | was having an interesting
conversation about national

for us to call one <


|

healthcare systems with a Glass Walker of my acquain-
tance when the topic shifted tothe war in South America.
I noted that it was important to me, and she replied,
"Well, sure, I would think it would be, with the Amazon
River being down there and you all being Amazons and
such." I don't want to think about what the look on my
face must have been; she changed the subject.

The Black Furies first moved into South America
with Spanish and Portuguese missionaries. The majority
of those were sisters of the Order of Our Merciful Mother,
but plenty of other Furies, particularly Freebooters, at-
tached themselves to Latin settlers across the Americas
and moved south as they did. Our aunts and cousins were
among the first to encounter the (apparently terrifying)
werecats of the Amazon jungle, and the first to develop
extensive Kinfolk webs among the humans of South
America. They were also the first to report the decima-
tion of the Amazon jungle to the Western Concordat,
and have been one of the few tribes able to reliably keep
peace with the werebeasts of the rainforest. The Freeboo-
ters still have clashes with the werecats, lam told, but that
is because they are pretty fanatical about finding pure
areas and establish their own defenses, regardless of
occupation by other werebeings.

Jibhite

The greatest internal political conflict within the
Black Fury tribe took place not long after American
Furies reached a tenuous peace with the Wendigo,
Croatan, and Uktena. Put simply, the Inner and Outer
Calyxes could not cope well with the prospect of the
sheer size of the Americas as apparently empty land. Few
packs of Furies were sent to the Americas — some to
missions in Mexico (including lands we now think of as
Texas and California) and others to the East Coast. Not
enough Garou were available to fill up North America
in the same way that the Western Concordat occupied
the wild parts of Europe and West Asia.

The guiding mothers of our tribe did not wish to
assign numbers of Furies to the Americas, because the
land was such an unknown quantity and, apparently,
was safe enough. But we found danger right from the
start: Wyld-spirits run crazy, newly awakened Wyrm
and Weaver-spirits, other shapeshifters full of hate for
us and our ways, and more damned vampires than
you'd think. Additionally, the Europeans had obvi-
ously brought their own evil with them. The Pure
Ones' name for the European humans, "Wyrmbringers,"
rings truer than I wish it did.

I digress. American Furies wanted more support
from European Furies, and more freedom from the
dictates of the Inner and Outer Calyx — this was anew
land, and the rules were not the same. The European
Furies disagreed with this assessment, and wanted to

24 Black Furies

a

a 27 el

Compmensary

While building up the list of legends I wanted to hit
here, I discussed the Schism with one of my elders, a
Crone calling herself Helga Daggersblade. I suppose my
tone of voice made it clear whom I blamed for the Schism.
Here, in the interests of fairness, is Helga' side of things:

The Wyrm has always been strong in Europe,
and the Weaver even moreso. The American
Furies insist to this day that the Calyx refused to
send warriors where they were obviously needed,
but the truth, if you hear the legends I hear, is that
the tribe couldn't spare any more packs to traipse
acrossa huge, largely Wyrm-free land. The Uktena,
Croatan and Wendigo obviously already had things
well in hand, and the seventeenth and eighteenth
centuries were rife with Wyrm activity across
Europe. The Calyx simply couldn't spare anyone
—no packs lounged around inactive, Gaia knows.

continue to watch over packs as they wished, keeping
most in Europe, home to the greater danger.

Although the conflict never quite reached civil
war, a few packs did come to blows. I can't tell from the
stories whether any Furies actually killed each other, but
surely that would have been a serious crime. Regardless,
after one of these pack-on-pack tussles, leadership from
both sides came together to let wiser heads prevail. After
communing with nature spirits and mediation by a few
trusted Children of Gaia and old Fury metis who'd been
particularly touched by the Mother's wisdom, the Calyx
in Europe freed the Furies in the Americas to act as they
saw fit, though they did not provide much more
womanpower as support. Within a generation or two,
however, the Furies had bred into local populations
(either native or European settlers) and had families of
Kinfolk, and a few young Garou to boot.

War

I want to make this manuscript something more
than a tally of wars among the apes, but to be truthful
it's tough going. War brings the most dangerous as-
pects of the Wyrm close to the Realm. Death, disease,
famine, rape: these are the Wyrm's faces and this is the
filth that Man drags himself through every time one of
his diplomats fails to make a point.

During the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries
there were dozens of wars: some purely in the Americas,
some purely in Europe, and a few that included both.
Each time, the Black Furies went afield. If the men
wished to slaughter each other on the open field, that
was their prerogative — many of my aunts and grand-


mothers applauded each new war, knowing it would
bleed off the most mindlessly aggressive among the apes.

As soon as men at war left the field to pillage, rape
and plunder, we were there. If only there had been more
of us, we might have truly forced the armies of Europe to
fight honorably. As it was, we had our vengeance on
more than one company that sought to ease its battle-
field tensions upon the bodies and homes of noncomba-
tant women. And in our copious free time off from this
chore, we fought miserable, disease-laden Wyrm things
that lurked in the Umbra after battles.

I won't bore you with the list, although I have heard
that one of the Wyrmthings that the Fangs of Artemis
pack fought in the Balkansin the late nineteenthcentury,
amiserable fiend calling itself Kolkos, has been spotted by
reliable witnesses gorging itself on the hatred, fear and
misery created by recent events there. One of the Temple
of Artemis went on to join a Silver Pack; perhaps a group
of my sisters even today moves against Kolkos War-Feast.

Dara avd the Storm Exper

Justas the conflict between European and American
Black Furies settled down, the Croatan vanished. As far
as | know, there were no survivors. I've heard plenty of
stories about where they went: they traveled to greener
pastures deep in the Umbra; they sacrificed themselves to
save the world from an aspect of the Wyrm; they went
over to the Wyrm en masse. | don't know what really
happened, but the Uktena I know speak in hushed tones
of the majesty of the Croatan sacrifice.

Now, I'mnota Theurge, so | may not understand all
of the details here, but apparently, with the death of the
Croatan, a fair number of the spirit wards that they kept
in place started to unravel. This let out some pretty huge
Wyrm spirits to rampage across the continent. Remem-
ber stories about the Great Dust Bowl? Might've been
one of those Wyrm creatures, a century after the others.

For reasons we still don't entirely understand, one
very powerful Wyrm beast escaped from the Pure
Ones' ancient prison and did a lot of damage to the
spirit world of North America west of the Mississippi.
It turned the Umbra into some sort of continuous
storm, wreaked havoc with otherwise ordinary nature
spirits, and even scratched at the wall between our
Umbra and the realms of the dead. Bad news.

Eventually, in 1890 or so, the surviving tribes
figured out how to destroy the Storm Eater. They
didn't write down the ritual (you see, they weren't
stupid, like your author), but it took an enormous
sacrifice. Thankfully, that wasn't an entire tribe. In-
stead, a large group of heroes gathered and sacrificed
their own life energy to beat the Storm Eater.

—————_——E

Chapter One: Avenging Claws

NN ee

A Black Fury was a part of this great sacrifice; a
Crone calling herself Dara Zetian was the first to
sacrifice her own life, spitting hatred for the Wyrm
through cracked and ancient lips and baring her fangs
and claws to the bitter end. One of our sisters carries
her labrys, now called Dara's Vengeance, today.

The 20° Contry

The twentieth century, surely the last to pass
before the advent of the Apocalypse, saw women
across the world make great strides in fighting patriar-
chy and earning full legal equality to human men. At
the same time, the twentieth century saw the virtual
destruction of millions of acres of otherwise pristine
land in America and Asia and more war than any
century before had seen. The power of the Namer and
the Wyrm was on the rise throughout the twentieth
century, leading to the world's current mad state.

The Opentag of the Wash

By around 1900 the United States controlled the
central part of North America, from coast to coast, and it
didn't take the Americans long before they ripped open
the last of the native tribes' big chunks of land and
despoiled it too. Charming people, really, the Americans.
If you can keep from killing them in the first five minutes
you're sure tomake it at least anotherfifteen. Ah, I digress.
I suppose I'm an American myself, technically.

We don't have a lot of scholars as such, but the
Theurges and Galliards keep track of old mysticism and
various theories, and one of the things I've heard passed
to me was that within a few years of the United States
laying claim to its current contiguous area the best part
of the Wyld whooshed out of its terrain like air out of an
old bike tire. The caerns were still there, but the scary
darkness, the wild green energy, the ghosts and spirits
dancing in the morning mist, all of them got a little
less... powerful. Who knows, maybe this was Gaia's idea
of awarning: "Only one century left until the End Times
begin," or just, "I only have a century left in me." Now
I'm havinga hard time thinking about anything else and
am getting somewhat depressed. Perhaps a tale of brutal
vengeance will bring me back.

The town of Fort Dodge, Iowa was a nothing little
speck at the turn of the century. But at some point a
Black Fury Kinfolk family moved into the town; when
the family's third daughter turned out to be Garou, a
pack of Furies — the Claws of Glory — descended on
the city in celebration. The most mystically aware
member of the pack, a young Theurge called Elizabeth
Flagshredder, sensed the fingers of the Wyrm near the
town's schoolhouse. After the party ended, the Claws

5

mane

|

|

ne AA

of Glory spent some time investigating, both in the
physical realm and Umbra, and they discovered a nest
of Wyrmlings guarding a clutch of hideous, malformed
eggs. The Wyrmlings were dispatched relatively easily,
but the eggs proved invulnerable to this; they seemed
to be tied toa shallow grave in the physical realm, one
just behind the school. The Claws returned to the
Realm just as school was about to begin. Here they
discovered the schoolmistress—a woman who showed
no obvious Wyrm taint about her — physically tor-
menting slow students; near the end of the day she set
several youths on one girl who could not meet the
schoolmarm's exacting standards. As she screamed for
help, bleeding, the Claws took action.

The schoolmarm's entire body was never found; the
school itself was demolished. The Delirium protected the
children from the worst of the attack; for the most part,
the town believed thata tornado struck and destroyed the
school. The shallow grave, as it happened, belonged toa
young student thought carried off by wolves; his corpse
showed clear signs of having been beaten to death.

Today, a city office building sits where the school
once was, and though few humans remember the
actions of the Claws of Glory — nearly none even
know of the school that once sat under the Flachsbart
Municipal Office Building — many benefit from their
long-ago actions. There isn't any magic in the place,
not really, but the reverberations of that long-ago
justice subtly touch the humans who work in the
building. Few of them fit the mold of the apathetic
government employee; instead, most of them sincerely
care about the city residents who come to them for
help. It's a rare thing, but the Furies who recognize the
effect see that their own actions can have positive
consequences, a century or more after the fact.

The Vofe

In most western democracies, at the dawn of the
twentiethcentury women were disenfranchised: they could
not own property, they could not vote, and they were
wholly subjectto the will of their husband or, ifsingle, their
oldest male relative. Let's not even get into what it meant
tobeagay woman before the 1920s: lifeasastraight woman
was hard enough. The struggle for legal equality had begun
long before the 1900s, but it was the years between the
Spanish-American War and the so-called Great War that
saw the greatest strides toward this goal.

For many Black Furies, the vote itself was simply
too abstract a concept to fight for. This was especially
true for those raised purely in Garou society; our
hierarchies are clear to us, as you well know, and we
don't have any truck with preposterous notions like
"one person, one vote." The most capable among us

2

———

lead, and if they are too weak, the strong challenge
them, and then they lead.

Voting is... abstruse. Jane Three-Elk, a lupus
Ragabash, called it "preposterous," back in the day.
Buteven the most stubbornly anti-intellectual Ahroun
among us could see that this prize was particularly
valuable to our human sisters and nieces. It had sym-
bolic power, if nothing else, and many of those of the
homid breed believed —rightly, as it happened — that
the vote's power could bring benefit even to the
Garou. Our Kin's influence in the more open western
lands of the United States helped get women the vote
there earlier than the rest of the country, and even got
a woman into the humans' government before the
entire country let them vote.

The Carcat ar

The Wyrm opened whole new realms of suffering
tocelebrate the hideous destruction of the Great War.
Millions of men died in ways more terrible than had
been seen in any war before. I use the word "men" there
intentionally: the war itself did not kill nearly as many
women as men. This has always been the case.

Packs upon packs of Black Furies descended upon
the battlefields of Europe during the Great War. For
every new atrocity, there was the possibility that
Malfeas might disgorge Wyrmlings to feed on the
horror. As well, the crimes of war called to us like a
klaxon: desperate, starving and sick men committed
crimes against Gaia and women across the front.

Dozens of powerful Wyrmspawn lurked in the
Umbra behind the slowly shifting trenches of the
Great War. Some, like Ulgesh the Hope-Render,
made ready targets of themselves as they caused dozens
of soldiers tocommit suicide in the trenches; packs like
the Ghost Runners brought that creature and its sib-
lings down. Disease Wyrms like Tarkhor Night-Mur-
derer escaped our notice and helped spread infection
during the war and epidemic in its wake.

The Early Tisewteth Conpury

From the end of the Great War to the end ofits child,
the Second World War, the status of women in Western
society whirled up and down crazily. A few women took
tothe workplace in America at the end of the Great War,
as American soldiers marched over to watch the end of
that conflict. This kind of liberation, when combined
with suffrage movements across most of the world and the
depopulation of the males of Europe in the war's wake,
gave women a relative boost in social standing.

Throughout the 1920s in America and Europe, as
men and women experimented with new social struc-
tures, Black Furies quietly rejoiced. Women were able
to establish a place that was purely their own in this

Black Furies

A


and enter into romantic and sexual relationships
with men onamuch more equal basis. Women were far
less prized as property, and more respected as indepen-
dent beings. It wasn't the whole war, but an important
battle was turning our way.

When the men of the world decided it was once again
time to line up and kill one another, American women
entered the workforce in previously unheard-of numbers.
Again, this was a good thing. Itreacquainted women with
the idea of being part of the economy, rather than being
prizes to be won with labor's spoils. Slowly, human
women began to realize that they weren't destined to live
assome man's chattel, but rather could stand on theirown
and live as they wished. We encouraged this as best we
could, though we didn't really need to

During the Second World War, we were unable to
take as strong a role as we would have liked. As the Axis
forces arose in Europe, and the Nazis and their pawns
began to implement their Final Solution, the Black
Furies should have been able to take decisive action.

Yes, there were millions of Axis soldiers involved with
the extermination of the Jews, but we didn't get in-
volved until it was too late. Surviving Crones from the
war era offer two primary explanations for this.

First, they say, the Italian and German invasions of
our homeland in Greece brought the enormity of mod-

em warfare home to roost, and the tribe had its hands
full keeping our most sacred places free of Axis domina-
tion. Secondly, the atrocities of war throughout Europe
spawned thousands of Wyrmlings, and those Furies that
could be spared from the guerilla fighting in Greece
spent most of their time fighting spirit marauders. By the
time Greece was liberated in 1943, the Nazi death
machine was churning near full capacity. The Crones
tell us that the Furies did strike at the edges of the death
camps, but to little avail. The truth, I'm afraid, is that for
much of the war our aunts and mothers were ignorant as
to what was going on, and preferred to concentrate on
problems that were easier to solve with tooth and labrys.
I'm not particularly proud of this part of our history, and
neither are most of my sisters and cousins, but it looks
like that's pretty close to the truth.

Wormers Liberation

For the love of Gaia, don't even use the phrase
"Women's Liberation" around most of the tribe. Half of
them lived through the early seventies as Garou and don't
like to be reminded of what went on; the other half either
feels that human women still haven't been liberated from
the yoke of Man, or that human women are already
liberated enough, and spend too much time trying to be
like human men rather than women. If you ever need to


Sere cere rune earn areca arr emma rem anarwrensmnarensh

ae AA

start an argument among Furies, just make a random
commentabout "Women's Liberation" neara pack or two:

A group of (human) American feminist thinkers,
writers, and activist formed the National Organization
for Women (NOW) in 1967; near the top of its agenda
was the passage of an Equal Rights Amendment, asimple
amendment to the U.S. Constitution that would prevent
any American law from favoring men over women. The
amendment passed the US Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives in overwhelming numbers by 1972.

The vicious patriarchy that arose across America
in response to the ERA was downright sickening.
Male politicians and their pawns organized popular
uprisings against the passage of the amendment; they
threw administrative and logistical roadblocks in the
ERA's way, and they even sued to stop activism in
favor of the thing. In the end, sadly, this kind of
reactionary, power-clutching spite was enough to
stop the ERA's passage; it missed ratification by three
states in a nation of fifty.

The Cn Tat

Time grows short. The Mother doesn't have too
many spins left in her, if the Wyrm and Weaver have
anything to say about it. The past fifteen years have
been interesting times.

?
Spartacur Rewofp

In early 1989, a male Fury metis calling himself
Spartacus gathered a large pack consisting mostly of
male Fury metis. He had been building this pack and
his message for about ten years, and had a total of nine
Garou in his pack, which he named Freedom. His
origin and parentage are unclear to those I've spoken
to; as best we can gather, he grew up in a remarkably
abusive Fury Sept somewhere in Europe.

This Spartacus believed that male Fury metis
suffered unduly at the hands of their tribesisters, and he
proposed to throw off those shackles and... do... well,
something. Rumor went in a lot of directions. Some
had it that Spartacus wanted to form his own tribe;
others believed that he wished to avenge himself upon
the Sept that raised him; the majority were under the
impression that he simply wanted to raise the status of
the male metis within the tribe as a whole.

The last was probably closest to the truth, but two
things stood against him. First, as you no doubt realize,
most Fury septs do hold the male metis in some regard:
otherwise, why bother keeping them? We don't keep
their fertile siblings, even when they are Garou. They
fill an important role in our culture, one that the
Crones will describe to you as you grow older.

2

a

Second, even as a Fury, even as a metis strad-
dling the gender divide, Spartacus was as full of Rage
as any other male Garou. His call for attention and
consideration rapidly became a summons to battle.
Throughout the winter, Freedom argued, challenged,
and even fought Fury packs across much of North
America. However, by the middle of 1990 Freedom
was no more; Spartacus was challenged to single
combat by Challa Lawgiver of the Sept of the North-
west Passage, and lost. The price of the loss was to
give up his pack and name, and swear loyalty to
Challa. Spartacus performed the Rite of Renuncia-
tion, and lives a new life now.

The Stepwotbers

In 1994, we suffered one of our greatest losses in a
century. We do not tell the other tribes of this pain; it
isnottheirstoshare in, nortoavenge. SharraCleanwater,
a homid Ahroun, and her pack, an environmentalist
group devoted to Trout (of all things) called the
Streamrunners, apparently discovered heavy metals
leaching into fresh water in northeast Wyoming. It is
hard to piece together their path, but the spirits say they
traced the poison back toan abandoned silver mine that
had been taken over by Black Spiral Dancers.

Jafavte Papho

The FBI and most big-city police will tell you
that satanic ritual murder is, in short, hooey.
There aren't teenagers or adults who run into the
woods on nights of the full moon to put on black
facepaint and sacrifice cats or babies. Nearly every
allegedly satanic murder is the result of a lone,
insane person, or a much more mundane criminal
trying to cover up his tracks. This is what the FBI's
national statistics tell them. This is the safe thing
to believe. There aren't bogeymen in the woods
who will steal your children. Be calm, be safe.

Lies.

Evil is all around you. It may be incarnate
through the more obvious magics of the Wyrm and
his servants, or it might just be the guy ignoring his
pregnant wife and crying kid in the apartment next
door as he tries to blot out the shitty workday he has
every day. It doesn't matter. When a nexus of
suffering coalesces in any place, the tendrils of the
Wyrm will take hold. They might infect a perfectly
ordinary person and they might doso subtly enough
that our own sight couldn't point the taintout to us.
But it is surely there. Hundreds of children vanish
every day, and the Garou kidnap few of them. There
are bogeymen in the woods.

Black Furies

a a


Most packs in the Streamrunners' position would
have returned to the nearest sept and called for a
moot to lay out a plan for war on this Hive. But
Cleanwater, her old allies have told me, had an ego
the size of Teapot Dome and was on bad terms with
the Sept of the Badlands. The Streamrunners entered
the Hive without backup, without the knowledge of
the nearby sept.

They did not escape sane. We'll probably never
know whether they walked the Black Spiral will-
ingly or were forced to do so. Those that have
encountered the pack — now calling itself the
Wicked Stepmothers, which I'm sure is the source of
plenty of hyuks down in the bowels of the Hive —
have heard conflicting tales from Sh'ra Gthulkya,
Sharra's new... identity. All we know is that four
women who were once among our bravest and stron-
gest now serve the enemy as a unit.

It gets worse. Since '94, the Stepmothers have
kidnapped three likely Fury cubs from their birth
parents, and the pack is now known to have six
members. No, I don't know what happened to the
seventh. They act in cunning mockery of Fury tactics:
a young woman or man who serves the laws of Gaia
well may find herself swept into a burning building or
torn limb from limb in retribution from the Wyrm.

These criminals know our secrets: the pack's
Galliard, a lupus now called Ulthala Childslayer, was
an Athro familiar with the Sept of the Hand of Gaia
who'd even visited Crete once. The Inner Calyx does
not seem to recognize the threat this pack represents;
only in the last year have they declared Sharra
Cleanwater an enemy. It is possible, I suppose, that the
pack can be saved, but it seems more likely that they
will have to be destroyed. No doubt some of our
warriors will perish with them.

A New Sobhto

We are not, despite various Bone Gnawers' wet
dreams, a tribe full of "ass-kicking warrior dykes." We
apply the vengeance and justice of Gaia unto the
throats of those who dare defy Her will. We are a force
of nature, nothing less. Or at least, we were.

Of late — since around 1990, I would guess —
females of other tribes have joined the Black Furies
under the assumption that we are what the other tribes
proclaim us to be: simple warriors who, though we are
just chicks, are just as badass as any man you'll cross.
Pardon my disgust. We fight as well as any male Garou,
butwe don't line up in ranks like the Get of Fenris, nor
kneel down in supplication and homage before a great
king as the Silver Fangs or Shadow Lords do. We have

ee eee

a LAE EY

Chapter One: Avenging Claws

arole to play that has nothing to do with fighting wars
and everything to do with exacting justice.

Unfortunately, many of these newcomers to the
tribe cannot reconcile themselves to our true role.
They want to swagger like the men of the other tribes
do, and go to war after their fashion. Traditionalists
— particularly the Bacchantes camp — seem unable
to persuade this faction to act in an appropriate
fashion. Outright challenges don't seem to work,
either, since they play right into the other tribes' laws
and rituals. These Garou tend to fall naturally to the
Amazons of Diana, a camp that approves of and
cultivates this kind of behavior; the conflict de-
scribed here has simmered between the Amazons and
the Bacchantes for centuries or longer. Only now has
it erupted into something greater than a war of words.
If you are a proper traditionalist, and you encounter
such a pack, try to re-educate them as best you can.
Failing that, avoid them when possible. They may
fight for Gaia, but they may as well be Glass Walkers
for their lack of devotion to our ways.

Zargbadith

In early June of 1999, something big happened
in Pakistan. | admit that I don't entirely know what
went down. You might not even remember by now
— disasters in Southern Asia don't always impact all
that strongly on the Western consciousness — but
an enormous typhoon struck Pakistan and
Bangladesh around that time, killing tens of thou-
sands. Indian, Pakistani, and Bangladeshi govern-
ments all blamed one another for the massive num-
ber of dead, each accusing the others alternately of
mishandling the crisis, not bringing emergency aid
quickly enough, precipitating it through disastrous
environmental policy, or taking advantage of it for
military or economic gain.

The politicking and bullshit infighting is to be
expected, and it's done a very good job of covering
what really happened. So good that I'm not even
positive; | hear a lot of reports. I've got the events
pretty much narrowed down to two possibilities. We

Tat Second Paselbllhy

The "default" version of events, as seen in A
World of Rage and somewhat mangled by the
narrator here, is the assumed one in the World of
Darkness. That doesn't mean it has to be that way in
your Storyteller's chronicle. He may well prefer to
have one of the alternate descriptions here be what's
really the case, or, more deviously, he might have his
own plans regarding those events. Assume nothing.

9

tei \

|

can'task any of the Garou that were there; 1 am nearly
certain that none survived, and whatever did them in
didn't even leave a remnant to limp to the afterlife as
an ancestor-spirit. Given the location, the majority
of the nearby Garou were Glass Walkers, Bone Gnaw-
rs, but there were at least two Black
Furies involved. One of them, Cara Brightcleaver,
carried an ancient labrys, Bog-render, which we now
assume is lost.

ers, and Starg:

First, it may have been that an unbelievably pow-
erful vampire came into being, and in so doing dragged
down the wall between the lands of the dead and the
mortal realm forashort while. I don't know if this thing
was a new vampire, or if it was an ancient one that had
been dormant. I'm not certain how they work. (Frankly,
1 almost hope that it's an ancient one that had been
dormant. The thought of a brand-new vampire having
that kind of power scares the shit out of me.) A huge
force descended on this being, including both
werewolves and other vampires, and beat it until it
died. It took most of its attackers with it. One upside of
this scenario is that it explains the recent increase in
ghosts and the walking dead that we've run into in my
hometown in Texas. On the other hand, I have noclue
why vampires would be attacking one another, or
whether that thing has brothers.

EE

The other possibility is that this wasn't a vampire
in the sense that we usually encounter them (pale,
wears black, dies easily when you catch them) but
rather the sort of incredibly powerful Wyrm spirit that
we've also seen rise up recently in Russia. This got the
attention of a group that might be some kind of shadow
government behind a couple of nuclear-powered na-
tions (for fun, I'll call them "the Bavarian Illuminati").
It also got the attention of several packs of Garou, as |
mentioned above. The Gi
battle held the thing at bay long enough for either
some destructive ritual to go off, or for the Illuminati
tonuke the goddamn thing. The humansare alleged to
have found radioactive residue in the are:
have helpfully covered it up. I suppose we probably
owe the Illuminati some kind of thanks for this, if they
were involved (and if they really exist).

The Ethane and the Stadow Lorgt

The lands of the Balkan and Carpathian Moun-
tains have known steady war of some kind for the last
decade, and sporadic fighting for most of recorded
history. The land's just a freaking highway for invad
ers headed into or out of Europe, so there's a tinder-
box of hostile ethnic groups all crammed into that
small space. Soviet Communism kept things rela

‘ou involved in the direct

Lert


tively peaceful fora while, but when it evaporated the
whole region went to hell.

We have to pay attention to the Balkans, of
course, because they butt right up against our ancestral
homeland and we've always had Kinfolk in the area.
Wealso give them special consideration because of the
horrifying abuse and degradation that women receive
on a daily basis in the former Yugoslavia.

A side note here about prostitution: Personally, |
don't have any moral or ethical problem with the
simple idea of fucking for money, if it's done freely,
without strings, oppression, or abuse. Of course, it
never is.

Coercive prostitution is the least of problems in
the Balkans. Violent abuse of women and children,
similar sexual abuse, rape and murder are all daily
crimes throughout the region. These get our attention,
and they also cry out seductively to the Wyrm and its
minions. A handful of Black Fury packs roam the
countryside, noses to the air for crimes against Gaia.

Two years ago, Kelonoke Wildhair of the Sept of
Bygone Visions established two important alliances
for us in the Balkans. First, she spoke with leadership
of the Red Talons of the area, who were already
engaged in missions similar to those of our packs:
defend the Wyld, fight the Wyrm, scout out particu-
larly Wyrm-blasted battlefields and atrocity sites. She
made certain that our packs and Red Talon packs
would cooperate where possible and stay out of one
another's way where cooperation was not feasible. We
still don't entirely approve of some Red Talon tactics:
they are entirely too willing to rip human throats first
and ask questions later for my tastes; but for the time
being they are allies.

Next, Wildhair approached Margrave Konietzko
of the Shadow Lords' Sept of the Night Sky in
Wallachia. The Shadow Lords rightfully laid claim to
the Balkans, and technically the Furies and Red Tal-
ons violated that territory by taking action there.
Wildhair suggested that the Shadow Lords join the
Furies' and Talons' alliance, the better to keep a
presence throughout the region. Though Konietzko
drove a hard bargain, the Margrave appeared to be
honorable, and, as a side benefit, genuinely respected
Wildhair and her sisters. After a full day's negotiations
over territory rights and relative ranks, Konietzko and
Wildhair agreed to an alliance.

Today all three tribes patrol the Balkans, hunting
out criminals against the Mother and making ex-
amples of them as well as making war against Wyrm
creatures. Wildhair herself is sometimes seen in the
southern parts of the treaty area. Accusations occa-

Chapter One: Avenging Claws

INN es

sionally fly back and forth that one pack or another has
pre-emptively slain suspicious-looking humans, but
from what I hear, most of those attacks come from
human-hating Talons or brutal Shadow Lords. The
Furies largely avoid such things, paying more attention
to real criminals.

The War for Rusola

Over the last ten years, Russia has been little more
than a battlefield for the Garou, as the Wyrm-ridden
beast Baba Yaga dropped the Shadow Curtain around
the nation's Umbra and unleashed hell upon the Gaia-
loving creatures trapped within.

Better werewolves than I have already told this
tale in song and in epic poem; I won't bore you with
all of the details. | am more concerned with the
history of the Black Furies, after all. The most
important thing for our tribe was the loss of Mother's
Pride, a proud Fury and the leader of the Blood of the
Sea Sept. Mother's Pride and her pack, a collection
of Mothers and Crones from the lands around the
Russian Black Sea coast, were the lynchpin in Black
Fury leadership throughout Russia. The pack, Fiery
Axe, was destroyed fighting the Wyrm-dragon (in
Russian, "Zmei") called Gregornous. A terrifying
beast, it took many packs of Garou to finally drag the
thing to its demise, and it killed many of those when
its death-throes spewed acid venom for a hundred
meters in every direction.

The war is now over, mostly. Baba Yaga is dead,
and her greatest minions have been vanquished. The
Blood of the Sea Sept no longer stands among the first
and strongest in Russia; that torch has been passed to
other tribes in the wake of Fiery Axe's destruction. A
relative youth, Tatiana, now leads the Sept. I hear
whispers that Tatiana lacks the strength to rule the
Garou of such a strong Caern; ambitious Fury packs
from Greece to Wyoming look eastward even now.
Worse, with the Silver Fangs' and Get of Fenris'
victory over the Hag, members of those two tribes look
greedily toward the Black Sea.

Afrtean Broth fire Wars

Africa, too, has its share of supernatural danger.
The most important African lands to us are in the
Congo, divided into the Republic of Congo and,
confusingly, the Democratic Republic of Congo. Black
Fury freebooters found two unclaimed Caerns in the
Congo around 1900, and promptly opened them, chris-
tening them the Dark River Caern and the Blessed
Home Caern.

|

2 nears earn se SER rn LAR ye hae ree

a 2A

Revolution in Zaire (which became the Demo-
cratic Republic of Congo) in the late 1990s got the
Furies' attention right quick. Neitherof our two Caerns
was particularly strong, and in fact both served prima-
rily as staging areas for Furies to give what aid they
could to the local human population. The war brought
out the worst in humanity. Again. Our sisters have
fought when they had to in the Congo (and through-
out Africa) but for the most part, we're just too few.
Africa's not our territory, so we find it frustratingly
difficult to accomplish anything there.

Medusa, one of the Gorgons, dropped out of sight
right around high summer of 2000. It took a little time
for this fact to bubble out to the tribe at large; only the
Theurges of packs dedicated to the Gorgons even
noticed this, and it took them a couple of months to
realize that something was wrong. Her sisters won't say
what has happened, though of course they aren't the
most talkative of Pegasus's children.

The situation is rather complicated, though. It
seems that packs that previously followed the
Gorgons as a single totem, five spirits in one joint
role, now only hear responses from one of the five
sisters. Most of the packs don't know what to make
of this; the four active sisters (Euryale, Stheno,
Helena, and Isthmene [sic]) say that they no longer
think or act with one mind, and each has happily
chosen a few packs to shepherd individually. This is
all happening so quickly that I honestly don't know
if Medusa herself has chosen any packs of herown —
or even if she can.

The Inner Calyx might know better what is
going on, but their secretive nature keeps them from
getting a lot done. Most packs devoted to the Gorgons
are too busy waging war to find out where their
missing grandmother has gone; perhaps a younger
pack would be able to find her more easily. Theurges
suggest that Medusa may have suffered a wound at
the hands of Weaver-spirits and retreated to our
Tribal Homelands to heal, but I'm not sure about it.
It's all happening too quickly to know for sure what
has happened.

The Weftamorphte Page

Around the same time as the disappearance of
Medusa, a curious syndrome was first reported among
our sisters in Mexico. The Crones call it the Metamor-
phic Plague; it is a disease that infects those who
expose themselves recklessly to Wyld energies. We
love and revere the Wyld first among the Triat and

third only to Gaia and Luna, please understand, so the
suggestion of a Wyld disease among the Black Furies
was not something that we took lightly.

We aren't sure where the Plague first sprang up:
it does not seem likely that any wilderness on Earth
is remote and pristine enough to allow "too much"
of the Wyld to push its way into the Realm. I'm not
certain there can be "too much" of the Wyld, espe-
cially not in light of the Namer's and Wyrm's dep-
redations. But the Metamorphic Plague seems to be
just that, too much Wyld energy in a Garou's spirit.
However, now the Plague slowly passes from Fury to
Fury, and the Outer Calyx is divided as to how to
deal with the disease.

The Metamorphic Plague manifests subtly; it
does not tear great rents across a Garou soul, or turn
her into a gibbering freak. It changes its victim's
inner being without drastically changing the outer.
One or two of the werewolf's strongest personality
traits first change: a Mother known for her tenderness
and devotion to protecting the weak develops a
cynical streak overnight, and within another day
petitions her sept's alpha to let her join an avenging
pack, for instance — or the other way around. Later,
subtle physical changes — eye color, skin complex-
ion — manifest and the Garou begins to lose her
memory. Finally, an entirely new — apparently false
—set of memories slides into place as the Garou takes
ona new identity and role. These werewolves remain
Garou, and they remain Black Furies: Pegasus does
not reject them, and they still hold onto our ideals.
They just become new people. Some Furies, it is
whispered, even become male. That last might be
bullshit, and even if it isn't | don't know if Pegasus
still accepts them.

We have plenty of useless theories about this.
Perhaps victims of the Plague change because Gaia
needs them to be other people, Perhaps the changes to
the Gauntlet and the lands of the dead have pushed
ancestor-spirits' essences out onto their descendants.
We don't exactly know what's happening. We know
it's contagious: whole packs have been changed. We
don't know a lot more than that.

The Vartan Cofh

Oh, we have nothing to do with the recent rise
in status of the "Virgin Mother," Mary, the mother
of Christ, in the Roman Catholic Church. Honest.
We aren't responsible for the calls for her to be
recognized as "Co-Redemptrix, Mediatrix, and Ad-
vocate," we have no idea how the Pope gets away

32 Black Furies

hh ——_—

Feral


with all of his vehement pro-Marianism. We find it
just shocking. It isn't as though we have agents in the
Church, after all.

Hee, hee, hee.

This one is a big win for us. Let me preface the rest of
this discussion with the note that I find the phrase "Virgin
Mother" to be repulsive; it's one of the most obvious and
repressive symptoms of the neuroses that infect the
patriarchally religious. But there is a movement in the
Church to elevate Mary's status, maybe not to an equal
footing with the big JC, but a hell of a lot closer to him.
The scholars who advocate this stance feel that Mary
intercedes with the God person on behalf of humans, and

Avenging Claws

Chapter One:

INN

is responsible for helping humans find grace. Interlock
thismovementwith the last fifty years of Mariansightings,
prophecies, and so on, and you've got an upswelling of
feminist furor in the Catholic Church.

We have to pay kudos to the Order of Our
Merciful Mother on this one. No, despite my sarcasm,
Ireally won't suggest that the Black Furies are respon-
sible for this great change in the church's stance and
policies; the patriarchal eunuchs themselves cer-
tainly play the most important role. But the Order has
been tugging the church back toward a more equal
footing for more than a thousand years. It's good to see
the efforts paying off.

|


\ NS Sh ens EA VP
SESS

>


"To us, the world is a teacher,

A healer, our Mother,

A weaver of a web of life that keeps us all alive."
Rumors of the Big Wave, "Burning Times"

Thou Art Conga

Where... she wonders. Before the thought is complete,
the question is answered

"With us, young friend," comes the response, and
Anxi is surprised to find that the voice is male.

Who.

question

she thinks. Again, the answer comes before the

"Friends, or teachers. You are the new cub staying at
the Sept of Bygone Visions, yes?" This voice is female, but
Anzxi still isn't sure who's speaking to her. All she remem-
bers is lying down by the Pool to rest after training with a
labrys. But here — wherever "here" is — she feels rested,
and ready to begin... if only she knew what was beginning.

"Would yourather see us?" asks a third voice, this onealso
female. Anxi can only nod, and suddenly her vision clears

Three Furies stand before her on a grassy plain. She
cannot hear the sea, and knows therefore that she must be
dreaming — the sea's roar is never out of earshoton Ecube
She sizes up the three strange beings. One sits patiently in
Lupus form, her glossy black coat shining in the sun. Her
eyes betray youthful energy and boundless love, and Anxi
knows her name: Amethyst Wing-Mender, a Theurge

The next is a dark-skinned woman, not Greek
Italian, possibly. She stands, arms folded, a slight smile on
her lips but impatience in her eyes. She is called Carlotta
Parts-the-Mists, Anxi realizes, and she is a Galliard

The last —.the man
form. His arms are grotesquely long; his knuckles touch the
ground though he stands at full height. However, his fur
matches Amethyst's, and Anxi marvels at the knowledge
that this metis — this man — is Symon World-Reacher, a
Philodox of the Black Furies

"But how can you be here?" asks the cub. "I mean, are
you on the island? Am I?"

"The island is a place of the Wyld, as you know,"

answers

towers above them in Crinos

Sarlotta. "Sometimes, Pegasus — or maybe even
Gaia herself — chooses a young one like you to be taught
by others still living. And here we are."

"Only possible here," pipes Amethyst happily

"Teach me of what?" Anxi realizes that she has found
her voice, finally

"The world," answers Symon, and nods to the lupus
to begin the lesson

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 35

NT EN


The world is a big place, child, and — what? I'm
sorry, I didn't mean to offend. Not "child," then, but
"sister." Better? Good, then let's continue.

As I said, the world is vast. Finding one's place
within it is done on so many different levels, it is hard
to know where to begin. Since you have heard the
history of the Furies, legendary and recent, perhaps you
would like to know more of what it means to belong to
Pegasus' brood? Good! Then let's take flight!

The Creat ofher

Of course, the Triptych — the triple Goddess —
is probably familiar to you. The Divine is at once
Maiden, Mother, and Crone. Where Gaia Herself is
concerned, this three-fold identity explains the chang-
ing of seasons and the progression of the world. We
lupus understand it just as we understand everything
else: without thought. You've got a long way to go,
sister, before you can know without thinking. If you
ever conceive and carry a child, you will.

I'msorry. I'm easily sidetracked. Where was I? Yes,
the threefold Goddess in Her many forms. Well, Gaiz
aside, Luna also presents many faces. Our auspices
spring from her differing forms. The most obvious and
important "three," however, must be the Triat. Every

36

Black Furies

tribe sees the Triat in their own terms, and it's all true.
We see the Triat as the Fates.
Notre Fotho — The Wil

Called "the Spinne: , but not to be confu
with the Weaver. Asyou've been told, weaving is creative
work, taking several threads and creating something new
and colorful. It's one of the many human-things I'dlike to
learn, but not today. Anyway, Moirai Clotho spins the
thread. She appearsas the Maiden, full of life and promise,
and from her comes the possibility, unrealized, of life.

Possibility is a dangerous thing, sister. Every day
the possibility exists that you will find some great
treasure — a companion, a fetish, riches, secrets or
whatever is important to you. But the possibility isa
there that you will die or grow ill, that the Mother will
stop turning, or whatever else might frighten you. No
matter if something has or has not happened, the
chance exists, and Moirai Clotho might choose today
to seize upon it. The Wyld understands the last days
better than some tribes think.

Sachets — The Weaver

Oh, I know some of our sisters insist on calling it the
"Namer" and referring to it as a man. I say, male wolves
don't count or build, but humans of both sexes do these

so

L


INN eee

Carlotta speaks about trinity:

The number three hasa mystical significance toall
Garou. It is the number of the Triat, reflected again in
the three breeds of the Garou and the three virtues of
Garou society — Honor, Glory and Wisdom, for those
of you whoslept through that lesson. Among the Black
Furies, the number three carries even greater meaning.
We Furies are inextricably intertwined with Greek
myth and legendry, which is replete with trinities and
triple-goddesses. In more recent years, we have found
that goddess myths from around the world fit nicely
into this three-legged framework; most Furies have
welcomed these multicultural expressions of feminine
power brought by new sisters and Kin. It is most
important toremember this: whatever her background,
be it classical Greece or neo-pagan California, a Fury
feels the influence of these trinities in our tribal society
and her relationship with the spirit world.

One of the most obvious groups of three is the
original Furies, known to the Greeks as the Erinyes,
from whom we take our name. Their names were
Alecto, meaning "Unceasing Anger;" Tisiphone,
meaning "Avenger of Murder;" and Megaera, mean-
ing "Jealous." I see you are confused by the last
appellation: Megaera was not jealous in the sense
that she coveted her sisters' possessions or loves.
Rather, she jealously guarded the right of the Erinyes
to exact vengeance on transgressors. Divine justice
is not something that can be safely left in the hands
of mortal men and women — or even certain sky
goddesses, as Athena's blindness showed.

Isee that you recognize these names. That is good.
You should have heard these many times by this point
in your education, since they are among our greatest
heroines. Many Black Furies have taken their names in
tribute down the ages — perhaps some of you will

Trotter

eventually be deserving of such esteemed titles. Our
legends say that the Erinyes sprang from Gaia where her
body was soaked with the blood of those slain by their
kin. Some Furies will insist that this origin means that
Erinyespredate the First Daughters, the Gorgons, as the
progenitors of our tribe. But myths — ours as well as
those of the Greeks —are a dangerous place to hunt for
"facts." I personally believe that, if the Erinyes were the
first of our kind, they had neither the time nor the
inclination to produce a tribe from their loins. It truly
does not matter either way. We are the Black Furies,
and the Erinyes are our mothers in spirit if not in blood.

What does matter is that when the Erinyes were
slain and returned to Gaia, their spirits were, for the
most part, lost to us. They were too suffused with
vengeance and the raw power of the Wyld to take their
places as ancestor spirits or totems. Some Furies claim
to have met the spirit of one or another of the Erinyes
in the Deep Umbra, in places where the Wyld is strong
— a fearsome spirit that coalesced briefly from raw
energy and dissipated again once its message was deliv-
ered. Such encounters are not described as pleasant.
The Inner Calyx possesses a ritual that calls, or perhaps
forces, the spirits of Alecto, Tisiphone and Megaeraout
of the Wyld and infuses them into the bodies of three
Black Furies for the purpose of exacting a terrible
vengeance ona deserving target. This rite isnever, ever
performed lightly; it has never been performed in my
lifetime, nor in that of my mother or grandmother.
Once they have destroyed the transgressor chosen by
the Inner Calyx, the Erinyes continue to punish viola-
tors of Gaia's laws until the Garou vessels that carry
themare slain. They cannot be swayed or influenced in
their choice of subsequent targets, and the results are
not always what the Inner Calyx would desire.

things. I think that Naming exists independent of sex.
Lachesis, in legend, was female, as were all the Fates. She
appeared as the Matron, still alive and able, but tempered
and practical. She measured the thread of life, putting
limits on Moirai Clotho's precious possibility. While
limits and strictures are frightening to many, I take peace
knowing that purposes exist forall things. This is what our
auspices do, yes? You don't see many Ragabash trying to
lead moots, and it isn't because theycan't, it's because that
isn't written on their thread, so to speak.

The problem comes when limits become absolute.
Ir'sa human mind-twister —and I love mind-twisters —
that the only rule to which there is no exception is that
there's an exception to every rule. But Lachesis doesn't

see itthat way. She doesn't wish forexceptions, she wishes
every thread to be the length she measured, not an inch
more orless. And so she issad and angry because the world
is so confused and messy, and tries harder and harder to
bring the world's thread into line. I do wish she would put
down her measuring stick and simply measure the threads
by sight, rather than attempting such exactness.

Atropet — The ym

Again, most tribes see the Wyrm as male. They say
that, like man, the Wyrm cannot create, and this leads
them to believe that it can only destroy, and therefore
so can man. | said before I love mind-twisters, but it's
good to know when to stop twisting your mind.

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 37

a

|

Atropos is the Crone, the wizened old woman who
cuts the threads of life. She frightens us more than Lachesis,
often, because despite our talk about living forever through
our cubs and returning to guide our descendants, no one
really wants to be over. Atropos does not give us the option,
however. She cuts the thread and in that instant, we are all
the same, man and woman, wolf and human. What
happens after is not the province of the Fates.

Many legends speak of the Weaver trying to en-
slave the Wyrm, and the Wyrm going mad trying to get
free. Others state that the Weaver tries to weave
everything into its web, and the Wyrm went mad trying
to keep up with its duties, Butwhen the Triat is viewed
as the Fates, neither of these truly makes acl
cannot begin to explain why Atropos feels it necessary
to burn and despoil the threads of the world before
cutting them. Perhaps she has been replaced?

Pegatus

Asone of the tribes that holds a "mythical" animal
as a totem, we enjoy special kinship with the Red
Talons, Stargazers, and Children of Gaia (the tribes of
the Pure Lands venerate totems that represent unique
creatures, as do the Get of Fenris and the Shadow
Lords). Pegasus is a totem of Respect, not War, and

that's something that many Furies could stand to bear
in mind a little more strongly.

You've heard the story of Bellerophon, of course,
so I don't need to repeat it. However, recall that
Pegasus killed Bellerophon when he tried to claim
dominion over her. Pegasus does not brook that kind
of arrogance from any Black Fury, or any other Garou,
for that matter. She is free to do as she pleases, and
while requests are perfectly acceptable, summons likely
bring down her wrath.

The Furies and Pegasus are perfectly suited to each
other, really. War is not natural to us, nor is it to
Pegasus. However, some think that one must love
what one does well, and this means that the Furies and
Pegasus — extremely capable warriors both — are
labeled "violent" or "warlike." Pegasus was born to fly
free and to protect the helpless (not the weak), and that
kind of freedom resonates in the breast of any Garou,
male or female, who looks to Pegasus as a totem.

As a totem, Pegasus demands her children protect
helpless females of all races, The distinction between
"weak" and "helpless" is an important one: the strongest
being on Gaia can be chained and thus rendered helpless
for all its
without chains,

strength. However, a weak being will submit
and Pe;

us has no desire to help those


who will not help themselves. The Get of Fenris have
trouble with this distinction; they seem to feel that not
dying in the face of adversity marks oneas "weak," andthe
notion of needing protection and love—even though we
all did as infants —strikes them as pathetic. Pegasus, it is
said, long ago gave up trying to explain the difference to
Fenris, and does not accept the Get as her children. This,
I feel, is sad, because despite all of the antipathy between
our tribes, the Fenrir have as much loyalty to Gaia as we
do and have much to teach (and learn). The fact that
Pegasus — or indeed any Incarna — makes such rules is
evidence of Lachesis' frustration, | think.
Pegatur Brood

You are not a Theurge, sister. Pity — you may
never know some of the wondrous spirits that call
Pegasus mother, and the Black Furies sister.
Well, of course you've heard of the Gorgons. With
the disappearance of Medusa, however, her sisters have
been taking action more inde

rd is is that Pant
ite Howlers fell, not wishing
e, and Pegasus sa her.

two male spirits in Pegasus' brood.

A lot of Pegasus' brood represent 4
Woman, from the bloody Haima to the Triptych
herself. You might find a spirit representing the Young-
est Daughter's Rebellion, or the fear of the first-time
mother, or the pain of a virgin. All of Pegasus' brood,
however, are strong, and most of them are mysterious.

Aupheet
I said earlier that Luna's changing faces give us our
roles — these roles are written on our threads, I think.
Iwas born under the crescent moon, when barely asliver
of Luna shows and all the world wonders and asks. But
all of the lady's faces are equally important, so consider

each one —afterall, if you join a true pack (one member
from each auspice) you'll want to understand them.

No Noon — Luma Coat

When no moonatall shines down, Luna hides and
weeps. The sun might blaze on proudly, no matter how

er ne:

urtanyone, but sometime:

tioning what is to find oy
ore important that pain,
ight question, that int

'y does a cat-spirit hunt a

r sister Gaia turn just so?

‘on the other Fera? No easy

rn under this face seek them

ns do not always need to be
sking them is enough.

both question, but in differ-

tion the status quo in hopes of re-

it as necessary. Crescent moons,

of curiosity. If the answers lead

onderful. If they lead only to

learning the answer
that also is learning

As she learns, Luna steps even more away from
darkness and begins to speak. She 5

th at once) and
riences.
ks answers (which lead to
know) the Philodox seeks
, 1 think, with all respect to
ors the half-moon. After all,
, isa thing of the Weaver, we
make it bad, so longas the law
as (or sometimes instead of)
of the Philodox's job: To
ns against "Litany-break-
id earlier, every rule has
an exception, ani found yet, it will.
While I personall
caer to be violated, sot
legitimate defense for such behavior. If so, it would fall
upon a Philodox to decide the truth of the matter.

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 39

TENG


aA

Chou Noon — Lupa Largbt

Deciding truth and dispensing j justice is a daunting
and rather grave task. As

facts and laws that the Philodox
them accessible. Over the years,
ced about love between Garou,
ing built, about battles with
on and on. How many of

? How many were simply

Litany, or even'

important. Take

one of humanity's biggest pro 1 think, is that many
of them take their legends too seriously.

Pil Noon — LunaAde
For four cycles, shesdha

But now, as the
acts. She be

id much but cate little.

she (and the Furid

ak, taking all they've
0 listo Contemplation is good, bat
es the topic to become irrelevant. It

sometimes to ads to the desire
for correction so typical of the Ragabash. And so on
and on it goes. Beautiful, isn't it?

The Ripe of Pattege
The first ordeal that marks you asa Black Fury varies,
depending on the nature of your sept. Most septs, how-
ever, include tests of judgment, vision, fury, and mystery.
With all our talk of threes, why four tests? Well,
because one of them isn't so much a test as...I'll come
back to it; it's rather unique.

Viidden Warrlors — Childoen of Cibypse

Symon World-Reacher speaks of those born dur-
ing eclipses:

As you probably know, lunar eclipses only
happen during full moons. This means that any
Garou born during an eclipse is an Ahroun. So
how does that fit in to Amethyst's quite poetic
depiction of the at

Garlbets: gale you with sto-
ries of Rails-Against-Thunder, the great Ahroun
who turned back a storm that threatened to de-
stroy aseaside caern on Crete. | will notattempt to
tell the tale, but I will mention that although she
turned back the storm, she was plagued with
nightmares ever after, and always wondered if the
storm wasn't Gaia's way of altering the caern in
some painful, but necessary way.

The test of judgment hearkens back to our role as
avengers. We're presented with a situation, either
acted out by other Garou, as a Vista in the Umbra, or
sometimes even in real life. The cub has to decide if
action is necessary and what form it should take. For
example, a homid cub Atebe taken to a school
Cay era be own) g

Garou to the dane of the Umbra! The test can be a
simple as gazing into a pool and reporting what it tells
you, or as complex as listening toa long, long story and
remembering the details.

Finally, the test of fury. More than a simple fight,
the Fury is tested to see if she can use her Rage
effectively, without letting it control her. Often, an
elder will goad a young Fury to frenzy to see if she will
repress it, lose control, or ride the winds of frenzy
without a care. Whatever the result, it tells the elders
much about the cub's prowess and faults.

Black Furies

Ll —_—

cea


The test of mystery, as | mentioned, isn't really a
test. It's more of an omen — the Fury takes part in the
Elusian mysteries, drinking the sacred wine and revel-
ing in the visions and pain it causes. Ah, you experi-
enced thison your Rite —then you know of the ordeal.

Gredt

fast, rest, and generally prepare for a religious rev-
elation. They would break their fast by drinking a
special potion called kykeon, made from grain and
colored purple. Relatively few accounts survive,
since most initiates kepta vow of secrecy. But some
told how terror, shaking, and sweating overcame
them, and had powerful hallucinations where the
them. Many of the great philosophers of the day,
including Socrates, Plato, Sophocles, Euripides,
and Homer were initiated into the Elusian myster-
ies. Some modern scholars believe that one ingre-
dient of kykeon was ergot. The fact that it was made
from grain, and that water in which ergots have
been soaked turns a deep purple color, are clues.
drink must have been due to something far more
potent than ordinary wine.

Ergot, as it happens, has long been used as an aid
inchildbirth. A small amount ground up and boiled in
water would hasten labor, and when used after birth
would constrict the blood vessels and help to prevent
hemorrhage in the mother. InGermany itisstillcalled
"Mutterkorn." The Black Furies have been known to

awaken ergot in order to maximize its effectiveness,
both as an ingredient in kykeon and as a medicine.

Lfe ataFiny

The scene shifts beneath Anxi's feet. Where before the
four Furies stood in a field, now they stand in a clearing.
Huge trees surround them. Stones, apparently meant as
seating, lie on the outer edges of a circle. The glyphs carved
into the stones mark this place as a sept, though Anxi cannot
decide which one, or even what country they might be it.
Amethyst lies curled up on one of the stones, tired from her
lesson. Symon, the metis, taps Anxi's shoulder.

X
The Glutlan Nyshordat
The Elusian mysteries have their roots in the
worship of Demeter, the goddess of grain and the
harvest. The seasonal rites involved were dedi-
cated to recognizing the departure of Persephone,
Demeter's daughter, as she left her mother for the
winter and descended to her throne as wife of
Hades, the lord of the dead.
Celebrants would travel from Athens to
Elusieus, whereachosen few would enter the temple,
greatest mysteries of the universe were revealed to
| Also, it is believed that the powerful effect of the

SN Nn ee

Amethyst has spoken very well so far, but if we're

to consider the three breeds and their place in our

tribe, I think that I should have the floor. Does it make

you uncomfortable, sister? You may call me "sister" as
well, if you like; enough other Furies do. No? "Brother,"

then? Or perhaps just "Symon?"

No need to get angry or troubled. I'm a member of

the tribe, the same as you. Perhaps you'd like to know
why the Black Furies accept their male metis but not

fertile males, and sometimes not even female metis?

Well, we'll get to that.

To begin with, the bearing of children, whether

babe or pup, is never painless. Even though the Black
Furies have natural advantages of strength and endur-
ance greater than a human or wolf mother could

possess, they are not immune to either the pain of labor

or the many inconveniences of pregnancy. Most
wouldn't have it any other way: giving birth is a gift

that Gaia gave to woman alone. Man, with his tools of

technology and science, can rob some significance and
meaning from the event by smothering it with hospi-
tals and medications and sterile doctors, but they have
not yet managed to steal the miraculous act itself.

Human, and therefore homid, pregnancies last for

nine months. The stereotypical malady suffered by
pregnant women is morning sickness. For most women,
the nausea and vomiting never causes more than
annoyance; but for an unlucky few, including some
Garou, the vomiting can become so severe as to cause
dehydration, malnutrition, and weakness. All the
stamina in the world can't help you when your stom-
ach mysteriously stops accepting food.

Other complications are a bit more insidious, and
of particular danger to the Garou. Even before the
pregnancy "shows" and causes obvious mobility prob-

lems, the mother's body is changing. Her center of

balance moves, the muscles of herstomach wall weaken
to allow the uterus to protrude, the ligaments holding
her bones together relax to provide that little extra
give in the pelvis. Even before she knows she is

pregnant, these subtle changes may hamper a warrior

who has trained her body for strength and precision. In
a pitched battle with the Wyrm's spawn, even the
slightest misstep can be deadly.

Later in pregnancy, the demands of the unborn

child draw even more heavily on the mother's stores of

energy. The hardiest Fury may find herself exhausted;
every extra ounce of energy she finds, her body happily

shuttles to the growing baby. While the Black Furies

venerate motherhood, they also abhor personal weak-
ness, and it is not uncommon for a Fury to slide into a
hormone-bolstered depression as her pregnancy

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 41


Sees errno AF-S SP A eum rensrenav

a AA

progresses. The dangerous flip side of depression is Rage,
which the mother must resist; the inevitable shape-shift
of frenzy will most likely kill the child she carries.

Labor and delivery can be excruciatingly painful for
human and homid mothers. The human head, stuffed
full of the brains that set us apart from the rest of the
animal kingdom, is as large as it can be and still fit
through the mother's pelvis. Sometimes, unfortunately,
it's too large, or is not quite in the right position;
childbirth has historically been the leading cause of
death for women of childbearing age, and in many parts
of the world it still is. The early hours of labor are usually
just uncomfortable, but as labor progresses contractions
grow increasingly painful. The actual pushing of the
baby through the birth canal can be as quick as ten
minutes or it may take hours. The average first-time
mother can expect an ordeal of fourteen hours.

The Black Furies typically shun hospital births,
most preferring togi th at home with a Fury or
Kinfolk midwi end may opt
for Kin-run e seek out the

to have taken anesthetics in oes or fed her child
artificial formulas can expect scorn and shunning, or
even a sound beating at the hands of her sisters.

Lupus and wolf mothers have it far easier. Gestation
is a mere nine weeks, during which the mother-to-be
experiences the same physical disorientation and ex-
haustion described above, but avoids morning sickness.
When her time arrives, the female secludes herself in an
underground den. Without the ludicrous head circum-
ference to pelvis size ratio that plagues human reproduc-
tion, labor and delivery are usually free of complica-
tions, but can be arduously long — the early stages of
labor stretch from hours to days, and the birth of each of
two to eleven pups takes approximately an hour. The
pups are born blind and deaf, and are completely reliant
on their mother for their first two months of life.

Even though wolf births are relatively problem-free,
the labors of lupus Furies are usually attended by a midwife
— every potential lupus pup and the mother herself are
ever more precious as the breed declines. Fury midwives
attend the labors of Kinfolk wolves, when they are aware
of events and the mother's pack will allow it. Finally, the

42

i —_——

Forma Comparsat
to the World of Darkvast
Carlotta speaks of poison:

Everyone agrees that breast milk is best for
babies: doctors, researchers, pharmaceutical com-
panies, and parenting gurus. But nobody makes
money from breastfeeding. Sure, somebody can
make a little cash selling how-to books, bras with
funny hooks and latches, or other paraphernalia,
but the real money comes from selling something
people use up and have to come back to buy more.

So how do formula companies get people to buy
an obviously inferior product? They fill baby maga-
zines with images of happy white families gathered
around beautiful bottle-sucking babies, while the
images of breastfeeding feature minority women
without wedding rings. They give "seminar" trips in
exotic locales to hospital administrators and ply the
nurses with free pens and coffee mugs in return for
their complicity in making sure every new mother
leaves the hospital with a bag full of formula. They
buy privileged patient information from doctor's
offices to carefully time doorstep deliveries of free
formula to coincide with an infant's growth spurts,
when a mother may panic that she's not providing
her baby with enough milk. They compile free "how-
to" tip booklets for breastfeeding that make it sound
overwhelmingly difficult. They sponsor episodes of
TV dramas in which young mothers kill their babies
trying to feed them naturally, with special attention
to the unattractively cast breastfeeding zealot. They
set the terms of the national dialogue on the issue,
stating that breastfeeding makes babies smarter and
less likely to fall ill, rather than acknowledge that
their product makes babies dumber and sicker.

If that weren't enough, they ship their poisonous
product to the third world, marketing it with images
of prosperous American families. Poorfamilies, want-
ing the American best for their babies, spend a huge
percentage of their monthly income on powdered
formula and mix it with local unsafe water, and their
babies sicken and die. They send cases and cases of
artificial milk for disaster relief, knowing full well
that it will not only go to the orphaned, but to young
mothers who will be forced to buy it once both their
milk and the disaster supplies have dried up.

And people buy it. They buy it and put it in
their babies' mouths in spite of the fact that it
tastes terrible, is expensive, and isn't subject to
scientific testing or oversight.

Sound familiar? It should. It only gets worse
when the Wyrm actually takes a hand.

Black Furies

———————


Furies also care for those wolves that have been chased
out of their packs for mating with Garou. Whether their
fellow wolves can smell the odd nature of the pups she
carries, or simply are punishing her for breeding outside
the group, the outcome is the same: the gravid wolf is left
with no one to provide food or protection to her and her
young. The midwife's role in such cases is limited, toavoid
disturbing the wolfeven further. She protects the birthing
den, and leaves food outside it. Needless to say, the Black
Furies are not kindly disposed to Garou males who
impregnate wolves and leave the rest to fate.

And then there are the metis....

In nature, babies are born helpless. The young of
predator animals are usually blind and sometimes deaf,
their claws are soft and useless, their teeth small and
blunt if present at all. Human babies are at the extreme
end of the scale, requiring near-constant care for years
before they are capable of surviving alone.

Metis are unnatural; they break all the natural rules.
No one knows why the breeding of two Garou produces
the warped and sterile metis. Most Furies see it as a sign of
the Mother's displeasure, but quite a few see it as the
unpredictable influence of the Wyld, or the creeping taint
of the Wyrm. Regardless of the philosophical debate, the

expectant mother of a metis cub has some immediate
problems. A metis fetus may grow abnormally large, or
malformed in some way that precludes a normal delivery
(my own deformity, I'm told, did not make my birth
uncommonly difficult). They may have extra parts —
stumpy wings, antler or horn buds or sharp hooves. Many
unborn metis sport working claws and teeth. Unless the
cub is abnormally small, sickly, and premature (also all
common afflictions), the mother will suffer through an
excruciating labor and will likely suffer grave injury. The
Furies share cautionary tales of a Litany-breaker slain
under the light of the full moon, as a metis Ahroun cub
ripped its way out of the offending mother's womb.

Abortions
The Black Furies are divided in their views on

abortion. It is a topic that strikes deeply into their
beliefs, forcing each Fury to evaluate her prioritie:

an unpleasant sort of introspection that people rarely
enjoy. On one side of the balance hang the rights of
women to control their own bodies, to decide their
own futures — rights long in coming, and hard fought
for. On the other side hang the lives of the unborn
children, and a devotion to a natural way of life —

which for women, almost always involves bearing

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 43

NN


a A

children. Toss in other concerns, like human over-
population and the decline in Garou births among
Kinfolk, and it is practically impossible to guess any
given Fury's attitude toward the subject, even knowing
how she feels on other matters.

I see you shift, as though troubled. Unpleasant,
isn't it, having a sterile metis speak of breeding? Well,
Anxi, think for just a moment how much more painful
it must be for me, as I will never father my own
children, never revel in the joy of creating a life with
a lover. | am sorry for your discomfort, but you can just
suffer through it a bit longer.

Ptuman-Born Firrlat

The human-born among us are obviously the most
numerous, and the most in touch with the modern
world. As such, they tend to be the ones
women's rights among humans. They u

have often experienced them.

This may be a good place to discuss se:
it'smuch more commonly an issue among
among the other breeds. As you've pro!
Furies often take lovers of their own gend
never condemn a human (or, presumably,
doing the same. Although they unders'
life cannot come from such a union, ths
"growing closer" that results, and fee!

responsible for homosexuality. I am not@ scientist, of

course, but I have to question such a thigy's existence.
Awoman might end up in the arms of artother woman
by many twists of fate, ranging from the pure and good
(love and true desire) to the acceptable (curiosity) and
even to the dangerous and unhealthy (anger or jeal-
ousy). I have a great deal of trouble believing in any
kind of predestination for such a preference. And what
of women (or men) who enjoy the favors of both sexes?
Is there a "gene" for bisexuality as well? Hmph.

A woman's sexuality is hers, and can be a closely
guarded secret or a gift to the world, as she chooses.
Any who would attempt to dictate or restrict this
choice had best watch his step, lest the Furies hear.

Woff Born Prarlat

Daughtersof the pure Wyld, like my friend Amethyst
here, are getting more and more scarce as the years goon.
The natural wolves die or are imprisoned, making it
difficult or impossible to breed with them. In some tribes,
metis outnumber lupus, and although this is not the case
among the Black Furies, | think that's only because we
don't tend to birth metis as often as some others.

a ‘ ibe so dedicated to the Wyld,
e, no? The lupus would guide the
from Gaia, and the tribe

pain. We're deformed, sterile, impure, and so¥forth.
We're also more numerous than lupus werewolves
nowadays, just because we're easier to make. From our
end, we're reviled, even though I'm sure Carlotta could
tell you stories about just as many heroic metis as other
breeds — or just as many corrupt homids, for that
matter. We're warriors witho

lose the wolf we stay in the

knowledge of the Garou N

take years to obtain

yet we're still spit o1

Sent packing (b ef
while we're allo

, who | fave towatch
children. It's true for
gest mates to ensure the
very true for Garou, who
eeding. So, ifyouconceive
mber, isn't a privilege—you
means that foisting it off on
another tribe might se@m to be a bit of a cop-out, a
shirking of responsibility. That means two options ex:
kill the child or keep it. A tribe of women, of course, has
akind of collective maternal instinct, which means that
often they decide to keep the child. "Normal" male
Garou, when they're born to Black Furies, get adopted by
other tribes with enthusiasm, usually. The Children of
Gaia are the ones we most commonly "donate" male
children to, but in days of yore, you might well see a black-
furred Silver Fang. Oh, yeah, it happened. Not anymore,
which is too bad, because I understand the tribe could
really use it. Anyway, as the tribes spread out more and
more, other tribes adopted Fury males, either deliberately
orunwittingly. I've heard stories of Bone Gnawers, Silent
Striders, and even Glass Walkers with Fury blood. And

wolves, who breed
survival of their pack
have ratherstrict rules abo
ametis child —which, re
are responsible for it.

Black Furies

ae

alcatel eile


=

then there'sone very tragic story abouta Garou born Fury
and adopted by the Get...

Anyhow, we keep our metis males, and usually our
metis females. It's more rare to cast them out than to keep
them, but those we do keep don't get treated any differently
than the males. All metis get shunned for their parents'
crime, in our tribe and in others, but a female metis Black
Fury isa barren womb, somehow less a woman. (Doesn't it
occur to anyone that we male metis are equally afflicted?)

Kino

So who produces the non-metis cubs? Well, Kin-
folk, obviously. Now, here's a quick lesson. It takes a
woman and a man to create a child, and if all the
(fertile) Garou in the tribe are female, what does that
make the Kin? Good guess.

Black Fury Kinfolk are the strong, sensitive types,
most often. They have to be. They can' tbe prone to fits
of anger, because a lover's spat might get bloody. But
they don't live in fear; the Furies, on the whole, are
smart enough not to ate out any anti-male aggression
on their own Kin. O bh

mature enough to participaté in a "polyamorous" rela-
tionship, you'd never find three.

As faras where our Kinfolk live, we've pretty much
spread throughout the world. However, most of our
remaining wolf Kin live in Greece, protected by one

sept or another. I suppose there might be others in the
New World, but I haven't heard of them.

Aye Rofet

If might return to Carlotta's discussion of threes for
amoment, there are three particular factors that define a
Fury'srole in the tribe. One is auspice, which we've talked
about. One is breed, which we've also discussed. The third
is something best described as an "age role," although it
isn'texclusively based on age. Like your breed, it'sa group
of three — Maiden, Mother and Crone. Ah. You're
familiar with the concept; yes, it's like Clotho, Lachesis
and Atropos, or if you prefer, Urd, Skuld and Verdanda.
I'm glad they still teach the classics in public schools —
eh? A comic book? Well, I'll be. I suppose that just goes to
show that it's a famous concept, and rightly so; the roles
of Maiden, Mother and Crone hold a great deal of

eee

SN Ns ee

spiritual power. Black Furies can tap into a portion of that
Power through special rites and even Gifts, butone has to
recognize one's own aspect first. And thar' 's easy enough.

well, you, Anxi.

honorable choice,

just as valid as and certainly pref-

erable to irr ty. Am I making you

uncomfortable? Oh, come now...we're all sisters here,

right? Ah well, From your Rite of Passage to mother-

hood, you're a Maiden, and we'll move on from there.
A Fury becomes a

certainlynosham

ut to end, but I can't h€lp but hope that
there's time enough for them to change their minds.

Ahem. Pinal when a Fury passes the age of
0 bearachild

ey undergo the First
Change; never a Maiden, never a Mother.

Males, too? Well, to be honest, we don't even
count as Crones. The spiritual power of a Crone
requires the lost potential to bear children — a poten-
tial that males of any breed never possess. When it
comes to these ritual roles, male metis like myself are
left out in the cold. It may well be unfair, but I think
I've already said enough about that.

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 45

aan \s

|

2 re re ea Me Ae A A rumen mach

a AA
The Colyat

So much for who your sisters are — now I think
you should know a thing or two about the Furies that
qualify as your mothers or grandmothers. In particular,
the leaders of the two Calyxes. Membership in either
one is obviously a high honor; perhaps you will one day
rise to take your place among our leaders.

The Ouper Colye

Thirteen Furies comprise the Outer Calyx. They
are chosen from a much larger pool, and chosen by lot,
to represent the influence of the Wyld and Moirai
Clothoin the tribe. The Garou of the Outer Calyx come
from all over the world when it comes time to choose
new members; this happens every three years. If a
member of the Calyx dies during the interim, her
position is typically taken by her protégé, if she has one.
Ifnot, her seat is left vacant until a new Calyx is chosen.

Rank is not a determinant for who may comprise
the Outer Calyx — in theory. However, the festivities
that precede the moot that decides the Outer Calyx are
marked by games that serve to test the would-be
leaders, and a great deal of politicking goes on. Of
course, regardless of which Garou makes herself look
good, the final choices are still made by lot — or so
most believe. I can't help but notice, however, that
Jona Kinslayer has sat on the Outer Calyx fora number
of years now, despite the fact that the members are
chosen "randomly." Also, it seems strange that al-
though metis of both genders attempt to join the
Calyx, fate never seems to smile upon them.

The Calyx has a function, however, and does per-
form it well. It is meant to dictate tribal policy the world
over. Every Fury on the Calyx watches over a certain
region in the world, usually taking a position ina sept in
the area (Mistress of the Rite isa favorite). Between them,
the members decide what the tribe should focus on, plan
gatherings of Furies (rarely) and arbitrate serious disputes.
Coming to the attention of the Outer Calyx is often a way
togarner Renown, as the 13 of them keep in close contact
via spirits and other, more mundane means. Of course, if
a misdeed comes to their attention, expect Furies the
world over to recognize your name...

The loner Calyx

The story goes that Artemis granted five powerful
Black Furies powerful fetishes, one apiece. She gave
them her Cloak (to the Ragabash), her Salve (the
Theurge), her Bridle (the Philodox), her Loom (the
Galliard) and her Bow (the Ahroun). The five Garou
were the first Inner Calyx.

Since then, the membership of the Inner Calyx has
remained a mystery. Those of us who pay attention to
the tribe as a whole (often by residing at the same sept

46 Black Furies

| ama i Eee

asa member of the Outer Calyx) often hear rumors that
anew Inner Calyx has been chosen, but there isn't any
way to know. Artemis herself chooses the members, and
her movements have always been mysterious.

What we do know is that there are five Furies in
the Inner Calyx, one from each auspice. Each one is
supposed to be a sterling example of her auspice —
Amethyst mentioned earlier the means by which the
Ragabash is chosen, and the other tasks are equally
daunting. However, rank has nothing to do with being
chosen for the Inner Calyx, and I have heard tales of
Garou being chosen after reaching the rank of Fostern.

Different ideological breaks within the tribes are
measured by kuklos. While members of different kuklos
might not see eye to eye, they don't fight. We don't
need that kind of infighting in our tribe; we've already
got enough.

The Atmazont of Diana

Unlike many of the other kuklos, the Amazons of
Diana are rarely seen as a formal group, and in fact
many of their members neither think of themselves as
being part of a group nor refer to themselves as such.
The Amazons of Diana is often a catchall term for
those Black Furies who consider their primary role as
Garou to be unstoppable warrior-women. These Ama-
zons are less concerned with the Furies' traditional
roles as Gaia's avengers than they are with proving
their prowess in battle by comparison to males of tribes
like the Get of Fenris or the Shadow Lords.

The difference between these Furies and the rest of
the tribe is asubtle one; all Furies revere the Wyld, and
hate (or at least distrust) the Weaver and the Wyrm.
But givenachoice between investigating and enacting
justice on a batterer or rapist, or fighting gloriously at

Leaders?

Nowhere is the split between young and old
Furies more pronounced that in their opinions of
the Calyxes. After all, the Inner Calyx in invis-
ible. Ifthe highest leaders of the tribe can'teven be
bothered to reveal their identities, ask the young
Furies, how can the tribe trust that their edicts are
in the tribe's best interest? How can the tribe even
be sure that this Calyx even exists?

The Outer Calyx is no better. Young Furies
are disheartened that we choose our leaders by
random chance, especially when it doesn't seem to
be completely random. An Adren Fury seems to
have aslightly better chance at winning a seat on
the Calyx than a Fostern does, and so on up. This
apparent hypocrisy israrely confronted outwardly,
but the Cliaths of the tribe continue to grumble...

|


the teeth of some Wyrm-creature, the Amazons will
take the open battle every time. The Amazons of
Diana are warriors first, avengers second.

Although many of the more conservative mem-
bers of the tribe look down on them, Amazons are
valiant and forthright, and by far comprise the largest
faction among young Black Furies. They are the first to
defend the Furies' honor when the tribe is denigrated
by outsiders, and are the tribe's vanguard in assaults
against Wyrm holdings.

The most vocal and charismatic member of the
Amazons of Diana is a thirty-year-old homid named
Angela Cries-for-Blood. Unlike many other members
of the camp, she knows the value of quietly-established
alliances; she works behind the scenes as often as in
front of a Moot. She wants to bring the rest of the tribe
away from what she sees as a pointless and archaic
obsession with punishing lawbreakers, and forward to
the 21* Century's fight against the Wyrm and the
Apocalypse.

Carlotta cautions: While what Symon sa'
true for most the Amazons, I warn you against dismiss-
ing them. Many Amazons of Diana behave this way for
atime, and then either die or grow up. If they grow up,

shere is

they are taught that another level to their circle exists,
and it is concerned with protection rather than aggres-
sion, with prevention rather than retribution. In years
past, the kuklos wore this face openly; now, as the world
goes steadily mad, rationality must take second place
to madness. I beseech you, Anxi, do not join these
maniacs. There is no honor in blood for blood's sal

The Baccharsat

Any one of the Bacchantes will tell you that they
uphold the oldest, truest traditions of the Black Furies;
the Bacchantes are the Vengeance of Gaia. A Ba
chante fulfills her destiny by destroying the holdings
and livelihoods of the worst violators of Gaia's laws.
Not every Fury is cut out to avenge the Mother, the
Bacchantes tell you, but those who join the camp are
vicious whirlwinds of destruction.

Most outsiders do not distinguish between the
Bacchantes and the more numerous Amazons of Diana,
and in so doing ignore the greatest rift in the modern
Black Fury tribe. The Bacchantes see the Amazons as
deluded glory-hounds and third-generation feminists
who want to be seen as "women who can kick ass as
well as men." They believe the Amazons want nothing
more than to throw themselves onto the fangs of the

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 47


ne AA

Wyrm alongside the Get and the Shadow Lords — the
Bacchantes know that the war has to be fought closer
to the Wyrm's grasp on humanity.

That grasp is best displayed in the worst violators
of Gaia's law: rapists, serial murderers, matricides, vast
polluters, those performing human cloning experi-
ments, and so on. Rather than waste their energy
fighting the most obvious manifestations of the Wyrm's
power, the Bacchantes bring a personal, overwhelm-
ingly violent punishment to the criminals they dis-
cover. These assaults take place far from the eyes of
humanity, and the large-scale ones are most frequently
mistaken for natural disasters.

That isn't to say that the Bacchantes don't cooperate
with the rest of the tribe when the time is right. When a
Nexus Crawler or vampire pack endangers a sept's terri-
tory, the Bacchantes stand right beside the Amazons to
destroy the menace. It is simply that the Bacchantes
would prefer to come down like a hammer from orbit on
the planners and perpetrators of Wyrmlike crimes before
the danger escalates to such an obvious level.

The Freabootors

The Freebooter camp may not be the smallest camp
among the modern Black Furies — that distinction
belongs to the Temple of Artemis — but their numbers
are shrinking faster than any other camp's. The Free-
booters' collective mission is to find new Wyld places
that can be consecrated to Gaia and made into Caerns.
The camp is shrinking rapidly because there are so
damned few Wyld places in the world. For example, did
you know that there is nowhere in the United States of
America where a human cannot find a road within one
day's walk? The Canadian government has turned over
aquarterof British Columbiato logging interests, thereby
privatizing nearly every hectare of old-growth forest to
be found in the province. There is nowhere new left for
the Freebooters to explore.

The modern Freebooters show signs of an impend-
ing split. A small fraction of the camp, led by a
Ragabash Mother named Erin Walks-Through-Dark-
ness, believes that the Freebooters need to find a new
body for Gaia elsewhere in the Umbra, in a safe place
that the Wyrm has not yet found; her followers are
allied with the Wagnerian camp within the Garou
Nationat large. Walks-Through-Darkness won't come
out and say that she feels that the defense of Gaia, of
the physical plane, is a lost cause, but I have it on good
authority that she quietly believes this to be true.

Walks-Through-Darkness's group of Freebooters is
less than a fifth of the camp, however; the remaining
Freebooters dedicate themselves to finding subtly hidden
Wyld places in which to build caerns. Barring that, they
search foronce-holy places that they can re-consecrate to

4i

ae

the MotherGoddess. These Freebooters are alwayson the
move; once a new caern has been built (or an old one
rebuilt) they are back on the road, searching for another.
Amethyst adds: Also, they steal fetishes. Oh, not
from Garou who are using them well! No, they steal
tainted ones to destroy or (better yet) cleanse, or
unused or dormant ones to take to the Womb.

You don't know where the Womb is? Oh, Anxi....
The Moon- Langhans

The Moon-Daughters camp is one of the fastest-
growing groups of Black Furies. The Moon-Daughters'
rituals and doctrine echo modern New Age paganism
— their beliefs and practices are likely very similar to
those of the strega who live on the mainland — though
the Garourites have their origins in Gaia and can more
directly trace a continuous line into antiquity. How-
ever, the Moon-Daughters push themselves to keep
Gaia's spirit alive through change; in this, they try to
embody the force of the Wyld as best they can. They
feel that the hidebound traditionalism of the Temple
of Artemis is nothing more than the reach of the
Weaver toward the heart of their tribe.

The Moon-Daughters embrace change; they recog-
nize that no institution can stand the test of time, and
that establishments created in the dawning days after
Gaia's birth may have no place here on the cusp of the
Apocalypse. While the Moon-Daughters' rites can trace
their roots back thousands of years in time, no ancient
Black Fury ancestor-spirit would recognize those rituals
in their modern form. The Moon-Daughters effortlessly
adapt the trappings of the modern world to fit their
magics—inscriptionsonce traced on rock were sketched
with a quill pen in the 1700s and might be drawn ona
laptop computer screen today. Admittedly, the Moon-
Daughters are no Glass Walkers — their spirituality
isn't tied to the Weaver nor wrapped up in technology
— but they are unafraid of the modern world. A sister
unable to attend a sacred meeting or ritual in person
might telecommute or view a website log of the thing.

The Onder of Cur Maretfol Mother

The Order of Our Merciful Mother — or simply
the Order, according to many Black Furies — is prob-
ably the most often-derided kuklos in existence. When
the Catholic Church and its splinters and offshoots
began to spread throughout Europe in the wake of the
Roman Empire, the Order chose not to fight this
Patriarchal tool directly, but rather to infiltrate and
subvert it. They stepped into supporting roles as best
they could, and became nuns when the opportunity
presented itself. The "nuns," as other Furies sometimes
mockingly call members of this camp, pride them-
selves on their subtlety in comparison to other Garou.

Black Furies

ian </.


ee LTE EY SEIN er me

Nore itches!

"Oh, great," thinks the reader, "more namby-
pamby neo-witches in the World of Darkness.
Haven't we got enough of those?" The philoso-
phies of the Moon-Daughters, however, are hardly
all tranquility and love, nordo they really conform
to modern-day Wicca's beliefs.

The Moon-Daughters' involvement with
Wiccan circles in their communities helps them
keep an eye out for any lost cubs that might grow
up near their septs, and the Daughters frequently,
adapt their rites in response to useful insights
gleaned from discussion with pagans in such groups.
Since certain human sorcerers and agents of the
Wyrm sometimes keep a finger on these groups,
the Moon-Daughters occasionally learn of such
beings' machinations long before other Garou do.
However, in dealing with Wiccan and other neo-
pagan groups, the Furies try to teach them two

First, while faith might be eternal, religion
must evolve. Change is necessary for growth; many
iccans deride Catholicism for its stagnation
over the years, but neglect to learn the roots of
their own religion, many of which are quite recent.
The Moon-Daughters try to teach that every
woman is a vessel for the Goddess, no matter what
"level" in a "coven" she has reached.

Second, while the Furies understand the idea
behind the three-fold law (that everything one
does comes back threefold), they caution those
who listen against trusting in it. The world is often
random, and believing it to be loving and fair is
just as false as believing it to be cruel. Certainly
people and even spirits can be malevolent or kind,
but the world (and therefore Gaia, or the Goddess,
or whatever one wishes to call it) simply is. Guess-
ing at Her motives leads only to pain when, as
inevitably happens, bad things befall good people.
The Moon-Daughters believe that it is more im-
portant to prepare for the worst and keep the best
in one's heart than it is to assume the best and shut
out thoughts of the worst.

And, although they don't teach their human
allies of it, the Moon-Daughters understand the
chaotic, violent, brutal truth of the natural world,
and are capable of becoming part of that chaos at
a moment's notice. Needless to say, the old adage
of "An ye harm none, do what ye will" doesn't
always resonate with them

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight

The Order is somewhat loosely organized, as each
Fury pack tends to the Gaian needs of its immediate
community without regard to the tribe's larger plans.
In times of great need — there have been only a few in
the last century — the Order convenes in a great
Council at an isolated caern in northern Italy and
agrees on a common plan of action. The last Great
Council of the Order was called during the Second
World War; its leader, Madre Teresa Escondido of
Colombia, died during a ritual just a few years ago.
Reports have already arisen that Escondido resides
among the honored ancestor spirits, and dotes on no
few of her descendants among the Furies.

The Order of the Merciful Mother works to reform
human society using that society's tools — politics, the
arts and popular culture, and most especially religion.
Garou of the Order of the Merciful Mother sometimes
join a religious order as they join the Order (when the
Curse doesn't interfere too badly), and most genuinely
agree with the stated mission of the religious group
they join. This can be the cause of some internal
conflict for the Garou, who takes a solemn oath to
serve God and the Church (or the group they join —
Furies of the Order of the Merciful Mother do not
merely join Catholic groups) and also has to uphold
her primary responsibility to Gaia.

Carlotta offers an opinion: What Symon says
about the derision this camp faces is true. During my
years with the Vatican, I was actually challenged to
combat to the death by no fewer than three Furies who
felt that I was contributing to the suffering and oppres-
sion of women everywhere. What many Furies forget is
that women in religious orders are there by choice. If
they have made that choice because of guilt, shame, or
faith, so be it. It is not for us to judge our sisters. Also,
despite the Catholic-sounding name of the camp, the
Order finds its members in religions the world over. For
example, Jesal Voice-of-the-Sands, an elder (and mem-
ber of the Outer Calyx, if memory serves) is a devout
Muslim as well as the ritemistress for a caern in Egypt.
She receives hershare of abuse for wearing the veil, but
bears it all with more stoicism than I ever could.

Why did I leave the Order? My sister, what makes
you think I left? I was never a cloistered nun, merely a
historian. Joining a religious order isn't necessary for
being a member of the Order of the Merciful Mother.
Merely being associated with the religion is enough.

49


Seer ever ren nares arvana a rem ane wrenmnarenseh

Cyrittlantty to the Works of Darkwart

Instark contrast to the real world, in the World
of Darkness, conservative religious bodies have
higher memberships and wield far greater power.
The Roman Catholic Church, in particular, has a
far larger membership in the World of Darkness
than it does in the real world; this may be due to the
influence of the Weaver and its works, or the
machinations of vampires and similar beings.

This is not to say that Protestant denomina-
tions are empty of members, of course, but in the
World of Darkness the sorts of moderate, amiable
Protestant churches found throughout America
are far rarer, instead outnumbered by extremely
conservative "fire-and-brimstone" sorts of congre-
gations. Indeed, in small towns and rural commu-
nities, lynch mob justice and "God's judgment"
might well force a Fury to take violent action...

a See

The Sittorbood

The Black Furies of the Sisterhood are never bored or
lonely. These Garou manage networks of contacts and
information that might rival those of the Bone Gnawers or
Glass Walkers. When another Fury needs a tidbit of
information — a corporate executive's address, the loca-
tion of the nearest Kinfolk physician, or the name of a good
club to relax at — she contacts a Sister. The Sisters earn a
lot of favors through this kind of information peddling, but
they don't dangle such debts over their tribemates' heads.
Many cheerfully admit to being natural information
networkers anyway — they just tend to collect minutiae
and trivia about people and places over the course of an
average day — and if this information proves useful in the
fightagainst the Wyrm, hey, at least it's good for something.

Many Ragabash Sisters also work as procurers.
Nearly any of them can get easy things (fireworks in
upstate New York on the 3" of July); some can get
difficult things (a security key for a high-tech
corporation's headquarters); crones can get impossible
things (a liter of giant's blood). They aren't thieves,
mind you; they just seem to know where to find things.

The Sisterhood came about during the Inquisition;
Furies who came to form this camp spent their years
spiriting Garou, Kinfolk, and wise women out of the
path of the Church and from there to safety. As they
learned byways, roads, and Moon Bridges around most
of Europe, they discovered that the information they
brought with them was at least as valuable to allied septs
as another set of claws and teeth. The centuries refined
the Sisterhood's role to that which we see today; they do
less traveling now, but they still perform the activity
that brought their ancestors together.

50 Black Furies

Oe ee

The Furies of the Order of the Merciful Mother and
those of the Sisterhood do not get along particularly well.
The Sisterhood sees the Furies of the Order as having
been co-opted by the Church centuries ago, when the
Sisterhood was trying to fight the Church—orat least get
out of its way. Few Sisters believe that the nunscouldhave
spent as long as they have in the Patriarch's embrace
without having been at least slightly tainted.

Carlotta disagrees: | have worked alongside Sis-
ters, both Kinfolk and Garou, and even when they
knew of my affiliations, they judged me on my actions
and not my beliefs. Symon, perhaps your experience
differs from mine, but don't give the child — young
sister, pardon me — the idea that kuklos are at war!

Thee Taimple of Artoms

No cubs are permitted to enter the ranks of the
Temple of Artemis, and perhaps one Fostern ina hundred
meets the Temple's strict requirements for entry. The
Temple of Artemis is by far the most conservative camp
of the Black Furies; they are firm allies of the Bacchantes
camp, serving as the wisdom to that group's rage.

The Temple of Artemis urges all Black Furies to pull
away from the other tribes, as those Garou ignore the
race's imperative to strike down criminals against Gaia's
law in favor of a quixotic hundred-front war they cannot
hope to win. The Crones of the Temple know that their
tribemates must strike at the Wyrm, but not in a disor-
dered frenzy, as they do now. The Furies must work as a
cohesive whole, and allow each of the other tribes to work
onitsown, as well; cross-tribe packs area travesty andmay
even violate Gaia's laws. Certainly they violate Gaia's
apparent intentions in separating the Garou Nation up
into thirteen (all right, sixteen) tribes in the first days.

The Temple of Artemis influences the Outer
Calyx to a degree out of proportion to its size. This is
primarily due to demographics; the Outer Calyx chooses
its membership from the eldest and most experienced
Furies, and the Temple of Artemis has more Crones in
it than any other camp does. Furies drift into the
Temple of Artemis camp as they get older and see the
impotence of young Furies' rage in the face of the
Wyrm's might. Accordingly, those selected from the
Temple of Artemis into the Outer Calyx have fairly a
fairly cynical and conservative attitude toward the
value of frontal assault against the Wyrm's forces.

Members of the Temple of Artemis have been
known to stand in judgment of Fury lawbreakers with-
out the knowledge or consent of either Calyx or the
elders of the accused Furies' home sept. This sort of
thing happens most often when Fury lawbreakers re-
side in a multi-tribal caern and Crones of the Temple
do not feel that the lawbreakers will meet with appro-
priate justice at that sept's leaders' hands.


The Temple of Artemis holds the Moon-Daughter
camp in particularcontempt; the Cronesfind the younger
sisters and little daughters of this group cloying and too
inclined tos as revolutionary, when in fact
they are merely rehashing of thrice-digested Gaian
wisdom blended with a little human New Agery. The
Moon-Daughters obviously have honest faith in their
belief system, and the most patient of the Crones of the
Temple just wait forthe Daughters to outgrow this phase
and join the rest of the tribe.

The LYany

I'm quite sure you've heard it all. Stay awake and
listen again. This is important stuff, you know.

Why? Well, consider this. You've no doubt heard
unpleasant things about all of the other tribes, and
probably some good things as well. But you know all
the tribes have their own take on the world and how it
should run. So, when you think about the Litany,
remember that all of the tribes agreed on these tenets
quite a lot of years ago. Changing the Litany requires
aunanimous decision on the part of the Garou Nation
Think that'll ever happen again?

Garou Shall Not tafe wth Garow

Now, why is this the first law of the Litany, hmm
Must be pretty important. I think that it was put first so

their idea:

?

that by the time you got to the last one, you'd forget
about it. No, I'm not serious. But it's hard to look a metis
in the face and say "it would be better if you had never
been bom, you walking breach of Gaia's law." That kind
of cruelty doesn't really help anyone, does it?

The Furies don't exactly go easy on us metis, as I've
said, but they're better about it than some tribes.
Others tend to shun metis completely or use them as
cannon fodder, and even among the Furies, we work
twice as hard. I understand it. I really do. We really are
children conceived in sin, and while we can't be
faulted for our parents' mistake (and they are pun-
ished), we are asked to make up for it.

All that said, if you really feel you can't control the
urge to mate with another werewolf, go confess your
impure thoughts to a sept elder. By the time your ears
stop ringing, odds are you won't find him so attractive
anymore anyway.

Carlotta adds: Note that there's a big difference
between "breeding" and "having sex." The Children of
Gaia feel this way, I believe: Sex with other werewolves
is all right, so long as pregnancy doesn't result. Now,
the problem is that for whatever reason, be it our
unique physiology or a curse from Gaia, we tend to
conceive easily during such matings. There's a really
obvious solution, of course, and it happens fairly fre-


Senne eres ern nu APU A APO ae aneresenrensv

a A

quently among the Furies. Of course, taking pleasure
with another woman isn't for everyone.

Combat fhe Wherever It Duele and
Wherewer If

The Law actually states that "the Wyrm is the
source of all evil in the world." What a load of shit.
That's just so convenient, isn't it: point the blame for
all of our problems at this one adversary and then
anytime something goes wrong, we canall yell "Wyrm!"
Frees us up from little things like responsibility.

The Wyrm is not responsible for all the evils of the
world. Rape, murder, and so forth happen, and I'm willing
to bet they'd happen without the Wyrm's influence. So,
first of all, free your mind from that part of the law.

Now, that said, it's still vital to fight the Wyrm,
because the Wyrm just makes things worse. If we could
get the Wyrm to knock off trying to corrupt and
destroy everything, there would still be a lot of work to
do — but we could do it without having a near-
omnipotent entity working against us! So when the
Wyrm presents and obvious target, take your shot. The
Black Spiral Dancer you tear to pieces today won't be
around to rape your Kinfolk tomorrow. The Bane-
tainted food you burn won't ever poison anyone.

Amethyst cautions: The problem is, all we do by
fighting Wyrm-things is delay. We don't really help.
Kill one Dancer, even one Dancer pack, and still more
are born. Jump at any chance you get to hurt the
Wyrm, and you'll be burned out or dead soon. I think
the Final Battle won't be a battle at all, as much as the
Amazons and many other Garou would like. I think
the Wyrm's going to get us to fight some huge beast,
and we'll think we've won, only to find the Wyrm has
slipped behind us and captured the prize.

I don't leave my sept much, other than in the
Umbra. My opinion has always been that announcing
one's presence and intentions when entering another's
territory is polite and proper behavior.

Carlotta answers: Yes, it is. But I'll add a bit more
to that. A predator sees any encroachment on her
territory as a threat. If the intruder nears her den,
expect her to become very violent. Thus, bear this
tenet of the Litany heavily in mind if you ever have
occasion to visit a caern held by the Red Talons, as
they will attack intruders without questions.

In urban caerns and septs, announcing howls are
impractical at least. But then, itis nearly impossible for
a Warder to guard more than the actual heart of the
caern ina city. If you visit an urban caern and have the
means, call ahead to the Warder or sept leader and
announce yourself that way. As Symon says, it's just

52 Black Furies

= Eee

polite; you wouldn't want uninvited guests dropping
over all the time, would you?

Amethyst laments: This Law is often overlooked.
Europeans stole from Pure Ones, we all stole from
other Fera. If we had paid attention to this Law, maybe
there would still be Bunyip and Croatan. But we didn't,
we went to their homes without announcing, and got
angry when they fought.

If you enter another's territory and announce
yourself, that doesn't mean you can stay. The one who
lives there can still tell you to leave, and you should
respect her wishes. While all Garou should help each
other, you cannot presume to know what is happening
in a strange sept. Be careful when traveling.

Accept an Honorable Surremfer

Look, we've all got anger control problems. It's part
of who we are. And that means that someday, some
Garou, either Fury or otherwise, is going to piss you offand
you're going to throw down the gauntlet. When that
happens, Gaia runs the risk of losing two champions.

Fighting another werewolf is just stupid. If any-
body ever challenges you, remember that you usually
have the right to invoke a challenge of gamecraft, or
endurance (like a race), or something other than
straight combat. Even if it has to be a fight, you could
try to get the Master of the Challenge to rule that the
fight goes until first blood, or even first fall. If it's got
to be fang and claw, however, try to know when you're
beaten. If you're hurt, quit. If it's a life-and-death
matter of honor, ask yourself whose. I've got news for
you: I've never, never, heard of a dead Garou coming
back tous and saying, "I'm really glad I let that Ahroun
kill me instead of surrendering, because dying with my
honor intact makes me a greater force for Gaia."

Die to be a hero if you want, but don't die to prove
you were right. And, likewise, don't kill to prove it
either. When the challenge is over, when the winner
is declared, accept the ruling and live with it. That
means not holding a grudge if you're beaten and not
gloating if you win. This is one tenet of the Litany I'm
in full agreement with.

Carlotta reasons: All well and good, if you're fight-
ing someone you trust not to tear your throat out if you
expose it. The problem is, you never know who's going to
go berserk in a fight and see you as. a moving shape to be
torn in two instead of a Garou. Challenges are serious
business — never initiate one without good cause.

JSibtuton fo Thate of ligher Syaplon

This one is dangerous. "Higher station" is some-
times used synonymously with "man," and you can guess
how well that goes over with the Black Furies. I'd love
to be able to say that Furies understand that someone of

SR LR RST BEN IE TE SEELEY

higher rank isn't necessarily of higher rank because of
gender, but that just isn't so. A lot of younger Black
Furies (the Amazons of Diana in particular) try to make
ita point to heckle males of any tribe, regardless of rank,
and that gets them into trouble.

"Submission" is the other problem. Furies don't
like the word or the concept. Following a good leader
is fine. Obeying orders in battle is good. But submitting
to an alpha's will sticks in the throats of most Furies,
especially if that alpha happens to be male.

In recent times, this Law has become less impor-
tant as Cliaths have gotten more independent and
wonder about the wisdom of sticking to the old ways
when the old ways don't seem to be getting them
anywhere. That's especially true in our tribe, as the
divide between young and old Furies grows wider. I
once heard one Cliath ask, "What's the elder going to
do? Come down from the Calyx and kick my ass?"
Crude, but valid, I'm afraid.

Carlotta adds: Symon fails to mention that alphas
fall back on whatever laurels they can to keep control.
Sometimes that means reciting the deeds of their
ancestors, sometimes it means rallying others around
them, but sometimes they try to do it by force. If ever
aGarou tries to dominate one of your sisters, no matter
what her tribe, help her. Do not look away. I hardly
need to explain what that will lead to.

The First Sbare of the kif
Jor the Cireatest la Station

"Greatest in station" usually means "highest in
rank." The tenet means that the alphas eat first, leaving
cubs and metis the scraps. This works all right for normal
wolves, but for Garou, it tends to chafe somewhat.

Like the previous tenet, this Law commonly de-
volves into a pissing contest between men, and is
disregarded among women. When a pack of Garou led
bya Black Fury makes a kill, be it ina hunt or in battle,
she usually tries to give credit where it's due. If that
means letting a younger pack member have a fetish or
some other "spoil" that she'd rather have, that's the
way it goes. I don't want to suggest that all Furies are
this mature and egalitarian, but the greed and haugh-
tiness that drive other Garou to keep all the best stuff
just because they can isn't very common in our tribe.

Amethyst relates a story: | heard about a pack
that included a Freebooter. Her alpha, a proud and
rather pompous Glass Walker Ahroun, enforced this
tenet pretty severely. After a battle in which they
destroyed a powerful Leech, the pack discovered a
long-lost fetish in the vampire's home. The Glass
Walker immediately seized it, claiming that the glyphs
on it marked it as belonging to his tribe anyway. And

ee ee ae

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight

Ns eee

that was true; the Glass Walker glyph was indeed
etched on the side of the odd statuette. The Black Fury
objected, but he shouted her down.

Three months later, the pack had to hunt down
and slay its own alpha for the crime of eating human
flesh. Itseems that the "fetish" he had found was in the
vampire's collection fora reason; another Glass Walker
had planted it there to act as a deterrent to the Leech's
bloodsucking. It had a... strange effect on the Garou
who attuned himself to it. The Fury could have warned
him, had he let her.

Ys Stall Not Eat fhe Desh of Homans

Amethyst'sstory leads us directly into the next Law.
We all know why it isn't good to eat humans; for one
thing, their flesh is fouled by the chemicals they eat, and
for another, we're meant to protect and avenge them,
not prey upon them. The Impergium already did irrepa-
rable damage to the human psyche; we have no reason
to inflict more. If it becomes necessary to kill humans,
do so, but remember that you are what you eat.

From the face you're making, I can assume you find
the notion of cannibalism to be truly repulsive. That's
good. Here'sa word of warning, though, Anxi. You were
born human, which means if you descend too deeply
into rage, you may find yourself breaking this tenet
regardless of your intentions. That might give you some
clemency if you're found out... but then again, maybe
not. Also, I'm told that human flesh is addictive. Those
whostart out preying on humans by accident sometimes
end up seeking out situations where they know every-
thing will end in violence, reasoning that what they do
in frenzy isn't their fault. I've heard tell of Amazons of
Diana put down in shame by their own sisters for getting
a little too deeply into their work.

R T hate Beneath Ya —
AA of Gaia

Yet another dominance Law, ifa little more subtle
than those before it. This can be interpreted as a kind
of "Do unto others" sort of tenet — everything on
Earth is of Gaia, after all, and while life feeds upon life,
we must recognize that in the end we become food as
well. Lupus don't often need this tenet explained for
them, as it comes naturally; they know that the prey
exist to be eaten, and the lupus respect their sacrifice.

Of course, some Garou see this as a kind of noblesse
oblige, a reminder to be kind and sympathetic to their
lessers. These are ones you'll see nodding blandly when
young Garou speak up about the dangers of the Weaver
as well as (or instead of) the Wyrm. And as much as I'd
like to say that Furies follow the first interpretation,
the fact is we've got plenty of both in our tribe.

3

ANY

|

|

The Vall Salt Not Ba Life

When people see our war-form, they go insane for
ashort time. Sometimes, that "short time" is the rest of
the unfortunate person's life. Sometimes the person has
nightmares for years. Sometimes the person remembers
everything, and then we have to worry about a hunter
stalking us, or a reporter snooping around a sept.

Do not use the Delirium as cover. While the vast
majority of people will forget what they saw or have
delusions about wild dogs or bears, the one person who
remembers might be enough to cause you problems later.
Likewise, police carry firearms in most nations, and when
faced with a raging Crinos, they might start firing indis-
criminately. Find other ways to hide your action. If Rage
is called for, then leave no one alive. That may seem
harsh, but living by that rule will certainly make you less
likely to change shape without need.

Also remember that the war-form is the only one
that incites the Delirium. You might change from your
wolf skin directly to your natural form, Anxi, and no
one looking on will forget or lose her mind.

Hiding from humanity dismays some of the haugh-
tier Furies, who enjoy seeing grown men wet them-
selves and flee in terror. The problem is that humans
are resilient and tenacious, especially in fear or hatred.
If they knew we existed, they would feel threatened,
and they would come for us with silver and fire.
Discretion, little sister.

Pie Ta oe

Old age usually isn't a problem for Garou. We die
in glorious battle and resign our souls to Gaia much
more often than we die of natural causes. But this tent
doesn't just apply to death by old age. A Fury of any age
may be wounded beyond hope, or poisoned by Balefire
or some other such Wyrm-toxin. When this happens,
the healers of our tribe do everything they can to save
their sister's life. Quests into the Umbra to find mysti-
cal herbs or to entreat spirits are not uncommon.

Sometimes, however, we must let go. It's hard to
face, but when there's nothing more to be done, the
Furies try to accept their fates and move on to the next
life. Better to die in peace than live in agony, I've always
said. When the time comes for me to die, assuming, of
course, that I do not die in battle, I shall walk into the
sea and let the waves take me on my last journey.
pp hae ine: Sd habenged

Clever law, this. It requires peace, after all. And in
the last days, when are we ever at peace?

The leaders of the Black Furies — the Inner Calyx —
have another way around this Law. No one knows who or

54
Lh hvw———

a fe!

where they are! They can't be challenged if no one can
find them. But there shouldn't be any need to challenge
them, as they are chosen by Artemis herself, right?

I'm not saying that the system is corrupt, only that
it could be. Of all the tenets of the Litany, this is the
one that angers the younger Furies the most, because
it puts the possibility of change in front of them, and
then yanks it away.

The Leader May Not Be Challenged
Daurlag Wartime

What this is supposed to mean, I think, is that
during a battle, the alpha's word is law. You can't ask
"Why?" when the alpha yells a battle tactic at you, you
just have to go along with it. Disobeying the orders of
an alpha in battle will cost you Renown at the least,
and quite possibly your life. Even the Ragabash, ques-
tioners that they are, know better than to pause during
combat to poke holes in the alpha's strategy.

Ye Shall Take NoAdhion
That Covet a Crern fo Be Viosated

There's really very little to say here. This tenet of the
Litany isn't open for discussion or re-interpretation, and
since you live at one of the most unique and powerful
caerns remaining, I don'tthink it's necessary to explain it.

I will say, however, that if a caern Warder seems
harsh or if the rules seem strict, this tenet is why. Better
a little inconvenience for you than a lost caern.

The Fane of the Nother

The four Garou stand up from the rocks just as they
begin to melt away into mist. Anxi wonders where they will
end next, what more she can leam. Carlotta reaches
forward and the mists opens for her, as though she were
drawing back a curtain. The four werewolves step through
the opening into what looks like a library.

"This is where I do much of my work, sister," says
Carlotta, perhaps with a touch of pride in her voice. From
here one can leam nearly anything about the world in which
we live. The only thing better is taking a tour — you get
something in between."

Carlotta opens a huge atlas and points to Greece
"Shall we begin in your homeland?"

Syrope

Such a small place, yet so many differing cultures!
Any biologist will tell you that you may measure how
well an area thrives by the diversity of life it supports.
Europe has much to offer the Furies, both in the way of
allies and enemies.

You may be aware that caerns in Europe are much
more likely to house only one tribe than in other lands.

Black Furies

en yy,


Sen ee

werful but well-hidden caern — not too far from the
Fans of? ‘the Phack Porta pee that's playing host to you, I would imagine. Of
Carlotta adds to the Litany: course, one hears a lot of legends about the Inner Calyx.
Symon has explained the Litany and how it Septs in Greece hold moots open to all Black Furies
relates to us fairly well, but let me add a few "laws" occasionally. If you have the chance — and you prob-
that the Furies abide as nearly as important. ably will, given that you're native to these isles — |
© Suffer no Abuse to Woman: Women are, suggest you go. First, it will letyourevel in the rites of the
on average, not as physically strong as men. This Furies, hear their songs, dance and howl with your
means that they sometimes need protection. | sisters, and truly be a daughter of the Wyld. Second, it
hardly need to tell you who should provide it. will give you insight into the Bacchantes, because
© Remember Your Parents Uriless 1 missed although not all of us belong to that particular circle, all
amajor theological event, there haven't been any ofusdocarry their Rage. Notall of ourrites are clean and
immaculate conceptions recently. That means joyous; a good number are bloody. Some smaller villages
you were born of a man and a woman. No matter in Greece still hang their windowsills with special herbs
your personal feelings on men, they are and always tokeep the wolves away, and lock their doors tightwhen
have been one half of the equation. A man is not they hear our cries. Sometimes, like Actaeon, a young
evil simply by dint of his sex; to believe so is no man gets brave and follows the noises. Like that unfor-
better than calling women "the weaker sex." tunate hunter, he is taught a brief and quite brutal lesson
© Train the Weak; Protect the Helpless: in minding his own business.
You do remember the difference, don't you? Weak The Palhant
people produce more weak people, and since hu- There is something here, some horrible Wyrm-
mans have virtually no method of natural selec- minion that drives the people of these lands to the
tion, it is up tous to try to correct their weaknesses horrible measures they take. They seem to want free-
as best we can. dom, but the rape camps and other such atrocities that
* Keep the Wyld Places Pure: This has both have sprung up are no course to freedom. Something is
symbolic and literal meaning. Some Furies take urging the citizens towards these evils, for I cannot
this to mean "protect your sexuality": That is, believe that they did this themselves.
don't give it away cheaply. Others believe it to be And yet, | am forced to face the possibility that the
a simply reminder to guard caerns and other such only cause for the suffering in the Balkans is human
holy places. I think it means both, and more folly. The Black Furies and the Shadow Lords have
besides; women carry many secrets and our con- actually worked together to find the source, but no
nection to the Mother is something a man might source presents itself. It would be easier on all of us if
guess at, but never feel. I believe this tenet is some Wyrm-spirit, no matter how powerful, would
reminder to revel in what it is to be a woman. show itself and claim responsibility. How long can the
world last if humans do the Wyrm's work for it, and
That means that most of our sisters here live in Greece, with such enthusiasm?
although the occasional Fury can be found in other parts
of the continent. Wherever we are needed, we go — Alla
granted that we can earn permission, of course. That tends The only Garou native to the Far East, to my
to mean that we are rare in the Germanic and Scandina- _ knowledge, are the Stargazers. | never had the chance
vian homelands of the Get of Fenris—for obvious reasons. —_to speak with one of these Garou, and now perhaps |
Greece never will. | consider it a shame, for I know little of
‘Our beloved tribal homeland: Whatfew.of our what transpires in Asia. I hear stories of female chil-
lupine Kinfolk remain live here. The strega — our dren drowned at birth, and ofhorrible slave-trade rings
Gavidble hhunian Wnsfoll-—iteaidle here's well, cativin — but nothing from Furies who live there.
capable human. » Carrying:
word for us or offering hospitality or a place to rest. The . Amethyst adds: U have heard that other Fera in
island that houses your sept, in fact, is legally owned by Asia may join with packs of Garou, and that they respect
a group of strega who live on the mainland, but I'm sure the Garou, rather than fear or hate them. This must be
you knew that. Although our numbers have decreased, truly strange, to join a pack with a lizard or a fox!
you can always find sisters here in the Greek isles. If the The Ntidde af
legends are true, the Inner Calyx resides on one of the Tick bigot eee thot vou have ace head
thay sland tet they Aegean' Seay: watching overse: sa came Milils Eat {Have never N

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 55


4 eee eres rae PTA SS ASLAM PSE SS emer aaa

ventured here, and all I can tell you is that reading the
Quran paints a very different picture of Islam than
what is actually practiced.

The Quran, for example, states that women must
wear veils so that they will not be molested and may
maintain their dignity. The idea is for men to talk with
them rather than ogle them. Can't say I disagree with
the spirit, but the problem is that it has the effect of
making women look the same, and I can't help feeling
that might make us interchangeable for some men.
Also, it isn't just the veil that causes us problems.
Female circumcision, while not an official Islamic
practice, does happen. There are certain circumstances
where it is legal for a father to murder his daughter.

If you venture there, be prepared to hold your Rage
in check. The Leeches are strong in the Middle East, in
Egypt especially, and we have precious few safe havens.

Another land which has seen more than its share
of bloodshed in recent years. Massacres create or fatten
Banes, which move on to infect others, which only
worsens the situation. The only bit of hope I can offer
here is the Ahadi. News have come to us via the Silent
Striders of an alliance of sorts — many of the Fera in
Africa have agreed to help, rather than fight, each
other. I cannot say what the particulars of this agree-
ment are; all | know is that the parties involved seem
committed to supporting one another for more than a
time-sensitive task or two. Time will tell how well this
agreement will work, but I hardly need to say that the
Furies who know of it support it completely.

I know, it's more a gesture than a proper oath of
allegiance. After all, we're not strong in Africa —
there are no wolves there! The Bone Gnawers and
Silent Striders may have found ways to breed with the
local canids, but they keep those secrets; and truth be
told, I have no desire to learn the secret of breeding
with jackals for myself.

Jott Awwertea

Some silly young homids of other tribes buy into
the persistent urban legend that a "lost tribe" of Furies
lives on in the depths of the rainforest. I'm sure that in
the imaginations of those who perpetuate the myth,
these wild women wear jaguar-skin bikinis, have lovely
blonde hair, and regularly shave their legs.

What is true is that the Amazon rainforest is no
closer to being saved than it was ten years ago — in
fact, it's lost more and more ground. The idiot humans
continue to think that if they could just clear away the
trees, they'd have wonderful land for agriculture, never
once realizing that it's the forest itself that preserves
the land. And so the war in the Amazon rages on, and

56 Black Furies

Ee a aT,

ne fA eee

each year more Garou die. The war chief is one of the
Fenrir, which causes the Amazons of Diana no end of
consternation. I have heard, however, that the
chieftain's usual response to a challenge is to say, "Tell
me why you think you could do better." Since few
young upstarts ever have good answers for him, he
considers that the end of the challenge.

One of the more important warriors in the Ama-
zon is Electra Shieldmaiden, a Galliard who wishes to
preserve the tales of the war. While I applaud her noble
efforts and the success that she's had interacting with
the native peoples, if we don't win the war, it won't
matter how well the stories are preserved.

North Atwcrlea

Apart from my home in Italy, this is where I've
spent most of my time. I schooled in America, and it
still amazes me the remarkable freedom that the citi-
zens have, and how they choose to squander it.

Women suffer here, true, and the suffering is not
sanctioned by the law the way it is in other lands. A
woman who is raped may take legal action against her
assailant — but so many do not. So many believe the
courts will do nothing — and if their attackers are rich
and privileged enough, that is sadly true. Date rape is a
fact of life at college campuses, and the heads of frater-
nities, coaches, so-called educators — they all turn a
blind eye, afraid to offend the alumni. A wife who is
beaten may leave her husband — but often, she stays,
believing he will somehow change. It is a beautiful
optimistic belief, and sometimes true, that a person —
aman — is capable of change, but how many beatings
does it take for the improbability of it all to sink in?

And this isn't the worst thing about the country,
either. Celebrities and advertisements show thin and
unhealthy-looking women being adored and generally
enjoyinglife. So, young girls are made to feel abnormal and
loathe their bodies. The Church decries sexuality for any
reason but procreation — and women learn to fear their
sexual power. And wecan'texactly storm the offices of the
advertising companies howling the Anthem of War. The
changes necessary must almost be made one woman at a
time, and we don't have the years left to do it.

Austra

The Furies may have allied with Shadow Lords in
Europe, but Australia is another matter. Barely more
than a score of Furies live here, most of them in the
Kangaroo Island Protectorate. Beyond that, you might
find a Fury or two in other lands and in other septs.
However, the specter of the murdered Bunyip hangs
over the Umbra of Australia, and the Furies partici-
pated in their slaughter along with all the other tribes
(save for the Children of Gaia, so they say). Time may


.

dull the memory, but we still have blood on our claws.
Remember that, should you ever travel to Australia.

The Umbra

Amethyst speaks of the Umbra: Carlotta lets me
talk about the spirit-world, which is fitting since I'm
not only a lupus but a Theurge as well. Maybe the
elders at your sept have talked about the Umbral
Realms to you? Good, then I just have to touch on
some important places.

First of all, any Realm that's still Wyld and pure is
important to us. Pangaea lets us lay down tribal diffi-
culties fora time, while still running free and wild. The
Heart of the Wyld, sometimes called Flux Realm, is
common place for Furies to quest. Some homid Furies
need to understand the beauty of the Wyld —and then
some Bacchantes who have descended too far into
revelry need to be tossed into the chaos and forced to
swim against it. It's harsh, but good exercise.

The Fury home-realm is... home. There's really not
another way to describe it. Even if we've never seen
Greece, the Furies feel like they're in the right place
upon entering the realm. If you're really lucky, you'll get
invited to a moot in the home-realm, although I warn
you, they can get pretty wild... and bloody. While
Carlotta mentioned the Inner Calyx is rumored to meet

'm j
ej Fi A tee,
onone of the Greek Islands in the Realm, | think it's just
as likely that they meet in our tribal homelands.

Finally, there's one more Realm we visit fairly often:
Aurcity. I've been there, sister, and let me tell you that
if you think things are bad on Earth... you're right. Every
crime of man against woman is right there to view, so if
you ever need proof-positive that you need to take
action against a particular man, it's probably there
somewhere. Just remember that everything you see in
Atrocity already happened. If you trying to view it as
though it's happening now, you'll go mad. I saw a Fury
run from emanation to emanation, trying to end the
horror. We finally lost track of her — she's either still
there or she's wandering the Umbra somewhere.

The That

The other twelve tribes — eleven, actually, within
the Garou Nation —have theirown particular quirksand
foibles. Now, it runs in my mind that] had... here we are.

This transcript is simply the opinions of two Furies,
recording their experiences and insights regarding the
other tribes. Read it, but remember that the Black Furies
rarely speak as one. This holds true from the most trivial
opinions (which local bands are the best?) to the most
important (which of the Triat is the greatest foe?).

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight 57


ae AA

Accordingly, when it comes to the Furies' opinions of
other tribes, | decided it would be more realistic to
present two opinions. The first is that of Cara, a young
Fury and Amazon of Diana. The second is Konstantina,
an older Fury, and member of the Temple of Artemis.
Neither of these precisely speaks for the "average" Black
Fury, of course, but you may be able to triangulatea tribal
median of opinion. Neither Cara nor Konstantina are
infallible, of course, and the three of us may interject at
times to offer our own thoughts.

Bove Goanert

Cara: They dwell in the city and work with Glass
Walkers, Ratkin, and
them. And they are

part of "Garou shal

possible, but when I am left with no other choice and
need information in the city, I go to them. Of course,
that information does not come cheaply.

Symon interjects: Cara seems to feel that the
Bone Gnawers and the Ratkin are bosom companions.
Other than the fact that they both worship the same
totem, I have no reason to believe that the two groups
have any real contact, any more than the rare pack that
follows Panther is sought out by the Bastet.

liber of Cala
Cara: Generall
—we are a warrior x
But then I heard
that went throug

on these guys
the Children?

First Change just recently and the
opted him withoutasecond thought,
a debt owed or er support. I'm

finally put u
resolve is near!
come to regret that.

Parma

hani 0 stop an
nniatche

ing blow, their
enemies quickly

Cara: Oh, Gaia, more horndogs. Drunks, too.
They're like Bone Gnawers with clean clothes and non-
squatter housing. I suppose they're okay in a fight, but
the "och and begorrah" bullshit some of them use to pick
up impressionable American girls simply has to go.

Konstantina: The Fia ¢ and passion-
ate; their zest for life mak uable allies in the
war against the Great U; me of them can get
alittle corny at times, tI''drather have them
with us than against

Amethyst's tl
Once, we needed to
worked fora comp:
man at a bar and di
packmate the secret.
attracting Banes
Fianna have s]

id outa secret froma human who
" and he met the
with him until he told my

ever used a Gift for fear of
en many in the area. The

ters was "born" into the
innesota. A more serious

baindle any scrap with
A lick of respect. And
or insisting that

e cover of war to seize
e too busy fighting the

lurking in the corners of the world, but in my life I have

encountered only a handful.

Carlotta adds: | truly wish | could disagree with
ave sden nothing but violence

ey seem to feel that we

an attitude both tribes

war.

are their antithesis,
must shed if we are to

okay. Some of them are
bsession with electronic

Acaring rumors
ic implants, and I can't
that. But they'redamned
ey have money,

places to party,
id expat , and body

days, when the Glass
ause it was the easiest
humans, they served
elp but believe that
Namer's web to

Black Furies

i —

amemamannmmiaes


a AL PER

serve Gaia. They may have useful trinkets and weap-
ons that none of the other tribes play with, but they
rely too heavily on them.

Red Talons

Cara: | can't apologize en
for the crimes my human.
breath, I've tried. I've
have a lot of hate, a
species isn't somet]
my distance whe

che door of Malfeas. Gaia help
em to the Black Spiral; their

Garou Natién might not recover.

Shadow Lorde

Cara: You know how the Get of Fenris like togive

ganda about them must have been wrong i "aad feeling that
they must have a dagger hidden around here someplace.
Symon cautions: No one ever identifies herself as
"evil." The Shadow Lords do not indulge in skulldug-
gery just because they enjoy it. They have a plan, and I
shudder to consider that it seems to involve the Furies.

Maoh Sobers

Cara: | think I find these guys entertaining simply
because they say so little. When they do comment on

sol 's a dry little joke,or'a remarkably percep-
ti si » Theyraré

Konstantina: Some Silent Striders want money or
favors in return for sharing the intelligence they bring
from all corners of the globe. Do not balk at this,
daughter. Pay it. You will get far more than you
bargained for. The Silent Striders are boon allies.

SYeer Farge

Cara: I don't know any Silver Fangs younger than
about thirty-five. I guess the bloodlines are too thin over

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight

ae

here for Falcon to accept them, or something. The ones
know are remarkably brave ina battle, but are notalways
coherent or useful outside of a fight. Someone needs to
tell Falcon to loosen his loins a bit —I'm sure there are
young Silver Fang

ercy, because every mistake th
made is on display for the world to see. The fact is, none
of the tribes has a pristine history, the Fangs' history is
just more widely known. That said, I must admit that
lately they seem a bit...

unstable.

the end result of a
elightful medium-

. The last thing to ask
yourself is where they ir information. Use them

when you can, but nei

Symon grumb!
War of Tears, they
else, and then snap)
find caerns in Ameri
belonged to other Fe:
I'm not going to say th
sure didn't stop it either.

Nord

Cara: The Wendigo remind me of the Red Talons
in a lot of ways; sure, they got fucked, but they're still
e a fantastic help in the war
ould swallow their pride for

a lot of their caerns. You'll
rth and South) that once
secure in Uktena hands.
nned it that way, but they

y seem rather insular,

smeland. This is something I
se, but it is somewhat near-
pocalypse seemingly right around
the corner. The Wyrm will devour the Pure Lands, too,
wind-spirits. Still, they are brave and ferocious; good
qualities to have on your side.

=

|

as

eras

Srapgazert

Cara: I never knew ahy Stargazers. I'm not sure |
know what the big

Konstantina: AS were always caught
between two worlds. inting that they chose

to abandon this ot site serve their
perception of we hope their newfound
allies in Asia reali; a & tting.

The Breedt

For so long, we thought all the other shapeshifters
were dead — thought, orfeared. But now the rumors
are so persistent that it seems many of them have
managed to hang on after all, and that they might yet
be our allies once more. Africa, Australia, the
Amazon...recently, it seems like the rifts that tore the
Fera asunder might be healing, slowly but surely. If this
is true, then all of Gaia's children might well find
occasion to rejoice. I only hope it happens in time.

Aieba

I meta Fury once who claimed to have spoken with
a werecheetah, who in turn told her of a race of
werehyenas. These "Ajaba," she claimed, called them-
selves the "choosers of the slain" —a pretentious title if
ever I heard one — and asserted that they were dead, to
the last. A quaint story, I thought, no more than a sort
of urban legend.

And then last year, I discovered that the door to
the stacks had been forced and the books there toppled.
The intruder had apparently found what he wanted,
and there were curious-looking tracks leading out of
the room. After cleaning up, I discovered that all that
was missing was a handwritten journal by a missionary
traveling in Africa, and of his experiences with a tribe
living in fear of demon called Seb-at-Al. As I recall,
the demon often took the form of a great hyena and

as brood-mates for

center of the tale might
spider-folk are bitt

Batted

Thear that the surviving

close allies. I think
the warriors,
hat does that

the cat-Fera ha
it is because th
and the Corax
make the Bastet? They

a Sel

However, they do learn many secretsghat we miss.

Getting them.to give up these sec} however, is
usually more le than it's wo
Cora

The ravens havea' tionship with the Get

and the Fianna than.
visit with the Furies.

ut they do occasionally
ir greatest warriors are female,

which of course e1 themrto us somewhat. Should
you ever chance et a Corax, make the most of the
experience, and all you can.

Gord

ebears. While I
o their murder
an —a king. I think one
enough alone.

ibe was exempt
bout that, but

couldonly have come
of our tribe would hav

from fighting in

it's true.
Amethyst offers

pack followed Bear, andtha

over her children. Maybe

a sister who said her
sked them to watch

t Ladon, Typhon,
neveg cast in

Supposedly,
alongside the Si
stayed when tl
slaughtered them al
mourn their passing,
they were, however,
tales of the werese!

led, perhaps the Garou
¢ War of Rage. | cannot
out knowing more about who
it is curious to me that so few

approach a pack of Black Furies
ley, girls!" Of course, they sur-

x They shoved
one of them

would be denying their
rather foolish. I don't

Black Furies

i ———_—

commenti am ieee 7


butmore often they just infuriate or injure. I'veneverliked
practical jokes, and I don't like the notion of pushing
someone's buttons just to teach them not to respond. You
can lose your head doing that to the wrong person.

at the Ratkin share a
¢ Bone Gnawers. All

fat disease is a
it times, that

okea around Ecube?

you think thar

The Yhers

Anything's possible, little sister. Other creatures
share the unseen world with us, and it would behoove
you to know something about them. Listen carefully.

Vamporar

The Leeches hold dominion in the cities. Let the
Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers kid themselves all they
like: the vampires thrive here, hiding among the human
masses, We — the Garou — helped make it that way by
frightening the humans into making their cities stronger
and more easily defensible. The vampires moved inamong
them and fed on them secretly, and do so to this day.

Vampires support any attempt the humans make to
undo and pave the natural world. That makes it easier
to for them to find food. America holds large numbers
of vampires, some of which move in packs and can stand
against even the Garou in battle. In Europe, their
numbers are fewer but each individual Leech is much
older and more powerful. Their magics can enslave you,
and some Garou, I'm told, have even turned against
their packs to fight for undead masters. This kind of
slavery is unconscionable, and any Garou who falls
under such a yoke must be freed, one way or another.

Megat

Not all human spellcasters are bad; some of the
strega are among them, and there are mages that
respect Gaia's laws. Much more frequently, however,

Chapter Two: Pegasus' Flight

"Sa ee arena

ee AA FEY

they look at Gaia's bounty and see "ingredients" or
"resources" instead of spirits.

Amethyst interjects: Mages are dangerous and
ignorant! My pack found a group of them living in
America that had a young Black Fury living among
them. When she Changed, they convinced her she was
possessed and locked her in herroom, and cast spells on
hertostop her from changing. When we found her, she
was so deep in Harano that we had to take her into the
Umbra to our homelands to get her out! The mages
were all women, but they didn't understand and nearly
killed their sister. Beware of mages, Anxi, because they
have power but don't know how to use it well.

Chats

The spirits of the dead do not always rest easily.
While the Silent Striders know more than I do, I can
say that a mother who dies in the pain of childbirth or
awoman beaten to death might well linger on, search-
ing for hope or revenge. If at all possible, grant these
poor shades what they want and help them find peace.

Of course, sometimes the men we kill linger on in
the same way. Unfortunately, we can't kill them twice.

Symon cautions: The dead aren't staying in the
ground. A Silent Strider who recently stayed a night at
my sept told stories of corpses coming up from the grave
and hunting down humans that wronged them. So,
Carlotta, it may indeed be possible to "kill them twice."

Changelog

The satyrs are rare in these dark, modern nights,
but they are here. Some of them are complete pigs, so
I'm told, but even so, they can be quite seductive.
Remember that dream-folk are even less likely than
normal men to still be there in the morning, and plan
your trysts accordingly, should you choose to indulge.

Ryu

As Carlotta speaks, Anxi notices that Symon has
disappeared. Before she can open her mouth to ask where
he's gone, Amethyst fades from view, the wolfish smile still
on her muzzle.

Anxi looks toward Carlotta, confused and frightened.
Carlotta smiles, and waves to her. "We'll meet again,
sister," she says. "Just be ready — you might have some-
thing to teach me then." And with that, she and the library
disappear.

Anxi wakes by the pool to the scent of meat roasting.
She shakes herself, then changes to wolf form and inhales
deeply. Rabbit, she decides, and she realizes that she has
slept by the Pool all day. She races off towards the smell —
she has much to ask the elders.

61

meray

ma ene aren caravan rear aan rear eran meg,


Woman is womar

— Euripides

Despite their detractors' feelings to the contrary, the
Black Furies are anything but a homogeneous tribe full of
"kick-ass warrior chicks." There are plenty of tools you
can use as a player to differentiate even seemingly iden-
tical characters, say, two homid Philodox Black Furies.
One of the most effective ways of doing so is the clever
application of Backgrounds, camps, Gifts, and rites.

Zauckgrouwdt

Most Backgrounds can easily be customized to fit
a Black Fury character in particular. Below are some
ways to do that; of course, this shouldn't be seen as a
comprehensive list or any kind of restriction. You
should flesh your character out as you see fit, letting
this list serve as inspiration for your own ideas.

Abeet

Black Furies who join after abandoning their
"blood" tribe frequently retain Garou allies among
that previous tribe; they may be blood relations, or just
friends the Fury made in her old life. Allies don't have
to be Garou, of course; as many Furies are members of
human political action groups such as Greenpeace,
they often have close allies there.

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone

n's natural ally

Fury allies are rarely members of other supernatural
races; only the Fair Folk have any kind of affinity for the
Wyld, and they wouldn'teven recognize the word. Worse,
they are said to live under an outdated and repressive
regime. Even those that don't live under such rulers are
awfully hard to run into by chance, much less befriend.

Ancetfors

It would certainly be worthwhile to decide what
historical erasa character's Ancestors hail from. Those who
lived in the very earliest days, the First Daughters, will be
doggedly hard totake advantage of reliably. As totem spirits
in their own right, they keep awfully busy — and besides,
the spirit of a Black Fury who lived in the days before
civilization won't be of much use to the average modern
character. On the other hand, a Fury from the Golden Age
of Athens is likely to know a good lot about sniffing out
violators and destroying them, while a sometime nurse
from the Great War era is probably quite skilled at dealing
with aggravated damage from chemical weapons.

Confadt

Fora Fury character to have Contacts solely from
women's shelters, NOW, and the local college's
Women's Studies program is the height of cliché.
Black Furies are, in most ways, people. They run into

63

fon se en re CS

a 2A

members of all groups and classes over the course of
an average day; the bartender at a local biker bar
probably has far more interesting and useful informa-
tion than the cloistered professor. Contacts in the
local feminist community certainly are appropriate
for a character whose background implies them, but
don't let that become a rut.

Fitth

The most commonly used fetish weapon among
the Furies is not the klaive but rather the labrys, a two-
headed war axe said to have been the favored weapon
of Isthmene in the tribe's earliest days. Many of the
most powerful fetish artifacts of the tribe (Fetish 4 and
5) are holdovers from the Furies' golden age in Greece
and Mycenae, and those tend to retain distinctive
Aegean styling. Most metal artifacts from those days
are bronze, rather than steel, but as enchanted items,
they rarely suffer as a result of their composition.

Modern Fury fetishes are practical tools (such as
Dian's flashlight from "Unity in Alterity") as often as
they are sacred artifacts. Most of these tools are de-
signed to help the Furies track down and destroy
transgressors against Gaia's law — not merely Wyrm
and Weaver creatures, but human rapists and molest-
ers or amoral corporate drones.

other hand, sua
prised tosee ul

Black Furies' mentors ften of the Crone role,
though some Mothers do liath under their wing.
Active Crones (of ere is no shortage) are
certainly more capab
crepit older sisi
charge's aid, €in
own duties. Cron
service — du

for instructid

feht than their more de-
aredess able to come to a

—but dees are almos
young Black Fury of
mentor is a slap in the fa

Sally female Garou. Fora
ther gender to take a male
to many older Furies.

Pure Breed

Furies with high levels of Pure Breed tend to have
sleek, black coats in wolf form, and Mediterranean features
in Homid form. Those with very high levels might tend to
make human males uncomfortable just by spending time
near them, but this probably only happens to those males
already prone to discomfort near strong women. Pure
Breed does not necessarily lead to social success within the
Black Furies, as it might in a tribe like the Silver Fangs.

Reourcat

ABlack Fury's level of Resources varies by location,
camp, and politics; it is hard to make generalizations
about this Background. Conservative Furies are more
likely to invest in tracts of virgin wilderness, tohelp keep
them pristine; progressives would prefer to have tools
with which to fight the Wyrm. Those in Europe may
have less liquid cash and more in the way of heirlooms,
passed down through dozens of generations of Furies;
but this is not a reliable indicator. Members of the Order
of Our Merciful Mother who actually live within the
Church do take vows of poverty, and so have low
Resources scores; those of the Freebooters camp tend
not to have large, immobile property, but might have
nicely tricked-out vehicles and plenty of ready cash.

When figuring a character's Resources score, it's
always good to take a moment and consider the source
of her income. Some Black Furies do their best to hold
day jobs, and use that income to support themselves
(and, likely, their packmates and children). Others
live as full-time Garou and rely on family money (some
might even have Kinfolk spouses who work full-time
jobs, with much of that money going into the tribe).
Those who live in, iently wild areas as full-time
Garou might have r Resources at all.

Rhea
The Black Furies know dozens of rites that are kept
fromthe eyes ofmale Garou, as wellas from allothertribes;

iden

al
ion is often too useful to go

may find that particu-
ise, are very useful: the
n_use the Rite of Caern
at a member of every Free-

the Rite of Talisman
without, for homids. Ce:
lar rites, either Fury
Freebooters, for examp]
Opening and try to
booter pack knows the

equivalent, Bearing the
Tofem

As members of mixed packs, Black Furies can follow
any totem spirit that accepts them. And all-Fury packs do
not necessarily have to adopt one of the traditional tribal

Black Furies

rae

SER SS


etc). However, many
do. In recent times, fiously known as the

Medusae, have bec

Storytelles ting their
characters with all at once. See
"Totems, i

Furies ra el repre-
sent male nee Bull or
Grandfather w Weaver-

totems like @ i
Compe and Backgrovont

Members of given camps often concentrate in
particularly appropriate backgrounds; as above, don't
let the following list function as a straitjacket, but use
it as you see fit,

¢ Amazons of Diana

Asaggressive warriors of Gaia, the Amazons of Diana
have pretty much the run of background options avail-
able to them; their main defining trait is that they believe,
rightly, that they are the equals of any male Garou they
encounter. Some live in a set location near a particular
caern; these might develop ties to the local human
community and build up the appropriate backgrounds,
Others wander the globe hunting for corruption to smite,
and would be better off taking different Backgrounds.

© Bacchantes

These primal sisters spend much of their time in
the pursuit and destruction of those who violate Gaia's
law. To that end, they tend to concentrate on Fetishes
and Rites. Their Totem is nearly always Pegasus or one
of the Gorgons (see "Totems," above, for the current
state of the Gorgons). As traditionalists with fairly
elitist attitudes, the Bacchantes tend to select its
membership from among those Furies with high scores
in Ancestors and Pure Breed, although those Back-
grounds are not requirements for membership.

* Freebooters

As mentioned elsewhere, the Freebooters don't
keep a lot of connection to human society, and have
very few possessions to keep them tied down in any one
place for long. Asa result, few of them have high scores
in Resources or Allies. Only rare Freebooters have the
Kinfolk background; while they might have plenty of
Kinfolk, they cannot cultivate ties to them. Freeboo-
ters often have decent scores in Fetish (discovered
treasure) and Rituals (generally caern rites).

* Moon-Daughters

The Moon-Daughters have good relations with their
Kinfolk of both genders, and many of them are capable

aa aca

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone

INN ee

enough to be considered Allies rather than "mere" Kin-
folk — a few wise women among the Daughters' Kin
practice real magic of a sort. The Moon-Daughters are
among the most mystical of camps; their members have
high scores in Rites (concentrating in mystic rites) and
often they have plenty of Fetish as well, though their
fetishes are rarely fetish weapons. Moon-Daughters foster
good relations between older and younger members, and
many younger Daughters have the Mentor background.

* Order of Our Merciful Mother

Asa group composed largely of nuns — or those who
conceal themselves as nuns — the Order rarely has mem-
bers with high levels of Resources. Fetishes, too, would
stand out too much to be acceptable in such a community.
Garou of the Order have high levels of Allies and Con-
tacts, however, tending as they do tohuman communities.

* Sisterhood

Members of the Sisterhood have decent levels of
Kinfolk, Allies, and Contacts — their web of connections
through human society gives them great latitude to move
around as they wish. They can make a profit off of the
various items they procure for other Garou — though they
do not always do so — so it is perfectly reasonable for a
memberof the Sisterhood tohaveagood level ofResources.

© Temple of Artemis

Very few starting characters would be appropriate
members of the Temple of Artemis; this camp consists
mostly of older Mothers and Crones. Nearly hidebound
traditionalists, the older Furies of the Temple have high
scores in Rituals and Pure Breed. They rarely have points in
Mentor, as they often serve as Mentors to younger Garou.
Their Totem Backgrounds are often quite high, as they
know best how to placate their own packs' guardian spirits.

tiffs

Gaia is generous with Her magical powers, and Luna
and Pegasus look lovingly upon the Black Furies, offering
them Gifts no other tribe possesses. Those abilities listed
under "Tribal Gifts" may be taught to members of other
tribes (with the additional cost usually associated with
them). Camp Gifts and age role Gifts, however, are only
available to Black Furies; the Gaian spirits that teach
them refuse to teach members of any other tribe.

Todd Ciffe

© Watchful Eyes (Level One) — Since time imme-
morial, the Black Furies have been able to determine the
location of those that break the laws of Gaia. Such beings
(human, Garou, or spirit) are not always Wyrm- or
Weaver-tainted; as in the classic example, Orestes was
not under the influence of any supernatural being when
he killed his mother Clytemnestra, but he did break
Gaia's laws by doingso. This Gift has been the Furies' tool

65

TENG


a EN

ne AA

for such a hunt; with a few moments' concentration, the
Black Fury who uses Watchful Eyes can roughly deter-
mine the distance and direction to the nearest such
criminal. This Gift is taught by an OwlL-spirit.

System: The player spends 1 Gnosis and rolls
Perception + Investigation (difficulty 6). Success indi-
cates the distance and direction to the nearest violator
of Gaia's laws (as interpreted by the Storyteller). Note
that this Gift does not identify the lawbreaker, and it
is somewhat vague: it has a margin of error of roughly
10% of the distance between the Garou and her quarry
(that is, if the nearest violator is ten blocks away, the
Gift will point out a one-block area). A botch causes
this Gift to wrongly identify a potential target.

MET: You spend a moment in contemplation of
Gaia's laws and rely upon your own spirituality to sense
those who've violated or upset such laws. Find a Story-
teller, spend one Trait of Gnosis and make a static Mental
challenge, difficulty of six Traits (retest with Investigation);
if you succeed, the Storyteller may point you roughly in
the direction of the nearest violator of Gaia's laws.

Note that there may not always be such a violator
within easy reach; it is quite possible for a Storyteller to
announce "There are no violators within close proxim-
ity." Over-reliance on this Gift — a Fury who becomes
obsessed with constantly using this Gift and tracking
down and killing the victims — may, in and of itself, lead
the user to transgression against Gaia's laws. Note also
that because this Gift determines only a general area toa
transgressor, it does not in any way defeat supernatural
concealment. The Fury might learn "There isa transgres-
sor nearby," but not exactly where or how to see him.

* Kali's Tongue (Level Two) — In the days of
ancient myth, the Wyrm-creature Raktabija terrorized
the Indian subcontinent. Raktabija could not be slain;
every drop of blood that touched the earth sprang up
another Raktabija. Soon after the battle against him
began, the field was crowded with Raktabijas, each eager
for the blood of Garou and Gaian spirits. The mother-
goddess Parvati (an aspect of Gaia) finally took to the
field against Raktabija, in her guise as the hideousdemon-
warrior Kali. Kali spread her tongue out over the battle-
field and prevented any of Raktabija's blood from striking
the Earth; she then commanded the Garou and gods
present to destroy the Wyrm-creature, which they did.

The Gift Kali's Tongue removes acreature's ability to
heal damage; its effects are relatively short-term, but if a
creature is destroyed while the Gift is in effect, that death
is permanent. What the Mother gives, the Mother's ven-
geance can take away. This Gift is taught by a Cobra-spirit.

System: The Fury must first touch the victim, then
the player spends one Rage and rolls Manipulation +
Medicine (difficulty of the foe's Rage, or Willpower -3,

whichever is lower). Each success represents one turn
during which the target creature cannot use any regen-
erative abilities, or heal inflicted damage naturally:
Even supernatural healing Gifts like Mother's Touch
will fail on the target during this period. This Gift works
equally well on humans, Garou, and materialized spirits;
spirits entirely in the Umbra are immune to the Gift's
effects unless the Fury is also in the spirit world.

MET: You must best the target in a Social challenge,
pitting your Social Traits against twice the lower of the
victim's Rage or Willpower (use Willpower for victims
without Rage), using Medicine Ability for retests. The
subject cannot heal or be healed of any wounds by any
means for the next full turn. Every two Social Traits you
expend immediately after winning the test grants an extra
full turn of duration to this Gift. Any subject killed while
under the effects of this Gift dies permanently. Spirits in
the Umbra are unaffected by Kali's Tongue.

* Stoking the Soul's Fire (Level Two) — Every
aspect of a Fury's life has different strengths: the
Maiden's fury at Gaia's pain is unmatchable, the
Mother's will is indomitable, and the Crone's spiritu-
ality is beautiful and terrible. A Maiden Black Fury can
use this Gift to replenish her natural strengths by
sacrificing her suppressed natures. The Maiden's great-
est strength is her anger; she can sacrifice from her will
and spirituality to stoke that rage to scorching inten-
sity. This Gift is taught by a Wolverine-spirit.

System: A Maiden using this Gift rolls Intelli-
gence + Occult with a target of her own permanent
Rage; she spends one point of temporary Willpower
and one temporary Gnosis, and refills her Rage pool if
she achieves 2 or more successes.

MET: Only a Maiden Fury may use this Gift. Make
a static Mental challenge, difficulty of your permanent
Rage Traits, with Occult Ability to retest. If you succeed,
expend one Willpower, one Gnosis and two Mental
Traits. You regain all of your temporary Rage.

¢ Barring the Will (Level Three) —The Mother's
will is impossible to compromise when she does not
wish to yield. She can sacrifice her anger and spirit
energies to replenish her strength of purpose. This Gift
is taught by a Donkey-spirit.

System: A Mother using this Gift rolls Intelli-
gence + Occult with a target of her own permanent
Willpower; she spends one point of temporary Rage
and one temporary Gnosis, and refills her Willpower
pool if she achieves 2 or more successes.

MET: Only a Mother Fury may use this Gift. Make
a static Mental challenge, difficulty of your permanent
Willpower Traits, with Occult Ability to retest. If you
succeed, expend one Rage, one Gnosis and two Mental
Traits. You regain all of your temporary Willpower.

66 Black Furies

a a a


Flames of Hestia (Level Three) — The Black
Furies revere the holy Wyld places of the world; part of
the tribe's set of tools is the Flames of Hestia Gift,
which enables a Black Fury to purify a person, spirit, or
object with searing white-hot spiritual flame. The fire
coruscates around the Fury's hands, enabling her to
apply the Gift to anything she can touch. This Gift is
taught by an avatar of Hestia the teacher.

System: Spend one Gnosis and roll Gnosis with a
difficulty of 8. Success enables the Fury to cleanse
tainted food or water, or heal damage caused by radia-
tion, poison, or disease at one Health Level per success.
The Flames of Hestia last for just one turn; however, a
Fury can activate the Gift and strike ata foe in the same
turn. Flames of Hestia do one level of unsoakable
aggravated damage per success on the Gift roll, if used
against a Bane or fomor in hand-to-hand combat.

MET: Expend one Gnosis Trait and make a static
Gnosis challenge, difficulty of eight Traits. You may
touch an object and cleanse it of any taint of disease,
poison or radiation, If you use the Flames of Hestia on a
creature, this cures one health level of damage lost tosuch
taint, and may (Storyteller's discretion) purge the taint
from the subject's system. Used in combat, you can strike
with your fire-wreathed hands (subject to normal un-
armed combat rules) and inflict an extra level of aggra-
vated damage that cannot be reduced by any means.

© Bolster the True Name (Level Four) — The
Crone has no need of a child's rage, and her wiles are
enough to let her survive the day that the Mother's
stalwart nature fails her. She can sacrifice her hatred
and will to reinvigorate her spiritual connections. This
Gift is taught by a Lune.

System: A Crone using this Gift rolls Intelligence
+ Occult with a target of her own permanent Gnosis;
she spends one point of temporary Rage and one
temporary Willpower, and refills her Gnosis pool if the
roll achieves 2 or more successes.

MET: Only a Crone Fury may use this Gift. Make
static Mental challenge, difficulty of your permanent
Gnosis Traits, with Occult Ability to retest. If you
succeed, expend one Rage, one Willpower and two
Mental Traits. You regain all of your temporary Gnosis.

Camp life

As noted above, the secrets of the following Gifts
are hoarded jealously by members of various camps.
While it isnot inconceivable thata Fury could learn an
out-of-camp Gift, no non-Black Fury Garou can learn
any of the Gifts in this section.

Amazont of Diana

© True Shot (Level One) — The accuracy of
Artemis on the hunt could not be equaled by any

See samce ers esrreseren ree a en me

other; this Gift allows Maidens to replicate their aunt's
spectacular feats of archery on the battlefield or on the
hunt. It is less effective for Mothers and Crones than
for Maidens, but still gives them some benefit. This
Gift is taught by a Lune.

System: SpendapointofRageand receive +3 toyour
dice pool for a single arrow shot. Mothers and Crones
receive only a +2 bonus; Luna is said to favor those Garou
whoreplicate herown aspect as Artemis. This Gift can be
used in conjunction with Flurry of Arrows, below, butcan
be used for only one arrow per turn.

MET: Expend one Rage Trait to gain a three-Trait
(Maiden) or two-Trait (Mother or Crone) bonus on the
resolution of a single arrow shot. This can exceed your
usual Trait maximum, but functions only once ina turn.

¢ Flutry of Arrows (Level Two) — The bow of
Artemis slew many monsters of both human and Black
Fury myth; the incarnation of Luna as maiden huntress
was a swift and accurate shot with the bow. Appropri-
ately, Luna has taught her children how to nock and
release arrows more rapidly than a human might fol-
low. This Gift is taught by a Lune.

System: Spend a point of Rage; for the remainder
of the scene, the character receives a free shot per turn
from a bow (though not a crossbow) at no dice pool
penalty. Thus, the character could simply take two
bow shots, each at no penalty, or she might take three
shots, and suffer a-2 on the first shot, -3 on the second,
andnopenalty on the shot granted by Flurry of Arrows.

MET: Expend one Rage Trait. While usinga bow,
you gain one extra arrow shot per turn, in addition to
any otheractions you may take. This isnot cumulative;
you cannot use multiple Flurry of Arrows Gifts to gain
several extra shots per turn. Flurry of Arrows, once
invoked, lasts for the remainder of the scene/hour.

© Blizzard of Arrows (Level Four) — The Black
Fury who uses this Gift truly shows herself the equal of
any man — or machine — on the battlefield. Once
Blizzard of Arrows is activated, the Garou deals out
nightmarish pain to the hordes that oppose her. He-
roes with this Gift might single-handedly have turned
cavalry charges, in the days when such things still took
place. For today, however, the Fury with this Gift is the
perfect ally when faced by hordes of Wyrm-creatures.
This Gift is taught by a Porcupine-spirit.

System: Spend a point of Willpower and two
points of Rage, and you may take a single arrow shot (at
no multi-action penalty) at every foe within 100 yards,
to a maximum of 20 enemies. Simply roll to hit once,
using the sight and range penalties for the hardest-to-
hit foe in range, and apply that number of successes
against each enemy, which individually may soak,
dodge, etc, as the Storyteller sees fit.

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone 67

maa ee ee ee

|

This Gift is limited by the number of arrows you have
on hand: all arrows that you intend to shoot must be
someplace that they can easily be nocked and shot from
(in a quiver on the back or waist, or stuck point-first into
the ground in front of you; lying scattered nearby will not
¢). The bow and arrows may be of modem manufac-
ture, but cannotuse any exceptional Weaver-based equip-
ment (such as laser sights or explosive tips) to gain any
accuracy or damage bonus. However, a fetish bow shoot-
ing talen arrows is certainly acceptable.

MET: Expend one Willpower and two Rage Traits.
You may immediately take an arrow shot (subject to
having a bow and enough mundane arrows in arm's
reach) at every target you can see with your own
unaugmented senses, up to a maximum of 20 targets.

Exucchavarfat
* Rend (Level Two) — The Furies of myth did

not use swords or axes to destroy the enemies of the
Gods; the Black Furies of old did not use weapons to
slay enemies of Gaia. They used teeth and claws, and
sheeranimal might. While many Bacchantes certainly
do use the tribe's ritual labrys and bow, and others carry
klaives and other fetish weapons, when they frenzy
they most often fight with their natural weapons. Even
out of frenzy, the Bacchantes recognize the intimida-
tion factor of rending a foe with fang and claw, and

68

ll ———_

Black Furies

many revel in its primal nature. Rend allows the
Bacchantes to rip through substances that they could
not ordinarily pierce, and do as much damage with
their natural weapon as another might with a human's
sword. This Gift is taught — sometimes to great comic
effect — by a wine-spirit.

System: Spend | Rage and roll Strength + Primal
Urge (difficulty 6). For each success, the Fury gains the
ability to rip through tough substances for one turn.
When wearing any of the three "war forms" (Glabro,
Crinos, or Hispo) and using hand-to-hand maneuvers,
the character ignores the first three dice of the target's
soak pool — the target rolls three fewer dice to soak.
This ability to pierce defenses also applies to inanimate
objects such as walls and doors, making it considerably
harder to hide from Black Furies inside buildings or
underground. In the case that a given object does not
have a soak or armor rating, treat the Fury's Strength
as being three higher for purposes of the Feat of
Strength needed to rip through the object.

Successful uses of Rend to destroy a wall, door, or
enemy add 3 dice to the Fury's next Intimidation roll
against those who saw her do so.

MET: Expend one Rage Trait and make a static
Physical Challenge, difficulty of seven Traits, with
Primal Urge for retests. If you succeed, you may tear

ay

)


through any object up to the strength of iron or stone
with your claws while in any war form. This Gift lasts for
one turn, plus an additional turn for each Physical Trait
you expend upon activation. Your claw and bite attacks
are automatically armor piercing for this duration. If you
Rend a suitably hefty target, you may on your next tum
claim three additional Social Traits for resolution of an
intimidation-related challenge, if desired.

© Storm of Mother's Wrath (Level Five) —
When the Black Furies take up arms to destroy an
enemy of Gaia, they are like unto a force of nature.
Should a pack of Bacchantes include one with Storm
of Mother's Wrath, they nearly become a force of
nature. The Fury wielding this Gift causes a fearful
dark hailstorm to erupt, even out of a clear sky; the
pack of Bacchantes, however, are not inconvenienced
by the storm, and can move around and fight in it
without difficulty. Signs of such a hailstorm in the area
tends to be a red flag to Wyrm creatures, who know
that a pack of Furies must be involved in a desperate
fight; they may move to join in, or they may wait in
ambush outside of the storm. A Mammatus, a Wyld-
spirit of the air, teaches this Gift.

System: Spend a point of Gnosis and roll Stamina
+ Survival (difficulty 7). The storm has a 100-meter
diameter and a duration of one minute. Every success on
the roll extends the storm's diameter by 100 meters, and
extends its duration by | minute. Physical beings caught
within the storm — humans, Garou, fomori, and mate-
tialized spirits — take a 3-die penalty to all physical dice
pools. The exception to this is the pack of the character
responsible for the storm; that group receives no pen-
alty. Humans react to the storm as though faced with the
Delirium; most will attempt to flee its fury. The storm
cannot be generated indoors or underground, and its
effects will not penetrate solid walls (though the pelting
hail can and does break glass windows).

MET: Expend one Gnosis Trait and make a static
Physical Challenge, difficulty of eight Traits, with Sur-
vival for retests. If you succeed, you summon a storm that
affects everything within your unaugmented sensing
distance (as far as you can naturally see and/or hear), so
long as you are outdoors. Everyone within the Storm of
Mother's Wrath, except for you and your pack, suffers a
three-Trait penalty to the resolution of physical chal-
lenges. Delicate items (glass, crystal, papier maché,
balsa) caught in the storm may be broken by the hail.

You must have a Storyteller on hand when you
summon this storm, in order to adjudicate its range and
effects. The storm lasts for one conflict/minute.

Frecbootert

© Messenger's Fortitude (Level Two) — As the
Silent Strider Gift.

INN ee

© Omen of Power (Level Two) — The Freeboo-
ters are famed among the Garou for their ability to find
items and places of great magical power. Some believe
that they follow Wyld-spirits in their nearly-random
wandering through the Umbra; others say the Free-
booters can sense the perturbations of even the weak-
est ley lines. Regardless of the true nature of their
abilities, many Freebooters can sniff out the locations
of dormant caerns (that is, those once opened whose
power has since faded). When conditions are right,
they can even sense particularly powerful fetishes from
a distance. This Gift is taught by a Hound-spirit.

System: Spend one Gnosis and roll Perception +
Enigmas; the difficulty is known only to the Storyteller,
and is based on the distance to the source of power.
Success means that the rough distance and direction to
amystic power source is revealed to the Black Fury. The
source of power can be an active or dormant caern, ora
level 5+ fetish. The base difficulty for the roll is 7, if the
source of power is within ten miles; decrease it by 1 ifthe
distance is less than 1 mile, and increase it by 1 if the
distance is between ten and twenty miles — Omen of
Power cannot detect sources of power greater than
twenty miles distant. This difficulty is decreased by 2 if
the source of power is an active caern, and increased by
1 if it is a fetish rather than a dormant caern.

By default, this Gift is accurate to within about
20% — if a caern is within 10 miles, Omen of Power
will give its distance and direction to within about 2
miles. Additional successes on the Gift's activation
roll decrease that margin of error by 5% per success, but
never to less than 5%. The Gift can be re-used as the
Garou close in on a source of power, to further refine
their target's location. Omen of Power does not tell the
Garou anything about the source of power other than
its direction and distance; she will not even know
whether it is a caern or fetish.

Example: Talisha, a Freebooter, wishes to find a
nearby source of magical power. She spends one Gnosis and
rolls Perception + Enigmas to discover if anything is nearby.
The Storyteller, knowing that there is an active Black Spiral
Dancer Hive about fifteen miles away, calculates the diffi-
culty as follows: the base is 7, +1 for such a long distance, -
2 for the source being an active caern. That makes the final
target 6; he looks at Talisha' s roll and sees that she has earned
2 successes. That means that she'll have a decent idea where
the source of power is, to within about 10% of its distance
from her, or one anda half miles. Of course, she won't know
it's a Spiral caer until she gets up close...

MET: You can expend a Gnosis Trait and attempt a
static Mental Challenge (Enigmas for retests) to try tosniff
out sources of magical power; the base difficulty is deter-
mined by a Narrator, based on the distance and strength

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone 69

ee ae

|

|

of any nearby magical emanations. You must have a
Narrator on hand to guide you as you follow Umbral
perturbations in an attempt tosense caerns, magical items
and similar concentrations of mystic energy.

It is advised that use of this Gift be limited to
actions "between games," so that a Fury can sniff out
dormant caerns or magical items and give the Story-
tellers sufficient time to prepare appropriately at the
next game session. Using this Gift extensively in the
course of a game may monopolize the attention of
Storytellers, who may simply decree that "No magical
emanations (other than already-known caerns and
fetishes) are within range," and still deduct the appro-
priate Gnosis cost.

Noon-Danybpors

¢ Spirit Loan (Level Two) — In extreme circum-
stances, a Moon-Daughter may find thatanother Garou
has far more use for one of her Gifts than she does. To
this end, Gaian spirits have shown the Daughters how
to lend one of their Gifts to another werewolf for a
limited duration. The Black Fury who uses this Gift
feels somewhat bereft of Gaia's love and attention
while another Gift has been loaned, but suffers no
other ill effects. This Gift is taught by a Hen-spirit.

System: Roll Charisma + Occult (difficulty of the
recipient's Rage). Success allows the Fury to loan a
single Rank 1 Gift to another Garou for a set period of
time, to a maximum of three days per success. When
that time is up (or if either the lender or receiver dies)
the Gift returns to the lender. While the Gift has been
lent out, the lender has no access to it and for all
intents and purposes does not know it. The recipient
uses the Gift as though she had learned it herself from
the appropriate spirit: she uses her own dice pools for
success, and spends her own Gnosis, Rage, or Will-
power to activate it. A Black Fury can only lend one
Gift out at a time, although there is no limit to the
number of "loaned" Gifts a person may receive at any
one time. She may loan out Gifts that ordinarily
cannot be taught (for instance, she might loan a non-
Black Fury the Amazons of Diana's True Shot Gift,
above), though if her tribemates discover her "indis-
cretion," the social consequences might be dire. A
Fury cannot use Spirit Loan to lend out Spirit Loan.

MET: Make a static Social Challenge (Occult
retest) against a subject. If you succeed, you may lend
the subject one of your Basic Gifts. You specify a
duration, after which time the Gift returns to you.
While the Gift is loaned out, you are unable to use it
yourself, The subject can learn any Basic Gift that
you're willing to loan, except for this one. Use of Spirit
Loan to give out tribal secret Gifts may result in a loss
of Renown, at the very least.

7

es

eee aS Po EPC

Order of Cor Naraffiyf Nother

* Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the
Theurge Gift.

 Truest Sacrament (Level Two) — The Order of
Our Merciful Mother frequently leavens Christian cer-
emony with Gaian supplication, to better aid their
flocks. Truest Sacrament enables them to do so without
rousing the suspicion of the faithful; humans with faith
in Christianity see Gaian ritual as innocuous and even
appropriate, after this Gift's application. In so doing, the
Furies are better able to free the most dogmatic and
closed-minded followers of patriarchal faiths to accept a
broader spiritual mindset. This Gift takes advantage of
humans' ability to rewrite their memories of an event to
suit their preconceptions in the same way that the
Delirium does. This Gift is taught by a Unicorn-spitit.

System: Truest Sacrament can be used either
before or after a Gaian ritual begins. Used before a
ritual, the character must make a Charisma + Subter-
fuge roll, with a target equal to the highest Willpower
of the surrounding crowd; she will need to achieve one
success for every seven onlookers. Should the Fury
succeed, the next Gaian ritual she participates in will
seem innocuous and appropriate to the crowd on hand.
If Truest Sacrament is used during or after a ritual —
if one or more humans happen upon a group of Garou
during a rite — the same dice pool as above is used, but
the character must also spend one point of Gnosis.

Note that Truest Sacrament will not cover up
truly egregious or spectacular violations of the Veil —
spattering blood, spirit fireworks, and so on, will be
remembered and probably not thought of as harmless
or normal. But if the rite is simpler, or the more
hallucinatory effects can somehow be concealed from
witnesses, the Furies may get away with it.

The salutatory effects of this Gifton the psyches of the
most reactionary and closed-minded humans should be
roleplayed out over time; there is no explicit game effect.

MET: Make a Social Challenge (Subterfuge for
retests) against the individual with the highest Will-
power in the group you wish to affect — the difficulty is
twice the target's permanent Willpower. If you invoke
Truest Sacrament after performing a rite, you must also
expend one Gnosis Trait. If you succeed, then any one
rite or ritual you perform that has no egregiously violent
or visibly supernatural effects is considered mundane to
any human witnesses, who have no memory of the ritual
being anything more thana simple religious celebration
(and probably a non-denominational one), The wit-
nesses only remember vague terms of the ritual: That it
involved a speech, or perhaps some prayer; witnesses
will agree on the general form of the ritual, but do not
remember any religious specifics.

Black Furies

i


JSitterbood,

© Spirit Smuggler (Level One) — Members of the
Sisterhood frequently make deliveries through coun-
tries with broad laws against contraband; they might
also wish to carry a weapon into an area interdicted by
metal detectors or the like. Spirit Smuggler makes this
much easier for them to do, and it is useful in a wide
variety of situations. When the character wishes to
hide an item from searches, she can use this Gift to
push the item into the Gauntlet for a short time; it will
return to the character's possessions in the physical
realm after a few minutes have passed. This Gift is
taught by a Raccoon-spirit.

System: The character rolls Dexterity + Subterfuge
and spends a point of Gnosis to push a small item (5
pounds or less, no more than a gallon in volume) through
the Gauntlet into the Umbra; the difficulty on this roll is
the local Gauntlet rating. If she achieves 2 or more
successes, the item now resides in the Gauntlet, and
cannot be sensed or manipulated by anyone in the Realm
(unless a searcher can see into the Umbra). The item will
return to the character's physical possessions at the end of
thescene. Should the characterachieve only one success,
the item is pushed through into the Gauntlet but will not
return of its own accord, and has to be fetched by stepping
sideways. A botch on the Dexterity + Subterfuge roll
means that the item is lost in the Umbra, or that a spirit
pickpocket has made off with it. This Gift does not halt
the flow of time for the smuggled object—and explosions
in the Gauntlet can have strange effects on both the local
spirit world and the physical plane, for those who might
consider using this Gift to stow a live bomb.

MET: Expend one Gnosis Trait and make a static
Physical Challenge (Subterfuge for retests) against the
local Gauntlet rating. If you succeed, you can push a
small object — something you could easily hold in one
hand, no more than a few inches in diameter — into
the Gauntlet itself, where it stays for one scene/hour
before returning to you.

© Winged Delivery (Level Three) — While the
Sisterhood has a large network of Kinfolk, contacts,
smugglers and informants available, at times the most
effective means to move an item is to give it to a
friendly spirit and have that spirit make the delivery.
Using this Gift and some concentration, the character
pushes a small item into the Umbra and gives it to an
Owl Jaggling, which will deliver the item to a well
identified person or location as rapidly as it can travel.

Garou who abuse this Gift to send dangerous items
or active weapons (like grenades) into the Umbra —
thereby jeopardizing the owl-spirit's existence —find
that the retribution of the spirit world is swift and
harsh. This Gift is obviously taught by owl-spirits.

SN

System: Spend one Gnosis and roll Charisma +
Empathy (difficulty is the local Gauntlet). On a suc-
cess, the item enters the Owl Jaggling's talons in the
Umbra, and the Jaggling will deliver it to a clearly
defined recipient. A human or Garou recipient must
be named and described; a location need only be
described, with directions given. The Owl Jaggling
travels at roughly 100 miles per hour through the spirit
world, and will deposit the item in the immediate
vicinity of the target unless the target is somehow
protected against the spirit world or the prevailing
Gauntlet exceeds 7. If either of those conditions pre-
vent delivery, the spirit returns to the Garou at full
speed and returns the item without comment.

MET: Expend one Gnosis Trait and make a static
Social Challenge (Empathy for retests) against the
local Gauntlet. If you succeed, you deliver one item to
an Owl Jaggling, which carries the item to a target you
describe. If the subject cannot be found, is shielded
from the spirit world or is ina location with a Gauntlet
above 7, the owl spirit returns the item to you instead,
Hand your item card to a Narrator, who will then
deliver the item as you specify (or take it out of play, if
appropriate); the time for the Gift to function depends
solely on the Narrator's ability to deliver it to your
subject. (If the Narrator spends half an hour looking
for your target, then the owl-spirit was similarly con-
fused in its attempt to find the subject.)

The Tample of Artomls

© Walk With Hades (Level Five) — When
Persephone entered the lands of the dead with Hedes,
her lover, her mother, Demeter, the harvest goddess,
went in after her. As an aspect of Gaia, Demeter
understood her daughter's desire for Hades, but refused
to leta powerful spirit remain in the deadlands for long.
Eventually, Persephone acquiesced to return to the
living realm, under the agreement that she could
periodically return to Hades' side, and could return to
the Underworld eventually.

Demeter agreed to this arrangement verbally, but
eventually performed a secret ritual to block her daugh-
ter from entering the realms of the dead. Such travel is,
after all, counter to the proper way of things. Embittered
by her now-permanent separation from her lover,
Persephone taught a number of favored Black Furies the
secret roads into the land of the dead; these secrets have
been passed down by Persephone''s servitor spirits and
aged Garou to the present day. Technically, use of this
Gift violates one of Gaia's laws —"The living live, and
the dead remain dead." But since it is only used by the
most ancient and respected Black Furies, and even then
only in the most extreme circumstances, few punish-
ments have come down onto those forced to use it.

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone 71

|

Seer ee mee eer rene aren is Arvo rman rete erenavihh

System: Spend 1 Gnosis and roll Gnosis (the diffi-
culty is the local Gauntlet) to step sideways into the lands
of the dead. If the Fury succeeds, she enters the Dark
Umbra rather than the Penumbra. She can remain there
foronlyasingle day (24 hours), afterwhich pointshe must
cross back to the mortal realm (rolling to step sideways as
usual) or risk eternal capture in the ghost-world. If the
character takes more than 24 hours to return, the Gaunt-
let equivalent increases by 1 for every 2 hours the Fury
remains past the deadline: when it reaches 10, the Fury is
trapped and will begin her afterlife as a ghost. She will not
become an ancestor-spirit.

The dead lurk near places, people, and things that
were important to them in life, and they are creatures
of almost pure emotion in death. They are still coher-
ent, thinking beings, but are occasionally possessed of
a terrible hate and fury toward the living, and may
attack without provocation. When not so enraged,
they do have most of their memories of life, and are
likely to be willing to answer the Fury's question if the
twowere friendly in life. Thisscene should be roleplayed
out: no dice roll is an appropriate way to describe a
character's encounter with a deceased loved one.

Note: Storytellers with access to Wraith: the
Oblivion are welcome to use that game's version of the
afterlife — in place of the Gauntlet rating, use the local
Shroud, and so on.

MET: Expend one Gnosis Trait and make a chal-
lenge to step sideways. If you succeed, you enter the
ghostly Dark Umbra. You are physically in the Under-
world and can affect the ghosts of the departed, but
similarly can be affected by them. You must leave
within a day of crossing over — otherwise, every scene/
hour the effective Gauntlet increases (for you only) by
one, and once it reaches 10, you become a ghost, dead
and trapped in the Underworld.

Ret

Unlike Gifts, rites are always passed from one Garou
to the next. Most of the rituals below are considered
sacred (and secret) to the Black Furies; their natures are
hidden from members of other tribes. Even those rituals
that are not secret of the Black Furies will never know-
ingly be shown to a male of another tribe; a male of
another tribe who reveals knowledge of such a rite toa
Black Fury risks his own life.

et of Accord,
Rte of Motbarbood
Level One

This simple Rite marks a Fury's shift from Maiden
status to Mother status. As is noted elsewhere, the title
"Maiden" is not strictly accurate; the spirits begin to treat

72 Black Furies

SSS ee

a 27 el

a Fury as a Mother as soon as she becomes pregnant. In
some septs, this spiritual change is sufficient, while in
others itmight take until the child isbom, andin the most
conservative septs a Fury is considered a Maiden until she
gives birth to a child who lives for one lunar year.
Regardless of when the sept declares the Fury to be a
Mother, when the time is right, this ritual is performed.
Mother and child are separated, and the young
mother is bound — this may be simply a symbolic
binding, a rope lightly draped over her, or it may be
shackles and chains. The mother breaks free of the
bonds and comes to her child's side while the Mothers
and Crones of the sept watch; when she reaches her
child again, the older women of the tribe welcome her.
System: There are no game mechanics to this rite,
though the Fury may have to make a Strength or
Willpower roll to escape from sufficiently strong bonds.
MET: Use the Rite of Motherhood as an in-play
recognition of a Fury's transition from Maiden to
Mother. Follow the usual rules for performance of a
Rite; no special benefit is given, aside from the social
transition to Mother status. The difficulty to break free
of the symbolic bindings may be nominal (a simple
rope) or extreme (ten Traits or more, for chains).

Level Two

Although a Garou can give up her tribal affiliation
with the Rite of Renunciation (see Werewolf: the
Apocalypse, p. 157), the Black Furies have their own
ritual to welcome a female Garou from another tribe
into their own. The prospective Black Fury must fast
for 24 hours to purify her body; afterward, she enters a
ritual circle while her tribemates-to-be quietly invoke
Pegasus from outside the same circle.

System: The invocation takes a few hours (the
Mistress of the Rite should roll Charisma + Occult with
a target of the local Gauntlet; the invocation takes 5
hours, minus one for every success after the first, with a
minimumof | hour). Atthe end of this period, an avatar
of Pegasus arrives. The prospective Fury must prove her
worth to the avatar. This may involve a test, at the
Storyteller's discretion, or it may simply involve a roll of
Charisma + Etiquette (difficulty 7). A failure on this roll
means that the Fury-to-be must complete a spirit quest
to join the tribe; a botch means that she has somehow
offended Pegasus and is not welcome to join.

Should the character succeed, however, she is
welcomed into the Black Fury tribe, and will be treated
as a child of Pegasus from that point forward.

MET: After a female werewolf performs the appro-
priate fasting and cleansing ceremony (which may
require a short scene of roleplay, if the character is
particularly impulsive or has very high Rage), the Black


Furies perform this ritual in a circle led by the Mistress
of the Rite. The rite caster makes a static Social Chal-
lenge against the Gauntlet, using Occult for retests. If
the rite succeeds, an avatar or Pegasus appears (via the
Spirit Keeper), and the prospective candidate must
prove her worth to the Black Fury tribe to the satisfac-
tion of Pegasus. The challenge should be role-played out
and may include tests of the subject's skills, martial
prowess, wisdom or judgement, and will certainly be
very difficult for more accomplished and renowned
Garou (who must stand tall to be worthy of their rank
and similarly must be exemplary so that they never give
shame to their new tribe). Should the subject succeed in
this task to the satisfaction of the Storytellers, the
individual becomes a Black Fury; otherwise, the spirit of
Pegasus departs without accepting the woman.

Jootthe the Start

Level Two

Black Furies perform this rite on human women
and children that have suffered at the hands of an
abusive spouse or parent. Such abuse can harm the soul
in ways still unknown to the Black Furies, but it is
certain that sufficient abuse can open a hole wide
enough fora Wyrmling to crawl into. Itis in the Furies'
nature to stop such a fate, and while it is their modus
operandi to put a halt to such abuse (violently, if need
be), Soothe the Scars is one of the Furies' best tools for
healing abuse once it has been stopped.

The rite itself is designed to put the victims at ease
immediately; the smoke of gentle incense and scented
candles should fill the air, and inoffensive soft music —
notnecessarily "spiritual" music; folk songs or children's
music are equally appropriate — should play. In the
case of victims not acquainted with Gaian spirituality,
prayers are offered to the "spirit of motherhood across
the world," though prayers to Gaia can be said in their
place. Memories of abuse are coaxed from the victim,
and each one is symbolically cast into a purifying fire.
When the rite is over, the victim can begin the long
road to real spiritual healing without risking a fall
backward into a dangerous cycle of self-degradation.
This rite has no game effect; the Storyteller should
adjudicate its roleplaying effects.

MET: The Soothe the Scars rite functions accord-
ing to the normal rules for performing a rite, but has
limited game mechanical effects. Typically, this is a
subject for roleplaying when the Furies hope to aid
victims of abuse (hopefully, after dealing with their
tormentors). The Storyteller may elect to give the
subjects of a successful Soothe the Scars rite an extra
Willpower Trait to resist further self-destructive im-
pulses or Derangements related to their abuse, which
can aid in the process of recovery.

Chapter Three: From

2 aera ere me neni area ance are orl rT rem rerek

ne AA

Forty Rite

Level Three

Many Garouand human women lack the ability togive
birth on their own; perhaps they were born with congenital
reproductive difficulties, or have become infertile due to the
influence of Wyrm-created technology or chemicals. In the
case of Garou, battle scars and similar wounds often lead to
infertility. Thisritual invokes spirits of fertility, often avatars
of Gaia in the Mother aspect, to return fertility to those
without. This ritual also improves any ordinarily fertile
subject's chance of conceiving. The Fertility Rite does work
on males, but it's almost never performed on them. It also
works on wolves, and is occasionally used in secret by those
Garou who have access to 200s and their wolf populations.
The rite does not work on metis, not that Furies would be
so arrogant as to try such a thing.

The subject of the ritual removes all clothing save
possibly a homespun robe, and sits or lays in an obviously
growing area: in the midst of a healthy forest, or in tall
grass. The Mistress of the Rite traces a circle around the
subject, using the menstrual blood of a fertile woman.
The Mistress of the Rite then invokes the spirits of Gaia
for their aid in restoring the womans birthright to her.
In the case of battle scarring or injury, Gifts such as
Mother's Touch may be brought to bear during the Rite,
but those Gifts alone will not heal the woman's injury.

System: At the heart of the ritual, the Mistress of
the Rite should roll Charisma + Medicine (difficulty of
the local Gauntlet) to heal the subject. Failure or
botching has no further adverse affect on the target;
otherwise, the woman's womb will be restored to health
in (6 minus successes) weeks. If, rather than healing
infertility, the Mistress of the Rite intends to improve an
otherwise fertile woman's chances of conceiving, the
number of successes should simply serve as a rough
indicator to the Storyteller how much more likely it is
that the character conceives. The ritual works similarly
for men; simply change references above from "concep-
tion" to "impregnation" and the general rules apply.

MET: The rite caster makes a static Social Chal-
lenge, difficulty of the Gauntlet rating, with Medicine
Ability for retests. If successful, the subject will be
rendered fertile within one lunar month. An already
fertile subject gains an increased chance of conception.
Since there are no hard-and-fast rules for these issues in
game play, it's up to the Storyteller to adjudicate their
effects, if such matters should arise in your game.

Cuorn Rher
Meandering Path
Level Three

The Freebooters represent one of the premiere groups
of Garou when it comes to finding new places to open

7

—_—

caerns. Such locations have become extremely rare in
these End Times, but every few years another pack of
Freebooters will call nearby Garou to open a brand-new
caern. The Meandering Path rite is the primary tool in
finding such prospective sites. Its use is not easy, or rapid,
but over a long period of time it helps Freebooters settle
on a worthwhile location for a new caern.

Finding an appropriate location for a new caern
has always been difficult and time-consuming; in these
days, with a high Gauntlet and the Wyrm and Weaver
crowding Gaia in at all times, it's even harder.

In the last few years, the Order of Our Merciful
Mother camp of Black Furies has begun to develop arite
similar to this one, which works in appropriately spiri-
tual parts of cities. The Order has approached some
Freebooter Theurges for aid with the rite, and that
cooperation seems to be leading down a fruitful path.

System: First, find an appropriately pristine patch
of wilderness by rolling Perception + Survival, difficulty
9 after a week's worth of investigation. Success on this
roll will indicate a broad swath (perhaps a square mile,
or even more) with high enough traces of the Wyld that
the characters might find a suitable home for a caern
within. This roll will automatically fail if the wilderness
the character investigates is unsuitable fora caer; if this
is the case, success on the Perception + Survival roll will
correctly indicate that the entire area is unsuitable. A
botch on the Perception + Survival roll may, at the
Storyteller's discretion, suggest a particularly inappro-
priate location (one with a history of Wyrm or Weaver
activity) for a prospective caern.

Then, spend a point of Gnosis and roll Perception
+ Enigmas (difficulty 9) tocarefully explore this swath
of land for a low enough Gauntlet and the favor of the
spirits. The Garou must collect ten successes on this
extended roll; each roll and Gnosis expenditure repre-
sents three days of communing with the spirits and
cautiously investigating the terrain. Note that if mul-
tiple Freebooters in the same pack have this Gift, they
can pool successes, but the investigation still takes a
minimum of three days to complete.

Once a sufficient number of successes have been
gained, the Furies still must use the Rite of Caern
Building (or Bearing the Caern, below) to actually
create the Caern. This Gift simply points out the best
location for such a thing to be done.

MET: Use astatic Mental Challenge with Survival,
difficulty of nine Traits, to sniff out a likely spot of
wilderness for caern building. This rite requires a great
deal of time and examination to function — it's not as
simple as hopping into the woods and finding a place for
everyone to build a new caern at the next game. At the
end of each game after first casting the rite, make a new

Black Furies

eS ee


Mental Challenge, using Enigmas instead of Survival.
Afteraccumulating ten successes, you locate an area most
suitable for caern building. Note that it's possible thatno
area within a specific swatch of wilderness may be appro-
priate for caern building; if this is the case, you'll gain this
information after succeeding the initial challenge.

Beartng the Crore

Level Five

While Black Furies may use the Rite of Caern Building
(Werewolf, p. 158), many traditionally prefer this ritual,
which ties the opening of a spiritual site in with one of
Gaia's other most sacred mysteries. After the Furies dis-
cover, cleanse, and purify an appropriate area, they simply
wait until an appropriate focus for the ritual is ready.

The focus, called Maia during the rite, is a pregnant
female who is near to term. She can be human, Garou,
or wolf — though a Garou who is heavy with a metis
child is an especially inauspicious choice. The woman
need not be Kinfolk, but if she is not, she may well suffer
the effects of the Delirium if any of the Furies in the rite
enter a war-form. In the event that the involved Garou
feel that they cannot wait for one of their own (or one
of their Kin) to reach term, they may kidnap a likely-
seeming human or wolf female to act as Maia. In the End
Times, this practice is becoming distressingly common.

When Maia is near labor, she is brought to the
center of the caern-to-be; female Garou surround her,
singing hymns to Gaia. Non-Furies may be present, but
they must be female; male metis of other tribes are
forbidden, though Fury male metis are allowed. A
single Crone may aid the mother during labor, but no
other assistance can be given: the Furies present must
instead fill their hearts with love for Gaia, beseeching
her to take Maia as an inspiration, and create a caern
here with the child's birth.

Should the rite succeed (see below) itis said that fates
of the newborn child and caem are tied for the remainder
of the child's life. The newborn is forever after immune to
the Delirium, even if she is neither Garou nor Kinfolk.
Different septs will treat Maia and the newborn caern-
child differently, particularly if the pair is not Kinfolk.
Some septs take the child from its mother to raise it in its
new "soul-home," while others adopt both mother and
childas honorary Kinfolk. Atleast one septhas letmother
and child return to their ordinary lives, believing that if
the child's fate is tied to the caern's, it is best for the child
to live out its true destiny. Even such liberal septs,
however, generally set a minor spirit or low-ranked
Ragabash to keep an occasional eye on the child and
check after his well-being.

The circumstances of labor and delivery also hold
omens for the caern itself. The most auspicious birth is a
healthy and quick one, where a Garou is born toa human

ns LTE EEN RT

or wolf Maia. A non-metis Garou born to a Garou
(particularly a Black Fury Maia) is also considered to be a
strongomen forthe caern's future. Ifa Garou mothergives
birth to human or wolf Kin children, the caern's greatest
promise lies in the distant future, after the child's death.
As mentioned above, if a Garou Maia is heavy with a
metis, the sept of the new caern will need to work hard to
receive respect from other Garou. Long, hard labor tends
to suggest the influence of the Wyrm near the caern.

If Maia dies in giving birth, many Theurges believe
that the caern and its Garou will play an important role
(for good or ill) in the coming Apocalypse. If the child
is stillborn, the rite fails; the death of both Maia and
child during the ritual is considered to be a profoundly
bad omen for Garou participants.

System: As with the Rite of Caern Building, the
Mistress of the Rite must make a series of successful
Gnosis rolls against a difficulty of 8, and she must achieve
a total of 40 successes. She can make this roll twice per
hour during Maia's labor, and must succeed before the
child is born. For this ritual to succeed, at least ten Garou
(one for each moon of pregnancy) must participate, in
addition to the Mistress of the Rite, Maia, and the Crone
who attends her. A botch here deals seven health levels
of damage to all involved in the Rite, including Maia.
However, the Crone attending Maia may roll her Gnosis
(difficulty 8) to absorb Maia's damage; she can take one
wound level onto herself for every success rolled. Unlike
the Rite of Caern Building, the Garou present do not
have to sacrifice their Gnosis to fuel the new caern; the
creation of new life suffices as this spark.

If all goes well with Maia, child, and ritual, the new
caern has a base Level of 1, with a Gauntlet of 4. Addi-
tional successes improve the caern just as with the Rite of
Caern Building. Those Garou participating in Bearing the
Caern receive Renown as those participating in the Rite
of Caern Building; additionally, Maia, ifa Garou, receives
an additional point of each type of Renown (giving her
one Wisdom, six Glory, and four Honor Renown).

MET: Aswith other rites of conception and birth,
the roleplay of this rite is more important than the
game mechanics. For safety reasons you obviously
shouldn't actually try to involve this rite with a player
near term; it's sufficient to have a character that gives
birth in the course of the game.

The rite caster must make a series of static Gnosis
challenges. For the sake of drama, these challenges
should be made over the course of several hours of play
— don't simply stand around fist-slapping for a minute
to accumulate all of the challenges at once. Instead,
every fifteen minutes or so, a Narrator should quietly
make achallenge with the rite mistress. Otherwise, treat
this rite like the Rite of Caen Building, in Laws of the

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone 75

a a A AP FC TT

Snr rare ere orem are coe Aron a re amserenseneren

a A

Wild. The Garou involved don't have to spend any
Gnosis to power the rite, but at least ten female Garou
must attend. If the rite is interrupted — the rite mistress
or Maia is injured, for instance — then everyone in-
volved suffers seven health levels of damage, although
the attending Crone may expend Gnosis Traits to
absorb damage from the Maia on a one-for-one basis.
Since it's not fun for your whole group to exclude all
of your male troupe members from playing ina multiple-
hour rite, you might consider allowing the men among
your troupe to stand as guards against the Wyrm-
creatures that inevitably arrive for the creation of anew
caern, even if they can't participate in the rite directly.
Or maybe you have the players all take on the roles of the
Wyrm-creatures that the women must defend against...

Mysthe Phas

L476 fhe Fire Warrlor

Level Three

In ancient days, legend holds that the goddess
Coatlicue faced an angry horde of her own children,
who charged her with betraying their father, Mixcoatl,
by the hand of a sky-spirit. When all seemed lost,
Coatlicue crouched and gave birth to the child of her
union with the sky-spirit, the god of fire and war
Huitzilopochtli. Huitzilopochtli emerged from the womb
full-grown and fully armed; he drove off or slaughtered
the mass of his half-siblings in his mother's defense.

With Birth the Fire Warrior, a Mother can mimic
Coatlicue's desperate act of incarnation, and give birth to
a warrior child spirit to fight on her behalf in times of peril.
She must ingest a foul mixture of herbs, hot spices, and
spring water, and then calmly and quietly invoke Gaia.
The warrior emerges from the Mother's womb as bloodily
and messily as one might imagine sucha thing— however,
thespirit "labor" takes place far faster than would otherwise
be the case. The warrior emerges from the Mother's loins
inaplume offire, sword in hand, and proceeds to attack her
enemies until it is destroyed or there are no enemies
remaining. Birth the Fire Warrior can be used whether the
Mother is pregnant with a real child or not, and its
emergence generally does not affect a child in the womb.

System: Roll Stamina + Primal-Urge (difficulty 8).
Success on this roll indicates that the character will be
able to birth the Fire Warrior. This spirit takes ten
minutes to emerge from the Fury's womb; successes
beyond the first decrease this time by 1 minute each orcan
be used to improve the Fire Warrior's physical traits at the
rate of one attribute point per success. The Fire Warrior
will fight unceasingly for the Fury until it is destroyed,
there are no enemies remaining, or the scene ends.

The Fire Warrior has the following base game
traits: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Perception

76 Black Furies

ey,

1, Wits 3. It has Melee 4 and Dodge 3, and an effective
Gnosis of 4 and Willpower 10. Its fiery armor gives 3
additional soak dice against all attacks, and does 5 dice
of fire damage against any foe that tries to grapple it. Its
fiery sword does 8 dice of damage on a successful hit;
this damage is considered aggravated against Wyrm
creatures and those vulnerable to fire.

MET: You must succeed in a static Physical Chal-
lenge, difficulty ofnine Traits, with Primal Urge for retests.
If you succeed, then within ten minutes (although the
Spirit Keeper may adjust this time as dramatically appro-
priate) you "give birth" toa spirit of fire that remains until
the end of thescene/hour. The fire warrior has 12 Physical
Traitsand 8 Mental and Social Traits, Melee x3, Dodge x2,
three levels of armor and inflicts three levels of fire
damage on any physical contact.

Lythons Teall

Level Four

In the ancient days of Greece, any human who
wished to consult the Oracle at Delphi was obliged to pay
atax, the "telono," which gave him the right to approach
the great altar of Apollo to offer sacrifices (boars, goats or
bulls). Having purified herselfin the water ofthe Kastalian
Fountain, Pythia bentover the Navel of the Earth (acave
opening), ate a laurel leaf and, inhaling the vapors
emitted from the chasm, entered a state of ecstasy,
uttering incoherent words. These were then composed
into verses by the Priest, while the interpreterendeavored
to render some meaning out of the prophecy.

The Greeks say that Python, a great snake-spirit
and Gaia's son, defended the rent in the earth from
which oracles could receive visions of the future; they
tell of Apollo's great victory against Python and his
prophetic works of later days.

Python wasn't truly destroyed, of course; he and his
servants walk the tunnels through Gaia's bowels that
lead back and forward in history. Loyal and wise Garou
can use Python's Trail to walk those same metaphorical
tunnels and gain glimpses of the future. Black Furies
who use this Rite take on a distant demeanor, and their
prophetic utterancesobey only dream-logic, not Weaver-
think. A second Fury must stand by the Mistress of the
Rite while she performs the Rite of Python's Trail, to
interpret the nearly mad utterances of her sister.

System: After an hour of trance, roll Perception +
Enigmas (target 8). Gaia's dream-tunnels travel through-
out history, through a given character's personal past and
future as well as all the ages of Gaia. The Mistress of the
Rite might well become overwhelmed by the visions
before her: she needs three successes to convey anything
sensible from the signs she sees — less than three and the
character notices only sensations like pain and joy, color,
and extremes of sound. Three successes yield poetic or


metaphorical visions of important parts of the character's
past or future. Four successes let the Garou explore the
timeline of a packmate or loved one; five let her look at
the past and future ona larger scale (for her entire pack or
tribe, or she may just stare forward to the fires of the
Apocalypse). To portray the prophecy correctly, the
Priestess must roll Intelligence + Expression, difficulty 8;
more successes indicate that more of the Mistress of the
Rite's vision is passed on to the pack or sept.

The Storyteller is encouraged to use dream-logic
or nightmare-logic to fabricate the character's voyages
through the past and future as a result of this Gift. It is
intended to allow the Storyteller to grant glimpses and
hints of things to come without forcing him to caper
his storylines around madly to fit an overly literal
interpretation of a character's vision.

MET: You make a static Mental Challenge with
Enigmas, difficulty of nine Traits. If you succeed, you
send your senses outward over the course of the scene/
hour into the dream-tunnels of time, twisting through a
labyrinth of images. Alert a Narrator before you begin
this rite; this will give the Spirit Keeper and Storytellers
sufficient time to craft a vision for you. Be warned that
visions of this sort follow dream creation and tend to
come in symbols or vibrant sensations, not as "video
snapshots." While you might direct your vision toward
aspecific question, the vagaries of dream may carry it in
any direction and you may or may not gain the wisdom
you seek. Expend an Expression Trait to figure out one
image or element that hints at things to come.

Atthe Storyteller's discretion, you may gain one free
retest against one foe or challenge later in the story if you
successfully deciphered your dream-trance, because you
are forewarned. However, you may not stack this retest
with other divination-granted bonuses, and you can
benefit from no more than one such retest at a time.

Pikthwert Rha
Atange foe lonocenf

Level Four

This is one of the few Garou punishment rites that
are generally applied to humans, rather than other
Garou. It happens, on occasion, that a human — not
always a male, despite what some Furies would prefer to
believe — commits a serious crime against Gaia and
cannot be easily slain. In other cases, the Furies would
prefer not to give a violator the honor of a warrior's
swift death. To these criminals, the Black Furies assign
curses like Avenge the Innocent.

Avenge the Innocent works simply: once the
Furies have some core element of the crime that a
violator has committed — a bloodied sheet from a
violent crime, an accountant's ledger from a con

Ee

INN es

artist's defrauding acommunity, orajudge's gavel from
a painfully biased divorce settlement — they take it as
close as they can to the place of the crime. With these
two elements in place, they do not need the criminal
to be present to pass judgment on him.

System: After a suitably bloody and fiery destruc-
tion of the weapon, roll Manipulation + Intimidation
(difficulty 7). If they succeed, the Furies invoke the
spirit of Hippogriff to rend the criminal's youth away.
The subject ages one year per day until his death or
until the Furies who cast the curse agree to withdraw
it — which most will not do for crimes for which
restitution cannot be equitably made.

MET: Gather a core element from a criminal's
actions and return to the scene of the crime, as de-
scribed above. The ritemaster must succeed in a static
Social challenge with Intimidation, difficulty of eight
Traits. The criminal then ages rapidly until the casters
either remove the curse or the subject dies — every
week, assign the victim one Decrepit Negative Physical
Trait; when these reach the subject's permanent total
Physical Traits, the victim dies of old age.

Note that some victims may be guarded against
spirits and so cannot be easily affected. Furthermore, the
subject must have indeed committed some heinous crime
— attempting to cast this rite on an innocent person has
no effect and may engender Notoriety for the casters.

Curse on fhe Poutcholg

Level Five

Curse on the Household is a longer-lasting, more
serious curse than Avenge the Innocent. As the name
implies, the Mistress of the Rite creates a long-lasting
curse that cascades down through generations of the
criminal's family. This curse is largely left in the hands
of the Mistress of the Rite, though there are some
restrictions on it (see below). It does not have a set
effect. However, fora ritual of this power, it is important
that the subject of the rite be physically present for its
casting; no doubt he will have to be bound, since nosane
person would knowingly allow himself to be cursed in
such a fashion. This rite is reserved for the most heinous
of criminals against the laws of Gaia: the rapist, the
mass-murderer, the incestuous parent, the cannibal.

The Mistress of the Rite chooses four things about
the curse: how the curse will pass down the family line,
when it takes effect on a particular child, its exact effect,
and how the curse may be alleviated: it may pass from
parent toall children, and so on down the line; or it may
only "infect" the eldest child, or only males (or only
females). It usually does not take effect right from birth;
it may wait until puberty, or until marriage, or some
other simple condition may bring it about. Accordingly,
the curse doesn't generally kill its targets outright — if

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone 77

mane

|

Sere rama ence orem nares arrears an rem unrwrenerenaeh

eA S74

it did, there would be no future generations to torment.
Instead, it makes their lives unpleasant, perhaps even-
tually unbearable. This could be almost anything: mild
schizophrenia; regular bad luck; a plague of ghosts or
malevolent minor spirits; inability to hold a regular job;
aserious skin condition or non-life-threatening chronic
medical condition; or many other things

System: The Fury who performs this ritual must
assign a condition to allow its breaking. She cannot break
the curse on her own, under any circumstances. She must
inform the cursed what the condition is, even ifhe cannot
possibly satisfy it. The condition is often implausible on
its surface: "Your infant child's sixth daughter must marry
a Catholic priest." The condition cannot be impossible,
however. Knowledge of the condition doesnot have to be
passed down from parent to child; if the information is
lost, the family will be cursed forever.

To perform this rite, the subject must be present; the
Mistress of the Rite rolls Intelligence + Expression,
difficulty 8. She must achieve 3 successes on this roll;
additional successes have no other effect. The Fury's
player must write down the precise effects of the rite
before the roll takes place; if it fails (that is, achieves 2 or
fewersuccesses), the subject of the curse is free to leave the
Fury's presence and that particular curse cannot be used
on him in the future. If the roll botches, the Fury who
performs the rite has the curse afflicted upon her and her
descendants, and the subject of the curse is forever
immune to cursing rituals performed by this Fury.

MET: You bring a subject to the place of your rite
and cast the Curse on the Household over the individual.
Specify one condition, which must be achievable, under
which the curse can be broken, and make astatic Mental
Challenge using Expression with a difficulty of nine
Traits. If you succeed, you give the subject the equiva-
lent of four Traits of Flaws of your choice. You must
inform the subject of how the curse can be broken. From
that time forward, the subject and all lineal descendants
suffer the exact curse and Flaws that you specify.

Jewonal Rifat
Autumn: Ropyvenate the Seif
Level One
In the earliest days of agriculture, and even before
the advent of agriculture, when humans hunted for
meat and gathered fruits and vegetables as they could,
they were fully aware that spending too long in one
place would leach the life from the soil. When tending
to herds of mortals still mattered to the Black Furies,
they taught their charges the ways of the Earth Mother;
Rejuvenate the Soil is one of those secrets.
The planter takesa pound of seeds from the choicest
crop produced or gathered this year, and burns that mass

78

naa

ina bronze bowl while murmuring prayers to Gaia in her
guise as Demeter. She must insure that no ashes or
cinders leave the fire, lest the ritual lose its efficacy.
When the fire is complete, the Fury mixes in a few drops
of her own blood. Using a labrys, the Fury next carves a
glyph of fertility — at least three feet across, and
preferably larger — into the soil at the center of the area
to be affected. She then smears or pours the blood-ash
mixture into the glyph. An area radiating out from the
glyph will regain some of its bounty over the winter.

System: The player should roll Stamina + Sur-
vival, difficulty 6 (unless the area is a former blight, in
which case it must be ritually cleansed and even then
the difficulty is 7 the first year). Every success yields an
acre of improved cropland for the next year.

MET: Make a static Physical Challenge with
Survival, difficulty of seven Traits (or eight, for an area
that has suffered from blight, famine or other disas-
ters). If you succeed, the area will benefit from im-
proved crop production over the next year — gener-
ally, a result suitable for roleplay, but the Storyteller
might rule that this can yield a tangible benefit in the
form of temporarily improved Resources or Influence if
it might affect your character's income.

Age Role Rijat

The following rites can only be used by Garou in the
appropriate age roles: Maiden Ritescan only be used before
the gestation of the Fury'sfirst child —even if, technically,
she is no longer a maiden (see the "Motherhood" section
in Chapter Two for further discussion of this). Mother
Rites can be used from the birth of the first child until the
Fury can no longer bear children (due to menopause or
injury); Crone Rites can only be used after that point.

Ndbden Peer
te of Pure Braeddng

Level Two

The mysteries of breeding and reproduction can
never be wholly eliminated. Gaia gives members of
many species tools to discern good mates, and to attract
them: cues from symmetry and obvious health to more
subtle things, like pheromones, give animals an idea of
which mate would be the best for them, In the dying days
before the Apocalypse, however, the Black Furies use
magic to help them discern the best possible mates; after
all, time is short, and wasting time breeding with a male
whose bloodline is weak isno longeracceptable. Through
the Rite of Pure Breeding, a Black Fury can determine
if a particular mate will help her produce Garou or
strong-blooded Kinfolk children.

To test a male, the Fury must acquire something
meaningful to him, or part of his body (no, nota finger,

Black Furies

ES


unless she's of the Amazons of Diana and he's really
patient— hair or fingernail clippings do just fine). The
ritual requires a droplet of the Fury's blood, smeared on
the stolen thing. She then breaks it (or cuts it, if too
small to easily break) over a white sheet and views the
pattern created by the bloodstains. Symmetrical or
circular patterns mean that the male would be a good
mate and more likely to produce Garou children.
Wilder, angular patterns suggest a worse match.

System: Adjudication of this rite is best done at
the Storyteller's whim, but if the player insists on
mechanics, Perception + Occult can be rolled, with a
difficulty of 8 to properly interpret the omens.

MET: As noted for the tabletop version of the Rite
of Pure Breeding, this rite is best used at the discretion of
the Storyteller, but a successful static Mental Challenge
with Occult (difficulty of nine Traits) may help to discern
whethera given male has many traits that will breed well.

Wofter Rat
Free the Wayward Cll

Level One

This rite, a simple one, frees a male Garou child of a
Black Fury from any spiritual ties to Pegasus and the Black
Furies. It is a quick, emotional rite; the mother traces the
Black Fury glyph on her son's forehead in tears, and then
blows on the boy's forehead until the glyph dries up. This
rite's popularity is relatively new as such things go; in the
ancient days, a male child was often simply left out to die
of exposure.

System: There are no game mechanics involved
with this rite; it simply acknowledges that the child is
unmarked by any Fury blood and free to become a full
member of whatever tribe will adopt him.

MET: Same thing. No mechanics necessary.

Crone Rift

Curse of the Crove

Level Two

Curse of the Crone is reserved for philanderers;
rapists deserve vengeance, not the mockery and numb-
ness this rite creates. This rite renders a male target
infertile and impotent, physically causing his member
to shrivel into near-uselessness.

System: The rite requires something distinctly
male about the target — this can be nearly anything
from a dirty undershirt to a drop of his semen. This
physical element is torn and scattered, while the Crone
quietly murmurs an incantation to Gaia. Roll Charisma
+ Primal-Urge against a target of 6; every success indi-
cates a week of duration for Curse of the Crone's effects.
The Crone can undo her own curse with the snap of a
twig and a magic word — if she so chooses.

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone

ANNs ee

MET: You must secure and destroy some article of
your subject, which must have some tie to his mascu-
linity. Make astatic Social Challenge, difficulty seven;
for each Trait of Primal Urge that you expend, the
subject suffers from impotence for a week. This affects
only men, of course. You may end this rite at your
whim, as noted for the tabletop version.

Dood the Sythe

Level Three

Crones are traditionally associated with learning
and teaching, and also with the end of life. These two
aspects both feed Find the Scythe, which allows a
Crone to determine the means by whicha given Garou
will meet her end. This ritual does not work on
humans. Find the Scythe can be performed ona willing
or unwilling subject, but the subject must be present
for the ritual to work properly.

System: The Crone must inspect the Garou from all
angles; to accomplish this, she walks clockwise around
the stationary subject while looking across her right
shoulder at him. When this is complete, she inspects the
top of his head, and the lines on the bottom of his feet.
After half an hour of meditation on all that she has seen
roll Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 9 if the subject is a
Maiden by Fury standards — regardless of her tribe — or
8 if she is a Mother, or 7 if a Crone). If successful, the
Crone will be able to describe the manner of death that
will befall this Garou. A failure results in a vision that is
incorrect in one important detail (the character's killer
uses a gun, not a klaive, for instance); a botch indicates a
vision that is wildly inaccurate, preferably a vision that
will unnerve the subject as much as possible.

The Storyteller is free to describe this vision in
whatever means he sees fit, and the Fury is equally free
to pass the vision off in her own manner. The vision is
occasionally metaphorical, though it is often quite
literal. However, it is generally somewhat impression-
istic; for instance, it might be obvious that a black-
furred werewolf will rip the character's heart out, but
that werewolf's identity will be unclear.

Find the Scythe is a dangerous rite, because it
seems to ferret out the absolute truth of a future event.
No amount of wheeling and dealing with the spirit
world will alter the death shown through Find the
Scythe. This may cause Storytellers some headaches,
and they are encouraged to think quickly on their feet
tocope with the results of Find the Scythe. Remember,
Storytellers, vagueness can be a virtue.

MET: The Crone casting the rite walks clockwise
around the subject and examines her carefully, then
spends a half-hour out of play contemplating the various
signs read. Once completed, make a static Mental Chal-
lenge, difficulty of ten Traits (using Enigmas for retests).

|

If the caster succeeds, then she manages to discern one
important portent of the subject's death and how it will
occur. If she fails, then she describes an incorrect image.
It'srecommended that the Storyteller involved in the rite
decide on whether to counter with rock, scissors or paper
beforehand and let the player throw without knowing the
outcome. The vision engendered is the literal fate of the
subject, and will come to pass eventually — make a note
of it on the character's record.

Toferat
Topems of Reppert

The Museat

Background Cost: 5

Some Fury packs follow the path of the Art Spirits,
who carry with them creativity, skill, and wisdom. The
Muses — there are nine — collectively choose a pack,
passing their blessings to the most worthy Furies. The
Muses are not responsible for the sacred creative impulse.
They teach the craft and form of their arts, but they
cannot engender the act of creation. That is reserved for
mortals alone, be they human or Garou. In the ancient
days, itis said, the Muses were separate totem spirits, each
responsible for their own small group of packs, but on the
cusp of the Apocalypse, there are not enough Fury packs
dedicated to the arts and learning for them to do so.

a fee

Traits: Muse pack members each gain one perma-
nent point to the Social Attribute of their choice and
one point in Performance, Expression, or Enigmas.
Each pack member will have a particular Muse to
whom she is closest, based on the art form that she
prefers. Calliope favors heroic and epic poets (Expres-
sion); Clio favors historians (Enigmas); Erato favors
those who compose erotic and love poetry (Expres-
sion); Euterpe favors those who perform instrumental
music (Performance); Melpomene favors tragic the-
ater (Performance); Polymnia favors the poets of the
sacred (Expression); Terpischore favors song and dance
(Performance); Thalia favors comic theater (Perfor-
mance); and Urania favors astronomy (Enigmas).

Ban: Muse packs must devote their lives to art and
learning. They also must work to defend free speech
and freedom of expression.

MET: The Muses grant their pack members one
extra Social Trait and one Trait of either Performance,
Expression or Enigmas Ability.

Toferut of War
The Gorgont

"The Medusae," as a single Totem, no longer exist
Due to circumstances that are not clear even to the Furies'
eldest Theurges, Medusa herself has fallen away from her

sisters; all five now exist as independent Totem spirits.
Packs previously dedicated to the Medusae should pick a
new totem from among the five Gorgons (listed individu-
ally below). This is an out-of-character decision, as the
Gorgons themselves select their own packs in this time of
turmoil. Players may cede this decision to the Storyteller, of
course. According to the historian in Chapter 1, no known
pack formerly dedicated to the Medusae asa group has been
adopted by Medusa herself; however, there is no reason
that, Storyteller willing, your pack cannot be the first.

Suryade

Background Cost: 4

Euryale, also called the Far Springer, is the
the Five Daughters. She often serves as the ma
to packs of Amazons of Diana; she symp;
their general feeling that Man is the we:
deserves to be subjugated by Woman. De:
older sister, Euryale is a New Moon. She)
Furies and female packs to deliberately
conventions imposed by patriarchal society
they can; Euryale can almost be heard ches
human woman walks down a New Yor
when a lesbian couple adopts ach

bers, and will only aie the
official ifhe defeats the pack's,

Fatal Flaw and Leap of the Ka
bonuson Intimidation challenge reso}

Vielena

Background Cost: 4
Helena, the Crescent Mooy
holdsa great deal more respect fot Man than her older sister
Euryale does, She knows that both sexes are equally parts of
Gaia, and it is simply the misguidance of the Patriarch that
leads Man astray. Packs devoted to Helena probably tend
to err on the side of harshness when it comes to females'
weakness; Helena's daughters, for instance, are sure to hold
a mother partially culpable if her husband is abusing their
children. However, they are sure to ferret out the truth of
such a situation, and come down most harshly on the more
serious offender of the couple, regardless of gender.

Traits: Helena's packs receive the Gift: Name the
Spirit, +1 to Charisma and +3 dice to Investigation
dice pools. Each pack member gains one temporary
Wisdom Renown.

Ban: Helena's packs must contain an equal num-
ber of male and female Garou. If there isan odd number
in the pack, the odd Garou can be of either gender (if

gu eaten aide

a? EPA FEY SEN Ne me

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone

the pack has seven members, there can be 4 male and
3 female, or 4 female and 3 male, but not 5 and 2 in
either direction). The males can be Fury metis or
members of other tribes, if Helena accepts them.

MET: Helena's packs gain the Gift: Name the
Spirit, a bonus Social Trait Charismatic, one extra
Wisdom Renown Trait and a three-Trait bonus to the
resolution of all Investigation challenges.

hifhene

Background Cost: 5
Isthmene the Axe-Maiden is the youngest and most
of the Gorgons; she is also the most fierce in
eldsa labrys of pure silver, and encourages

kindly appearance, Isthmene brooked no
-talk from any man while she walked the
Realm, and she does not handle rebukes from her older
sisters much better. Garou legends have it that whole
forests were felledyin ancient days as Isthmene worked
fhher-Rage er older sisters' condescending ways.
member of one of Isthmene's packs

's tight will not tolerate any
of any species, and they pay back
sproportionate fashion: insults are

one Glory Renown
ion of all combat chal-

one additional Rage
ies, never fox frenzies.

dusa is older only than Isthmene, and her Rage
ightening to behold. Medusa's hatred of
Man is only exceeded by Isthmene's; it is said that she
howled a song of rage when Pegasus adopted the first
male metis of the Black Fury tribe, and that she
abandoned her sisters for several years after that.
Medusa, known by the poet Hesiod as "The Queen,"
was a Galliard in life, and her songs remain beautiful;
many of them serve as battlefield Rites on their own.
Medusa has once again left her sisters; whether
willingly —due to a dispute with Helena or another—
orasaresult of battle with Wyrm- or Weaver-creatures
is unknown. While most Furies assume that Medusa
has no packs to call her own, the truth is that perhaps
one or two packs have heard her distant calls, and
receive some inspiration from their faraway mother.

81
ea


Sera weer nee cores enor ore eer Ne rem rwreian ars

Traits: Medusa's daughters receive the Gift: In-
spiration, +3 to dice pools involving Crafts, and +1
Honor Renown.

Ban: Medusa's packs may contain neither mem-
bers of tribes other than Black Furies, nor even male
Fury metis; they even refuse to consort with such
creatures at caerns when possible.

MET: Medusa's packs gain the Gift: Inspiration, a
three-Trait bonus to all Craft challenge resolutions
and an extra Trait of Honor Renown.

Seno

Background Cost: 4

Stheno, called "the Mighty" by Hesiod, is the
middle daughter, and as such serves as peacemaker
among her sisters. Most often, to her chagrin, this
involves standing to defend Helena against the other
three, despite her own feelings toward Man. Stheno is as
wise as she is strong; she rarely comes to any conclusion
without proper deliberation, but her snap judgments are
likely to be the correct ones nevertheless. Stheno seems
to be terribly concerned about Medusa's disappearance,
and has assigned her daughters to seek out Medusa
herself or any packs or minor spirits that serve her.

Traits: Members of packs devoted to Stheno receive
one temporary Wisdom Renown, and the Gift: Strength
of Purpose. The pack also gains an additional die of both
Strength and Stamina to be apportioned in the usual way.

Ban: Daughters of Stheno must accede to any
request to stand as arbiters, particularly in conflicts
between men and women. They must endeavor to learn
the truth of these conflicts before rendering judgment.

Nedstat Dhtyppearanee

The mystery of Medusa's disappearance is de-
liberately left to the Storyteller. She will eventually
return to the greater spirit world, and packs will
follow her as they follow her sisters, but the nature,
cause, and duration of her disappearance aren't
likely to be a major part of the "greater storyline" of
Werewolf, whatever that is. Some possibilities:

Pegasus may have had something to do with
the birth of the "Perfect Metis," and Medusa has
once again left Pegasus's brood to consider her
future with them.

An argument between Medusa and Isthmene
erupted into full-fledged fighting; Medusa left the
scene of the battle because she did not wish to fly
into a frenzy and slay her sister.

Medusa is somehow involved with the arrival of
Anthelios, the Red Star. For a darker chronicle, per-
haps Medusa has been swayed to the side of the Wyrm.

8

yma

ne 7 eee

MET: Stheno's packs gain one Trait of Wisdom
Renown, the Gift: Strength of Purpose and the bonus
Physical Traits of Stalwart and Resilient.

Prutber

Background Cost: 5

Panther is a rare totem for Garou, given the bad
blood after the War of Rage and subsequent cascades
of anger. Panther guides a few packs of Freebooters,
Bacchantes, and Amazons, but has not taken a new
pack of Garou cubs on in several years; surely any pack
she was to take on would have to be exceptional in the
traits that Panther favors: grace, speed, and cunning.

Traits: Panther gives her children the Gift: Eyes
of the Cat, and reduces the difficulties of all rolls
involving stealth, grace, or balance by two. Many Red
Talons and Get of Fenris despise followers of Panther,
primarily due to their distrust of the Bastet. The Bastet
consider Panther packs kindred spirits and may call on
their sisters in time of need; in particularly rare circum-
stances they may come toa Panther pack's assistance.

Ban: Panther packs must aid felines in distress —
be they housecats stuck in trees or Bastet beset by
Wyrm-creatures. Panther packs must also spend at
least one month a year in the Amazon, despite the
great risk; things have gotten very dire there. Panther
no longer asks her packs to gather gossip for her, having
more important things to worry about.

MET: Panther's packs gain the Gift: Eyes of the
Cat and gain a two-Trait bonus on challenge resolu-
tions of all stealth, grace or balance-related actions.

Toperut of Widow
Thurs, the DreamWeaver

Background Cost: 6

Themis is the ancient Greek goddess of justice; she is
seen in the traditional image of justice as a blindfolded
woman holding scales. A pack of Furies dedicated to
Themis built the temple of the oracle at Delphi, though
it was later taken from them. As the child of both earth
and sky gods, she strode between the old chthonic ways
of Gaia and those of Man. She was able to keep this
balance for eons, until the balance of the Triat shifted. As
itdid so, Themis slipped between Wyld and Weaver. Her
present Realm is an Umbral sphere near the dreamlands;
aid and advice from Themis come only through dreams,
a trait that has given her the epithet "Dream-Weaver."

Packs serving Themis are constantly on the prowl in
search of injustice. They observe and meditate on the
balance of the Tellurian when they can, but for the most
part they follow their mistress's guidance to sources of
great injustice. Themis is an old spirit; Priestesses of
Artemis and more traditional Amazons often follow her.

Black Furies

caine' //


4

Se LSAT FEY EI Ne mee

Traits: Children of Themis gain a permanent
point of Wisdom Renown, and add one to their Enig-
mas and Gnosis traits. Galliards of Themis gain the
Gift: Dreamspeak, and all of her children receive
prophetic visions of the Storyteller's devising from
time to time — the meaning of which will not be
obvious. Players should interpret the dreams through
roleplaying, rather than making an Enigmas roll.

Ban: Themis will never choose Glass Walkers nor
allow her children to learn a Glass Walker-only tribal
Gift (for instance, a child of Themis could learn
Attunement, since that Gift is shared with the Bone
Gnawers, but could not learn Control Simple Ma-
chine). Too much of the Weaver exists in these things.

MET: Themis' packs gain one Trait of Wisdom
Renown, one Gnosis Trait and one extra Bpig
Ability. Galliard followers of Themis also gai
Gift: Dreamspeak.

Fitither
Labegs (Now fetth)

The "standard" labrysisa
to be wielded with two han
can wield a labrys in one h;

6. A Garou can wield
Strength reaches 8 (at
the standard rules for
must splitthe character
actions — buta Crine8
labryses is a terpif¥fing s
on Intimidate rolls).

fetishes in addition to their core us
this is done as much to honor the w

to accepta
few react

MET: A labrys has three bonus Traits, the nega-
tive Traits of Clumsy and Heavy, and inflicts three
health levels of damage in combat. An individual may
wield a labrys in one hand with ten or more Physical
Traits, and a pair of them with fourteen or more
Physical Traits.

Firtbity Charme

Level 1, Gnosis 2

Many different sorts of fertility charms exist; the
labrys itself is considered to be a fertility symbol by
many. Others include a stylized woman's body, such as
the Venus of Willendorf; catseyes or simply stone or
wooden cat pendants; eggs; frogs; the lotus; and many

others. Furies bind spirits of particularly fertile animals
(rabbits, cats, frogs) into these charms and in so doing
create a spot of magic that increases a woman's chance
of conceiving healthy young. Fertility charms work just
as well ona female Garou or wolf as they do ona human,
though they do not improve the mother's chance of
conceiving a Garou child. And of course, none of them
work on metis. Some more powerful versions of these
charms also improve the mother's health through the
pregnancy, increasing her chances of surviving it and
living to raise her child. Garou rarely need such assis-
tance, and modern medicine does. moderately good job
of caring for humans, so these sorts of charms are slowly
. Fertility charms have no game effect; the

ere on the receiving
other tribes were.
se arrows: first, they
ds, and second, they
Hhat is to say, a Fury
-thing, miss, and
side of a tank,
to attempt to
bing piton, or

it counts as just

ding. The arrows

bf damage (thus, 5 for

and 6 for longbows), and that damage is

silver, unsoakable by Garou without special Gifts or
armor. These fetishes typically contain Lunes.

MET: A quiver of silvered arrows inflicts silver
damage, as might be expected. The fetish version here
scores an extra health level of damage if the archer
wins or ties a subsequent Simple Test after hitting, and
will never break when fired.

Cavern Tore

Level 3, Gnosis 3

The wearer of a Cavern Tore is blessed when
traveling beneath Gaia's surface and exploring her
womb; cave systems become safe harbors for her.
When the Cavern Tore is worn, the Garou can see in
pitch-blackness as well as she could on acloudy day. In

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone 83

ee

mee


:

a AA

ways, she can see even farther; her senses extend about
twenty meters in all directions, while underground.
She can sense foes hidden around the bend ina tunnel,
or see through a minor cave-in. The tore even works
when beneath the earth in modern structures; should
a Garou wearing it penetrate the basement of a Wyrm-
infested skyscraper, she will benefit from its abilities
there. The Cavern Tore only fails if the Gauntlet rises
to 9 or above. These fetishes are created with the help
of various cavern spirits, such as bat-spirits, mole-
spirits or earth elementals.

MET: The wearer of an active Cavem Torc never
suffers darkness penalties and cannot be surprised by
anything within twenty paces so long as the local
Gauntlet is below nine.

Coln Reajser

Level 3, Gnosis 3

The Sisterhood first developed fetishes of this na-
ture as early as the sixteenth century; the fetish tracks
money backward, to see who owned it previously. Early
versions of this fetish are pairs of scales with a quill pen
and inkwell; acoin is placed on one side of the scales and
the pen leaps up and writes the names of the last seven
people who touched it. More modem versions of the
fetish have asmall platter anda receipt-style printer, but
the effect is the same — and note that all versions of
these fetishes can track paper money as easily as they do
coinage. Electronic transfers, being purely in the realm
of the Weaver, cannot be tracked with this fetish. This
fetish was first created when a Sisterhood pack found
itself to be receiving a great deal of Wyrm-tainted
coinage; they had no easy way to track the money
backward, and found that they inadvertently intimi-
dated shopkeepers they interrogated. Certain Gifts and
Wyrm-powers can conceal past owners' identities.

Rumors abound of a version of this fetish that
continues to track coins for a few days after they leave
the fetish; they write out names as the coin goes from
owner to owner for a week or so. Such a fetish would
surely have a higher Gnosis requirement than that of
an "ordinary" coin reader. These fetishes are crafted by
binding spirits of avarice.

MET: Because of the difficulty of tracking every
piece of immaterial money that passes through charac-
ters' hands, this fetish should be used between games
when you wish to gather information about someone's
Resources or Influence. You can learn how they gain
their money (by checking up on who's paying them) or
who they're spending it on, so long as you can acquire a
sample of the money. Doing so may require you to
roleplay somehow coming into possession of the
subject's money, either by theft or guile.

84

\ dl

Bon of Artem

Level 3, Gnosis 5

A Bow of Artemis is usable only by a Maiden Black
Fury. It is the perfect hunting bow, giving its wielder +4
dice to her Survival dice pools when using it to hunt for
food. In battle, it grants its wielder +2 dice to her Archery
dice pool, and causes those arrows that strike their targets
to do two extra dice of lethal damage. The bow is crafted
by binding any spirit of Pegasus' brood within.

MET: A Bow of Artemis inflicts one extra health
level of damage with any arrow fired; it grants an extra
two bonus Traits to its wielder (although this is only a
single Trait if the archer does not have Archery or
Athletics Ability); and it adds a whopping four Trait
bonus to resolution of all Survival challenges of bow
hunting. These modifiers stack with magical ammuni-
tion — beware the Fury with Bane or Silvered Arrows.

Labeys Fatth)

Level 3, Gnosis 7

A fetish labrys is much like the standard double-
headed axe of the same name (see above). However,
thanks to the war-spirit bound within, it inflicts aggra-
vated damage, not lethal.

Camdorat Box

Level 3, Gnosis 6

In ancient myth, Pandora had a box full of the ills
of mankind; as she was unstoppably curious, she did
open it and they were released to hassle humanity for
alltime. This fetish is ironically named for that woman,
though it can be used both to trap and release Banes —
the ills of mankind embodied. The Box can hold up to
ten Wyrm-spirits at a time.

To trap a spirit, the Fury bound to the Box must
point its keyhole at the spirit and speak a command
word in ancient Greek. The box then rolls its Gnosis
in acontest against the spirit's current Rage; the target
is 6 for both Box and Bane. If the Box gets more
successes, the Bane is trapped; if the Bane gets as many
or more successes, it is free and Pandora's Box cannot
be used on it again that day.

If, for some reason, the Fury wishes to let one or
more Banes free, she needs only to open the lid of
Pandora's Box. She must make a Wits roll and achieve
3 successes in order to release just one Bane; fewer than
3 successes means that extra Banes escape, one per
success. A botch on this roll frees all the Banes in the
box. Ifshe gets the 3 successes, the one Bane that escapes
will be the one that has been in the Box for longest.

This fetish is made by binding any spirit with
entrapment powers within; usually spider-spirits or
spirits of crafts are preferred.

Black Furies

er a


Ne ee

MET: Make a challenge pitting the Box (six
Gnosis Traits) against the target Bane's Gnosis Traits.
If the Box wins, it immediately sucks in the target Bane
and traps it. If it fails, the Box cannot function again on
that Bane for the rest of the day.

Releasing a Bane requires a static Mental Chal-
lenge from the Box's owner, with a difficulty of seven
Traits. Success allows the holder to free the one Bane
that has resided in the Box longest. Otherwise, all of
the Banes escape.

Aabeye of lefhmene

Level 4, Gnosis 7

The Labrys of Isthmene is not a unique item;
instead, it is a general name for any fetish labrys
dedicated to Isthmene, the Gorgon of battle. The most
common variety of this fetish inflicts its Strength + 4
dice of damage as aggravated wounds rather than
lethal, and allows the wielder to channel the Gift:
Spirit of the Fray by spending Gnosis just as if she knew
that Gift. A Labrys of Isthmene cannot be used by a
male Garou of any tribe; it takes an extra point of
Gnosis for a female of a tribe other than the Black
Furies to attune to it.

MET: An attuned labrys of Isthmene, usable only
byawoman, inflicts aggravated damage instead of lethal
damage and allows its holder to invoke the Gift: Spirit of
the Fray. As noted previously, attuning such a weapon
requires an extra Gnosis Trait from a non-Fury female.

Level 4, Gnosis 8

These whips are ancient barbed cats o' nine tails.
They are alleged to have been cut from the intestines of
agreat Wyrm-creature, though some suggest that it might
have been the Nemean Lion. This is only likely because
the Lion was emphatically a chthonic creature of earth
defeated by the male god Heracles, and using its innards
as a pain fetish suits the ironic nature of a Fury Crone.
These whips are used for punishment or even torture, not
combat. A hit from one of the Lashes — only five exist —
does Strength +3 aggravated damage, with a soak diffi-
culty of 9. Wounds from the Lash leave permanent scars;
Furies can make a Perception + Occult roll, difficulty 8to
attempt to recognize the distinctive scars the Lash makes
— two successes are necessary for this.

Spirits inside the Lash ferret out the target's guilty
secrets onasuccessful hit, and relay this information to the
Furyusing the whip unless the target rolls more Willpower
successes (at a difficulty of 9) than he took wound levels.
The Iseh of the Furies is not solely: used on Winn:
creatures; it has been used on intransigent Garou of other
tribes, but those Garou are rarely allowed to return alive
to their tribemates. It is known that Kelonoke Wildhair

85

SN

fpr i en NSIS

has a Lash of the Furies in her possession, and that its
tender caresses are the least of the agonies that a male
Garou who sets foot near the Furies' home caern will feel.
MET: A Lash of the Furies inflicts two levels of
aggravated damage, but it has no bonus Traits. However,
since a victim is typically being tortured and unable to
resist, this is hardly a hindrance. Each time the Lash
strikes, the victim must win (not tie) a Simple Test or
expenda Trait of Willpower; failure means thatone guilty
secret is transmitted empathically to the lash wielder.

Bronze Labrys

Level 5, Gnosis 7

The oldest weapons of the Black Furies stem from the
tribe's Golden Age, in Athens during the days after the
Trojan War. During that time, they acted as arbiters of
justice within the city, to the dismay of lawbreakers
throughout Athens. A few fetishes remain with the tribe
from those ancient days; accordingly, they are fashioned
were most weapons and armor of the day.
The Bronze Labrys is intended as a sample fetish of this
sort; Storytellers and players are encouraged tocreate their
ownancientfetish weapon tofittheirchronicle's backstory.

The Bronze Labrys does Strength + 5 dice of aggra-
vated damage; additionally, it moves under the influ-
ence of the Gorgons'' spirit invested into it, and gives its
wielder a free Block maneuver each turn of combe

Pe ee

nomulti-action penalty. The Bronze Labrys can store up
to five points of Gnosis, which its wielder may tap as a
free action, to use as she sees fit; she can also invest her
own Gnosis into the Bronze Labrys to replenish energy
that she hasspent. Lastly, once per day the Fury wielding
the Bronze Labrys may use it tocut through up toa three-
foot depth of almost any inanimate substance; doing so,
she can dig a human-sized hole.

MET: A Bronze Labrys functions in combat like a
normal labrys, except that it inflicts aggravated damage
and it gives the wielder one free defensive retest per
combat turn. The Bronze Labrys holds up to five Traits of
Gnosis and may be used or replenished at will by the
wielder. Once per day the Bronze Labrys may excavate a
hole of three-foot depth in any inanimate surface except
the most powerfully enchanted hardened materials.

Wore awd Fans

Merits and Flaws are an optional rule introduced in
the Werewolf Players Guide; they allow a player to add
various rules benefits and drawbacks to his character
by paying extra freebie points (or receiving more
freebies for taking Flaws). If the Storyteller allows
Merits and Flaws in his game, the following should
prove particularly appropriate for Black Fury c' ce
ters. At the Storyteller's discretion, Garou cha

FE OME,

Nr } ffi


of any tribe can take many of them; however, of course,
the Storyteller's word in this matter is, as always, law.

The character with this merit is far more likely to
become a parent than another Garou is. While Garou are
not substantially less fertile than humans are, a Garou with
Unusually Fertile is twice as likely as an average human to
either become pregnant or cause a pregnancy after a single
unprotected sexual encounter. The children ofacharacter
with this Merit are no more likely to be Garou than are the
children of another character not so blessed. The specific
effects of the Merit are best left to the Storytellerand player
involved, especially if the character is female. For obvious
reasons, metis may not take this Merit.

MET: As noted in the tabletop text, your charac-
ter is unusually fertile, but the impact of this upon
game play is a matter for Storyteller discretion, not for
challenges and Traits.

AGaroucharacter with the Merit: Caer Child was
born during a Rite of Bearing the Caer (see p. 75). This
birth alone is considered to be a very strong positive
omen; the character receives +1 die on all Social rolls
when dealing with Garou of her home sept. Addition-
ally, the totem spirits of the caern to which the character
was born pay special attention to her; she receives 1
point in the Totem background for free, so long as her
pack's totem is one of the sept's totem spirits.

This background does bring negative attention to
the character as well. Should she fail in any task the
Theurges and Galliards of her home sept are likely to
wail and gnash their teeth, as the character's fate is said
to be linked to that of the caern. The character may
receive a mentor or two that she didn't seek out or ask
for, due to the sept's need to keep her safe and strong.
She is certain to receive unwelcome attention from
the local Wyrm population, who believe — probably
quite rightly — that the first step to corrupting the new
caern is to force the character down the Black Spiral,
corrupting her rather than killing her outright.

MET: You gain a one-Trait bonus to all Social
Challenges involving Garou of your home sept — the
caern to which you're tied. You gain one free Trait in the
Totem Background, as well. The health of your home
caem is probably tied to your fortunes; while this is a
subject for the Storyteller to interpret, it does mean that
your sept-mates probably go out of the way to help and
advise you, so as to insure your health and, by extension,
your caern's continued prosperity. Be warned, as unwel-
come "advice" and intervention from Wyrm foes may seek
to guide or direct you in order to influence your caern.

mo —
CampA folly Comlty (2 potut Neri Tian)

Camp Affinity indicates that a particular camp of
Black Furies has a particular fondness toward you.
Perhaps you did them a great favor, or perhaps they are
trying to sway you to join their group. Regardless, you
havea-l difficulty on Social rolls when interacting with
that camp. You should not be a member of this camp
when you first take this merit, although you can shift
into that camp during play as the chronicle permits.

Camp Enmity indicates that a particular camp of Black
Furies has it in for you. This works best when the character
is amember of a particular camp to which the other camp
already has some opposition, like the Sisterhood and the
Order of Our Merciful Mother, or the Bacchantes and the
Amazons of Diana. Or perhaps you're not in a given camp,
but you have done something to give offense to one. No
matter the cause, this Flaw gives you a +1 difficulty on
Social rolls when interacting with that camp.

MET: As a Merit, you gain a one-Trait bonus to
Social Challenge resolution with members of the camp in
question; asa Flaw, this isa penalty Trait instead. In either
case, you should also briefly inform camp members of this
Trait so as to appropriately influence subsequent role-
playing. Note that this bonus or penalty Trait can exceed
your usual Trait maximum or minimum.

ufertbe (2 or 3 potot Faw)

Your character is infertile, for whatever reason; per-
haps she contracted a virulent disease as a youth, suffered
from battle scars to the abdomen, or was the victim of a
botched abortion before her First Change. She cannot
bear any children. This is the cause of some lowering of
status within the Black Furies; she loses 1 point of Honor
Renown. If the character has never borne any children,
then she will be considered a Maiden until such time as
she goes through menopause and becomes a Crone —
this is the 3-point version of the Flaw. She cannot learn
any Mother Gifts or rites. If the character has had
children, and simply can have no more, this is only a 1-
point Flaw. At the Storyteller' option, depending on the
traditions of the sept, the latter version of this Flaw may
lead to the character's being considered a Crone.

MET: Lose one Trait of Honor Renown: Your
character can never have children, except through the
intervention of magical assistance (which may require
you to spend experience points to remove this Flaw).
For one Trait, you have had children but cannot have
more, and are probably considered a Crone. For three
Traits, you have not and never will have children; you
will be a Maiden until you enter the Crone age. You
will also tend to suffer from varying levels of pity and
scorn from other Black Furies, especially Mothers.

Chapter Three: From Maiden to Crone 87

a

|


There is no animal more invincible than a woman, nor
fire either, nor any wildcat so ruthless.

— Aristophanes, Lysistrata

Some Garou look on the Black Furies as some-
thing less than a tribe — they see only the "no males"
law, and presume they're dealing with a sorority. This
is a horrible, and ultimately rather human, mistake.
The Furies are bound not by their "rejection of males"
(a ridiculous concept, considering how many Furies
have beloved brothers, husbands and children), but by
ties of society, blood and mysticism. Their bloodlines
and oaths before Pegasus have keptthem bound through
terrible trials that would have splintered any group
founded on nothing more than a simple philosophy of
sexism. This is, sadly enough, often a major stumbling
block when the Furies recruit the disgruntled females
of other tribes; such renunciates often fail to consider
that their new tribemates aren' tnecessarily of the same
mind as their new inductee. They find out all too
quickly that the Furies are a tribe like all the others, for
better and for worse.

Still, there is some truth to the word "sisterhood";
two Black Furies of the same general age and rank will
indeed consider one another sisters. Like any two

sisters, they may love each other, be indifferent to one
another, or hate each other bitterly — but they're still
sisters, not acquaintances. Some Furies find that their
bonds with their tribal sisters, mothers and aunts are
far superior to any ties they might have had with their
blood relations. Others find their relationship with
their tribe doesn't quite replace their bonds with their
closest relatives — but that it gives them something
new to believe in. And, of course, some Furies are
related to certain tribemates by blood and tribal bond,
reinforcing the "tribe as family" mindset all the more

The following Black Furies are a selection of raw
cubs that have yet to make their mark on the world
and tribal legends that have already done so. The
former can be used as pregenerated player characters
for an off-the-cuff game, for introducing new play.
ers, or even as simple extras; the latter might make

guest appearances as contacts, ancestor-spirits or in
other roles. Their motivations, strengths and weak
nesses may vary widely, but in each one's breast
burns the heart of a Fury

Chapter Four: Sisters, Mothers and Grandmothers 89

ee

Fe

eer rarer rr caren sure ar SnearNoUan recur ree)

Omega Female

Quote: I don't understand. Why shouldn't I submit to him?
Doesn't he outrank me?

Prelude: All the others could tell you were different from
the time your eyes were open. Unfortunately, they didn't take
it very well. Your parents favored your littermates over you, and
the rest of the pack followed suit. You spent many of your days
as a cub hungry, never given any food until the others had
eaten, and sometimes punished for trying to sneak alittle extra.
It wasn't much fun, but you accepted it as your lot. After all,
someone had to be the omega.

Your First Change came when the beta female, fresh from
challenging the alpha female's authority and still smarting from
the loss, tried to make herself feel better by making you
miserable. Although your wolf instinct told you not to resist,
the abuse woke a deeper instinct, one you'd never felt before.
Youkkilled her before you knew what you were doing. Horrified,
confused and ashamed, you bolted as far away from the pack as
you could manage.

Your flight took you into human territory, where you
skulked in the shadows and hid from the humans until your
tribe-sisters caughtup with you. You were terrified of them, and

never once questioned them when they addressed you in a

strange half-wolf tongue (that you somehow understood) and
commanded you to come with them. They weren't happy that
you'd killed one of their all-too-rare wolf Kin, but they took you
inall the same.

Thanks to your inborn intelligence, further motivated by your fear
of offending these people, you were a quick study, learning your new
role in the world with great speed. As you learned more and more

about your new people, you started to understand just why you
were born different, and that made you more at home. Still, you
kept finding things that continued to baffle you. Everyone gets
to breed — is expected to breed — not just the alphas? Some
humans deserved to be protected and others didn't? The
elders encouraged you to keep asking questions — it was
good for your Ragabash nature, they claimed. Even so, that /
felt uncomfortably like a challenge to you. And you don't
really feel like it's your place to challenge your packmates
and septmates — at least, not in the usual way.

Concept: You learned omega behavior from your time
in the woods, and now it's conflicting with your relations with
other Garou. Your instinct tells you to defer to wolves that show:

more confidence than you, and that sometimes means you wit) a
up displaying submissive behavior to males — something EAE)
sensibilities

are starting to show through, and you're starting to realize that your
behavior might do more than irritate your sisters — it might make them

infuriates yoursisters in the tribe. However, your Ragabas

think about their defiance of wolf rules of dominance and submission.

answer that you're satisfied with.

Equipment: Bundle of donated human clothes, not much else

Black Furies

Roleplaying Notes: You appear more wolf than werewolf, and your omega

getting really irritated with your submissive behavior, ask them why — and mz

Beck Fins

News Breeds Lupus Pack Name
Player Auopice: Rogabash Pack Totem:
Chonice Kublos Concept: Omega Female
eee 0s Af prhbitgfat
mu, Mite

er LD MNiififlet

20000 Lealenbip

eee eee

IL Ad vanpaget
an ce
Hore Leap
> Scent.of Running Water
Rites ooo — Heightened Senses
Tetem_ e000 Blur of the Milky Eye.
SASS hammer
ee me Tobe
Glory e000000000 o

Qo00000090 9900000000

Honor —— i
e000000000

.
a999990000
Wisdom a999990990
e@200000000
a999909900

a
9999900000


Se rete ee
oi matic p Basck Faas

Quote: Phear my 33¢ skillz, bizatch!

Name: Breed: Homid
Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Kuklos: Concept: Computer Witch

Pack Name:

Prelude: They say suburbia's no place for a defender of
the Wyld to grow up, but it's not like you can choose your
parents. Your mom insisted on taking you on the occasional Pisa"
wilderness retreat or whatever latest "all-natural" fad she Deng
was pursuing, butshe never had the willpower to give up her
television and A/C for long. Your dad was worse — actually,

Appeurance
AA MNibiflat
74
"better," to your point of view. He loved his technological
toys, and used his comfortable salary to purchase all the
latest gadgets while they were still cutting-edge and expen-

sive. When you started showing an interest in how things

like VCRs and computers worked, Mom didn't approve, but

Dad encouraged you. When it turned out you had a knack SM enrfagis wmmememmmeao |

for that sort of thing, there was no way he'd hear of taking Contacts Persuasion
Kinfolk Spirit Speech =
your gear away or pulling you out of computer classes. Resources 0000 Sense Wyrm

Rites see
Of course, there was nothing like the Internet to both (000000

ZZ

attract and repulse you. It opened up infinite possibilities —

Teme
and revolted you with the ince:

nt shilling of porn, piracy Glory see
and other cheap gratification. You began a love/hate rela- gogg990009 Ga00%
Honor
0000000000
gougguua90
Wisdom goo
° 000000
999090a0G0a

— ti Rll atic

tionship with the ‘net, absorbing all the great information
they had online and hacking the hell out of the sites that you
found to be over-the-top.

Your First Cl

ange came during a late-nighter, when
you found a link to a bondage site that went too far. You
lost your patience, your temper, and your entire computer
setup before you knew what was going:on. Your folks ushered you downstairs after
the fit, made a couple of calls, and before long a knot of hard-eyed Amazons
your doorstep.

asat (

You'd always been a clever and tough kid, so you went through orientation better
than most. But the elders were frankly appalled when you started asking questions about
spirit technology and using it to attack Woman's enemies. Such thinking was of the
Weaver, the Enemy, they said. In your defense, you convinced them to watch over your
shoulder as you booted up a coffeehouse computer and set to work. Within five
minutes, you'd shown them six websites that dealt in snuff films, rape footage
from the Balkans and other atrocities. Within twenty, you'd managed to
wrangl Once you'd pointed out that they'd never have found these
places on their own, the elders gave in and started helping you learn to do your thing — only better
than ever before.

treet addresse:

Concept: You're a hacker that would do well among the Glass Walkers, but your mentality
isall Fury. Where the Walkers treat computer-spirits as allies, you treat them like demons and
djinn that must be bound to do your bidding. In your spare time, you use your computing
skills, both natural and spiritual, to track down web pornographers of the worst sort
and other sex offenders. During "work hours," you don't get much fighting done, but
your insight into using the Weaver and Wyrm's methods against them is invaluable.

Roleplaying Note:
things to learn. Act bra

ou're elite through and through, although you've still got
and unafraid to speak your mind, whether online or

in person. Indulge yourself in a little techno-mysticism terms like
"h the pseudo-
sorcery aspect of your work. It rattles your elders, but it also seems to
reassure them that you're still thinking like a witch, not like a drone.

us

nd "sending" and "virtual pentagram" to emph:

Equipment: Backpack, fetish computer, items of chiminage for
techno-spirits, Rolodex full of passcodes, portable phone

4

Norern-Day Apropet

Quote: Too lave for prayers now, sonny-boy
Prelud

case, it came far, far too late.

+ Sometimes the First Change just isn't fair. In your

You grew up in a dead-end town, with limited options.
Your folks wouldn't let you go to college because they didn't
figure you needed that kind of education. You got married right
out of high school; it wasn't the kind of romance that set the
world on fire, but you honestly couldn't see yourself doing much
better. Particularly in this kind of town, where every third man
was either a wife-beater, an adulteret or borderline suicidal; and
folks turned a blind eye, because "everyone's feeling the pain
since the work left." Your only release was the weekly trip to the
library. You read about anthropology, sociology, folklore; it
wasn't anything you could talk about with your sewing circle —
but it was something that was yours.

You were in your fifties when everything truly went to hell
Your youngest was coming to visit, bringing his wife and
newborn, when a drunk driver killed all
three. You knew the drunk in question
—he was the town judge's brother.
When he got off with a token wrist
slapping, something inside you
snapped. You must have underwent
your First Change somewhere be-
tween your house and his, but you
can't remember much of anything
that happened that night. The
following night, they found you

You took to Garou life with

a passion. It was everything
you'd read about and more;
when the Furies offered to
you in, you leaptat the
chance. Your husband had
stopped loving you y
ago, and your children
had their own families
to care for — now, at

rs

last, you finally got to

be the woman in
charge of herself. [still
tears you up
to think

Black Furies

Beck Fim

Breed: Homid Pack Name

‘Auspice: Philodox Pack Totem:

Kuki: Concept: Modern-Day
A At rhb uifet mmm nant Loe

Been (20000 Inn
0000 |
——so000

e000
AA Aap tages wammmmnmmamnt rt

Allies jmeo0o Perauasion'™ eed

Kinfoli ‘20000 Truth af Gaia

Resources e000 Watchful Eyes =

Rites (20000 Si ol

slory
cooovevoce S8F0900000
googg99g00 99999099090
9000000
99390000
Wisdom

@e00000000
gu99999g00

0000000000 Difprnar ——ate
9999999999 eseecceeeocn

— ef 9000000000

of all the years you've wasted — and all the people you could
have put a stop to.

Itwas so stupid, though, hearing of young men and women
throwing away their futures, spending so much time and effort
punishing the humans they can catch. You felt they shouldn't
take risks like that; better that they spend their vigor on the
problems that really need facing. Besides, it's best not to le
the matter of executing wayward criminals to cubs that are too
inexperienced. What's needed is a Crone's hand, one that can
hold the scissors steady no matter how much the target whines,
screams or pleads

Snip-snip.

Concept: You definitely have a vigilante mentality, but
lacking the wild fervor of a Bacchante or the battle lust of an
Amazon of Diana. Instead, you're a cool-hearted woman with
the hearth wisdom of the town witch and a heaping helping of
insight into the flaws of the human heart. The incest, the abuse,
the hatred that lay under the surface of a sleepy little town like
your own — you know it'sall too typical of every place you visit:
Somebody should do something. Thankfully, someone will

Roleplaying Notes: Your belated First Change has left you
with a mild neurosis about your age, leading you to consider
yourself more expendable than the Garou that are young enough
tobe your children (or in some cases, grandchildren!). Put on a
brave, laconic exterior to hide your worries; better that the
others remember you well. Act almost motherly toward the
younger Garou that you deal with; they're the future of the
world, and you'd do anything to protect them.

Equipment: Labrys, set of "working clothes," stack of local
newspapers, bolt-cutters, innocuoussedan, FBI operations manual


SS penensrensameeimre remand =

Ones Brice fis

Quote: Hear the words of Gaia's dreams, proud child of Stag!

Do not set foot om the battlefield without girding thy loins with the Sf Sete: peunee 5 Fetes {
armor of wisdom, or else you throw away your life! But wield the Chronicle Kalo Oracle
weapon anointed for thee, and thy foes will fall as wheat! A great Noh fat mmm 7
doom lies over thy meeting with the Black Children, and Death waits 1 caters anes
at thy heels with bared white teeth! Ai! The vision passes... Ican see ——Se0c0 | Aenea
no more. - OZ
Prelude: You found it ironic that you were raised directly Aieien "*_o0000 Anime 00000
by a tribe so devoted to the ideals of motherhood — and you te 80000 Dn —
never got to know your mother. The rest of the sept raised you te owen Fer
as a distant stepchild; when you asked where your mother was, ‘mint peeco | Ncn

they never said. Gradually you pieced out that she'd been oo mee ies
ostracized for the sin of bearing you, and that she'd died on a
quest for atonement. Since the rest of the sept couldn't agree

whether she'd died without absolution, or whether her death Esti Seose en
had absolved her, they simply didn't talk about ie Rites eee Sens

Nonetheless aunts treated you better than most
metis could hope for; in particular, the sept's Mistress of the Rite
took some amount of pity on you and began training you in the

rites of the Furies. You fetched her materials, helped with rites, So09000090
and interpreted her ravings when she underwent the rite of Hever

0000000000
Python's Trail. You hoped to be named as her successor,

» your foster

99999000000
Wisdom goo

2000000000
a99900G000

though reality set in soon enough, and one of the sept's up-and-
coming Theurges — a non-metis — gained that honor.

tt ink ae

You were devastated when your mentor died during a Black
Spiral caern raid. To make matters worse, her successor had
never liked you, and cut you off from your ritual training. Rather
than suffer her jibes, you asked to be permitted to take your skills to another sept, to
carry on your mentor's duty as oracle for another group of Garou.

Ofcourse, you'd never learned Python's Trail. But you were damned if you'd let
that stop you. You could pick up the rite later; what was important was that you
find a way to be useful. Guiding stubborn Garou with "prophecy" seems
to work just fine.

Concept: As oracles go, you're basically a fraud. As
Galliards go, you're damn good at what you do. You
don't need a singing voice to inspire your allies —
just a little bit of misdirection. When people
come to you looking for omens, you tell them
sarily what they want to hear, but
y need to hear — you inspire them to
do their utmost by making up little fibs about
what is "written in the bones of the Earth." It
may not be the most honorable way to get the

job done, but if it serves the greater purpose,
who cares?

Roleplaying Notes: When you're not actively
called on to soothsay, play the role of the quiet,
withdrawn metis who defers to her more outgoing peers.
When intoning your "prophecies," use more formal lan-
guage and modulate your voice toa deeper pitch, improving
the illusion that something else is speaking through you
Couch your statements in suitably vague terms and leave ample
room for misinterpretation; save the "definite" prophecies for when
you know your target so well that there's no other way he could act.

Equipment: Bowl of incense, thrice-blessed shroud, ash wand,
ritual dagget

Chapter Four: rs

ssaup Aup
ung passaud Ajpeau
‘Qiqiq  ueonewy
MAN Wom-[[an "ORT
-nuse pu saxpi0}> azeds
yim Seq WAS "YTT6IW
3107) ‘Burypoy>ajqeanp ‘ues
-oy nuswdinby

apud jo suno>

-se Uo YBnoUS pazayns
qpoq gary aqua uMo
snod pur OREN, noIwD
ayy — Aayruny jo
sane ut Apeynon
-aed ‘2jdurexa Aq
pea] nod yeup ue
-sodusy $3 "W819

2014 pur — [Jaa
se eg ostead
0) 29840) 49AIN
inq ‘por asterg
Asoia1a A499 and
uy pury e savy ered pue
poo ay ssans ‘spaap anok
JO} Upa4D Jos aye 3,UOKq "Pjay.
-ajneg atp wos deme Udy paap
pue piom Jo o1es9pow ag ‘sou
"Ny asow Suowe au sendod
© 20U §,21 {Jem dused snNod rUDs

-aadaa nod aeyp nod or auEodun
Ada say sSMON] BuLAepdajoy

72001 ¥ JO} B00 ¥ pu a9 UE 10} 249
ue Inoge Aves Jo ayp aaarfaq AjuMY Nod ‘a8ue 3nd uF wUUISE |,
PIO tp JO saypnor aj & URYP AOU s,azaIp GaAIMOP{ ‘02 DALY
1,UOp S19YO EYP Os IPAeq OP NOA Mom sy] OP P|Nod Nod rey
08 au nog Ava ayp Nod apew BLED PUR POS IEP sJasmod Buyyjar Aq
Wey 9]}2U0221 NOK ang apo snorStya4 jena" UE UIOL 02 NOK 30 NOK
uTyAA SuONs 002 st aFey ay J "dure sod uy sauN Jay ayy] YoNUE
‘sSunpear uerem pur ASojoayp uewiny jo puag e on2eId NOX
SUOLEOYIPOW 2WOS YK Jaqye ‘Suey sity JY souIs UTE 19y
uo play sey oym aOYReD mnoAap AyYsIY B 24,NOX adaDU0D,

2u0ur dae 2,UpfNoD NO A "ype; yA sHOLEM
2UOU 219% ISOLU PapaaU PHOM yp JeYA ‘POM axp Jo [Nos ax 30}
ayaveq & un ey NO pjor day J -aANIU LOOUL-|]ny ANOA jo suONeDYTUNEL
24 purassapun nod padjay Aaup tana un pur ‘syar]9q sno' poorsiapun
Ady] OA pandas saTPOYy [PIIy ING Jo 39 Ip 2v0}>q |e Ie
Suo] 2,usea 31 pur ‘aiesseg Jo aay Nod yBNoMp MOA poureasns yr,
AMO J ,">N]®,, SEA IPT INOA ENP JO ‘nok payene ay EYP INE NOK seAA II

Sura91f9q 02 paquinoons 9A 9u NOK Ing — 11 Joy QUOTE 2 oUEUAM Jo
[9p Jeaud v aUOp a4,nod pue ‘puatyAog INOA SuTTTPY JO} AOS 23,NO
auat|Isad a] qeapeias yt dn agoq Nod "ySnoxp ‘ea yBnomy |
WY] 03 pip NOA IeYM Jo adUapIAa a~p Aonsap o1 ay
alam nog "aarsensiad azour 193 01 papioap nod apisur Surpawos

aqun ano' rep pjor 291ey

"Sunpom 1,usem asnf ,ou,, prom ayp Eup paztqeay Nos uayM pue
— Sip 1ueM K7yai NOA MOLY NO', pue ,3uo] Oo BuNTEA,, Inoqe
yo Su1o8 pauras a} "Ajaznue 258} JOUR Moys o2 payers 24
‘Sae> ayp paged ay 9ou0 ang "Suruaas atp jo asouL 10} UEWIa|UDS

imam imran Af sem

ee

eeococoone
ooeeeece

ae
eopccoooo

0600000008

00008
00008

WA ISU
WIRE BUH
TIFT TASH

ahopenypy sop

my, 00008
ustyen| 00008"
‘wong 00008

sxienosiy  O@@ee"
cose

_vonaeuey

PS yar,

Jeax e uaaq pey puatyAog sng "woud sorunf ayy Woy aWoY AEM

up UO ‘JooUDs YBrY Ur IqnoN pas Jo a2sea IsIYy MOA 108 NOX
Ayrurey

snouas 002 08 s9A9U SBuryp **"]1]2/4\ 'SNOIIS 002 108 J;

anoA (pm
usurp
1ng — Jas yonu oo NOA Sura! a19m sxayIOIG INOA Jf , $9U2}O}OH]
pur wpipn{,, padeyd nod saumawos pue yoay> Joyo ayp pana
nod sauaWOs IUBIW WYP "9sINOD JO "9194p peas Nod sajdiouud
ayp 01 Surp10398 ap1] 3NOA Surat] weBaq Nod ‘ao1ape s,soypoupuess
anod Surmoyjoy ‘puyy "24!e (2uRaSUAA 40) 9aRIsn{ JUA!DUE Jo
s9]ea [eanag pu uorsseduioo jo sap>eITU Jo sauI0Ns UM paryy sear
a1qid aya Aem ayp Aq payperprua ‘Jooyps Aepung ut prey parpmas
nog ‘auodue UEYp aow Aem JUD Jay NOA Inq "aYIoUIpuRAs INOs
ssoudun 01 paruea [je no, "Suoje aure> Aepung uaym paaeyq
pue Ajao1u passaup ‘dn pauyy ye nod ang ‘yam aya Surunp suot]]>y
Jea1 aq pjnoo sSurjqis nok pue nog "paysom a1 ‘AyquyTUAY
"poo Ut Ypres 19y 02 partparD sheae ays yasuans
e "ypSuans i9uUT ue YIM asind o1 patuaas ayg ‘owes ay op
01 Suryiom Asng 003 229m stuazed nod uaya astead pur aurjdiosip
Surpraoad ‘pjoyssnoy ap ur mez ay aday ays ‘Yasemop uaanb
2uIOs 24] "J9POwpULIT 4nO4 405 2,UseEM 21 jt OUT UNOS ALY
yStw NO Jo 20] ap a]qnON Jo 1305 YeYm smMOUY AUC POS "sIUDUE
-auene Surdaa]s 389q 9yp pur savan Aue yo yord aya ‘uonuane
SFOJ NOK 204 SutAd [pe ‘ssarsts pue ss9yiosq 1yB31!9 — soy penastA
v Suoure dn mai3 nog "yates s,Aprurey INOA JO} 2,uswAL I JT ‘SEA IT
ey as10m 10] & U99q AABY P]NOD pooupyty> nox :apnjasg

uawyy *setpoq idruio9 ay
oss 224 psnos ayp uo ous aavpy "Ids asnue | pooyg ays sof aw amBuof
pun ‘aping Kur us "umpoyy pawns ‘au ssajg "nok auofag sjaawy oyn
sousom snp fo .2knsd ays avapy "2708 fo yn ‘Kay J} :910N7}

~ypyyy fopouyy ng fo ingyys

— per
nononoreen
6009000000

° SOPs
ecocccccee HODONHEOCS

— yp —— aewol4

eneocoonnn Soecoccoco

Toudwow eS 9000000088
Ase

ae pose pri.
Arm YN
2uioW (yD saviow njnzow
sno 49 29p}05 13d2200-) une 40 J9PIO OTAMY 400845
=r Pd unouyy sde0y keg
oweN Ped Pruor spond awe


Fleroboet
Leukjepat

Though the First Daughters occupy the greatest
place in the hearts of their descendants, one of the
most esteemed of ancient Fury heroes wasn't a Greek
at all. She was the Scythian warrior Leukippes, an
Amazon of the steppes who earned her glory through
her battle prowess and guile alike.

The Scythians had no qualms about teaching their
women to fight, and Leukippes proved an apt pupil.
Like all her people, men and women alike, she learned
the use of the bow, and was a superb archer by the time
of her First Change. She was said to be able to keep
pace with a horseman while running on two legs, and
could outfight any other werewolf that ran with the
Scythians. It was no surprise that she rose toa position
of leadership, commanding a pack of fierce Fury war-
riors — in all ways the very picture of what the Greeks
thought of when they thought of Amazons.

The deeds of Leukippes are many. She is said to
have joined with her people and the Medes when the
two nations conquered Nineveh and overthrew the
Assyrian Empire; tales say that her pack slew many
Assyrian soldiers to get to the officers that enraged
them. She allegedly ventured into Egypt, there to war
against the vampires and corrupt Fera she found there.
But she is most renowned for confronting and slaying
the Apollonian priest Kamisos, one of the first power-
ful agents of the Wyrm.

The tales do not agree on Kamisos' exact nature;
some say he was a powerful sorcerer, others that he was
Kinfolk. Most retellings credit him with the ability to
slay with a gaze, anda few stories say that he had greater
powers. His actual allegiance to Apollo is certainly in
question, and the Furies say it was all asham. But by all
accounts, Kamisos was a man of unearthly beauty —
and the priest was leading a crusade against the wolf-
folk of Greece. He had joined forces with the Dionysian
priesthood, and together they attracted many follow-
ers. He taught the hunters among his throng to bear
silver, and to slay any wolf they found. Augmented by
the priest's supernatural powers, they killed a number
of Furies before Leukippes and her warriors arrived.

Rather than attack directly, Leukippes wisely
counseled her pack to disguise themselves as local
converts, and they covertly joined one of the priest's
revels. Their clever approach brought them close to
Kamisos without alerting his guards, and Leukippes
herself drew within arm's reach of the demented
cultist by entrancing him with dance. Thus she and
her pack were able to slay Kamisos, rout his followers

Ce eee

Chapter Four: Sisters, Mothers and Grandmothers

and put the fear of the Furies back into his flock with
only a single casualty.

To this day, Leukippes is revered as one of the first
Furies who fought against the Wyrm's forces hidden in
the guise of smothering patriarchal religion. Her tale is
recounted as a warning for young cubs to see that
religion as a tool against Woman has more to do with
the people involved than the religions themselves.
She is also one of the few object lessons acknowledged
by the Amazons of Diana; even they must admit that
subtlety is sometimes for the best when confronted
with the tale of Leukippes.

Cobbetta Phidden Road

The present-day rivalry between the Sisterhood
and the Order of Our Merciful Mother is somewhat
ironic, considering that each group considers
Guilietta Hidden Road one of their greatest heroes.
During the days of the Inquisition, this cunning
Ragabash did as much as, or more than, any of her
tribemates to smuggle Fury Kin — and the Kin of
other tribes — to safety.

Much of Guilietta's childhood remains unknown.
She was apparently born into a wealthy Italian hous
hold, one with ancient ties to the Fury bloodlines.

—

Several tales of her exploits make a point of mention-
ing that other Garou were struck by Guilietta's "incon-
testable purity" — which, in a Fury context, likely
refers to her breeding rather than virginity or piety.
According to most accounts, her First Change came
while she was making a pilgrimage, and Guilietta was
so horrified by the carnage she'd wrought that she
retreated into a convent. From there, the narrative
loses track of her activities, although she was appar-
ently in contact with other Furies during this time.
When the Inquisition began to spread beyond Spain,
Guilietta reemerged, and by this point she was appar-
ently in full control of the many gifts of her heritage —
and more besides.

Guilietta had apparently risen to the rank of
Mother Superior, or at least to a similar level (many
Furies refuse to recount her rank in the Christian
church atall). Although this meant little in terms of
actual authority, it nonetheless gained her a few
audiences with ranking church officials, where she
apparently used her great persuasive tactics (which
is to say, a number of Gifts) to misdirect the occa-
sional witch-hunt.

However, Guilietta did most of her actual work in
person. She charmed jailers to sleep and whisked z
prisoners; she saw to the disappearance of several

witch-finders who were "taken by bandits"; she quelled
rumors of witchcraft in entire villages, confusing the
She was particularly
quick to act in areas known to have a high Kin
population, and many a Fianna, Silver Fangand Warder
pledged himself in her debt when she smuggled their
relatives to safety.

Inquisitors who later arrived.

entually, Guilietta saw that merely denying the

Inquisition of victims wasn't enough. Zealous church-

men refused to let the witches elude them — or, more
importantly, refused to let their colleagues believe that
the witches were eluding them. As the charges of
witchcraft became more and more flimsy, simply to fill
quotas, Guilietta decided to take action of a different
sort. If the Inquisition needed victims, she reasoned,
then why not give them victims of a proper sort? With
that, she began directing the witch-hunts more care-
fully, drawing them to the haunts of vampires and
caern-raiding sorcerers rather than villages of Kin. She
quietly taught the Inquisitors of her acquaintance to
use fire against vampires, and how to find them in their
sleep. The rest was history.

Guilietta's actions made her a pivotal figure in
the formation of the Sisterhood, although she never
devoted her attention solely to that camp; her mem-
bership in the Order of Our Merciful Mother meant
too much to her. Some tales say she died chaste,
choosing to save the children of others rather than
bearand protect her own. But to this day, it's said that
the Garou never suffered so much from the Inquisi-
tion as did the Leeches or the warlocks — and
Guilietta Hidden Road is one of those that the
werewolves have to thank for that.

Qeetra Sb dmarden

Electra Stavrakis grew up in an interesting time for
women. She was a teenager during the '60s, although
her South Carolina home wasn't quite as receptive to
some of the ideas that came floating around like "free
love" and recreational drug use. She was in her 20s
when ERA became an issue, and her belated First
Shange came during a notably violent demonstration
for women's rights. Naturally, once she was brought
into the Black Furies, she felt at home for the first time
in her life.

Although Electra wound up involved in more
pressing affairs than political activism, she remained
very conscious of the way in which a cause could grow
and spread — or gutter and die out — all thanks to
whether or not it had powerful speakers to champion
its ideals. This observation colored her growth as a
Galliard, making her all the more interested in serving

a

her auspice role by spreading the word about important
causes from sept to sept and among humans as well
She met with several successes in her home terri-
tory, but had yet to be truly satisfied that she'd done all
she could do. Then she began hearing the tales of the
war forthe Amazon. The desperate battle for one of the
last Wyld places, the need to stress the importance of
this war to the other Garou — it was the cause she'd
been seeking. She began researching as much as she
could about the mundane factors involved in the
deforestation of the Amazon Basin, and when she was
certain she had enough information, she headed for
the rainforest. Her intention was nothing less than
making sure all the Garou involved in the struggle
and
learning every victory, every lesson the war had to

down there knew everything they needed to

offer, so that nothing would go forgotten.
To dat

mission. She has taken command of a pack of scouts

in her

Electra has had limited succes

and watchers who gather information for her, and
that are free to operate as they please (so long as they
don't interfere with the combat troops). She has
managed to open cordial relations with many of the
natives on both sides of the operation, and she has
already relayed the tales of many fallen heroes back
to the rest of the world. However, there remains so

Se ——EeE

ANN eee

much to be done, and so much opposition, that she
despairs of the Garou's ability to win the war — or
even pull off a draw.

Most recently, Electra has established secret and
very limited contact with the Balam of the Amazon
Basin. These werecats noted her ability to gain the
trust of their Kin, and decided that she would be as
good a contact among the werewolves as they could
find. The proud werejaguars have treated her with very
little respect, but have agreed to assist her if she in
exchange sways Golgol to abdicate leadership in favor
of someone more agreeable to the werecats — one way
or another. Electra is now at the crossroads of a very
difficult choice — either she forfeits a potential ally in
the form of the Balam, or she tries to undermine the
leadership of the werewolf who is possibly the only one
strong enough to coordinate the Garou war effort in
the Amazon. And she doesn't have long to decide...

Image: Electra is in her 50s, but looks to be in her
early 40s at most. She stands nearly six feet tall, and her
close-cropped black hair has only a few touches of
silver. She is in excellent fighting condition, and her
Crinos form is an impressive deep black, signifying her
Pure Breed. She dresses according to the occasion
khakis for a trip through the rainforest, fatigues for
battle, ceremonial shift for moot affairs.

Roleplaying Notes:
choice before you; y

You're of two minds about the
you dislike Golgol and would
probably prefer even the company of a werecat to the
elder Get, but you must admit that his leadership
abilities have so far been the only thing holding the

fractious tribes together down here. The decision is
eating at you, for you know you must choose soon.
Living up to this bargain would interfere with the task
of recording the war effort, your stated purpose for
being here at all — but so would fending off the cats,
if your refusal offends them. You wish you knew what
to do; it seems you might just have to guess.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Rank: 4 (Athro)

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Expression 4, Intimidation 2, Primal-Urge 2,
Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 3,
Leadership 3, Melee 3, Performance 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 2

Chapter Four: Sisters, Mothers and Grandmothers 97

manny

7 a en


Ser meee ere core a rece arr rN rem carr rem erevi

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 2, Law 1, Lin-
guistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 3, Politics 4, Rituals 3,
Science 2
Backgrounds: Allies
Breed 4

Rage: 5; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 6

Gifts: (1) Beast Speech, Call of the Wyld, Heightened
Senses, Inspiration, Mindspeak, Persuasion, Sense
Wyrm; (2) Call of the Wyrm, Curse of Aeolus,
Dreamspeak, Sense of the Prey, Staredown; (3) Dis-
quiet, Eye of the Cobra, Flames of Hestia, Song of
Rage; (4) Bridge Walker, Shadows by the Firelight
Rite:
and renown. She also knows the Moot Rite, Rite of the
Opened Caern, Gathering for the Departed, Rite of
the Questing Stone, Rite of Summoning, Rite of
Talisman Dedication, Rite of Ostracism, Stone of
Scorn, Voice of the Jackal, The Hunt, Satire Rite and
Soothe the Scars.

Nard Cabrah

Although surprisingly young for her lofty rank,
Mari Cabrah is one of the most dynamic up-and-
comers in the Black Furies. In her thirty years, she has
traveled across four continents, torn apart Black Spiral
Dancers, communed with the avatar of her totem,
quested through almost every Umbral Realm, and
helped in the retrieval of one of the greatest Silver
Fang artifacts known to the Garou Nation.

Mari was born and raised in New York, where she
had a less than happy childhood. The events leading
up to her First Change were decidedly traumatic, or at
least so her packmates assume — Mari doesn't talk
about her life before becoming a Black Fury, ever. She
started out as something of a vigilante, with a particu-
exual predators. Eventually, her
tribal elders tried to cool her off by assigning her toa
pack, the Guardian Rage. However, the pack eventu-
ally fell apart, leaving Mari further embittered and
returning to hersolo operations. Itwas during this time
that she met and challenged the exiled Silver Fang
Jonas Albrecht, then a "lone wolf" like herself, and
lost. She still carries the scars from that encounter,
although she says that her grudge has ended.

As fate would have it, though, she hadn't seen the
last of Albrecht. The two wound up working together
— very much against their will — to protect a young
Lost Cub who was apparently of great significance.
The omens were correct. The youngster, Evan Heals-
the-Past, wound up making a tenuous peace between
the two, and joining them to work as a pack.

Although the three never chose an official pack
name — Albrecht and Mari found the idea too stuffy

Contacts 2, Kinfolk 1, Pure

lectra knows all minor rites and rites of accord

lar vengeance against s

Black F

for them — they have nonetheless achieved much
together, including the recovery of the lost Silver
Crown and Albrecht's elevation to the throne. Mari
took exceptional pleasure in their war on the Sev-
enth Generation, and perhaps killed more of the
Defiler-cultists than any other Garou that followed
their crusad

These days, Mari continues to assist her packmates
when the need arises, although she prefers to refrain
from being "joined at the hip" with them. She has
found herself in something of a rivalry with Kula
Wiseblood, another East Coast Fury vigilante who is
her equal in rank and prowess. Kula accuses Mari of
being "too soft," thanks to her associations with Evan
Heals-the-Past, a noted moderate. Mari suspects the
rivalry has its roots in tribe politics rather than vigi-
lante philosophy, but doesn't consider it a problem
worth pursuing — yet.

Although her deeds
prestige to lead a sept of her own, Mari prefers to
remain out of the leadership role. She still defers to
Alani Astarte, leader of the New York Furies, in tribal
matters — that is, when she involves herself in tribal
affairs. Most of her time not spent with her pack is
devoted to her human charges and her territory back in

ve easily earned her the


New York City, an indulgence that her tribe-sisters are
willing to allow her. After all, she's earned the right.

However, being associated with her packmate
Jonas Albrecht's meteoric rise from exile to king-
ship has led many to underestimate Mari, presuming
her the "Fury sidekick" or worse in their relation-
ship. This hasn't helped her relations with emissar-
ies from other septs, at least those that wind up with
minor injuries after being too patronizing to "King
Albrecht's right-hand attack bitch." But if there's a
silver lining, it's that Black Spiral Dancers and
other enemies of the Nation sometimes do th
—and they find that Mari isn't at all the "weak link"
holding Albrecht back. If you asked her, she'd tell
you it was the other way around,

Image: Mari is of mixed Hispanic and Italian
scent, which shows through in her dark hair and
eyes. Although she's attractive, it's not at all ina "soft"
or "pretty" way; her body is corded muscle without a
trace of extraneous body fat, her scars are evident
whenever she wears short sleeves, and her face almost
never softens into a smile. She wears clothes that she
can fight in, usually a tank top and military fatigue
pants. Her Crinos and Hispo forms are black with large
white markings on her face and midsection (she be-
comes mostly black in Lupus), and when wearing thes
forms she quivers with Rage.

Roleplaying Notes: You've suffered in the past
because people stronger than you abused that strength.
No more. You constantly test your physical limits,
remaining in the best possible shape you can be. You
refuse to show other people any sign of weakness; even
your own packmates get the cold shoulder now and
again. The only exception is a small child; you can be

me

q

awfully protective of children, in a big sister sort of

way. Nonetheless, you've got no time to nurture; the
end is practically in sight, and you're damned if you go
down any other way than with your teeth in the
Wyrm's throat.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Rank: 5 (Elder)

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/7)

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 3 (2/0/3/3)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 3,
Subterfuge 1

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 2, Drive 3, Etiquette 1,
Firearms 3, Leadership 1, Melee 3, Stealth 4, Surviva

NN ee

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 4, Investigation 2,
Law 2, Linguistics 2, Medicine 3, Occult 4, Politics 2,
Rituals 5, Science 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Pure Breed 2, Resources 2
Rage: 7; Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 9

Gifts: (1) Heightened Senses, Mother's Touch, Per-
suasion, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm, Smell of Man,
Spirit Speech, Watchful Eyes; (2) Command Spirit,
Curse of Aeolus, Jam Technology, Kali's Tongue,
Name the Spirit, Sense of the Prey, Sight from Beyond,
Spirit of the Fray, Staredown; (3) Coup de Grace,
Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible, Visceral Agony; (4)
Body Wrack, Grasp the Beyond, Spirit Ward, Wasp
Talons; (5) Feral Lobotomy, Wyld Warp

Rites: Mari is a Rank Five Theurge. If she doesn't
already know a given rite, she knows where she can
find someone to teach it to her should the need for
it arise (excepting the tribe-specific rites of non-
Furies, of course).

The Nartlayer

Not all "heroes of the tribe" make their sisters
proud. Some of them are killers so bloody and terrible
that they inspire as much loathing as admiration from
their tribe, One such infamous person is the murderous
"vigilante" who has come to be knownas the Manslayer.
To the Bacchantes, this enigmatic figure is an extrem-
ist — to most of the rest of the tribe, she's no longer a
warrior, but somewhere between mass murderer and
serial killer.

The "Manslayer" sobriquet was actually coined by
a pack of Glass Walkers. The pack was dedicated to
monitoring the media for signs of Garou violence that
might need to be covered up. In the course of serving
their pack function, they uncovered a string of hid-
eously bloody murders that the FBI was tentatively
linking together. The Glass Walkers did some digging,
and were astonished to find that the FBI had only part
of the story — some hundred and fifty men had been
murdered in a variety of ways, with the number still
growing. Worse, many of the victims had apparently
no link to Wyrmish activities at all — those guilty of
little more than attending a strip club were torn apart
as readily as the truly guilty. The Walker pack's most
potent Theurge couldn't determine anything more
about the culprit's identity than "she is a child of
Pegasus" — news that the pack didn't want to hear.

For the Furies' part, the majority of the tribe is
heavily embarrassed by the Manslayer's activities,
particularly as the Glass Walkers' spiritual research
produced the decree "is a child of Pegasus" — not
"was." Those Furies who have tried to gain further
information from Pegasus have met with stony si-

Chapter Four: Sisters, Mothers and Grandmothers 99

RN ee


%

lence. Regrettably, many are taking this silence as
evidence that Pegasus sanctions the Manslayer's ac-
tivities — a position that does nothing to improve
the Furies' relations with other tribes who have heard
of the Manslayer's hunts.

Currently, the tribe is involved ina low-key inves-
tigation (the Furies are, for obvious reasons, opposed to
witch-hunts) to determine the actual identity of the

Manslayer. The most popular rumor going around is
that she was Alecto Bloody-Handed, one of the fore-
most Bacchantes before her disappearance on a cru
sade against a Black Spiral Hive. If Alecto was cap
tured by the Dancers, as her kuklos fears, the torments
and violations she would surely have suffered might
well have pushed her over the edge, even after her
escape. Other theories abound as well; she might have
been apotent warrior who faked her own death, or who
was abandoned for dead on the battlefield, or simply a
Fury on the brink who fell prey to an overpowering
bloodlust rather than Harano. Many Furies argue that
she must be caught, and rendered unto Erebus or

otherwise healed; others feel she should be executed
for abusing the Furies' sacred mission, a gesture that
might also appease the other tribes. It's an argument
that causes no small amount of bitterness between the
two sides.

Of course, the Manslayer hasn't been caught
s yet — and those involved in tracking her down
are no clos

r to catching her than before. If she is

indeed deranged, it's not an illness that clouds
her ability to cover her tracks. The more moder-
ate Furies fear that she has allies throughout the
tribe, and perhaps through other tribes as well; the
worst urban legends about cannibalistic Bone Gnaw
ers, unhinged Children of Gaia and blasphemous
Silent Striders imply that the most vicious Garou
might find sympathizers. Indeed, there might not be
only one "Manslayer"; it's very possible that the
sobriquet was adopted by a pack or even an extended
network of extremist Furies, who disguise their work
as that of a single renegade to avoid retribution. If
that's the case, then the chances of stopping the
Manslayer's brutal killing spree are slim indeed.

Black Furies


ae Lee SEW
Back Frmes'

Name: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Kuklos: Concept:

Phiytheaf Jochaf Nenfaf
Strength, @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity @0000 = Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina @0000_ = Appearance @0000 «(Wits 0000

Talerht Skie Knonfedget
Alertness. 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer 00000
Athletics 00000 — Crafts, 00000 _ Enigmas. 00000
Brawl 00000 | Drive 00000 _ Investigation, 00000
Dodge. 00000 _ Etiquette. 00000 _ Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 | Firearms 00000 Linguistics 00000
Expression, 00000 Leadership 00000 _ Medicine 00000
Intimidation 00000 Melee. 00000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise. 00000 _ Stealth 00000 _ Rituals. 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 © Survival 00000 _ Science 00000

Backgroundt life life
00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
————. Renown a Rage A I haf $l memento
i, ‘

Glory 6-0-0 0-6 070 6 0 Bruised QO
o000000000 pal ag . Hurt 1 e
QoO0Q0000000 899090000000 Injured 1 Q

Honor elon ha i : a
0000000000 ae

ere Ps 0o000000000 Crippled 5 QO
Oooo0go00000 8eeoee' . Fen tiaced g

Wisdom Q oO QO QO Q | QO QO QO Q ncapacitated
9000000000 A ifponer THlaf Weaknetp—<
QOOO0000909 ggg 0000000 -1 DIFFICULTY TO

2 PRY fi mmo FRENZY WHEN

re

ODOO0O0000000

PROVOKED BY MEN

NG

iN

» Bes Faas

— Hom —<~ — Gabro—~ — Phipeo fyput
Strength (+2) a a Strength(+3)___—s Strength (+1)

No Staminali(+2) Dexterity (+1) Dexterity (+2). Dexterity (+2). 4
Change Appearance (-1 ) Stamina (+3). Stamiiia (#3), Stamina (+2)
Manipulation (72). Appearance 0 Manipulation (-3). Manipulation(-3)s
Manipulation(-3)__~ + DietoBiteDamage -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6
INCIT BDELIRIUM:
HUMANS
momen ioe raring -aunnjpnnncntanmerrioaet Tahlahe? sail
OOOOO, Item: — Level____ Gnosis___
O0000 Power: __ =
00000 Item:, =n Level Gnosis___
OO0O00O0 Power:
00000 Irem:__ = ___ Level Gnosis__
00000 Power: = _
OO0O00O0 Item: a ___ Level. _ Gnosis___
00000 Power:__ —
00000 Rha
00000
00000 \ |

00000
O0000 Y
O0000 |
O0000
O0000
O0000
O0000

a DAA

Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty| Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Bruning Dart

Mancuver Roll Diff. Damage

Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Strenge

Body Tackle Dex+Beawl 7 Spe

Claw Dex+Brawl 6 Strength+I/A

DextBeawl 6
Dex+ Brawl 7
Punch Dex Brawl 6
res

B=Bashing Damage

ravated Damage

Avior:

serena erencenenlima

A ——

LACK | UGJES"

Nature: Demeanor:

N
Nrtt Tipe Cat Fw pa ut
Abat Ntenfor
Anpewpors Pure Breed
|

Confadtt Ruowrcst

Kufolk Tope

more LON! vemmemnamvmtifeoa
Gear (Carried): = TOTAL:____
= GainedFroms_

A. Ceperletct vemmmmenamumntore!

Equipment (Owned): __

ALAA Sith armevnavemr nance ve!

Name:

Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:____
Level: Type: Spent On:
Totem:

Leader:

ES. ES PD NY

ee

=

|

> Bescx Fras"

nae"
Age:
Hair;
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality:

Sex:

Height | Weight
Homid: Age Rope:
Glabro: Poathle Sears:
Crinos:
Hispo:
Lupus: Neti Dy o Or toley:.

lack Chart Character Skopoh

me

aaa cease.

My Sister 5 Keeper 2

Since the dawn of civilization, the' Black Furies have been‘a tightly- knit
sisterhood, united by bonds'of blood, spirituality and conviction. They are *
the g guardians of the Wyld, the champions of women, the wrath "of Gai
They consistently produce some of the g greatest warriors and wisest mys
known to the Garou Nation. But as'the Final Days draw to a Close.the Furi
find themselves beset on all sides and, worse, fractured by strife from within.
Will this proud sisterhood be able to endure tes "challeriges facing them?

Ake * The. Kind! V.Ones ee

gal the: Tribebook. eries come: il circle and) into full Revised.

r Wice as much',

events, social ©
conventions, hidden traditions, Plane ef new Gifs: rites, fetishes and Other.

: tules, hints of things to come, and even more. Even if you think you kiiow

© the Black Furies, look twice; ther "re's much more to these wild werewolves

than most imagine.

HEAPOCALY PSE"

Cie 0h A Se Hee ee
% eS Sa ie

[33 > a

www white-wolf.com
1-56504-3
3851 4.95 U.S

im 6
