# File: Black Furies.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



THE IMAGES ON THE GCREEN
MAKE mE WANT TO RAGE.
BUT THIS 19 NOT THE TWAE OR
PLACE. LATER. PLL ALLOW
MYSELF THE LUXURY.

THE WOMAN ON THE SCREEN IS
SCREAMING. NOTHING NEW. BUT
THE OBSCENITY SHE GUFFERS IS
NOT SPECIAL EFFECT.

—_— oe

A GROTESQUE MAN Is
LAUGHING BEHIND AAG. IF
HE UAS EVER HAD A
VYOMAN, 1 PITY HER.

SSn1_ £ SSSS < HE ISSISSSSSSE

nee sae Sls N NOT TO PUKE.

—w,
HEY. BARE LICE THE SHuOw?
TLL BET YOU DO. DONT YOU?

Feel ceca OR

HIS BREATH COULD
OQURDPLE A CORPSE.

MY SMILE IS FOR REAL. 1
ALREADY KNOW WHAT PAA
GOING TO DO TO HIM.


HE VWASAPT WORTH
A SHAPESHIFT.

N

oe

aAY RAGE FEELS GOOD. uic
BLOOD TASTES BETTER,


‘ ne
5 .
THE MANAGER REEKS OF ; .
DRAKKAR NOIR. 1COLLAR HIM NO ONE NOTICES SCREAMG IN
OUTGEIDE TO ASK HIM SOME TMG PART OF TOWN,
. a «~ m Re —)
3 i o
4 "2 e .

GUES TIONS. am

\


MORONS FLOCK TO

TINGEL TOWN LIKE FLIES ON
ROAPDKILL. WANNA EE IN
PICTURES? WE MAKE ALL
KINDS DOWN HERE.

A SIGTER FIXES ME UP. GLASS
EYE AND EVERY THING.

FULT | | Pas
FEL | LLL Tf | A yA y? - "22
Gutta af \ "wy U LUKE. VOURE IN MOVIES?
Gy) (<n & . 2: ‘
{Th ;

Sy

/

| AGT LIKE EVERY STUPID APE
Wve EVER KNOWN.

——
_—
DEAD GIVE-AWAY. A WOLF
IND THE FOLD.

7 a Ff


KNOY (Pores A
PORNO SHOOT.

<a 0
a _

HOW MANY GIRLS? HOW
MANY CHILDREN? HOW MANY
ROOMS LIKE THIS?

THIS IS TOD EASY &
CHUbY TO ie IN,

a

1 TASTE THE BITTER RAGE,
BUT THIG IGAST THE PLACE...

el
THIS IG A BAD TOWN TO BE [ THIS 12 JUST A
UNEAAPLOYED IN. WAY-S TATION. TEMPORARY
RECRUITING QUARTERS.
a

IW ANT TO RIP
QUT THE HEART.

L MAKE IT LOOK GOOD. BUT
NOT TOO GOor.

1G@O LiMAe. IT BEATS
BEING DRUGGED.

THATE HEADACHES.


A& QUICK HOP ACROSs TOWN

IN THE BACK OF A VARL THE THEY HANDOUEF WS BEFORE
BLINDFOLPS. ROOA IG COLD AND eTinice WE OWAKE." IVE BROKEN
OF SEX GONE STALE ANID HANDCUFFS BEFOR'
STUPID.
<7
é tt ee aa
Y
Z ed Aer

— / ca er eS mm. N

ye a <e 2

wv
3
2

=e, en
% a " ~
1 SMELL AY UAGENT." OLD sty ent
BLOOD... AND NEW LEATHER. SEP aT
Vine Ni
.. + OH MY GOD
THE GHOST OF THE WOMAN I ba
BAW ON THE SCREEN LOVERS alias 4
NEARBY. SHE ig¢ NOT ALONE. u ¥
. — NOINO! GODINHEAVEN
TT z , te MESUECHRIET NOOM
2 as
! TASTE PY RAGE, _ -
SwEETER THAN fg < a -
BLOOD.
; wy x F RAGE!
LGET A PAST-LIFE FLASH! OF ; \ ) Va
THER TIMES. BURNING TIMES < n ee

OQ
DIFFERENT PLACE. SAME
DEMIOES. SIMILAR. ANY VWAN.

a Ae j isi

DOES IT EVER LANGE? DOES y ~ Zo
IT EVER STOP i 4 ws

RAGE! ch

Lok RAGE! 7 wo
} Zz

a am
my ae = ¢
— onto ~
= Sy ae = é
, =

x a
v Nesp 14


FILM BURNG WELL, VIDEOTAPE

LLOST A-GOOD PAIR OF DAMN THING IS. THERE WILL

BOOTS. GOOD JACKET. TOO. CRINKLES IN THE HO TO GET BE SOMEWHERE ELSE.
THEIR JOLLIES SOMEWHERE ELSE.

"4

= ‘ _
rd .
t - .
{ MRENS. TIME TO GO. oe
" 7 GAVE ME. Fa... sZa

a
FOr SIaTe
BET AN TI
BETTER THE Muck PEATH A
WITH NO ONE WATCHING. F}

w

HOW MANY, MOTHER? F:
HOW MANY MORE... ae
- = res

HARNI5.45


URIES

By Phil Brucato
with Judith A. WtcGlaughlin

WN

\\

Credits

Awther: Phil Brucaro

Additional quotes, ideas, and guidance: Judith A.
MeGiaughlin. . .

Greek term research: Ellen Brundige

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Heather Bryden

Cover/Splash Page and comic book: Tony Harris

Act Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Ron Spenser

Typesetting and Layout: Sam Chupp and Aileen E.
Miles

Logo and Back Cover Design: Michelle Prahler

E. SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA.

WHITE-WOLE
GAME STupie

© 1997 White Woif Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes
of reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire
the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
‘Ascension are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Aion, Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Black Furies
Tribebook, Bone Gnawers Tribebook, Children of Gaia
Tribebook and Litany of the Tribes are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted
by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to amy conipany or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at
http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Chanks

Chris "Briisecriiise' McDon6éugh for "slipping" on the
booze cruise.

Michelle "Mad Hatter" Prahler for hér Hat Party in that
tiny apartment.

Josh "Waterloo" Timbrook for the battle against the
water heater.

Rich "Howling Harlan" Thomas for sending off the book
forms too late: a

Stewe "Here comes da' judgé" Wieck for gettin' the ugly.

Ben "Bad hair week" Monk Jr. for his to-die-for hair
styles. :

Jim "Overtime" Townsend; promises, promises...

Sam "Paradox" Chupp for trying to hand his Mage game
off to Phil.

(Dedications

To Cathi, Jane, Jennifer, and Shadow

Author's Mote

Some of the subjects and sentiments expressed in
the book aré pretty strong. 1 make no apologies for this.
Anything less would be a disservice to the characters
and an insult to the audience. Though the world of the
Black Furies is fictional, the specter of violence against
women is not. Thousands of women are beaten, raped,
and killed each day worldwide, often by people they
love. If you have suffered such abuse, you are not alone.
If you have not, someone you know may have. Stand
up, speak out,.and offer your hand to those in need.
Silence and "propriety" help no one.

WW

y


Contents
Introduction: Che Lessons Begin |

- Chapter One: SeAEVvELOA ASEAOME .
_€gisters of the Wtoon)

The history of the. Black Furies

Chapter Cwo: Tpomoo KvKi0oo
(Che Way of the Circle)

The culture of the Black Furies

Chapter Chree: KarA DUG Toeto
(Gaia's Dale)

Thé Black Furies 6ver the world

— Appendix One: Powers

New Gifts, rites, fetishes and totems

Appendix Two: Black Fury Cemplates—

Five réady-to-play charactérs

Appendix Chree: Furies of Note

Famous Black Furies throughout the world

LL

SES . _ Contents

14

22

34

40

45

56

ii



Every woman ought to be filled with shame at the thought that
she is a wornan:
— Clement of Alexandria
Better to'die on one's feet than live ori one's knees!
 Dolotes Ibarruri

Asrrogarit pup!

Look at you, your soul still bleeding from your First
Change, the scars of your Passage Rite still fresh, decked
out in your leather and steel and ready to join the Furies,
the ass-kicking bitches of Gaia's vengeance!

Beware, little sister. That way lies the Wyrm.

Violence for its own sake is the province of the Red.

Talons and the Get, not our tribe, and they are closer to the
Wyrm. than they know. The Wyrm feeds on their unfet-
tered Rage, and he laughs.

Our Rage is pure, the slash and howl of the wounded.

mother, not the senseless carnage of the glory-seeker. We
Black Furies serve life above all, for sisters are the bearers
of the future. Hatred, simple Rage without focus, is the
gateway to the Wyrm. We kill to defend or avenge, but our

true path is to protect, to nurture, to teach: Even if the
Apocalypse is upon us, we must bring forth the seeds of the
future. Orherwise,..everything goes down in blood with
nothing the better for it.

I know the pain in you, the stinging slaps and Rage of
blasphemy, of women raped and. children beaten. The hand
of the Patriarch is heavy, and the Wyrm guides that hand

' ¢hrough fearful Scriptures. Our Mother knows your pain all

too well.
Sit down, little sister, and listen. You have much to learn;

‘and unlearn: Qur lore, our legends. Sit down, little sister,
\ and keep an open mind. Everything you thought you knew

is wrong. Everything you felt within you, unspoken, has
been right all along.

Introduction ; I3

wy

Ww



There was a tine when you were not a slave, remernber that.
You walked alone, full of laughter , you bathed bare-bellied. You
say you have lost allrecollection of it, remember... You say there
are no words to describe this time, you savy it does not exist. But
remember..Make an effort to remember. Or, failing that,

invent.

~-- Monique Witting, Les Guerilleres

The young Fury bristled from her elder's rebuke, tossing
her spiky black hair from her eyes and raising her chin to
meet the elder gaze for gaze. The elder chuckled. The
youngster reddened. "Iam not your enemy, little one," said
the elder, "save your Rage for the Wyrmspawn."

The young Fury crossed her arms defiantly and remained
standing, despite the elder's invitation. "Sit down, sister,"
the old one repeated, "I havé much to tell you."

"PI stand, thanks," the young Fury retorted." The elder
shrugged; "So be it. Your legs, your loss... "

7» ©

Chapter One

"he First (Days

Anger éan be seen as a response to anattack; very few men
are in positions where they can afford to directly confront their
attackers. :

Men's anger, then, becomes twisted and perverted. It-is
threatening to recognize the true source of his rage, because then
he would be forced to recognize the helplessness... of his position.
Instead, he may turn his anger on safer targets ~— women,
children, or still less powerful men.

—- Starhawk, The Spiral Dance

In the First Days, the balance stood firm in the hands of

the Goddess. Life was never easy; let no one tell you it was.

is

"
r
r

L


dedubduns

sia am Ot

ee eee

waemnecem

Pain; sickness, and death have éver walked in-hand with
joy, health, and life. Such is the Mother's way. Without
thorns, the rose loses its sweetness. But in those days there
was balance..Man and Woman stood together without
anger, without hate, for mutual survival. Man, closer to the
earth, hunted and built with the strength of his arm and the
power of his spirit. Woman, closer to the Mother, tended,
taught, and strove with Man to bring forth and guide new
life. As it is with all other animals, so then it once was with
humans. .

Men do serve a purpose, yourknow, beyond the spreading
of seed. The Wyld was strong in those days, and I need not
remind you how deadly the Wyld can be.

It is said that in those First Days,-the Mother, in her
aspect of Artemis the huntress, transformed a pack of black
she-wolves into her personal servants, that she might pass
on to the hurnans the mysteries that only Women share.
"These wolves were our foremothers, and they spoke only to
Woman. Man saw this, and was jealous.

Inancient times, Man bent his knee to Woman, believe
it if you will, and his heart burned with envy to see Woman
befriend the wolves. The Wyrm seized on that envy, and
visited Man, teaching him the secrets of seed and womb. As
the Wyrm feasted on the jealousy of Man for Woman,
Man's strength was turned against his partner and the peace
was lost. With his great strength and natural aggression,
Man quickly turned his hand from survival to conquest.

His tyranny lashed out not only at his partners, but at all
the Wyld. The Wyrm delighted in his new ally and set Man
about the task of raping both the bodies of Woman and the
souls of the Mother. Despairing at the destruction, the
Huncress of the Moon appeared to her she-wolves and
transformed them. into the First Daughters, into Garou.
Passing to them human names, powerful fetishes, and the
full mysteries of Womanhood, she charged them with
reining in the fury of Man, and teaching him the fury of
Woman.

The First Daughters passed among the humans for many
years, and their wrath grew strong. Isthsmene, the Warrior
and the fairest of the pack, and Euryale, the very first
Daughter, urged that Man be punished, beaten back down
to the feet of Woman. But Helena, the Wise One, saw
correctly that Man's fury; so chained, would only grow and
erupt again. Balance had been lost, balance must be re-
gained. Medusa, the Artisan whose Rage froze men like
stone, sang songs of batrle for Isthsmene. Stheno, the pack
Mother, urged compromise; limit the spread of Man and
thus limit his power. So did the First Daughters join the
Impergium.

l see you recognize the narne of Medusa, and maybe
Euryale and Sthenoas well. Gorgons, Mancalled them, and
built up myths about them in his ignorance.

The First Daughters, it is said, walked the Earth for long
lifetimes. They kept their watch and taught Woman their
secrets at revels and feasts: They chose males both human
and wolf as lovers and gave birth to threescore children, the

y


Second ‘Daughters. From them,°Man learned again to
respect the power of Woman, as the ancient tales: of
goddesses show...

se es. @

"Oh, please," sricered the young Fury; "spare me the fairy
tales!"

The old Fury's lips curled in' a snarl, and her scalp
bristled.."Don't roll-your eyes at me, sister!" she snapped.
*You still think too firmly with Man's logic. Listen, do not
judge!"

The young woman shruggéd, and the elder's eyes blazed.
"Stop smirking! This is high lore, child, not back-fence
gossip, and deserves to be told as such!"

Whatever," muttered the youngster, crossing her arms.
TVhe-elder continued, but her tome betrayed her anger.
Battle lines had been drawn.

7» * @

The Wyrm gnashed his teeth and bit his tail in fury. His
poison poured into the hearts of Man, and bicter struggles
arose. Many human women fled the cities of Man to build
cities of their own. Some of the Second Daughters joined
them there, and the Wyrm fed them poison, too. The earth
screamed as blood of Woman, Man, and animal spilled in
floods, and the Mother's fury grew.

The First Daughters were long-lived but not immortal.
As age overtook them, Wyrm-tainted heroes of Man slew
the mothers of our kind. In wrath and despair, Artemis sent
Incarna —— Pegasus, Owl, Unicorn, Panther —~ to aid the
Second Daughters..Christened the Black Furies, the Sec-
ond Daughters spread across the known world. For many
years the council of wise Helena was forgotten, and the War
of Rage, battles with other tribes, and our custom of slaying
male children, held until recently, kept our numbers low,
while the children of Man multiplied and passed on the
Wyrm-taint.

That Wyrm-taint poisoned many of the Garou as well.
As our foremothers traveled, they met tribes where females
were treated with disrespect. They made war with those
tribes,.as we still do. The hatred between the Furies and the
Get of Fenris remains a wound in the Mother's side,
festering still. The strength of the Fianna, Get, and Shadow
Lords has kept us from the Northern areas of Europe, even
in modern times, and any incursion by them imto our
homelands has been met with claw and fang.

- * @

agg AI A APPT AT ME PT A Sa GAP PP

(he Patriarch

In childhoéd a woman must be subjected to her father; in
youth, to her husband; when her husband is dead, to her sons.
A woman must never be free of subjugation.

ime Node of Manu, the "first man"
Patriarchy is indeed a male neurosis.
—— Judith Pierce

The elder Fury paused in her tale,-an-ancient hatred
kindled in her eyes. The younger Fury sensed Rage rising.
Despite her full-moon pride, the young Fury backed away
slightly from the heat of that Rage.

one

From the Middle East came the Patriarch, the most
insidious plot.of the Wyrm, under many names in many
forms. The bloody-minded Patriarch rippéd the souls and
battered the bodies of Woman in the name of his male gods.
The Patriarch, the Incarna of jealous man and servant of
Abhorra, the Urge Wyrm of hatred, promised Man limitless
power. For the sake of that power Man gladly bent everyone
around him to the yoke of the Patriarch. Though the
Patriarch's prophets spoke of kindness and good intentions,
they crushed Woman beneath laws of ownership and myths
of sin. .

Taught from the first that they were to blame for the
miseries of the world, the women of the Patriarch wrapped
themselves in cloaks of shame. The Furies raged, seeking to
tear the cloaks from their sister's shoulders, but the spirits
of Woman were crippled as the Patriarch, .in his myriad
forms, rolled across the lands of Europe, Asia, and Africa.
It has been said that the Furies led human followers of the
Mother, the pagan enemies of Greece and Rome, in their
many attacks against those lands. To our shame, the pagan
hordes turned to the Patriarch even as they conquered their
foes, and the Furies allowed it. A brief alliance between the
Get, the Fianna, and our ancestors is said to have come to
an end amid the ruins of Rome.

Over the centuries, the face of the Patriarch changed
and spread, bringing oppression and denial with each new
creed. Yet beneath it all, the Goddess could not be wholly
denied. The cults of the Patriarch tempered their hatred
with the names of love and forgiveness, and the worship of
the Holy Mother infused their litanies. Some Furies, find-
ing solace or merit in some of the teachings of the Patriarch,
sought to save the best of those beliefs and spread the old
ways ina new guise. Others rejected the Patriarch entirely
and led rebellious W/oman in dances beneath the moon.

When Rome fell, the Patriarch faltered for a time,
though his ideas remained strong. Again to our shame, we
Puries grew complacent, feeling that women who chose the
Patriarch's ways were beneath contempt. As we abandoned
the cities of Man for the Wyld, a war of ideas racked the
lands of the Patriarch, and crusades between his cults
ravaged Europe and the Middle East. I have heard rumors
these wars were fed by our sisters, some of whom used

Chapter One L7

ANY

\W\

we


deception to manipulate Man against himself, and I believe
them.

During this time, the Turks invaded our homeland, and
many Furies turmed to battle the conquerors alongside
human allies. We gained many concessions from Man
during these times, which may be why Greece was spared
the horror of the Burning Times.

"he Burning Cimes

Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.
~——- Exodus 22:18

All wickedness is little to the wickedness of a woman.

— Kramer and Sprenger, Malleus Maleficarum

We need not fear that women will do what they cannot do...

— Christine Pierce

From the beginning Woman has shared a close mystic
bond with the Goddess, and from the beginning Man has
feared and envied that bond. As the. Patriarch warred for
the souls of humanity, his priests turned a difference of
beliefinto acrime punishable by torture and death. W/oman's
ways, called witchcraft by some, fell under the gaze of the
priests. Every manner of evil was laid at the door of the
"witch," and no woman was safe.

Many of our Kinfolk and human friends. did indeed
practice witchcraft. But as the Burning Times began, Man
punished Woman for everything he wanted and could not
have. The evil of that time, the sickening outrages, blas-
phemies, tortures, hideous perversions... There are not
words for the carnage, the suffering of thousands of women
murdered screaming in torments we can never conceive.
Angi, Urge-Wyrm of Cruelty, rode high in those days.
Those times are a stain on the souls of Man forever!

We Furies were slow to shift our attentions to this
sacrilege, and it was far too late when we did. The Inquisi-
tors had grown strong, and were prepared for the worst we
could do. Many of the witch-hunters had battled vampires,
and were more than ready to take the fight to us. The Wyrm.
rode beside them, and gave them powers to battle us. Worse
still, it is said the Get of Fenris aided the witch-hunters
against us out of spite. I have no idea if this is true, but one
can never trust the Get.

We fought back at first, but for all of our Rage, we were
outnumbered. Our tribe, never strong in numbers, fell
before armored men with silver weapons. Qur Kinfolk, our
charges among the humans, and thousands who had noth-
ing at all to do with us, were hunted, tortured, and burned.
The Patriarch's cups ran over with innocent blood. Men
died too, but it was Woman who suffered worst in the
Burning Times.

‘The Sisterhood was born during the Burnings; a network
of Furies, Kinfolk, and sympathetic humans who freed and
protected Woman from the hunters. It smuggled women
into Greece and other lands beyond the horror, but many

I8 Black Furies

AI AE IT Ts PP OP

would not leave their homes and fell beneath the torture
and the stake.

The witch-frenzy lasted nearly three hundred years, and
cost untold thousands of lives. Our tribe was laid waste by
the time the witch-frenzy had run its course. It is not easy
to admit helplessness, sister, but we were truly helpless in
those dark times. Remember this when you think of rend-
ing the Veil, of letting yourself be known for who you truly
are. Of all the tribes, the Black Furies have learned most
painfully what all out war with the humans means!

When human explorers sailed to America, we Furies
followed as soon as we could. The mangled souls from the
Burning Times still haunt our home continent. I sensed
them on my journeys through Europe years ago, and never
have I felt a sadder thing.

The few Worlo
ble

Gam

Remember all men would be tyrants if they could. If particu-
lar care.and attention isnot paid to the Ladies we are determined
to fornent a Rebellion, and will not hold ourselves bound by any
Laws in which we have no voice, and no representation.

— Abigail Adams, a letter to her husband John

Depend on it, We know better than to repeal our Masculine
systems.

— John Adams (his reply to the above)

Rage is ever our blessing and our curse. As white settlers
spread across North America, many of our foremothers and
Kinfolk went with them, fleeing the insanity in Europe. To
our shame, we battled the Wendigo and Uktena for the
right to settle on their lands, raising caerms to the Mother,
building towns for our Kinfolk, and breeding with the
native wolves to revive our tribe. Though free from the
taint of the Patriarch, many of the native peoples still
placed Man above Woman, and we naturally objected. It is
easy to say now that our ancestors were wrong, but deeds
were done that cannot be erased. Sister, remember in the
future to respect our mative cousins and avoid our past
arrogance. I have my differences with the Wendigo, but
they are noble allies.

Free at last in an unspoiled land, our foremothers swore
never to repeat their mistakes. It is said that packs of our
sisters moved south to settle near the great river named for
the Amazons, but many remained in the north. At the
Finger Lakes in New York state, we retook a powerful caern.
from the Wyrm, and pledged there a new beginning for
Woman. Never, in this land, would we allow a horror like
the one we had fled. The Patriarch might batter at the heart
of this new land, but by all the blood of our tribe, he would
not take it!

In the years since, we have grown close to our human Kin
and encouraged them to stand up for themselves. The
powerful spirit of this land has fed Woman's urge to be free.
With a stronghold in America, we Furies were able to


rebuild our tribe and stake a claim in the Wyld before it was
entirely overrun. In the deepest forests on Earth, we keep
the peace for the Mother once again.
Unfortunately, the exodus brought about ‘a split in our
tribe, one that festers to this day. Many Old-World Furies
: have long disdained their American kin. Even today they
| : see us as traitors, while American Furies regard the ancient
: traditions of the Temple of Arternis as hopelessly outdated.
We present a united front to the other tribes, -but there
remains a tension within us that I, for one, regret.

Che Finger Lakes Oath

Thrée things trust and cherish well, 9.

The horse on which you-ride,

The beast that guards and watches,

And the sister at your side.

i Mercedes Lackey; "Threes" ;

Have you ever seen the sacred Mother's hand print at
Finger Lakes? You must, sister; all Furies must, for the heart
of the twentieth century was birthed there.. The spirit of
Gaia, of Luna, Artemis, Hecate, Selene ——- am I confusing

very ground, the air, the endless water of Finger Lakes
Caern. It is said that the Mother Herself scooped the Wyrm
out from the land and hurled him away, leaving Her hand
print in the earth. Even if it is not "scientific" cruth, itis a
wonderful story!

you? Never mind, (ll explain ——~ the Mother infuses the |

. As 1 Was saying, our foremothers swore an oath at Finger
Lakes that the Furies would guide Woman in this new
world, and that we would watch the hand of Man and take
an active role in his doings. When American' wornen,
dissatisfied with the old ways and old roles, came together
to demand their freedom by right and law, we advised them,
guarded them, and sometimes, in the night, avenged them.
Our sisters across the world followed our lead, and the lotr
of Woman. improved in the world, if only slightly.-:.

Che Modern Era
Fill us with the Light. «|
Give us the strength to understand,.
and the éyes to see. ~
Teach us to walk the soft Earth as relatives
to all that live. :
a Sioux Prayer
Fight, dammit, fight!
| Kill the damn bastards! :
— Shanna the She-Devil, Savage Tales
"Improved?!" The young Fury snorted, "Oh, bullshit!
Child abuse, wife beating, rape, harassment, this is im-
provement?" She snapped to her full height, scorn etched
across her face. "Elder or not, you're full of crap,.a toothless
old wolf gone soft!"

Chapter One Ig

L

q¢

j The elder scowled. "You're interrupting me."
\ "This is garbage," the pupil spat, "and you're no Black
Fury, just a babbling old fool!"

There were pasps and growls around the fire. Several
listeners edged into crouches. Rage coiled in the darkness,
but the young Fury stood firm, daring the others to strike at
her. Or to agree.

The elder only laughed, a bicter, barking cackle that
lashed across the clearing. In the shadows, another Fury
joined in, then another, and the youngster trembled, hu-
rniiliated, as her sisters mocked her. "Sister, sister," crooned
the elder, "You have much to learn... Haven't you listened
to anything Pve said? No one said that things were good or
tight..1 only said that they were bertrer!

"Our Rage is just, sister, itis just. But heed the lessons of
what we lost before. Rage unfocused is Rage lost. Now shut
up and let me finish..."

During World War Il, the Nazis overran our homeland:
Many Furies joined the Sisterhood in a covert war across
Europe. We Garou learned a. great deal about fighting
against modern weapons during the war, but the lessons
were expensive. The Get, the Fianna, the Silver Fangs, and
the Shadow Lords all took a beating in the war. While they
licked their wounds, we cemented long-standing treaties
with the Children of Gaia and Silent Striders to remake the
western world in a way more to our liking.

20 Black Furies

Some of our sisters would gut me for saying so; but 1 think
the tribe was enriched by its alliance with the Children of
Gaia. The Rage that has undone us at so many turns was
tempered by the Children, and through this we have
become more productive. With their help, we worked our
way into the legal and political workings of this country.
Soft words and favors when possible, claws in the night
when need be. Mariy of those secrets we taught for so long
are now common knowledge. Woman holds political and
social power for the fitst time in centuries, and our voice is
spreading world-wide. Simple Rage would never have ac-
complished this, sister. Patience has. its place, even for
werewolves.

ef «

yor

"Patience, my ass!
lieve I'm hearing this...

The elder leapt the fire in asudden blur; her teeth ripped
into the skin. of the young Fury's throat, drawing blood,
cutting off breath.

"Don't. Interrupt. Again!" the elder growled, her jaws
locked around the young Fury's ‘windpipe,. her shift to
Crinos too swift for the eye to follow.

After amoment, the youngster relented and the elder let
go: The two werewolves locked eyes. Another few mo-
ments passed, and the youngster turned away. The elder
returned to Homid form and lightly touched her pupil's
shoulder. "We are not enemies sister, remember that. As I
said, you are right to Rage... "

- - @

snarled the youngster. "I don't be-

"

No matter how high up a sheep climbs, it will nevér get beyond
the killing floor.

— Nancy A. Collins

We are not Man's equal, and never have we been Mari's
slave! We are the daughters of the Goddess, inheritors of
Her power, Her wisdom and Her wrath. We bleed the blood
of life. We are the carriers of destiny, the bark, the roots, the
very tree of life itself. It is sacrilege for Woman to bow to
Man, to unwillingly feel his hands on our legs, our breasts.
Better, by far, that wé should feel his Manhood quivering
between. our teeth!

Sad to say, our own sisters have sold us out —— humans,
and even Garou, who buy the lie of Man's superiority.
Greed, fear, and simple Stupidity carve out scars across the
Mother's face, and many women bear the blame. When we
battle our own sisters, in the streets and boardrooms or at
the barricades, Man grows stronger and the Wyrm laughs.

So few, it seems, can feel their birthright, feel the pull of
their own divinity. For every woman who joins us on the
picket lines or under the moon, a thousand sit on their asses
or cringe uncer some bastard's hand. Like sheep, they offer
their throats to the Patriarch and hand him a dull blade.

In the world's few Wyld places, we wage a desperate
battle for the sacred earth. Of all Garou, we Furies feel the
loss of the Mother's forests most bitterly. It was our charge,

WW

b


our'sacred purpése, to keep these places safe from thé hand
of Man, and we have failed.

Despite the blood of countless sisters, despite the pro-
tests, speeches, and outright battles in the street, the
cowardly Patriarch shields his groin and spits in the face of
Woman. Our blood spills out onto the bride-pyres in India,
onto battlegrounds of Bosnia, onto darkened streets the
world over. Man fears us, young Warrior, and in his fear he
lays waste to everything around him.

Man is a deadly fool and we must not repeat his mistake.
We must control our Rage, channel it, use it to slip free of
the Patriarch's chains. There have been too many chains in
place for too long to shatter them by Rage alone. With
patience, we have loosened them over time...

Goddess help Man when we get free...

21

WW

\ wie


i
|

Wisdorn is the supreme part of happiness, and reverence
towards the gods must be inviolate..Great words of prideful men
are ever punished with great blows, and, in old age; teach the

chastened to be wise.

=— Sophocles, Antigone

‘The eldér's eyes reflect hard-earned wisdom. "You need
to learn control, and respect as well," she says. "You are
right to Rage. You are wrong to interrupt!" >

The young Fury stood silent as the elder paused to drink
from a cup. Off to her sides, she watched the other Furies
who had gathered to listen, who had mocked her and
watched her defeat. As her wounded pride throbbed and
her throat stung, she ached to pay the old one back in kind.

The others, she knew, would take the elder's side in a
fight, and her new life would be over before it began. Some
other tactic, some more subtle confrontation, would have
to do.

"It is said," the young Fury said as the elder put aside her
cup, "by some young Garou, that the old ways and tradi-
tions are a waste of time, and that we'd all be better off ifwe
concentrated on the here-and-now than on a bunch of old
stories." A. low growl rurmbled off to her left, and the elder

Chapter Two

gazed at her dangerously. "So it is said by some," the young
Fury finished. :

"ould you agree?" The elder's tone was offhand, bur
the look in her eyes was menacing.

"Maybe," the younger replied, crossing her-arms and
meeting the elder's gaze.

"Warrior, warrior," the old one sighed, "your moon-sign
becomes you! Surrounded, outclassed, .cutmumbered, but
rade all the samme. You'll make.a fine warrior, sister, a great
warrior," her voice dropped suddenly, "as soon as you learn
to shut up and think!"

The others laughed again, and the youngster stood
confused, caught off-guard by the sudden praise and abrupt
rebuke. The elder took the opportunity to take another
drink, then continued.

se

23

L


I
i
i

Che Passing of
isOom

You see now the differénce between the old and the new
ways, and the schism that divides our tribe. Old baggage
like me, the crones of our people, hold on tovhistory after
our claws have dulled, while young —— pardon the expres-
sion —— maidens like yourself carve out new paths with the
same old questions. I was the same when I was younger, and
you'll have the same problem instructing some other young
hellion, assuming you live long enough.

History's important, child. From history comes culture,
and our culture is our strength. Without it,we would spin
im rudderless circles until the Wyrm dragged us screaming

off to hell.

Kuklos (Che Cirdes)

Man, corfronted by woman, does seem to feel, variously,
frightened, revolted, dominated, bewildered, andeven, attimes,
superfluous - ~

-—— Dr. Wolfgatig Lederer

Weare each Virgin huntress , ave areeach Great Mothers, we

are Death Dealers who hold out the promise of rebirth and

24 Black Furies

I ET ET BP OP Pe IAP CE LE,

régeneration. We are no longer afraid to seé ourselves as her
daughters, nor are we afraid to refuse to be victims of this subtle
Burning Time. -

— Morgan McFarland, from Drawing Down the
Moon

As you've said, there are thosé in our tribe who have lost
sight of the balance between young and old. The old-world
traditionalists cling to our rites like a lifeboat, while many
of our youngsters figure they have nothing to learn that
they can't teach themselves. Silly rifts over philosophy,
ritual, the roles of Man and the Goddess, have split our tribe
into kuklos, or circles. Most of these camps are friendly to
each other, but some are armed to the teeth against their
sisters except in the face of an outside foe. When our backs
are to the wall, we Furies will fight like a thousand Get for
our sisters, but put too many Furies in a room together and
sooner or later the door will come flying off, usually aimed
at some fool's head! .

The great American experiment caused more friction
between sisters than a thousand years of struggle against the
Patriarchy. American septs will cooperate with their Old
World sisters, and vice versa, but not without some name-
calling and such. I think some of the Old-World types are
jealous of us here, but then I'm prejudiced.

Many Furies will not even go to South America, Africa,
or Asia, so those lands are often left to the Freebooters, the
Amazons, and the Order of the Merciful Mother. I met a
Fury from the Congo once, but I have no idea what group,
if any, she belonged to.

lsee by the blank look on your face that you haven't
heard of any of these carnps, so I'll fill you in as best I can.
l would recommend you visit some of Our sisters in these
kuklos. They could tell you far more than I.

Che Amazons of (Diana

Every part of the earth is sacred to my péople. Every shining
pine needle, every sandy shore, every mist in the dark woods,
every clearing and hurnming insect is holy in the memory and
experience of my people.

—- Chief Seattle

The Amazons of Diana protect Woman and Wyld, and
frequently travel across the world to stamp Man's face into
the mud. Most come from America, where wormen are
raised to be more self-reliant and aggressive... Many are
active in American or Canadian politics, siding with-our
human sisters to lift the Patriarch's yoke by law or claw.
‘There are, however, groups of traveling avengers who seek
out pockets of the Wyrm or the Patriarch and fight them at
their own doorsteps.-Glory is the Amazon's province, and
her peril. lwas once a follower of Diana, and frankly, I was
fortunate to survive my travels. The life of an Amazon is
glorious indeed, but véry, very short. If this is the path you
choose, I wish you luck, strength, and courage.

TEN

WY

y


he Amazon Speaks

And you let him do this to you? You silly bitch! You disgust
me, the lot of you, coming in-with black eyes and broker arms,
erying on our shoulders and telling us how much he loves you!
Wake up, dammit!

Who are we, anyway? You wouldn't know, I guess. Call us
Amazons if you like, warriors and daughters, protectors in the
shadows. If stupid chicks like you would stand up for yourselves
more often, you wouldn't reed us to scrape you up off the floor.
Radical? Look in that mirror. Is there a better answer?

Hey, look, mm -sorry, I kriow it's been rough. Don't ory...
No, on second thought, go ahead... Hey, same friends of mine
are having a party tomorrow night: Yeah, kind of a full moon
party. ve got same crash space. Maybe we can go talk to them
tomorrow...

By the way, where did you savy he lived?

"he Freebooters

This house is full of my madness,

This house is full of my mistakes,

This house is full of madness,

This house is full of full of,

Full of fight!

— Kate Bush, "Get Out of my House"

The Freebooters span Gaia's Vale searching for artifacts
to steal and hide,.a long and honorable tradition -that
began, I have heard, with a group of Furies who stole the
treasures of a Greek vampire. More importantly, the Free-
booters secure the few remaining patches of Wyld until
caerns can be set up and septs established.

FPreebooters tend to be young, reckless, and full of fight.
More than any other kuklos, Freebooters tend to work
outside our tribe, mixing with Garou of all genders for a
common cause. Freebooters spit in the face of the Wyrm
and live to tell of it more often' than the Amazons, I'm
afraid, because Freebooters strike quickly and run. Stealth
and wit, not force, makes a Freebooter.

Despite the courage of the Freebooters, many Furies,
particularly Amazons and Bacchantes (You haven't heard
of them, either? Child, what did they teach you in school?),
regard them as cowards or fools for their fleet-footed antics.
I do not share this view, myself. The Freebooters' way has
done more damage to the Wyrm than a thousand pitched
battles, and serves the Veil better, as well.

Che Freebooter Speaks

No, you're not hallucinating. I wasn't here a rioment ago.
Heh heh heh...

Darkness is our friend, girl, and dor't you forget it. Screw
that damn-the-torpedoes crap. That'll get you killed, make no
mistake! Class, girl, class and style will get you da lot farther than
playing Indiana Jones. The jungle's full of killers, and the trick

Chapter Two

is to be one of them: A-good trap works better than a banzai
charge.

Shhh! Check out Elmer over there..Elmer as in Fudd; you
ever watch cartoons? Well, this ain't a cartoon, and when that
trick goes, Elmer there won't be just getting up and walking
away.

Nasty, huh? Now arern't you glad I was here? Could' ve been

C he Order of Our Merciful
WMother

It is forbidden to decry other sects..The true believer gives

honor to whatever in them is worthy of honor.
ww A decree of Asoka; Emperor of India

The Order of Our Merciful Mother is the group I spoke
of earlier, the sisters who turned the Patriarch's own words
against him by fighting faith with faith. They have taken
the best of the Patriarch's godspeak and put it to practice
helping those who suffer... While some Furies ‘regard the

Order as an affront to the Mother, I have seen the good they |

do. As I said before, we must nurture as well as avenge.

The sisters of the Order, many of them metis, set up
ministries in less developed countries or urban industrial
centers where humans raised in the Patriarch's faith must
still be taught the Morher's ways without outward sign of
conversion.

The Order has also used the power arid trappings of
Man's religion to secure caerns against industrial "develop-
ment." Without the Order ministering to the poor by day
and hunting our foes by night, the W/yrm would hold a
firmer grip than he already does. The numbers of the Order
are slight, but their faith is strong.

"he Sister Speaks

I see that you noticed my hands. No, 1 have becorne used to
three fingers, having had a lifetime to do so. You are kirid to be
concerned..So many of our blood are not.

We carry the Mother's word to those who would not other-
wise listen: Their senses have been sealed by the god of Man, and
they cannot appreciate the tang of sap on a clean breeze or the
ery of our animal kin in the Wyld. Their slavery has become a
darkness, a self-made darkness, and it is our task to lead them
from it.

No, I do not believe itis athankless task: The glimmer in the
eyes of a woman discovering the true secrets of the Goddess, the
truth behind the lies she has lived for so long, is worth the vows
and the sweat and the soul-ache I feel when we see our charges
die. So marry die out here. The land is harsh, and the people too
numerous to feed. A few less men-out here makes a great
difference...

There are other compensations for our work as well...

ANY

WY

Ly


he Sisterhood

lari a secret agent

Of the moon...

Celestial subversive

Con-spiritorial

Spirita Sancta

Holy

Holy

Holy

"And then some

And I have friends.

: i Barbara Starrett, from I.D.

I mentioned the Sisterhood earlier,.tche European net-
work of Garou and Kinfolk who safeguard many of the
caerns and cities of the Old World. They are more tolerant
of American Garou than most Old-World Furies,.and,
along with the Moon-Daughters, are among the most
tolerant in practice of all Black Fury. camps. Many male
Kinfolk hold high positions in the Sisterhood. The founders
recognized long ago that accomplishing goals such as secur-
ing property rights and negotiating with human institutions
would be difficult, if not impossible, in. Europe without
men. Claws in the darkness are not always the best solution
to a problem, though some Furies would disagree.

The Sisterhood dates back to the Burning Times, when
Furies fled the Patriarch's clutches and even the sternest
Garou pitied the human women caught in Man's hate. Like
the Underground Railroad during the American Slave Age
(which, it is said, we Furies helped to guide as well), the
Sisterhood smuggled Kinfolk, humans, and Garou away
from the Inquisitors and into safer lands, though few lands
could be called safe during that hideous time. The Sister-
hood bought or otherwise négotiated the purchase of many
sacred sites in Europe. More recently, the Sisterhood spread
to Africa and Asia.. There, wealthy groups or sisters buy
land to set up wildlife preserves, but this is a new thing, and
faces a hard road.

Kinfolk play an important role'in the Sisterhood, more
so, perhaps, than in any other kuklos.. The Sisterhood
fought as partisans during World War H, and have a warrior
tradition going all the way back to the Burning Times.
Sisterhood Kin are more skilled in combat than many
Garou. Most human Sisterhood Kinfolk practice minor
magics, and have a local reputation for sorcery. The locals
call them strega,. an ancient name for witches. Lupine
Kinfolk guard sisterhood outposts and caerns,. and travel
with the circle's charges. European vampires and rival
Garou know better than to trifle with the Sisterhood!

he Strega Speaks =

You do not speak the languagé of our homeland? Why is it that

you Americans limit yourselves so? I could speak three languages ©

by the time I was twelve.. Well, no matter. You have...

26 Black Furies

property... you wish to dispose of? Yes; 1 know where we may
take it.

No; I am not Garou; but any sister of the homeland knows
the value of our work here.. We deserve no less glory than you,
though the moon does not flow so deeply in our veins. We have
our magic dlso, and we battle the Kallikantzari —— the vampires.
1 killed my first when I was fifteen. Do not underestimate your
Kinfolk, sister.

Yes, itis a pretry trinket: You say itcame from the Tremere?
Good. Anything out of their hands is a blessing to Artemis.
Where will I take it? Sister, with all respect,-that is not your
concern. Trust that it will be safe.

The Cemple of Artemis

The mortal is mad who sacks cities and desolates temples and
tombs... his own doom is only delayed.

-— Euripides, The Trojan Women

The Temple of Artemis sits at the far end of tolerance.
‘Traditional to an extreme, the Temple reveres the old ways
to a degree that even I find hide-bound. Still, the Temple-
Keepers are the backbone of our tribe. They speak the old
truths and seek the Mother's wisdom. Despite their mystic
bent, the Temple-Keepers are fiercé warriors and keen
hunters, each one skilled with the sacred bow of Artemis:
Even the oldest (and the Temple-Keepers often live long
lives) can outshoot the best human archer or chase a deer
across miles of wilderness. Still, much of aTemple-Keeper's
time is spent in ritual, training, or meditation. If you find
me antiquated, you'll find the Temple hopelessly prehis-
toric!

For centuries, the Temple has set the policy, such as it is,
for our entire tribe. In the last century, the rising tide of
American informality and independence, coupled with the
physical and culrural distance between the continents, has
put the Temple on the defensive. In my view, the Temple
of Arternis could do with new blood and new ideas, but,
conversely, newer packs of Furies could learn much from
the Temple and its ways before dismissing it out of hand. It
is said that the Mother takes mortal shape among the
Temple-Keepers and advises them face-to-face... You may
make of that what you will, but I believe it.

The Priestess Speaks

Hold the arrow «Feel its weight, sense its purposé in the sharp
point and feathered quills. We are the arrows, warrior, bent and
fired by the will of Artemis.

She hunts on two feet, or four feet, or on wings, and her prey
never escapes. We Furies are only a pale shadow of the Goddess.
Think of yourself as her arrow...That should keep you from
thinking too highly of yourself. Like arrows,.we are tripartite.
Like the metal point, we are human. Like the fletch, we are
animal. Like the shaft; we are of raw nature, shaped by the
Goddess' hand.

Remember the arrow when you let fly your Rage. Aim true,
and do not falter.

a

Ww

b


"he WMtoon-CDaughters

Ll cormé to you with strangé fire; I make an offering of love.
The incense of my souil is burned by the fire in my blood.
—- Indigo Girls, "Strange Fire"

The Moon-Daughters are another mystical sect. Al
though they share .much with the' Temple, the
Moon-Daughters and the Tetnple often work at cross-
purposes. The Temple of Artemis is the keeper of the past;
the Moon-Daughters are the bearers of the future... Their
rituals are spontaneous, their traditions subject to constant
challenge and change. Moon-Daughters often guide hu-
man New Age and pagan groups and work closely with
political action and consciousness-raising groups, male and
female. Moon-Daughter Kinfolk often practice Woman's
magic and keep wolf Kin as companions.

The Daughters are the product of the American spirit,
more egalitarian and accepting than most Fury sects. Male
metis hold higher ranks among the Daughters rhan any-
where else in the tribe, and male Kinfolk stand near equal
with their sisters. The Daughters work closely with the
Children of Gaia, and seek more mystical, less combative
ways of solving problems. Still, as with any of our tribe, the
Rage of Gaia is the nectar of the Daughters.

Though not'as warlike as the Amazons or Bacchantes,
Moon-Daughters are as deadly in their wrath as any Furies.
It is said that some Moon-Daughters have lupine Kinfolk
who can breathe fire, or that they know arcane secrets of
spirit-lore even the Temple does not share: In any case, best
not to cross these so-called "crystal-gazers." Mother alone
knows what they may do...

Che Mystic Speaks

Reach deep inside yourself, past all that accumulated debris,
and draw a breath into your lungs. Feel it washing through you,
cleansing, expanding. Wrapitin your soul, pull that primal howl
from your gut. Open your throat and let thar how! loose!

Doesn't that feel better? We'll do it together. Our voices can
move mountains, our howls reach the moon. You don't have be
a wolf to feel the inner howl. The howl is W/oman's birthright.
We howl with agony and joy at the birth of our children, with
bitterness at our betrayal, with rage when we are slighted, and
with delight when we may finally be ourselves :.. :

Within this circle there are no secrets; we have no lies and we
neéed no masks. Within this circle, we are one,.and the Goddess
is with us.

Let us howl with her...

Che @Bacchantes

Possessed though I am, 1 shall for once emerge from my
frenzy.
— Euripides, The Trojan Women
Ah, yés, the Bacchantes. I had forgotten them, hadn't I?
Have you learned the tales of the Wild Women of Greece,

said by man to be the followers of a male god, Dionysus?
Wild dancers who frenzied under the moon and tore living
animals and people apart with their bare hands? No? Pity.

The tales are, of course, somewhat incorrect.. The Bac-
chantes exist, but male gods had nothing to do with their
activities. Not all are Garou, or even Kinfolk, but most are.
Bacchantes —- also called Maenads —~ are the Mother's
wrath personified; Woman tthe destroyer, Wornan the
primal killer. Kali, Lillith, Pele, Tiamat. Under any name,
the wrath of Woman cannot be denied for long.

The Goddess channels her Rage through the Bacchantes,
more so even than through most Furies, and they revel in
that Rage. Bacchantes gather in their moots to celebrate
Gaia's fury with strong drink, natural drugs, and ecstatic
dancing. Their wild rites leave even Red Talons dumping
their bowels in terror: The Termple of Artemis has had its
hands full over the centuries guiding the Wild Women, but
even the most conservative Temple-Keeper must secretly
admire the Bacchantes for the purity of their Rage and their
closeness to the primal pulse of Gaia.

Thave never knowna Bacchante ata time when the Rage
was not upornher, sol have no idea what they are like away
from their revels. Iris said that Bacchantes are not so much
an. organized camp as an elite fellowship chosen from the
ranks of Woman. Many Bacchantes doubtless belong to the
other Black Fury kuklos as well. Perhaps you yourself may
be chosen by Gaia to join this mysterious fellowship. You
certainly have the temperament.

Chapter Two 27


a

The Bacchante Speaks

That' s it, wet yourself, you shitty little wretch! How proud is
Your prick now, you raping bastard? Big, tough man like you!
Any last words? You're full of good words when you want them.
Where are they now?

Too many drinks? That's a great excise, a wonderful excuse!
I've had too many drinks myself, and I'm feeling a little crazy,
but it's crazy ina good way, and I think I'm gonna have me some
fun tonight! Come on, bud, let's party! You like to party, don't
you? Aw, look, I think he's gonna cry...

Shoe's on the éther foot now, isn't it, you foul little excuse for
a pathetic turd? Come on, big boy, let's see how tough you are...
Look at this, he is crying! Big boys don't cry, do they? Guess
you're not such a big boy after all...

Notall Black Furies belong to these kuklos: Many do not.
Just the same, knowing about these camps may serve you
well some day.

oe 8

Aspects of the Mother

The young Fury finally looked interested. The Rage in
het eves dimmed, and the elder was pleased to sée it. The old
one reached for the wine at her side and passed it to her
pupil, who took it with a grateful nod. The others around
the firé whispered to each other of their approval.

"T hate to ask a stupid question," said the youngster when
the ritual was finished, "but you mentioned Artemis, and
Luna, and a few other names as well. Isn't Gaia our God-
dess? Isn't Gaia the ‘Mother' you mentioned?" She tensed
her shoulders, expecting a sarcastic barrage from the crone,
but the old woman merely smiled.

"Let me tell you about the Goddess," she said...

en. &

O Earth-Mothér, Thou of uncounted names and faces, Thou
of the many-faceted Nature in and above All, Nature Incar-
nate, Love and Life fulfilled; look favorably upon this place,
grace us with Your Presence, inspire and infuse us with Your
‘powers; by all the names by which You have been known, O
Earth-Mother.

— Hasidic D
Chronicles

Gaia is our Goddess, the All-Mother of living things and
special patron of the Garou, but Gaia has many faces and
aspect. It is through Her sister, Luna, also called the Moon,
that we can better know Gaia. Luna sheds light upon the
mysteries of the mother as she does the cycles.of nature. She
reveals a three-fold incarnation of the Goddess. Each of the
three aspects summons forth a different aspect of the moon,
life-blood of Garou and the shaper of our destiny. >

Artemis is the hunter, the Virgin Goddess, while Selene
is the Mother, the fall moon pregnant with possibilities.
‘Hecate, the Crone, is the name given by some to the dark
avenger of the night. Humans called her che patron of
witches, and many modern Garou and Kinfolk, the Moon-

Druids of North America, The Druid

EF
if

\

Daughters in particular, feel drawn to this aspect of the All-
Mother.

Maiden, Mother and Crone are aspects of the Goddess
incarnate in W/oman, the shard of divinity that Man covets.
©urs are the keys of the cycle, birth, death, and rebirth. All
aspects of the cycle are present in the moon, in the Goddess,
in Woman. This is the first of the Mysteries that Artemis
taught our foremothers, and our foremothers taught human
women.

And what, you may ask, has this got to do with killing?
Death, too, is part of the cycle, and, to many, the Black
Furies are the agents of death. :

Children of the Furies

Your children are not your children:

They are the sons and daughters

of Life's longing for itself.

They come through you but not

from you,

"And though they are with you

yet they belong not to you.

~~ Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet

Killers, avengers, mothers, protectors. The Furies are all
these and more. Yes, of course we're mothers! Did you think
that we divided and spawned like cells? More than any

28 Black Furies

i


other tribe; I think; the Furies know thé value -of our
children. All Garou are precious, even males.

Once we slew our male children, whether out of hate or
ritual I do not know. This, I have heard, stopped during the
Burning Times, when each new Black Fury kept our tribe
from extinction. Since then, we have given male children
or metis pups to other tribes or Kinfolk packs to raise. Many
male Children of Gaia, Silent Striders, and Stargazers have
the blood of the Furies in their veins, and male Kinfolk,
both human and. wolf, make good studs for furure genera-
tions.

Motherhood is perhaps the greatest joy of Woman, and
our greatest burden. It's certainly the hardest to explain.
Hard as pregnancy may be for born warriors to-accept, the
quickening of new life inside you, the ecstatic agony and
joyful terror of giving birth to a new being, of carrying it
within and forcing it through. yourself to gasp its first
breath, all are sensations known to Woman, and Woman
only. Man's greatest envy is that he cannot bear life, only
end it. Some sisters forswear bearing children, and such is
their right, but as one who has brought three daughters into
the world, can say there is no greater rhing. oo

Because of our endless war, we rarely care for own
daughters, giving them to the care of Kinfolk or worthy
humans. You were one such, born to the descendants of a
Fury's male child some three generations_past. Yes, we've
been watching you! The trials our children face prepare
them for the hard life of Garou.

ar tribe is small. Warriors above all, we cannot simply
sit around and breed! So female Kinfolk are in many ways
the futures of our line. Before the Burnings, many Furies
insisted that only Garou Furies would make fit mothers. But
now our Kinfolk often mate with suitable Garou, and the
children they bear, if female, are raised as Furies.

And what is "suitable," you ask? We have a rite, which
you will learn in time, to determine which men aré most
likely to carry good seed. From this rite, we often determine
our mates, and the fathers of our children, for what that is
worth. No, I don't hate men, child, but I personally have
met few who were good for much more than breeding stock.

Che Breeds

The tribe to which this sisterhood belongs I have seen not, nor
know I what land.can aver that it rears such a race with
impunity, and has not afterward to repent of its pains.

—~ Aeschylus, The Eumenides

We are the best of all worlds, sister, wolf and Woman in
one. As a Homid, I know it will take you time to get used
to the idea that many of your sisters never saw a cradle or
watched cartoons. You know our breeds, do you not? I see
you do. Lest you become convinced that: our breed is
superior, let me tell you of the three breeds, three more faces
of the Goddess in our tribe.

Chapter Two

Lupus

The wolf is our sacred forbear-and our tie with the
divinity of our birthright. As we are guardians of the Wyld,
we are bound to hold the wolf in greater esteem than other
tribes do, especially the thrice-cursed Glass Walkers! Those
of the lupus breed are no less valued by Gaia than we born
of human VW/oman, and they perhaps; to Her, may be more
worthy of love. No wolf dumps toxic wastes in Her oceans,

eh? .
Homio

We homids bear the guilt of the stain we have created on
this world, but we have our advantages. Our culture and our
language serve us well, and our adaptable nature confounds
our enemy. The Wyrm. would have a much easier time of
things if we had no cars, computers, or guns! Besides, I for
one would become .bored by a lifetime without books,
paintings, or music!

Wetis

The spawn of mated Garou have a miserable lot. 1 pity
them, though many Furies do not..In our homeland, the
state of the spirit is said to be reflected in the state of the
body. Perhaps thé spread of these bastard outcasts reflects
the inner corruption of all Garou. How else could there be
so many of them in these final days?

WwW

Male metis are doubly condemned, being both male and
deformed and that much further from the Goddess. What-
ever you do, little sister, never inflict this kind of living
horror on your child!

oo @

Joy

"The old Fury paused, thought for a moment, and shook
her head. "It is so easy," she said, "t6 see all that is wrong,
to stare perpetually into darkness. Is this, you wonder, a
Fury's lot, to smolder forever at the pains of the world, one
step away from fiery Rage? Is this, you may wonder, all there
is to our lives?

"I wonder these things, little sister, even if you donot. I
wonder about them often."

She motioned to a lanky woman off t to her left, a Fury
with a wooden flute in her hands. The musician nodded and
began aslow, moody song, its cadence matching the leaping
of the flames.-A she-wolf.with.a white-streaked muzzle
began to croon softly as another woman began to slap a
slow-tempo rhythm on her bare legs. The pack joined in,
and the elder began to sing...

The young Fury set up a counter-rhythm, and the drum-
mer picked up her pace. The flute and voices quickly took
on a frenzied air, and power gathered in the leaping shad-
ows. The women began to clap, to smile, as the elder sang

30 Black Furies

A i

unknown words in a foreign tongue, motioning the others
to go faster. As she reached a crescendo, the elder let out a
wild yell, and her sisters yelled with her. As the sound died
away, the elder smiled. "There is more," she said, "so much
more,.if we choose to see it."

oe ee @&

If we weré to dwell in anger, as do the Get, our tribe
would boil over and explode with its own wrath. Of course
we have our celebrations, our games, our tribal recess. Life
would be intolerable otherwise!

What do the Furies enjoy? What brings a smile toa

. killer's jaws? Music, for one thing. Song is the Goddess' gift,

and one all Furies love. We have songs for everything, but
the best song, I've found, is the music that wells from the
soul when the heart is pained. It's no accident that some of
the most joyful music our world has seen flows from places
where sorrow hangs heavily on the Mother's children.

‘The bond of sisterhood, our eternal family, is a powerful
source of pleasure: Our children are a joy tous as well, a _
fleeting happiness made more precious by their brief time -
among us. Walking the Wyld, feeling the Goddess' touch
with every sense, brings an ecstasy mon-Garou can never
know. Carry the memory of this pleasure with you when you *
go into battle. Irs sweetness will remind you what it is you
fight for-


Ritual

Of all Garou; we Furies share perhaps the greatest love of
ritual. Qur ties to the Mother, closer than even most other
Garou, bind us to Her seasons, and we reflect this in our
rites. Joyful or somber, our rites are celebrations, thankful
tributes to the goddess.

Our rite is not the stuffy affair of Man's church; where
you were dragged when you were little to squirm on hard
wooden benches. Our rite is a spontaneous song, or the
passing of a cup, ora proud battle boast. Games, plays, tall-
tale tellings, anything that brings us together in the Mother's
bounty is a rite to the Garou.

Long ago, we taught human Woman our rites, and she
took her holidays home with her: Ancient cultures, more in
tune with nature's flow,-adopted our rites. Even the Patri-
arch had to acknowledge them, though he changed their
names and twisted their meanings. :

Even our most modern sisters have rites for everything,
though they tend to be more spontaneous than the rigid
ceremonies of the Ternple of Artemis. Generally, we gather
in circles around a bonfire and begin singing and howling,
adding drums and other human devices if anyone can play.
The rite leader, called a Mystae, (and yes, for our pack,
that's me) weaves the skeins of song together into a tapestry
of praise. Some more traditional septs divide into Serophe
and Antistrophe, two sections of singers, at the M-ystae's
command. This is a human embellishment, but an ancient
one. In more modern rites, three or more chorus may
counterpoint each other. All of this will come in time for

Choros ( Moots)

When the full Moon shines on all below

heed not wind nor weather ,

we'll dance the dance that the Men don't know,

Sisters dancing together.

~— Leslie Fish, "Sisters Dancing Together"

For centuries, we have invited human women to join is
under the moon, in informal moots we call kuklochoros, or
circle-dances. At these kuklochoros, we teach them the
secrets of the Goddess and help them find Her. within
themselves. When the Burning Times swept the land, these
dances were called witch's sabbats, and the women who
joined us were tortured horribly for consorting with "un-
holy beasts." Man, as usual, was jealous of what he could not
control. Today women joinus freely at these dances, at least
in America. Wornan still fares badly in other countries, and
does not share our freedom, such as it is.

Ulaka megaleis, or grand howls, are for Furies alone. The
grand howls are long, deeply ernotional events. For days we
build power through challenges, rites and debates. At the
peak of the ulaka megaleis, we burst into a wild revel to send

our power back into the night. Even a wolf my age may
dance like a pup when such power flows through her!
The hunt, the kuneigeseon, is:a tradition from ancient
times. It has, if anything, more validity today than it did in
days past. When we discover a man who has committed
some gross crime against Woman or the Mother, we seek
him out and take him with us: At the start of the kuneigeseon,
we set him free. Aftera revel, we hunt him down. His blood

feeds the Wyld, and his death feeds the cycle. Finding such.

men these days is easy, though abducting them without a
trace is not. Still, we remove dozens of blights from Gaia's
Male each year this way.

"ropos (Che Litany)

You know the Litany, do you not? I sée by your expres-
sion that you're unsure of it. No, child, I will nor attack you
again. We expect pups will take some time to absorb the
pack laws. In time, they will be instinctive. ;

"As you might expect, each tribe, each pack, follows the
Litany to their own taste. Each tribe considers some aspect
of the law more important than others. Age, for example,
is a curse to some Garou. To the Furies, age is power, rank,
a testament to the strength of the sister. In becoming one
with the Crone, a Fury completes the cycle of the Goddess,
the moon, .and life:.I see you smile! An-old wolf like me
would make such a claim! But as you travel among the
sisters, if you live so long, you will find this to be true.

Garou Shall Wot Mate with Garou

Many Furies break the first of the Laws, the prohibition
against sex with other Garou. Contrary to belief, we have
not all forsworn the company of Man. The drive of Woman
to Manis a natural thing, and not always a bad one. I would
advise, though, that you refrain from loving a male Garou.
Such unions bring nothing but shame and suffering.

Combat the Wyrm Wherever Jt
CDwells and Whenever Jt Breeds

Wre Furies stand in thé front line against the Wyrm: Any
Fury who cowers in His face should be gutted on-the spot!
Gaia's Vale and the Mother's children are our sacred
charges, and no Fury should ever forget this.. There are
many ways to battle the Wyrm, but any Black Fury who flees
the fight will fall beneath her sisters' claws before long.

Qespect the Cerritory of Another

As I told you earlier, many Old World Garou violated
the third Law, that of respect for ariother's territory, when
we intruded on the lands of the Wendigo. The Furies, at
least, admit our mistake and now pledge to honor another's
hunting ground, provided the other tends it properly.

Chapter Two 31

"Ay

\W\

Vs

Accept an Honorable Surrender

Black Furies always accept an honorable surrender, even
from a male. Beware, however, the treachery of other tribes,
particularly the rabid Get. They hold no honor, so expect
none from them.

Submission to Chose of Higher Station

Respect and hon6ér aré a Fury's lifeblood, and you'll do
well to remember this in furure. Rank is not so much a
matter of station as of plain manners. Constant interrup-
tions, my sister, may be fatal!

Che First Share of the Kill for the
Greatest in Station

Respect for T hose @eneath Ye — All
Are of Gaia

Elder or pup, Maiden, Mother, or Crone, all are equal
before the Mother. We are all sisters here. As I said, rank is
a matter of respect, not of station. We Furies ignore these
Laws. Other Garou do not. When in doubt, err on the side
of caution.

The Veil Shall Uot Be Lifted

Remember always the horrors-of the Burning Times.
Carry them with you. If Man were to Rage again, we would
be his first target.

Do Not Suffer Chy People to Tend
Thy Sickness

‘To attain great age isa Fury's greatest triumph. Crories
are the teachers and the passers of the ways ——~ much as ?ve
been teaching you tonight. In age, we become one with the
final stage, with death. Some day, though not any time
soon, | will carry myself away from here and rejoin the First
Daughters.-So it is with all our sisters.

We take care of our own as much as possible, but some
wounds may not heal. We put crippled sisters out of their
misery and mourn them later. We do this for Kinfolk and
human women as well, if their wounds are deadly or their
corruption too deep. Better our claws than the Wyrm's
poison or Man's hand!

Che Leader May Be Challenged At
Any Cime during Peace, Mever during

War

I cannot stress too heavily the importance of respéct
within our tribe. The leaders must listem to their packs, and
the packs must respect their leaders. Without this devotion
between. sisters, our tribe would have fallen long ago.

Challenges within'the tribe should be handled peace-
fully, though they often-are not. We should always avoid

32 Black Furies

shedding a sistér's blood. The blood of others, however, is
a different story.

Ye Sall Take No Action That Causes
a Caern to Be Violated

iff ever meta Black Fury who had defiled a caetn, I would
throat her slowly and bloodily. Any Fury worth the name
would do the same.

"Che Councils: Che
Outer and Jnner Calyx

The affairs of our tribe are overseen by two packs of
leaders, the Quter and Inner Calyx. A Calyx is an earthen-
ware vessel, a jug to put things in. The Goddess channels
Her will through the Calyx, and it imparts this will tous. So
it is said...

The leaders of the Outer Calyx are chosen much like
human Popes, supposedly by lot and merit, actually through
rank and influence. Politics and werewolves make for grim
whimsy, sister! This conclave sets tribal policy (or at least
tries to!), mediates disputes, and secures supplies and aid for
tribes in -meed. Leaders have their uses, I suppose, but.a
werewolf parliament has always struck me as just plain
foolishness!

[have no idea what the Inner Calyx does. Its motives and
purpose are secret, even to most elders. Artemis used to visit
it long ago, they say, and speak though the body of a living
oracle. If this has ever happened, it has not happened in
some time. Some Fury elders wonder why...

(he Sacred Creasures

Bring me my broadsword

and clear understanding,

bring me a cross of gold

asa talisman:

—— Jethro Tull, "Broadsword"

Someé say it has to do with the Sacred "Artifacts. You
remember the tale.of our foremothers? It is said thar
Actemis entrusted the First Daughters with five artifacts,
five objects that defined the Daughtrer's purpose and carried
great magical power. The Inner Calyx reputedly guards
these artifacts im our homeland, but these great fetishes
haven't been used in centuries. Some say the objects were
broken. Others, stoleri. In any case, the Inner Calyx has not
answered our questions.

"he Sacred Charge

Look out, look out apairi, cast your éyes in every direction lest
the matricide should have escaped us by stealthy flight and should
go unpunished...

— Aeschylus, The Eumenides

The young Fury sat quietly by the fire, her hostiliry
calmed. The elder watched her indulgently, an aged mother
reconciled with a prodigal. As the others watch, the two
share another drink. .As the bonfire crackled and sweet
wind stirred the trees, a red-haired beauty tilted back her
head and howled to the Mother Moon. A thin wolf,
crouched beside her, joined her, and the whole pack, homid
and lupus, began to sing the Song of Peace.

As the howl faded away, the elder continued...

oe 8

We bear the future in our bellies, in our hearts: Ours is
the cycle, ours is the blood, the bond, and the sacred charge.
We are the slayers of the cruel, the avengers of the weak,
and the protectors of the Wyld. Wolf and Woman, Maiden,
Mother, Crone. We are the Black Furies,-chosen of the
Goddess!

We are Vengeance! May the Wyrm tremble!

Artemis

Our thanks we give,

Moonshine Maiden:

Che Five Creasures of

© Huntress, Wyld Shade,

Given to us these tokens five,

seal of birthright, bond of pledge;
The Cloak, that Daughters may
confound the eye of Man;

The Salve, that Wise Ones might
anoint the wounds of sisters;

‘The Bridle, that Mothers may
réin in the Wyid in us;

The Loom, that Artisans may
weave tapestries of wisdoms;

The Bow, that Warriors might
strike down the foes of Nature.
Thanks be, Sacred Mother,
Blessed be, Sacred Friend.

Chapter Two 33


Oh, life is a glorious cycle af song,
a medley of externporanea;
and love is a thing that can never go wrong;
and I am Marie of Romenia!
— Dorothy Parker, Comment

"T don': immagine," said the elder to her pupil, "that you
know much of the Wyld, being city-born as you are."

"No," the young Fury admitted, "Outside of a few camp-
ing trips with my family, 've never really spent much time
in the woods." She glanced about. "It's...wild...-

The others laughed, but it was'a hearty laugh, not
mocking. The youngster laughed as well.:. ;

The old Fury slowly raised her arms, a sweeping gesture
that encompassed the night forest; ics branches rustling
softly,.its shadows flickering with half-hidden life. "The.
Wyld is more than Paradise tous," she said at last, "it is as
much a part of the Black Furies as the hearts beneath our
breasts..."

oF @&

Chapter Three

Che Wyle

You offered me an eagle's wirig

That to the sun I might soar and sing

And if I heard the owl's cry

Into the forest I would fly

And in its darkness find you by.

Loreena McKennit, "Samain Night"

The Wyld is beyond description; a torrent of sensation in
the heart of tranquillity. Once you have seen it, Man's cities
lose their luster. Gaia flowers in her fullest youth and
coldest splendor; life and death enmeshed in the eternal
cycle.

AWRY

WW

L

Thave walked the winding trails and felt dead brush and
living earth beneath my paws. Wyld is the hunger of a
newborn bird and the stink of arotting carcass, the brush of
leaves against your skin and the dew-jeweled spider's trap.
I have breathed the tang of green water and felt ticks in my
hair and fur. A hawk snatches its killin midair, while below
ants war over rotting flowers. Wyld is the chuckle of a
stream, the rustle of the wind, the fallen oak and the tender
sapling, the canyon's abyss and the desert silence. More
colors than the mind can name, more scents than the heart
can fathom. My ears, then,-are full of sound, and lam one
with the Mothers' hand.

Have you walked barefoot in the glens and felt the soft
kiss of dew-wet grass? Have you seen the dart of a fish
catching its morning meal inthe mirrored pond? Has your
soul capered at the sound of birdsong, or frozen at the cat-
fight scream? The whispers of the Wyld are all around us,
sister, but Man has walled them out, and all that's left is
plastic dust.

Wyld is Mother's: womb, Maiden's: playground, and
Crone's resting place, the ecstasy of life and the passion of
death. Feel them all in the bonfire's breath and the hum of
the mosquitoes. On Earth or in the spirit realm, Wyld is the
Goddess, and we, her handmaids. It is a great rhing to bea
Fury.

Life Out Of Balance

You can't just let nature run wild.
— Gov. Walter Hickel, Governor, Alaska

But as the Weaver goes mad, she spins the Wyld out of
being..-The Wyrm vomits his poisons upon Gaia. Man,
always out to prove his superiority, is all too eager to help.
You know the sharp tear of broken glass and the rusty slash
of rotting metal. Look around you; even far from the cities
the woods are littered with beer cans and shattered bottles.
Even here; we smell the sewer reek. This is not life and
death; this is sacrilege.

The Wyld is dying. Man is killing Her-

Wtan

Unto the woman he said, I will greatly multiply thy sorrow
and thy conceptiori; in sorrow thou shalt bring forth children;
and thy desire shall be to thy husband, and he shall rule over thee.

—- Genesis 3:16

"What about men?" Asked the young one. "I mean, [ve
met some real bastards, but I've known good ones; too. And
I'm not sure if... well, women have... never...

The red-haired Fury burst out laughing. "Goddess, girl,
we're not all dykes!"

The elder chuckled. "Despite popular misconception,
the Black Furies do not all forsake the company of Man. For
all his brutish, stupid, jealous ways, the bond between a
Woman and Man is as natural as that between ‘a she-wolf

36 Black Furies

LSoere,

and her mate. The male wolf simply knows his place bétter
than the human!" ;

The pack roared with laughter, then quieted as the elder
continued...

>.

We have every reason to hate Man. The catalogue of his
outrages against us would fill che Abyss. Across the worldin
recent years, Man's fear of our rising power has led us into
open war with him.

But even if Man were faithful to the Goddess,-he would
still have no place with us. Qur way is the way of Artemis,
the Virgin huntress, and her purity is our own. We shun
Man for his weakness, his place in Gaia's shadow, not for his
crimes. Naturally, we could all hardly remain virgins! Our
tribe would've died out long ago! For practical reasons, we
need Man, both wolf and human, to help carry on our line.

Wtale Companions

And I hatie loved you and hatéd you
all of mvy life
— Theories of the Old School, "For Giving"
While many of our tribe choose sisters for companions,
this is neither fair nor natural to all Furies. Though we are
forbidden to mate with male Garou, some Furies seek out
male companions outside the tribe. In times past, a sister

Re aa ——- vy


would be cast out for such an offense, but these are liberal
times, and more pragmatic. Our leaders still take a dim view
of such relationships, feeling (and rightly so!) that they risk
the safery of the pack. Bur many simply demand the sister
be discreet and careful in choosing a maté, never forgetting
that her duty lies outside the bedroom.

Man can be kind, gentle, respectful; and understanding.
Like a dog, he may be a faithful companion, but will bite,
and bite hard, if he feels himself wronged. Sadly, his
confidence is so fragile that any hint of his weakness is often
enough to bring him to homicidal rage. Man makes a:good
lap-dog, but far too often has rabies, and must be put down
for his own good.

In the end, the choice is yours..Man is not evil by nature.
The Wyrm, however, is only footsteps away from his heart.

"he Others

There are other haunters in this world, sister. You may
know their names, but I wager you haven't yet séen their
faces. If you survive the bitter years ahead, you ‘ll grow to
know therm all too well. Some we Furies count as alliés.
Others, we would sooner die than call friends.

Dampires

Vampires do exist; pawns of the Wyrm, many of them.
Any good Garou would throat therm on principle. But war
makes strange bedfellows, and 1 have known vampires I
would trust sooner than some Garou; certainly more than
a bloody Get!

Vampires have tribes, much as we do: From what I've
heard, they trace their lineage through the blood of their
sires. Though they are powerful, we can beat the young ones
in a fight. They're crafty, though, and live for centuries if
they're lucky. The old ones can bést the most powerful of
Garou, and you'd be lucky to die quickly if you met one! If
you meet a vampire, drop him hard and kill him fast!

Thave héard of one vampire tribe, called Gangrel, who
orice shared battlefields with our people centuries ago. In
the myths of the Norse, our Northern tribes called them-
selvés Valkyries. Some women among the Gangrel went by
the same name, and the two fought bitterly until they found
a common enemy in the Get of Fenris. I have heard some
Furies even call these Leeches "friend." More fools, they!

As I said, if you meét-a vampire, attack first and ask
questions later.

Wages

Our EKinfolk are nor the only ones to practice magic.
Though their numbers are small, true sorcerers exist. Be~
ware them, sister! A real mage's power is great. have heard
the strongest of them can bend reality at a touch. Fortu-
nately, they are rare.

Most wizards are cowardly, grasping creatures who raid
our sacred caerns for the foul Wyrm's magic. Only two
tribes (yes, they have tribes, too!) have the Furies' favor.
Those-W/ho-Walk-With-Dreams know the old ways, the
ways of Gaia; and the Mother has Gifted them with Her
magic. [have known shamans of this tribe, and I trust them.
"The second tribe call themselves Verbena, and we share a
common persecution.

During the Burning Times, our foremothers forged an
alliance with these Verbena for mutual protection. The
Patriarch's madness drove the Verbena underground, and
our tribes crossed paths in the cellars of the Sisterhood.
Since then, we have kept reasonably good relations with
this tribe. They know the power of Woman and follow the
paths of the Goddess.

There. is a third tribe I have encountered, a reeking
bunch of Wyrmspawn! They call thernselvwes Euthanatos,
and there is nothing good about them. Their name may be
Greek, but we have nothing in common with these mon-
sters! Kill them. if you meet them.

Wraiths

DPvealready told you about meeting the spirits of dead
women in Europe. I was not exaggerating; ghosts are real
and disturbing to encounter. The ones | have seen exude a
loneliness that makes the heart quiver. They did nothing to
harm me, and I don't know if they even could, but I pity the
soul ofanyone, Woman or Man, who achieved such a state.
Their lot must be miserable indeed.

You accused me earlier of being a toothless old wolf.
After my warnings here tonight, I'm sure your opinion
stands firm! But if I seem, perhaps, protective, it's only
because I have seen so many eager Warriors charge head-
long into needless death. We are few, my sister, my daughter,
and every one of us is a buffer between the Mother and the
Wyrm.

oe @

"he Worle of Wtan

As the moon reached the mid-point of her arc across the
night, the elder paused and glanced at two women beside
her. "Ie will be time, soon," she said. They nodded, stoad,
and walked into the darkness. "You'l understand in time,"
the elder explained as the youngster looked on in baffle-
ment; "A very short time."

Then she continue,.as if nothing had happened...

see @

Che Wyrm and the World

Wild spirit, which art moving everywhere;
Destroyer and preserver; hear, oh, hear!
~— Percy Bysshe Shelly, "Ode tothe West Wind"

Chapter Three 37

\\\

L


The Wyrm tightens his grip on the world even now. In
the Amazon, our sisters battle filthy hordes of Banespawn.
In-Central America and. the Middle East, Fury packs rise
against the Patriarch: In North America and Europe, we
struggle alongside women who see their hard-won rights
threatened by greedy politiciams and masses fearful of
change. In the East, in the Orient, something is rising that
withers the land and puzzles our allies. We're a-busy lot,
sister!

he Amazon

Have you heard of Péntex, the giant corporation that
embodies the worst in Man? Inthe Amazon jungles, Pentex
wages an all-out war on the Goddess, dumping toxic waste
and hewing the trees like weeds. Its Wyrmspawn allies carry
weapons of all kinds, mystic and material. Our sisters and
kin have joined the battle, but at great cost. You -will
doubtless be asked soon to lend your strength to the
Amazon war, but I caution you, daughter, take care. Too
many seasoned Garou have perished in the Amazon. I
advise you to wait until you have more combat experience,
if you join the fray at all. A young sister like yourself could
win great glory, but would more.likely win a painful death.

Che Chird World

In other parts of South América and in the Middle East,
the Patriarch stands strong against Woman. In those lands,
a woman who stands up for her rights may be beaten or
killed, while society and the courts wink in acceptance.
There, Woman imprisoned is W/oman violated, and Woman
wed is Woman sold. In India, a sister may be burned ta
death sirmply because her father is too poor to provide a
wedding price. This madness will not continue!

All over the world, Woman, human. Woman,. has
mounted the barricades to protest the tyranny of Patriar-
chy, the "divine right of Man." In daylight, we support their
efforts whenever possible. At night, packs of Amazons and
Merciful Mothers prowl those lands, instructing Woman
and... chastising Man. Fear may teach Man what reason
cannot.

In Aftica; the Order maintains missions to the starving,
and raises caerns to cleanse these miserable lands. Some
packs, I have heard, enforce a small Impergium there,
though they do it without tribal consent. The Freebootrers
and Amazons carve out Wyld places from the jungles and
mountains. It is said we have sisters in the Congo whose
caerns date back for centuries. I have also heard we keep
protectorates where animals thought to be extinct still
roam. Anything is possible.

Yorth America -

Not to be séxist or anything; butit's amazing how much abuse
a woman will take.
— "Slash"

38 Black Furies

gg AEP I PE TE, OPO ITE

It's about time that women learned that they aré predators,
yiot prey.

i _Diamonda Galas

I believe the term is "feminazi," a popular media térm
used to describe Woman when she dares to stride from the
kitchen and demand her due. Such an amusing phrase. The
man who coined it should avoid the Wyld, I think...

This is the problem in North .America: Although
Woman's lot is better here than in many other nations,
Man wages a shadow war in which rape, abuse, arid insult
are substitutes for outright oppression. We have tried to
bring human sociéty into line, but our limited success
breeds the resentment that Helena, Wise One of the First
Daughters, foresaw millennia ago. If there is hope for
humanity, sister, if che future begins anywhere, it is here.
But the fight is long, and difficult. So difficult...

In Alaska, a greedy government threatens our wolf-
cousins with extinction. Any man with money may prove
his manhood at the expense of our lupine kin. The Furies,
and indeed all Garou, have vowed to prepare a memorable
reception for any wolf hunters we may find...:

€urope and Asia

In our homeland things are quiet, but to the North, in
the Balkans, the earth~screams. The Patriarch rubs his
bloody hands as Man's folly fills the streets and hills with
the blood of innocents. Most detestable, most despicable of
all are the organized campaigns of rape inflicted in the
name of "ethnic cleansing." It is said there is even a black
market in videotapes of rape and torture. If this is true, Man
is utterly beyond redemption!

The Outer Calyx disparches packs to-deal with this
newest outrage even now, but there are so many evils, so
many atrocities, and we are so few...

In Russia, something brews. No one I have spoken ‘to
knows what, but some evil, sorme spawn of the Wyrm, is
loose in the land. Perhaps the Apocalypse is dawning even
now. Who knows for certain?

** @

Kuneigeseon

But we who feel the weight of the wheel
when winter falls.over our world

can hope for tomorrow and

raise our eyes to :

>

a silver moon inthe operi skies
— Leslie Fish, Hope Evyrie

Despair, palpable despair, rose ‘around ‘the fire. The
elder's voice was hoarse and weary. Hackles rose on the
young Fury's neck as the red-haired Fury and her lupine
companion began to howl softly, mournfully. "The elder
stood, her eyes glowing warmer than the firelighr. Her
voice grew strong once again, filling the clearing.

\\

b

"The Wyrm breathes down our necks as we speak! But if
the Apocalypse is here, if the final Days are upon us, ‘we are
not afraid! We are the Black Furies! The Daughters of Gaia,
Children of Artemis, Warriors, teachers, mothers, crones!
We stand defiant in the face of Man, the Patriarch, our
brothers, and the Wyrm! We are the Mother's Rage, and we
are not afraid!"

She turned to the young woman, and took her hand.
"You are one with us, sister. Welcome to the pack."

As the fire burned low and the wind stirred the forest, the
chorus joined. Each one, youngster and elder, lupine and
homid, began to howl a song to silence the wind.

The pack sang the song of Change, and women became
wolves. They sang the song of sorrow, and the spirits
mourned. They sang the song of Rage, and ‘the forest
trembled.

They sang the song of Vengeance, and the two absent
Furies released the night's prey. The hunt began.

oe @

Someone slipped the hood from his head; night -air
bathed his face, and he struggled anew. Strong, slender
hands yanked at his gag and blindfold and cut them away.
Jesus, it was good to breathe again! John Campbell sucked
in fresh air as they cut his bonds, swearing beneath his
breath. When he got back into town, he'd go straight to
Charlie's place, and rhere would some really sorry bitches
come daylight. He turned to curse them out, but they were
gone. =.

In the distance he heard a chilling wail,.a baying like a
thousand wolves. His heart burned with primal tetror.

Two nearby howls joined the cry. John's eyes widened,
and he ran.

The forest was an alien thing, battering, slashing. John
cursed, stumbling as he ran. From behind, he heard the
crash of huge bodies, hurtling through the woods... He
screamed, but nobody heard. He wept, but nobody cared.

Eyes glimmered in the moonlight, and two shapes burst
from the darkness. Black shapes, dark as sin. Huge wolves
with fiery eyes. John stumbled to a halt as the first one,
young and sleek, cut in front of him. The second, a gaunt
and limping gray-flecked beast, arced off to his left.

Heartbeats hammered in his ears. His body spasmed. His
mind went wild.

The gaunt beast glanced at the sleek monster. John
swore the young wolf nodded in return. He shrieked as two
sets of jaws snapped shut on his arms, one wolf on each
side... :

On cue, they yanked him between them like a wishbone.

Far the Arigel of Death spread his wings on the blast,

And breathed in the face of the foe as he passed;

And the eyes of the sleepers waxed deadly and chill,

And their hearts but once heaved, and for ever grew still!
— Lord Byron, The Destruction of Sennacherib

39

NAY

WW

L

len"
"ayy?

san,
ML \


Uew Black Fury Gifts

Owl Speech (Level One) —~- Black Furies may invoke
the kinship between their tribe and the owls of Athena.
This Gift combines the effects of the Galliard Beast Speech
Gift and the Philodox King of the Beasts Gift, though it
only works on owls. This Gift is common among the
Temple-Keepers of Artemis and the Sisterhood. Many of.
their Kinfolk share this Gift, and new sisters often receive
it as an initiation Gift. :

Touch of the Muse (Level Two) — With this Gift, the
Fury invokes the spirits of art and artifice, allowing her to
lower the difficulty of any Social Attribute rolls for the
duration of the scene. A Gnosis roll (difficulty 8) reduces
the difficulty of Social rolls by one per success. The roll
itself depends on what the character attempts. A poetry
reading, for example, would require Manipulation + Ex-
pression, whereas a seduction would involve Appearance +~
Subterfuge.

Flames of Hestia (Level Three) —- By spending one
Gnosis point and making a Gnosis roll against difficulty

eight, the Fury produces white flames around her hands.
These flames purify whatever they touch; cleansing tainted
food or water. They will also reduce damage inflicted by
radiation, poison, or disease by one level per success. The
flames do one level per success in aggravated damage to
Banes and fomori if the Fury scores a successful hit while

- invoking the Gift during hand-to-hand combat.

Freebooters Gift

Messenger's Fortitude (Level Three) — As the Silent

Strider Gift.

Order of the Merciful Mother Gift

Mother's Touch (Level One) —- As the Theurge Gift.

Woon-CDaughters' Gift

Moonshadow (Level One) —- With this Gift, a Daugh-
ter of the Moon may step sideways using a patch of moonlight.
In addition, the difficulty is lowered by one.

Appendix One 41

Ww

L


Uew Cites

Soothe the Scars

Level Two -

Although. the Furies pride themselves on their resil-
ience, some cruelties, such as rape or familial abuse, leave
deep spiritual wounds. This rite helps survivors heal these
wounds. With it, the Furies break down the mental blocks
that inhibit healing and channel their own strength into
the survivor's own will. The process is painful for both
healers and healed. The rite :cannot erase the memories of
the abuse, but it allows the recipient to heal her own scars
completely. Scenes involving this rite should be played for
maximum dramatic effect.

Rite of Teaching

Level Two .

This unusual tite is conducted only while in Homid
form, in the company of human women. During kuklochoros,
the Mistress of the Rite passes ancient secrets of woman-
hood to her human guests. These secrets include aspects of
sexuality, childbirth, and contraception, the primal con-
nection of Woman to the land, herb lore, and physical and
emotional healing.

Lupus Qite —
Rite of Pure Breeding

Level Two

‘This rite allows the Garou to observe a woélf or human of
the opposite sex; and determine if he or she will provide
certain desirable breeding traits: The Furies use this rite to
find likely mates for female Garou.

By spending one Gnosis point and making a roll. of
Intelligence + Primal-Urge, the Garou may determine if
mating with the wolf will produce a particular characteris-
tic. Such characteristics can-include a large litter, rhe
prevalent sex within the litter or a higher chance of Garou
heritage being passed down. The difficulty is usually seven,
but nine for determining if Garou heritage may be passed
on. If a wolf does not have the capability to breed for a
particular capacity, it mever will. However, it may be
checked for other desirable traits.

Note that the higher chance does not mean automatic.
The Storyteller should decide what the actual chance is of
a particular trait being bred, and modify it if thisrite is used
successfully.

42 Black Furies

‘Cemple of Arternis and WMoon-
(Daughters' Rite:

Rite of the Oracle

Level Two

The group pérforming this rite chooses one among them.
to be the sibyl. As the others gather in a circle around her,
the sibyl inhales the smoke of burning herbs and enters into
a trance, during which she-may gain insights from the
Goddess. The Mistress of the Rite asks a question, and the
sibyl replies enigmatically, but with truth. The Storyteller
is encouraged to make the sibyl's answers as cryptic as
possible, and players should be left to puzzle out their
import alone.

"Cotems

Though most Garou associate the Furies with Pegasus,
other Incarna favor the tribe as well. The torems below
often ally with packs of Black Furies; the Medusae and
Themis are exclusive toterns, and will refuse any other
tribe.

Totems of Respect
Che Wluses

Background Cost: 5

Some few Fury packs follow thé path of the Art Spirits,
who grant their chosen gifts of insight and grace: The Muses
usually choose a pack collectively, passing their individual
blessings (poetry, music, history,-erc.) to the most worthy
Furies. Muse pack members each gain one permanent point
to the Social Attribute of their choice, the Gift Touch of
the Muse, and one point in either Performance, Expression,
or Enigmas.

The Muses are not to be confused with Awen, the sacred
creative impulse. The Muses teach the craft amd form of
their arts, bur chey cannot engender the creative impulse.

Ban: Muse packs must devote their lives to art and
learning. They also work to defend free speech and freedom
of expression.

"otems of War
Che Weousae

Background Cost: 7
The angry spirits of the slain Firse Daughters still guide
the Bacchanmtes and many Amazons. Their Children are

\

BAI

L


terrible in their wrath, gaining Intimidation 4, 1 Glory,
the True Fear Gift, and an additional 2 points of Rage.
Medusae followers will not Fox Frenzy, only Berserk. Chil-
dren of the Medusae hate Man with unsurpassed ferocity.
Although relatively few, their extremity colors the reputa-
tion of the Furies as a whole.

Ban: Followers of the Medusae will not tolerate any
abuse from a male of any species. Insults are repaid in blood.

Panther

Background Cost: 5

Though an unusual totem for Garou, the spirit of Pan-
ther guides many packs of Freebooters, Bacchantes, and
Amazons. Panther, in her aspects of Great Cat and Black
Cat, shares an everlasting bond with Woman: graceful,
thoughtful, quick to strike, and deadly in anger. Panther
Gifts her children with Eyes of the Cat, and reduces by two
the difficulty of all rolls involving stealth, grace, or balance.
Most Red Talons and Get of Fenris despise followers of
Panther. The Bastet consider Panther packs kindred spirits
and may aid their sisters in times of need.

Ban: Panther packs must aid felines in distress. Panther
also asks her children to gather good gossip for her.

Cotems of Wisdom
Chemis, the (Drearn-Weaver

Background Cost: 6

The ancient Greeks regarded Themis as a patron of
balance and justice, of air and earth. As the balance of the
‘Triat shifted, the Dream-Weaver slipped into the gray area
between Wyld and Weaver. Her present Realm is a dream
sphere in this middle ground; aid and advice from Themis
come only through dreams.

Followers of Themis gain i Wisdom each, and one
additional point in Enigmas and Gnosis. Galliards of Themis
gain the Dreamspeak Gift and may also receive prophetic
visions (Storyteller's option), although the meaning of the
visions will be obscure. Players should interpret the dreams
themselves, rather than making an Enigmas roll.

Packs serving Themis must spend much time in the deep
wilderness, observing and meditating on the balance of the
Tellurian. They oppose injustice whenever they can. Themis
is an old spirit; Priestesses of Artemis and more traditional
Amazons often follow her.

Ban: Glass Walkers will never be chosen by Themis.
Too much of the Weaver exists in them.

Owl

Many Freebooters and members of the Sisterhood find a
friend in Owl. Many human witches consider Owl a sacred
spirit; the name "stirge" or "strega" roughly means "owl
woman", and several Gifts are said to come from Owl's
friendship with the Furies.

Appendix One 43

Unicorn

Unicorn packs tend to associate closely with the Chil-
dren of Gaia. Many of the Order of the Merciful Mother
follow Unicorn.

Fetishes

Amazon's Labrys

Level 3, Gnosis 6

In addition to doing Strength +4 in aggravated damage,
this double-headed axe can invoke the Ahroun Gift Spirit
of the Fray when used by a Black Fury, regardless of her
Auspice. The wielder must spend the normal cost to use this
Gift: one or more Gnosis point(s) per turn. This axe howls
like a banshee when used in combat against male foes.

Lash of the Furies

Level 4, Gnosis 8

These ancient whips, barbed cats o' nine tails, are reputedly
made from the guts of the Nemedian lion. Only five whips are
known to exist, and they are typically used for punishment
rather than combat. A hit from a Lash does Strength + 3 in
aggravated damage, with a difficulty of nine to soak. Wounds
from the Lash leave permanent scars. Spirits inside the Lash
ferret out the target's guilty secrets on a successful hit, and relay
this information to the Fury using the whip.


Pandora's Cox

Level 3, Gnosis 6

Sarcastically named for the Gréek scapegoat, these Boxes
trap hostile spirits. The Fury using a Box rolls the fetish's
Gnosis verses the spirit's Rage. Three or more successes will
trap the spirit in the box. A Box may contain up to ten

meme, arene

spirits. Spirits trapped in this manner tend to be ‘rather
angry, and will attack anything within range when they are
freed. Whenever the box is opened, the spirit which has
been trapped the longest will be freed.

WMerits and Flaws

Psychological
Inner Strength: (2 pt Merit)

You have the grit of a true survivor. In acrisis; your deep
reserve of determination gets you through. Reduce the
difficulty of Willpower rolls by two if struggling against
impossible odds.

Awareness
Insight: (2 pt Merit)

You recognize the inner qualities of anyone around you,

good or bad, and are not often fooled. Those using Subter- ©

fuge or similar deceits against you raise the difficulty by two,
and you reduce your own difficulties by two when trying to
figure someone out.

Other common Merits and Flaws for Black Furies in-
clude:

Berserker, Nightmares (of past abuse), Vengeance, Calm
Heart, Untamable, Animal Magnetism, Daredevil, Cursed,
Moon-Bound, True Love, and Media, Political, or Under-
world Ties.

Intolerance (of meri) cannot be taken by a Black Fury
character; it is a common tribal trait.

44 Black Furies

ANY

WwW

\ as

Black Furies pride themselves on their role as defenders play character templates for Black Fury characters. Feel free
of Woman and the Wyld. However, it takes all kinds to... to personalize them.a little, as long as. the Storyteller
protect the sacred from assault: street punks, wise old approves and beginning character creation rules are fol-

women, violent avengers, etc. Given here are five ready-to- lowed.


Street Cat Roleplaying Hints: "Attitude, attitude, attitude. Every-

an one hhas a knife behind their back, so watch your own:
Religion is your particular sore spot. Hey, life's rough, ain't
it? At the surface, you're a stone bitch, but underneath,
you're terrified of being alone. Stick close to those you trust
and save your worst pranks for those you'll never see again.
: Equipment: Switchblade, motor-
cycle jacket, 9mm automatic pistol,
flash powder, piano wire; and as-

sorted tricks.

‘and I don't give a darnn ‘bout my bad reputation!
— Joan Jett, "Bad Reputation"

Quote: I didn't like his attitude, so I spray-painted his face
to match his uniform.

Prelude: Life's a bitch for a hunchback in an orphanage.
The teasing and the nuns were bad enough, but when you
found out Father McMurry had a thing for little girls, you
were outta there.

You ran away when you were maybe twelve. You may
have been a shrimp, but you had enough attitude for
six. Running with a gang taught you street survival,
but when the guys tried to get too friendly, you were .F
gone. Survivor? Damn straight!

Playing wild child, you raked in with'a
bunch of headbangers into the~black
metal scene. Trashing churches was fun,
but deep inside you knew those crazy
bastards were onito something a lot
worse than cheap thrills. You hadn't
heard of the Wyrm then, but could
still smell it.

Your First Change scared you so
bad you huddled in an alley for a
week. You probably would've
ended up with the Bone Gnaw-
ers, but a. Moon-Daughter |
recognized you and tracked
you down.-She ‘chilled you
out and gave you'a job anda
place to crash. You've still
got an attitude, bur now
you've got a purpose.

You're not real lik-
able, and you really
don't care. Your Kin-
folk are wolf-blood
buddies | from. .the
street, and your
mentor is a long-
suffering . Fury
fated to house-
break you (or
die trying... ).

»

46


Name:
a Player:

Breed: Homia
auspice: Ragabash

eR Faqes

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Concept: Street Rat
os Physical Social ‘Mental
Pont Srrength. @e@000 Charisma @ee00 Perception, @2ee00
oa Dexterity. eeee0 Manipulation, @ooo0o0 Intelligence @@000
va Stamina @e000 Ap ay a Fee @0000 Wits, Paranoia esceoee
Talents ath Knowledge
Alertness, @e000 Animal Ken, oOo0000 Computer. o0000
Athletics. 90000 Drive. e0000 Enigmas. @e000
ft Brawl. eee00 Eriquette. oOoo0o00 | Investigation, 20000
: Dodge, S8000 Firearms. Py yerere! Law. @o000
ae : Empathy. o0000 Melee_ Knife @ee00 Linguistics Q0000
: Expression, 00000 Leadership. oO0000 Medicine 20000
Intimidation. eee00 Performance o0000 Occult @e000
os Primal-Urge 00000 Repair. E0000 Politics C0000
5 Streetwise________..6#§=§=>seeees Stealth. @e000 Rituals, e0000
: Subterfuge OOOO Survival OOOO Science 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
4 Meritor @0000 Smell of Man
a Allies e@e000 Open Seal
: : oO0000 Heightened Senses
o0000
00000
S DOOOOoOoooOg OoOoOoOoOooOooOo Fart eae
oror y ~
0o0 00 FH ooo0o0 fo ALG Gnosis sooner veeneetoaimant Wounded 2 1
OOOOOOOOoOO ew#e#o0nd0000 0 Maule 2 =
1 Wisdom tippled 5
| . COO ODS 606 NOOOOOoOOooOoo Incapacitated _
"y MOOMMMOOOO Willpower —Sa— ~Weakness ——<a—
. ny Rake em eeeee0000d0 DE ERENZY
a OOMOOOOOoO

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and rribe; Bach

a TT,

AGAINST MEN

bie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Dagabonod

i take rny shoes off and throw them in the lake,

And [ll be 2 steps on the water.

— Kate Bush, Hounds of Love

Quote: You should not have come here.

Prelade: From childhood you were an outsider, driven
by some wild passion no one could explain. You ran away
at fifteen, and scrabbled for survival in the woods. Only
fortune, will, and an uncanny animal sense allowed you to
survive. °

You awoke one night surrounded by wolves, but the
wolves did not attack. When the alpha rolled on his back
at your feet, you knew that somehow your true family had
found you.

Your Kinfolk sent for a gigantic black wolf to meet
you... The wolf became a woman, and the woman. be-
came your teacher. With her help, you underwent First
Change and learned about your kind.

You declined to join the tribe, choosing to run with
the Kinfolk pack who found you. The forest is your
mW province and your protectorate. Any trespassers learn to
respect nature in a hurry!

Concept: A true lone wolf. Spirits speak to you, but you
don't understand them yet. Your First Change came late;
you''re a little unstable and your social skills are nil. Your
powers of concentration could use a little work, too.
You are, however, a consurnmate scout, pretty good
\ ina scrap, and your years in the Wyld have given
you insight into Gaia's mysteries.

Roleplaying Hints: Though human-borri,
you are more wolf than. most wolves. You
prefer to be left alone if at all possible. You
accept your duty to -your Mother, and might

join a pack for a while to serve some greater

good. Still, even under the best of circum-
R stances, you remain in the background in
* social situations and leave the talking to
others.

Equipment: Survival Knife and the
clothes on your back.

AS

. Black Furies

a cagA AIT A Ts A EE OL AF A

"SY

a!

\ ws

=) eee Oe

Name:
Player:

Chronicle: Camp:

Physical Social
Strength. @@600 Charisma, @0000
Dexterity. eee00 Manipulation, @eo00o0
Stamina__Tough eceeee Appearance___Wild @eeee0

Talents
Alermiess, See00
Athletics. @eee00
Brawl. oo0000
Dodge. eEe0000
Empathy. @eo00o0
Expression, feletelere

Intimidation,

ooooo
Primal-OUrge. @e800
Streetwise O0000
Subterfuge. Oooo0o
Backgrounds
Kinfolk ee@00
Ooo0ooo
goooo
eoooo
ooaoo0o
Glry
oo OO CO Co ao oO eo 8
OOOO
Honor
00 00000000
OOOO oooOooo
Utstomn
0 00 00 0.00 0-0
OOOO oOOoo

|

Attrit 5 Abilid

LACK } UAUQGIES

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge

Skills
Animal Ken, @e000
Drive. LeleleceZe)
Etiquette. 00000
Firearms, e0000
Mel @0000
Leadership. oO0000
Performance feferetete!
Repair. 20000
Srealrh__ Weediands 2eee0
Survival Ne Gear eeee0

Gifts

Fersuasion

a

Pack Name:

Pack Totem:

Concept: Vagabond -
eoemcemmt

Mental

Perception, Feral S800
Intelligence. @0000
Wits ©0000
Knowledge
Computer. o0000
Enigmas. 0000
Investigation, oOooos
Law. 00000
Linguistics. oO0000
Medicine. @0000
Occult, BO000
Politics, CO000
Rituals. 20000
Science 20000

Gifts

Sense Wyrm

Heightened Senses

@@eeoo09090 0
OOOnoOOOooo
error smn COSTS —annietieonss
@ea@oooo0o°00 0 0
OOOMOOOoooo

Willpower ——enme
eee co0000 00
OOOO OCOOOCD

seen SO cape A cP Hi OA

Bruised oO
Hurt 1°
Injured 41 o
Wounded ~ 2
Mauled 2 0
Crippled 5
Incapacitated Cl
Weakness ——haane
-~1-TO FRENZY
DIFFICULTIES

AGAINST MEN

2 13/9/5 Gifes: 1 Level One from breed, auspice arid tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

Ly


Wissionary

Every finger in the room is pointing at me

IT wanna smash their faces then I get afraid

of what that could bring

—~ Tori Amos, "Crucify"

Quote: The Mother has many faces. Why can you accept
only one?

Prelude: You knew you had a vocation the day the
visions began, visitations from the Mother that only you
could see. From the pack that raised you, you learned what
itis to be an outcast. In the words of asympathetic preacher,
you learned forgiveness. From your visions of the Goddess,
you learned that even metis have a purpose.

The cries of yourhuman sisters brought you overseas,
to witness the crawling misery of starvation,
filth, and disease. Your hybrid faith — part , —
Christianity, part Goddess-worship —— sus- ‘=
tained you in the face of despair. For you, t\
the sacred Mother tempered the iron —
hand of the Father, granting forgive- j
ness through the Son. Shrugging aside
the jeers of packmates was nothing
new, and the Order offered you a
whole new pack, true sisters who
shared your dissident views.

The Holy Mother showed you
the human face behind the mass
suffering, the greed behind the
misery. You know now that
even divine forgiveness has
its limits. There are many
ways to do the Mother's
work...

Concept: You revere
the Goddess in much the
same way that medieval
Catholics honored the Vir-
gin Mary. Your faith is
genuine, and you really get
offended if other Garou
mock your religion. To
you, Christianity offers a
peace the traditional Fury
pack denies.

The Mother's spirit
follows and aids you. Your
allies are human friends
grateful for your efforts.
Great strength makes
up for your brittle
claws, but your dip-
lomatic skills often @
make fighting un-
necessary. Working

"ff

sa

ng AIT ET I PE ee ee

as a missionary has taught you a variety of useful skills, but
your wrestling prowess make even other Garou leery of
pushing you too far...
Roleplaying Hints: Practice what
you preach; stay honest, pious,
and forgiving, as forgiving asa
werewolf can be. You have ex-
cellent self-control, but the
Rage beneath your surface is
terrible to behold. Try to
maintain a balance in all
things, but when your pa-
tience is exhausted, let fly.
Disfigurement: Fragile
claws.
Equipment: Jeep,
medical supplies, flak
jacket
Csize
XML!)

A
|
|
|


Ee Fuaes

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Missionary

Name: Breed: Métis
Player: Avuspice: Philodox
Chronicle: Ae:
Physical Social
Strength eeeee Charisma, @eee0o0
Dexterity. @eee@00 Manipulation, @e@000
Stamina @e@e00 sa Abilities @0000
Talents kills
Alermess @e000 Animal Ken? o0000
Athletics o0000 Drive @eee00
Brawl__Wreetling eeee0 Etiquette. O0000
Dodge. o0000 Firearms. @e000
Empathy. @e@000 Melee o0000
Expression, o0000 Leadership. @ee00
Intimidation, o0000 Performance. COO000
Primal-Urge. @e000 Repair. @0000
Streetwise 20000 Stealth, Be000
Subcerfuge. o0000 Survival @e@000

"br ean ees
Backgrounds
Familiar Spirit ry y Yere)
fetelelete)
eoooo
oe0000
oooo0o

Arezil 7513 At

Create Element

Mental
Perception, @@e00
Intelligence, S8e00
Wits. @@ooo
Knowledge
Computer 0 OOOOO
Enigmas. C0000
Investigation, aYo0000
Law. ooo00o
Linguistics. @e@00o
Medicine @ee00
"Occult ferererere)
Politics. oo0000
Rituals o0000
Science. O0000

Regist Fain

Sense Wyrm

eeeeeoo0oo090n9a0
OOOO oOoooo
wewnnieeminreaenl oy CHOSE § <evimamntitionet
@#e7oeo0o00000.0
noooOonooOooo

Willpower ——
eeooeoeeeno0$9
OOOO

ea

Bruised a i
Hort 10
Injured os ee
Wounded 2 0
Mauled 2 ©
Crippled 5s ©
Incapacitated Q
-~Weakness ——aam
-1 TO FRENZY
DIFFICULTIES
AGAINST MEN

bie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Back

A TT,

|


‘War singer of your life. Isn't that what life is for?

Roleplaying Hints: Life is a long song.

Come waké the dead Sing well and with gusto. Everyone's your
ith li buddy unless they prove otherwise. Why ,
with a scream of life bitch and moan? ‘Take pride -in Z A

And battle the ghosts at play
Jethro Tull, "No Lullaby"
Life is serious, burt art is fun!
~~ John Irving, The Hotel
New Hampshire

Quote: Noisé? You've got no. vision!
Noise to you, magic to me!

Prelude: Mother always loved you
best; you had a howl she couldn't
ignore. When you grew to adult-
hood, you were the alpha's choice
until a huge black wolf with reddish
streaks beat him down and carried you
off.

Life as. a wolf bored you: When you"
learned. to shapeshift, you found out
why. Life was better on two legs, more
exciting, more challenging. The chants
of your Moon-sisters and the thunder of
human music stirred a passion to sing,
to dance, to fight. Creation is -the
Mother's bounty, and you're deter-
mined to sample every bit of it!

Concept: A. mystic hedonist.
Though you were raised a wolf
and trained a witch, your heart
belongs to the wild night. Your
life, for a werewolf, has been
easy. And even the toughest
fight is like a party to you. Yeu
have' tremendous untapped
power, but little discipline. It . " allt
will take a major tragedy to "" y
bring you:-down, and even ¢
that might not work! —_ 2

Unlike most lupus;.™ 2
you love -humans. You" know
your way in the woods, but they
bore you. Rituals, whether the
moots of the Moon-Daugh-
ters or the postures of MTV, Q-
are your lifeblood. You
learned to play
guitar, and you
play damn well.
Your wolf-cousins
view you with distaste,
but you're having the time

yourself, watch the shad- —

ows, and kick

ee,

the

Wyrm's ass!
Equipment?
Trench knife, sawed-off shot-

gun, serious collection of guitars,
amps and hard-rock CDs.

352

a

> AN

\

WW

\ wa

ee Fraes

Name: Bréed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice:. Galliard Pack ‘Totem:
Chronicle: Aes. Concept: Warsinger -
Physical Social Mental
Strength: SeG00 Charisma, @eeeeo Perception, @0000
Dexterity. eee00 Manipulation, @eee00 Intelligence OOOO
Stamina, @e@e00 Ap ee ab litioc @@e00 Wits. e@ee00
Talents kills Knowledge
Alertness. @@000 Animal Ke: 00000 Computer 00000
Athletics. oo0o000 Drive ee000 Enigmas, @0000
Brawl] e@eee00 Etiquette. 20000 Investigation, e0000
Dodge. e0000 Firearms. oo0000 Law. 20000
Empathy. oo0000 Melee. @e0000 Linguistics. o0000
Expression, e@ee00 Leadership. 00000 Medicine o0000
Intimidation, @e@000 Performance_Gultar eeee0 Occult, BO000
Primal-Urge. @0000 Repair. @0000 Politics, O0000
Streerwise. @ee00 Stealth, B0000 Rituals, O0000
Subterfuge. E0000 A ee000 Science. C0000
waian oem azic oe ese
Backgrounds Gitts Gifts
Resources @e000 Leap of the Kangarco
Contacts ee000 Call of the Wyld

00000 Sense Wyrm

o00000

00000

Gi .
eo OOO OO OO Oo eoeeoeoee 00090 Bruised io
OOM oOoOooo OOOO Inj a —
00000835 0000 ht GTS iS rete Wounded 2 0
NOOOOOOOOO eweeoo000000 Moles 2 J
Wisdom . Ppice "
006 OS 6-6 6 OOOOOOOOOeC Incapacitared oO
OOOO Willpower —Ka— ~Weakness ——Lesm
a Rake em @eeaeoeeeeoo°0n I UENZY
oooooooooo ACAINS TY Mund

Attrit US5/3 Abilia

13/9/58 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice arid tribe; Backer

a oe

bie Poines: 15 (7/5/2/t)

|


Qadical

A revolution is not a dinner party... it ‘cannot be so..
refined, so leisurely and genteel, so temperate, kind,
courteous, restrained: :..A revolution is :
an insurrection, an act of violence
by which -one class overthrows
another.

= Mao Tse-tung

Quote: The time for reason
is past. If we can't share power,
we'll take it!

Prelude: Your father was‘a WY brutal
man who beat his wife whenever he felt like it, and
your brothers followed his example. Dealing with them.
taught you how to fight: One night, your father went too
far. pen . : a
Murdering your father isa hell of a way to usher in your
First Change. When the haze cleared, you stood naked
amidst the gore. Two huge black wolves were standing
beside you; they calmed you, cleaned you; and guided you
out into the first night of your new life.

Werewolf or no, you are unable to curn your back on
other women. Your passion and charisma have made you a
formidable leader despite your youth. You have enough
skills and resources to make you an asset to your pack and
a terror to macho bastards everywhere.

Conéept: A born leader. You've got a carload of horror
stories about men, and a carload of guilt ower your family.
These fuel an endless crusade.

Despite your rather narrow view (hence your low Per-
ception), you are charismatic and can be an engaging
speaker, as long as you avoid certain subjects. You are
absolutely convinced that your sisters, your children, and
the earth itself must be protected from men atall costs. Your
contacts, allies, and many of your Abilities derive from
your activities.

Roleplaying
liever, with
an -hon-
est

\

WY

Hints: You're a true be-

oa ":

concern for
those around you and a
to go ona rant. Injustice is
a personal affront. Put your best face .
forward... to win others to your cause, but
watch out for that awful temper of yours ...
Equipment: Political literature, camera,
light revolver.

54 /
Z

——

réendency

= EX Fuaes

Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
Player: Avspice: Ahroun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: ae. Concept: Radical
Physical Social Mental
Strength. S@000 Charisma, Se@ea0o0 Perceptiori @BO000
Dexterity. ee6¢00 Manipulation, @eeee0o Intelligence. @ee00
Stamina. ee000° a 4 eee00 Wits. @e@000
Talents Ah Knowledge
Alertness @@000 Ariimal Ken eo0000 Computer 900000
Athletics. @0000 Drive. e@e000 Enigmas. E0000
Brawl, @eee@00 Etiquette, S2e8e00 Investigation, o0000
Dodge. a0000 Firearms, ee000 Law. @e@000
Empathy. 00000 Melee eE0000 Linguistics. o0000
Expression... @ BOO Leadership__ Speeches ee8e0 Medicine o0000
Intimidarion___. @eeooo Performance @ee000 Occult, Q20000
Primal-Urge O0000 Repair. oo0000 Politics, eee00
Streetwise. o0000 Stealth. O0000 Rituals, oO0000
Subterfuge @eo0000 a 450 ene KOIOOOO Science. o0000
Backgrounds - Gitts Gifts
Allies eee00 Fersuasion
Contacts @e@e@000 Razor Claws
Kinfolk @0000 Sense Wyrm
90000
o0000
ecm nag eS ETT A HE PUP
COO O FOO Oooo £eeeeeooce Bruised oo
NOOO OOOO Inj 3 —
eooooo coo 0 8 las CHOSE S emenennmtlntionar Wounded 2° 01
NOOO eeo0000 000 Mouled | 2 =
Wisdom CI ripplec 5
ooo oon GS 0.600 NOOOooOooo Incapacitated
oo Rake a @eeeeoo0000.n Bene
OOOO OCICIcOCI AGAINST MEN

2/3/3 Abiliti

13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Bone by bone, hair by hair, Wild W/oman comes back. Through night
dreams, through events half understood and half remembered, Wild
Woman cores back.

— Clarissa P; Estes, Women Who Run with the Wolves

Jona Kinslayer_anod
Ceiresias the Wise

These elders gained fame during the Nazi occupation of
Greece, battling the Germans and saving one of the Furies'
most powerful caerns, the Sept of Bygone Visions, from the
Wyrm..(See Caerns: Places of Power.)

Ilona, an Artisan of the Outer Calyx; is a stern and elderly
Priestess of the Temple. She earned her name by killing her
own Bane-tainted Kinfolk. .An excellent tactician, Iona
provides advice and shelter for Freebooters worldwide. She

56 Black Furies

has a dry wit arid little patience for fools. Her outspoken
ways and ill temper have made her unpopular among the
Furies.

Teiresias, the blind sage, is the highest-ranking male in
the tribe. He sacrificed his eyes to Nazi torturers, but
retained the power to bind potent spirits to Ecube, the
island caern. Though nearly eighty years old, Teiresias'
perceptions are keen and his wits dagger sharp. He mumbles
constantly at the spirits who surround him, but offers clear
council to anyone who listens. Many metis revere him, but
it's unlikely that many would pay the price he has.

Ww

L


Althea @aneslayer

The Gréat Mother of the loner Calyx is an aged three-
legged lupus with a gaze that could pierce steel. Though her
charisma and mediating skill are legendary among the
Furies, she was once a great warrior. Artisans still sing of her
battles in the East, where she led a band of Amazons against
the Wyrm in China, Burma, and Cambodia. She lost a leg
to a land mine, but still travels the world with an escort of

hellhounds, huge Kinfolk who can breath fire. Althea is
known for appearing when she is least expected.

She has -great compassion: and often appears from the
Umbra bearing food for needy humans or spiritual aid for
desperate Garou. Althea ‘has attained the stacus of a sort of
Black Fury Santa Claus, odd as that sounds, and some think of
her more as an Incarna than an elder. Nevertheless, she is very
much alive, and quite powerful. Woe to the human, Garou, or
Wyrmspawn who strains her considerable patience.

Appendix Three S7


N

Shin
LP SY

« -
Sister Judith Paws-Of-
Light

A metis Wise One of the Order of the Merciful Mother,
Sister Judith displays eerily accurate foresight and a power-
ful bond with the living land. Rumors tell of Sister Judith
raising new saplings from desert dust and healing advanced
cases of leprosy. Light blazes from her snow-white paws as
she works her potent Gifts; some even say she can banish
Banes with a command. Such stories are doubtless wishful
thinking, but most Furies concede that Sister Judith holds
special favor with the Mother.

She is reputed to have skinned Iraqi soldiers alive during
the occupation of Kuwait, and slaughtered Israeli and PLO
fighters alike to save innocents caught in a crossfire. Fury
gossips claim Sister Judith has gone into Bosnia to put an
end to racial cleansing.

Many Garou claim that Sister Judith is a myth, a tale
created to glorify the Order of the Merciful Mother. Others
maintain that they have seen the Pale Fury with their own
eyes, and that the Spirit of Blessed Mary guides her hand.
Only her sisters in the Order, and the Goddess herself,
know the truth.

arr oes
DANN

Wari Cabrah

An urban Amazon, Mari stalks the neon-drenched maze
of New York, hunting Bane and corrupt human alike.
Abused as a teen-ager, Mari is sworn to protect other girls
from the pain she suffered. She runs a self-defense dojo,
teaching martial arts to any women who wants to learn.
Though she prefers to live alone, she has taken more than
a few young runaways under her wing, teaching them to
stand on their own before sending them back into the
world. .

Mari has a soft spot for kids and a special hatred for urban
predators. Among the Garou she is known for her sharp
tongue, fighting prowess, and keen familiarity with the
Weaver's jungle. She once ran with an inter-tribal pack
called the Guardian Rage. Mari remains bitter about the
split, and has taken on a sour attitude towards packs in
general.

AN

ee gg
Dolcheka Jbarruri

Her first name means "wolf-lover;" her last is a tribute to
a Spanish revolutionary. This up-and-coming young Fury
wages a personal war against the wolf-hunters of Alaska.
She rarely kills her prey; she prefers to maim them and leave
them bleeding on the outskirts of a nearby town..Her
psychological warfare has already taken a toll on the hunt-
ing trade...

The Alaskan authorities fear a band of radicals has taken
up-terrorism in the forests,.but Volcheka wages a lone
crusade, even disdaining the help of other Garou. Her
immunity to the Arctic cold and seeming ability to control
winter storms leads some to believe she serves the Wendigo
totem. Volcheka already seems a legend; more Furies know
of her by reputation than can ever claim to have met her.


A

Julisha of the Chousand

Vas

This African Pury is-rumored to belong to the Inner
Calyx, bur no one (except the Calyx themselves) knows for

sure. She is reputed to be a mistress of disguise and infiltra-
tion. Ragabash to the core, Julisha's deadly pranks are

known the world over.

Some claim Julisha has aunique Gift that allows her to

thange shape into anything she desires. Her calling card, a
miniature Zulu war mask, is said to have greeted Robert

Allred himself as he fluffed his pillow. The explosion killed
six Pentex employees, but not, regrettably, Allred

A\\ \ i

mare

ree

fe


~—— Brick Fumes

<a

WName: Breed: Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:
Physical Social Mental
Strength oo0000 Charisma, oo0000 Perception, O0000
Dexterity. 00000 Manipulation. oOo0000 Intelligence__. OOOO
Stamina o0000 Appearance oo0000 Wits. : oo0000
eee ee AA ADI ities ence ene Lorna
Talents Skills Knowledge
Alertness o0000 Animal Ken. oo0000 Coémputer. oO0000
Athletics 00000 Drive o0000 Enigmas, oOo0000
Brawt oo0000 Etiquette o0000 Investigation. oo0000
Dodge o0000 Firearms BO0000 Law. 00000
Empathy. oo0000 Melee oo0000 Linguistics, oOo0000
Expression, o0000 Leadership. ooo00°0 Medicine oo0o000
Intimidation. O0000 Performance O0000 Occult oO0000
Primal-Urge oo000 Repair. DOO00 Politics ao0000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, O0000 Rituals VOO0000
Subterfuge O0000 Survival ooa00o Science Patetetsts!
Backgrounds . Gifts Gifts

o0000

o0000

fexerererel

o0000

forererete)

Glory i ci
NOOO OOOOOCI HOO OCOCOCICIC urt -
Honor . iiajured. = ae
00 0 0 OO O OO Om GOSS mene lamar Wounded = -2 0
NOOOOOoOOoOO coooeo0 eo OOo Mauled | 2 =
Wisdom tipple 5
S60 0 "6 0.0 6 NOOO OOMICICIes Incapacitated ol
MOOD COCo ~Willpower -——H— Ceeeem Ce aktite 5 5 mmm Lonanee
—T* Rank —— am ooooo oOo Oo oO oO eee
OO CIO OIC AGAINST MEN

Attributes: 7/5/3 Abilities: 13/9/5 Gifts: 1 Level One from breed, auspice and tribe; Backgrounds: 5; Fréebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)


Breil 3 hoe

——Homir# Glabro— ‘Crinos—4 Hispo——~ Lu pus——ow
Strength (+2). Strength C4). Strength.(+3)_ 0 Strength (+1)
on Stamina (+2). = Dexterity: (#2). Dexterity (+2)
Change Appearance et a Stamina. AG +3) Stamina. (+2)

oe Manipulation © > an Manipilarion ( § -3 3) Manipulation (-3)__

a

i Manipulation Ce
Difficulty: 6 Difticaley: 7 Difficulty: € 6

Ditficuley: 7 Difficulty: 6

wren Other Craits —_Z woe Fetishes -wamcuemcmeLomtiorsne

feTerererererers) Item? (1) Dedicated - Level Gnosis

[ereleleleielele)
eooo0o00o0o
Ooodoo000o
O90000000
oooo0o0o0o0o0
oo0000000
oOoodo0o0o0o0o
OoOo000o0o
oOo0d000000
ooo0o0o000go
Oooo0o0o009s
[eletelereleiel se
OD0d00000
feteteltelelelele)
eoooo0009o
oOooo0ocoso
ecetecelelelel es)
goo0000 00
aeo0coeo0o0o0o
[sletel el elels ie.
oOoo0ooo0ocg

Power.

Teer: (Cl) Dedicared Level Gnosis
Power

Ttem: (C] Dedicated » Level Gnosis
Power.

Trem: EC Dedicated . Level Gnosis

Power.

esrwnemrwnammcaare wit it gl R ath Rites aie Lit as

VAAN

a a

Maneuver/Weapon. Roll Difficulty Darmage Range Rate Clip Brawling Chart gc
Rell Diff - Damage

Bite Dex + Brawl 5 Strength +17

Body Slam Dex + Brawl 7 Special

Claw Dex + Brawl - 6 Strength + 27

Grapple Dex + Brawl - 6 Strength

Kick Dex + Brawl 7 Strength + 1

Punch Dex + Brawl .6 Strength
+ These manetivers do aggravated damage-

Armor:


— "Brick Faaes ——f)

Nature: Demeanor:

Merit ype Cost Flaio Type Bonus

wea CXPANCED CF. ackground Oe oe

Allies Qesources
Contacts Pure Breed
"
Kinfolk : Past Life Zz
Mtentor Pack Cotem
woumrrmarrvem SS POSSESSIONS wemm Jato eA Experience na
Gear (Carried) TOTAL:

Equipment (Owned)

\

Gained From:

Name TOTAL SPENT:

Caern Location Spent On:
Level Type

Totem
Leader


7 Back Fucses— =

Prelude

N\

j

Age
Hair
Eyes
Race
Nationality.
Sex

Height Weight
Homid Battle Scars

Glabro

Crinos

Hispo Metis (Deformity
Lupus

Pack Chart Character Sketch

We aarwan___. —-\yy

Teel


ruries

WW 3051 $10.00

i)

iplates ISBN 1-56504-093-7
99579 05051" "G

ie)
