# File: Blood-Dimmed Tides.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

«A WORLD OF DARKNESS SOURCEBOOK


CREDITS

Authors: Sean Jaffe, Clayton Oliver, Ethan
Skemp, Adam Tinworth

Developer: EthanSkemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney
Art: Andrew Bates, Joe Corroney, Steve
Prescott, Jeff Rebner, Alex Sheikman, Drew
Tucker

Cover Art: Steve Prescott

Cover Design: Pauline Benney

copyright concerned.

Check out White Wolf online at

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, World of Darkness Blood-Dimmed Tides, Hengeyokai
Shapeshifters of the East, Freak Legion, Book of the Wyrm,
Haunts, The Vampire Storytellers Companion, Wolves of the
Sea, Wraith the Great War, Sea of Shadows, The Changeling Players Guide, Immortal Eyes Shadows on the Hill and
Technomancer's Toybox are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES


__A_A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

$6
ae
oS

CONTENTS S) 2

AND IESE © GIVEUP HER DEAD
INTR nue ON: RISING TIDES

CHAPTER ONE; SEAS OF DARKNESS

CHARTER incite

REfe SPINNING TARNS
x

CHAPTERFDUR: LURKERS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

=
3



—_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

AND THE SEA SHALL
GIVE UF HER DEAD

Commander Jaime Rodriguez, United States Coast
Guard, hates the sea. It's a horrible sentiment, he
knows, for a man in his position, but he's never felt
anything but hatred and contempt — and, yes, more
than a little bit of terror — for the thing that defines
his existence. On a night like this, he can almost
imagine that the sea returns the sentiment.

USCGC Thetis, Rodriguez' ship, plows doggedly
through the 25-foot waves of the Caribbean at 14
knots, an excellent speed to be making in some of
the worst weather of the decade. She's a good vessel,
270 feet of solid Pittsburgh steel, and the 103 men
and officers of her crew are some of the best in the
Coast Guard, certainly the best their captain has
ever served with.

Rodriguez doesn't give a damn about that just now.
He'd rather be anywhere but where he is. His mind's
eye still holds the last satellite weather image received
before lightning blew the main communications mast
to hell and gone. There isn't a clear patch of sea for a

good 200 miles in any direction. Rodriguez can imag-
ine the situation in the Bahamas, the Keys, southern
Florida: mass exoduses away from the coast, families
huddled in bathrooms or basements... wives and chil-
dren and parents praying for his crew to come back.
Don't think about that, he tells himself.

The captain turns away from the railing, unsnaps
his safety line, and steps back onto Thetis' bridge. Back
to work. "XO, status?"

The executive officer of Thetis is Lieutenant Com-
mander David Jordan. He's served under Rodriguez for
over a decade now, and they've developed an eerily
smooth partnership. Jordan looks up from the chart
table to meet his captain's gaze, and his own eyes say
Skipper, we are well and truly fucked.

Rodriguez nods curtly and jerks his eyes at the
bridge crew. Don't I know it. But don't say it that way.
Morale.

Jordan clears his throat. "Damage control party's
almost finished rigging a temporary radio antenna.

av' VN YW VY YW WY WY WY VY ey ov vo rv Vv

AND THE SEA SHALL GIVE UF HER DEAD


A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_+4

We've still got GPS feed on our own position and the
target's still broadcasting too. Good Lord willing and
the creek don't rise any higher," one corner of his
mouth quirks up in an ironic smirk, "we'll be on her in
another half-hour."

The target. Don Diego Santiago, a Spanish-flag
tramp freighter whose captain either didn't read or just
plain ignored the weather reports that all but screamed
for every sensible shipmaster in the Caribbean to head
for the nearest port. Four hours ago, Thetis was within
five minutes of dropping anchor in a sheltered Baha-
mian cove when the Santiago's distress call came in. A
seam in the freighter's forward hold, patched one too
many times instead of replaced in dry dock, had split
and water was pouring in through a three-foot gash in
the hull. In calmer seas, the ship might have been able
tomake the Dominican Republic or Puerto Rico under
her own power. In this weather, it's a coin toss as to
whether Thetis will reach the Santiago in time to take
the crew off before she goes down.

"XO, grab a vest and a safety line. We're going to
go inspect that antenna."

Jordan quirks an eyebrow, but he follows Rodriguez
back out onto the weather deck, pausing to pull on an
orange rain slicker. He snaps the free end of his lifeline
onto the railing and gives it an experimental tug —
he's long since learned Rodriguez' viewpoint on safety.

Once the door to the bridge shuts behind them,
the captain turns, running a hand over his ba
bad off are we, Dave?"

The XO considers fi
spooked at losing

tie-down chains we cou
there's no way she'd fly right now, g
that, it looks like losing most of, mmo mast was
inevitable — metal fatigue t as in the mainte-
nance logs from three months back." Jordan pauses
for a moment, frowning. "How are you holding up,
Skipper?"

Going after three for three, Rodriguez wants to say.
He settles for a grimace which he thinks is a grin.
"Fine, Dave. Upholding the family tradition of brave
service on the sea." And dying on it. Granddad fighting
at Midway, Dad saving a tanker off the coast of Maine...
and my sorry ass looking for a ship full of idiots in the

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

middle of Hurricane Harry. One more empty coffin. He
turns his head and spits, clearing his mouth of salt
spray and the taste of fear. "Let's go check on that DC
party."

Atop the ship's superstructure, two seamen in life
vests and soaked coveralls crouch over a temporary
antenna from the ship's stores. A battery-powered drill
whines in protest as it forces home a last screw. The
leader of the damage control team glances up and snaps
a brief salute to the captain. "All done here, sir.
Probably won't get anything long-range but this oughta
give us enough coverage for five or ten miles."

"What about radar, son?"

The seaman winces. "Hard to say, sir. That one's
gonna be a little harder to fix. I don't rightly know as
we can get it done in seas like this. Got some exposed
wiring bundles that we've gotta re-route."

Rodriguez nods curtly. "Understood. Get below
and dry off. Well done."

"Thank you, sit!" The seaman slaps his assistant on
the shoulder. "You heard the captain, let's go."

Jordan eyes the replacement antenna warily. "Jesus,
Skipper, this looks like something m; i

. I'm getting
is coming
tand it. It's
ot making
Ck... 1
s. He grabs a spare headset
in time to hear "—eat, this
tago to American Coast Guard ship.
attack, can you assist?"
The captain leans over the microphone and keys
the "transmit" switch. "Santiago, this is USCGC Thetis.
We are en route to your position. Who is attacking
you? Over."

"Coast Guard, we are holed at the waterline and
sinking rapidly. Can you help us?"

Rodriguez hammers the radio console with his fist.
"Santiago, say again who is attacking you!"

A long moment of silence as the radio operator on
the Santiago keys his microphone without speaking. A
sharp, staccato hammering sound comes over the ra-


dio. "—nable to ... —ack from pira— ... dead me—" A
blast of static cuts off the transmission as something
out in the storm flares red-orange. Moments later, a
long, rolling crash echoes across the water.

The captain stands silent for a long minute. "XO,"
he says slowly, "sound ‘general quarters.' All hands to
the arms locker by sections, and send two men to
unmask the deck gun for action."

Ignoring the commotion on the bridge, Rodriguez
picks up a set of light-amplifying binoculars and walks
out onto the weather deck again. He leaves his safety
line behind. In a few moments, he thinks, being swept
overboard will be the least of his worries. The captain
raises the glasses to his eyes.

The Santiago is burning fore and aft, her super-
structure a shattered wreck. As Rodriguez watches,
two crewmen leap into the ocean. Neither one is
wearing a life vest.

Rodriguez sweeps his line of sight across the seeth-
ing water. For a moment, the ghost-gray vessel blends
into the sea and sky well enough that his gaze passes
over it before his mind grasps its shape.

The ship is a DDE, a destroyer escort, all long
since broken up for scrap or sold to third-world

WO—=. "Tl A "ey

a
7 me, nations. Rodriguez knows the type from family al-

. bums, photos of his grandfather's service in the Pacific.
jis She's lean, swift, and carries a half-dozen guns to

Thetis' one. The storm is abating, and the captain can
clearly see the black flag fluttering from the warship's
mast, can even pick out figures on her deck and
bridge. As he watches, the nameless vessel cuts loose
with another salvo, hammering the doomed Santiago.

In the strobe-like flashes of fire from the other
ship's guns, Rodriguez can see the faces of the other
ship's crew. A few of them have noticed the ap-

i proach of Thetis and are turning to appraise the new
eas arrival. Something cold and slimy reaches up from
— the depths of memory to caress his soul.

sree

When the captain was ten years old, he had a
> nightmare about his father. In the dream, Javier
Rodriguez returned from his cold, wet grave to be with
his son. His flesh was bloated and gray, his proud blue

} i) NN } uniform was tattered and torn, and crabs crawled in
\ "4. and out of the empty sockets from which they had
Za eaten the eyes. Javier opened his mouth to speak and
Za Ke the only thing to emerge was a hoarse, rasping sound
N and a tiny fish. Then, slowly: "Jaime. She let me come
Ax back for you, son."
Through his spotting glasses, Rodriguez locks eyes
XS —3¢ 4 with the captain of the nameless ship as they gauge each
\ \\ #4 — other's strength and he knows that, even were their
\ h\ 5 4 N by vessels equally matched, he could not fight this battle.
\S The sea has brought his father back to him.

TS A A A AS ED. GER Fa GE, AS, SD AE. (A ee I AT,
AND THE SEA SHALL GIVE UP HER DEAD



—_A _A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

INTRODUCTION:
RISING TIDES

Turning and turning in the widening gyre

The falcon cannot hear the falconer;

Things fall apart; the center cannot hold;

Mere anarchy is loosed upon the word,

The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned;

The best lack all conviction, while the worst

Are full of passionate intensity.

— William Butler Yeats, "The Second Coming"

Ghost ships. Half-glimpsed leviathans. Heartless,
alien predators oblivious to pain or fear. Drowned men
walking the rotten decks of sunken galleons. Cold,
lightless chasms where no human can survive — and
yet something does.

If you didn't think the oceans were a valid setting
for a horror story, maybe you should reconsider.

It's easy to see how some people consider the land
the end-all and be-all of their existence. After all, you

can't farm the sea; you can't walk on it, can't shape it to
your liking, and above all you can't even survive under-
water for long.

Although the oceans might seem a bit, well —
empty at first, it doesn't take long to realize that first
impressions aren't everything. The seas are an excel-
lent setting for a horror story, as Peter Benchley found
out a while back — to say nothing of Lovecraft and his
peers before him.

ww VT YT VY VO WY OY YY YY YY VY VY WW VW VY

INTRODUCTION: RISING TIDES


WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

You want references? Look at the source mate-
rial available; cinema alone is full of possibilities.
Jaws is one of the finest horror movies of all time.
The Abyss, Deep Star Six and Leviathan all offer
ideas for what might be found on the sea floor.
Dead Calm was based on the "nowhere to run"
premise of being adrift at sea. There are about a
thousand Caribbean pirate movies that offer his-
torical figures and plot ideas for Wraith stories.
Just wandering your local video store should turn
up plenty of potential inspiration.

Then there's literature. H. P. Lovecraft alone
(notably "Call of Cthulhu" and "The Shadow Over
Innsmouth") could inspire some of the most terrify-
ing stories you'll ever tell. Mutiny on the Bounty and
The Caine Mutiny are much more about desperation
and madness than they are about rebellion, and
both are stories that could only happen in the
isolation of the sea. "The Rime of the Ancient
Mariner" is a classic look at the cursed at sea— more
than a little appropriate for your next Vampire or
Wraith game. Even Moby Dick has a lot to offer a
horror game — would you really have wanted to be
aboard the doomed Pequod?

Finally, don't forget a good old book of folklore: If
your players aren't stirred by names like the Marie
Celeste and the Flying Dutchman — well, now's your
chance to change that.

Convinced yet? Good. Come on in.

HOW 10 USE THIS BOOK

Although it's a fact that virtually all the major
players in the World of Darkness tend to rely on
humanity in some capacity or another, there are
some who've managed to strike out on their own
into the far vaster world of the seas. This book deals
with those individuals, whether the hermit Gangrel
who have given up on land existance in disgust, or
the reclusive and regal merfolk who subsist on dreams
almost entirely different from those of humanity. To
be sure, these individuals don't have much influ-
ence over the rest of the World of Darkness, and
can't effect too many changes on humanity and its
works. Nonetheless, there's something to be said for
the silent depths and the alien worlds found there.
The sea's song is very, very inviting — and this book
is all about the supernatural creatures, alive or


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

undead, that have heeded that call in the World of
Darkness.

World of Darkness: Blood-Dimmed Tides can be
used in one of two primary ways: to take your usual
group of characters into the ocean for the space of a
story or two; or to run a story (or possibly even a
chronicle) in a primarily aquatic setting, with charac-
ters such as merfolk or Void Engineers. The choice is
yours, really.

Chapter One: Seas of Darkness is a primer of sorts
on the ocean; it certainly can't top a full oceanography
course, but it's an excellent starting point for staging
an aquatic story. In addition to the basics, there's also
detail aplenty on where the World of Darkness' oceans
vary from our own, with Umbral rules and other notes
peculiar to the game environment.

Chapter Two: Denizens takes a look at the five
main supernatural groups in the World of Darkness,
and the specific adaptations each of them have made
to surviving the black deeps.

Chapter Three: Spinning Yarns is a guide to
telling stories using the rules and background in this
book. It includes advice both on single stories fea-
turing existing characters, and on running stories
and even chronicles with specifically ocean-going
characters.

Chapter Four: Lurkers presents the terrors of
the deep, whether gilled fomori or pelagic beasts
left over from the beginning of time. There's also
advice on using such creatures to best effect in your
games.

Finally, the Appendix contains some quick-and-
dirty systems for swimming, weather conditions, and
yes — drowning.

AFINAL WORD

It can be pretty easy to fall into the "Aquaman"
syndrome, particularly if you live someplace land-
locked and your players haven't seen much more of the
ocean than the occasional National Geographic spe-
cial or Baywatch episode. You know what we mean —
the point when the group starts chuckling about using
Animalism to "call their finny friends" or making
campy Red Lobster jokes. In that light, the thought of
telling horror stories with an oceanic backdrop might
seem kind of silly.

We'll try to convince you otherwise.

INTRODUCTION: RISING TIDES

"=
Il


NG
\y
\™ me
ZZ »
CA, Sw ag g
fj MS) rd
| FAY
(T)


—A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHAPTER ONE:
SEAS OF DARKNESS

I believe what the prophets said

That the oceans hold their dead

But at night when the waves are near
They whisper and I hear"

— Savatage, "The Wake of Magellan"

In all of our stories written and told about the sea, man
loves the sea, fears it, needs it, is repulsed by it, or tries to
control it and inevitably fails. He never, ever understands it.
It is common knowledge that, despite our incredible techno-
logical advances, this has not changed much. Even expert
oceanographers admit that there is much more "out there"
that what we know. Prone to look to the skies as we are, this
same concept translates into a sense of wonder when we
consider outer space — but under the waves, it can become
more of a sickly gut feeling.

There is a distinct reason for this. The blue-green waters
which gave life will just as quickly claim it when the unwary
venture into the murky depths. The oceans of the World of
Darkness are simultaneously deadly and fragile — much
more so than the "mundane" waters of our own world.

THE CHAIN OF BEING

Much like the rainforest or savannah, the web of life
undersea is connected by very strong strands. Everything,
from tiniest diatom to the largest Rokea warrior, serves an
equally important purpose in keeping the chain of life going.
In the mundane ecosystem, energy from the sun is absorbed
by the smallest creatures (plankton) and makes its way down
the chain as shrimp eat plankton, squid eat shrimp, fish eat
squid, and so on up to the largest creatures such as humans,
sharks and whales.

The supernatural energy that runs through the world
(called Gnosis, Quintessence, Chi and a host of other
names) is distributed in a rather different fashion. The
energy of the world pools in various areas much like nodes

vvovvvevvyvvyvvyvvyvwvyvwywywVysséit'W?y?it'W'Y? VvywWyéiy VW

CHAPTER ONK: SEAS OF DARKNESS


or caerns; most of these are dark undersea caverns called
Grottoes. These Grottoes supply raw energy to a highly
specialized race of very rare creatures called Rorqual. The
Rorqual are a strange, supernatural form of cetacean, half
spirit and half flesh. These creatures (which are physically
indistinguishable from other whales and dolphins) are
able to gather and process the Grottoes' energy. They do
so and supply this quintessence to the creatures of the
deep — merfolk, murdhuacha, Rokea, and the like — that
may need it.

The Rorqual are a mystery to most occult scholars.
Some claim they are shapeshifters from a time before
humans were born; others believe they are Kami, Gaian
spirits inhabiting flesh bodies much in the same way that
Banes inhabit fomori. All Rorqual (although this is not
a great number; some speculate that there are mere
dozens at the most) are quite sentient, with strange and
varied powers. Some can even take a human form, but
the vast majority of their abilities are geared specifically
toward taking the raw power of the Grottoes and distrib-
uting it, usually though touch, to the native creatures.
Rokea can regain up to five points of Gnosis from a
Rorqual, and fae can harvest the same amount of Glam-
our. Naturally, this vital service keeps the Rorqual safe
from many oceanic natives, including the depraved
Murdhuacha. The death of a Rorqual is the death of all

A_A _A _A_A_<A4

those whom it would feed with its power — and one
never knows who that could be.

Sadly, there are still those willing to claim all the
Rorqual's power for their own. The few Mariners (aquatic
Gangrel) that exist are outside the oceanic society, and see
nothing wrong with helping themselves to the potent vitae
of a spirit-powered cetacean. Similarly, the Bane-possessed
fomori of the deep and the malevolent Chulorviah have
their own plans for the Grottoes and spirit-essence, and
these plans do not at any stage involve kindly sharing with
the shapeshifters and fae of the deeps.

THE VASTNESS

Even the mundane undersea world is more spectacular
than almost anything above the ground. A completely
alien environment, the world below the surface teems with
life in all directions. We see things with the perspective of
solid ground to keep everything level. But the spatial
perceptions of even the smallest fish are geared toward a
completely three-dimensional world. Stimuli continually
come from above and below as well as left, right, in front
and behind. Countless fish never come in contact with the
sea bed at all.

Another thing to keep in mind is exactly how vast all of
this space really is. We're talking about millions of tons of

=
4

vvovoivivrivvyVVvyvV Vv Vv VY VY VY WV WY WV WY W YW WY

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

water, thousands of miles in every direction. If you want to
hide something, anything — a city, a continent, a dead god,
a giant lizard — sink it. It is, in most cases, as good as gone.
We know more about the reaches of space than we do about
the sea floor: an ominous thought.

There are four major oceans: the Atlantic, the Arctic,
the Indian, and the Pacific. The Atlantic stretches be-
tween the east coast of North and South America and the
west coasts of Europe and Africa. The Indian lies between
Africa, Asia, and Australia. The Pacific, the largest ocean,
stretches from Asia all the way to the western American
coast, from the Bering Strait all the way to Antarctica.
Lastly, the smallest ocean, the Arctic, stretches from the
North Pole out to the Arctic Circle. Each and every one
of these is full of potential hooks, and is an environment
well worth exploring.

THE ARCTIC OCEAN

The smallest ocean is also the least hospitable. The
northernmost parts of the planet are home toa hell of ice and
freezing cold waters. Almost nothing lives here, save fora few
highly specialized creatures. Even humanity has had patheti-
cally little luck with this area, and the general consensus is
that there is little that the Arctic sea can offer in the way of
animal life or human expansion.

The water is thick with icebergs, almost all of which are
much larger under the water than they appear above it. On
top of being hazardous, this area appears barren and devoid
of anything warranting special attention, outside of the
obvious need for scientific research.

However, like the continent of Antarctica, the Arctic
Ocean is replete with occult significance in the World of

CHAPTER ONK: SEAS OF DARKNESS


sea)

Darkness. Magi in particular have long looked at the polar
waters as an untapped frontier, a place where the energies of
the spirit world boil close to the surface and go largely
untapped. There are rumors aplenty of Nephandic circles
that have sunk themselves in terrible frigid chantries, work-
ing their blasphemous rituals in terrible closeness to their
dark masters.

In fact, magi are hardly the only ones who believe that
there are... things below the Arctic crust, things of impos-
sible alien malevolence. The Wendigo werewolves
maintain that a severed talon of the Wyrm itself lies
buried in the half-frozen silt below the top of the world,
and that terrible aquatic monsters and Banes swirl around
it in constant vigilance. Some vampires, mostly Sabbat,
mutter stories of rivals and acquaintances who suddenly
left their affairs and traveled north, pulled that way by
some imperceptible summoning. Even Spectre vessels
have been sighted in the Shadowlands of the Arctic
Circle, cutting asymmetrical patrols through, across and
under the phantom ice as if searching for — or protecting
— something.

What does all this mean? Of the few who have heard
these rumors, not one can say for certain. Perhaps it has
something to do with the supernatural evil that stretches
its hand across Russia and Siberia. Perhaps the Gauntlet

TT
16

VW "Vv IY cy oy se =e We ee oY YUU Ce Oe OW Ge Ce UW ee

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

and Shroud are worn particularly thin there, so far from
humanity, and certain Malfean creatures are testing the
strength of the barrier. Perhaps the original children of
Lilith, who some say fled to the ends of the earth long
ago, are now wakening and readying to return to the
world. Certainly as the end times of the world draw
nearer, more and more supernatural forces are set in
motion. There is almost certainly something stirring
beneath the polar ice of the Arctic — but to date, there
are no answers, only questions, as to what it (or they)

might be.

THE ATLANTIC OCEAN

The Atlantic Ocean, the first gateway from the Old
World to the New, is largely famous for being the tie between
Europe and the United States. Home to countless trade
routes, ships and shipwrecks, the Atlantic is also home to one
of the most infamous stretches of water known to man — The
Bermuda Triangle.

THE SARGASSO SEA

Stretching from the West Indies to the Azores is a sea
choked with olive-brown seaweed, a sea with a centuries-
old ill reputation among sailors. The Sargasso Sea's waters


are very deep, very clear, very blue, and boast an unusually
high salt content and temperature. Its currents are so slow
that seafarers used to believe their boats were mired in the
ever-present sargassum weed, rather than stuck in near-
motionless waters. There's very little native life; apart
from the organisms that cling to the seaweed and the
occasional spawning mass of eels, the waters are largely
free of large aquatic life. Here the compass points to true
north instead of magnetic north, making this already
singular sea even moreso. With few land masses anywhere
nearby and sluggish currents that make ship travel diffi-
cult, the Sargasso Sea has been avoided by sailors for
centuries. Ancient legend makes the sargassum weed out
to be equipped with a malignancy that borders on the
paranormal.

In the World of Darkness, the legends of the Sargasso
Sea's menace are all too true. With little to eat save the
occasional bounty of eels, few living things frequent the area.
Even the Rorqual visit these still waters only infrequently.
This is a place of the dead.

The power of Memoriam fuels the Sargasso of the
Shadowlands. Many relic ships that went down with all
hands aboard crossed over the Shroud, only to reappear
here drenched in ghostly seaweed. Several of these ships
have never left the Sargasso, unable to pull themselves free
of the power holding them there. These ships have, virtu-
ally without exception, given in to Oblivion — now the
wraithly vessels of the Sargasso are a Spectre fleet that poses
avery real threat to trespassers. Their powers of Pandemo-
nium and Outrage are well-refined to work on sargassum
weed, giving new life to the rumors of seaweed dragging
ships down below the waves. Worse, their victims have a
horribly increased chance of joining them aboard the rot-
ting decks of their spectral hulks....

THE BERMUDA TRIANGLE

An vast triangle that stretches between San Juan,
Miami and Bermuda, this area is still one of the greatest
mysteries of the known world. While often debunked by
nay-sayers, the Triangle of the World of Darkness has an
undeniable occult power to it. Ships and planes have
disappeared completely within the Triangle, never to be
found again. Part of the explanation is certainly that a good
portion of the Triangle is occupied by the Sargasso Sea.
Another explanation is that some observers have noted is
that the Gauntlet is peculiarly low in some portions of the
Triangle, dropping as low as 1 on some moonlit nights. At
such a time, it's entirely possible that mundane craft might
accidentally stray into the Penumbra, or that certain Um-
bral denizens might wander into the physical world for a few
brief minutes. What happens next is pure conjecture — but
it's likely unpleasant.

THE MEDITERRANEAN SEA

The cradle of seafaring civilization, the Mediterranean
has a special place in the hearts of many supernaturals. The
Lasombra who choose to sail often do so around Iberia and
North Africa; similarly, the Aegean Sea is the protectorate
of the Black Fury werewolves. There are merfolk aplenty in
the warm waters, and they occasionally mingle with the fae
who are drawn to the Glamour of the Mediterranean
coastline.

However, the Mediterranean is far from idyllic. The
Followers of Set and Assamites are making plays to
control the shipping industry in their own back yards,
and are encountering quite a bit of resistance from the
European Kindred. This inevitably leads to deadly power-
games and midnight operations, with many a neonate
being sent to the sharks below. Similarly, the local
Rokea are more than a little irritated with the sudden (at
least to their long-lived eyes) burst in human popula-
tions, and are not above devouring the occasional
vacationing family of four in the name of thinning the
herd. They take a similarly dim view of local vampires,
and are slowly beginning to make their presence known
in the dance for Mediterranean control.

THE BALTIC SEA

Situated between the Scandinavian peninsula and
mainland Europe, the Baltic Sea is a sea in mortal peril. It
is ravaged by pollution, as factories dump tons of untreated
cooling fluids, cleaning solutions and industrial waste into
its waters. The ecological mismanagement of the old USSR
still haunts the sea, despite the meager cleanup efforts that
the locals can manage to muster. However, the Baltic Sea
is notorious among some supernaturals for an entirely
different reason.

Its southwestern shore (and in fact, a good third of its
waters, including the entire Gulf of Finland) has been off-
limits to supernaturals since 1992, when the ancient hag
Baba Yaga raised the Shadow Curtain. The Curtain, an
invisible wall which prevents supernatural entities from
crossing its borders, cuts from Turku Abo in Finland
across the sea to Poland's shoreline. Any supernatural
trying to cross this border from either direction finds
himself halted; boats carrying vampires lose power and
stall at the Curtain's fringe, while Rokea trying to swim
below are hunted and harried by powerful frost-spirits in
the waters.

There are precious few Rokea in these waters, and the
only fae to be found are a scattering of selkies who hide in the
Gulf of Bothnia. The Baltic Umbra is a dangerous place,
where powerful water-spirit Banes such as Rusalki and
Vodianoi vent their spite on weaker spirits and trespassers.

CHAPTER ONK: SEAS OF DARKNESS


T
16

Ww

ig Vampires aplenty roost in its isles, and their power
is j strong here. Still, the Rokea are strong in
ch ters, and a number of Mokolé quietly slink among
t lets and marshes. The merfolk of House Syrinx
have theiy traditional seat of power here, in the coral city

of Qry i.

e Shroud. Drawn by the Memoriam of wild

taiths flock to these tropical waters in

n.come to relive their golden years; there

df? org than a few Legion officers who were buccaneers

in ai oy Necropolis of Port Royal is the

"hdme 7 for-tost of these relic ships; for details, see
t

THEAND AN eR

+h ndiag Ogean covers the waters between Africa

and ASia) down*gfong Australia. Home to such hot spots
he Strait of HormuzAnd the Persian Gulf, the Indian

i anpertoviolence. Due to its remote nature
ap) , it also serves as a popular tourist
‘opeans. Several islands stand within

ales,
. Many

piryte
drove

e8Although khown for smooth sailing, the
gan does have a monsoon season, and no struc-
boat, rig or een coral reef — is safe from the

by the conflict of the early '90s, the
e suffering from\many of the same
(Sed Under the cover of the Gulf War,
arties took-stepsto maximize the oil
lar-disastets along the ocean. This has had the
g the arsa¥xtremely inhos; bitable to merfolk,

d-tHeir ilk, while converting itAo fertile breeding
ati? Banes and fomori. ;
Or,
ALLAN COKST m_re4
dadgerd s a place as

okea are sy g indeed.

1 3%

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

They have something of a pact with the scattering of
Mokolé that inhabit the coast; which has led to some
interesting "agreements" of late. As a result, few non-
shapeshifters (and few Garou as well!) are welcome along
these shores. Similarly, the Chulorvian menace has yet to
spread fully to the Great Barrier Reef — but several of
Pentex's holdings are working on ways to properly "man-
age" the resources there.

THE PACIFIC OCEAN

The largest and deepest ocean, the Pacific runs from the
west coast of the Americas to the Pacific Rim of Asia and
Australia. The empty vastness of the Pacific extends in
virtually every direction, dotted with islands and giant ships.
The possibilities of the Pacific are almost endless, from the
frigid waters of the Bering Sea to the equatorial ocean around
the Galapagos Islands.

SEA OF JAPAN

The waters between China and Japan are quite inhos-
pitable to casual supernatural travelers. The Sea of Japan
is fully under the control of the shen, in particular the
Same-Bito weresharks that patrol its waters and the
wraithly Heiké crabs of the Japanese shores. One particu-
lar Grotto at the bottom of the sea is in fact a gateway into
the Dragon Kingdom of Umi, an Umbral realm of the
Eastern seas. By decree of Umi, Western supernaturals are
not welcome in the Sea of Japan unless strictly escorted by
representatives of the Dragon Kingdom. The Dark King-
dom of Jade considers the Sea of Japan likewise off-limits
to Western wraiths; it stings Yu Huang that he has yet to
take Japan fully for his own, and he refuses to suffer the
insult of Western ships plying the Shadowlands waters
where even he cannot travel at his leisure. Although the
Jade Kingdom's ships are not an absolute power in the
Shadowlands of this sea, they are nonetheless a very real
threat to outsiders.

PHILLIPINE SEA

Stretching from the southern coast of Honshu down to
Melanesia, bordered by the Phillipines to the west and the
Mariana Trench to the east, the Phillipine Sea is split down
the middle in a border dispute. The western and northern
portions of the sea are claimed by the shen, who do not idly
tolerate sightseers. However, the shen's power is rather
more limited here than it is in the Sea of Japan, and as a
result, several Western Kindred are doing their utmost to
infiltrate the Phillipine and Indonesian ports in an attempt
to safely learn more about the Kuei-jin. Neither side has
complete influence in this area, and so the situation is
especially tense.

THE MARIANA TRENCH

The deepest part of any ocean — in fact the deepest part
of the planet's surface — is the Mariana Trench in the
Pacific. The trench stretches over 1500 miles, and is over
36,000 feet deep at its lowest point.

The Mariana Trench also houses the ocean's most
powerful Grotto. Although dangerous, this area was first
probed by EFD explorers Don Walsh and Jacques Piccard in
a bathyscaph called the "Trieste" in 1960. Since then, a few
EFD squid teams have ventured into the trench, as have two
cabals of Tradition mages. The Tradition mages believe it to
be somehow connected to the Umbral Realm called the
Chasm — or the Abyss, as the Garou call it.

The trench certainly supports life. Tiny, vicious
looking fishes like the gulper eel and the viperfish dart
around in a cold black environment lit entirely by
their own bioluminescence, continually searching for
prey. The EFD teams are reported to be particularly
vulnerable to hallucinations in this environment, and
have claimed to see vast, bizarre abandoned alien
cities or strange, aquatic monsters. To date, there has
been no substantial evidence that these claims are
anything other than pressure-induced hallucinations.
The closest thing to "proof" so far has been the return
of an unmanned research vessel that was covered with

-A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

would have these suckers would have to be ove'
yards long.

PROJECT: DEEPWATER

one mer per week, and the Rokea are beginnt
nize a planned attack — a Gorge — against the undergea
arcology. Worst of all, though, the installatian has q e
Rorqual off from the Gnosis-rich enyiroxment of )t

Trench, originally the most powerfu/Gp6tta in hon ha
As the Rorqual suffer, cut off from 5 i : en
source, all suffer as the ecology of the seas\is dealt Ve
another blow. 4 ae

PLYING THE WAVES CO)

He always thought of the sea ds.La Mar which is people
call her in Spanish when they love her-Sométi
her say bad things of her, but they alw@yssaid'a
awoman. Some of the younger fishe
as floats for their lines and had motgrboa
livers had brought much money — spoke of her as)El
is masculine. They spoke of her a§ a contesta
an enemy. But the Old Man always thought of he

g to OF

and as something that gave or withheld gyeat favors. A
wild or wicked things, it was be ite no'
"The moon affects her as it dogs-a-woman," he

— Ernest Hemingway, "The Old Man and th

THESURENCE/ CY
To put the océan in peeling conside

rent surroundings. Ifya howe dere a e most likely
at least a doze an harp it!
likely, ma
ground wa
your pf
clut
and émote(areas are cut th
power lines. {n the oceai nw
strong. Degpite)our ol ' incu rGigh

Ke

CHAPTER ONR: SEAS OF DARKNESS


basically the same as they were thousands, even millions
of years ago. At sea, it is easy to go for days, weeks, even
months without evidence of humanity. The occasional
wreck still sits, entirely claimed by nature, on the sea
floor, and boats dot the sea's undulating surface. However,
it is truly a testimony to our insignificance that we still
don't understand, much less inhabit, seven-tenths of our
own planet.

AT SAIL ON THE SEAS OF DARKNESS

Though the World of Darkness is full of strange realms
to explore, the ocean seems to rest largely ignored. Still,
there are a number of ways for inquisitive characters to
become involved in the strange environment of the World
of Darkness' seas. The most obvious one, of course, is
setting sail.

Research vessels, bristling with sensors, carry Void
Engineers down to the ocean floor. Bone Gnawers and
Ratkin alike still stow away aboard vast cargo ships that
seem to be going someplace interesting (particularly until
trouble at home cools down). Genteel vampires enjoy
their pick of the rich transient population on board

luxury liners, and wraiths still sail their ghost ships back
and forth across the Tempest and the sunless seas of the
Shadowlands. There are even a few floating mage
Chantries, as well as the rare island freehold-boats
whose courts (often menehune) still maintain ties

to the merfolk — or to their Thallain counter-

parts. However, one gang of sea dogs warrants

special attention, and that is the

collection of 18th-
century

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

acquaintances who have somehow managed to hold on in
some form or another even into the present.

PIRATES!

The great age of piracy lasted from the late 1600's to
the mid-1700's, and no other time has contributed so
many legends to the lore of the sea. And in the World of
Darkness, not all of the bloodthirsty raiders in search of
gold were human. Of course, piracy was still largely the
province of mortals, it being rather difficult for a vampire
or werewolf to conceal its nature for months on end in the
tight and notat all private confines of a ship. But the wild,
glamorous tales of privateering and piracy drew many a
changeling to the ocean, where they battled through a
nautical dance over gold, rum and Glamour. And al-
though a few wraiths took to piracy on the other side of the
Shroud, it's certainly true that a great many pirates who
died unfulfilled took to wraithhood. No matter who tells
the tale, it's certainly agreed that this age produced some
of the most dangerous and fantastic personalities in the
World of Darkness.

BLACKBEARD

While many historical names evoke dread — Adolf
Hitler, Napoleon, Idi Amin — these names are feared for the
power they held over others. No man alone holds a candle to
Captain Edward Teach — Blackbeard — for sheer personal
dangerousness. A nearly seven-foot barrel-chested moun-
tain of aman, Blackbeard was known to frenzy in battle to the
point of lighting his hair on fire for pure psychological effect
on his opponents.

Teach couldn't do anything the

small way, including death; ru-
mor had it that when he

A_A_A_A_A_A

was beheaded in his final shipboard combat, his decapitated
body swam three times around the ship in search of its head.
Too evil to die, he wound up frightening off the reaper in his
own fashion — to this day, he still helms a vessel on the other
side of the Shroud, a fiery spectre of the Carolina coast who
has become every inch as big as his legend.

STEDE BONNET

An odd case of a pirate, it is a widely held belief that
Stede Bonnet was henpecked at home, and ran away from
his nagging wife for a life of piracy on the high seas. Rather
than stealing a ship, the wealthy Barbados plantation
owner bought the 10-gun sloop Revenge, recruited a crew,
and was off.

After a running (and for the most part, losing) rivalry
with Blackbeard himself, Bonnet was caught and tried in
Charleston, South Carolina. He managed to bribe the guards
and escape, although he was soon recaptured. However, his
escape hadn't been in vain. Bonnet had attracted the atten-
tion of a Lasombra noblewoman some time ago in Barbados,
who finally revealed herself to Bonnet and assured him that
he'd yet survive. The records declare that Bonnet was hanged
in November of 1718 — however, he now pilots a very
modern sloop in the service of his clan. He has no idea that
his old rival persists in ghostly fashion; as cold and cruel as he
has become over the years, were he told the truth, he would
probably spend his nights puzzling over how to exact a
centuries-old revenge on a wraith.

RACKHAM, BONNY & READ

It's rare that three pirates of notoriety share a ship.
However, this was exactly the case with "Calico
y.
ack" Rackham,

Anne Bonny and Mary Read. The three were all pirates in
the early 18th century, although Bonny and Read had to
wear men's clothing for the most part in order to get away
with it. Bonny and Read signed aboard Rackham's ship in
1719; their actual sex wasn't kept secret from the crew for
long, but few of their shipmates would dare cross these
two. They were as fierce as any man aboard, and by their
own accounts, fiercer than Rackham himself.

When all three were captured in 1720, Rackham was
sent to the gallows — and tumbled out on the other side of
the Shroud. Read and Bonny "pled their bellies" to escape —
both were pregnant, and the law forbade hanging them until
they gave birth. No records attest to the final fate of the two
women, although it would seem that Mary Read, at least,
came through the Shroud herself after dying of a fever in
prison. She and Rackham have apparently survived centu-
ties of existence as wraiths, and have joined up with
Blackbeard's crew of Renegades. The Hierarchy, needless to
say, is not amused.

THE UNDERSEA WORLD

Nowhere is the division between the known and
the unknown soclearas the surface of the sea. While
the waves are home to countless ocean liners, oil
rigs, Jetskis, cannery ships and other human ~
vessels, the ocean itself isinno way man's
domain. The depths are analien ©
landscape of canyons, moun-
tains, volcanoes,

vvvyéey

CHAPTER ONK: SEAS OF DARKNESS


trenches, and reefs that are home to hundreds of thousands of

strange creatures.

Virtually everything is different here. The colors, the
shapes, the light — even spatial relations are completely
different in this subaqueous reality. Everything happens in
all three dimensions, and everything is locked in a fight for
survival.

The shore is where the water and land meet, and as such,
it's home to countless crustaceans and small fishes. The
amount of life in even a small tide pool is staggering, as
hermit crabs, starfish, clams, mussels, sculpins, worms and
thousands of other creatures fight for survival. This micro-
cosm of the ocean is some of the best research one can get, as
the law is no different here than it would be six miles down.
Eat or be eaten. Kill or be killed.

The shore is often the part of the ocean most subject to
human intrusion — it's difficult to find virgin beaches these
days, especially in the United States. The waves and sun are
big business, and several towns are subject to a two- or
three-month business season, during which the entire com-
munity does good business and quietly uses the profits to
stow away resources and supplies for the long, cold winter
to come. But the shore doesn't cease to exist in winter, and
the waters are no less populated in the cold. They are simply
quieter. There are certainly elements that appreciate this
peace and quiet to emerge unnoticed from their watery
homes to again live among the masses. More than one small
coastal town has been threatened by such an off-season
visitor.

Offshore are the reefs, great crests of rock which
create dangerous shallows for boats and veritable smorgas-
bords of sea life. Usually created by the skeletons of

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

billions of tiny coral polyps, reefs create a perfect environ-
ment for hundreds of species to live and breed. However,
the polyps need a surface to attach to, leading to the
creation of man-made reefs. There are a number of reefs
built over refuse that would otherwise go to waste — old
tires, wrecked cars, junked ships. Once in place, a reef can
increase the aquatic population of an area exponentially.
Rokea slews commonly patrol reefs, and often make their
homes there.

Further out is the continental shelf, the deeper part of
the water, where pelagic society really begins. The continen-
tal shelf is where the actual continents continue into the
ocean. Here, sharks, whales, eels anda host of other creatures
start to appear in force. Dolphins and whales are often more
common farther out, as well. The "Sunlight Zone," where the
majority of oceanic life is concentrated, extends to about six
hundred feet down.

Open sea is where the continental shelf drops off into
the actual sea basin. Here, the depths can easily exceed
five miles. The average depth, however, is about four
kilometers. Here a new pelagic level exists, often called,
believe it or not, "The Twilight Zone." This name actually
refers to the light level caused by the muted sunlight
above. This is where the mer society exists, the merfolk
building coral cities as the twisted murdhuacha hives
infest old wrecks of sunken human structures. Mer are
only found within one hundred miles of any continent
under the oddest circumstances.

Beyond the dim water of the Twilight Zone is the
dark, forbidding water of the Abyssal Zone. Here, below
3,000 feet, the pressure would easily implode an unpro-
tected human, and none but the mightiest Rorqual can
brave the depths. The water is often freezing, except in the
boiling-hot volcanic areas. Life here is rarely over a few
inches long, often hideous, needle-toothed, bug-eyed bi-
oluminescent monstrosities that put even the most
atrocious of land-based monsters to shame. This is where
the undersea blends with the Deep Ocean, and often the
"within" of these icy depths give way to the "without" of
the Umbra. The deepest part of the ocean is the Mariana
Trench in the Pacific: It's over seven miles straight down.
Those few Void Engineers that have braved this forbid-
ding realm agree that it is a deserted wasteland — although
some few rant about vast and marvelous abandoned cities
before visiting DIMH.

THE SCARIEST PLACE ON EARTH

One of the most forbidding sites on the planet is the
undersea wreck. A grim reminder of the frailty of our
condition, the wreck is a testament to the power of
nature as she quickly claims anything that may fall back
into her cradle. A wreck can be any structure — boat,

A_A _A _A

plane, submarine, building — anything manmade that
now lies abandoned at the bottom of the sea. Crusted
over with barnacles, choked with seaweed and home to
prey, predators and other, more sinister things, every
wreck has a story to tell, and it is almost always fraught
with tragedy and death. Every boat full of decaying
passengers once on their way to a better place, every

tusting fighter with the withered remains of a onte-
young patriot still clutching the controls, every rysted
trolley car and crumpled submarine speaks the/sami
words to the living:

"Somewhere along the line, something went very

THE CORAL CITIES

_ Content to let their Thallain countérparts ial in the

nonetheless beautiful: Sprawling, colorful biolupii
web works of anemones, mollusks, and of course,
cities provide shelter from the harsher temperatutes oa
side, and are entirely powered, heated and goverhe:
living creatures within.
An experienced merfolk bioarchitect ¢an gro
wing in weeks. He accomplishes this by ing frame
bone or cartilage, then using a certain chemj€al mixtuye
attract coral polyps to the frame. Soof the polyps fertify rhe
frame and make a livable structure forthe merfolk with

THESEAS OF DARKNESS
those who share their world. Vay

learn about the Wyrm — magi k
worry about than Spectres. This déli

apart when an outside factor enters th€ pi
plete unknown. For this reason/fnost of these

as well.

VAMPIRES (l

The Camarilla, moreconcerhed with tl
threaten its own dofhain' than with explor:
potentially very da gerots)-rlew inh
of the oceans. Only a tiny few off ml

attempts to carve ut a bit of

these are usually frpnrenee thre cldas.
Gangrel nae a few of mber rg
ocean to escape the Jyhad, for pérsonal dé

sheer anif i gadness. Waturally, these
Pires bést suj ef daptto pttojasubaqueo sti
every) (foro th Res pires 0
was ortee'a oral.
adaptable, so inet
wartens i

Seas, and
: animalistic

aC

CHAPTER ONK: SEAS OF DARKNESS


find these submerged mazes almost impossible to navi-
gate, and (depending on how deep the Sewer Rat has
tunneled) often suffer from "depth sweat" (see Appendix)
underneath their own home cities. An enterprising
Nosferatu can also create the equivalent of an underwater
spawning pool, where fish, crustaceans and even sharks
can be bloated into hideous monsters and trained as
guardians, once placed on a diet of the Nosferatu's cor-
rupted vitae. And an added bonus is simply that their
victims sound completely mad: Is the Prince of Kansas
City really going to believe that the Toreador primogen
was consumed by piranha?

The last, and most malignant Camarilla presence under-
sea is nothing more than mere rumor. Nonetheless, some
find it not too far-fetched to believe that there may be an
entire Tremere chantry submerged in the Atlantic, main-
taining their haven via Thaumaturgy and testing the full
potential of Neptune's Might.

The Sabbat, however, strongly suspects the existence of
one or even several Antediluvians resting under the waves.
After all, what better place to hide? Several Mexican packs
have recently set out, volumes of rumor and occult lore
stored on board, to follow the clues and see what develops.
These Vampiros de La Mar packs, maintaining boats as
communal havens, have spread as far as the Pacific rim and
New York Harbor. They practice a bizarre new Auctoritas
Ritae that was developed in Canada, wherein rather than
burying a new recruit, they chain her toa weight and sink her
to the bottom.

The most disturbing trend, however is that of the
mad. Several vampires whose Humanity or Path has
dwindled to nothing, rather than fleeing randomly from
victim to victim, begin a long, slow steady march to the
waves, and do not stop until they have disappeared be-
neath the moonlit tides. None say where they are going or
why. None are found after disappearing beneath the waves.
Although it isn't frequent enough to be a true trend, it is
a disturbing recurrence with, as one observer put it,
"possible... implications."

WEREWOLVES

The ocean makes for strange bedfellows among the
Garou. Although some of the loftier tribes are loath to
admit it, the greatest "Sea Dogs" alive today are — as
they have often been — the Bone Gnawers. The Gnaw-
ers still boast a generous amount of sailors and dock
workers among their Kin and themselves, and their ties
to Rat make them naturals at sea. Oddly, this means that
the Bone Gnawers actually have a certain amount of
authority at sea, and sometimes even Shadow Lord and
Silver Fang alphas find themselves hoisting the mainsail
and tying the rigging under the direction of a Gnawer
packmate. Only the Glass Walkers are as familiar with
modern naval craft as a tribe, and even they tend to have
rather poor hands-on experience — so to captain a small
vessel, usually the Gnawer is the Garou for the job.
Oddly enough, this gives the Gnawers some sort of

vvvyiyv
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES


credence among the Get of Fenris, who recognize a
mutual seagoing heritage. :

A few scattered septs, recognizing the necessity of
swallowing their pride and seeking out allies among the
other Changing Breeds, have attempted to make contact
with the weresharks. They've so far met with mixed
results; although the Rokea know very little at all about
the War of Rage waged between shapeshifters, the
weresharks are aloof at best (and savagely hostile at
worst). The Rokea have maintained balance in the oceans
for thousands — possibly millions — of years, and don't
consider other shapeshifters (or other supernaturals) ca-
pable of improving on their efforts. As far as they're
concerned, land-dwellers are trespassers on the ocean, no
matter who they say they represent.

MAGI

Although magick has always been a boon at sea, magi
have generally kept above the waves and left the undersea
realms be. The 19th century saw an increase in undersea
expeditions, by more than just the Watchers of the Void.
Today, the proliferation of advances in travel has encour-
aged more and more willworkers to seek privacy in the
ocean. At least two traditions boast floating chantries,
boats that serve as Horizon Realms and Nodes for the magi
within.

The Order of Hermes ship Verditius still sails to this
day. Although the high-class yacht would now be unrec-
ognizable to its original 13th-century shipwright, the
Verditius is still a powerful chantry made even more versa-
tile by its obvious mobility. In a similar vein, Ahab's Ghost
plies the waves for the Sons of Ether, who appreciate the
luxury and research opportunities that the chantry pro-
vides.

These are by no means the only aquatic magi, how-
ever. A small faction of the Cult of Ecstasy has set out to
experience the sensation (or lack thereof) of venturing
through arctic and tropical waters alike, while a group of
Okinawan Akashics try to interpret the waves into their
special form of Do. Of course, none of these are so well
versed in the magick of the sea as the Polynesian Kopa
Loei, who maintain ties with the menehune and the spirits
of the deep.

The Technocracy continues to fund Project:
Deepwater, while high-tech EFD subs can be found just
about anywhere gathering samples and hunting out the
Nautilus-esque creations of the Etherites. The Progeni-
tors and Syndicate would be stuck without the Miami
Connection, a trade route between South America and
Florida that supplies most of the American populace
with the Pharmacopeists' creations. Iteration X is ex-
perimenting with an combat hydrofoil in the Florida

Keys, and the concept of a floating chantry appeals to the
New World Order, who would enjoy a station of influ-
ence in international waters. This last is still an idea
being debated by the convention, although common
opinion seems favorable.

Finally, the Nephandi are wholly notorious for their
adaptation to the ocean depths. Galarius' Drachus Vachor is
only one example of how readily the Nephandi embrace the
cold depths of the Umbral ocean as an atmospheric reflec-
tion of their philosophy. To many of the Fallen, the deep sea
environment serves as a reminder of what the world will be
like once they force Ascension on it.

WRAITHS

The Shadowlands at sea are dull and foreboding:
always moving, but never quite fast enough, always gray,
but never quite breaking to storm. The walls between the
Shadowlands and the Tempest are paper-thin here, and
it is easy to go from one to the other without even
knowing it. In a similar vein, the Shroud is lower here,
and the proliferation of legends about ghost ships is no
coincidence.

At sea, far from the ports of the Hierarchy, the
enforcement of the Dictum Mortuum is considerably more
lax. Ghost ships are easily the most available vehicles in
the Shadowlands, although the largest, such as the
Lusitania, are often refitted as the Hierarchy's battleships.
The Hierarchy's navy is easily the strongest of all the Dark
Kingdoms, and the others know this. Oddly enough, local
Anacreons often quietly hire navigators and helmsmen
from among Les Invisibles — what these Caribbean wraiths
specifically do for the Hierarchy is a mystery. All Dark
Kingdoms possess ghost ships, and The Dark Kingdom of
Jade and the Dark Kingdom of Ivory boast excellent
armadas. Odd reports have also filtered in about some
grand ship being created by the wraiths of Swar in the
Indian Ocean.

Heretics and Renegades also enjoy the freedom that
the oceans bring. Although some of the less desirable
elements among both groups become slavers, the heart of
Renegade activity in the water is really piracy. Hierarchs
can't hope to keep up with all of the Renegade prates in
the water. A center for this activity is the long defunct city
of Port Royal in Jamaica. Here, wraithly pirates relive
their days of rum and plunder, Shadowlands-style.

CHANGELINGS

The sea has always been the domain of the mer, as far
as the Kithain are concerned. Of course, there have been
Kithain seafarers — the eshu in particular — but for the
most part, the Kithain have left the oceans to their aquatic

CHAPTER ONR: SEAS OF DARKNESS


counterparts. Over time, the two groups drifted apart, and
now, most younger Kithain aren't aware that the merfolk
exist, yet very few are surprised by the idea — after all, it
makes sense. Trying to convince a blue-skinned monster
with the strength of a giant that mermaids don't exist is
theoretically as hard as convincing a normal person that
they do.

Even so, the mer are in trouble. No one group so
keenly feels the sting of Project: Deepwater as they do,
having recently suffered the death of nearly two-thirds
their number. The mer are desperate, and are coming to
the shore for help. However, the land-based Kithain
certainly have their own problems, and more often than
not, when a strange fae enters a Duke's court and demands
the compliance of everyone within, she's laughed out of
the building. But the mer's lack of humility and social

graces do not discount the incredible danger presented.
These changelings are dying in huge numbers.

Back on land, some sluagh claim to be able to live
underwater for long periods of time, and more than one
nocker has cobbled together a leaky, Jules-Verne-esque
contraption that more often than not sits in a corner
because there are few Kithain brave enough to take it to
sea, including the nocker who built it in the first place.
The rare changelings that do actually go out on these
journeys are almost always eshu — salt water is in their
veins, and they still remember the days of glory off the
Barbary Coast. The most "aquatic" land-based fae, how-
ever, are the rare pooka gifted with fish, gull or even
dolphin affinities. The mer despise these "false Apsarae"
for their carefree ways, but the pooka shrug it off as mere
jealousy.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES


PENTEX

The corrupted captains of industry within the halls of
power at Pentex know all too well the resource value of the
seas. As their holdings increase in every direction, the
oceans run black with filth. Pentex is the driving force of
corruption behind the sinister Deepwater Project, although
this is far from their only aquatic venture.

Mr. Klieg, the sinister fomor that hired on with the
company in the early ‘20s, has not aged since his applica-
tion was accepted. He is now Pentex's Project Coordinator
for all oceanic pursuits, answering directly to the board.
Klieg is actually a Chulorviah, perhaps the most powerful
(and self-aware) Enfolded alive today, and Qyrl only
knows what he is capable of doing. Klieg is somewhat
nepotistic when it comes to hiring other Chulorviah to
powerful positions within Pentex; it usually takes a while
for Petyranos allies to be fully trained for their positions,
but Klieg considers the results well worth it.

Hallahan, a fishing company, supplies several United
States canneries with tuna that was caught at the price
of the lives of hundreds of dolphins a year. Hallahan's
Asian counterpart, Ichibashi, is one of the largest whal-
ing firms in Japan. Pentex is spending quite a lot of
money in order to continue their whaling and mass
fishing operations, particularly in areas likely to snare
more dolphins and porpoises. Mr. Klieg is apparently
quite conversant with the power of the Rorqual and
wants to learn a way to get at it. He'll kill as many as it
takes to learn their secrets; after all, every dead Rorqual
is another nail in Gaia's coffin.

HUNTERS

The various mortal factions of the World of Darkness
are for the most part completely unaware (or deliberately
ignorant) that its horrors stretch beyond the boundaries
of the shore. The Inquisition, the United States govern-
ment and the Arcanum have no conclusive proof of any
sub-aquatic supernatural threats, although the Special
Affairs Division of the FBI is investigating the existence
of some sort of "shark-thing" hunting off the Hawaiian
shores of Oahu. Similarly, the Boston Chapterhouse of
the Arcanum has a murdhuacha egg case pickled in form-
aldehyde, labeled and resting quietly on a shelf behind
several far less important items. A few Benandanti have
gone to sea with wraithly assistance, but turned up little
in the aquatic Shadowlands.

On the other hand, the Asian hunter group known as
Strike Force Zero have learned of the existence of Project:
Deepwater while on the trail of an unrelated case involv-
ing a cluster of Thai Nezumi. A strike team is currently
prowling Guam, under orders to learn more about this
phenomenon.

THE DEEPSEA UMBRA A

Tonight I go under to see "
What shape my watcher will be
Tonight I go under to see ea

Tonight I bleed

— Course of Empire, "Persian Song" \

The Umbra of the waters is a bizarré, kaleidoscopic
experience that can be at once beautiful and terrjfyng.
The water spirits surround visitors to\ their sony
some are calm, some churning and a
united in the great colony called Sea. Fish-spirit i
"Apsarae," swim every which way, and can hay¥e TY
disorienting effect on viewers. As one travels f cigrand
further down, there is less and less light, but uil/ke #he
physical world, it feels as though there is less ahd Yess
pressure being exerted on the body as one gaes(dé

umbra is a loop, and if one goes deg
exactly where they will end up —

Gauntlet of 2 or even 1, and thé
realm are virtually indistingui

ges. re
ctatular
iOsaur

suit. Distance is sometimes kite
particularly as one goes deeper. R
bral ocean is as inhospitable to air-
counterpart; visitors must still h,

for its user, and in the Umbg/ firpos¢ is evefything. \

|
APSARAE |
Apsarae are thf bizarre spirits as govett} thé grea-
tures of the sea. The spitiGeFerdind cfea urds ws
quite alien from a thropom viewpoinr — but
x still beyond rea he} Apsarae are

Apsarae are strange
ned and the

commonly split_j mpg, thé
Unboned. e of the Bo: Siecictys Olize sharks,

lobsters, agnlelid
nudibfachs. The Boned e

closer to

CHAPTER ONK: SEAS OF DARKNESS


A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

nothing more than rank and file in the Umbral ecology
— but when need be, they act with a strange unity that's
baffling to outside observers.

THE SHADOWLANDS

Day after day, day after day
We stuck nor breath nor motion
As idle as a painted ship upon a painted ocean
Water, water everywhere, and all the boards did
shrink
Water, water everywhere and not a drop to
drink.
— Samuel Taylor Coleridge, "Rime of
the Ancient Mariner"
Due to the oddly solid nature of the
water to wraiths, the ocean is really not much
more than a desert to a wraith lost at sea.
Cold, alone, tripped up by the waves under-
foot and subject to the constant torments of
her Shadow, most often those who are lost
only find their way home as
Doppelgangers. Walking on the water
is not easy — the chances of being
slammed between the waves are high,
and the dappled, constantly changing
surface is the roughest possible terrain.
Maelstroms can be particularly devastating
at sea.

The sea can sometimes act as a win-
dow between the Shadowlands and the
Tempest as well. Wraiths can find them-
selves far closer to the Labyrinth than
they really want to be by abusing this
ability to walk on water. Water is some-
what more solid further out, and though

a wraith does not actually sink in more
shallow waters, it is a bit more natural
around piers and harbors.
The bustling ports of the Hierarchy
keep plenty of wraiths busy, both over-
seer and thrall alike. These ports of call
are constantly active loading and unload-
ing valuable cargo on it's way to or from
Stygia. Ports in coastal Necropoli are often
positioned conveniently near the forges to
keep transport of goods neatly convenient.
At sea, the Shadowlands are dull, gray,
and opaque, as if intentionally hiding some-
thing. Every so often things have bubbled up
from the waters to wreak havoc — Nihils full

~ BOOS Orn a i Cc of gibbering Spectres, shadow-eaten ghost ships
O° ORS

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A A A A A A AAAA a

with Oblivion-tainted crews, and, of course, the high king
of the bad asses, Gorool himself. While there have been
no definite sightings of the monstrosity since his disap-
pearance with Charon, there has been a disturbing increase
in reports of huge black shapes snaking through the water,
long black tails cutting the waves, and entire Hierarchy
convoys mysteriously disappearing.

PROJECT: DEEPWATER

Tailliex and Dumas questioned me on every detail. We
reveled in plans for the Aqualung. Tailliez penciled the table-
cloth and announced that each cubic meter we claimed in the
ocean would open mankind to 300,000 cubic kilometers of
living space.

— Jacques Cousteau, "Menfish"

HISTORY

In 1910, a small but vocal contingency of the Void
Engineers that would come to be known as the Earth
Frontier Division (EFD) revealed that they were inter-
ested in attempting to create a colony under the water.
Their project schematics were all in order and would
have had the Project open for colonists by the late fifties.
Despite the obvious viability of the program, the New
World Order had other ideas. With the backing of the
Syndicate, they quashed the project almost immedi-
ately, demanding that the Void Engineers have space
exploration up and running before the end of the cen-
tury. Deepwater appeared to be sunk — and would have
been, too, had there not been a case of serious happen-
stance in favor of the colony.

In the mid-'20s, a young company called Premium Oil
hired on a drilling expert named Mr. Klieg. Mr. Klieg was
remarked as bearing an odd resemblance to company
founder Jeremiah Lassater's son Jacob, despite his having
died in a boating accident years ago. Klieg brought a
slightly waterlogged copy (no one was quite sure where he
had obtained it) of the Void Engineer's plans straight to
the Board of Directors, who saw great potential in the idea
of an underwater colony pumping millions of gallons of
crude back to the surface. Premium Oil sent a group of
tepresentatives to certain... contacts of theirs among the
Void Engineers, and after a several martini-lunch, a deal
was struck. In return for a mining claim, Premium would
gladly supply the EFD with the necessary funding to begin
Project: Deepwater. Shortly after this point, Premium Oil
became Pentex Incorporated.

A site was determined in the center of the Pacific
Ocean, near the edge of the powerful Mariana Trench,
about half a mile down. Although initial construction
didn't start until the late '30s, and despite the obvious

"

ab ALI

‘

a
CF,
WZ

v

G

CHAPTER ONR: SEAS OF DARKNESS 29

A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

delays caused by World War II, Deepwater built up a great
deal of momentum in the '50s. It was about this time that
the EFD first started to notice resistance as well — native
resistance.

Technicians were found with their suits punctured
and slashed, as if pierced by some kind of polearm. Others
started to come in mutilated and defiled, often housing all
manner of subaqueous carrion feeders in their bloated
corpses. The last straw was when an entire team of tech-
nicians went missing save for their hands, severed roughly
at the wrist, as though bitten, still clinging to the cable
they had been laying. The aquatic building teams could
not be forced at gunpoint to go back to the site without
some form of protection from sharks and whatever else
may be unhappy with them down there.

Again Mr. Klieg, now project overseer, had just the fix.
His contacts at Project Iliad were able to supply a new breed
of worker — the "Genetically Enhanced Nautical Enforce-
ment Specialists (GENGS)." These security measures, now
known among the EFD as "Sharks" at least slowed down the
attacking natives. Somewhat.

In the early '70s, Project: Deepwater officially opened
its portals to select Pentex executives and researchers as
well as Void Engineers, Progenitors, and Iteration X tech-
nicians. Although technically open to all members of the
Technocracy, it is clear that Syndicate members and New
World Order Agents were never and are still not welcome
there today.

Deepwater suffered its most recent setback in the
early '80s. Several researchers and technicians started to
complain of various symptoms including dizziness, fa-
tigue, nausea, and odd skin conditions. The Project
Board wanted to shut down the operation temporarily,
but Mr. Klieg insisted that the disease was merely pres-
sure-related and suggested they rotate scientists and
technicians to the surface ona faster schedule to prevent
the symptoms. Although a small corps of Void Engineers
and Progenitors are working with Pentex to combat the
ailment, they've gained little ground. Every time the
Technocrats make a breakthrough, it (and sometimes its
discoverer) mysteriously disappears. Security specialist
Harold Dix has voiced some concern about this.

Despite the increased frequency of native attacks
and the disease problem, Deepwater is right on schedule
to open to the Masses in 2010. There are already smaller
experimental branches open in the Florida Keys. Al-
though not complete, Deepwater is the most powerful
undersea research platform in the world, and an indis-
pensable installation for both Pentex and the
Technocracy.

GEOGRAPHY

Deepwater is not some half-Umbral construct or
otherworldly outpost. Its original mission statement was
cheap, comfortable living for Sleepers — and it has actually
managed this. This doesn't mean there are no magi on
board or that it doesn't tap anode — indeed, all of the ocean
is starting to feel the effects of the loss of the Mariana
Trench's Quintessence — but it is very much present in the
physical world, and mundane divers could easily reach the
platform. The threat of Paradox means, of course, that the
installation must be built slowly and carefully, and as
coincidentally as possible.

Located in the Pacific Ocean, on the edge of the
Mariana Trench, Project: Deepwater is stationed about
half a mile down, on top of a rocky undersea plateau. The

WY yy ee

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

installation covers about one square mile of sea floor,
about the size of a large casino. The central installation
tesembles nothing so much as a gigantic white ceramic
pyramid on stilts. Although not recognizable as such,
twisting down from each corner of the pyramid is an oil
drill. The ceramic is of a special design to resist barnacles,
coral polyps, and other creatures that would otherwise
affix to its surface and alter the weight balance between
the four sides. There is a scintillating white glow from
underneath the construct: the moon pool in the pyramid's
central chamber. This football-field-sized opening in the
bottom of the installation is where the submersibles dock.
Inside, the central chamber is huge and vast, taking up the
entirety of the first ten floors of the arcology. This cham-
ber is a humid tangle of drills, pumps, pipes and cranes.
Recessed along the walls are four "inclinators," peculiar
slanting elevators. Offices and labs are all built into the
walls.

The actual arcology is much smaller and sits above
the central chamber. The higher up in the pyramid one
goes, the nicer the surroundings, as bleak white spartan
rooms start to give way to beautiful aquatically-themed
lounges and mahogany-trimmed boardrooms. The very
uppermost tip of the arcology is an observation center
composed of four six-foot thick panels of technomagickally
reinforced glass. There are additional wings, modular labs,
and mining facilities that snake out from under the main
pyramid like tentacles, but these fluctuate in form and
number from year to year.

In the Umbra, Deepwater has attracted thousands of
Scuttlers and is literally crawling with the aquatic

arthropods. These creatures infest every level of the in-
stallation. In the Shadowlands, however, Deepwater is
even more disturbing, as it appears in a haze of bloated
dead fish, crustaceans, and human bodies. As one gets
closer to the installation, the haze of bodies becomes a
diseased, almost impenetrable soup. Those who penetrate
the murk to reach Deepwater in the Shadowlands find the
installation in fine condition — it's just everything around
it that's dead.

DEEPWATER NOW

It goes without saying — Project: Deepwater is cor-
rupt. It plunders the oceans for Pentex and the
Technocracy, acts as a breeding ground for the undersea
abominations called the Chulorviah, deprives the envi-
ronment of a necessary resource, and doesn't give the
natives a particularly favorable impression of those on the
surface. Many Rokea and mer believe the installation to
be Dagon/Qyrl's vengeance against the sea for some wrong
done in the past, and they are prepared to fight for their
homewaters. However, both species are notoriously
underequipped and underinformed to deal with the prob-
lem. They need outside help, and it has gotten so bad that
some (well, some mer) are willing to go to the surface to
get it. But they are strangers in a strange land there, and
are often ignored by the leaders of the very people they
turn to for help. Although proud, most are desperate. This
will affect everyone eventually, they argue. The world
does not have to sink into the sea for the Tentacled One
to win. Quite the opposite.

CHAPTER ONR: SEAS OF DARKNESS



A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A _A

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHAPTER TWO:
DENTZENS

Full fathom five thy father lies;

Of his bones are
Those are pearls

coral made:
that were his eyes:

Nothing of him that doth fade,

But doth suffer a sea-change

Into something rich and strange.

— William Shakespeare, The Tempest

It's true that most of the intrigues, atrocities and skir-
mishes that shape the face of the World of Darkness take
place on land. It's also true that whether by choice, ill luck
or perceived duty, most of the supernatural denizens of the
World of Darkness tend to be "where the action is." And so,
for the most part, they keep to the land.

But those that don't...

It's an entirely different world on board a ship, and ten
timesas different under the waves. The vampires, shapeshifters,
magi, wraiths and fae that have taken to the seas have all
adapted in some way or another to their new lives. For some,
the change is largely cosmetic, and they manage to get around
the seas in much the same way that they'd find ways to get
around other difficult environments. Others, though, have
wandered down entirely new evolutionary paths, and are
barely recognizable for what they once were.

This chapter deals with the five major supernatural
groups and the parts they play in the oceans of the World of
Darkness. It's material for Storytellers and players alike, and
is meant to serve as inspiration for maritime stories, with or
without "native" protagonists. Adapt, ignore or utilize it as
you see fit.

Just remember that as on land, there isn't an overwhelm-
ing sense of community between the oceans' various
inhabitants. To a Mariner vampire, a Rorqual is a food
source; to a mer, a Rokea is a bloodthirsty, alien maniac.
Although marginally more capable of uniting to some extent
when their communal home is threatened, these creatures
are no more "buddy-buddy" than are their landborne coun-
terparts. The World of Darkness is a paranoid, isolationist
place where trust is hard to earn and never free. Anything less
would be, well, optimistic.

VV VY VY VY VY VY WY WY W YW

vvevvvrvrvrevyvyvy
CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


BLOOD INTHE WATER

Seeing death as the end of life is like seeing the horizon as the
end of the ocean.
— David Searls

As most vampires will tell anyone foolish enough to ask,
the high seas are no place for the Kindred. There's no
convenient prey to feed upon, no mortal society to hide
within, and no secure havens to provide shelter from the
sun's deadly light. Indeed, until the 20th century, sea voyages
were considered nigh-suicidal for vampires. Two clans, how-
ever, defy "conventional wisdom" and have long been at
home on the sea: the Gangrel below its surface and, surpris-
ingly, the Lasombra above it.

GANGREL OF THE DEEP

It should come as no surprise that some among the
Gangrel have adapted to what has been termed "the most
alien environment on Earth." Many creatures that inhabit
the depths of the seas are far stranger to mortal eyes than most
Kindred ever could be. The sea-dwelling Gangrel, however,
have evolved (or devolved, depending on one's point of
view) into entities that even the Nosferatu who know of
them find monstrous.

PHYSIOLOGY AND APPEARANCE

Students of Kindred physiology are still debating the
validity of labeling the aquatic Gangrel a separate bloodline.
The most common opinion is that the Mariners, as they refer
to themselves, form a separate branch of Clan Gangrel that
is roughly the same distance from the main bloodline as is the
City Gangrel antitribu line of the Sabbat. The Mariners, or
Gangrel aquarii (single: Gangrel aquarius) as they are labeled
by Tremere scholars, practice the same Disciplines as do their
land-dwelling progenitors (Animalism is equally effective
on all creatures, regardless of habitat, and Fortitude allows
survival at depths that would injure or destroy a less resilient
being), but display several unique adaptations of both the
Protean Discipline and their own forms.

The most pronounced trait of the Mariners is their rapid
adoption of animal features (rapid relative to "mainstream"
Gangrel, that is). Gangrel aquarii stray from human appear-
ance and socialization due to their necessarily limited contact
with kine and their unappealing physical resemblance to the
particular creatures of their own habitats. Few can pass
through mortal society without attracting undue attention if
they have roamed the seas for more than a few decades, and
those who have inhabited the ocean depths for centuries are
often mistaken for monsters even by their own progeny. Sea-
dwelling Gangrel tend to develop the features of the animals
with which they most commonly associate — serrated shark
teeth, circular lamprey mouths, octopoid tentacles, bony

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

squid beaks, scaled skin and vestigial (and unnecessary) gills
have all been reported by various Kindred who have had the
opportunity to observe Mariners. Needless to say, the ap-
pearances of these individuals greatly impair their social
abilities (in game terms, any Gangrel aquarius loses one
Social Attribute point for every three animal features he
gains, rather than one point per five features as "normal"
Gangrel do).

DEMOGRAPHICS AND AGENDAS

The Gangrel have never had a unifying purpose past
survival, and this carries over to the Mariners, who claim
neither Camarilla nor Sabbat membership — and are usu-
ally reluctant to claim membership in their own clan,
preferring to think of themselves as "individuals." They
are an exceedingly rare breed — best estimates place their
numbers at thirty or less worldwide. However, they sel-
dom sire childer, so most are of relatively low generation
compared to the Kindred population as a whole. Their
Embraces are never spontaneous or ill-considered; the gift
of unlife is granted only after a year or more of observation
of the prospective Mariner. Subjects are taken from all
races and ages; the only unifying qualification is a deep
and abiding love of all the faces of the sea, placid and
frightful alike, and this judgment seems to be more in-
stinctive than any manner of bloodline policy. An
oceanographer, two marine biologists, a lifeguard, and a
salvage diver swim alongside naval officers and colonial-
era explorers in the Gangrel aquarii line. Few subjects
maintain contact with any aspect of their mortal lives
after the Embrace due to the rapid loss of rapport with
humanity as a whole, and most prefer to prey upon sharks,
whales and other marine mammals rather than kine (al-
though the occasional shipwreck or midnight beach party
does provide an invigorating buffet for the hungry Mari-
ner). The Rorqual are the occasional delightful discovery,
as their blood is as potent as that of any Lupine —
however, there's no easy way to discern a Rorqual from
another cetacean, and the Mariners have learned that the
spirit-infused animals have their own defenders.

Gangrel aquarii are still able to function in the surface
world (some have traded information to enterprising
Nosferatu in exchange for lessons in basic Obfuscate tech-
niques). However, they choose to ignore it for the most part,
only dealing with mortal society if it directly impinges upon
their domain. Several potential marine disasters have been
averted by the timely intervention of a Mariner, the most
recent being the near collision of a Royal Navy guided missile
frigate and a Saudi Arabian-flag supertanker off the coast of
Italy last year. It should be noted that this does not stem from
any particular concern for human morality on the part of the
Mariners; the incident cited, witnessed by a Ventrue on
board the frigate, involved the brutal deaths of five crewmen

on board the tanker who tried to prevent the Gangrel from taking the ship's helm.
When later asked about his motivations in the incident, the Mariner replied, "I did it ;
not for you, land-walker, nor for myself, but for my Mother." 7S
Mariners likewise shun Kindred society, as noted above. Although they have been :
offered both Camarilla and Sabbat membership, no Mariner is known to have given his
allegiance to either sect. This should not be construed as an issue of blood loyalty over
organizational loyalty, however. The Mariners seem to have no formal social
structure of their own and almost no informal hierarchy. On the rare occasions
that two Mariners meet, respect is accorded based on age and experience.
There are no clear lines of descent within the bloodline, either; a Gangrel
aquarius may claim a sire of any Gangrel line, and there is no
guarantee that the childe of a Mariner will develop the bloodline's
aquatic features. Gangrel aquarii heritage seems to be a matter of
temperament and personal preference as much as it is a blood-
linked trait. The Mariners themselves seem to be perfectly
at ease with this, though they share no more social contact
with land-based Gangrel than they do with any other clan.
The Mariners are equally divided between nomadic and
sedentary individuals. The former migrate along the coast-
lines of the world, roving aimlessly as the currents take them.
The latter often claim a certain section of coast and several
hundred square miles of ocean as their domains, and those
shore-bound Kindred who are aware of the Mariners' pres-
ence usually give them wide a berth. Areas known to be
claimed by members of this bloodline include the harbors of
New York City, Buenos Aires, Odessa, and Athens, San
Francisco Bay, the entire length of the Rhine River, Lake
Michigan, portions of the English Channel, the waterways of the
Congo Basin, and two sections of the Great Barrier Reef. The degree of
territoriality shown varies from individual to individual, of course:
Tatiana of Odessa allows all Kindred free passage through "her"
port, while the Mariner known as Machete Paul has brutally
destroyed at least two Sabbat packs who pur-
sued Camarilla Kindred into the East River.
There is only one site that is known to
be home to more than one Mariner. Lake
Nyasa in southeastern Africa hosts a group
of at least four Gangrel aquarii, a number
unheard of elsewhere in the world. Reports
indicate that they guard the lake and its
environs with ruthless efficiency. Thus far,
it has been impossible to determine what, if
anything, this brood protects.

ADAPTATIONS

The variation of Protean practiced by
Gangrel aquarii is not unique to the blood-
line, simply because of the mutability of
the Discipline. Any Gangrel may evi-
dently acquire the ability to make any 2
or all of the alternate transforma-
tions known to the Mariners,

although some instruction a3 SS

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


and a certain aptitude are both necessary. At present, no
vayhipire who is not a member of the Gangrel line has been
able td learn to perform the following transformations.
Ay great depths, no light penetrates from the surface
orld' Creatures dwelling at these levels go without or
mak¢ theixown. Even Kindred seeing through the Eyes of
thg\Béast encounter difficulty due to the different visual
properties of water and air (see the Appendix). Most Mari-
n iscard enhanced eyesight in favor of a more reliable
me of navigation: sonar. The bloodline's specialized
ue otean ® (which they call Dolphin's Unsight) grants
ater traveler a limited form of natural (or un-
naj onar that is sensitive enough to replace vision for
ost.t§sks) Obviously, this power does have its limitations:
a vampire navigating by Dolphin's Unsight cannot read the
te off a book salvaged from a shipwreck, nor can he
eréntiate between two fish by the colors of their scales.
Re sensory acuity that this power bestows is, however,
e fe y adequate for navigation or combat out to about a
ed paetérsPast that range, details begin to fade (+1
s past the first 100 on all rolls that rely

ng

isua}/sorfar sens, including hit rolls in combat)
Dalphin's Unsig! effective only underwater — it is
tsébess on Idnd.
though it is el of adaptability, the humanoid
body/tshoMdesigzedfer swimming. Gangrel aquarii over-
come

< timation with Phocidaean Webbing (their

version of Protéap/*®), a or transformation that elon-

é fingers and toe and creates webbing between
them. This vastlyjincpéages swimming speed and maneuver-
ability at\a mini al 3 gst in fine manipulation (triple the

base Swirmming speed values when this power is
Ghd egate all difficulty penalties for underwater
btract two dots from the character's
en any action js attempted that requires fine

ned i in close amin to devastat-
d of aggravated damage, difficulty
dice pgol penalty for underwater

spical Retief ranted by Shape of
ited to aquatic activities than is the
ho have mastered the Protean

ee often sake tHe form of an aquatic

ost comimon fotm is that fa shark (+2 to all
es, a ted bite damage of Strength + 3
pled swimming speed), byte those pf barracu-

Been rdported
aerial forms

and even PE
( A we

eld or Mist Form powers
the former)is Afficiently
173%

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

effective for interment in the sea floor and mist and fog are
common enough on the ocean's surface that no particular
comment is elicited by a sighting of such phenomena. Un-
doubtedly, the elders among the Gangrel aquarii have
developed powers that are even more bizarre, but no con-
firmed reports of these have circulated as of yet.

REPRESENTATIVE PROFILE

The most well-known member of the Gangrel aquarii
line is the individual known as Machete Paul (presumably,
Paul acquired his moniker through his choice of personal
armament). As mentioned above, this Mariner claims the
waters and docks of New York City as his domain and
jealously defends his territory from any and all incursions.
Camarilla Kindred found swimming or boating are usually
given a marginal amount of leeway in the form of one verbal
warning; Sabbat members are attacked on sight. Paul justifies
this dichotomy on the grounds that Camarilla vampires are
less likely to cause massive property damage to the area
surrounding his home.

Unlike many Mariners, Paul's hunting habits mark
kine rather than animals as his primary prey. He usually
feeds on dock workers, vagrants, seamen, and the occa-
sional lost tourist. Paul also keeps a close eye on all Kindred
movement through the port, employing wharf rats and
seagulls as spies. He is known to share information with
local Nosferatu, but does not involve himself in Kindred
affairs past the occasional conversation. The few individu-
als who have inquired into Paul's past and the reasons
behind his unique choice of domain have learned little, but
it is widely believed that Paul was some sort of seaman or
naval officer in his mortal life and was Embraced in or
around the New York area.

Machete Paul can still pass for human, albeit a particu-
larly unpleasant specimen thereof. He spends most of his
nights roaming the docks, alternately prowling on shore and
below the water, and thus constantly reeks of fuel oil, sewage,
and other unsavory substances. He is usually garbed in
grease-stained coveralls and a New York Yankees baseball
cap. His eyes are a dead gray like those of a shark, and his skin
is going scaly in patches. In the rare instances that he has
encountered a superior enemy, Paul has been seen to assume
the shape of a large moray eel and disappear into the water.

THE BLACK BANNER FLEETS

The Lasombra are the one clan who possess extensive
ties to the ocean. The Gangrel have maybe a double handful
of individuals who deal with the water; by contrast, the
Lasombra all feel its call at one point or another in their
unlives. Many never recognize the compulsion for what it is,
but those who heed it find within themselves both the peace
and ferocity of the sea.

LASOMBRA PELAGIC TIES

Despite their public image as a cold, staid, and reserved
group, the Lasombra do have one crack in that otherwise
darkly shining image. When the wind whips through the
tigging and waves rise above the deck, many members of the
clan assume the aspect of the ocean, becoming as tempestu-
ous and reckless as any Brujah. This behavior, oddly enough,
is excused by clan elders, so long as the clan's interests are not
endangered to an extreme degree. In centuries past, many
Lasombra neonates and ancillae made their fortunes and
reputations as explorers, privateers, or outright pirates. Clan
elders commanded shipping empires or military fleets, though
the latter practice was sharply curtailed after the Spanish
Armada debacle (perhaps due to the execution of several of
the clan's most proficient admirals).

No member of the clan has ever found a completely
satisfactory explanation for either the pull of the sea or the
loosening of inhibitions that is tied to the Lasombra psyche.
Most do not question it and simply accept it as a facet of their
blood, a minor annoyance at worst. Scholars among the
Lasombra believe that the mystical Abyss from which the
clan's Obtenebration powers flow is somehow spiritually tied
to the deep ocean, and the call of the sea is actually the
sinister tug of this shadowy nothingness pulling the Lasombra
toward it in a gradual downward spiral. The more adventur-
ous members of the clan laugh off this hypothesis, albeit with
a touch of nervousness — the Lasombra are known to have
lost at least two prominent elders in the course of deep-sea
explorations in the past decade.

NAUTICAL AGENDAS

The Lasombra still control more ocean shipping ton-
nage than the rest of the Kindred world combined. The
majority of shipping companies headquartered on the Medi-
terranean, in South America, or on the American East
Coast are almost guaranteed to be Lasombra-held, and most
ships registered to these corporations have at least a few
crew members who have been conditioned to protect clan
interests. Through this control, the Lasombra — and the
Sabbat — have a near-foolproof means of transatlantic
personnel transport, provided that supplies of vitae are
placed on board the vessel and the vampires on board are
adequately hidden from the mortal crew. As many cargo
ships contain industrial-size refrigeration units and are
laden with literally thousands of shipping containers, these
are not often major difficulties.

Lasombra control over the world's naval forces has
never been as extensive as it was in the era of Spanish
colonial expansion. Indeed, the major naval powers of the
modern world — the United States, China, the Russian
Federation, and Great Britain — are all strongholds of
powers other than the Lasombra. However, this is not to say

that the clan has no military power to bring to bear on the
high seas. The Lasombra no longer take a direct hand in
military matters, for the most part — such indelicate ma-
nipulations are frowned upon. However, the clan does control
a small private fleet of armed vessels under the nominal
registries of several Mediterranean nations. For the most
part, these are not large ships: 300 feet or less in length,
armed with heavy machine guns and a few with one three-
inch cannon, certainly not capable of fighting a surface
action against anything except an unarmed yacht or freighter.
However, several South American nations are known to
have purchased small (cruiser-class or less) warships from the
United States in the decade after the World War Two, and
an unknown number of these vessels are believed to be under
Lasombra control.

Furthermore, unconfirmed reports indicate that the
Lasombra have recently acquired a new flagship for their
fleet. In late 1995, the Iranian government purchased three
Kilo-class diesel-powered attack submarines from the Rus-
sian government and incorporated them into their navy.
One of the vessels disappeared in mid-1997, and world
intelligence officials assumed that the submarine had been
sunk in the Persian Gulf after colliding with a supertanker.
Recent reports, however, have placed an unidentified So-
viet-built submarine at a Mediterranean harbor known to be
under direct Lasombra control. The destruction of the Brit-
ish Ventrue-owned luxury yacht Hampton Star with all hands
(and six Archons in service to the Ventrue Justicar) in a
North Sea storm last winter has been tentatively linked to
this vessel. Camarilla officials are advised to observe the
utmost security precautions in planning ocean voyages until
this matter can be investigated further.

THE ANTITRIBU FACTOR

The sudden increase in Lasombra naval activity is in
direct response to a similar buildup and escalation of hostili-
ties on the part of the Lasombra antitribu. The few Lasombra
who do not claim Sabbat membership have been in a con-
stant state of war against their parent clan since the destruction

CHATTER TWO: DENIZENS


asombra antitribu pirate fleets are based primarily
ean. While this may seem a suicidal location at

Ihé ports of Jamaica, Barbados, the Dominican Re-
and other island nations are ideal homes for naval
ide between sorties, and the docks are ripe with
fling to move several tons of stolen computer

antitribinalso maintain at least two secondary staging grounds

tthe Medit&ranean: Israel is rumored to be one such
location, but Assamite control of that nation makes such a

propositig oa best.
The budpirate fleet is composed of perhaps a

dozén ships; with an equal mix of armed attack vessels and
fast bulk-cdggo shigS. These are sent out in pairs to raid
6) asdmbra-owned freighters. The usual tactic is for

ed véssel to/apptoach under false pretenses, fire a
et_intd the'targer's radio antenna, and use a

ash,a Morse cbde warning for the victim to
heave fo 4nd al oes to be béarded. The pirates then board
, bring' their cafgo ship alongside, and quickly
muchiof vi¢tim's cargo as their own ships can
i eir trusted ghouls Dominate away
'Smedtories of the incident, replacing them
with thdsé offa sudden stogm that swept their cargo and
étboard. This tactic has cost the Lasombra at
lion in the lasy fiscal year, and it is believed

i _ expansion of their fleet.
sombra antitribu) do not, of course, use all-
éssel;

such a proposition would
est Voyages. Instead, each

all but the sho

e composed of ghouls and merce-
are Blodd Bound to silence, and the
into believing that_their contract-

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

Lasombra feels inexplicably drawn to the sea at the expense
of his ability to concentrate on other matters (+1 difficulty
to all Willpower rolls if the character has been out of sight of
the ocean for more than 24 hours). This call can be tempo-
rarily satisfied by an extended sea voyage, and is most often
felt in the first 50 years of unlife. Pelagic Harmony (a 3-point
Merit), a rare state of mind that runs counter to this disorder,
seems to grant the reverse effect, giving added mental equi-
librium (-1 difficulty to all Willpower rolls) if the character
is on or within sight of the sea.

Some Lasombra are even more closely tied to the
ocean, their moods mirroring its own in bloodthirsty coun-
terpoint. An individual with this condition, termed
Poseidon's Call (1-point Flaw), finds her stability directly
tied to that of the weather, calming as the skies clear and
growing progressively more bloodthirsty as a storm mounts
(rolls to resist frenzy are at -1 difficulty in completely calm
weather, but +1 difficulty on rough seas, +2 in the middle
of a thunderstorm, and +3 during a hurricane). Individuals
cursed with this instability are sometimes also blessed by a
strange Weather Sense (1-point Merit), which seems to
provide occasional warnings (with a Perception + Survival
roll, difficulty 7) of impending inclement weather, even
that which stems from unnatural causes.

The clan seems to afford a certain amount of prestige
to members who captain their own ships. The amount of
responsibility bestowed by such a position is not to be taken
lightly, but promising neonate members of the clan are
sometimes given the captaincy of a Cargo Ship (3-point
Merit) or, more rarely, an Armed Vessel (5-point Merit).
Serving as the executive officer of such a ship (a two or four
point Merit respectively) does confer a certain amount of
esteem as well, though not as much as the privilege of
command. The antitribu line is also known to award prestige
based on captaincy, but this is rarer due to the small size of
the fleet (these Merits cost one more point for Lasombra
antitribu characters).

PERSONNEL DOSSIER SUMMARY: ARCHON-CAPTAIN KLEIST

Embraced in the late 18th century, Kleist is a rising star
within the ranks of the Lasombra antitribu fleet. He has
served as a Camarilla Archon under Justicar Xaviar for the
past half-century, campaigning extensively for more repre-
sentation of the "minor" bloodlines within the Camarilla,
and has been instrumental in laying the groundwork for a
possible Camarilla-Lasombra antitribu treaty and mutual
defense arrangement (this agreement is of particular impor-
tance to the Camarilla due to the rising number of encounters
with Cathayans on the American West Coast and the
increasing Sabbat domination of East Coast ports).

Recently, Kleist was called to Jamaica by the notorious
Alfonso Lopez (see Clanbook: Lasombra) to take com-

mand of the newest warship of the antitribu fleet. At the
request of the Brujah and Gangrel Justicars, Archon Kleist
was given a letter of marque by the Camarilla, making him
the first antitribu pirate to be officially supported in his
actions against the Sabbat. His current whereabouts are
unknown, but he is suspected to be stalking the shipping
lanes of the mid-Atlantic.

Archon-Captain Kleist is a tall, lithe man of mixed
Spanish and Germanic heritage, with long black hair and
piercing silvery-blue eyes. He is reputed to be a master of
Obtenebration, and has displayed powers that rank him as
an elder in generation if not in years. Kleist was a highly
proficient Archon during the period in which he directly
served the Camarilla, and is a swordsman of enough repute
to have served as a champion in the duels of several Ventrue
and Toreador.

Kleist's ship is the Black Aegis, a270-foot vessel built to
the plans of a U.S. Coast Guard Famous-class cutter. The
Black Aegis is registered as a Bahamian research vessel used
to probe tropical storms, but the "weather observation
instrument" assembly on the foredeck actually disguises the
vessel's original main armament, a 76mm automatic can-
non. The vessel is crewed by approximately 80 ghouls and
Central American mercenaries under the command of
Kleist and his Executive Officer, a former U.S. Navy SEAL
named Randall Thomas.

THE BLOOD OF GAIA

The Garou rarely consider the entirety of Gaia when
they declare themselves Her protectors. They preserve the
sanctity of Her forests and tundras, and even occasionally
foray into Her deserts or rainforests. But when the
werewolves proudly pat themselves on the back for protect-
ing their mother, they conveniently forget that
three-quarters of Her ecology is largely closed to them.
There they are secondary, if that important. The proud
Garou must give way to the Rokea, the weresharks who
ignored the War of Rage because it couldn't come to them.
Here the shapeshifters in charge are strange, alien creatures
who have for the most part forgotten the nearly-useless
human half of their natures. Where there is a duality to all
other shapechangers, in the seas all that the Homid form
teally affords... is the ability to drown.

So what would compel the Garou to leave their
familiar territories behind and start cutting the waves?
Plenty. Several of Pentex's subsidiaries have fleets of
ocean vessels, which provide Gaia's defenders with plenty
of work, whether it's trying to clean up or contain the
latest "accidental" Endron oil spill, or "encouraging" cer-
tain Hallahan fishing boats to stop their blatant (and
intentional) overfishing practices. A dedicated and skilled
Glass Walker hacker might unravel the paper chase back

needs to contact a reclusive Incarna (particularly
whose water-spirit nature makes it particular

but need to, before it discovers them.
There's already a war going on out there. The
have yet to get involved.

THE GAROU NATION AT SEA C

As the Garou Nation as a whole goes, theré'snbt mugk
priority placed on the oceans. Individual gepts ma ve
differing opinions, but it's not likely that zhe.Black Forest
Get or the American Midwest Glass WdlkefS are going
send packs out to the coast on errand there's plenty of
trouble at home. Nonetheless, it's notingd ceivable to find
Garou on board ships or using Gifts toy

avigate\underw:

protectorate, and one of their g
of Ecube (which the Furies call
owned, and the waters around it are 64
The Sept of Bygone Visions, keer os e caer, pdmit
visitors only via Moon Bridge; a groupy6f Spirits halk guard
the nearby waters. - 3)

The Bone Gnawers are inveterate sea dogs, hut don't
have any important holdings {n coastal regiong. 3 onethe-
less, the Gnawers remain one df the most prolifft‘of tik

dso on coal ier ofr és), and have the beSt

‘icularly treacherous.

distribution on coastal cities a d the World. Ifattaveling
pack needsa local guide to take thaout to sea, they're mo:
likely to find a Bone Gn if ‘they find art¥9ne at all.

Similarly, the Childrgn of Gaia re fairlywell sptedd ehtotigh-
out the globe, but fend to have inlahd protect¢rates/more
often than not. That doesn't kee frofa going where
they're needed; a few of theirnu have traveled to the

Persian Gulf and thé Bal

cleanup efforgs |

aaa ohelpwith various

The fannp, urprisingly, used to ha¥@-e-number of
caerns ¢ ol thrbughout the British [slés. Although their
holdii or eir numb&p, they hgtdseme
measiife of powerih Ireland Wales and Spotland/There 4re
still few secre dnd hiding places opttesmialler isles
surrounding Britaih;4 f@ as

ay hold A i
theirrespgnsibifity. A
ae C -\)

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


If they could get away with it, the Get of Fenris would
claim all of the North Sea as their territory. In fact, in times
past they were able to claim that very thing. But the Middle
Ages ended some time ago, and even the fierce Get are
fighting a losing battle to maintain control. Seafaring is part
of their nature, and there are still several ships owned by Get
Kin plying the northern waters. Still, the Get have managed
to maintain a caern on the shores of the Baltic Sea, on the
other side of the Shadow Curtain — something that no other
tribe can boast.

The Glass Walkers are moderately well-versed in mari-
time skills; more than one owns a private yacht, and most
can easily charter vessels in a time of need. In particular, the
Hong Kong Glass Walkers have a number of connections
across the Indian Ocean. Conversely, the Red Talons are
obviously not much for shipboard activities — but several
of the Siberian, Alaskan and other northerly Talons are
moderately well-versed in traveling the ice cap of the
Arctic Ocean.

The Shadow Lords have no coastal holdings, but for
every Lord who claims that it's wasted effort to learn some-
thing as "irrelevant" as seamanship, there's another who sees
opportunity in the oceans. They share this attitude with the
Silent Striders, who aren't predisposed toward ocean travel,
but are always prepared for whatever it takes to get where
they need to go.

The Silver Fangs keep largely to their inland caerns,
which is something of a reversal from earlier times. Many felt,
some time ago, that noblesse oblige compelled them to journey
to whatever new lands were found, the better to bring the
local territory under the Garou Nation's protection. How-
ever, the years have proven that they weren't always welcome
wherever they went, and now that the world is largely
mapped, the Silver Fangs' sense of adventure has dimmed
somewhat. By compare, the Stargazers are much more given
to wandering, and are often found on pilgrimages both on dry
land and not.

The Uktena and Wendigo, unsurprisingly, protect
the waters around the Americas over any others. In
particular, the Pacific Northwest and Newfoundland are
areas where the once-Pure Ones have decided that in-
land, coast and water are all under their protection. But
even they have their odd "side diversion;" the Uktena are
noted for traveling to the Caribbean and Australia in
recent years, as well as having a few Ainu relatives in
northern Japan.

THE ROKEA

It's impossible to discuss the Final Battles of the
oceans without mentioning the Rokea. The weresharks
were designed long ago to endure and to persist — and
that they've done. They were also charged with the duty

VW VY WV WwW Ww Vv TV VY OV Vy oy VY oN oY Lo oo
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

of protecting Gaia's lifeblood as best they can. That too,
they've done. But now as mankind spreads more and more
quickly every year, the Rokea are finding themselves
somewhat — and the thought is virtually incomprehen-
sible to them — out of date.

The Rokea's dedicated purpose isn't what people
expect. They weren't designed to heal, or to watch, or to
remember, or even to stalk and destroy. According to the
Rokea, they were created to endure. They are models of
perseverance, even more resistant to disease than their
landwalking Changing cousins, and doggedly stubborn
when roused to action. Contrary to popular opinion,
they don't launch savage attacks against their neighbors,
nor do they "go looking for trouble." The Rokea patrol,
and they watch, and whatever they discover that disturbs
the status quo is torn to shreds without explanation nor
apology.

Perhaps the most dangerous thing about the Rokea is
that they're found anywhere sharks are found — and several
places where sharks aren't. Some of their number manage to
survive in the lightless areas of the ocean. Others have
managed to endure the Arctic waters of the north, and a
tare few have even adapted to coastal life among humans.
It's a troubling thought, but they may well even outnumber
the Garou — after all, the Garou have many enemies,
shrinking territory and a dwindling birth rate. The
weresharks have many enemies, although not so many as
the Garou — but their territory is still largely their own, and
they have little difficulty producing new generations. They
will be the last to go — and, some say, perhaps the only
sentient creatures strong enough to survive the Apoca-
lypse. They are a threat to anyone trespassing on their
waters, and a still relatively unknown factor in the grand
scheme of things — even the Mokolé, their closest allies
among the shapeshifters, and the merfolk who share their
waters cannot truly claim to know the Rokea mind. These

creatures appear to be single-minded and impassive for the
most part, only broken by the savage bloodthirst of Frenzy
— but still waters, as they say, run deep.

Although the Rokea aren't completely enamored with
tool use, they aren't totally unfamiliar with the concept.
They craft fetishes of their own, just as other shapeshifters
do; most common among these are weapons such as coral
spears which duplicate a Fang Dagger's effects, or turtle-shell
amulets that protect them from the dangers of depth pres-
sures. They don't bother with clothing, but some ritually scar
themselves in "tribal" markings.

Of course, space precludes a truly in-depth look at the
Rokea (at least, if we're going to talk about anything else).
The final word on the weresharks will appear in the forth-
coming Changing Breed book Rokea.

THE OTHER CHANGERS

Some shapeshifters, of course, just aren't likely to be
found in the waters unless desperation drives them. The
Corax are virtually useless underwater in any form but the
vulnerable Homid, and are in no way likely to give up the
possibility of flight for even a few minutes. Inveterate explor-
ers that the Nuwisha are, they have found one or two things
amusing about the undersea, but prefer to keep their paws
occupied topside — after all, there are more people to teach
and prank there. The Old Man, if the stories are true, may
have spent some time as a Rokea — but that would make him
an anomaly, as the shark-folk are virtually bereft of humor
and aren't good company for werecoyotes. Cats and water
jokes aside, the Bastet are far too proud and territorial to
enjoy being anything less than the masters of their surround-
ings, and the Ananasi have plenty of dry-land concerns to
keep them occupied.

The Ratkin aren't quite as finicky. Like their spiritual
cousins the Bone Gnawers, the wererats have stowed away
on boats ever since, well, people were building boats. They
spread to the New World on European ships, and have visited
most other continents the same way. Some have even passed
around their own version of the Gift: Spirit of the Fish, in
order to help tunnel out highly inaccessible warrens. Al-
though they have no particular love for the sea, they're out
there as well as everywhere else; as always, the Ratkin do
what they must to survive.

The few werebears that survive aren't much for the
open sea, save for the members of one tribe — the arctic Ice
Stalkers. These Gurahl have little enough to do with ships,
but are in their own way guardians of the Arctic Ocean.
Unfortunately, there are few enough of them to go around,
particularly with the new stirrings under the ice cap.

Although the Mokolé rarely venture far from the
coasts, they can rather neatly adapt to an oceanic envi-
ronment. Some of the Australian Mokolé of "saltie"

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


7
42

stotk have been known to regularly "patrol" several
mifés from the beach, and there are apparently
erecxocodiles scattered throughout Polynesia. There
would almost certainly be rumors of terrible plesiosauroid

and -mosasauroid reptiles single-handedly sinking
HallahgnNishing vessels — if anyone were to survive
sugh "attac

Finally, the communal structure of the Eastern
shapechangers, th¢ hengeyokai, is worthy of mention. The
Se} apan is firmly considered their territory, as are small
porttonié ofthe Pacific and Indian oceans. As a whole, they

what more conversant with shipboard life and
aie g the Umbral undersea, although this certainly varies
from<ourt\to court. Their version of Spirit of the Fish hasn't
yet ma¥ett into the common Gift-lore of the Beast Courts,
burit cfrtainly seems to be available for ambassadors to and

CK

Dp
DEEP MA
giake tied to the continents by virtue of their

oO 4
x09} agendas. Toes re, most prefer to remain within easy
teach of thepeopléthey're trying to bring to Ascension —

illworkers' penchant for sequestering themselves in

izon Reakms tends tolhint that the hermit's role isn't all

that ular. Azid\rankly, the Umbra isn't for everybody.

For the aljea but still much more familiar vista of the
seas is al perfe = treat.

Qné attraction is certainly obvious: There aren't any

drop by at an inconvenient time.
is als ofte ofthe last few stretches of physical
wilde' és, stifl relatively ftee from the Technocracy's eyes

survive undetwater isn't all that
ant witte sonal, a more pressure-
stuff. Matte 2 and a reworked
t for converging exhaled carbon
‘orejoxygen, prolonging one's stay. For
, thes&ate she most pop! lar Effects among
y dangerous

end. It takes

bean cul feevetpasecure
be ough of Lifé can
as nitrogen narcosis)

h of vulga Entropy
f P
75

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

breaks down scuba equipment rather easily; Spirit magick
can be very potent down where the Gauntlet is thinner. The
underwater environment is already a risky place for visitors;
a clever mage can take advantage of that and make his
enemies sorry they ever chased him down there.

THETRADITIONS AT SEA

Not all of the Traditions hear the call of the ocean. For
the most part, the Celestial Chorus and Euthanatos are
rather more interested in social affairs than in solitude, and
they rarely venture far from human society (or the subgroup
of their choice). The Virtual Adepts aren't generally much
for maritime pastimes, either (surprise, surprise).

One can find the occasional Akashic Brother or Cultist
of Ecstasy on or under the waves. These people don't come
to study the indigenous life, naturally; more likely, they're
there to experience the sea itself, to immerse themselves in
the feel of tide and current, water and light. Of the two, the
Akashic Brothers are more likely, for their studies of water
and its movements always offer something new to their
understanding of Do. Ecstatics all too often simply get bored
and move on.

Similarly, the Verbena are sometimes found in small
covens along the coast or under the waves. Their mastery
of Life makes them more than capable of taking refuge
underwater, something that several of their Tradition did
during the Burning Times. Their attraction is often to the
classic cyclical nature of the tides, and the connections of
ocean, moon and womanhood. However, they are little
involved with the turnings of the "aquatic Triat," and
many prefer the affairs of the physical world to that of the
undersea Umbra.

The Order of Hermes, interestingly enough, has plenty
of scholarly interest in the seas. Even in medieval times,
they were the ones to bind winds into rope knots and
ceramic jugs. Nowadays, several of their members keep
yachts at hand, all the better for studying storm and sea
magick right at the source.

The Dreamspeakers, too, have several of their number
among the waves. Many of these are drawn from islander
cultures, shamans who call on the totem-powers of the spirits
of storm and ocean. Of these, the most prolific are the
Polynesian Kopa Loei, who are known to take oceanic spirits
as their totems. The Kopa Loei have a loose organization
amongst themselves, and try to keep on speaking terms with
the ocean's denizens. They actually had tenuous contacts
among the merfolk of Xinqux, before the death of that coral
city, and are rumored to be on speaking terms with a few of
the weresharks themselves. The Kopa Loei are powerful in
the ways of Spirit, but also study Life with great dedication;
as a result, they are quite adept at navigating their coastlines
and reefs with or without boats.

But the real Tradition pioneers of the waves are the Sons
of Ether. According to their lore, the very father of their
philosophy, Aretus, was a traveler as well as a philosopher,
ranging from Troy on to Rome and possibly even to Britain.
Jules Verne's Captain Nemo is in many ways the quintessen-
tial Etherite, a man driven to change the world through
Science but preferring the solitude of the ocean to the
ignorant, prejudiced countries of man.

The Sons have several craft on and above the waves
today. At least two, Ahab's Ghost and The Electric Prospero,
are notable for chasing, harassing and even sinking Void
Engineer craft with a vengeance. Their quick escapes seem to
imply that the ships are Umbraworthy, and that their cap-
tains know a few shortcuts to the High Umbra. The Electric
Prospero in particular boasts an armament that would do Doc
Eon proud, including a handily electrified hull and cannons
that seem to duplicate the fabled Lemurian Lightning Guns
(although they, alas, are without the glyphs that ward off
Paradox). Strangely enough, the Sons of Ether don't actually
know the name of the Prospero's captain — at least, that's
what they keep telling anyone who asks.

THE TECHNOCRACY

Nothing sums up the Technocracy's ocean effort like
the Deepwater project: important but not critical, pio-
neered largely by Void Engineers, emphasizing research
rather than control and causing rather more trouble than
the Technocrats realize. In many ways, the frontier of the
seas is about third priority — it doesn't influence Masses
firsthand as muchas the cities do, and there are rather fewer
reality anomalies boiling up from the depths than there are
sliding in from the Umbra. As such, it doesn't receive much
attention from the higher-ups; there's certainly no need to
divert powerful resources like HIT Marks and Universal
warships to "pacify" the seas. Better to lock down the
Gauntlet on land first — then it'll be time to see about
making sure the oceans are safe.

Asa result, the New World Order and Syndicate have
only peripheral interest in exploring the oceanic frontier.
Iteration X enjoys the challenge of outfitting the Earth
Frontier Division, but doesn't really have that much to gain
from aquatic exploration that it couldn't get from land-
based resources. The Progenitors, however, have taken a
distinct interest in the possibilities — every new life form
catalogued offers new possibilities in genetic and chemical
advances. The relatively Paradox-free environment and
the abundance and diversity of local life forms make for an
ideal research environment, and Progenitors have been
working in seaside laboratories for a long time. After all, it's
far easier to refine a new life form away from the Masses and
gradually acclimatize it to the surface than it would be to
whip the new beastie up from scratch in the middle of

A_A _A_A _A _A

Chicago. The Progenitors are crossing their fingers with
Project: Deepwater; if it goes well, they want similar \fe-
search stations in the Arctic, the Atlantic and alog t
Great Barrier Reef. (
However, there's no Technocrat that enjoys the
bilities of the deep ocean more than a Voi
Wherever there's a dark, cold grotto in the oce:

ssion to get o
Nae) C

that the Earth still has a few for them to explore.
lar, the Earth Frontier Division (or EFD) is the (branch
charged with mapping out all the unknown portiongof the
planet. Needless to say, the ocean is priority onefe 4
Their undersea operatives are the most ny{merous\of- the
division; they're called the Aquatic Exploratien Teakhs,\or
"Squids" to their fellow Void Engineers.

The EFD has limited files on eat ofthe ereatyEs
they've discovered below the depths. Theyare wellawar
the presence of some sort of sentient, sifpernaturally power-
ful shark with a malignant attitudg; hdwever, yey hav

there's a Void Engineer requesting pe
there and have a look.

VOID ENGINEERS

that an aquatic variety of vamptre
likely. The Squids don't believe
developing a slowly growing file on€@ we p
oes" that seem to occur frequently around
the sites of ocean disasters; the

dimensional fabric. Howevet, the EFD
victims, the merfolk, are nothing more than a
the Squids; tragically, the mefe.presence of
enough to strip a mer of his fag mi and\drown
spot. Only one mer's body hasbeg
they classified the gill-less/cadavef as a deceas;
corpse's odd hairlessfiess eee eee
tions were officiafly dismissed as(al péculiag a
throwback. ahi )

The current dirgctor of the ERDié Isabel IDubhe, a lean
woman who seems/o be iter mi -368.D i

éd/by the dem i 8

om her fiell teams, and

literally posses
each new seport
permissjo Aon
on" pafticularff

the orjginal suryed
visited theta ity
how things ave gai g

aC

blindedjto the

(-)
oA y

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


rer o-pick them up in an hour or two.

NDI

Ay § not patently obvious exactly why, but the Fallen

»,

se¢gip-to haveatways had an affinity for the ocean's depths.

while world
ies

onthe su he waters are lightless and cold —and

themidriighf wate he heart of the ocean are far and away

u teBt i nal e seas. In that respect, establish-

ing aft.seabed Lab a|most an exercise in symbolic

med. ; to rad of the unholy place's power,

one mast sink be flit facade and dive into the
ostile-veid benea

he depths are in y ways perfect hiding places. Only
the Void Enginee ran the Sons of Ether descend there with
any regularity, aid eYenthese visitors are few, far between —
and ufually alofie. There ar&things of antiquity on the ocean
floor, eroded monoliths that grant insight to those who have

. Paradox, of cours¢, is weak —a seductive lure all
Sthose Fallen who Kave a taste for power and dislike

eir strength?

But Werst ofall, therdare allies down here. The undersea
paths into the Deep Umbff are Very useful in reaching Those

: ; Ghar' 's more, the goitsef the Kraken are quite
‘ow what ‘to look for, and the

1¢-to thos—-who
Nephiandi e just' ome po? or two Ahrimans have

come a

learned‘ef the existeiy¢e of the Chulorvjah, and have begun
negotiations to leagr acled o

exchange St reain.. ee

abyrinth, off the coaks

uhderwat

bis messi AS the tag
liff. A abyrinth is filled

wr cl eae "he is only an
r le sale on whe

king the

e§' spiritual wisdom in

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

travel arrangements) from the heart of Santa Barbara, so there
are ample human resources to be had while still maintaining
the solitude that the Nephandi so prize.

The Nephandi themselves tend to use Life magick to
survive underwater, at least until they're home. The aco-
lytes they... recruit don't have that option. To that effect,
the Fallen have devised several varieties of items to help
their new servants make the journey. These Talismans
and devices take several forms, including huge air-filled
bubbles usable as diving bells, peculiar collars that tap
directly into the wearer's blood supply and keep the
oxygen levels high (Siren's Tears and Breather Collars;
for more information on these devices see The
Technomancer's Toybox pg. 75), half-symbiotic mol-
lusks that clap over the wearer's mouth and filter the
ocean water into air, and so on. These things are typically
vulgar, since they're designed for the un-Awakened's use;
most Nephandi prefer to drug their new recruits just
enough to take the edge off their disbelief.

When it comes to defending their lairs, the Nephandi
are quite versatile. A typical Labyrinth's defenses might
include allied spirits of corruption (often with a Kraken
motif), magickally engineered guard-beasts, terrible currents
that dash visitors into the jagged rocks (unless they know the
secret of navigating past), sections of lightless and freezing-
cold waters — the list could go on and on.

MARAUDERS

The Mad Ones, as always, are hard to stereotype. They
have no common practices amongst themselves, so there's
no real way of pigeonholing their tendencies for land-based
or maritime activities. They do tend to be creatures of the
Umbra first and foremost, and there's little documented
evidence of them taking to the water; of course, there's a lot
of water for a Marauder to get lost in. Although a Flying
Dutchman-esque galleon loaded with insane, near-omnipo-
tent delusionaries is a terrifying concept, it's one that hasn't
been verified by any reliable source.

Yet.

WATERY GRAVES

The rotted wood of the wharf looked barely able to sustain the
number of chained wraiths that stood on it. Trisha was prodded at
sword point towards the water's edge by the Centurion, who was
clearly nervous.

Slowly a rent appeared in the sky, just above the surface of
the sea, the edges crackling with energy. Through the hole spilled
an eerie purple light. Around her Trisha could sense the Legion-
naires tensing. Through the gap sailed a vast clipper, its ragged
sails billowing in an unseen wind. A series of crude patches lined
one side of the ship.

The Centurion breathed a sigh of relief. "Your ship is here,
Thralls. Safe journey." The sarcasm in his voice told her that it
would be anything but that.

While Kindred may find sanctuary in the sea, Rokea call
it home and magi treat it as a new frontier, wraiths have an
uneasy relationship with water. For a start, precious few of
them can move through it with any ease. More significantly,
though, it deprived many of them of life.

Some people claim that drowning is a "nice" way to
die. For a few that might be the case: a feeling of womb-
like comfort fills them as their brain dies. For most,
though, the slow asphyxiation as one is forced to breathe
fluid is a panicked, terror-ridden final experience. The
final moment of death can take anything from a few
seconds to a few minutes. Extremely cold water often
speeds up the process, causing shock and hypothermia, but
occasionally it forces the body into a coma-like state.
Then death can take hours.

Given that most drowning victims are also meeting their
end thousands of miles from friends, family and homes, is itany
surprise that so many of those who die at sea become wraiths?

Few wraiths who are born from individual drownings
last long. Left Cauled and alone, isolated from the rest of
wraith society (and even their Fetters) by thousands of miles,
those that don't stumble into Nihils or get caught by Spectres
are easy prey for their Shadows.

The vast majority of wraiths who die at sea meet their
end in a shipwreck. Few other peacetime accidents cause as
much loss of life at once. A shipwreck offers manifold ways
to die: drowning, either in the sea, or trapped in a compart-
ment as water fills it; explosions; crushing as the ship
disintegrates; even exposure, if you survive the wreck itself
and are left floating in the sea.

CRAWLING FROM THE WRECK

Not every ship that goes down will reemerge asa relic on
the seas of the Shadowlands. For a vessel to cross the Shroud,
it has to have a significance above that it has to its crew
(unless the crew is extremely large). If only a few hands go
down on an ordinary, unremarkable vessel in a largely unre-
ported sinking, it is unlikely to become a relic.

However, if the wreck is one of which the news will
spread, and its loss will touch the hearts of many, it may well
cross the Shroud. Some appear instantly at the moment of
their destruction. Others take time to appear, as the word of
the loss spreads in the Skinlands, and its impact is felt among
loved ones.

Military ships cross the Shroud with more frequency
than their civilian counterparts, especially in wartime. The
trauma and wholesale loss of life — from gunfire or torpedo
hit, fires that rage through the ship and the sinking itself —
make it more likely. Still, not all torpedoed ships have won

enough affection (or take enough crewmembers to the bot-
tom) to give them form in the Shadowlands. é
Merchant ships do pass through the Shroud aswell:
While recent advances in technology have made lossés at sea
more infrequent, in years gone past many merchantshigs
would founder with no chance of rescue, and ite
the crew's loved ones ever discovering their fate\ Suchships
would appear gradually in the Shadowlands/over a period
months on occasions, as the slow realizati¢én dawned that the
ship would never be returning.
Many of the crew that died when the ship wei
will appear as wraiths on the deck of the vessel.
will remain until the vessel is found by another GI

their own Caul.

GHOST SHIPS

on the vessel, whether that be a gaping Hele_und
waterline or terrible charring on the hull A ghip that sah
in a storm will appear awash with "e never mind how
much bailing the crew tries. Inside, the ships ated amp and
clammy. Anything stored below decks énds up rusted wi

plasmic mold.

Unless a wraith skilled i

modity that few are left that long.

for their inherent value but for th a

carry and the souls that are on board

BOARDING ACTIONS

Most relics are found by another ghost ship
the main underworld factions, Rgownas Reaper or Jalvage
ships. The Reaper ship will h¢4

ah oa ia dista
the newborn relic. Launches fullLofitrained wraith
distance between the two/If the Yiewborn relitj

slowly enough (and Ke waterstill enough, sc
Shadowlands of the/Sargasso)/the sae
across the solid surface of the sea.

They throw grappling ca {cot he
board the vessel. move
wraiths aboard and then try ai
have removedthe(r own Caul. A
and Navigation
neares' Neg apber: ) 5)

fury, Gu&h action;
ingly, Qu; Many y
souls straighi oy Dblivign.
grown biggér, latger wee

Maelstroshs
Ke

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

The number of Mortwights born on such ships has
increased rapidly and combat has become a common occur-
rence during boarding actions. The Dutchmen have taken to
using ships with a hold full of marines to mitigate the threat.
Still, the ferocity with which newly-born Haints and
Mortwights can fight makes capturing such a ship a risky
venture indeed.

MARITIME HAUNTS

A very few vessels gain enough Memoriam that they
become mobile Haunts. These are the ships that are dis-
cussed and argued over by the living for years after their loss.
Such finds are deeply prized by Renegades and the Hierarchy
alike. They can stay at sea for much greater periods than most
vessels and need no Pathos to move. More importantly, the
crew gains sustenance from the ship itself. Famous Skinlands
ships like the Lusitania, the Bismark, the General Belgrano and
the Prince Alexsei all now have pride of place as Haunts in
Shadowlands fleets.

When capital ships — usually dreadnoughts and super-
dreadnoughts in earlier centuries, but aircraft carriers in
recent years — gain this status, they often become the
flagship of a Legion's fleet. For example, the HMS Ark
Royal, the fourth ship to bear that name, was retired and
broken up in the 1980s. It became the focus of so much
public attention in the UK, including a best-selling single,
that it gained Haunt status. The ship is now the flagship of
the Iron Legion — much to the great irritation of the
Smiling Lord who has the previous Ark Royal, sunk in
World War II, in his fleet.

It is possible to artificially create a mobile Haunt
through use of the Argos art: Moving Haunt and the
Lifeweb art: Splice Strand (see Sea of Shadows, p. 90), but
few wraiths have the knowledge to do this and they don't
share it readily.

THE LEGIONS AT SEA

On them gleamed the moon's wan lustre,

When the shade of Hosier brave

His pale bands was seen to muster

Rising from their watery grave;

— Richard Glover, "Admiral Hosier's Ghost"

Since the first trireme passed through the Shroud into
the Shadowlands, the Hierarchy has coveted relic ships.
Once Ferrymen guided them across the Sunless Sea to the
Far Shores. Each carried a full cargo of wraiths seeking
Transcendence.

Nowadays, the Legions seeks them for a more mun-
dane purpose: military advantage. Each advance in naval
technology offered the Deathlords the chance to steal a

Vv WY Wa SY SY SY CY WY TY SY SY TY SY SY WY TY Ws
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

march on their rivals. During the American Civil War,
both the USS Monitor and the CSS Virginia, the first true
Ironclads, where eagerly sought by the Legions when they
were lost at sea.

Wholesale destruction of ships, such as the loss of the
Spanish Armada, the scuttling of a German fleet at Scapa
Flow and the carnage of Pearl Harbor, have seen the Stygian
navy change virtually overnight. Entire Renegade settle-
ments have surrendered when the might of 10 newly-formed

relic battleships have borne down on them from the gray
mists of the Shadowlands seas.

While many of the ships find their way to the Tem-
pest and the Iron Pier in Stygia's military wharf district,
many remain attached to the Necropolis ports. Warships
are far from the only relics that tie up there. Freighters
and troop ships are both valued as one of the safest and
easiest ways to move around large numbers of troops,
relics and artifacts.

STYGIAN SLAVERS

"It's simple. You want a load of cargo shipped, you use the
safest and most effective method. For sending our tithe of
Thralls to Stygia, nothing beats a ship."

— Therese Honeyball, Overlord of the Emerald Legion,
Necropolis London

It was no coincidence that London, a port, was cho-
sen as the first Necropolis. The Stygian economy is based
on the wholesale movement of Thralls, and while the
Midnight Express and the Harbingers have their role to
play, there's nothing like a ship for getting people from
place to place.

Both the Legions and independent Reapers maintain a
large number of slaving vessels. These fleets are a rag-tag
armada of anything from 17th century Guineamen through
to modern freighters. The age of the relic matters little: the
conditions are equally inhuman on every ship.

The large hold spaces are filled with lines of soulforged
chains, to which the Thralls are manacled for the duration of
the voyage. Unlike their Skinlands predecessors, Stygian
slavers have no need to carry food or water for their cargo.
The risk of disease is nonexistent and breathing isn't a
concern, so Thralls are crammed into holds at a density that
leaves them barely enough room to move.

Crew, paranoid of the chances of rebellion and glad of
the chance to torment those of lower station than them-
selves, often forbid the Thralls from talking to each other and
viciously beat those who do. The captives may be shut up in
the darkness of the hold for weeks on end with only the
moans of their fellow captives and the incessant whispers of
their Shadows for company.

Some Thralls, especially those who do not yet under-
stand the nature of the afterlife, seek escape by hammering
their Corpus against the ship's bulkheads until they drop into
Harrowings, often at the urging of their Shadows. Others just
fall to Catharsis and wreak havoc in the hold.

To prevent this, the Legions make a single concession to
the cargo's welfare: a shipboard Pardoner. Wooden planks
are positioned around and across the hold, allowing the
Pardoner to examine the Thralls on a regular basis in relative
safety. Those she deems in danger of becoming Shadow-
eaten are pulled out for immediate Castigation.

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4A_4_4__

Even s0, slavers generally lose at least 10% of their cargo
before their arrival at another Necropolis or Stygia. Most
consider this an acceptable attrition rate.

CHARTING A COURSE

For security's sake all ships on legitimate business follow
standard trade routes between the major Necropoli and
Stygia. Custom sees captains taking their Stygia-bound ves-
sels to three miles out before shifting to the Tempest. While
Spectral incursions through a newly-opened passage are rare,
most Anacreons prefer the danger well out to sea.

Cargo-carrying ships travel in convoys whenever pos-
sible. The principal cargo vessel will take the center position,
with the smaller, faster moving warships around it. Harbin-
gers flit from bridge to bridge, carrying orders between the
convoy commander and the captains of each of the ships.

Specialized uses of Argos and Lifeweb can be used to
navigate a ship with surprising accuracy. There are few
other options. Relic compasses simply don't work in the
Shadowlands and artifact ones are rare. Without a Harbin-
ger, Monitor or artifact compass aboard, a ship is restricted
to traveling along coastlines or sailing through the Tempest
where a wraith skilled in Argos can use the Orienteering
ability.

Ships are at their most vulnerable when piercing the
barrier between the Tempest and the Shadowlands. Each
ship must come through separately and, if there's a spy in the
crew of any vessels, Renegades can strike quickly and easily,
knocking a single ship out of the convoy for boarding and
capture. And the seas of the Shadowlands certainly aren't
short of Renegades.

RENEGADE SHIPS

"Aye, there's nothing like the sight of a Hierarchy captain,
tied to the stern of the ship by the Moliated remains of his first mate,
being dragged into a Harrowing."

— Matthew Gaughan, Irish freebooter aboard the Houge

The problem of Renegade ships is probably greater than
anyone in Stygia realizes. Ships whose crew free themselves
from their Cauls are often long gone from the wreck site
before the Dutchmen arrive. Some ship-borne Renegade
communities date back to before the Hierarchy made any
organized attempts to harvest relic ships.

Mutiny is not uncommon on Hierarchy ships which
have been away from home port too long. The Legions often
take advantage of the fact that wraiths don't need food or
water to stay at sea for periods that living captains wouldn't
contemplate. The long separation from Fetters is not easy for
any wraith to bear. It's lucky for the Deathlords that most
crews have agendas that don't bring them into conflict with
the Legions.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

While the Stygian navies have a distinctly British
military feel to them — an inevitable side-effect of centu-
ries of naval domination — Renegade ships are a much
more diverse bunch. Many choose to protect the wrecks
which house their bodies and Fetters and only stray from
the site to visit other, landlocked Fetters. Others indulge in
the difficult task of keeping open communication lines
between geographically scattered Renegade groups. They
sail from Necropolis to Necropolis, beach under the cover
of night, and attempt to escape before the Hierarchy patrols
find them.

Other borderline Renegades include the few explorers
that have not been tempted by the chance to explore the
mysteries of the Tempest. The map of the Shadowlands is not
as clearly drawn for Stygian scholars as it is for their Skinlands
counterparts.

The Legions pay explorers good money to bring back
information about wraith communities on islands as yet
unbeholden to any of the Dark Kingdoms. A few brave
captains take their vessels to the shores of the Dark King-
doms in an attempt to chart their geography more fully. The
disappearance rate among these expeditions is appalling and
some Hierarchy officials are beginning to question whether
the foreign rulers are learning more about Stygia than Stygia
is learning about them.

Still, most Renegades simply try to live a quiet life
outside the auspices of the Hierarchy. Few posses the strength

to try and compete with its navies and wisely choose to keep
their heads down.

PIRATES & PRIVATEERS

The amount of trade that the Hierarchy commits to the
sea is an irresistible target for many with an eye to a quick
obolus. During the 17th and 18th centuries, pirates, and their
semi-sanctioned cousins the privateers, were a constant
threat to shipping.

Life at sea was dangerous and often short. Both privateer
and pirate frequently found themselves blasted through the
Shroud by the guns of various countries' navies.

Famous deceased Skinlands names like Edward Teach,
better known as Blackbeard, have long been thorns in the
side of the Hierarchy. The 11th Legion, an elite Stygian unit
with ships made of Stygian steel and sails woven from
Moliated wraiths has been assigned to hunt them down, with
little success.

While the pirates expected a poor reception from the
authorities of the Shadowlands and certainly weren't disap-
pointed, the privateers soon found themselves chafing
under the tighter restrictions of the Hierarchy. Many of
them went Renegade in short order, and found safe harbor
in a familiar place.

&
rs
:


A_A _A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

PORT ROYAL

Port Royal in Jamaica, which was obliterated by an
earthquake and tidal wave in 1692 with the loss of nearly
2,000 people, was the most notorious port on the face of the
planet. Once knownas the "wickedest city in Christendom,"
many of the buildings of the town and much of the port
passed into the Shadowlands of the Caribbean, known as
the Mirrorlands.

The town smelt vile even when it lived. In the
Shadowlands the rank stench is overpowering. The moun-
tains behind the town tower over it like the dark, jagged
teeth of some vast beast about to swallow it whole. The ships
moored in the dank waters of the port fly a hundred varia-
tions of the Jolly Roger, the traditional skull-and-crossbones
pirate flag.

Forges off the docks belch smoke into the sky, as cap-
tured mariners are smelted into patches for the ships, cutlasses,

and chains for Thralls. Warehouses along the

seafront hold captive Thralls whose fate has

yet to be decided. Rowdy taverns are dotted

along the harbor, in which Sandmen

weave dreams of drink, doubloons

and debauched nights for the oboli-
tich pirates.

The port remains a safe
haven because the
Mirrorlands are a dangerous,

Maelstrom-ridden area, and

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

few Hierarchy ships ever venture there. The majority of
sailors have no idea quite why Les Invisibles, the wraiths of
the Caribbean, leave the town alone; most presume that the
sheer number of ships there is reason enough. Rumor has it
that the senior pirates patrol the borders of the Mirrorlands,
keeping it free from Stygian or Dark Kingdom of Ivory
interference.

Smaller pirate Necropoli can be found along the north
coast of Africa in what were the Barbary States in the mid—
17th century. Ignored by the rulers of the kingdoms that
make up the Dark Kingdom of Ivory and beyond the reach of
Stygia, the pirates based there are free to harass Hierarchy
ships traveling between the Necropoli of the north Mediter-
ranean coast.

PIRATE TACTICS

Pirate bands wouldn't dream of attacking Hierarchy
ports head-on. A few daring souls have tried sneaking into
ports under the cover of darkness. However, most captains
who have tried this have ended up as Hierarchy flags flying
above the very ships they used to command.

Instead, most choose to bide their time and strike at
convoys when they are at their weakest. Spies skilled in
Argos are planted aboard escort ships. When the ships start
to make preparations to pass from the Shadowlands to the
Tempest, these spies use the Argos art: Jump to leap straight
to the waiting ship, to which they have been Fettered by a
variation of the Lifeweb art: Splice Strand.

The pirates will then quickly move to attack one of the
ships with a barrage of concentrated fire, hopefully damaging
it enough that effect of the Lifeweb art: Comrades in Arms
will be nullified. The target will be let marooned as the other
ships in the convoy enter the Tempest, leaving the pirates to
pick over its corpse.

« LIFEATSEA

"Once you're dead, shore leave
takes on a whole new meaning. No
more beerin' and whorin'. Nah,
when you get the chance to tread
terra firma once more you take the
chance to visit the Fetters. And I
get more pleasure

I ever did from the booze and birds."

— James Meeks, helmsman, SS Athenia

The existence of a ghost ship crew is not an easy one.
Isolated from their Fetters, often by thousands of miles, and
deprived of the chance to experience the emotions that drive
their Passions, many crew members become easy targets for
their Shadows. Small wonder that few ships sail without a
Pardoner on board. Even so, frequent periods in dock and
extended shore leave are needed to keep a crew functioning
effectively.

Renegade ships can ill-afford to weigh anchor in a
Necropolis, and so must make do with occasional visits to
smaller waterside communities where the Hierarchy main-
tains little or no presence. The captains of these vessels
begrudge every second spent at anchor, for that is another
second they are vulnerable to detection and capture. The
only way a captured pirate returns to sea is as a soulforged
repair to a holed vessel.

Crews are generally smaller than their Skinlands coun-
terparts. Only a handful of wraiths are needed to run a relic
vessel: a navigator who is either skilled in Argos or Lifeweb,
ahelmsman, and if the ship is Tempest-bound, a Harbinger.

The condition of the ship is largely irrelevant if it
stays in the Shadowlands seas. A gaping hole in the side
won't let in water there. But if the ship intends to make
the trip to the Tempest, it damn well better be watertight.
Such ships carry a much larger complement of sailors,
teady to work the ship once the environment becomes
‘real' to the ship within the confines of the Sunless Sea.
An Artificer or two doesn't go amiss when repair work
needs to be done quickly.

Shadowlands crews inevitably carry a large contingent
of combat-skilled wraiths. Those who posses Arcanoi that
can be used offensively at range are particularly valued.
Keening and Outrage are often used in ship to ship combat,
prior to boarding actions. While most Hierarchy captains
avoid Haunters, they are often found aboard Renegade
vessels, using Dark Ether to make it harder to target key parts
of a ship.

The lucky few wraiths that crew floating Haunts have
life somewhat easier, but many of them have Fetters that are
on the seabed, and inaccessible to them. This creates an
added tension to their existence. Wraiths that have an
innate ability to travel through water command high prices
for their services.

THE DEEPWATER THREAT

Recently, several wraiths with Fetters deep in the Pa-
cific Ocean have been dropped into Harrowings by their
unexpected destruction. Investigations into this have un-
covered a large underwater station being constructed by
unknown forces. The Deathlords have yet to forma policy on

this ‘Deepwater' for, while it undoubtedly poses a threat,
little action can be taken without blatant violation of the
Dictum Mortuum and none of them wishes to be the first to
suggest that course of action.

This sort of threat to a Fetter has led many wraiths to
seek out Puppeteers in the hope that they can be taught to
Rise. After all, if a wraith's corpus can't pass through the
water, surely its former body is the next best thing, especially
as there's none of that pesky breathing to worry about. The
Puppeteers are, of course, more than happy to let these
desperate wraiths put themselves in debt to the Guild.

HERETICSHIPS

In the time of the Flaying and the Third Abomination,
Heretic ships were a common sight around the coasts of South
America. Isolated from the Hierarchy, and only competing for
ships with a less skilled nautical culture, Heretics acquired
relics in unprecedented numbers. And they lost every single
one of them when Stygia took the Flayed Lands for itself.

The modern Heretical cult that is organized enough,
and contains enough skilled wraiths, to capture and hold a
relic ship isa rare cult indeed. However, there does exists one
cult that has achieved a degree of success: The Seekers of the
Tempestuous Seas.

Founded in the early years of this century by former Able
Seaman Phillip Thompson, who perished in San Francisco
bay in a particularly embarrassing botched shipboard initia-
tion ritual, it draws on the conceptual similarity between the
sea and many parts of the Tempest. Cult members firmly
believe that somewhere deep in the Atlantic ocean lies a
pathway to the original calm, still Sea of Shadows and the Far
Shores. All who find this path will achieve Transcendence.

The cult maintains a small base in a cove on the coast of
Argentina, and from there launches regular expeditions to
find the their hallowed Atlantic Passage. Their technique is
simple: find a Nihil and sail into it. Not surprisingly, precious
few of these ships ever return to report the failure of their
expedition.

Much of the cult's activity is focused on "liberating"
vessels from the "heathen" Hierarchy. Lacking the resources
to capture a ship at sea, the cult relies on methods others
rightly dismiss as suicide: raids on poorly organized and
defended Necropolis ports. After a couple of lucky escapes,
the cult has become surprisingly adept at this sort of opera-
tion. That may eventually prove its undoing: it has finally
come to the notice of the Hierarchy, which is even now
hunting it down.

SPECTRE SHIPS

"Oh, there's always some willful SOB who pulls off his
own Caul, but they're easy to deal with. They either cooperate

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


or you clap their sorry ass in irons. But if they turn round and
you find yourself staring into the goddamn Oblivion-shot eyes
of a Haint, then you know you're in real shit."

—Martyn Atkinson, Dutchman marine, Necropolis Boston

Until the early part of the 20th Century relic retrieval
was relatively easy. If you could hold off the Renegades until
you claimed the ships, you were fine. Then, in 1912, word
came from the Oracles that the newly-launched RMS Titanic
would sink on her maiden voyage. A convoy of three ships
from the Emerald Legion, one cargo vessel loaded with
marines and two small warships, were dispatched to shadow
the giant liner's voyage. None of the ships were ever heard
from again.

Two weeks later a second group of ships arrived on the
scene to find nothing but a huge Nihil spewing a localized
Maelstrom into the Shadowlands. They barely escaped in-
tact and several crew members were lost to Oblivion or
Harrowings.

During the First World War the reason became clear.
Where once destroying a ship was a slow, difficult process,
the new torpedoes and explosives could send a ship and its
crew to the bottom more quickly than ever. Just as on the
battlefields of Europe, Mortwights were being born on the
newly formed relic ships in large numbers. It dawned on
the Legions that Spectre ships were being created for the
first time and that the biggest ship ever built had been lost
to the forces of Oblivion.

New Spectre ships often don't always have the organi-
zation to fight off the Legion's experienced Reaper ships, and
many of those that manage to do so fall to infighting between
the newly-born Spectres. Those that survive inevitably end
up in the Tempest — the Mortwight's skill in Tempest-
Weaving instinctively draws them to the nearest Nihil and
through it to the Tempest.

This is what happened to the Titanic. The most
monstrous, most famous lost ship of all is now the flagship
of Oblivion. And recent years have proven even more
troubling to Hierarchy fleets, as they watch the Quick
devour everything Titanic-related and shudder at the
thought of the Memoriam the Spectre ship must be accu-
mulating....

OTHER SHORES

"There's no way I'm going back to the shores of the Jade
Kingdom. If dodging the damn Bugis ships wasn't enough, there's
them bloody crabs that come scuttling over the sea at you, with the
human faces on their backs yelling something incomprehensible.
I've never seen anything move so fast. They tore one of the ratings
apart in seconds."

— Captain Peter L'amie of the Bucentaure

Ships of the West have learned to keep to their own
waters. The strange Mirrorlands are unwelcoming to

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES


inexperienced wraiths. What's more, the Bugis ships
hold much of the Pacific and the seas of the Jade Empire
with such strength that few Stygian ships dare venture
there.

The might of the Jade Kingdom's navy was felt during
the clash between Stygia and the Yellow Spring during Word
War II, and the near-sacking of Necropolis Boston. While
the Jade Kingdom's fleet is known to have suffered many
losses during the Japanese rebellion and in clashes with ships
crewed by funa-yurei (a class of Japanese wraiths who per-
ished at sea), Yu Huang's alliance with the Bugis has
strengthened in recent years.

However, Stygia has been recruiting some of the
bolder non-affiliated explorers and offering them consid-
erable amounts of oboli to scout the current condition of
the Jade navy. The few that have returned with reports
have refused point-blank ever to repeat the trip.

The Jade Kingdom's shorelines are guarded by fearsome
wraiths which bear a striking resemblance to the Heiké crabs
of Japanese legend. Described by the returning sailors as
being like "barghests with intelligence," they are more than
likely the reason behind the disappearance of the other
exploration vessels.

RULES
WRAITHS AND WATER

To a wraith, water is quite simply solid. More Heretical
circles have formed trying to explain this than most Stygian
mariners would care to count, but there is no avoiding the
fact, unless they possess the Drowned merit (see Merits and
Flaws, below).

However, this doesn't mean that falling overboard is any
safer than in the Skinlands. Always presuming that the
wraith doesn't go incorporeal as a result of the fall, she finds
herself stranded on the ocean, unable to catch up with the
fast-moving ship. Unless the vessel is prepared to go back for
her, the unfortunate wraith is in for a long walk home with
only her Shadow for company....

Wraiths can choose to swim if they wish, but to do
so one must spend a level of Corpus to become Incorpo-
real. However, if he has not surfaced by the time a
number of turns equal to his Stamina have passed, he
loses another Corpus Level and will continue to do so
until he surfaces. Deep-sea diving is a very easy way to
end up in a Harrowing.

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


MERITS AND FLAWS

taiths who perish at sea, or who had a strong maritime
connedtion in life, tend to have some common characteris-
ics. The following merits and flaws should be available only
to Wiaiths who drowned or who lived a nautical life, at the
Storyteller's discretion.

sti there as well. Asa result, you seem to be
gh water more easily than most wraiths.
-point merit, Drowned allows you to spend
underwater without harm. After that, you lose
els normally. For 4 points you can spend 12 hours
without harm, and for 5 points 24 hours. For 6
painits ou can survive indefinitely underwater.

ural Helmsman (1 point Merit)

?~ Yoysplace is behind the wheel of a ship. You can steer
he R) ough th¢ waves of the Shadowlands seas as easily as
you eould-a<Sktmlands ship. The difficulty of any tricky

euvér is reduced by two.
_)/Seadng{Z point Flaw)
7—~ You lov¢ the s&a. She is your lover, your mistress, the

asonifor your] existence. When away from her you

bel ligtless_and pin direction.

‘ome enepoittof Willpower per week away from the
sea. must m¢ a Willpower roll to resist any opportunity
to retutn fo sea bye more.

Greature of the-Degp (2 point Flaw)
d bos; Symany hoary, clichéd tales of ghosts
gAilors while you were alive. The idea of
bedecked\in seaweed, dripping water gave
ills down youk spine during those long nights
yowdied at sea, those tales twisted your corpus
re the image of dur nightmare. The difficulty of
al interactior-re increased by one. Should you
e livirfg, they act to the Fog as if their Will-
wo lower.

er (3 poin Flaw
le place. e constant motion of the
n/creatures that lyrk beneath....they

anted to exp¢rience in life, and
rience them4in death. You must

Oll te board'a ipo tep onto a body of
ates difficult of al) phys | phys ical rolls are

most assaults consist of a fast artillery barrage, followed by a
fiercely fought boarding action.

If the aim is to destroy the opponent's ship, the trick is
not to hole the ship, but to destroy its image. By targeting
everything that makes the ship distinctive, such as sails,
masts and deck features, the attacking vessel can cause its
victim to simply disperse, as it loses its connection with
mortal memories.

It is recommended that the ranged combat element of
the battle be used as backdrop rather than the focus of the
battle. If none of the characters are skilled in using a ship's
guns, merely describe the resolution. Should a character be
using one of the guns, follow the system below to get some
measure of their impact on the battle. The character will
only be marginally involved in what's happening. Focus on
the boarding actions and the ferociously fought hand to hand
combat, which fits better with the very personal nature of
Wraith: The Oblivion.

System: To use ships' guns, a gunner must roll Dexterity
+ Naval Artillery at difficulty 5. If he doesn't possess a
specialty in the relevant type of gun this rises to 9. Most guns
can be fired every other turn, with the exception of cannon,
which take two turns to reload and one to fire.

Pre-twentieth century weapons do 8 dice of damage.
Those from this century do 12 dice. Hits from missiles or
torpedoes can be assumed to cripple the target. A second hit
from such a potent weapon will sink it; of course, relic
missiles and torpedoes are few and far between, so this isn't
as easy as it seems.

Anaverage size relic ship can generally absorb about 100
"Corpus" levels of damage. Larger ships will take more, up to
about 200 levels for a capital ship. Only 10% of that total
need be inflicted before the effects of Comrades in Arms are
nullified.

This system presented is a simple, streamlined system
that assumes naval combat is being used purely as a backdrop
to the main boarding action. For more detailed rules on naval
combat, see Wraith: The Great War.

NEW SKILLS
NAVAL ARTILLERY

Firing ship's guns is not just a matter of knowing how to
use the weapon, but how to allow for the movement of both
your ship and the target. This skill covers the whole gamut of
naval artillery, but does not apply to land-based artillery.

° Novice: You can hit a stationary ship moored right
next to you.
ee Practiced: You can hit a ship a short distance away

on the open sea.

Competent: Youcan hita fast-moving ship in fair weather.

Vv Vw WV VY VY VY ooo oO ON of

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

A_A _A _A

Expert: A glimpse of hull through a fog bank is all
you need to get a hit.
eeeee Master: The people who sank the Bismark come to
you for advice.
Possessed by: Navy gunners, Pirates
Specialties: Cannons, Culverins, Small Bore Guns,
Large Bore Guns, Torpedoes, Missiles

NAVIGATION

This skill measures how well you are able to take a ship
from A to B, without visiting C, Dand E on the way (unless
you wish to, of course). To use this skill, some information
on where you are positioned is needed, and normally a map
as well.

° Novice: You can sail from one side of the harbor to
the other without getting lost.

ee Practiced: You can direct a ship to a port on the
same continent.

eee Competent: You can navigate across oceans with
fair accuracy.

eeee Expert: There isn't a port in the Shadowlands you
couldn't reach.

eecee

Master: "Cape Horn, in a Maelstrom, blindfolded?
No problem, guv."

Possessed by: Navigators, Explorers, Smugglers, Pi-
rates, Harbingers, Monitors, Ferrymen

Specialties: Atlantic, Pacific, Arctic, Indian Mediter-
ranean, Mirrorlands, Rivers

POWERING RELIC SHIPS

To move an average-sized relic ship, such as an 18th
century clipper or paddle steamer, requires two points of
Pathos per six hours. For larger vessels, this increases to a
maximum of five for the likes of an aircraft carrier or an oil
tanker. Most vessels will be powered by large Soulfire
globes, mounted somewhere secure within the ship's super-
structure.

ARCANOI

Variations of the basic Arcanoi have developed over the
years to address the specific needs of sea-borne wraiths. In
particular, use of Argos and Lifeweb has allowed Shadowlands
positions to be determined accurately when artifact time-
pieces and compasses (see Guildbook: Spooks & Oracles)
are unavailable.

Transporting ships between the Shadowlands and the
Tempest is a two stage process. First the entire ship, crew
and cargo need to be bound together as a single entity.
Then the whole "unit" is pushed through into the Tempest.
The Arcanoi needed to do this were once fiercely protected

by the Harbingers Guild. In the centuries since the Breék-
ing, they have become common enough that every Legion
and many Renegade bands will have the skills needed,0 sail
ships smoothly between the two.

NEW ARTS
Argos

evolved out of a skill developed during the-Fot
Maelstrom. Harbingers caught in a Maelstro

culty 7) and —) a point of Pathos. A success will i
their position, and an approximate route to she

single object to be pushed from the
Tempest, or vice-versa. Anything tha
object, for example wraiths on a shi
unless bound to it by use of the
Arms. The art was originally
buildings and vehicles throug
port to aa

of time it cakes to successfully e rier
means the object remains where i

severe damage to an object ag
Storyteller's discretion and wi

vvvyyv

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


|

A_A_A_A _A_A _A__{A_

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Lifeweb (difficulty 9).

The binding costs 3 Pathos to make, and costs 1 Pathos per hour to
maintain.

HEIKE CRABS

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2
Arcanoi: Keening 4, Chains of the Emperor 2
Passions: Protect the Jade Kingdom (loyalty) 5
Fetters: 1 point remaining

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 5

Angst: 8/5

Permanent Corpus: 8

Equipment: none

Image: Each one of these creatures appears as a giant, armored crab,
with razor-sharp claws on the end of each of its legs. A human face can.
clearly be seen on the Heiké's back.

Background: Ancient Japanese legend tells of the Heiké clan
which lost a long contest with the Genji clan. At Dan-n-ura in the
Straits of Shimonséki, the Heiké perished utterly. But their war-
tiors lived on in death as Heiké crabs, huge armored beasts, with the
faces of the men they once were visible on their back.

Heiké cluster round strange flames that rise from the ocean floor,
called Oni-bi or demon-fires. Any ships that attempt to beach near their
Oni-bi will be swarmed by these ferocious fighters.

They caused much trouble to Yu Huang's armies as they
sought to invade Japan. Once the invasion was completed, his
generals made it their first priority to discover the secret of their
creation. Eventually it was tortured out of a captured wraith who
taught the variations of Moliate and Way of the Scholar
before he was sent to Hell.

Since then warriors who have served well in the armies of
the Jade Kingdom are offered this opportunity to defend their
land and families from invading foreigners.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a single-minded killer. You
and your fellow Heiké brothers and sisters will defend the
land of your families, or die in the attempt.

Storyteller Notes: Before their transforma-
tion, all Heiké were cunning and skilled
warriors, and much of that ability stays with
them. While they have lost some of their intel-
ligence, it is more than made up for by their
new-found ferocity. Their attacks are rarely
subtle, but they attack en masse and in a coor-
dinated manner. Their claws allow them to rapidly
scuttle up the hull of a ship, then jump onto the deck.
When three dozen Heiké scrabble over a ship's railing in
such a fashion, the defenders' fight is almost as good as lost.

> @

vvevpeéseY'
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

A_A _A_A _A_A

THE MART ANNE- ASAMPLERELICSHIP

HISTORY

The Mary Anne was a haggboat of the Royal African Company, the official British slave
trading company. Her captain, Patrick Ness, was a 40-year old Scotsman. He was well used
to working the Triangle route, carrying manufactured goods from Bristol to Guinea, trading

them for slaves, which he carried to Jamaica, where he traded them for sugar, which
he took home.
The Mary Anne set sail from Bristol on her last voyage in early May 1702. She
made good time to Guinea, and had a relatively successful trading trip
= down the coast, acquiring 467 slaves and a fair amount of gold and
ivory. The ship weighed anchor for Jamaica in late September,
reaching Sao Tomé nine days later.

The ship's hold was horribly crowded and already 30 slaves had
perished. Sickness was rife. The ship's doctor knew little of the diseases
of Africa, and often made the slaves' condition worse by bleeding them

in an attempt to effect a cure.
The ship anchored just outside the port, and the crew bedded down for
the night. Just before midnight, a squall blew up, driving the ship towards
the shore and the intervening reef. The anchor cable, already weakened
by the warm tropical water, snapped, propelling the Mary Anne onto
the reef and holing it amidships.

Water flooded into the hold, killing the manacled slaves within
minutes. Some struggled for life. Some just welcomed death as the
only escape from their misery and debasement. The ship rapidly

listed to starboard and started to sink. A few crew who were on
the night watch were able to swim for shore but most,
including the captain, mate and supercargo, went down
with their ship.
Word spread like wildfire, and several ships'
longboats were sent to rescue crew and attempt to
salvage cargo. But the Mary Anne had sunk like a
stone in a good 30 fathoms of water.

The despair and suffering of the living
cargo, and the dismay and fear that the wreck
caused on shore, caused the Mary Anne's relic

¢ ~ .: to form within hours. The wraiths of many of
\ the crew, and even more slaves, littered the
deck and hold. Peter, one of the captain's

‘private ventures,' freed himself from his

Caul and struck a deal with a ship

fad)

a from the Renegade group, the
, rs Broken Chain, that had
"Se. pulled alongside. Now the

) ¥. Mary Anne is the flag-
bis . ship of a growing fleet
of Renegade vessels

that have been ha-

rassing the
L i Hierarchy's
ra Hh. slavers when-
\ "We ever they can.
7 CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS

=
7


ATOUR OF THE SHIP

The Mary Anne wasn't built as a slave ship. She spent
the early years of her career carrying tobacco and textiles and
was only modified for human cargo a few years before she
sank. The oak-built ship is 40 meters long and 11 wide. From
deck to keel is about 7 meters. Three main masts dominate
the ship, although one of them leans at a precarious angle.
Seven sails flap in an unfelt wind, decay eating into their very
fabric. A figurehead of a buxom young woman with a skeletal
face adorns her prow.

A single row of portholes and gun ports line each side of
the ship. Five relic cannons are mounted on each side. The
Mary Anne has been damaged and repaired many times in her
career as a ghost ship. The rotting hulk is lined with a series
of patches to its superstructure, each of which bears the
screaming face of a captured and soulforged slaver.

The planks of her deck are warped and twisted, as if left
in the sun for far too long. Some bear the distinctive texture
of soulforged plasm. Towards the stern of the ship lie the
officers' quarters, with the helm in front. At the very rear of
the ship lies the captain's cabin.

Beneath is the gundeck, with the crew's cramped
quarters to the rear. Finally, deep in the bowels of the ship,
lie the holds. Her holds reeks of despair and death. Occa-
sional moans of misery drift out of shadowed corners. The
darkness is almost palpable and few wraiths will willingly
spend more than a few minutes down below.

NOTABLE CREW

Captain Peter

Background: It was common practice for captain and
senior officers to have their own ‘personal ventures' aboard
ships, carried at the company's expense. Peter was exactly
one half of such a venture.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

Captured during a war between the Ashanti and Dagamba
peoples, he was purchased by Captain Ness along with
another slave, and the pair were renamed Peter and Paul.
The captain would spend a few hours each day teaching them
carpentry and cooperage in the hope of increasing their value
when the time came to sell them in Jamaica. They were kept
in a separate hold from the rest of the slaves, along with the
mate's and supercargo's private ventures, in the hope that
they would escape disease. It didn't help them escape the
water.

Paul's soul never entered the Shadowlands. Peter, in an
outrush of anger, ripped his own Caul off and stumbled to the
deck, barely noticing the relic chains clutched in his hand.
He found Ness and ripped off the captain's Caul before
beating him senseless.

He then set about freeing the 32 slaves who had crossed
the Shroud, and stowing the crew in the hold. Shortly
afterward, just as Peter was beginning to wonder what to do
next, another ghost ship pulled alongside.

Asagesture of goodwill, the captain of the other vessel sent
askilled helmsman across and lead the Mary Anne to safe harbor
on the African coast. Ness was soulforged into a set of manacles
that Peter carries and uses on each successful capture. The Mary
Anne shortly became another member of the Broken Chain. All
the while, Peter continued to use the Anglicized name that Ness
had given him; he has no desire to relive his time as a tribesman
who was sold by his own kind. "Captain Peter" will do.

The last decade has been particularly hard to the ship and
crew. The influx of modern warships into the Hierarchy forces has
lead to the loss of several allied ships. Peter spent months in a
depression and underwent a bout of Catharsis as a result.

He's been doing this for centuries now, and is beginning
to wonder ifhe is really making a difference. Perhaps the time
has come to sail the Mary Anne into the Tempest and seek
the Far Shores...

Image: Captain Peter is a striking, if painfully thin,
African male, apparently in his mid-twenties. His eyes are
hard, and his face is set in a pointedly neutral expression.
Peter wears nothing more than the pair of ragged trousers
that he died in, and a chain wrapped round his waist.

Roleplaying Notes: Anger seethes under your skin:
anger at the Ashanti who enslaved you, anger at the
whites who bought you, anger at your own people for being
too weak. You are careful to keep this anger in control,
and project a calm, emotionless exterior. But in times of
stress, it breaks loose in an explosive rage that frightens all
around you.

©Salvador Noval

Background: Salvador was a professional seaman who
first went to sea at 14. He had an unremarkable career on
various Portuguese ships, until he was abandoned in Bahia,
Brazil as his captain sought to reduce the wage bill and get
some sort of profit from the voyage.

He drank away most of the little money he had, and died
behind a drinking den, murdered for a single coin. He was
reaped by the Hierarchy, which was in the process of estab-
lishing a Necropolis in the town. Trained as a Monitor to
allow him to return to sea as a navigator, his first voyage,
aboard the Elizabeth Galley went badly wrong, as it was
captured by the Mary Anne.

During the engagement, the Mary Anne's navigator had
disappeared into a Harrowing from which she never re-
turned, so Salvador was slapped in chains and put to work.
Over the next few years he actually came to believe in the
cause, and now his greatest regret — the complete failure of
his life — is feeling a faint balm.

He has recently taken Trisha under his wing and is
finding her enthusiasm for the cause quite invigorating.

Image: Salvador would be almost classically good look-
ing, if he weren't a little pudgy. His long, black hair is tied
back in a ponytail. He wears a loose white shirt and tight
black trousers, with a cutlass hanging from his belt.

Roleplaying Notes: Salvador has become quite the
buccaneer since he was granted his freedom. He often regales
the crew with the battles he has been in and tells them just
how much he'd like to be with them on a boarding action,
trading blows with the Legionnaires. It's such a shame that
the captain insists that he stays at the helm.

¢Trisha

Background: Patricia Black was born to a good, middle
class home. Like all good, middle class girls, she rebelled. Her
chosen form of defiance was involvement in environmental
protests. Her parents dismissed it as standard teenage rebel-
lion and were sure she'd grow out of it. They never got the
chance to find out. Trisha died under the wheels of an overly-
enthusiastic bulldozer during a demonstration against the
construction of a by-pass.

She was reaped by a relatively kindly Reaper, who
explained the workings of the Hierarchy. She thought about
it for about two minutes, than decided that it had to go and
hooked up with a Renegade group in short order. She threw
herself into their subversive activities with far more enthu-
siasm than knowledge.

Precisely six weeks later she found herself convicted
ofa flagrant breach of the Dictum Mortuum and manacled
in the hold of a ship bound for Stygia. The moment she
was locked in a dark hold with two hundred other souls,
many of whom were sobbing uncontrollably, she started to
gtow up.

When the ship was captured by the Mary Anne, she
jumped at the chance to join the crew. She has come to suspect
that Peter has lost his enthusiasm for the cause she embraces
so wholeheartedly. She has thought of broaching the subject
with the rest of the crew, but has yet to find the courage.

Image: Trisha isa plain, stocky girl in her late teens. Her
left nostril is pierced and her mousy hair is cut short and is in

constant disarray. She wears combat trousers and a shapel¢ss,
sleeveless vest. si

Roleplaying Notes: Trisha bursts with enthusiasp
of the time. The other 10% sees her slip into a mela
that can last for days. She's showing distinct signs of growing
up, and her temperament becomes more stable the
sees of the Shadowlands.

THESEA-DREAMT

Fickley and Wittenger watched the endless depth flow
them as they sank toward the icy bottom. Witten ger trig
radio toggle inside the helmet of his bulky suit. At least
so far down that they needed breathing fluid. No ong li
stuff. Davidson's voice crackled over the radio.

"You guys might be interested to know that I trans
runes you found on that debris."

"Why are you keeping us in suspense?" quipped Fi

"Well... I stilldon't know what it means. It's Gaelic,
It says "murdhuacha."

"Meroocha?" snickered Fickley.

"Well, yeah — but it's not spelled

— you hit bottom soon."
oe

Their feet lit gently upon the uppe
Already the tanker was covered inata
and a school of fish darted out
smiled. It hadn't taken very long Yo
He chuckled, then quickly followed
making his way below decks.

The two divers found themselves ee
snaked past, revealing a shape in thenall
Fickley stopped, then ran forwgfd.
audible over the radio.

"Look at this."

Wittenger approached him, choked, and felt hi

Asingle sailor, shirtless, hung fyo
unlike those that connect a mussel pr a Karna
eyes was missing, and his hair saved hy
across his face. His mo
mosteerie were the brigh¢ or:

a last breath. Wittengér peered closer.

"Jesus, Fickley

, Fi : these are my
Fickley leaned in indeed nis ball sized eggs

DWUs, fixe

was an — 1uman febus. What's seemed to
twitch and gr the two scig ish Thin
"Fetyses? pa the hell i this? What the Hell tsgoing on
aia cll y
peace Beer!
is goipgan?~
and fear tha came wi

belly in shé
eC

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS

jng more than a kelpy, skinless human pores covered in a
ek at least, that was from the waist up. The bottom half

ibcage to become a knot of wavering tentacles
h. Clear muscles around his waist pulsed,

es amd withdrew back through the rent bulkhead.
en Wittenger began to scream and run.
fought to push himself through the hall lit waters, his

-shout. Where' s Fickley? What was that noise? What' s
itabout human fetuses? Dammit, talk to me, Wittenger!"
Witeéngetignored the broadcast as he shouldered open the

eareéyt/door and stumbled in. His heart dropped as he looked
argund hin.@fabsand lobsters scuttled across the scattered plates

ger to m green-blue lips before she

. Instantly, the air shot from his

ear and pei pain gave way to sheer ecstasy.
, strong handsjin his hair. He felt her cold, soft

wkissvas her mate placed his companion
ou open, as tiny orange strings of

rent.

ut rights to
6 chllective on ee teen za de. Seemed
9s scoop bs thre Glam-
eremo! es dal ch " paige ofa

en aited Ourturn,
clothing coming
e}kutt of his

705

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

polearm twice on the floor, as per, before he bellowed,
"Announcing Lord Schul and Lady Qualyssa of... er
House Lorelei and House Syrinx, respectively."

The room dropped silent. I asked Fiorello if he had ever
heard of House Syrinx. He mumbled something about Pan
and shrugged his confusion. I watched the door.

The first thing I noticed was their beauty. It was irresist-
ible; I wanted to reach out, to touch them. Far from the
untouchable beauty of the sidhe, the alien loveliness of these
two made me want nothing more than to feel their iridescent
skin and wrap my fingers in their deep green hair. Fio was
worse, just like you'd expect from a satyr. The two stood
proud and dignified, despite the circus-style gapes and gasps
their alien looks warranted. Finally the Duke bellowed for
quiet.

A hush swept over the crowd as the two proceeded to the
throne. They didn't kneel. Duke Justinian waited for them to
speak, eyeing Lord Schul appraisingly.

Lady Qualyssa spoke first. She explained at great length, as
though each of the words was an effort, that she and Lord Schul
were high-ranking nobles of the "merfolk" kith, and as the
"First-dreamed of Vatea," they were the first among all Kithain,
and we were to immediately drop everything we were doing and
aid them against the unknown invaders to their lands.

When the laughter subsided the two just stood there,
expressions calmly expectant, as though they had just or-
dered a child back to cleaning his room. Justinian calmly
explained through his smirk that the Winter Court of High
King David would probably get around to this task as soon as
they had put a stop to all Banality, mended ties between
commoners and nobles, cleared the streets of vampires and
given Concordia back to the Nunnehi. The laughter began
anew. For the first time, the two newcomers looked worriedly
at one another. The jokes kept on coming, and the laughter
kept rising.

"STOP IT!" I cried — well, rasped. It was still about the
loudest noise I had ever made. The whole room fell silent and
looked right at me. I felt like a butterfly on a pin.

"They need our help!" I whispered as loudly as I could.
"Can't you see they need us?"

Justinian smiled his wry Solomon smile.

"So be it, then. They need the help of a proper noble and
they shall have it—" his eyes leveled at me— "Sir Draper."

Old Scratch was right. Nobody appreciates a wiseass
sluagh.

HISTORY OF THE MER

We sat in my apartment. No use being subtle about
taping the conversation — they wouldn't have clued if the
recorder had taken up an entire wall. Lady Qualyssa
picked upa lighter and fiddled with it as though it were the

key to all the world's problems; Lord Schul poked at the
light bulb while shielding his eyes. I tried to get them to
stop; neither listened to me. I finally touched Qualyssa on
the arm to get her attention, and she recoiled as though I'd
sliced her open.

"You dare!"

This was beyond arrogance — she was genuinely amazed
that I would have the gall to touch her. She immediately
launched into the "First-Dreamed of Vatea" shit again.
Swallowing my pride (and my desire to knock her lights out),
Icalmly asked her what the hell she was talking about. She
sighed — although this was nothing new; every breath of air
was like an effort for her — and began her wild story.

THE LEGEND OF DAGON AND VATEA

"Before the Kithain, before the sky and the land, there
was the sea. Sea was home to only two creatures then, and
these two were Vatea and his brother Dagon. Both were
comfortable in Sea's warm embrace, but soon, Vatea found
his fickle and curious nature was stifled under the waves. He
longed to see what was going on in the new ‘Not-Sea' that
was rising from his beloved and familiar waters. He asked Sea
for permission to go on land, and Sea agreed. Vatea sum-
moned all his strength, and held his breath as he heaved onto
the land. It was like nothing he had ever seen — so static and
barren, not like the colorful, constantly-moving world he
was used to. The only thing he saw as a saving grace for this
place was the previously unknown to him phenomenon
called fire. He pitied the Not-Sea, and he decided he would
create children for Not-Sea. Vatea closed his huge eyes and
dreamed a beautiful race created in his own image. These
gods were created from water and fire, wild and ever-chang-
ing, and he loved them. However, all of the dust and fire dried
his huge gills, and he had to return to his home under the
waves. Unable to part with his most favored among these
children, he gave them ‘Apsarae'— fish spirits — and took
them back to his home."

I made a note. These guys made the sidhe look like
boggans. These had to be the absolute most pretentious,
stuck-up, self absorbed creatures in the entire universe. The
sidhe, the chimerae, even the vampires — no one could hold
acandle to this. Still, their story, if self-serving, was intrigu-
ing, and shed an odd light on the Tuatha De Danann and the
Prodigals. I asked Qualyssa to continue.

She spat, "The upstart Dagon wanted children of his
own and lunged for the Not-Sea, ignoring both his brother
and his mother. He heaved out of the water and frightened
the children of Vatea, so much that some pledged their lives
to him immediately in return for his promise not to hurt
them. He lived like a god in his time on Not-Sea, and he
became corrupt and cruel. Finally, Vatea and his children
found Dagon and started to pull him from Not-Sea, and

Dagon kicked and screamed and bit the sky. They gave ne
final heave, and Dagon splashed back under the wave
although he left a great bleeding hole in the sky that wigl
and weakened the land-dwellers forever after."

I swear, noble or no, I was gonna be sick.
"Meanwhile, Dagon, in his throes, took sg

Uh... I just think it's a funny word, you know?
Think about it. Muroocha. None... none of you a
ing. *Ahem.* Right."

They both looked at me like they were reading
Street Journal. Qualyssa continued her story.

"Finally, Dagon slept soundly, and Vateg
the deepest Grotto."

There was no ignoring the fact that she' definite ¢(
a capital on that. I held up a hand and trfed 76 cu in.

"Shi" . a C

"Okay..."
nl oree ette

"Finally, Dagon slept soundly,
d hard against
= ol

the deepest Grotto. We fought lohg
Murdhuacha, and the dirtwa}kers
dwellers-"

I winced.

THE SUNDERING

"The dirtwalkers continued to ma bot ei
territory. We were content to let Kem have their l¢
clods to run around and kill eagh other on, byt th
intent on trying to wrest the world from ts:

"Excuse me?"

"Earth covers only about t! reriths of the planet.
the math. We rule the world. Noy. let me finishLmf story.
She pursed her lips. "You certaigly talk a gréat deal fo;
someone with such a litele{ voice."

I fumed. A
"We fought back, but

sorts. You see, we live under the wa
to sort of criss-cross the surface. Sowe%
were in the mood f6r play: You don't
unless we helpfoy, but you do La enjo
i ixst, but eventually, that

I thought. Bugthep
themselves were histori Tes;
down a bi (

"1 a G

CHATTER TWO: DENIZENS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

"We were happy to play with the dirtwalkers when we
could, and fight the blighted murdhuacha wherever their
hives cropped up, but there was something more on the
horizon for us. You see, thousands of years after Dagon was
defeated, a new problem arose. As the dirtwalkers began to
scud over more and more of the ocean, we started to die. In
great numbers, we succumbed to the Cold they brought,
until we took a lesson from the selkies, who had learned it
from... you."

I crossed my arms and treated them to a smug smile.

"The selkies had learned to hide within humans. We
decided that they had it right. It was far preferable to
harming any of Vatea's children, and we began to sink their
ships and sing their crews overboard for breeding stock.
After all, the men..."

"Only men? You didn't breed with human women?"

Lord Schul shook his head and clicked as though I had
made some huge faux pas.

"Men are secondary, and weaker than egg-layers. They
wouldn't be missed. We didn't want to deplete the stock."

The gum fell from my mouth. I looked up at Lord Schul.

"You're... okay with this?"

He contemplated the back of his hand, waiting. It wasn't
until Lady Qualyssa gave him a brief nod that he answered
with a very terse, clipped "yes." | was amazed. It was like some
Arabic cultures, but reversed. I wondered what the Moral
Majority would think.

"We took as many human men as we could and bred with
them. It was disgusting and degrading, and many refused. Of
course, they're all dead now.... The Coldness."

"Banality."

"Yes."

MURDHUACHA

"Tell me something: What are these Muroocha or
whatever you talked about? The "Children of Dagon," or
some such."

She made a spitting noise. "The murdhuacha are as
hideous as we are beautiful, as twisted as we are noble—"

"If this comparison continues they must be some humble
bastards," I muttered.

"What?"

"Nothing, go on...."

"The murdhuacha are animals. They infest the hulks of
your sunken vehicles, and they breed in your drowned
bodies. Their lives revolve around hunting and killing. "

"Thallain." I whispered. I understood their contempt —
I remembered the revulsion and loathing I experienced the
first time I met a bogie. Although some sluagh make nice-
nice with the bastards, I wanted nothing more than to rip the
bogie's snot-eating face off. Suddenly, the whole thing made

vvvyiYv
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

a lot more sense. A whole ocean filled with Kithain who felt
this way about one another churning the waters pink with
their battles — it was one hell of an image.

"Yes; that sounds right. The murdhuacha take their
Apsarae from the unclean creatures of the sea — the squids,
the jellyfish, the crabs and worms, as we take ours from the
children of Vatea."

"Ew." I wrinkled my nose at the idea of a mermaid-like
half-man half-worm. Sounded like us and the redcaps had
just been joined in the "born of nightmare" category.

"They breed in the still-warm bodies of their kills. They
like humans best, and they will mate as the water is still pink
with blood. Their women are your "sirens" — entanglers who
lure humans to drown to incubate their eggs."

"Have you talked to Sigourney Weaver about this?"

"Who?"

"Nothing." All this talk of mating had made me curious,
however.

"Now, can lask you something really offensive? I thought
you mermaids were supposed to be all kinds of horny and sex-
crazed, like aquatic satyrs or something."

"We love to play, but mating is very sacred. If you like I

"

can..


She pulled her wrapping off over her head. My jaw hit
the floor with it. She was so alien and beautiful, so perfectly
smooth, with shining, iridescent skin and long, wavy green
hair. I snapped out of it.

"No! No, that's okay... He's...
Lord Schul.

"He won't mind. He can help."

She started to unbutton my shirt. Half of me wanted this
more than anything, but...it was just so weird! If only
Fiorello could see me now! His horns would turn green!

"I,..uh... need to hear your story." I blurted, hating
myself. The secrets of these Kithain were just too enticing.
Damn my sluagh blood.

Making no effort to cover herself, she sat back down in
her chair.

"We mated with the humans until we had a good
breeding stock going, and then Queen Merasi decreed that
we were to never interact with the humans again. The law
has rarely been broken since — until now."

"You keep saying that. What's going on ‘now' that's so
damned important?"

"The Drowning."

watching!" I motioned to

THE DROWNING

"About fifty years ago, we suffered a horror so great
that it still chills me to this day. Suddenly, so abruptly that
none of us were ready, thousands of us... our husbands, or
children, or friends and relatives were struck by a wave of
the Coldness — Banality — so intense that our Apsarae
vaporized instantly. Some of them just imploded as they
reverted to their human forms in the depths, others choked
and struggled in pain and confusion as their gills lost their
fae power and all they had left were human lungs. They
died... horribly."

Her sea-bitch demeanor cracked as a single tear escaped
her eye. At this point I was a wreck. I can't deal with
simultaneously hating, pitying, and wanting someone all at
the same time.

"My mother was among them. Naturally we wanted to
know what had happened, and even as we reeled from the
loss, we sent team after team to go and find the source of
the destruction and destroy it. However, we knew we had
found the site, oddly, when the teams stopped returning.
The entire city of Xinqux, in what you knowas the Pacific,
was dead."

I suppressed the urge to ask about mer cities.

"A Rorqual was the first to discover what had happened."

"Rorqual?"

"What you would call a freehold."

"What? I thought you said it discovered the..
go ahead and explain."

. Oh, just

"The Rorqual came to us, explaining that
dirtwalkers had taken Vatea's Trench as their own,
that they could no longer take the power from thi

they are not the cold wellsprings of power that you
The Rorqual are huge, beautiful, intelligent cre

"Oooohhh...kaaaay..."
"The dirtwalkers called this place "
they plan to live there in droves. This metal hive is
of many. If the humans come, we will die. Their

your kind. To us, however, it is certain death?
Coldness takes us, we can no longer breathe, no long
We just die."
"Jeeze. I see. I... 1 don't know what to sfy. I'm so
"For the first time ever, we called a meeting wil te
leaders of the largest of the murdhuacha hfve!
hated them, and they us, we knew that Hey! wer
ones we could really trust in this situatio: in pl
as much danger as we, and have suffergd just a§ greatly. "At
this summit, we reached a conclusig s weak gnd Coy
as you landbound are, you are oy': 9 ne Weed m, fou
and your courts for aid. " 6)
"But I'm... I'm just a..." (:) x
"Take us to here."

She pointed to a picture of a cfSflé taped to my fridge.

"But... that's just a picture!" CA,

"We've heard talk of a ca; n the Castty The
Castle Mountain." - i)

"Castle in the castle mounfain? Castle... Cat-Skill! The

castle in the Catskills! Tara-Nar! You want td goyyo Tara
Nar!"
She nodded. )

THE MERFOLK ANDMURB UNCHA.

Dear Diary:

This is getting weird. Late fer

learn to sleep withdut water hold
drew straws and Lor wound Uy
note: I gotta buy mére salt. Ah

with me, andfound the most int

I wendfage tke Baek room, a sab

in the middleot the nig eumawensh

when I jumpéd 9¢ thé sigh fe ifi the
tub. lt wagda {near ovetion) a Rey) wn
aK =

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

skin heaved contentedly with each breath flowing over his
gills. At first | thought he was wearing some kind of cloak, but
I realized it was... well... him. He looked like a bizarre cross
between a man and a stingray, his wings folded around him
like a great leather vampire cloak.

"Hello," he muttered, half asleep.

I choked a bit at the sight of him. Bunny ears and goat
horns were one thing; this was a stingray-man kicking back in
my damned bathtub. I didn't know whether to laugh or scream.

"Hello," I managed.

Dr. Vocabulary strikes again. I forgave myself. What do
you say to a giant stingray-guy in your tub as you fiddle with
your zipper? Besides, my people aren't known for being
verbose. The tension broke with the sound of Lady Qualyssa
knocking over a lamp.

"You tried to kiss her, didn't you?"

"What?"

"Kissing. When you touch mouths."

I nodded; he shook his head as though talking toa slow child.

"What? What'd I do?"

"We've told you that sex is play, yes? It isa simple thing, not
all that important. However, kissing is intimacy. We don't kiss
casual bedmates, or even our relatives. We don't even kiss our
most beloved partners save as a means of foreplay."

I blinked. "So basically I could screw Lady Qualyssa all
night long and it wouldn't be considered intimate, but one
peck on the cheek and that's too forward?"

His lip curled. "I don't care for your tone, but yes. One
of the important things about kissing is that it... stimu-
lates us in certain ways that sex cannot. The female
cannot conceive unless she's been properly stimulated in
such a fashion — therefore, kissing to us is the first step in
true mating."

I coughed. That would be seen as forward, I guess. "So
what makes you this great cultural bridge all of a sudden?"

"I once watched an ocean liner for a few days — picked
up some things. Don't tell the Lady, or she'll have my head."

"Silence is my middle name. Virgil Silence Draper. By the
way, if you tell anyone my name is Virgil, I'll have your head."

He smiled and swished his barbed tail.

"Then I shall call you Silence."

"Okay... cool. So..." I sat on the commode and tried to
make conversation with the giant stingray man in the tub. As
Will Smith once said, this rated about a 9.0 on my weird-shit-
o-meter. I sighed.

"So, you're a stingray?"

APSARAE
"This is my Apsara, yes."
"{ thought all merfolk had fishtails."

"Rays are fish."

"You know what I mean."

"We are born looking like humans, almost. Our children,
the nereids, are universally —both merfolk and murdhuacha—
born with gray skin, large eyes, webbed hands and feet."

"And gills."

"No, no gills, actually. The nereids are kept breathing by
their mother's milk."

"So that's why these fish-women still have breasts."

"Yes, exactly. When a nereid gets to be a certain age—"

"His voice cracks, and he starts to notice certain urges—"

"May I finish, Silence? When a nereid gets old enough,
usually about one year, she is taken to a Grotto, a very
mystical, sacred place. The parents then place the nereid in
the Grotto and wait. The next animal that enters the Grotto
bonds with the child, and becomes her Apsara. In my case it
was a stingray. In Lady Qualyssa's case it was what you call an
oarfish. But there have been all kinds — blowfish, sharks,
eels, salmon, tuna, lionfish, dolphins..."

"And if it's a crab or a jellyfish, the kid becomes one of
those murdhuacha?"

"Yes. The murdhuacha are truly hideous. Most com-
monly, they appear as we do, but instead of a fish tail, a single
tentacle...

"Yikes. So what happens next?"

"The mer emerges from her grotto, a fresh young nix.
Some call young merfolk "fry." This bonding is very impor-
tant. It's not some random process — the Apsara that
connects with you in the Grotto is the one that you are.
Before that point, you're not... you're not whole. Your
Apsara is part of your fae soul. This — me, for example. I am
calm and quiet, and yet I am venomous when angered." He
wagged his barbed tail for emphasis.

"Qualyssa is an oarfish — beautiful and strong, with a
temper to match. And you might be a sculpin or reef fish —
so curious that you may ignore danger."

I smiled. This was the closest to a compliment I was
gonna get from these yahoos.

"We spend the majority of our lives as nixes. Both
Qualyssa and I are nixes. Soon, though, the hair will go blue-
gtay, or white as foam, and the Coldness will seep in, and we
shall be Naugs."

"Grumps."

"Yes, it is unpleasant. Such is time."

"No, I meant that's what we... ah, forget it. No — no,
wait. | want an answer. What's with this attitude you guys
have? I mean, we're all Kithain here, but you still act like you
have something special about that makes you somehow
better than us. More so than the sidhe — and I didn't think

that was possible. What... What is it with you?"

Lord Schul considered the question carefully.

MERFOLK PSYCHOLOGY

"We don't understand how you topsiders can ignore Sea,
or worse yet, just dump refuse into it as though it would never
return. The seas are your world, your planet. How tiny and
claustrophobic it must be to inhabit only a few insignificant
specks of dirt amid the entirety of the oceans! What's more..."

He nudged the curtain back and peered out the window
distastefully.

"You can't even seem to keep those clean. You all fight
and bicker for these small scraps of land, leaving us to rule the
planet in your absence. It's like... it's like... Imagine having
a mansion, and your children only live in one room. Imagine
these children make such a mess it makes you want to vomit
when you visit them. Soon their mess spills out into your
living space. Before long, you realize that they have lived and
grown in their own filth for so long that your own children
are poison to you. You can't kill them — they are your
children. So what can you do? You retreat. And you disdain
these filth-choked creatures. You disdain them for ever
visiting the mansion in the first place. You disdain them for
living like animals, and for squabbling like eels amid the
dung. And you disdain them for making you give up entire
sections of your house for their own waste."

I slowly nodded.

"And you hold me responsible..?"

"We hold you responsible collectively. You, the Kithain,
the older brothers, for not doing something. You humans, the
youngest, for not realizing. All of you. All of you."

He looked pretty steamed and rested his chin on his fist.

I blinked as my memory of what I really wanted to ask
him came back to me.

"Hey, Schul, You're really okay with all this subservient
crap? I mean, really — between us guys here."

MERFOLK SOCIETY

"I know my place. The egg layer must be protected if the
society is to continue. "

"Society?"

"You're an odd one, dirtwalker. Yes, of course we have a
society. It's nothing like what you know, but it's a society
nonetheless. We are ruled by a system of nobles, but since all
of us are noble, this can lead to some conflicts. So we have
three houses that more or less balance each other. I am of
house Lorelei. Our job is to protect the others. House
Melusine are our scholars and Syrinx is the most noble house.
Each of us does our part for the betterment of everyone. We
do work hard, but we play even harder. Ends and means.
Merfolk society, on the whole, is geared toward getting what
needs to be done out of the way so that we can create and sing
and dance and enjoy ourselves. You land-dwellers have
confused that."

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A__A_

I frowned my disapproval of being made the representa-

tivé pf everyone with feet.
"We miss some things, don't get me wrong. We used to
feed frém human dreams, like you. But we just found the
tmatfis too poisonous, and when their Coldness grew greater
tha eir dreams, we had to turn somewhere else. We take
oupypower fom the sea, as we take everything from the Sea.
Were it not for the Drowning, you might never have heard
from _us again. We\live well — at least, we did. In the coral
citfés abl are artists and the cities are places of great beauty.
Tinysetfwag something of a renowned singer back in Qlzua."

By e opened his mouth and made a noise so slight I almost
couldy/t h¢ar it. That's something, coming froma sluagh. He
frownetl

"LT Auppose it carries better underwater."

it does. I thought you guys would talk by sign

anguage or something."

Mh, we-speak the same way as you, just at a different
ffequengy. Any Kithain can do it, with training. How did you

think ore; ‘your Tanguage?"
‘ =, ‘Poin M4

"After we ag to your Castle Tara-Nar, I should like to ask
ua ea eo d like to take you back to Qlzua
ae DetsON e opinion that we need to

eatd of mermaids taking fishermen
epAlJust because we don't do it anymore

Re member what I said about mermaid's
doesn't Aly vork.on nereids. Anyone who drinks of
like underwater for\a day, and with steady doses,

: m_ sure Qualysga will be happy to help. Then
how we live and what we do, and why we are

"

girsing?"

Mx white face, reddgned, but I understood.
'd like that) Schul."
hack to bed 4

1)

d dreamed about mermaids.

a
t really my lary. They have this
: Pp " A ‘
af "paper" made-ottof weird seaweeds to
nek "I ayer a shitlodd~here in Qlzua,
uf what rat-Bastards us land-d: ts can be.

Bet into TaraNar, bur ¢h) Wott

ey pwn conce: gro :
ing doine asteall}

issing

" were
a siness
made it pe

o ol
d+] pa they
ai y ne prip ities. Préhably because

ing fo Gi pnes re pansile for his

70

fect

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

I decided to take Schul up on his offer. | was just so pissed
off at the whole surface world, at that point.

That night, Qualyssa and I consummated our relation-
ship. She finally started to get over her whole superiority
complex, and I guess she was impressed with my display back
at Tara-Nar. She was everything I've ever looked for in
countless Goth clubs and on dozens of city streets. I really hope
this is lust, but it feels like more. I don't want to relive some
cheesy eighties flick. I don't want to fall in love with a fish.

Well, anyway, enough of that. I'm living in Qlzua now,
and man, it's weird. I got used to the pressure change quickly
enough, but the whole weightless thing is irritating. It's great
if you've got an Apsara, but some of us have legs. Coral cities
don't really take that into account.

We left by way of the harbor. They gave me this biker's
squirt-bottle, and I took a few pulls off it— the taste was, erm,
interesting. Then we just jumped in. I spent some time
holding tightly to Qualyssa, and then, suddenly, I just didn't
really need to breathe anymore, and speech, although tingly,
came naturally. Even to me. The water was a murky gray, and
the floor beneath us was littered with debris. Fascinated, |
swam down to it, Schul guarding my butt with that pitchfork
of his. He keeps insisting I call it a trident. Whatever.

MURDHUACHA HIVES

The grayness led me to think it was raining up topside.
We were a ways out before I first noticed it. | asked them to
follow me as I swam down to a big black shape in the silt —
a truck, a big rig, rusted beyond recognition, lying crumpled
and dead next to a few battered pieces of guardrail. It chilled
me, this hulking gravesite lost and forgotten, so far from its
home. Then I noticed the outline of a familiar shape — a
dog? It certainly looked like a dog. Without thinking, I dove
closer. It was a dog, all right. Poor pooch was half-rotted, his
fur swaying in big clumps in the current. Worse, though, were
the strings of golf ball-sized bubbles hanging from strands
down the back of his throat. I got closer, to find the dog had
been connected to the trailer by weird, organic-looking
plastic strands. I started to back away, suffering from the first
case of the willies I had ever experienced. I thought we sluagh
were supposed to be immune to that!

I came around and poked my head in the cab. A human
skull, jaw half open and tiny crustaceans in its gleaming eye
sockets, stared back at me. I banged my head on the rearview
mirroras I pulled my head back. Suddenly, something touched
my ankle. I lost it, and flipped out completely, thrashing and
struggling.

Looking down I could see that a huge tentacle had
snaked around me. Another came around my wrist. Almost
paralyzed with fear, I watched the murdhuacha emerge from
a hole rusted in the side of the trailer. I began to regret ever
having laughed at these guys.

She must have been twenty feet long. Kelpy green hair,
a sweetly seductive face, grayish-white skin, large chest and
flat stomach that tapered to a single, coiling tentacle. Her
arms were long — too long, and ended in sharp claws. Her
whole body undulated with each of her breaths, which
seemed to come from a tiny tube sticking right out of the
center of her clavicle. Suddenly, a flash of speed, and I saw a
three-pronged polearm sticking out of her tentacle, which let
me go immediately. | dove backward as she filled the water
around her with opaque black murk. I looked up, and it was
Lord Schul and three other merfolk I didn't recognize. One
was a large female riding on the back of a sea turtle, who
carried a shell-carved shield with a symbol of a shark's tooth
etched on it. She retrieved the trident and tapped it against
her shield to shake the sand from it.

"It was my fault," I gasped, looking back at the trailer. "I
disturbed her nest."

"That's why I didn't kill her — although she would not
have done you the same courtesy. Let's go."

CORAL CITIES

When I first saw Qlzua, | was amazed — it really was
breathtaking. Imagine a cross between a coral reef and Times
Square — light and color really just assaulted me upon my
arrival. According to the merfolk, this is only visible chi-
merically, and to any passing humans, it resembles an
uninteresting lump of rock and coral. Not so to Kithain.
Located on top of an undersea mountain, Qlzua looked like
agiant, shimmering starfish, six "arms" or districts stemming
out from the central citadel. Despite the coldness of the
water around me, the city was pleasantly warm.

Situated deep in the Hudson Trench, Qlzua is perched
atop Cairn Mountain in the Atlantic Ocean. The mer
tell me there are also several other large coral cities.
Atlane is located off the coast of southern California,
Hiath is hidden somewhere within the Great Barrier
Reef, Drasch is somewhere in the Mediterranean, Qryll
is in the Caribbean, Quaguin Gateway is near Hibernia,
and of course, Xinqux used to be in the South Pacific.
Well, the city is still there, it's just... silent.

Despite their arrogance on land, | was really treated
rather well... eventually. When I first arrived here, there
was a hell of a ruckus — half the natives wanted to poke me
and see what I was made out of, and half wanted to kill me and
the mer I rode in on. Eventually a messenger from the queen
said that I was to be allowed into the city, and that she wanted
to meet me. The merfolk, once they got over their fear of me,
turned out to be halfway decent Kithain. The food's incred-
ible, although weird (and raw, and sometimes still moving
—that wouldn't bug a redcap, and it doesn't bother me much),
but you don't come to a submarine city populated with
fishpeople without expecting to make allowances that way.

There are shopping districts, art districts, food districts
and military areas. The merfolk tend to barter. When I saw
the place from far away I had assumed that the light was
produced by energy stolen from sea-floor cables, but that's
not the case. The whole city, rather, is alive. Period. The
walls are coral, the lights are a bioluminescent fish, (occa-
sionally bred to be certain colors or shapes) the "vehicles" are
all either animals or chimerae. (Sea turtles and hippocampi
are particularly popular down here.)

Fish dart in and out of the streets like pigeons and
other birds in a normal city. Odd smells, colored water,
and ringing voices make for a disorienting but beautiful
environment.

The city itself is an intentional work of art, interpreted
a hundred different ways by its own denizens. Art is every-
where here. The merfolk claim that its in their culture, but
there's a sadness under the beauty that betrays a sense of loss.
I think the merfolk secretly miss human dreams and human
dreamers — this earthy-crunchy Glamour of theirs is not
really their bag. They are dreams of alien cultures across or
under the sea. No wonder they hate us so much. I think, for
all their posturing, they're jealous of us. We still, after all,
take our dreams from the source.

I've got another day here in Qlzua. Qualyssa and I are
going toa play tonight, and tomorrow | meet with the Queen.
I've never felt so damned important in my life. If I wasn't
underwater, I'm sure I'd be sweating.

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


Ancient and
u unknowable, the
: merfolk pose some-
thing of a problem to

the Kithain. The ar-

| rogance of the mer is
tempered only by their

| truly alien natures, for
| merfolk never mate with
dreamers. Mating exclu-

| sively among their own kind, the merfolk claim that they
are the sole legacy of the Tuatha De Danann, the oldest fae

| on Earth, dreamed long before any human ever set foot on

land. When curious changelings ask how this could be, the
| merfolk are disconcertingly vague and ambiguous.
| Merfolk society is complex and matriarchal, based on
| the same conventions of nobles and fiefdoms that ordinary
| \ Kithain are used to, but the similarities end there. These
| | changelings almost never take their Glamour from human

dreams anymore — in fact, it's as if their whole society is

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

structured around the evasion of hu-
"i manity. More than any other Kithain,
~~ merfolk equate Banality with
te death — if they lose their
seemings, they can no longer breathe. In-
stead, merfolk take their Glamour from the sea, much as
Nunnehi harvest it from the land. The powerful cetaceans
called Rorqual bring the dreamstuff to the merfolk in their
coral cities — vast, bio-architectural masterpieces that
resemble reefs to the untrained eye.
Merfolk revere a powerful entity called "Vatea" —
their creator in their legendry, and according to them,
the creator of all life. Vatea was the one who gave them


Apsarae, or fish-spirits. All mer, merfolk or murdhuacha,
have an "Apsara" which is the sea creature to which the
particular mer is attuned. While the vast majority are the
fish-tailed people of legend, there are still seahorse, eel,
shark, turtle, porpoise and even the rare whale merfolk.
The Apsara of the changeling determines her house and
even her social placement, to some degree. The majority
of shark merfolk are warriors, and porpoise mer are
predisposed to become scholars. It's not certain if the
grafted Apsara influences the young nix's personality, or
if the nereid already has a disposition that attracts a
predestined sort of Apsara to the Grotto. The merfolk
don't ask the question all that much themselves; what
will be will be, and there's no point in arguing with
Vatea's will. 3

Appearance: Merfolk are beautiful. Not with the
unattainable beauty of the sidhe: rather, the merfolk's is
an alien and seductive beauty that inspires more lust
than awe. A mermaid is often a seductive mix of her two
natures, her upper body is warm and inviting as her
lower body tapers into a sultry, muscular tail. Although
merfolk are most commonly silver, blue or greenish,
some, especially those with reef-dwelling Apsarae, are
awash with bright and vivid color. On the rare occasion
that a mer is bonded with a particularly ugly fish, like a
flounder or an oyster cracker, their features become
more human, although they still tend to have the
fishlike tails and coloration. A mer's sexual organs
aren't fully external, although they haven't bred far
enough away from their human roots that they've moved
to external fertilization. When they walk on land, their
tails split into humanlike (if scaled) legs, although their
coloration is still piscine.

On the rare occasion that one sees a mer out of her fae
mien, she is always tall, lithe, muscular and save for her
head, completely hairless. These adaptations are the prod-
uct of hundreds of years of breeding on the ocean floor —a
mer's human body is designed to be one with the Apsara it
is bonded to.

Lifestyle: The merfolk are certainly an odd lot. the
product of a totally alien mindset, the mer are simulta-
neously deadly serious and playful, highly ritualized and
completely freespirited, repressed and yet libidinous as a
drunken prom date. The first thing one will notice about a
mer is his incredible arrogance. Of course, as far as they are
concerned, they have every right to be arrogant. After all,
they do rule the world.

Unlike the prudish sidhe, the merfolk don't see a quick
tumble (well, a quick tumble that isn't carefully covered up)
as an affront to their dignity; sex is a popular form of
recreation among their kind. They also enjoy eating, and
merfolk cuisine is certainly an experience, although few
would call it unpleasant. Artistic expression is very impor-

tant to the mer— most of the "work" that they do is actually
the creation of great undersea masterpieces. The world that
the mer inhabit has just enough Banality to stave off total
Bedlam, outside of that, it's all for the most part free time.
The merfolk enjoy their carefree lives, but can snap to
seriousness in a second.

e¢ Nereids are indistinguishable as merfolk or
murdhuacha; any one nereid could mature into either after
the Rite of Vatea, and there's no telling which it'll be. They
are gray-skinned, fish-eyed babies with webbed fingers and

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS

toes. Although exceptional swimmers, the babies still don't
have gills to help them breathe naturally, so they must rely
on their mother's milk for survival.

© The majority of merfolk are nixes. This is the most
attractive stage in their lives, as well as the most energetic.
Outsiders are usually surprised to find that the nix stage of
life encompasses both "childling" and "wilder"; however,
the process of merfolk survival requires nothing less.
Merfolk nixes are always working, playing, competing and
creating. At this stage, males are called "tritons" and
females "mermaids," although they go by a host of regional
names as well. They love the sea and relish their lives with
carefree abandon.

© Naugs are the strongest of their kith, their bodies
honed by years of unrelenting current. At this stage, the
merfolk's best years are behind her, and she "retires" to a
position of advisor or teacher for the rest of the community.
Most naugs have long, froth-white hair, and tritons are
known to cultivate flowing beards.

BIRTHRIGHTS

¢ Apsara of Vatea — The Merfolk's Apsara, or fish-
spirit, is more than a cosmetic change. The mer gains the
abilities of the creature that she is bonded to, within reason.
A sea turtle mer would have an armored shell that might
grant an extra die of soak, a dolphin mer would have sonar,
and a lionfish mer would have poisonous spikes in her fins.
Merfolk also get an extra dot in one appropriate Attribute
from their Apsarae. A shark, for example, would grant

Strength, not Intelligence, and a marlin would provide
Dexterity or Appearance over Charisma. This added dot
can take the Attribute above 5. The Storyteller decides
what Apsara is linked with what Attribute.

© Gills — The merfolk can breathe underwater as
befitting their Apsarae. Although some merfolk, house
Melusine in particular, don't have gills per se, they still have
blowholes and nostrils that close off, allowing them an
average of up to six hours underwater before they need to
come up for air.

© Ocean's Beauty — Merfolk are beautiful and seduc-
tive. No merfolk can botch an Appearance-related roll, and
all merfolk get an extra dot in Appearance, even if this
carries them beyond five.

FRAILTIES

© The Coldness — Although Banality is devastating to
the sidhe, it is sheer death for the merfolk. As a mer's
Glamour decreases, she finds it harder and harder to breathe,
until at 0, she can only breathe air, and if underwater,
drowns. Even if she does survive, she is often lost, confused
and naked, in the middle of the ocean with no human life
to which to return.

© Out of Touch — The mer have cut themselves off
from human society. Because of this, there are certain
Abilities that are not available to them. A mer cannot
purchase Streetwise, Drive, Firearms or Computer during
character creation without the expenditure of freebie points
(and a good rationale).

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

Not many Kithain are so feared for their animalistic
U ia U a Cc a savagery as the first-dreamed of Dagon, the wild and violent
merrow, the murdhuacha. These sinister aquatic Thallain are
responsible for most of mankind's stories of horrors from the
deep, and still occasionally pluck mortal victims from the safety
(me-ROO-cha) of dry land to feast on their bodies (or worse) under the ever-
shifting waves.

The merrow pose a confusing problem to the Kithain who
know about them. They are certainly cunning and intelligent,
) but their society appears to be nearly completely bestial; even
the alien merfolk are far too human for their tastes. While on
random occasions, collectives called "colonies" crop up, the
society of the merrow seems to be primarily concerned with basic,
animalistic survival. Woe to the poor fool who ventures into a
merrow colony, which is often based ina downed ship or plane. He

won't be returning.

These Kithain seem to have a legendry that, oddly,
coincides partially with that of the merfolk and par-
tially with that of the Rokea. The primal merrow
have often clashed with the weresharks,
and such battles are often known to
4 boil the waters pink with blood for

Ey miles. According to the merrow,

Pa they are the dreams of Dagon,
@— whom most Rokea would interpret
as Qyrl. As their legends have it, the
merrow were born long before the fishes
themselves. Dagon noticed the foam that
rose up when he crashed into the sea from
where he hung in the sky. Taking the piece of the
sky from his mouth, he placed it within one of
the bubbles, and the first merrow egg was
created. Soon, the Fish-Father, Vatea, grew
jealous and sent his fledgling children to
_ change the nereids in the Grottoes, and

the usurper race of the merfolk was born. The
murdhuacha have taken this affront personally
ever since, attacking the peaceful merfolk at
every opportunity.
The merrow, while animalistic, are
. N not stupid, and are just as capable of
communication, art, technology and
Po) Progress as any other Kithain. Most
2 outsiders believe they have just re-
\ treated farthest from Banality, deep

Tinto sub-aquatic lairs and com-
‘a pletely inhuman lifestyles. Like
ye the merfolk, their human blood

Yy seems to have grown fairly thin,

although they will occasionally steal
a kiss from a drowning sailor. Some
argue that they are not Thallain at all,
but something far older, and something far more sinister.

After all, wherever they are, there can't be enough mortal

dreams to sustain them...

Appearance: The merrow are only barely human-
seeming, and while the females can be strangely beautiful,
the males are nothing short of hideous by human standards.

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS

"7
11


A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_

Male murdhuacha, also called "Nucks," appear to be com-
pletely skinless from the waist up. While this isn't really the
case (the skin is merely transparent, like that of a jellyfish),
it's no less unsettling. The females have slightly more pig-
mentation, but usually in the odd greens or blues of their
particular Apsarae. Since the Apsara of a merrow virtually
never comes from a fish or whale or any other backboned
creature, merrow tend toward hideous molluscoid pseudopo-
dia, huge lobster tails, or, most commonly, a single, coiling
tentacle as if from a squid or octopus. Murdhuacha rarely wear
clothing, but often drape themselves in seaweed and kelp to
enhance their fearsome look.

Lifestyle: The merrow are thought by many to be the
unluckier of the mer who undergo the Rite of Vatea — which
they, perhaps unsurprisingly, refer to as the rite of Dagon. A
murdhuacha nereid, like her Seelie counterpart, is born in
human form, and grows up in a human form, although merrow
nereids rarely make it very far. A female merrow lays up to six or
seven hundred eggs in a (preferably human) corpse, unlike her
live-bearing Seelie counterpart. Of the dozens of nereids that
manage to hatch, the vast majority succumb to Banality, die of
exposure, or are consumed by predators as the parents watch.
Although this is hard for them, the merrow understand it is
Dagon's way, that the weak should die so the strong may live.

When the time comes, the surviving nereids are taken to
the nearest Grotto to undergo the Rite of Dagon, where their
fate will be determined. If a fish or cetacean enters the Grotto,
the merrow either leave or kill the emerging merfolk fry. But
should the Grotto be explored by one of the sea's other
denizens, the child emergesa full-blooded merrow. The merrow
are rarely quite so beautiful as the merfolk, and their bodies can
be the chitinous appendages of crabs or lobsters, the slow,
brightly-colored tail of a nudibranch or, most commonly, a
long coiling tentacle, as if from a octopus, squid, or even a
Chulorviah. The name "Siren," after all, means "entangler."

 Nereids are virtually identical: slick-skinned, grayish
babies with large, black eyes, webbed fingers, and a need of
their mother's milk to keep them from drowning.

¢ Nixes are the most common merrow. They are hid-
eous, elegantly animalistic Kithain that have abandoned all
traces of humanity for the safety of the ocean floor. They have
a grotesque look to them that would send H. R. Giger
scuttling for his sketchbook. The skinless males are called
"nucks" and the beautifully alien females are the "sirens" that
sailors have feared since the dawn of sailing.

© Naugs are often very powerful and extremely savage.
Eventually, an elder member becomes a draw on the colony,
and at that point, the Thallain senior is chased from the lair
and hunted down by the rest of the hive. If it dies, it feeds the
young. If it manages to survive, Dagon most certainly finds
work for this particular murdhuacha...

BIRTHRIGHTS

© Apsara of Dagon — The merrow's Apsarae grant them
powers much like those of their Seelie cousins — jellyfish
murdhuacha are certainly poisonous, sea urchin merrow are
covered in sharp spines, and squid murdhuacha are often bio-

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

luminescent, with long, ensnaring tentacles. The Storyteller
can adjudicate the appropriate bonuses as usual. The
murdhuacha also gain an extra dot in an appropriate At-
tribute, although it almost never goes into Intelligence (and
never into Appearance if the merrow is male).

© Gills — Unlike the merfolk, all murdhuacha Apsarae
have gills, and all can stay underwater indefinitely.

Pelagic Nightmare — The murdhuacha are as horren-
dous as the mer are beautiful. Even the better-looking
murdhuacha are still a bizarre mix of human and cephalopod,
jellyfish, annelid or other creature that makes for an unset-
tling mix. Anyone looking upon a merrow for the first time
must make a Willpower roll or be frozen in shock for one turn.
Usually, this is all the murdhuacha need.

FRAILTIES

© The Coldness — Murdhuacha suffer from the same
curse as the merfolk, and Banality kisses them just as quickly.
However, the murdhuacha enthusiastically call upon the
Wyrd when dealing with humans, so as to procure warm
bodies for their eggs.

© Out of Touch — These Thallain have no more
contact with human society than do their merfolk cousins.
They cannot purchase Streetwise, Drive, Firearms or Com-
puter without spending freebie points or experience.


da

HOUSES

Each particular branch of the merfolk "trident" has its
own place in mer society. representing a member of the
aquatic Triat. Unlike land-based Kithain, the merfolk all
believe themselves to be nobles in some capacity or an-
other, and all pledge their allegiance to a house. Entrance
into a house is typically based on the merfolk's Apsara, and
each one has its own slant on undersea life.

some amount of service. During.
oble is feeling particularly crué
mixben a group ‘murdhi

HOUSE LORELEI

The merfolk of House Lorelei realize that their House
is the representation of Dagon in the Triat; they inter-
pret this as their duty to find and destroy his minions
wherever they may be, be they human, murdhuacha, or
even Chulorviah. House Lorelei is a house of warriors
and hunters — the Apsarae of the Lorelei are typically
sharks, eels, skates, rays, guitarfishes, barracuda and even

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


some of the predators of the Abyssal Zone, such as
viperfish and gulper eels.

Facing off against a Lorelei in her own element is
not strongly advised. The fighting style of the house
hinges on an underwater environment; these fae are
hindered on dry land, but almost unstoppable undersea.
Prone to violent frenzies, a Lorelei is a creative, inde-
pendent fighter, used to fighting in all three dimensions.
The trident is the preferred weapon of these warriors —
slashing with a sword or axe is wildly inefficient under-
water, and a trident still grants the advantage of reach.
Lorelei are not the disciplined, rank-and-file types that
come to mind when one thinks of the word "soldier."
Even in highly organized units, the merfolk of house
Lorelei operate with an autonomy that is almost un-
heard of on land. It's not that the Lorelei can't follow
orders, it's just that their unusual fighting style and
diversity within their own ranks requires a degree of
freedom.

Lorelei are often assigned to various missions by
high-ranking Syrinx (and their Melusine advisors) based
on their capabilities. An anglerfish Lorelei may get an
Abyssal Zone detail while a mako would probably get
something closer to the surface. Lorelei also guard

. the coral cit-

TT
14

vvvvvyvvyvyy
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

A_A _A _A _A _A

ies and serve as bodyguards for various other merfolk.
The Lorelei enjoy a degree of safety from the weresharks,
who apparently see them as something of kindred spirits.
It's not much (there's never such thing as "completely
safe" with the Rokea), but it's better than nothing.

Boon: The Lorelei are devastating opponents in
battle. All Lorelei gain one free dot in Brawl, Melee or
Dodge, and this bonus doubles in the water. Similarly,
Lorelei pack a vicious bite that does Str +1 damage
when it connects.

Flaw: All Lorelei, regardless of how docile their Apsara
may be, are prone to frenzy at the smell of blood. When a
Lorelei smells blood, she must gain three successes on a
Willpower roll or fly into a maniacal frenzy, attacking
anything that moves for the next five turns.

HOUSE MELUSINE

The merfolk of House Melusine, the smallest and least
trusted house, are those few chosen by the Shelled One to
act as his representatives among Vatea's Children. Valued
as intellectuals, the merfolk of house Melusine are the
lorekeepers and scholars of merfolk society.

Oddly, House Melusine is also known for holding the
majority of Apsarae that are not truly Vatea's children.
Although they are all merfolk, the members of house
Melusine are virtually all devoid of gills. Whales, por-
poises, pinnipeds, otters, sea snakes, turtles and even a
few diving birds all become Melusine. The Melusine

certainly feel the sting of prejudice from their
brethren, but the knowledge that they are in-
dispensable to merfolk society eases the ache
somewhat.

Since the Melusine must surface to
breathe, they are more in tune with
the surface world than
the other merfolk.


Some nixes even go so far as to break the unwritten law
and sneak aboard a ship or an island and "go native" for
a few days. While it is known that this is done, it is still
not tolerated in merfolk society — the punishments vary,
but are often harsh enough to startle even an Unseelie.

The majority of bio-architects and coral artists are
Melusine merfolk, and even a few high-ranking nobles
are Melusine. In recent years the Melusine have become
indispensable for their knowledge of surface matters.
This sudden need for their skill has led some other
merfolk, particularly Lorelei, to question the motives of
the Melusine, sometimes going so far as to even accuse
this house of collaboration with the surface-dwellers.
The Melusine typically ignore these accusations, and the
mightier among them are quite capable of exacting ven-
geance should the insult be too severe.

Boon: Melusine fae are rather more in touch with
the society of the landwalkers. They purchase the "for-
bidden skills" — Streetwise, Drive, Firearms and
Computer — without restriction.

Flaw: The Melusine must all breathe air. Melusine
must surface every six hours to breathe before the danger of
drowning sets in.

HOUSE SYRINX

The merfolk of House Syrinx call themselves the
"true chosen of Vatea," for their Apasarae are taken from
the bony fishes that populate the seas from coast to coast.
Syrinx Apsarae include lionfish, sea horses, swordfish,
marlins, sunfish, mackerel, tuna, parrotfish — the
list goes on and on. The Syrinx are
the largest house, and the repre-
sentatives of Vatea to his

own children. Acting as something of a mix between
nobles and spiritual leaders, the merfolk of house Syrinx
venerate the sea through art, dance, and music.

Merfolk of House Syrinx are typical of what people
picture when they hear the words "Mermaid" or "Tri-
ton" — beautiful, capricious, fish-tailed water spirits
who love to cavort but can be deadly when angered. It
was the Syrinx who were responsible for legends of
helpful sea-folk who would help the wind steer a ship or
blow a sultry kiss to a lonely sailor; however, the Syrinx
were just as renowned as angry sea-gods calling storms
from blue skies to sink a vessel or for singing men to
their doom.

Most members of merfolk society are Syrinx, and
they take pride in their affiliation. Fully as large as the
other two houses put together, Syrinx is simultaneously
home to the highest and lowest ranking merfolk. Al-
though the majority of "citizens" are Syrinx, so are
their leaders, with the other two houses filling the
political spaces between. The members of house Syrinx
take their responsibility very seriously — a task which
they see as being leadership of the world. After all, they
are the nobility of the oceans, and the oceans are the
"real world" to anyone with any knowledge of simple
geography.

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS

The current Queen of the Mer, a breathtakingly
beautiful lionfish nix named Naomi, belongs to this
house. Clearly disturbed by current events, it was humili-
ating for her to try to enlist the aid of the land-based
Kithain, but she could see no other way. This is a very
tense time for her — she could suffer the shame of failing
all her people, or be raised on a pedestal as the greatest
hero the mer have ever known.

Boon: Members of house Syrinx are more regal than
other mer, and can even command the creatures of the
sea to recognize their sovereignty to some degree. A
Syrinx mer may roll Charisma + Survival to exert this
influence; she may control one larger creature or one
school of smaller fishes

for each success
rolled.

A_A4_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_AA—A—_A_A_A_A_A_A_<A{4_,

Flaw: More than any other merfolk, the members of
House Syrinx need the water. A Syrinx loses one Will-
power point for every day that she does not spend at
least an hour immersed in water. Lost Willpower can
only be recovered by spending several hours at a time
submerged.

NEW ARTS

These arts, while for the most part not completely
unique to the mer, are pretty darn rare out of water. The
merfolk used these powers quite freely before the Sunder-
ing, but now they are loath to call attention to themselves
so openly.

It's not particularly surprising that mer Bunks tend
to be water-oriented, although they are very different
between the two kith. A level-three merfolk Bunk may
be "shoot to the surface and splash mightily out of the
water," while its murdhuacha counterpart would more
likely be something along the lines of "find something
with more legs than you and eat it while it's still wrig-
gling." (And in such cases, avoid the smiling merrow
with a single tentacle below the waist....)

APHRODISIA

Desire is a powerful thing. While the sexual applica-
tions of this art are obvious, its practice is far more useful
than simple physical gratification. Otherwise rational people
can be made to spend their life savings on trash, and those
who are otherwise apathetic can be made to treasure an

item forever. And, of course, there is sex. This art was
taught to a few satyrs in the Middle Ages; some old goats
scorn it as "false emotion," but most who see the power's
effects figure it is a logical outgrowth of the Song of Pan.
The mer are historically famous for using this Art in
conjunction with calling upon the Wyrd, in order to
lure sailors off the decks of ships and into their clutches.

The Art is at its most powerful when its wielder uses
each power one by one, subtly building on the
strength of the target's desire, until the
target has convinced himself that
his desire is not only natural,
but not at all irrational.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

vveyvyey


Aphrodisia can be resisted by Willpower, although
the roll to resist is automatic and unconscious; the person
affected shouldn't automatically know that acantrip is at
work. The number of successes the caster scores deter-
mines just how many successes are necessary for the
onlooker's Willpower roll to be able to ignore the cantrip's
effects. To shrug off the cantrip, the witness must score
the caster's number of successes plus one. For example,
Lady Perue uses Fancy on a shiny (and drugged) apple in
a bowl of fruit as Lord Talbot is scanning the feasting
table. If Lady Perue gets three successes on her Fancy roll,
then Lord Talbot must score four successes on his Will-
power roll to be unaffected.

Attribute: Charisma

FANCY

This cantrip gets someone to pleasa
thing they would not have ordinarily g
of a fae guarantee of a good first imp
stand out of a crowd or one
shopkeeper's cart leap to the
guarantee that the item isas
crowd is the duke's love foy
proverbial "foot in the doo

System: The Realm di
noticed, rather than who dq
changeling must time the
doesn't want any and all on
sometimes it's appropriate
court functions.

Fancy can't be used té
powers of stealth; although i8
sluagh lurking in the bushes (2
least get the benefit of a good
couldn't point out the same sluagh i
Veiled Eyes.

Type: Chimerical

» TEARN

This cantrip places a quick flash of desire in a target's
mind, most likely when he is thinking about something else.
The target suddenly feels a need for whatever is placed
inside his mind.

System: The Realm determines who is affected;
use of the Time Realm can plant a suggestion in a
target's mind to be "set off" later. This is certainly one
way of ensuring that your date of last evening calls you
again....

The object of the target's affections need not be
present at the time of the cantrip's casting, but he must
be familiar with it. A changeling can't use Yearn to make

a person long for something he's only vaguely familiar
with, or has seen but never paid all that much attention
to. The object must stand out in his mind somehow, even
if it's as vague as "that beautiful girl I saw in the window
of Café Au Lait."

Type: Chimerical

~~ COVET

Amore powerful version of Yearn, this cantrip causes
the target to begin obsessing over the object of his
affections. While the victim is still rational, her object of
desire moves up a few rungs on the victim's ladder of
priorities. She begins to lose sleep, and will find herself
absently thinking about the object of her attention at
peculiar times.

The Realm determines who can be affected by
et lasts for about a day's time.

rational, and the object of
- He will do just about
rdize himself, his closest
tions to be close to what

ore, determines who the
bf Crave last for about a

, sanity goes right out the window.
Verboard to drown with the object of
at's what it takes. He's completely ob-
‘ouble even so much as focusing on anything

SPT his person is irrational and dangerous, and not above
destroying the object of his affections to prevent others
from getting it.

System: Need lasts for a scene. The Realm, yet again,
determines who the caster can affect.
Type: Chimerical

KRYOS

Ice isn't nearly so feared on land as it is in the water,
but it can often spell death for the mer. Although this Art
was created by the mer, trolls who witness its ice-sculpt-
ing beauty often beg to be taught its ways. Its beauty has
a double edge to changelings, who sense its connection
to the forces of Banality — immobility, rigidity, crystal-

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS

amd
16

A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

line symmetry — all too readily. Although still devastat-
ing on land, the powers of Kryos all work underwater at
a-l difficulty.

Attribute: Strength

COLD SHOCK

This cantrip makes a target bitterly cold, not quite to
the freezing point, but certainly enough to cause discom-
fort. The cold bites down almost instantly, and it is as
though the person or object had been in freezing weather
for some time. Although uncomfortable to mortals, it
can be theoretically devastating to cold-blooded ani-
mals. Underwater, this serves as a nasty punishment; on
land it tends to see more mundane uses (such as keeping
drinks cold). Tattered Mel, a pooka unfortunate enough
to taste this cantrip's effects after an unwanted play for a
merfolk's affections, called the effect "something like an
ice cream headache when Satan's working the soda
fountain."

System: The

pursuer; it's also great for ice skating. The Realm deter-
mines who or what is covered by the ice.

The number of successes determine the thickness of
the ice.

1 Success — "Wafer thin"

2 Successes — Quarter-inch

3 Successes — Half-inch

4 Successes — Three-quarters of an inch

5 Successes — One inch

Type: Wyrd

~~» FROST FACSIMILE

This handy cantrip allows the changeling to create a
tangible facsimile of an item out of ice. This changeling

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

is almost never caught without a weapon, and always
seems to have an extra tool handy. While the facsimile is
still crafted of ice (a magnetic keypad will not unlock for
an ice key, and an ice crowbar is too brittle to pry
anything ) this is still a wildly useful art for creating
diversions and handy devices.

Successes: The Realm determines what can be copied,
and the number of successes determines the strength of the
item created. Note that the heat of the general area can
affect this outcome.

1 Success — Generally weak and flimsy

2 Successes — Not brittle, but still likely to melt

3 Successes — Reasonably sturdy

4 Successes — Not likely to break or melt

5 Successes — Strong as steel

Type: Wyrd

+» CRYSTAL PRISON

epcases a victim ina

= : gly encased and

+e COLDHEART

The devastating effects of this cantrip literally freeze
someone from the inside out. Unlike the choking effects
of Crystal Prison, Coldheart is more of a mystical freez-
ing, like suspended animation; the changeling can even
use it on herself in times of crisis. The target of the
cantrip becomes painfully cold to the touch. While
frozen the target is unconscious, immune to poisons,
gases, and other toxins, and all bodily processes cease.
However, the frozen target is also as brittle as ice, and
thawing after being shattered is highly unpleasant.

System: The Realm determines who or what can be
frozen.

The number of successes determines the length of
time the target remains frozen until it melts. Unless the

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS

19


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

iM

\ din\\

- Yes Seay changeling's roll botches, she may choose to have the
mt a \ { Uy, duration be anything up to and including her total
ES ST Al success; for instance, if Tarshinelle gets four successes on
(iis a eee her roll, and wants to freeze herself only for a week's time,
) : she may do that. However, if she botched her roll, she
) might find herself frozen for the whole year, possibly plus
) change.
1 Success — One day
2 Successes — One week
3 Successes — One month
4 Successes — One year
5 Successes — Permanent (although some say that a

kiss can rouse the victim)
Type: Wyrd

SKYCRAFT

Since the dawn of time, mankind has made offer-
ings to the gods before undergoing an aquatic journey
of any sort. The changelings who know Skycraft pro-

stunned or deafened (Storyteller s discretion).

The Realm decrees just how the thunderclap is gener-
ated; for example, Actor or Fae indicates that the thunder
will sound when the target gestures, while Nature or Prop
would set the thunder to discharge when the given object
is raised.

The number of successes determine how far away the
thunderclap will be heard.

1 Success — Half mile

2 Successes — One mile

3 Successes — Three miles

4 Successes — Five miles

5 Successes — Ten miles

Type: Wyrd (or Chimerical)

vvvrvivvrevrvyvvvyvvyvvyewvyvwvyswyését'qvy=siéjtl_yiey:
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

~ COMPASS WINDS

The changeling can create a strong wind and direct it
at a given object. This wind lasts as long as the changeling
maintains concentration on the object. Its strength is
variable, but can be enough to push a ship or knock over
a grown man.

System: The Realm determines the target of the
cantrip, and the number of successes determines the
wind's strength. Note that merfolk must remain at least
partially above the surface in order to concentrate on
maintaining the wind.

The number of successes determines the wind's strength.

1 Success — 10 miles an hour

2 Successes — 20 miles an hour

3 Successes — 40 miles an hour

4 Successes — 50 miles an hour

5 Successes — 80 miles an hour

Type: Chimerical or Wyrd

» DARK SKY
low-lying
a specific

4 Successeé pe

5 Successes — pe your hand in front of
your face.
Type: Chimerical or Wyrd

+ STORMCRAFT

The changeling using this cantrip can summon down
the clouds themselves in the form of a terrible storm.
This storm wreaks its fury relentlessly on the subject of
the cantrip until the changeling ceases to concentrate —
however,

sometimes the storms can rage out of control and begin
working destruction at random. Often, the storm has an
ominously human appearance, like a sneering human face
or an angry old man (these are usually more common in the
chimerical castings).

vVvvvvvv Vv VY WY WY WY WY WY W YW

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


Systems:
The Realm deter-
mines the cantrip's
target; for instance,
Prop can call down a
storm on a vessel. Natu-
rally, the most common
Realm used with Stormcraft
is Scene.

At the time of casting,
the Storyteller should secretly
roll the character's Willpower
roll (difficulty 7) to determine the
changeling's level of control over
the storm. If the roll is successful, the
storm disperses when the changeling
bids it to or ceases concentrating. If the
roll fails, the storm may linger on for a
while, or wink out prematurely. A botch,
naturally, means that the storm becomes
uncontrollable, and probably starts working
devastation on things the changeling would
rather remain safe.

The number of successes determines the
strength of the storm.

1 Success — Drizzle

2 Successes — Shower

3 Successes — Thunderstorm

4 Successes —Tempest

5 Successes — Monsoon

Type: Wyrd or Chimerical

oo CALL LIGHTNING

This devastating cantrip holds a place of fear in the
hearts of all Kithain, as the user actually uses his body to
channel a lighting bolt down from a cloudless sky and fry
his victim. Often only used in times of extreme urgency,
Call Lightning does an unholy amount of damage to a
target.

System: The Realm simply determines the target.

The lightning bolt does five dice of damage to its target,
plus one extra die for every success on the roll. The damage
is considered aggravated unless the lightning strike is chi-
merical in nature.

Type: Wyrd or Chimerical

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

NEW TREASURES

Merfolk Treasures are almost always organic in form;
no mer has ever tried to infuse Glamour into a wetsuit or
glass bottle. Even the murdhuacha's occasional metal
weapons are always salvaged things, bits of sharpened
metal worked into a framework of carefully woven kelp
and shaped coral. Although their Treasures would disap-
point a nocker's sense of aesthetics, they are nonetheless
works of art, the products of lazy Caribbean dreams — or
vivid North Sea nightmare.

MERMAID 'S MILK (LEVEL ONE TREASURE)

This odd form of concentrated Glamour is exactly
what it sounds like. Mermaid's Milk enchants mortals
like any other faerie food or drink; however, unlike other
faerie food, it bestows the ability to live underwater for
one day per point of Glamour consumed. On top of
bestowing the ability to live underwater without breath-
ing, the Milk protects ears from pressure changes and the
skin from pruning up. The eyes are also affected, and are
better attuned to seeing underwater (although vision
seems a little blurry above water, like looking through
still-wet goggles.) A gallon jug contains no more than
five point's worth of the Milk.

MER TRIDENT (LEVEL TWO TREASURE)

These are the famous coral tridents of the
mer. Equally common among merfolk and
murdhuacha, the trident is a more practi-
cal weapon than a sword or axe

underwater. The trident is treated
much like a spear (difficulty 6 to
use, Strength +3 dice of dam-
age), and can be used
underwater with-
out penalty. Mer
varia-


tions tend to grant an extra die to melee dice pools, while merrow variations tend
to leave pus-filled, festering wounds scuttling with tiny crabs. More powerful
variants occur on both sides of the war.

MELUSINE'S MIRROR (LEVEL THREE TREASURE)

This treasure reflects the basic nature of things. Werecreatures'
reflections caught in the Mirror show their vicious Crinos forms, fae their
true seemings, Chulorviah their pulpy tentacles, and so on; even held up
to a suitcase, for example, it will reveal the bomb inside. Of course, this
doesn't make it a handy way to see through walls; the bomb would be
revealed only because the mirror would divine the suitcase's "true nature"
as a trap rather than an innocent way of carrying clothes. Holding up the
Mirror to a computer will just reveal a computer, not a listing of files; the
computer's reflection is likely to appear different only if it's atechnomagickal
device rather than a mundane piece of equipment. To activate the Mirror's
power, its owner must successfully roll Perception + Enigmas and spend a
point of Glamour.

CONCH OF POSEIDON (LEVEL FOUR TREASURE)

These powerful Treasures are something of an oddity among the <
matriarchal merfolk — only males are allowed to carry them. They SY
appear as beautiful, spiraling conch shells with a pattern of wind and ey
wave etched along their exteriors. These treasures can actually suck < <a) vy
up an entire storm, to be blown out again when needed. Needless me
to say, both applications of the treasure are highly useful, but "al

require a successful Charisma + Performance roll and the expen-
diture of two points of Glamour. For some reason, no female can "==

use a Conch of Poseidon; the Treasure simply remains inert in =a,
distaff hands.

oh
b y
cH

CORAL COMB (LEVEL FIVE TREASURE)

This powerful item is probably best left with Murdhuacha (who
need it more than most), for were it to be discovered by land-based
groups such as the Pu'Gwis or Nosferatu, they would stop at nothing
to get it. The Coral Comb has the ability to comb away hideousness
like leaves and sticks from fine hair. The user rolls Charisma +
Expression to activate the comb; he may then expend a perma-
nent point of Glamour in exchange for gaining a permanent
dot in Appearance. (Botches, needless to say, may
take the Glamour away without granting any Ap-
pearance at all.) The comb cannot be used more &J
than three times before it shatters, and cannot
take one's Appearance above 5 at any rate — it
combs away ugliness, but cannot bestow super-
human beauty.

CHAPTER TWO: DENIZENS


A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

CHAPTER THREE:

SPINNING TANS

But not only is the sea such a foe to man who is an alien to it, but it is also a fiend
to its own off-spring; worse than the Persian host who murdered his own guests; sparing
not the creatures which itself has spawned. Like a savage tigress that tossing in the jungle
overlays her own cubs, so the sea dashes even the mightiest whales against the rocks,
and leaves them there side by side with the split wrecks of ships. No mercy, no power
butits own controls it. Panting and snorting like a mad battle steed that has lost its rider,

the masterless ocean overruns the globe.
— Herman Melville, Moby Dick

Storytelling a game that's set at sea is a rather different
experience than the usual landlocked story or chronicle. It
can be pretty daunting, even if you did grow up in a coastal
city. After all, it's one thing to visit the beach on a regular
basis, but another thing entirely to picture life three hun-
dred feet under, without breathing apparatus or wetsuit.
Still, the oceans of the World of Darkness are just as
immense as those of our own world, and have a hefty supply
of stories of their own. This chapter is your guide to taking
the various elements of the maritime environment and
fusing them into a truly exotic story — or even chronicle.

It's of course important to realize that not every square
mile of ocean hosts a supernatural entity. After all, the
supernatural denizens of the World of Darkness are rare
enough on land — it'd be ridiculous to assume that there

would be a greater concentration in the water. It's quite
possible to travel from the Bahamas to the Mediterranean
and never cross over the path of an unnatural denizen.
However, the scattered population of the seas' denizens
has some sinister connotations of its own. The oceanic
supernaturals who claim "territory" are in the minority, and
the percentage of the oceans that they actually control is
almost infinitesimal. Practically speaking, this means there's
precious little to stop a powerful pelagic denizen from going
wherever it chooses, whenever it chooses. Although the
Rokea are bloodily efficient at removing what they consider
"threats to Sea," they can hardly be everywhere at once.
That Mariner, Rokea slew or Chulorvian swarm that just
boarded the characters' vessel, tore them almost to shreds
and then abandoned ship? Good luck tracking them. They

ail Fe
Ro

vvvvevvyvvvywyéiyv
CHAPTER THREE: SPINNING YARNS

oe
wy

65

TT
66

A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_{4_

can come back to finish the job whenever they want.
Whenever they want. Impress that onto your players, and
suddenly you'll find you have a whole new dread-inducing
tool at your fingertips.

MOOD

A well-crafted mood is what keeps the players coming
back for more. Blood-Dimmed Tides stories should ooze
mood — after all, you're describing an environment that's
180 degrees away from your players' everyday lives. The
ocean is exotic, vast, virtually unknowable. It should inspire
at least some sort of emotion in your players; otherwise, you
might as well keep the story landlocked.

MYSTIQUE

When reading about the terrible privations suffered by
the crew of most seagoing vessels over the course of history,
one wonders why anyone in their right mind would leave
the security of land behind for such an existence. Well,
leaving aside the press-ganged, galley slaves and other
involuntary sailors for now, it's probably due to the mys-
tique of the sea.

The ocean is timeless, in a way. It doesn't automati-
cally seem so when you're standing on a concrete pier with
a cell-phone in hand, or when you're playing electronic
slot machines aboard a cruise liner, but once you're brought
face-to-face with the elements (for example, when crewing
a small ship or during a dive) it becomes apparent how
little things have changed over millennia. The sea is still
fickle, tossing up hurricanes and waterspouts seemingly at
its every whim. It shows us a serene face, but keeps
hundreds of secrets from us. To many people, it's a terrible,
beautiful, mercurial lover.

The lure of the sea is twofold. First of all, there's the
opportunity for travel. Although it's now possible to hop in
a plane and be across the globe in a matter of hours, travel
by boat feels much more like, well, travel. Plying the shifting
waves and feeling the spray on one's face is a lot more
immediate than sitting down in a metal box and not leaving
until you've hit your destination. The ocean is the gateway
to the exotic; consider the difference between arriving in
London by way of Heathrow and dropping anchor in Rio de
Janerio's harbor. The sea has been linked with exploration
and new sights ever since Homer decided to tell a little story
about a clever general who got a bit lost on the way home.
Your players have been raised on this association; milk it for
all it's worth.

But secondly, the mystique of the oceans relies on the
oceans themselves. Sailing across the waters is an entirely
different experience than walking across a plain, because
there's somuch more going on underneath your feet. We see

vvvvyvvyv vv Vv vy vy VW VW WY W YW

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES


only a tiny fraction of what's going on in the ocean at any
one time, and this whets our appetite for more. People have
always had that tiny little temptation to jump over the
railing, to sink to the ocean floor to find out what's waiting
to welcome them there. Indulge your players in that temp-
tation — sooner or later, they'll realize that's what they
really want.

HELPLESSNESS

Nobody likes to feel helpless, and your players are
probably no exception. However, a feeling of helplessness is
one of the key elements of a good horror story — as well as
a major element in almost every good sea story ever told.
Nobody — nobody — can control the sea. From Homer's
Odyssey to the inevitable news reports about buildings
washed away by the inexorable sea, people have always
understood that the oceans are larger, stronger and much
more determined than they are. In the stories where people
are given powers over wind and wave, such people are
always understood to be this side of demigods. Everyone else
is at the mercy of the waves.

Exploit this. Show your players what it's like to be
caught in a hurricane or too near a waterspout. Demon-
strate the power of the ocean, and make it clear that no
Discipline, rote or fast-talking of spirits is going to shift
things in their favor. If they're lucky and smart, they can
increase their odds of survival — but don't give them too
much more. Make the ocean itself seem alive and either
uncaring or malevolent. When bringing out krakenesque
horrors from beneath the ocean floor, emphasize their
scale; subtly hint at how insignificant the players are next
to these things. Obviously, this isn't a point you want to
hammer home — that'll just get you accused of favoring
the monsters (well, the monsters that the players aren't
controlling). Work it quietly and subtly. Stir the waves
and clouds slowly. Darken the sky. Then start building
things up. If you do your job properly, the players will be
on the edges of their seats when they realize how little
their preparations and tactics are worth.

THEME

So just why are you planning a story or chronicle set at
sea, anyway? The answer usually lies in your theme. Even if
you're just thinking of dropping your players into the
underwater environment for a casual night or two of
roleplaying, picking a theme for the story can only improve
play. Having an underlying theme coloring each scene
helps give a sense of completion, reassuring the players that
they've actually experienced something. There are any
number of themes you can select; the following are just a
couple of options.

CHAPTER THREE: SPINNING TARNS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_ {_

THE UNKNOWN

Certainly the most unnerving thing about the ocean
is how little we understand it. In some ways, this theme
isn't too unlike that of helplessness; both stress the char-
acters' relative inability to control their environment.
However, the unknown is a step beyond; it can convey a
sense of helplessness without even the security of knowing
that you are helpless — or if there's a solution that you just
can't see.

The unknown can conjure up a variety of moods, all of
which are appropriate for an at-sea story. It can inspire a
sense of wonder which is certainly apt for Changeling
stories. Just as often, if not moreso, it can evoke fear.

One particular trick to use to stress this is to limit the
character's senses. You don't have to go very far under the
surface before light starts failing you; once you're down a few
thousand feet, you can't see your hand in front of your face
without a light source. Similarly, most non-native charac-
ters will be severely disadvantaged by their lack of olfactory
acuity; it's a lot easier for the Rokea to smell you than it is
for you to smell him. Hearing isn't much help to airbreathers,
either; water does conduct sound nicely, but if all you can
hear is your own breather, you won't be picking out the
silent approach of the creatures behind you. Only the truly

adapted such as the Mariners, Rokea and mer are suffi-
ciently attuned to their environments to be comfortable
underwater — and even they can't see all that far, can't hear
the murdhuacha hidden in a school of tuna, can't smell the
vampire over the blood he's spilling. And even sonar isn't
much help: It may be a little blip or a big blip, but will you
really know what it is before it arrives?

Play on this theme by having things happen at night, or
down below the "Sunlight Zone." The Grottoes, some of the
most important places in all the seas, are almost always
lightless. Project: Deepwater sits on a shelf where the only
light it receives is what it can manage to manufacture itself
— cold comfort. Let the players know that what they sense
is only the tiniest fraction of what's going on, of what's
important. To get the full story, they'll have to take some
considerable risks...

VASTNESS

It's perfectly all right if your players feel self-important;
they are the stars of the story, after all. However, if they're
getting a little too full of themselves, nothing can bring
them back down to size quite like a story set in or on the
ocean. The ocean is huge and terrible, and quite indifferent
to the tiny creatures that cut here and there across its face.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

vvvrvyvTVvyvV Vv Vv VY VY VY VY VY WV WV VY WY WV WY WW

A_A _A_A_A

Even a hundred-foot-long supernatural whale is a pinprick
against the vast, dark tapestry of the oceans as a whole.

As a theme, vastness is very appropriate for a horror
story. It can represent the uncaring universe, or the inexo-
rable grind of an unpleasant fate. The protagonists of a
horror tale should always be in over their heads, and an
oceanic setting can help drive home how futile their hopes
and dreams just might be in the grand scheme of things.

Evoke this theme by taking the characters far from
shore, preferably to where they can sail or travel for days
without crossing a single ship's path, much less encounter
land. For pelagic natives, have them range far afield,
traveling for days or weeks away from their normal terri-
tory. When the players are starting to act worried, they're
starting to get it.

STORIES AND GROUPS

By now, you should probably have a good idea of
whether you want to take your usual gang of characters to
sea for a story or two, or instead ask your players to create
characters for a story (or even chronicle) with a strictly
aquatic focus. Both options have their tricky spots, but
either can be well worth the trouble.

LANDFARERS AT SEA

Let's face it, although there's plenty going on beneath
the waves of the World of Darkness, most of the action
takes place on land. The overwhelming majority of
shapeshifters, magi, vampires, fae and wraiths are tied to
the continents, not the ocean floor. If you're currently
overseeing an ongoing chronicle, it's almost assuredly of
this variety (unless you're running an Umbral game or are
one step ahead of this book). But now that you know what
sort of things your players can expect to deal with in the
oceans, you're rather tempted to take them out for a short
cruise. No problem.

For simplicity's sake, this section presumes you don't
want to take your current group out to the oceans for the
course of a whole chronicle — after all, you already know
where your chronicle's headed, right? Therefore, astory told
at sea should probably fill one of three roles: either it
advances a particular plot point in the ongoing story, it
fleshes out the subplot of one of the characters, or it's a
strictly atmospheric diversion.

Ofthe three, the first one can be the trickiest to pull off,
depending on the chronicle. If the chronicle's focus is on
the characters' struggle to dethrone the Prince of Detroit,
then there's no immediately obvious reason for them to risk
traveling to the seafront to further their plots. However,
even this isn't impossible. For instance, the prince might

have had a trusted Gangrel companion centuries ago, who
gradually tired of playing a role in the constant machina-
tions of the Jyhad and left for the sea. If the characters can
find this Gangrel-gone-Mariner, and persuade him to offer
them some advice (which should be a difficult task), they'll
have inside information that few other vampires in Detroit
could dig up.

Similarly, a Werewolf chronicle that focuses on win-
ning a specific victory against the Wyrm might well have
a period of time in which the characters must earn as many
allies as possible. In this case, why not try to win over a few
Rokea? Likewise, a Changeling chronicle with court in-
trigue aplenty could well benefit from the introduction of
the merfolk, an obvious third party in the Seelie/Unseelie
dance. Almost any overstory can have some reason to
utilize one of the oceans' denizens, and in many cases it can
be done quite well.

The advantage to having a major plot point be the
focus of a "going to sea" story is that it fully draws the players
into the story's immediacy. There's a lot at stake, and you
can bet they'll pay full attention to every detail that comes
up. However, the main drawback is that it's awfully easy to
make the "side trip" to the oceanic environment seem
forced or overly coincidental. The best way to counter this
is to plan well ahead of time. If the prince lost a favored
childe toa Rokea attack on his yacht, have him mention her
name a few sessions ahead of time — or better yet, have a
councilor bring her up, only to be punished by the grieving
prince. Foreshadowing goes a long way towards making a
story seem much less like a "side trip" and much more like
part of the overall tale.

The second option for stories at sea, that of advancing
a character's subplot, is certainly easier to use. Almost any
character is going to have at least one Background that
might inspire a maritime story. Kinfolk sometimes take
vacations; pawns might have to travel to the coast in order
to expand their influence. A Treasure might have had a
previous owner who'd like it back, and an Avatar might
suddenly demand a trip to the ocean to relive a previous
incarnation. A Past Life might remember some business left
unfinished, rumors of Methuselahs slumbering beneath the
silt might inspire the Diablerie-conscious, a Fetter might be
lost beneath the waves in transit — the possibilities aren't
limitless, but they're pretty damn close. By the time the
story is resolved, the character in question may have an
entirely different feeling about the person or thing that
drew him into the story; or it may have simply solidified any
relationships.

Although such story options are certainly easier to use
and don't feel quite as forced, they are, of course, personal.
As such, they have a lot more immediacy to the character
(or characters) involved, but not as much to the rest of the

CHAPTER THREE: SPINNING TARNS


A_A _A _A

troupe. You'll have to be sure to come up with ways to keep
the rest of the players involved.

The final option is simply to have a maritime story
for the sake of a change of environment. This can be
handled as something of a "breather," allowing the play-
ers to relax for a bit and get away from the usual plot.
However, this is the World of Darkness — it's far more in
ethos to set the story up so that it appears to be a
relatively quiet side story, and then snowballs into some-
thing truly horrible. Mood and theme are particularly
key to such stories; since there isn't the meat-and-pota-
toes of plot advancement to rivet the players, the
atmosphere is what will sell them on this sort of story. A
short dalliance with the powers-that-be of the deeps can
help to put the immensity of the World of Darkness into
perspective for your players. After all, it's pretty easy for
a vampire coterie with great influence over their home
city or a werewolf pack who's successfully defended their
caern more than once to be pretty convinced that they're
at the top of the food chain. Pointing out that the world
is a lot bigger than the players can do wonders for
emphasizing the horror aspect of the World of Darkness.

This option is perhaps the easiest to work into an
ongoing chronicle; after all, you don't have to adjust the
pacing of the main storyline or anybody's subplots. The only
trick here is, of course, coming up with a hook. Again, you
might want to work in some foreshadowing so the players
gradually feel their characters have a reason to go to sea. If
you handle it right, they might even decide themselves that
a game session at sea would be just the thing!

SAMPLE STORY HOOKS

¢ Well, it's the most obvious one: the sunken treasure
hunt. Something of value has been lost at sea, whether a
Fetter in transit, an elder's fetish, a microfiche (and hope-
fully sealed against water) cache of important occult lore, or
whatever else. The characters are up for a crash course in
scuba diving at the very least; you can probably get an
interesting scene or two out of this alone, depending on
their particular requirements (having to take lessons at
night, trying to avoid shapeshifting in a frenzy, fitting the
neoprene over goat legs, and so on). Of course, it wouldn't
be much of a story if there weren't conflict. Perhaps a group
of rivals is trying to sabotage the characters, or maybe some
of the denizens have decided to take ownership of the lost
object, or best of all — both.

© One of the people important to a character — a
lover, relative, ally or the like — has prolonged her
seaside vacation well past the time she said she'd return.
Even getting fired from her job doesn't seem to faze her.
Although she reassures anyone who asks that she's fine,
it becomes pretty obvious that she isn't. When the

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

characters track her down, they discover that she's un-
dergone a few changes — in fact, she's infected with
Chulorviosis. As the players try to discover the nature
and cause of her ailment, they gradually become en-
tangled in the schemes of the Chulorvian elder who
infected her; he needs her to proceed with one of his
many schemes (perhaps for her professional skills, per-
haps for her knowledge... perhaps for her relationship
with the characters themselves). Even if the characters
manage to deal with the elder, will they be able to find a
way to heal her, or is a tragic ending inevitable?

© Piracy still exists in the modern-day world; stealing
yachts is certainly a step up from carjacking, even if it's a
little more involved. The Lasombra antitribu in particular
are renowned for indulging their rather anachronistic
vices by ensuring that a few cargo ships never reach their
destination — not only does this turn a tidy profit, but it
also keeps the larder full. So what happens when the
characters are charged to protect a local dignitary (a sire's
favorite, a Silver Fang's unwed Kin child, a childling
noble) during said dignitary's Caribbean vacation, and
pirates crash the party? And to thicken the plot, what if
the local Rokea aren't above taking sides, and a slew
emerges to destroy the whole lot of trespassers — pirates,
victims and all?

© Strange romance is in the air. Legends are full of
tales of beautiful merfolk falling in love with dashing
sailors, soldiers and fisherfolk — and this time one of the
residents of the sea has fallen for a player's character. Of
course, you can always play the merfolk card; but wouldn't
it be interesting if the character's would-be paramour were
something else? Being courted by a murdhuacha would be
rather like being stalked; similarly, there's no telling just
what about the character has stirred the cold heart of a
Mariner, but the courtship might be rather harrowing.
And, of course, there's always the classic twist of a lonely
sea-tossed ghost falling for someone who resembles his or
her lost spouse. Will the character reciprocate the affec-
tion, or risk angering his or her admirer with a rejection?
And even if the feelings blossom into actual romance, it's
not as if the two can easily be together. Will the character
abandon his or her circle of friends to vanish beneath the
waves? Can the paramour give up the ocean to be with the
character? Ah, the possibilities...

SEAGOING TALES

After reading this book, you may well want to try out a
game wherein most or all of the players take the roles of
naturally aquatic or seafaring characters, and the land-
locked portions of the story (or chronicle) are fleeting to
nonexistent. This is certainly a more challenging approach
to take, but it can be greatly rewarding. It's rare that players

get to step into the mindset of something even more alien
than the usual undead bloodsucking predator or man-wolf
shapeshifter; they'll probably appreciate the chance to do
so. The question that then arises is whether you want to
simply doa story (although one with multiple sessions, in all
likelihood), or try for a whole chronicle. Either one has its
merits; either one can wind up being a hell of a lot of fun.

STORIES

This much is easy. A single story is an excellent option
for a troupe who wants to explore the underwater World of
Darkness, but doesn't want to give up the regular chronicle.
Asingle story also has the advantage of a more diverse group
of characters, if that's what's wanted. There's likely no way
to rationalize a Rokea and Mariner or a murdhuacha and a
Void Engineer sticking up for one another over the course
of achronicle, but they may have to put up with each other
for a single story. As allies of convenience, the characters
can simply agree to act together until they reach their
common goal — and then all bets are off. (This can
certainly lead to a "climax after the climax," as the charac-
ters may very well turn on one another once the common
threat is past. The story's final session can be very intense
from anticipation indeed....)

CHAPTER THREE: SPINNING YARNS


However, do be careful with the amount of cross-
ovg? If two of your players want to play Void Engineers,
and yeu want to do a highly Umbral story focusing on
Qyrl and her spirit offspring, there might be problems.
Befgré anybody creates a character, talk it over with
the dlet them know the general direction you're
~ g of going; get their input as well. If everyone's

ghly on the\same page, then the story will have a

much more polished feel.
Op cue thjs doesn't mean you have to tell them

e

CHRONICLES

Hére'you have your work cut out for you; after all, it's
ublike that your player group has spent the better part of
heirhours scuba-diving and exploring the ocean bottom.
Cansegdently) you have to be able to vividly portray the
enyirpnment, 4s well as prepare the players for their rather
KorthodexRewroles. You'll certainly have to do a little
ssegscH, but thigsdaesn't mean you have to enroll in a
loc}il calbega's oceanggraphy course. Travel agency pam-

— are aeexceltent starting point for tropical waters; a
= it of| time any hing the Internet for appropriate
ds\ca ary t\information on even the most

e all, 3, important to convey the sensation of

underWat}  existefice. Keep the players mindful of the
y pressure ‘on their bodies, the temperature and
light, Xhe sounds ap Amells of the ocean. Keep them

thread RERsioTia; aware of the fact that things
Ke to appioa: om above or below as from behind

eofcourse, certain considerations to keep in
ing on the sort ¢f game you're running and the
rosséver games are as tricky a propo-
omogenous group has its own
spots.

(after all, Marintrs are hardly social), but
Fyampites to do ahove the water. The
at th e still indulging in piracy tends to

ast- ear a player gronp; similarly, there's

nothing stopping @Sabbat paskfromtaking over a yacht
ing tog id. oceangoing-Vampire game

of call, with a
eball, vam-

nan-hérds.
all sorts of tru coullfawi awh it the coterie
ee fro' re After' ih ho's to say

ID

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

that the eldest of their kind haven't decided to await
Gehenna somewhere below the waves — and what would it
take to wake such an ancient up?

© Rokea: Anall-wereshark game is probably not for the
first-timer. The Rokea have a rich, if decidedly alien culture
and mindset; it can be tricky to keep the group in character
without falling into the simplistic "find food, eat, find
Wyrm, kill" sequence. However, with a good dollop of
creativity, there's plenty of room for three or four linked
Rokea stories. For obvious reasons, it might be difficult to
bring in any other shapeshifters; not only are the Rokea
highly aloof, but even a Garou with a water-breathing Gift
will have difficulty keeping up with those who were bred
and raised in the depths. Probably the most likely Breed to
work with a Rokea group would be a Mokolé with an
amphibious Archid form — not only are the two most
ancient Changing Breeds on passing good terms, but the
image of a plesiosaur with a fighter escort of carcharadons is
hard to beat for sheer visceral impact.

To make the most of such a chronicle, it might be best
to keep the Rokea group relatively close to a coastal
community; not only does this provide a little variety, but
the meddling fingers of humankind are a source of con-
stant conflict. It can be quite amusing to watch a group of
shark-born shifters try to manage passing for human —
even in the Pacific Islands, such a thing won't be easy. And
don't forget that it's not impossible for Rokea to form
friendships with land-dwellers! Admittedly, such rela-
tions are hardly sanctioned by Rokea society — but if
anyone has license to be the exceptions to the rule, it's the
player characters.

¢ Same-Bito: The weresharks of the East may prove
a little easier for your players to grasp. Although their
mindset has been cultivated into a distinctly Eastern code
of duty, loyalty and obedience, they have a better grasp of
the "human mind" and are therefore a touch more acces-
sible. Certainly the politics of the Dragon Kingdom of
Umi could keep a Same-Bito sentai active for a goodly
period of time. Add in the possibility of terrestrial courts
requesting missions from the sentai (after all, it's hard for
Tengu and Hakken to deal with underwater threats), tense
relations with the Rokea outside court boundaries and a
goodly number of shen dredging the seas in search of the
Great Dragons' power, and you have the making of an
interesting chronicle.

© Sons of Ether: The Etherites' high-spirited Jules
Verne approach to exploration fits in perfectly with a
Blood-Dimmed Tides chronicle. Even before the game
begins, the players will probably have a blast settling on a
concept for their cabal's vessel. The cabal can spend time
searching for sunken cities (Umbral pocket realms) where
lost civilizations are said to have mastered strange sciences,

A_A_A_A_A

or they can play a Captain Nemo-style aquatic game of cat-
and-mouse against the Technocracy. The players can battle
against deep-dwelling Nephandi and their eldritch horrors
from the blackest trenches, and very carefully stay out of the
way of the Marauders mad enough to go willworking on the
high seas. There's even the possibility of exploring bizarre
subterranean worlds buried beneath the ocean floor — does
a new passage to the Hollow Earth await?

What's more, there's certainly no reason that the Sons
of Ether should be the only Traditions represented — what
about a Dreamspeaker kahuna with an aquatic totem, or a
Hermetic specializing in storms at sea and oceanic alchemy?
Whether set in the modern world or in the Renaissance
world of Sorcerers Crusade, this is certainly a great option
for high — or dark — adventure.

¢ Void Engineers: The option of playing an all-
Technocracy team of undersea explorers has a lot of
potential, whether you cared for seaQuest or not. It cer-
tainly helps that the VEs are the most liberal of the
Conventions, and therefore have a lot of latitude once
away from their superiors. It would also be quite feasible to
bring a couple of members of other Conventions for
variety; Progenitor or Iteration X researchers would have
a logical place on an expedition.

Considering the Void Engineer mentality, such a
chronicle should obviously stress exploration and discov-
ery. The Engineers love nothing more than seeing things
that nobody else has seen, and they're actually fairly good
at leaving their findings more or less intact when it
wouldn't endanger them to do so. Down where the physi-
cal and Umbra tend to blend together, there's lots and lots
to see, particularly if you find one of the holes into the
Deep Umbra. If you enjoy adding crossover elements to
your chronicle, the Void Engineers might be the route to
go; after all, they might be hunting Gangrel aquarii with
bangsticks one night, negotiating with merfolk the next.
Since the "shoot first, ask questions later" types never
really seem to do well in this Convention, there's lots of
room fora variety of stories. Confront them with the tough
moral choice of reporting a coral city to their superiors
(and therefore dooming the mer therein) or of being
disobedient to the Technocracy's vision. Have them
scramble to repair their sub's defenses as the weresharks
continue to stave in compartments. Give them the eerie
task of finding out what's going on with the Titanic's
dimensional signatures. Never a dull moment with the
VEs, that's for sure...

© Wraiths: Two words: Marie Celeste.

There are almost as many ghost stories set at sea as
there are on land. Naturally, the potential of a seagoing
Wraith chronicle is pretty ttemendous. Whether Hierar-
chy, Renegade or Heretic, the players have ample material

to forge exciting stories. Certainly, this sort of chronicle

tion.
For an interesting twist, how about having
ers roleplay a historical pirate or buccanee

the players' imaginations can be a great start. 1
lot more to piracy than "Arr, matey" and peg legs
potential of repelling Spectre vessels with relic
and Stygian cutlasses, and you have the mak'
singular chronicle.

convenient variety, and the selkies' amphibious ba
makes them apt at landfaring and deep
Besides, you can always add a merrow-o i
well as one or two of the amphibious paoka. (The squlis
fae work well in stories where humén contd sens
Grotto is imminent; similarly, meth intrig
ewen

different cast down below, whg lente
te S

from humans and more froy
that breed unchecked.

methods for bringing rapeidets 4 inte-th
Milk can allow a troll or nocker, or winced other,
likes, to visit the undersea courts for' am

the visitor will probably have sorfie ptobter
his new abode, such as the sca
Glamour alike — but such prdblems onlyswind,
ing a chronicle.

HISTORICAL CHRONICLES )

Admittedly, setting a/fnarititwe chronicle) in the pa
would require even pOré>preparation, in ¢
ensuring that the sefting is historic: i
good historical chrgnicle at sea is a
the everyday.

¢ The Early Mefliterranéan:
in Ben Hur? Ship tfade was vitally i
Tron Age culturesjall along the te
there wasfrad@, phere was ustially a confli
and th¢h confligtef amore wartial nat
could tange cola spe Seid tions of
a strange supernatural retelling of Ho
final' days of\Catyftagé. -Fhis is a ti
grandchildef of Zaire

ai

CHAPTER THREE: SPINNING YARNS


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A__A_A_A_A_A_A_

the world around them, when the Black Furies and Chil-
dren of Gaia made their mark on human legend, when the
first Seekers of the Void found that "here there be dragons."
The merfolk were here as well, in this time of seductive
sirens and children of Arion. Jason and his Argonauts might
just be a pale, faded memory of the true, terrible glory of this
chronicle's epic...

© Going a-Viking: The longships of the Scandina-
vian North were rightly famous in their day; much of
Europe lived in fear of the brutal warriors that would
appear from nowhere and fall on sleepy hamlets. The Get
of Fenris, Gangrel and trolls in particular were all notori-
ous for joining in such "sport." The characters might be
raiders themselves, or they might be seafarers opposed to
the Norsemen. There's opportunity for land-based adven-
ture (the Vikings didn't live in their longships, after all),
yes, but also plenty of chances to go to war on the water.
King Olaf Tryggvasson's Saga in particular has a fine pas-
sage describing a Viking sea-battle, if you're interested in
some inspiration.

[Of course, the Vampire: The Dark Ages supplement
Wolves of the Sea has the definitive look at the Vikings in
the World of Darkness, and the vampires that dwelt
among them. Interested Storytellers should probably

give it a look; the cultural summaries alone are worth the
price of admission.]

¢ Caribbean Privateers: Most people react very
strongly to the romanticized ideal of the Caribbean pirate,
and your players are probably no different. However, in
the World of Darkness, piracy was no Errol Flynn movie.
Each broadsides volley splintered the ship's hull, imbed-
ding wooden shrapnel in unfortunate crew members.
Grapeshot and cutlasses would kill the lucky; the unlucky
would be horribly wounded, left to the tender mercies of
the ship's doctor (whose operating quarters were usually
painted red to hide the blood). Although the pirates of our
own history weren't as cruel and barbaric (or, depending
on the teller, as noble) as the myth paints them, the pirates
of the World of Darkness were all that and more. Better to
die than to fall into their hands. Although it would be
rather difficult for a vampire or shapeshifter to partake in
such a thing without revealing their true nature, who's to
say that there weren't a few ships whose crews were sworn
to secrecy about their officers' actual identities?

© The Age of Steam: The late 19th century saw great
ships plying the Atlantic with their human cargo, riverboats
plying the Mississippi even down to the salty waters around
New Orleans, the duel of the first Ironclads — it was quite

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

vvvv Vv Vv VY VY WY WY WY WY WY VW WY YW?


atime. The Victorian era was heralded as a fine time to be
a vampire, but the massive changes the Age of Industry
brought may well have driven more than one or two Gangrel
beneath the waves. Merfolk society takes a large hit during
this time as the massive ships make the ocean more acces-
sible, and the Rokea get their first major taste of what the
Weaver is capable of. Excellent settings could include the
Panamanian waters, the English Channel, the New En-
gland coast (or New York's harbors), or the sea around Hong
Kong. It's an interesting time to be alive (or undead), and
those huge freighters full of hopeful immigrants offer a lot by
way of potential stories.

SAMPLE STORY HOOKS

¢ A sentai (meaning pack, or war party) of Same-Bito
have arrived from the Dragon Kingdom of Umi in search
of a Rorqual to present to their lord. Unfortunately, the
Rorqual in question is the only one to be found for
hundreds and hundreds of miles, and the local denizens
aren't about to give up their only source of Gnosis and
Glamour. Although the Same-Bito are polite (at first) and
highly respectful of the situation, they have sworn an oath
to return with a Rorqual or not at all. Perhaps the only
situation feasible is for the characters to escort the Rorqual
to Umi and back — and if so, they're in for an unforgiving
crash course in hengeyokai etiquette.

¢ For unknown reasons, a formerly placid stretch of
ocean floor has suddenly erupted in volcanic activity. This
naturally endangers anyone or anything in the vicinity, be
it sunken Fetter, Grotto, underwater research station or
even — Vatea forbid — a stretch of coral city. As the
characters rush to save whatever or whomever of theirs is in
danger, they either come to suspect or outright discover that
something supernatural is behind this geological anomaly.
Is it Technocracy mages, looking to raise up a new island
base in record time? Could it be a Chulorvian plot? Is it
actually the work of something that lives below the ocean
bed? Whatever it is, it's trouble. Deadly trouble.

¢ As the characters are attending to some important
shipboard business (raiding another ship, analyzing the
dimensional barriers, chasing a mortal ship doomed to
sink), a cold mist overcomes them and a spectral ship
(galley, yacht, galleon, sub — whatever's appropriate)
looms up out of nowhere. The crew challenges the char-
acters' vessel, whatever it may be, to a race — winner
take all. The phantom ship should be more than a
challenge for the characters to overcome, even if it
appears clunky and unwieldy. If the race is dramatic
enough (crew members lost overboard?) and the charac-
ters win, perhaps the spectral crew vanishes, leaving
behind their ship (if the characters are wraiths) or a
single rotted spar, bobbing on the waves (which may give
a clue to the ship's origins, and possibly to where the
actual shipwreck lies buried. If you're more in the mood
for a recurring subplot, perhaps the spectral hulk fades
back where it came from, only to start harassing the
characters from that point forward. And if the characters
lose the race — well, the Spectres won't take kindly to
anything other than the characters abandoning their
vehicle and swimming for it right then and there. Trouble
of the worst sort likely ensues.

¢ Weak as the Gauntlet and Shroud are in the unlit
depths, it's really only a matter of time before a hiccup
pushes something out of the Deep Umbra and into the
physical ocean. When such a freak happenstance hits the
characters' territory, all bets are off on what happens next.
A horror from the farthest vestiges of human imagination
might boil up from the depths, or perhaps some time-lost
exile like a plesiosaur, sea serpent or Cretan wraith-galley
might be loosed on the area. Not only will the characters
have quite a time trying to contain the newcomer, but soon
they discover a new, possibly worse problem. Scuttlers by
the hundred arrive, looking to seal the rent, and in the
process probably strengthen the local Gauntlet and Shroud
more than they should. They're too many to fight, and can
call on others — what's next?

CHAPTER THREE: SPINNING YARNS


my DY }


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_4A_A_A_A_A__A__A

CHAPTER FOUR:
LURNERS

I cannot think of the deep sea without shuddering at the nameless things that
may at this very moment be crawling and floundering on its slimy bed, worshipping
their ancient stone idols and carving their own detestable likenesses on submarine
obelisks of water-soaked granite. I dream of the day when they may rise above the
billows to drag down in their reeking talons the remnants of puny, war-exhausted
mankind — of a day when the land shall sink, and the dark ocean floor shall ascend

amidst universal pandemonium.
— H. P. Lovecraft, "Dagon"

The undersea world is a dark and dangerous place filled
both with mystery and hazard. The following chapter details
some of the unique creatures that inhabit the oceans of the
World of Darkness. This chapter is in no way exhaustive; a
detailed list of our very own oceans' denizens would fill
thousands of volumes of this size. Rather, this chapter should
set an example of horrors lurking under the waves. Should you
not find the lurkers listed below appropriate to your story, the
oceans of the real world teem with life that is all too alien to
surface dwellers. It should prove adequately inspirational.

A word of warning: There are surprises later on in this
chapter. Players who want to see their first encounter with a
strange new horror through their characters' eyes (and we

vvovovrovivivvyvyvywvyesétfq_ypesevypevvypeqwyweséeé#+wywswy=syééiy

hope that's most of you) should probably avoid leafing through
this section. After all, the tension and mystique of the Oceans
of Darkness partly stem from the mysteries that lie deep below
the surface. You're in for a much more intense experience of it
if you let the Storyteller make the introductions.

ANIMALS

The most basic place to start is with mundane sea life.
The crafty Storyteller doesn't need to be told why it would be
useful to have statistics for a huge squid or great white; hence,
here they are. Not only do these make excellent elements for
flavor scenes, but most of the supernatural denizens of the
deeps have figured out ways to make the local fauna useful.

CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS


A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

For instance, add a few fomori powers and up the Physical
Attributes a little, and voila— suddenly you have the results
of the latest Project Iliad experiment, or another masterpiece
of Progenitor engineering!

What's more, even the vampires who've chosen life
beneath the sea can get lonely; although they might be
disgusted with humans and other vampires, the life beneath
the sea provides a variety of useful retainers. The aquarii's
blood is no less potent than their land-dwelling cousins' or
ghouling animal companions. Of course, it's typically easier
to ghoul mammals such assea lions, dolphins, orcas and other
species of cetacean — they're easier to train, and it's much
easier to get amammal to ingest an entire Blood Point or two
underwater than it is to slit one's wrist and hope the majority
of the diffusing blood goes to the right place inside that shark.

Of course, mammals are handicapped by their need for
air and cannot always be depended on in the deepest seas.
Still, they're the most popular choice. Sharks, of course, are
another obvious choice. These eating machines, however,
cannot easily be trained. It's all to easy to send a would-be
pet into a feeding frenzy while trying to create a Blood
Bond. Eels make perfect undersea guardians; octopi make
excellent spies; even schools of mundane fish can be taught
to harry an opponent.

To represent a ghouled version of one of the animals
below, increase the Strength by 1. Under the guidance of a
vampire with Animalism, some of these beasts might act as
if their Intelligence was a point higher as well.

SHARK

Attributes: Strength 2-5, Dexterity 3-4, Stamina 3-5
Abilities: Alertness 4 (scent), Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Tracking 3

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Armor Rating: 0-1

Attacks: Strength +2 Bite

BARRACUDA

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2
Willpower: 2

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (4 dice)

DOLPHIN
Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, All Mental
Traits 2

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 2,
Dodge 2, Empathy 2

Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Ram (3 dice)

WHALE

Attributes: Strength 7-10, Dexterity 2-3, Stamina 8-10
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 2, Brawl 1-3
Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, -5,
Incapacitated

Armor Rating: 2

Attacks: Ram (Strength); bite (non-baleen whales,
Strength +1)

ORCA

Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3-4, Dodge 1
Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, -5, Incapaci-
tated

Armor Rating: 2

Attacks: Bite (9 dice), Ram (7 dice)

OCTOPUS

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2
Willpower: 2

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (3 dice), Crush (1 die)

MORAY EEL

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2
Willpower: 1

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (4 dice)

SEA LION

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Armor Rating: 0

Attacks: Bite (3 dice)

Ww VV VWYVYY¥Yg$wW¥Y4wvwyeegqW®Veé=é#éSgYTYVY Vv

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

SPIRITS

No examination of the World of Darkness' undersea
denizens would be complete without at least touching on
the inhabitants of the oceanic Umbra. These statistics
and descriptions represent only the tiniest fraction of
spirits found in the Penumbral seas; Storytellers should
feel free to modify them as needed and stock the surround-
ings with plenty of spirits of their own devising.

FISH-SPIRITS

Rage 3, Gnosis 5, Willpower 4, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Tracking

Image: These Gafflings take the appearance of almost
any of the smaller fishes in the ocean. The state of the
local Umbra is often reflected in the forms of the local
Fish-spirits; in a well-maintained tropical Grotto, they
shimmer with iridescent color, while the spirits too near
Project: Deepwater are pale, dim, sluggish versions of
their counterparts.

Description: The rank and file of the oceans' Umbral
population, Fish-spirits come in a variety almost exceed-
ing that of their fleshly counterparts. These statistics can
be used to represent almost any sort of piscine Gaffling,
from dogfish to tuna. They are the most common allies of
aquatic shapeshifters and Dreamspeakers, although
they have a prey/predator respect for the Rokea.
Fish-spirits are most often used as messengers
in the Umbral seas, and the oc-
casional one makes a
serviceable (if a bit
dim) guide to short-
cuts through the
spirit world.

LUMINESCENTS

Rage 3, Gnosis 7, Willpower 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Disorient, Reform

Image: Like ever-shapeshifting bioluminescent jelly-
fish, or even constantly whirling neon signs, the
Luminescents are things of bright light and beauty in the
Penumbral realm. They have no real constant form; watch-
ing their shifting, iridescent shapes is almost like watching
someone else's hallucination.

Description: Luminescents are creatures of pure change,
agents of creation down where the Wyld is strongest. These
Gafflings are drawn to areas where change is the rule, in
particular the volcanic vents that constantly rework the
ocean floor. They are capricious, alien entities, allied to
nobody and nothing in particular; they are more commonly
bound by force than swayed to help. Wherever they pass, the
wise treat them with care; it takes no provocation at all for
them to begin bending the ocean floor into some nightmar-
ish landscape of raw chaos.

SCUTTLERS
Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Power 25

Charms: Control Electrical Systems, Solidify Reality,
Spirit Static

Image: Like many other Weaver-spir-
its, Scuttlers take the forms of alien,
perfectly symmetrical arthropods.
They appear to be dog-sized
crabs with unnaturally smooth,
polished carapaces, usually of

a metallic blue, red or gold.
They have two sets of
manipulatory pincers
instead of one,

CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS


T
100

and use those pincers to filter reality and spin it slowly
into the Pattern Web.

Description: The Weaver has little power in the under-
sea; the Pattern Web is the loosest of nets down below, far
away from human civilization. Nonetheless, the compulsion
of the Weaver is to bring order where there is none, and the
ocean is no exception. Weaver-spirits have traditionally had
a hard time pushing into the undersea frontiers, but as
humanity slowly learns more about the ocean depths, the
Weaver is right there with them.

Scuttlers are the most common form of Weaver-spirit to
be found in the Undersea Umbra. They gather around
drilling platforms and Technocracy Constructs, where they
are usually left unmolested to do their work. An Umbral
observer might note several Scuttlers hitching a ride on the
hull of a submarine (even if the submarine itself isn't visible
in the Penumbra). They are moderately harmless as Gafflings
go, but can be dangerous in numbers; if left to their own ends,
they would gladly wall off the entrances to Grottoes and
weave the energy into the Pattern Web.

BL'GOTHWU

Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Power 45

Charms: Airt Sense, Blighted Touch, Materialize, Reform

Image: These Jagglings look like piles of rotted kelp,
shot through with tendrils of sludge and silt. Their stench is
unmistakable, although it is surprisingly localized; even the
vaunted olfactory powers of the Rokea cannot detect a
BI'Gothwu from farther away than a dozen yards or so.
Although sluggish and almost inert when left to their own
ends, they react with remarkable speed when prey draws
near, lashing out with horrible tentacles of unrefined filth.

Description: Not every spirit in the oceanic Umbra is
benevolent or even impassive. These Banes are things of rot
and pollution, entities of silt and sewage and decay. They
often crawl in the Penumbra around shipwrecks and open
waste dump sites, feeding on the spiritual taint left behind.
They are also notorious for overrunning beds of kelp to
propagate themselves; more than one spirit of the Sargasso
has gone from simple plant-spirit to Bl'Gothwu over the
course of the years.

SPIRAL SCHOOLS

Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Current (as Create Wind; by
expending 20 Power, the School can generate a powerful whirl-
pool or even waterspout), Freeze, Healing, Reform, Updraft

Image: These Jagglings appear as great schools of
quicksilver-fluid fish, whirling through the Penumbra in
their trademark spiraling pattern. They seem to be utterly
liquid in form, only maintaining their piscine outlines by
coincidence. A School whirls so quickly that it is virtually

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

impossible to follow the movements of any one "fish"; such
a thing is useless anyway, given that the School is one single
composite spirit.

Description: The Spiral Schools are one of the more
potent allies of the Rorqual and their protectors. They are
embodiments of weather and wave currents, able to heal
or harm anything that they encircle. As part of the Gaian
broods of spirits, they are well-disposed to the Rokea and
other shapechangers, who have been known to call the
Schools to invoke tempests against their enemies. Ap-
proaching one is a tricky matter, however; their
temperaments are as mercurial as their spirit-forms, and a
mystic must be quick and persuasive indeed to catch and
hold their interest.

PAKURWU TOOTH-EDGED

Rage 8, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10, Power 100

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Control Winds, Control
Currents (as Control Winds), Coral Shards (as Throw Glass),
Flood, Lightning Bolts, Materialize, Reef Sense (as Forest
Sense), Reform

Image: The Tooth-Edged One has two common vis-
ages. When dealing with enlightened humans such as
Dreamspeaker magi, she commonly appears as a lovely
Polynesian woman wreathed in chains of living coral.
However, when addressed by shapeshifters and other,
more primal creatures of spirit, her body is covered with
tidges of multicolored coral that protrude from her dark
skin, and her eyes are bottomless pools of black. In either
form, she carries a spear made entirely of coral; when she
Materializes, the weapon is wickedly sharp at every sur-
face, and hard enough to punch through an ocean liner's
hull.

Description: Pakurwu is a unique spirit, an Incarna of
coral and reef. She is royalty after a fashion, although she
considers herself as not of Kun, C'et or Qyrl. She has, as
would be expected, more empathy for the creatures of reefs
than she does for humans, vampires, even shapeshifters or
mer. Although she wears a human shape from time to time,
her mentality is still that of a spirit; she can be horribly single-
minded and completely unsympathetic, as well as
unapologetic for her demeanor.

Even so, it is possible to invoke her successfully. Those
who make the trip to her Umbral "court" and manage to
propitiate her (usually by allowing her to lay them under
specific geases or by making offerings of treasure taken from
fresh-sunk vessels) can persuade her to offer assistance in
return. Her favors often involve Materializing to stir up a
storm or visit a coastline with flooding and high winds.
Shapeshifters can earn a present of a different kind; Pakurwu
sometimes bestows fetish replicas of her coral spear on Rokea
or other shapechangers who please her. (These weapons do

X\_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

Strength +3 aggravated damage, difficulty 6, but require both
hands to use successfully.)

AQUATIC FOMORI

The corrupting influence of the Wyrm is not limited to
the surface world. The Banes who have bothered to patrol
the Umbral seas (usually corrupted spirits of fish, water or
other local concerns) have found a more than adequate
variety of host bodies to adapt to their own purposes.

Lacking a significant human population to inhabit, Banes
possess the most aggressive and dangerous undersea denizens.
Fora variety of reasons, they tend to prefer sharks over all other
animals, although the primal mind of the sharks offers the
Banes some resistance. Eels, killer whales, octopi, barracuda
and other predators are also common choices. Cetaceans such
as dolphins and porpoises aren't immune either; individual
Banes have even been known to possess larger species of
whale, but they seem to have difficulty maintaining control. A
few Garou seers and well-learned Dreamspeakers have theo-
tized that the Rorqual somehow are able to encourage their
cetacean brethren to resist the corrupting whispers of Banes.
Unfortunately, the added resistance is only minor, and cer-
tainly no guarantee against possession.

vvvvivvvvyvy«éfiyv

The Bane's corrupting influence disfigures and mu-
tates the host while granting great powers and increased
intelligence. A common mutation is a dramatic increase
in size; twenty-foot barracuda fomori are all too possible,
as are fomor sharks the size of buses. As the spiritual
relationship between the Bane and its host grows, the
more grotesque and perverted the latter becomes. In a
relatively short time, several days in some cases, the
original species may be unrecognizable.

OCEANIC FOMORI POWERS

The undersea struggle creates the need for unique en-
dowments that Banes are all too willing to provide. The list
below provides examples of powers the Wyrm grants to its
undersea minions, in exchange for their complete enslave-
ment. Some abilities, such as gills, may be required for surface
creatures who serve the Wyrm in such a hazardous environ-
ment. Other abilities increase the fomori's potence in their
struggles with their sworn enemies, the shapeshifters.

While oceanic fomori can possess the standard fomori
powers (see Book of the Wyrm and Freak Legion), many
of these powers lose potency or utility underwater. The
following is a brief list of possible new adaptations for

CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS


T~
102

A_A_dA_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

aquatic fomori. Other appropriate powers (from Book of
the Wyrm) include Berserker, Body-Barbs (usually as fin-
spines), Claws and Fangs, Exoskeleton (of amore crustacean
variety), Extra Limbs, Lashing Tail (or tentacle), Regen-
eration, or Umbral Passage.

¢ Amphibious — Not all oceanic fomori began life
under the seas; Banes often possess sailors or passengers
gone overboard for whatever reason. What's more, it
sometimes becomes necessary for a water-breathing host
to foray onto land. Any mammal or reptile possessed by a
Bane can grow gills; similarly, possessed fish or mollusks
can develop rudimentary lungs capable of sustaining them
out of water. In some cases, this power doesn't actually
bestow gills or lungs — the host's already-existing breath-
ing apparatus warps into a convoluted, fleshy mass of
organs capable of drawing oxygen from air and water alike.

¢ Angler Stalk — A stalk, tipped with a luminescent
bulb, dangles from the fomor's forehead, shoulder or other
body part. The baleful light from this bulb is strangely
hypnotic, both attracting prey and providing light in the
deepest seas. Any creature other than a fomor or
Chulorviah who views this light must make a Gnosis roll,
difficulty 6, or a Willpower roll, difficulty 8. Failure means
that the character is drawn irresistibly toward the light,
and can take no other action but pursue the light. The
hypnotic spell is broken if the victim is injured, but
otherwise lasts for a scene.

© Crab's Armor — The fomor's skin hardens into a
crablike carapace. The shell provides two extra soak dice
(which can be used to soak aggravated damage); it doesn't
impede underwater movement, but movement on land is
treated as if the fomor's Dexterity were three dots lower.

¢ Cuttlefish Skin — The fomor can change the color
of its skin with incredible speed, rippling through a veri-
table rainbow of hues in mere seconds. Although this
ability can be used to unsettling effect in combat or social
interaction, it is most useful as a form of camouflage. Any
attempts to visually spot a fomor using this power are at +3
difficulty.

* Echolocation — Like the sonar sense of cetaceans,
this Bane-granted ability allows the fomor to detect the
location and shape of objects in the water with much greater
range than sight and more detail than smell. The fomor can
also navigate in complete darkness or hit distant targets with
long range attacks.

¢ Electrical Discharge — The fomor can generate bio-
electricity to stun its opponents. Upon contacting a victim,
the fomor may discharge the built-up electrical charge,
causing five Health Levels of aggravated damage. This power
can only be used once every three turns or so.

© High-Pressure Endurance — While the original host
body may have only been able to survive near the surface or
on the ocean floor, as a fomor it can easily survive at any

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

depth. Where mundane creatures might implode near the
ocean floor or explode near the surface, the fomor is immune
to the ravages of high pressure, including most ailments such
as the bends (see the Appendix).

¢ Ink Jet — The fomor can releases a billowing gush
of opaque, noxious — and poisonous — liquid. While not
normally deadly, the poison causes three unsoakable Health
Levels of unaggravated damage. It also creates disorienta-
tion and confusion in the victim and those engulfed in the
ink suffer the dizzying effects of the poison unless they roll
three or more successes on a Stamina roll (difficulty 7);
even vampires are not immune. However, supernatural
defenses such as the Gift: Resist Toxin affect this power
accordingly. The fomor may release an ink jet as many
times per day as she likes, but this causes one unsoakable,
unaggravated Health Level of damage for each use beyond
once per day.

* Poisonous Flesh — The flesh of the fomori becomes
toxic to any who would ingest it. Anything biting the
fomori suffers one unsoakable aggravated Health Level of
damage immediately. Actually swallowing the toxic flesh
will continue to cause one unsoakable aggravated wound
every turn until the victim dies or the poison is expelled. As
aside effect of this power, the fomor's skin color changes to
a luminescent purple or green.

¢ Shark Mouth — The host body's regular teeth are
replaced with a gaping maw of razored shark teeth. The fomor
may attack with a bite doing Strength +3 damage; what's more
it can also swallow whole anything up to half his size.

AQUATIC BREEDS

POISON SHARKS

Blood-Quick darted through the water, his tail pounding
quickly from side to side as he swam. His pride was as strong as
always; there was no shame in fleeing his foes, as many as they
were. But there seemed to be no place to hide from the school on
his trail. The pungent smell of his shapeshifter's blood surrounded
him; his body had yet to heal the wound their claws had dealt. I
would hunt until I caught my prey, he thought. They will do
the same.

Blood-Quick caught a familiar scent in the water ahead:
tiger sharks, his kind. Either 1 am saved or I have just
brought death to cousins, he thought. Rounding a coral reef,
he could feel his opponents closing swiftly. With only several
hundred yards left he almost gave up, but instead put his last
energies into a burst.

As he descended amongst the other sharks, Blood-Quick
caught a tiny swirl of decay, a current that impossibly quickly
swelled into a full stench of rot. The Rokea had spent all of his
reserves; there would be no further chase. His one-time kin, now
bloated with Wyrm poisons, closed on their cousin.

Description: As ruthless a creature as was ever hatched,
the fomori shark retains all of its cunning, hunting instincts
and acute senses while gaining an additional measure of
supernatural power. The once-mindless predator gains a
semblance of sentience from the Bane that infects it. No
longer a simple link in the food chain, the Poison Sharks
(for so the Rokea have named them) are fully and com-
pletely the jaws of Qyrl.

Image: Poison Sharks are particularly large creatures,
growing to nearly fifty percent larger than average for their
species. Their shagreen becomes barbed, blistered and scarred,
losing its previous smooth luster.

Roleplaying Notes: Eat to live. Live for the Master.
Eat for the Master.

Attributes: Strength 5-7, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5-7, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4 (Swimming), Brawl 2
Willpower: 4
Armor Rating: |
Attacks: Bite for eight to 10 dice.
Sample Powers: Poisonous Flesh

Health Levels: OK, OK,
OK, -1, -1, -1, -1, -3,

-3, -5, Incapaci-
tated

DIVING DEAD

"Please, just take me away from all of this," Roger
whispered. "I beg you." He stared down at the turbulent water
beneath him. Always the river had been there for him as a child,
aplace to swim and adventure and be free. If only he could have
stayed there forever. The river seemed so alive, and Roger felt
so dead to everything else. Not a stir of feeling for his wife, for
his desperate affair with Mary in Production, for his children
— nothing but heavy weight. But the river — it would take him
back unconditionally. It had promised it would.

The old rail trestle was higher over the water than he
remembered. Funny how things were — most things got smaller
as you got older, more faded than you remembered them. Not
this. The river poured itself through the rocks below with the
same rushing stage whisper that Roger heard every night in his
dreams. It was the sound of his childhood, a promise of when
times were bright and good.

His bones splintered as he hit the surface. He tried to scream,
but the murky river water filled his lungs. Like so much garbage
before it, Roger's smashed body drifted down toward the sea. His
lungs burning, his heart near bursting, the man that was Roger
Kopek finally died — and something else, a creature guided by the
water's cold voice, was reborn.

Description: Diving Dead are human fomori who
have been opened to possession by toxic Banes in the
service of Lady Yul, mistress of poisoned waters. Bone
Gnawers named this par-
ticular fomor breed
based on the pre-
dilection of
the host

CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS

=
103


T
104

A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

body to dive into the river — sometimes dramatically — never
again to see the surface.

The Banes that possess these hapless individuals cannot
leave the waters to inhabit their victims; in fact, they are
powerless on land. Nonetheless, they can use their Sug-
gestion Charm on humans who have had recent contact

with the polluted water. They call their prey back to the
water over and over again, until the victim gives him-
self to the Bane and the water. Once in the water, the
possessed human mutates to suit its new environment
and a fomor is born.

Diving Dead have some sense of hierarchy, and can be
commanded by more powerful servitors of the Wyrm. A few
Pentex officials have managed to discover one or three of
these fomori, and incorporate them for underwater sabotage
or exploration. Pentex's natural resources arm uses the Div-
ing Dead to find likely oil sites or particularly fragile ecosystems

and assist with establishing drilling and demolition platforms.

They also sabotage existing "safe" oil rigs causing leaks, damage
and even deaths. However, the majority of these fomori are
unaligned, wreaking revenge on anyone foolish enough to tres-
pass into "their" territory.

Image: While humanoid in basic design, the Divers possess some
very obvious modifications. The skin of the victim typically loses all
coloration, becoming either milky white or completely transparent. The
Bane provides its host with all the necessary accouterments to survive in
the deep: gills, fins and webbed fingers and even supernatural resistance
to pressure changes. The body of the victim becomes more streamlined,
tapered at the head and thinner throughout the torso.

Roleplaying Notes: The surface world has nothing for you now;
only the ocean accepts you for what you truly are inside. Let them have
their automobiles, fax machines and premature ejaculation — you have
the sea and nothing else matters. Of course, you have to bow to the will

of certain... others every now and again, but what does that matter? You
have the greatest freedom of your life in exchange!

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Social Attributes negli-

gible, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Survival 2

Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attacks: Bite (5 dice); claw (6 dice); also sometimes use

weapons

Powers: Amphibious, Claws and Fangs, High-Pres-

sure Endurance

BANE LAMPREYS

We pulled one out of the drink once that
was full of the little monsters. We were chasing
a pack of humps and we had speared a couple of
them; now we had to work fast, ‘cause the Coast
Guard has no sense of humor about people making
a profit off stupid animals. We started reeling them

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

up on to the deck when we smelled something funny. You get
used the smell of the sea when you work a whaler, but this stink
was nothing like that. This smelled like a rotting sewer rat
boiled in horseshit.

We lowered the humpback to the deck, holding our noses
the whole time. My eyes were watering all over the place —
and that's when I saw what stunk. It looked like some corpses
had somehow got hooked onto the body of the whale. Maybe
they were whalers like ourselves who got knocked overboard by
some dumb humpback. That's what I was thinking when they
started moving.

They peeled themselves off the whale meat like bloated
leeches letting go. I swear to God, these things were all slug from
the waist down! Purple skin... mucus... Goddammit, they slid off
the whale and moved for the crew.

The guys were jumping overboard left and right. If I
coulda moved, I'd have been with them. One of them... They
got Bill Martino then. He wailed on the freak for all he was
worth, and it still sank its teeth into his chest. When he fell over
— the slug dragged his body to the railing and fell over the side
with him.

That's when I went for the hold. I musta spent a day under
there before coming out. When I finally came out, all of the slugs
and at least a dozen of our own were gone. And when we got to

the harbor, I ran off the gangplank and right into this bottle — and
I'm never coming out again.

Description: This hideous creature spends the majority
of its life as a parasite, feeding off the blood of any large
animal. The Banes that created these deformed wretches are
parasitic, tending to gather near their kin; in other words,
where there are Bane Lampreys, there are likely enough
Banes to create more from their victims.

If either the Lamprey or its host is attacked, the fomor
detaches itself to deal with the threat. Normally lethargic
when feeding, the creature wriggles its body swiftly through
the water when provoked. The fomor typically attempts
either to kill the threat or to attach itself to the new
potential host.

Image: From the chest up, the Bane Lamprey resembles
a human corpse with purplish skin and sunken eyes. The
corpse's original jaw vanishes, evolving into a perfectly
round mouth full of needle-sharp fangs. Below the waist, the
fomor's tail extends a full four feet. The underside of its body
exudes a sticky resin allowing it to cling to any surface. The
Lamprey is utterly blind but possesses a keen sense of smell.

Roleplaying Notes: You remember very little of your
surface life. Now all you know is the blood. Protect the host
and you will feed well. If the host dies, find a new one.

CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS


ie & A__A_A _A _A _A__A___{A_

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 1 (4 when undersea), Stamina 4
Abilities: Brawl 3
Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Bite (5 dice)
Powers: Amphibious, Lamprey Spit*, High-Pressure Endurance
*Lamprey Spit — The fomor's saliva is a powerful narcotic, capable of knocking a Garou
unconscious. Whenever a Lamprey wounds a victim, the player must make an immediate Stamina
roll (difficulty 8). If the player fails to roll more successes than Health Levels received in damage,
he falls unconscious. The sleep lasts for as long as the Lamprey remains attached or until the
victim dies.

GENES
(Genetically Enhanced Nautical Enforcement Specialists); "Sharks"
sas The light in the minisub's bridge was dim and yellowish, broken only by a
Ob single flash of red. The bridge's sole occupant reached out and touched a button
<2 just under the winking red eye. "Magellan Five here. In place and..." She
paused.

IN "I'm not happy with this. These are people out there, not reality

throwbacks or lunatic magickworkers."

"You're not required to be." The voice echoing out of the speaker
was gravel-edged with static, but still cold as the dark waters outside the
porthole. "You aren't familiar enough with either the Specialists or our
targets to make the decisions here. Get ready to let them out; we'll
transmit their activation orders in two."

The young woman tapped the button again, then rose from her
seat and squeezed through the bridge's one narrow doorway. Her

footfalls echoed from the metal walkway until they stopped, with
her, just before a small window set into the wall. Three more
windows were spaced along the wall; four more on the wall
opposite. The woman peered through the glass, but was
unable to make out anything beyond but a vague

dark form, bobbing slowly in its dim capsule.
"Heaven help those poor kids," she whis-
pered. A tiny green light winked into being on
the other side of the glass; a light shining from a
bit of metal implanted into a gray, smooth neck.
Then the Void Engineer hit the release switch, and
eight windows irised in the side of the minisub, and

eight forms slid out into the ocean.

Description: These pathetic wretches are
the result of as nasty a bit of subcontracting as
ever existed. When the Earth Frontier Division
declared that they could use bioengineered "helpers"
capable of assisting Awakened explorers, the Progeni-
tors got to work. Before long, there were a number of
experimental subjects undergoing testing. The most suc-
cessful and long-lived of the batch were those that had
come from the laboratories of Project Iliad, a relatively
innocuous cover operation for a few of the Technocracy's
more talented and reclusive Progenitors — or so the memo

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

said. These creatures, the GENES, proved highly durable,
largely controllable, and remarkably resistant to the forces
of Paradox (presumably because of the minuscule knowl-
edge the Masses have regarding the deep sea).

Sadly, the GENES are entirely Paradox-free — be-
cause they aren't constructs. They're fomori, who draw
their powers from Iliad's implanted Banes rather than any
form of magickal alteration. They are programmed to
tespond to the commands of Pentex officials first and
foremost, although most operate under a stricture of "do
what these people tell you until we tell you differently."
Neither the Void Engineers nor the Progenitors are aware
of this duplicity; Iliad's paper trail is both extensive and
convincing, as the department head Francesco and his
staff have neatly determined what exactly his "contrac-
tors" would like to hear. The Technocracy uses the "Sharks"
strictly as security, both to defend against the native
predators of a supernatural bent, and to mop up any
threats from the human sector (officially pirates, but all
too often environmentalists or salvage crews who get in
the way).

Image: The GENES are remarkably similar to the
common horror movie image of the "fish man." Although
not quite as piscine as the Creature from the Black La-
goon, they nonetheless would have a difficult time passing
for human. Their skin is grayish, hairless and cold, like
that of a dead porpoise. Their faces are noseless and
flattened; their mouths are lipless and wide, with several
rows of sharklike teeth. The Sharks have webbed fingers
and feet that are almost more flipper than anything else,
and also boast sharklike fins at their calves and forearms.
Out of water, their voices are hoarse whispers, and they
are accompanied by an acrid scent. Their eyes are a dead,
nonreflective black.

Roleplaying Notes: You've been remade into some-
thing inhuman; now you can never go home again.
Everything's cold and dark down here — the only warmth
you have is the hate that burns in you. You loathe your
"employers" for making you into a monster, but have no
choice but to obey them. You brutally work off your hatred
on any targets you're given, all the while imagining your
superiors in the throes of agony. Someday you'll get even.
Until then, anyone who crosses you is a fair target for your
wrath.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2 (4 underwater), Stamina
4, Charisma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Stealth 3,
Survival 1

Willpower: 5 (2 for purposes of resisting Pentex's com-
mands)

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Bite (5 dice)

Powers: Amphibious, Claws and Fangs (fangs only), High-
Pressure Endurance, Immunity to the Delirium, Poisonous
Flesh

ANCIENT BEASTS

Some beings roamed the Earth long before humanity
climbed down out of the trees. These creatures hide in the
deepest trenches of the sea or other hideaways where science's
prying eye has yet to explore. Emerging only when disturbed,
their terrifying appearance forebodes untold disaster and
death for any who witness them.

GIGANTIC SQUID

I know most of my stories begin in a bar, but this one takes
place ona ship. I used to sail a lot back in those days; that's why
those Wiseguy Glass Walkers gave me the name "Sleeps-with-
the-Fishes. Damn embarrassing, but it was almost worse. It
almost became my epitaph that one day.

We were heading into the Long Island Sound, just off the
coast of Connecticut. The sea was getting choppy, but you could
hardly tell from the deck of the Jackson. The Jackson was a trash
barge that took New York City's garbage and dumped it into the
sea. Hey, don't give me that look. I thought I was protecting
Staten Island. We didn't know then, what you know now. Now
just take a whiff of the air and you tell me who's doing the right
thing.

Anyway, we were heading in and the storm was picking
up. We couldn't see land but we could just make out the
lighthouse to the north. That is until something got in the
way. At first I thought the lighthouse went out, but then I
realized there was something wriggling out of the water. It
must have been forty feet out of the water before it came
hammering down on the deck. Everybody thought we had
crashed into a reef or another boat. Personally, I thought we
were being attacked.

Just as I was changing, something crashed into me from
behind. I tried to get up, but found myself ten feet over the
deck of the boat and still rising. Whatever this thing was, it
had me and was going to take me for a ride. I tried to turn but
I was caught like a pup in his momma's mouth. The tentacle
— yeah, that's what had grabbed me — took me up and then
suddenly down under the surf. Knocked all my breath outta
me. I was blacking out and couldn't do a damn thing to save
myself. I guess I musta screamed as the sucker tore from my
back, along with most of my skin. I swallowed water and
blood, and I could only barely see the tentacle sinking to the
bottom as I rose to the surface.

I thought I was dead for sure, especially when this giant
shark shot past me. Just as I thought things couldn't get any
worse the thing grew arms and legs! Boy, when I came up for
air, I saw the most awesome carnage that these old eyes have
ever seen. The thing that attacked my ship — a dozen ten-

vvvy Vv
CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS


A_A_A_A _A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

tacles, enormous body, two huge eyes — was a squid about as
big as the ship itself. What's more, there were these weresharks
— Rokea, they're called — about a dozen strong, shredding
the damn thing to pieces along with any of my unfortunate
shipmates who got in their way. I blacked out pretty quick after
that, but somehow I made it to shore. I don't know if the Rokea
saved me or not — I don't see why they would — but I won't
ever step on a boat again. Swear to God, Gaia or whoever else
is listening.

Description: Bigger than any squid ever recorded by
science, bigger even than the most far-fetched theories of
marine biologists, these monsters are virtually krakens in
their own right. Presumably they never die of old age; they
just keep getting bigger and bigger. Only their cannibalistic
tendencies keep them in check; they spawn in such great
numbers that a gigantic squid can live out its whole life
without varying from a steady diet of its siblings. They are
creatures of extreme depths, avoiding other undersea crea-
tures and humanity alike — but they are a severe threat to
merfolk and particularly Rokea, as the weresharks see it as
a ritual duty to slay and devour these beasts of Qyrl. Worst
of all, it seems that these monsters are able to survive the
occasional trip to the comparatively nonexistent pressures
of the surface. What compels them to make such a trip is
unknown; very possibly some of them are prodded to do so
by their Chulorvian "relatives."

There's one tiny mercy about these creatures' nature
at least: Vampires are apparently unable to ghoul them or
control them with Animalism. Something almost super-
natural about these monsters keeps them from obeying the
Discipline's call, and they are apparently too large to
receive enough vitae for ghouling — unless, of course, the
vitae were as concentrated as that of an Antediluvian....
Image: These colossal beasts are similar in appearance to
their smaller cousins, save that their bodies range from 50-60
feet in length, with tentacles twice as long. They are virtually
colorless, with only faint tinges of yellow, pink or purple
tinting their hides.

Roleplaying Notes: Eat. Catch and crush any light that
comes close. Eat.

Attributes: Strength 8-10, Dexterity 3, Stamina 10
Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, -5, Incapaci-
tated

Attacks: Squeeze (Strength damage); bite (Strength +2,
difficulty 7); envelop (difficulty 6; each success after the first
adds one die to squeeze damage dice pools as the creature
wraps more tentacles around its prey).

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Camouflage 2, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 10, Stealth 2

CHULORVIAH

...Then the other shapes began to appear, filling me with
nameless horror the moment I awoke. But during the dreams they
did not horrify me at all — I was one with them; wearing their
unhuman trappings, treading their aqueous ways, and praying
monstrously at their evil sea-bottom temples.

— H. P. Lovecraft, "The Shadow Over Innsmouth"

It would be quite misleading to imply that one of the
greatest threats lurking at the bottom of the oceans is a new
strain of never-before-seen creature. Far from it. The dark
menace that plagues merfolk, Rokea and now land-dweller
alike is something very, very old and just as malevolent. They
are creatures partly of warped spirit and partly of cold flesh,
demented and mutated beasts that have bred for centuries far
beneath the sun's light. They are the Kraken-Born — the
Chulorviah.

The Chulorviah themselves are not truly a species in
their own right, at least not by our standards. They are a
peculiar strain of altered human and beast, molded into
their perverse forms by a weird, infectious element that
defies classification. This contagion is certainly supernatu-
ral in nature, but its precise character isn't known beyond
that. A few Void Engineers have filed reports on the
"Chulorviosis strain," but to date the Technocracy still
classifies the strain as another form of "alien mutagenic
agent." A tiny few vampires have learned of the strain;
these Cainites whisper tales of a flesh-shaping contagion,
and mutter darkly to one another about similar diseases
among the Tzimisce.

However, there seems to be particular evidence that
"Chulorviosis" is a spiritual contagion. The Changing Breeds
in particular (although even they are hardly well-informed as
a whole) consider the whole process to be similar to the
Bane-possession that creates fomori. Some suspect it to be a
form of spiritual virus encoded by unknown forces from
before the birth of the sun, designed to reconfigure its hosts
into its "ideal." Others consider it to be a spiritual taint that
opens its victims to possession by specialized breeds of Banes.
Some have even theorized that the strain is a curse levied
against human sorcerers of antiquity, a curse that has tied
them irrevocably to the coldest and most alien of animals.
None can say for certain.

One thing is certain, at least as far as the shapeshifters
are concerned: The Chulorviah are tainted. Their tang of
spiritual corruption is subtle but unmistakable, even to magi
with high Spirit magick or vampires with appropriate levels
of Auspex. The shapeshifters interpret this taint as a positive
link between Qyrl and the Wyrm, a sign that the great
Kraken has fallen into rot.

The peculiar thing about "Chulorviosis" is its pen-
chant for infecting both humans and invertebrates (most
particularly cephalopods) alike — and really nothing

else. No shark Chulorviah have ever been noted, nor
have there been cetaceans infected with the strain. It is
also a peculiarity of the strain that each of the two groups
of potential victims is made "more in the image" of the
other. An infected human might develop the mottled
skin of a cuttlefish and tiny suckers on the insides of his
forearms after a month or two; his intellect is also likely
to regress ever-so-slightly, deferring to the cold instinct
that drives the Chulorviah. By compare, an infected
squid might attain some measure of sentience, as well as
the occasional humanlike physical trait (such as green
eyes, or vestigial fingernails on the tips of its tentacles).
The physical changes are relatively minimal — at least
at first. As the strain runs its course, the Chulorviah
might, over the course of centuries, mutate into some-
thing so unrecognizable that it would be impossible to
tell whether it originally walked on two legs or swam
through the lightless depths.

What is it that the Chulorviah want? It's difficult to
say. The most reliable thing that can be said for their
activity is that it seems to be driven by the oldest of urges:
to survive and prosper. However, the simple "multiply and
expand" mentality common to so many sci-fi movie mon-
sters doesn't seem to be the end-all and be-all of Chulorvian
motive. Like all creatures of the spirit world, the Kraken-
Born seem to be operating towards a given ideal, most
likely that of a Celestine such as Qyrl. Their schemes are
always alien and inscrutable; they have often sent entire
war parties for no other discernible motive than to make
sure that a certain ship is in a certain place at a certain
time. Their touch on a given story might be nothing more
than a tiny caress — but every move is carefully calcu-
lated, planned to enhance their next step. Only by watching
a number of Chulorvian projects come to fruition will an
observer be able to piece together a connection; with any
luck, it won't be too late by then. Ultimately, the
Chulorviah's plot may be nothing less than to close the
Wound and drag the Unsea back into the Sea. Certainly,
such a thing seems completely impossible — but not if you
ask the Rokea.

CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS


umd
110

The Chulorviah come in many forms: giant war-squid,
strange anemonelike entities, penny-sized octopi and even
severed tentacles that have attained a life of their own. For
the most part, these creatures are individuals; when creating
such beasts, the Storyteller should feel free to adapt and
modify any of the statistics given here, or devise his own, to
simulate the miscellany of Chulorvian shock troops and
underlings. However, there is something of a pattern to
Chulorvian infection, and two distinct substrains have
emerged. The two major "castes" of Chulorviah are the
infected humans knownas the Enfolded, and the cephalopod
puppeteers called the Petyrani. Each group has its own role
in the murky schemes of their "race," roles to which they are
admirably adapted.

THE ENFOLDED

Description: The lowest of Chulorviah, the Enfolded
serve as the rank and file. These infected humans often act
as laborers or shock troops for their superiors, leading some
to believe that they are somehow "undesirable" to the
Chulorviah. Whether this is true or not, the Enfolded are
certainly expendable. Although not particularly terrifying in
their own right, the Enfolded carry a certain dread horror
with them wherever they go — it's all too easy to discern that
these wretched creatures are a blueprint for what humanity
will become if the Kraken has its way.

Image: People infected with the Chulorviah spirit-
virus remain mostly human in appearance; the first few
changes are usually nothing more significant than a color-
ful mottling of the skin in certain places. However,
eventually the changes become more pronounced. Teeth
may fuse together into a chitinous beak; a small cluster of
anemonelike tendrils may sprout from the belly. However,
once an Enfolded has changed enough so that he can no
longer pass for human, he returns to the depths — his
usefulness has ended. Once back in the lightless realm of his
masters, it's anyone's guess what happens next.

Roleplaying Notes: You know your role, and don't
try to step outside it. The change that came over you made
you feel sick at first, but the way you feel now makes you
wonder if you weren't sick from the day you were born, and
only cured just now. Your loyalty to the Chulorviah is
unswerving, and the lure of the cold depths pulses in your
veins. You do your job gladly, but can barely wait until the
call comes for you to return to the dark, icy, lightless
depths you call home.

Attributes: Strength 3+, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3+, Charisma
1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1+, Perception 3+, Intelli-
gence 2, Wits 2+

Abilities: As appropriate for the pre-infection victim's life;
most subsequently gain Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3 and
Occult 2, if they didn't have such traits already.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: The Enfolded typically respond to threats as they
would have as normal humans; a martial artist will use his art
form, while a bookworm will probably flee. Those that have
manifested some minor physical changes can sometimes bite
for Strength +1 damage, but they prefer to keep their actions
as "human" as possible.

Powers: Amphibious, High-Pressure Endurance, Immunity
to the Delirium

PETYRANOS

Description: The "puppeteer" caste of the Chulorviah,
the Petyrani are infected cephalopods that have developed a
malign sentience anda terrible talent for mind control. Their
role in the Chulorvian grand design is clear: attach them-
selves to humans, take over their hosts' thoughts, and use the
humans' resources in the service of the Chulorvian agenda.
However, the Petyrani are hardly limited to human hosts. In
times of war they can be seen attached to the cartilaginous
skulls of great sharks or other beasts — and they are especially
eager to take over the truly powerful forms of vampires or
shapeshifters.

Image: The Petyrani take the form of smallish cepha-
lopods, most commonly nautili, octopi and cuttlefish.
They possess a few more tentacles than their mundane
cousins; these extras are long and slender, perfect for
burrowing through a victim's skull and coiling around his
brainstem. Petyrani are almost never larger than a child's
head, all told. A Petyranos can change its color at will, and
uses this talent to conceal itself both on and off its host
bodies. Their eyes are as alien as any cephalopod's, but are
one of the few giveaways to the Petyrani's true nature —
they instinctively watch any potential threats in their
surroundings, even threats that a normal mollusk wouldn't
recognize.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a malevolent intelli-

gence, one without feeling or warmth. You take pleasure
in manipulating your host bodies, although it is more of a
narcissistic pride than actual sadism. The thought of
inflicting suffering has no particular lure for you; the
emotional or psychological state of lesser beings, particu-
larly the sun-walkers, is of no impact. If you have a fear, it
is of being butchered on land without a host body to
protect you; you will take whatever steps necessary to
avoid such a fate.
Attributes: Strength 3-5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4, Manipu-
lation 7, Perception 4, Intelligence 6, Wits 4. They use the
Charisma and Appearance Traits of their host, unless discov-
ered — in which case they have no particular Charisma or
Appearance worth discussing.

A_A_A_A_A_A

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Swim-
ming 5, Stealth 5, Enigmas 2, Occult 4. They may also draw
on the Abilities of their host body, although all such tasks are
at +1 difficulty, owing to the trouble of using such talents
second-hand.

Willpower: 7

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

Attacks: As host body; in a pinch, can constrict for Strength
damage or bite a grasped opponent for Strength +1 aggra-
vated damage

Powers: Amphibious, Armor (2 soak dice), Brain-Burrow*,
Cuttlefish Skin, High-Pressure Endurance

* Brain-Burrow — By extruding a tendril into its
victim's head, the Petyranos can thereby control the victim
as if it were a puppet. Ordinarily, the creature must surgi-
cally chew a hole in the victim's skull to gain access (as an
attack, although the Chulorviah never causes more than
one Health Level of damage in this fashion). Once one of
its neural-manipulator tentacles have rooted around the
brainstem, the Petyranos gains complete control over the
victim and any Abilities she possesses (although they have
yet to learn how to make a victim activate any but the most
instinctive supernatural powers, such as a werecreature's
shapeshifting or vampiric Potence). Victims with 5 Will-
power or more may resist the Petyranos' commands by
making a Willpower roll, difficulty 7; each success grants a
turn of free action. Brain-burrowing is a violation of the
worst sort, and the Petyranos must often exercise constant
control over its host to prevent him from killing himself to
end the suffering.

The Petyranos must remain attached to the victim to
maintain control; it may leave its host voluntarily with-
out killing her, and exacting surgery (or magical healing)
can remove a Petyranos' tentacles without causing any
lasting brain damage. However, simply tearing the crea-
ture free is a bad idea. To do so, the Petyranos and the
person removing it make contested Strength rolls. If the
Petyranos wins, the victim takes one Health Level of
damage for every success on the would-be liberator's
Strength roll. If the attacker wins, the victim takes a
number of unsoakable Health Levels of damage equal to
the total of both Petyranos and liberator's successes.
Needless to say, a Petyranos which is torn free usually
comes away from the skull with chunks of brainstem and
lobes still clutched in its tentacles...

CHULORVIAN ELDER

Description: Even the redoubtable Mr. Klieg is only a
young thing, after all. The children of Kraken are outside
time as we know it, and the passage of years touches them
only a little in their lightless trenches. Those who endure for
centuries become massive, bloated things very unlike their

vvvvvy Yv
CHAPTER FOUR: LURKERS


original human forms. Eerily enough, only once-human Chulorviah can gradually swell into elders;
the Petyrani may rule over the Enfolded, but must ironically bow to the wishes of the once-human
elders. Even a Petyranos' host body, its very slave, may bloat into an elder form if it survives long
enough. It is a slow transformation, and none can say exactly when it begins or ends — but the
elders speak from their trenches as the voice of the Kraken itself. They seem to have memories
even of things that could not have occurred in their lifetimes; an elder may well know tales from
the time before ships, before humanity itself. The method by which they gain this blasphemous
wisdom remains secret to this day.
Only a very few have seen a Chulorvian elder and lived to tell the tale; almost all of these
were Rokea elders who soon afterwards swam into the Umbral trenches forever. They have never
been spotted above the surface of the ocean — although this can't be taken as proof that they cannot
leave their lightless depths. Perhaps they have come to the surface now and again, and simply been
meticulous about ensuring that no witnesses survive.

Image: There is no uniformity among the elders of the Chulorviah. Each one is an individual
nightmare of snarled tentacle and chitinous beak, of mottled skin and staring eye, of blue-veined
membrane and fleshy ruffle. A few pulsate with a sickly green luminescence, like the spiritual
radiation known as Balefire. Almost all retain, as if a keepsake, some tiny vestige of their human form;
one elder might have the blue eyes of a woman set in a pulsating tangle of flesh and

chitin, while another might have five tiny pink-skinned fingers at the tip of an
undulating blackish tentacle. Their speech is heard directly in the brains of those

they address, and resonates with a cold, hollow, alien tone.

Roleplaying Notes: You are as old as the
oceans themselves; the human skin you once
wore is a delusion now discarded for the truth of
Great Kraken. You possess wisdom sifted from
the silt at the bottom of the Umbral seas, and
layered into your very being over the ages.
You are cruel and alien
and cold, a prophet of a
time when black wa-
ters will cover all the
lands and extinguish all
fires forever. And you are
patient, for your time will
c come soon enough.
Lae Lax Attributes: Strength 9+, Dex-
\ PO, terity 5+, Stamina 9+, Charisma 6,
\ * Manipulation 7, Appearance 0, Per-
ception 5+, Intelligence 6+, Wits 4

Abilities: Storyteller's discretion; some
of the elders' Abilities can rise above 5
(particularly Enigmas or Occult)
Willpower: 8+

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Variable; most commonly a Strength +1 tentacle crush and a

Strength +2 bite

Powers: Whatever seems appropriate. All can survive at any water
pressure and breathe water and air with equal facility. The Storyteller
should craft a Chulorvian elder as an individual, assigning a particular

specialty in powers as appropriate; therefore an elder might have strong
mind control powers simulated with exceptional Dominate, or constantly
secrete supernatural toxins into the water around it. Be creative.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES



L_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A—_A—A—_A_A_A

APPENDIX

The following section gives optional rules for underwa-
ter movement, combat, and other activities. Storytellers are
free to use or disregard everything in this section. These
tules are not required (White Wolf doesn't have Game
Police like FASA® does), and are simply suggestions that
may be taken to add an extra degree of realism (or complex-
ity) to your chronicles.

UNDERWATER MOVEMENT
SWIMMING

Any character with at least one dot in Athletics is able
toswim. A character's ability to function while in the water
is limited by his ability to maneuver. All physical actions are
resolved with the appropriate Ability or Athletics, which-
ever gives a smaller Dice Pool. If Jaeger has Melee 2,
Athletics 3, and Dodge 4, his player would roll his full Melee
rating for underwater combat but would only be able to use
3 of Jaeger's 4 dots in Dodge.

vvvvrivivvvyvvy+y?yssw«+wyséséaeéey"r,r ivyvwvysé#w?wsfvysét'VyY~iVvYWvyYwWw ¥

A character's base swimming speed is determined by
her Athletics score and, to a lesser extent, her Strength.
Swimming speed is primarily a function of training rather
than agility, and the ability to force one's body through a
dense liquid medium is likewise more dependent on strength
than speed. All "extra" movement derived from multiple
actions (Celerity, Rage, etc.) has its value halved because of
this added resistance.

Athletics Base Speed Sprint Speed

0 1 meter/turn 1 meter/turn

1 1 meter/turn (Strength + 2) meters/turn

2 1 meter/turn (Strength + 4) meters/turn

3 (Strength/2) (Strength + 6) meters/turn
meters/turn

4 (Strength/2) (Strength + 9) meters/turn
meters/turn

5+ (Strength) (Strength + 12) meters/turn
meters/turn

APPENDIX


"Base speed" refers to the speed that the character can
sustain while performing other actions (such as combat).
"Sprint speed" is the distance moved per turn if the charac-
ter is taking no action other than swimming as fast as she
can. These values assume the swimmer is relatively unen-
cumbered (light clothes). For every two pounds of dead
weight the swimmer is wearing or carrying (including clothes,
body armor, and weapons), reduce her Strength by 1 for
purposes of determining swimming speed.

The above values also assume that the swimmer is of
normal humanoid body shape and mass. For a character
significantly larger than human-sized, such as a werewolf in
Crinos, halve swimming speed due to all the extra dead
weight he's dragging around (not to mention fifty square
feet of wet shag carpet). However, for a character who has
some means of swim aid such as flippers, double the above
values. A character who goes even farther and assumes a
streamlined aquatic form swims at four times the listed
speed. These modifiers are general guidelines; if a specific
supernatural being's write-up calls for a certain speed, use
that instead.

DIVING

Most characters require a supply of oxygen to sur-
vive. Divers must carry their own air supplies with them,
most commonly in the form of scuba (Self-Contained
Underwater Breathing Apparatus) tanks. "Divers" who
do not intend to go more than a half-meter below the
surface of the water can make do with snorkels, inch-

wide breathing tubes, and those who must go deeper than
300 meters or so usually wear diving exoskeletons, rigid
pressurized suits of armor.

Scuba systems consist of a metal tank of pressurized
air, a valve system called a regulator that dispenses this air
at a measured rate, and a rubber hose and mouthpiece to
deliver this air to the swimmer's mouth. A weight belt
and buoyancy compensator (an inflatable vest connected
to the diver's air tank), flippers, a mask, and a watch or
dive computer are also standard equipment for most
scuba divers.

Maximum dive depth and length of dive are both
highly important. Any trained scuba diver calculates
the amount of time he will stay underwater and the
maximum depth to which he intends to descend before

Maximum Depth Dive Duration
11-30 meters

51-150 meters

10 minutes per success

vvvvovvvvvevrevrievrevrievvrevvuvyvyiyv

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

30 minutes, plus 15 minutes per success

Maximum Dive Duration

3 hours

60 minutes


he goes over the side of the dive boat. Scuba gear is
capable of taking divers down to 300 meters' depth,
though most recreational dives do not go below 30
meters for safety reasons.

The deeper the dive goes, the less time can be spent
at the intended depth, as air supplies are consumed
faster at lower depths. When a character begins a dive,
the player rolls Stamina + Athletics (difficulty 7). The
number of successes indicate the amount of time the
character may spend in the dive, as determined by the
following table:

A character who passes his dive time limit must
begin an immediate ascent or risk running out of air.
Every minute that a character spends past his dive
duration, the Storyteller rolls one die. On a result of 8
or higher, the character's air runs out and drowning
tules begin to apply.A failed roll indicates that the
character has broken his equipment and must repair it
before he can dive safely. A botch indicates that the
character has not found a potentially fatal equipment
malfunction and may discover it at a most inopportune
time, most likely through oxygen toxicity or nitrogen
narcosis (see below).

Vampires, obviously, do not breathe and thus do not
need to observe these time limits (although being seen 200
meters down with no air tank may be considered a breach of
the Masquerade). However, they are susceptible to certain
high-pressure-induced ailments (see below).

FLOATING AND TREADING WATER

For those characters who wish to do nothing more
active than stay above water, there are two additional
options: floating and treading water.

Most characters have natural positive buoyancy, mean-
ing that they are capable of floating without too much
effort. Under normal circumstances, floating requires the
player to make a Stamina + Athletics roll (difficulty 4).
Each success is one minute that the character floats success-
fully before the next roll is required. Failure means that the
character begins sinking and must attempt to tread water to
regain her equilibrium. A botch indicates that the character
begins drowning.

Vampires' bodies are slightly denser than those of
living beings and lack the normal layer of subcutaneous fat
that all but the scrawniest mortals possess. Shapeshifters
who have assumed Crinos form or the equivalent are
likewise denser than humans (save Corax, whose hollow
bones help them float). In both instances, the characters
in question have neutral buoyancy, meaning that they
neither sink nor float naturally. Vampires and Crinos-
form shifters may not attempt to float, and must tread
water to keep from sinking.

Treading water requires a Stamina + Athletics roll
(difficulty 5). Each success is one minute during which the
character stays above water and may take other actions,
within reason (talking, trying to work a survival radio,
fixing a scuba tank's regulator). A character who fails to
tread water begins sinking and must roll Strength + Athlet-
ics (difficulty 8) or begin to drown on the next turn. A botch
onan attempt to tread water indicates that drowning begins
immediately. Glub glub.

FATIGUE

Swimming isan incredibly taxing activity. A charac-
ter who has to maneuver in the water for any length of
time is going to tire quickly. For every five minutes that
a character spends swimming — or after any combat is
resolved, even if it only lasts one round — the player
must roll Stamina + Athletics (difficulty 7). Failure on
this roll means that the character is down one die on all
rolls. This penalty is cumulative — a character who fails
three such rolls and does not rest is down 3 dice on all
subsequent rolls. Resting (floating, at the least) removes
one die's worth of penalty for every five minutes of rest.
Botching a fatigue roll means that the character founders
and begins sinking (and drowning).

A character who is constantly treading water is
likewise susceptible to fatigue. However, treading water
is much less exhausting, and players whose characters
who are performing this action only need to roll every 30
minutes.

ATPENDIX

Pry)


DROWNING AND OTHER HAZARDS
BASIC UNPLEASANTNESS

A character who has no other oxygen supply can hold
her breath for an amount of time determined by her Stamina
(ghouls with Fortitude may add it to their Stamina) before
she begins to die:

Stamina Holding Breath Holding Breath in Combat
30 seconds 2 rounds
one minute 5 rounds
two minutes 8 rounds
four minutes 12 rounds
eight minutes 18 rounds

CONDNABWNH

15 minutes entirety of combat
20 minutes entirety of combat
30 minutes entirety of combat
45 minutes entirety of combat

A character who runs out of time may expend Will-
power to hold her breath longer: one point grants one
minute out of combat or one turn in combat. Note that
a separate time limit is given for characters who are
involved in a fight. This is because intense, strenuous,
adrenaline-charged activity (e.g. fighting for one's life)
uses up a lungful of air much more quickly than does
swimming or diving.

Once a character can no longer hold her breath, she
begins to drown. Drowning inflicts one Health Level of
(Lethal) damage per turn. This damage is not aggravated,
but may not be healed until the character is able to breathe
again. A character who reaches Incapacitated from drown-
ing suffers no further damage, but dies in a number of
minutes equal to her Stamina. If she is recovered and
resuscitated between going to Incapacitated and dying
(Intelligence + Medicine roll [difficulty 5] to apply rescue
breathing and/or CPR), she will need to be hospitalized. If
less than three successes are scored on the resuscitation roll,
the drowning victim loses a permanent point from her
highest Mental Attribute — oxygen deprivation does cause
brain damage.

SEASICKNESS

Seasickness, or motion sickness, occurs when a char-
acter is in the water or on a surface vessel and cannot
adjust to the constant rocking motion of her inner ear. In
game terms, any character who fails a Stamina roll (dif-
ficulty 5, modified by weather conditions [above]) is
afflicted by nausea and dizziness for the next 12 hours.
This Stamina roll is made whenever the character first
boards the vessel or enters the water and every 12 hours

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

thereafter. Seasick characters are down one die on all
Dexterity, Perception, and Social Attribute-based rolls
and two dice on all Intelligence and Wits-based rolls due
to extreme discomfort. Seasickness does not affect char-
acters who are naturally adapted to the sea, such as Rokea
or merfolk, nor does it affect the undead. In addition, the
Storyteller may wish to exempt characters who success-
fully stave off seasickness for three days or so (assuming
that they've finally gotten their "sea legs.")

HYPOTHERMIA

The normal human body temperature is 98.6 degrees
Fahrenheit. A prolonged immersion in waters as warm as 70
degrees can gradually leech away body heat, and hypother-
mia can incapacitate or kill an individual over a prolonged
period of time. Hypothermia's symptoms include numb-
ness, loss of voluntary muscle control, impaired senses and
thought processes, and slurred speech.

In game terms, hypothermia begins to set in after a
character has been immersed in water for twice her
Stamina in hours. Every hour after this limit has been
passed, the player rolls Stamina (difficulty 7). Every time
this roll fails, the character gains a cumulative -1 die to
all rolls; this penalty lasts until the character is treated
for hypothermia. Hypothermic characters in the ocean
usually drown because their muscles stiffen and they lose
the ability to tread water or even float. Hypothermia
must be treated by warming the character, both inter-
nally and externally. Hot liquids, dry, heated blankets,
and (if no other heat source is available) the body
warmth of an unaffected individual are the recommended
treatments.

Hypothermia sets on much faster in cold water. The
above rules assume a water temperature of 65+ degrees. In
water between 55 and 65 degrees, hypothermia develops in
half the time (the character's Stamina in hours). Between
45 and 55 degrees, hypothermia may begin after a number
of minutes equal to three times the character's Stamina, and
Stamina rolls are made every 15 minutes. Below 45 degrees,
hypothermia hits within a number of minutes equal to half
the character's Stamina and Stamina rolls must be made
every minute.

Vampires are not affected by hypothermia (although
they can slowly freeze solid in temperatures below 20
degrees Fahrenheit). Characters with natural insulation,
such as shapeshifters who have assumed furry forms, add
two dice to their Stamina when rolling to stave off
hypothermia. Characters who are naturally suited to
cold-water existence, such as Gurahl of polar bear de-
scent, treat the water they are in as if it were two "stages"
warmer.

A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

NITROGEN NARCOSIS (RAPTURE OF THE DEEP)

The most common ailment afflicting divers is ni-
trogen narcosis, colloquially known as "rapture of the
deep." This occurs when a diver is breathing highly
compressed nitrogen gas, usually at depths of 30 meters
or more. The amount of nitrogen in the character's
lungs limits how much oxygen can be absorbed into his
bloodstream to reach the brain. Nitrogen narcosis comes
on slowly (over 15 to 60 minutes) and mimics alcohol
intoxication: the character becomes disoriented, giddy,
and uninhibited. In game terms, a character suffering
from nitrogen narcosis is down three dice on all Will-
power rolls and two dice on all Dexterity and Mental
Attribute rolls. His judgement is impaired, and a char-
acter who is susceptible to Frenzy is at +1 difficulty to
resist or -1 difficulty to enter.

Nitrogen narcosis may be overcome by ascending 15
meters or more. This lowers the pressure of nitrogen
within the character's lungs and allows the body to
rebalance itself over the course of 5 to 10 minutes. A
player whose character who is being overcome by nitro-
gen narcosis must succeed in a Perception + Medicine
roll (difficulty 6, but don't forget the two-dice penalty)
for the character recognize the danger and ascend safely.
Other characters in the area may recognize this problem

with the same roll (difficulty 8), but an irrational char-
acter may be difficult to persuade to ascend.

Nitrogen narcosis does not affect vampires or other
characters who are not breathing gases underwater.

DECOMPRESSION SICKNESS (THE BENDS) AND AIR EMBOLISM

The opposite of nitrogen narcosis is much less pleas-
ant and much more likely to be fatal. Decompression
sickness, commonly referred to as "the bends," is caused
by a rapid ascent and depressurization after a diver has
been breathing compressed air containing nitrogen (this
is usually avoided by the use of a gas mix with high
oxygen concentrations, which causes oxygen toxicity if
used at shallow depths — see below). The sudden reduc-
tion in pressure on the diver's body causes the nitrogen in
his bloodstream to "boil" out of solution and form bubbles.
These bubbles accumulate at the character's joints and
within muscles, causing incredible and prolonged pain.
Other symptoms include mood swings due to fluctuating
oxygen levels within the brain, seizures and convulsions,
and skin irritation or numbness. A character suffering
from the bends receives one Health Level of unsoakable
aggravated damage each hour until he dies or is placed in
a decompression chamber (present on board most com-
mercial salvage vessels and dive platforms and standard

r_vvvvivvvyvrvvvrvpevyvviesy

APPENDIX


und
120

A_A _A _A

at many coastal-area hospitals). Furthermore, the player
must succeed in a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) for the
character to take any action past writhing and whimper-
ing. This roll must be made for each and every action the
character attempts — this is some of the most excruciat-
ing pain that most individuals will ever experience.
Damage from the bends may be healed before the charac-
ter has been decompressed, but the bends (and the pain
penalty) continue for 24 hours. Normal humans don't
survive this long without treatment.

Decompression sickness doesn't appear until the
character has reached the surface of the water. Symp-
toms appear within one hour of surfacing. As noted
above, this ailment continues until the character has
been decompressed or is dead. Decompression sickness
occurs when a character ascends too quickly. "Too
quickly" is a function of the maximum time which the
character spent underwater. A safe ascent takes a quar-
ter of the time that was spent in the dive (this time is
factored into the dive time table, above). If need be, a
character may make a rapid ascent to a depth of ap-
proximately 3 meters and spend the rest of his ascent
time waiting at that depth.

When a character makes a very rapid ascent from a
deep dive (faster than 5 meters per turn from a depth of
50 meters or more), the player must roll Stamina (diffi-
culty 7). Failure indicates that the character has an
extremely bad headache from the rapid pressure change
(+1 difficulty to all Willpower and Mental Attribute-
based rolls for the next hour). A botch indicates that, in
addition to developing the bends upon surfacing, the
character must contend with a more immediate problem:
an air embolism. This occurs when a large bubble of
nitrogen forms in the bloodstream and blocks the blood
flow to the brain. A character with an air embolism
receives five dice of (Lethal) damage every hour (in
addition to the damage from the bends) until he is placed
in a decompression chamber. If he reaches Incapacitated
but survives this damage, he loses a permanent point
from his highest Mental Attribute.

A vampire cannot develop an air embolism, but can
suffer the bends due to the large amounts of unmoving
blood in his system. He may soak each Health Level of
damage from the bends by rolling Fortitude (difficulty 6,
and only Kindred may soak this damage — ghouls with
Fortitude may not). If a vampire knows what is wrong
with him (Intelligence + Medicine roll [difficulty 5] or
prior experience with the bends), he may try to purge his
bloodstream of accumulated nitrogen. This requires the
player to spend three Blood Points and succeed in a
Stamina + Self-Control roll (difficulty 8). Players of
Gangrel aquarii do not have to roll but must still expend
the three Blood Points.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

Water-breathing characters are not affected by the
bends or air embolisms.

OXYGEN TOXICITY

The deeper a diver goes, the higher the concentration
of oxygen he needs in the air he breathes in order for his
lungs to function properly while under external pressure.
Oxygen toxicity occurs when a diver breathes too high of a
concentration of oxygen for the depth at which he is
operating. The diver's system becomes supersaturated with
gaseous oxygen, which begins accumulating at various points
within the body.

The first stage of oxygen toxicity involves little more
than discomfort, and appears within fifteen to thirty
minutes of the point at which the character begins
breathing too much oxygen. The character experiences
difficulty breathing (the lungs are working overtime to
process the elevated levels of oxygen that are available to
them), abdominal discomfort (gas bubbles in the diges-
tive tract), and chest pains. At this point, all rolls
involving mental effort or endurance are made at +1
difficulty due to distraction.

Fifteen to thirty minutes after the onset of the first
stage, the second stage of oxygen toxicity sets in. This
involves decreased lung capacity and fluid pooling in the
lungs as the body attempts to buffer out the excess
oxygen. At this stage, a character is in extreme pain (-2
dice to all rolls, cumulative with wound penalties) and
has vastly reduced endurance (+2 difficulty to all endur-
ance/fatigue rolls, cumulative with the dice pool penalty
for agony).

If the character continues to breathe high oxygen
concentrations, the third stage of oxygen toxicity sets
in after another thirty to sixty minutes. This involves
permanent loss of lung capacity as alveoli rupture and
the more immediate threat of pulmonary hemorrhag-
ing. In layman's terms, a character in the third stage of
oxygen toxicity literally drowns in his own blood as his
lungs rupture from the inside. Third-stage oxygen tox-
icity inflicts one Health Level of unsoakable aggravated
damage every X turns, where X is the character's Stamina
rating. This damage cannot be healed by supernatural
means until the character is breathing a normal atmo-
sphere.

First- and second-stage oxygen toxicity reverse them-
selves after three hours of breathing normal atmosphere.
However, oxygen toxicity is nearly impossible to treat or
reverse at late stages because successful treatment requires
the removal of excess oxygen from the patient's blood-
stream. Dialysis has been of limited success in some cases,
but even this is chancy. Any attempt to treat a character
with third-stage oxygen toxicity requires an Intelligence +

Medicine roll (difficulty 9) and access to a fully-equipped
emergency room. A character who survives third-stage
oxygen toxicity loses one permanent point of Stamina and
is permanently down an additional die on all rolls involv-
ing endurance.

A vampire is not affected by oxygen toxicity unless he
is deliberately using scuba gear to fool mortals. In this case,
first- and second-stage oxygen toxicity affect him the same
as they would a mortal, and third-stage oxygen toxicity
causes Blood Point loss instead of aggravated damage.
Obviously, water-breathing characters are not susceptible
to oxygen toxicity.

PRESSURE-INDUCED VITAE DISSOCIATION (DEPTH SWEAT)

Although vampires do not need to breathe, they are
still susceptible to certain problems that high pressure
causes, such as decompression sickness (above). In
addition, Kindred who descend past 300 meters' depth
experience a gradual dissolution of the blood as water
pressure forces the stagnant vitae in their undead bod-
ies out of their systems. For every 10 minutes that a
vampire spends below 300 meters' depth, she loses
one Blood Point. This loss is faintly visible (ifa light ( }
source is available) — the vampire appears to be
sweating blood which rapidly diffuses into the sur-
rounding water.

Fortitude does serve to shield the vampire against
this blood loss, which Lasombra scholars have named
PIVD (Pressure-Induced Vitae Dissociation) and
Gangrel aquarii refer to as "depth sweat." Every point
of Fortitude that the vampire possesses increases
the critical depth by 50 meters, so a character with
Fortitude 4 may descend to 500 meters before experi-
encing any ill effects. Gangrel aquarii are innately adapted
to high water pressure; their safe depth is triple the
normal value.

A vampire whose Blood Pool is emptied by depth
sweat enters torpor and sinks to the sea floor. The
Gangrel aquarii admit to having found several torporous
elders on the bottom of the ocean, usually in the remains
of shipwrecks, and have even gone so far as to positively
identity some formerly well-known individuals who were
lost at sea during the World Wars. However, the Mari-
ners have never rescued a victim of depth sweat from
torpor and returned him to the surface. The Camarilla
believes this to be proof that the Mariners practice
Diablerie as a matter of course, but all inquiries have met
with puzzled looks and a lack of comprehension of the
Diablerie process.

PIVD only affects vampires. It does not drain blood
from ghouls or werespiders, both of whom have pulses
which circulate their blood (and who have enough

wll

APPENDIX

problems of their own by the time they reach PIVD
depths).

UNDERWATER COMBAT
VISIBILITY

Water has different refractive properties than air.
Objects viewed underwater appear larger and closer
than they would on the surface. In addition, water
gradually deadens colors, starting with reds and gradu-
ally phasing out blues and purples. The net game effect
of these two phenomena is to impair vision-based
Perception rolls (+1 difficulty for every 5 meters of
distance from the viewer, to a maximum penalty of +3
difficulty) and accuracy in ranged combat (see below).
Characters who are adapted for aquatic or amphibious
existence, such as Gangrel aquarii or merrow, do not
suffer these penalties.

Water also absorbs light. During daytime, depths
between 5 and 15 meters are lighted as if they were
overcast, 15 to 25 meters are considered cloudy, and
depths below 25 meters are dark. Yes, this means a
vampire who is 25 meters below the surface of the sea
takes no damage from sunlight during the daytime. These
ranges are halved for particularly silty or polluted water
(e.g. Boston Harbor) and doubled for extremely clear and
pure water (the Bahamas).

CLOSE COMBAT

Water reduces the force of all attacks that use kinetic
energy, which is the vast majority of means used to inflict
harm in most fights. All brawling attacks halve the
attacker's Strength (and Potence) for the purpose of
determining damage dice. Exceptions to this rule are
claw and bite attacks and those that rely on gripping
rather than striking (such as strangleholds). In addition,
the added resistance of water slows strikes enough that all
Dodge rolls made against brawling attacks are made at -
1 difficulty.

Melee attacks are likewise impaired. All attacks with
blunt melee weapons have their damage dice pools re-
duced by three dice, slashing melee weapons lose two
dice, and stabbing weapons lose one die. Flexible weap-
ons (whips and chains) are impossible to use underwater,
as are thrown weapons (though spears and harpoons can
be thrown into the water from above with the loss of one
die of damage).

RANGED COMBAT

Ranged underwater combat is a chancy proposition at
best. Any firearm attack made from above the water against

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

a target that is underwater is made at +2 difficulty due to the
image displacement caused by the air/water visual distor-
tion. In addition, a bullet loses 1 die of damage for every
meter of water through which it passes. It is quite easy fora
scuba diver to catch a bullet in her hand if she is a few meters
underwater (Dexterity + Athletics roll against a difficulty of
the bullet's base damage rating + 3, although failures and
botches are messy).

Most modern firearms use sealed cartridges that are
effectively waterproof, at least for the short term. How-
ever, actually firing a gun underwater is a chancy
proposition. Semi-automatic weapons cycle the next
round into the firing chamber by using either the gas
released by the previous bullet firing or the recoil gener-
ated by the same source. In both cases, water absorbs part
of the force that the gun needs to operate, which raises
the likelihood of the weapon jamming. Whenever a
character is foolish or desperate enough to pull the
trigger, the Storyteller rolls one die. Any semi-automatic
weapon (automatic pistols, submachine guns, assault
tifles) jams ona result of 1 through 3. An underwater jam
requires a successful Wits + Firearms roll (difficulty 6)
and three actions to clear. If a character fires a burst or
uses full automatic fire, the Storyteller rolls one die for
each bullet fired.

Underwater combat is actually kinder to firearms
that operate on simpler principles. Pump-action shot-
guns, bolt-action or lever-action rifles, and revolvers all
cycle rounds into their firing chambers by simple me-
chanical means. They are much less likely to malfunction
underwater and only jam if the Storyteller rolls a 1.

It is possible to modify a semi-automatic weapon for
underwater use. This requires a minimum of four dots in
the Gunsmith or Professional Skill: Gunsmith Second-
ary Ability, 12 hours of work, and a machine shop. The
player rolls Intelligence + Gunsmith (difficulty of the
weapon's base Damage Trait + 4; difficulties over 10
indicate a weapon that cannot be modified in this fash-
ion). Success reduces the weapon's chance of failure to a
result of 1 only.

EXPLOSIONS

Water conducts shock much more readily than does
air. Any explosion that goes off underwater has its damage
Dice Pool increased by 50% (round up). Note that gre-
nades are waterproof and can be used as rudimentary depth
charges (the infamous "grenade fishing" method of forag-
ing for rations).

If the alternate explosives and demolitions rules from
The Vampire Storytellers Companion are in use, using a
charge underwater or preparing one for underwater use
requires one more point of the Demolitions Secondary Skill
than is normally needed.

\__A4_A _A _A_A _A_A A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

EQUIPMENT

WEAPONS

¢ Bang stick: Originally devised for anti-shark use
by divers, this appropriately-named one-shot weapon is
little more than a 12-gauge shotgun shell (sealed to keep
the powder dry) inside a two-foot collapsible metal rod.
To use the bang stick, the wielder slams the muzzle end
of the stick against the intended target (Dexterity +
Melee roll [difficulty 6]). The rod telescopes down, slam-
ming a firing pin into the base of the shotgun shell and
setting it off. This inflicts 10 dice of (Lethal) damage on
the unfortunate victim. A botch on the attack roll
inflicts this same damage on the wielder, and three or
more unsoaked Health Levels result in the explosive
amputation of the user's hand. A bang stick can be used
on land or underwater with equal effectiveness. A char-
acter with the Secondary Skill: Gunsmith at 2 or higher
can make a bang stick with access to a machine shop and
a shotgun shell and one hour to work. A bang stick can
be concealed under a jacket.

¢ Harpoon: A harpoon is essentially an oversized
spear. Harpoons were traditionally used for whale-hunt-

ing. Harpoons can be used as melee weapons, in which
case an attack with one is made at difficulty 7, or can be
thrown, in which case the attack is treated as an attack
with any thrown weapon. In either case, a harpoon
inflicts Strength + 3 (Lethal) damage and cannot be
concealed. Harpoons typically have wooden shafts and
can thus be used to stake vampires, although this may be
a bit of overkill. Then again, maybe not...

¢ Harpoon gun: Modern whaling vessels typically use
harpoon guns, oversized spearguns which fire economy-
sized harpoons. Harpoon guns are bolted toa ship's deck and
cannot be removed and fired by any character with a
Strength of less than 7 (which pretty much limits their
portable use to shapeshifters and elder vampires). They can
fire normal harpoons (above), inflicting 15 dice of (Lethal)
damage, or explosive-headed whaling harpoons. These
highly unpleasant projectiles inflict 10 dice of (Lethal)
damage when they strike. If at least three successes were
scored on the attack roll and three Health Levels of damage
were inflicted after the victim soaked, the harpoon stays in
the victim and the explosive head detonates at the begin-
ning of the next turn, inflicting 8 dice of aggravated damage
on the victim and 3 dice of (Lethal) non-aggravated damage
within a two-meter radius.

APPENDIX

123

A_A_A_A_A _A_A

A_A_A_A _A_A

a

Oe

Inn.

MALL.

Harpoon guns are designed for attacking whales and
other large targets, and these attacks are made at diffi-
culty 6. Human-sized victims are a base difficulty 8, and
Crinos/zulo forms are difficulty 7. Harpoon guns may not
be used to make called shots when firing at a target
smaller than a whale.

Range: 40

Rate: |

Clip: 1, 5 actions to reload

¢ Speargun: A speargun uses a compressed air charge
to fire a long metal shaft similar to an arrow. Spearguns
are equally effective on land or underwater, with the
exception of increased range if fired in the air (due to
lessened resistance). Spearguns do not lose damage as
firearms do when firing through water (see above). If
using the variant armor rules from The Vampire Story-
tellers Companion, spearguns are resisted by body armor's
Melee Soak rating.

Damage: 6 (Lethal)

Range: 30 (underwater)/50 (in air)

Rate: 1

Clip: 1, two actions to reload

Conceal: T

SWIMMING AND DIVING EQUIPMENT

¢ Buoyancy compensator: This is a scuba diver's
inflatable vest that is usually worn in conjunction with a
weight belt. The vest is connected to the diver's air tank.
By increasing or decreasing the amount of air the vest
holds, the diver can maintain neutral buoyancy and
neither sink nor float while diving. Athletics rolls at-
tempted while scuba diving without a buoyancy
compensator are made at +1 difficulty. A buoyancy
compensator also provides one extra soak die against
blunt attacks (such as fists or clubs).

© Deep-Dive Armor: This is a sealed steel exoskel-
eton used in deep-sea salvage work. It weighs several
hundred pounds and is nigh-impossible to maneuver in
the open air. Deep-dive armor is used in conjunction
with a dive support ship to which the armor is tethered by
a steel cable, air lines, and a telephone link. If the air line
to the ship is severed, the armor has 12 hours of internal
air. It is pressurized to one atmosphere, so the diver does
not need to depressurize on ascent. Deep-dive armor
gives the character an effective Strength of 6 and Dexter-
ity of 1. The diver moves at a maximum rate of 3 meters
per turn and cannot take multiple actions. Deep-dive
armor incorporates its own searchlights and video cam-

vvvvvyvysfyv
WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

vvvvVvyVVvVVY VY WY WY W

\_A_A_A_A_A_A _A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A

era (whose image is relayed to the support ship). It is not
armed and is incapable of complex or delicate manipula-
tions. Deep-dive armor is safely rated to 600 meters'
depth. It is not available for player characters to purchase
and operate without outside assistance.

¢ Dive computer: This is a compact electronic
device, roughly the size of a graphing calculator, that is
worn strapped to a diver's forearm or attached to her
buoyancy compensator by a strap. A dive computer is
programmed before a dive with information on the air
mix in the diver's tanks and the local water conditions.
It includes a chronograph, a depth/pressure sensor, and
an LCD display that tells the diver how much time she
has before he needs to begin her ascent and the proper
speed at which she should ascend. The dive computer is
mainly included for storytelling purposes, but charac-
ters diving without one are much more likely to
encounter one or more of the dive-related ailments
described above.

¢ Diving clothing: Scuba divers typically wear spe-
cially designed clothing when diving. This clothing
generally falls into three categories: dive skins, wetsuits,
and drysuits. All three generally cover the diver's entire
body except the head and hands, and many come with
hoods and gloves.

Dive skins are stretchy fabric with little to no insu-
lating properties. They are worn primarily to protect
from jellyfish stings, coral scrapes, and abrasion from
belts and harnesses, and are intended for use in water 75
degrees or warmer. They provide minimal to no environ-
mental protection.

Wetsuits are made of neoprene rubber. They are
intended to provide insulation for divers in most water
(50 degrees or warmer). A character in a wetsuit does not
lose an appreciable amount of body heat in water warmer
than 65 degrees and gains two extra dice of Stamina to
roll against hypothermia in cooler water.

Drysuits are similar to wetsuits, but are made of syn-
thetic waterproof fabrics. They form watertight seals that
keep a thin layer of air against the body for extra insulation.
Drysuits are used for water down to 28 degrees (salt water
freezes at lower temperatures), although temperatures be-
low 40 degrees require special cold-proofed scuba gear.
Commercial divers working in cold water for long periods of
time wear undersuits beneath their drysuits that are threaded
with small tubes through which heated water is pumped
from a surface support vessel. Drysuits allow the player to
make his character's hypothermia rolls as if the water were
one "stage" warmer (see Hypothermia, above); heated
drysuits allow rolls at two "stages" up the scale.

vv vvVvVvVvyvvyvvyvyewvye+wvyéeséséésWvW'VYO'V'WYWYVYiYWY «YW

APPENDIX


© Life vest: This should require no explanation. A
character wearing a life vest cannot dive, but receives three
extra dice when rolling to float or tread water (above). A life
vest provides three extra soak dice against blunt attacks. It
does not count against a character's "dead weight" total for
purposes of determining swimming speed.

© Rebreather: A rebreather is similar in basic
function and appearance to a set of scuba gear. The
primary game difference between the two is that a
rebreather collects the diver's exhaled air and stores it
in a secondary tank rather than releasing it into the
water. This means that there is no constant stream of
bubbles to betray the presence of a diver who is attempt-
ing to move covertly (normal scuba gear gives off bubbles
with every exhalation, thus pinpointing the presence of
the diver). Rebreathers are primarily military equip-
ment and are very difficult to acquire (five dots in
Resources, military Allies or Contacts, and a benevo-
lent Storyteller) and maintain (+2 difficulty on all
Repair/Technology rolls).

¢ Scuba gear: The basic scuba system package includes
a mouthpiece, a valve system called a regulator, and one to
three air tanks. It is possible to rent scuba gear at most major
harbors and seaside resorts. Buying a scuba set of one's own
typically requires three dots in Resources; rental requires
one dot. A scuba set that is properly weighted and balanced
(e.g. not a rental set) does not count against a character's
"dead weight" for purposes of determining swimming speed.

MERITS AND FLAWS

The following Merits and Flaws can be taken by all
characters, unless otherwise indicated or forbidden by the
Storyteller. In addition, the Storyteller may choose to alter
the point value of some other flaws: for example, the Flaw:
Severe Phobia (the ocean) might be worth more than 3
points in a chronicle set entirely in Hawai'i.

SEA LEGS (1-POINT APTITUDE MERIT)

A character with Sea Legs never needs to roll for
seasickness (above). She is assumed to have such strong

WORLD OF DARKNESS: BLOOD-DIMMED TIDES

constitution as to never become motion sick. A charac-
ter must have a minimum Stamina of 2 to purchase this
Merit.

STRONG LUNGS (1-POINT PHYSICAL MERIT)

The character has an incredible lung capacity, either
through training or the grace of good genes. His maximum
time to hold his breath is figured as if his Stamina were one
point higher. Vampires may take this Merit, but it is of
limited utility to them.

NATURAL SWIMMER (2-POINT APTITUDE MERIT)

The character takes to the water as if she were born
in it (perhaps she was). Her swimming speed is calculated
as if her Athletics score were one dot higher, and all rolls
for maneuvering underwater are made at -2 difficulty.
This Merit only costs 1 point for aquatic characters such
as Rokea.

MOTION SICKNESS (1-POINT APTITUDE FLAW)

A character who suffers from motion sickness is easily
unbalanced by the rocking of the sea. The player makes
Stamina rolls for seasickness against a base difficulty of 8. A
sadistic Storyteller may also require seasickness rolls from
the player of such a character in other situations, such as a
long car ride...

UNABLE TO SWIM (2-POINT APTITUDE FLAW)

The character has never learned to swim, or has been
taught but reverts to helpless flailing. Consider this
character's Athletics rating to be zero for purposes of the
above movement rules. A character cannot take this Flaw
unless he has at least one dot in Athletics, and a character
with the Secondary Ability: Swimming cannot take this
Flaw for obvious reasons. At the Storyteller's discretion, a
character who takes swimming lessons after game play
begins may buy off this Flaw at the cost of six experience
points after using experience to raise his Athletics score at
least one dot.

Aq pauues:

aTaNas

=
‘stow pure ‘uoneuojul co}

Sulijes — MOLOUI pue xJO}IOW 9Y}

— syipj Suljasueys mou OM]
Basiapun ay jo sayuan

daap ayia o2 relpnded yes1ya

ualye ue "YeBIAJopny_ Jaastuls ay}

UO s]leJap SuIpNysut ‘sstuoseyUe

JoqeMsopun jo Arenseq VW e

souldiosiq, queries
0} JeqWIOD JaIVMJOpUN WO ‘seas
aya Japun siaqdeiey SUTyeI JO} sajNy

*SNIVINOD
SACIL GINWIG-GO014 *SSINVYVG JO dTYOM

OA JO}
YOog ay st siup ‘aoed Jo adueyp ke JO} aJOTUOIYD JaIVMdaap JO JEISeOD PB INO AN
IO BAS OF s1oqoeIByd Jaqqnypue] nod aye oO} SUTYOO] ainoA IYywy ‘daap
aya Jo ae} ay Jo sdiys ysoys pamois-yaweIM IYI JOYE ‘suaztuap IYI JO
SJOIDIS ay oreq she] pue ‘ssou yteqd jo PHOAA oy jo Seas our saiojdxa SOplL
Pewee osld *SSOUAILC] jo PLOY "MOU sasurvyd wey L jIoA posojdxo
1, U9AeY noA soov|d sy (SYIUA-UDAVS Joyo out ‘Mou noA — SSOUALC] jo
POA oy jo Jsol oy ul UO sulos sqeyn 1 YOO] B ayer O07 OUT) say

TAS SHE HUM Wad VS 39 LHDTN OL

"uoseq Jo aw aya — pooy jo aun ayp ‘own sey)
Joy Apoinb Wea WY? sdinqVaIZ_ "ploa ssapyst] pue [FYI WMs1e aya ysnosyy
A]ssa]JoyJa Opis JUp ssuryA ‘dJoYyI UMOp sBuryA ***oIe dJOY_] jJoyes Aue alam
ssauysed JO pytof aya Jo suvad0 aya IY? YUTYA NoA apeu rey /\ "erURIISN]
ay JO Maid ay yse isnf aorjd ayes B sem uRdd0 oy] pres ApogoN

VIS S019 JI0 FHL GNV TAI THE NTIM SSH) WV)
