# File: Blood Bond.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

THE MASQUERADE" a

ae x a
: x @: +
‘ é
F: }
i

THE LOBBY

HALLWAY TO


BLOOD BOND

Written by Ken Cliffe

‘
(Monster! whiter:

haste? What designs breed thy rage?
— Beethoven, Fidelio

hy

Many Cainites enjoy pretending they
have become bitter cynics, incapable of

ing or being cared for. Despite the
ort they put into their steely images,
the reality of the Blood Bond denies
this pose. The hearts of all
Vampires, whether they have
reached the splendor of
Golconda or the inhuman
depths of diable
seduced by the thr
vite of their Kindred.

Those thus captured find the
warmth ofa new-found love spreads
through them as they gulp down
the third draught. The desires
of their regnant become their
own, and not even their own
existence matters more than their
beloved. No acne-scarred teenager
was ever more enthralled by puppy
lov No newlywed ever felt greater
desire. No mortal has ever felt more
vulnerable.

Blood Bond is total.

Blood Bond is consuming.

Blood Bond cannot be escaped...
Or can it?

MCMACI~ vi


Neally Edwards

Special Thanks:

Ken "What are you doing to my work?" Cliffe for not losing
his cool over space constraints.

Mark "Back on Schedule" Rein « Hagen for busting butt
(mainly other people's) to get things the way they're supposed to
be.

Stewart "Supreme Rulerof this Dimension, and..." Wieck for
not dominating all he surveys and leaving it to us puny mortals.

Wes "Original Gangsta" Harris for instructing all up and
coming MacDaddies.

Josh "Shut up, fool" Timbrook for not allowing his new
position to go to his head.

Sam "You ever tasted Auturian Speckled Goose Pie?" Chupp
for cooking real food and having sugar.

Andrew "Whoah - Gravity" Greenberg for putting his foot
down and through the roof.

Travis "Oid" Williams for going on and on and on and on
and on about the computer (and its games, functions, peripherals,
etc.)

Chris "Maui Wowee" McDonough for taking Ann off the
Market (Damn!)

© 1991 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Reproduction without written
permission of the publisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Vampire, Gothic-Punk, Chicago By Night, Blood Bond and White
Wolf are all trademarks of White Wolf.

CREDITS

Written by: Ken Cliffe
Edited by: Andrew Greenberg, Stewart Wieck
Developed by: Mark Rein © Hagen,
Andrew Greenberg
Interior Art: John Bridges, Fosh Timbrook
Cover Art: Jeff Starling
Production: Sam Chupp
Cartography: Chris McDonough
Back Cover: Chris McDonough
Logo: Chris McDonough

This supplement is dedicated to

the memory of Theodore Seuss Geisel
- Dr. Seuss - who told stories to us all.

j, *,
YM ys, \
Ye | | ; ~

The Amulet of the Sabbat

2 Blood Bond

fee

INTRODUCTION

Blood Bond explores some of the most powerful emo-
tions known to the Undead. Set in Chicago, this story supple-
ment may be told as part of the Forged in Steel Chronicle and
placed either before or, more appropriately, after Ashes to
Ashes, It involves settings and people detailed in Chicago by
Night. The story is also structured loosely enough to stand on
its own so it can be played as part of your own Chronicle, in the
setting of your choice.

As the possible outcomes of Ashes are virtually unlim-
ited, this story makes one basic assumption about what occurred.
Lodin is assumed to have survived his kidnapping and is still
reigning Prince of Chicago. If Lodin was destroyed ina previous
story, simply replace his role in this story with a new Prince or
powerful Elder of your own choosing. You should also keep in
mind that if you move the story out of Chicago it requires you to
change Neally and some of the other major Chicago Vampires
described in this story into similar Kindred from your own
Chronicle.

This story also presumes that the characters are Anarchs,
or at least rebels of a sort. If this is not the case, modifications
will have to be made in the way we describe the interactions
between Lodin and some of the other elders and the characters.
This should not change things drastically, but it will require you
to fabricate a new set of motivations for the characters — which
is pretty much left in your capable hands in any case.

Theme

"It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have
those three unspeakably precious things: freedom of speech,
freedom of conscience and the prudence never to practice either
of them."

— Samuel Clemens, "Following the Equator"

This story concerns itself with the eternal pursuit of
freedom and examines the reason why some wish to restrict it in
others. In Blood Bond, the characters are allowed a great deal
of personal choice and may well be instrumental to an Elder's
liberation from Blood Bond. While having a wide latitude in
choosing their actions, the characters are later forced to make a
number of moral choices — freedom has a price. Over the
course of the story the characters discover the oppressiveness of
the Camarilla and are invited to determine their own fate by
joining the Sabbat.

The pursuit of freedom inevitably leads to direct confron-
tation with powers seeking to repress the individual. The Prince
of the city acts to restrain the characters and preserve the
Masquerade. If they are able to defy the Prince's tyranny, the
characters may control their own fate. But of course there is no
escape from the Blood Bond. It deniesall liberties, it suppresses
all freedom.

The characters seek autonomy and strive for freedom
throughout the story, but in the end they may ask themselves,
"who among us is Blood Bound?"

————————— oo Go
Plot

"T only think of you on two occasions
That's day and night"
— The Deal, "Two Occasions"
This story revolves around a feud between two Elders,

waged over the love of a mortal woman. The characters become
involved when they unwittingly release one of the feuding
Elders from stasis during a battle with a pack of Sabbat. That
Vampire then exacts his revenge against his old foe, Neally
Edwards of Clan Ventrue, a revenge which the characters are
made witness to over the course of a number of evenings.

Haggard and broken, Neally finally turns to the charac-
ters for aid. If the characters decide to help him, however, they
unwittingly cause him more harm than he has already suffered.
Still, by persevering, they emerge with freedoms previously
unimagined — the power to choose their own path of existence.

The mystery behind these events ultimately unfolds in a
cemetery during the rite of initiation for the Sabbat, which has
quite an exclusive membership. In order to escape the Blood
Bond put upon him by his enemy, Neally is willing to join even
them.

Note that most events in this story take place over
extended periods of time. At first events seem unrelated, but as
the characters partake of several unusual scenes, they realize a
subtle conspiracy is at work. To reflect this growing awareness,
the Storyteller should stage initial scenes independently of each
other, at times specified within each scene. Only once Chapter
Three is underway should the characters begin to realize the
trouble they have stumbled into.

The Story of the Feud

"oh i miss the treachery the shameless

kiss of vanity the soft and the black and the

velvety up tight against the side of me and

mouth and eyes and heart all bleed and run in

thickening streams of greed"

— The Cure, "Disintegration"
The seeds of this story were planted just under a hundred
years ago. The story begins with two young American aristo-
crats from Chicago; one was named Jefferson Foster, the other
Neally Edwards. The two men were inseparable friends since
early childhood. Coming from rich families, the two were
afforded much time to devote to frivolity, and did their best to
enjoy life's pleasures. Jefferson was the more ascetic of the two
and preferred to experience cultural delights whereas Neally
preferred self-indulgence and revelled in hedonism (though
retaining a frontof respectability). Though the pair had disparate
tastes, they complemented each other perfectly and attended
most social functions together, forever trying to comprehend the
appeal behind the other's favorite pleasures.
Their relationship changed when Neally became hooked

onmorphine. Jefferson stood by his old friend through the entire
period of degradation and social uproar surrounding his old

Blood Bond #

— at CNE CCUD = . esos

friend's addiction. While Neally's other friends and even his
family turned their backs on him, Jefferson remained at his side.
Neally had expected his friends' rejection, and could not under-
stand why this one stayed with him. Guilt and a refusal to accept
that someone could give such unconditional friendship began to
haunthim. As the pain of rehabilitation continued, Neally began
to resent his old friend for his faithfulness. When he finally left
the morphine clinic, a broken and lonely man, he did uncon-
sciously took to avoiding Jefferson. Then he met Lodin, the
Prince of Vampires.

Jefferson accepted that his old friend needed some time
to himself to recover from this traumatic period. What Jefferson
did not know was that his friend had recently been taken from the
realm of mortality and turned into a Vampire. Approached by
Lodin, Neally had required little persuasion to leave his old life
and enter a new one. Neally found his new existence more
fulfilling than any other physical pleasure he had experienced.
He also found it the perfect way to revenge himself on his old
friend (though he did not think of it that way, in his own mind he
was doing his best friend a favor) and took the first opportunity
to tum Jefferson into one of the Undead — with Lodin's
permission, of course. Now Neally could be stronger than his
old friend for all eternity, and he secretly revelled in the fact. No
more would be feel like the weak and helpless half of their
friendship. Once again the two spent almost all their time
together, but things had changed between them.

Jefferson did not appreciate the physicality of Vampiric
existence. He resented his Beastial side and silently longed to
be human again. But, since Jefferson's constant companion had
accepted this new life, Jefferson decided he should too. He
never realized why his old friend really enjoyed his company,
and grew to accept that Neally was now the senior member of
their "partnership", just has he was during Neally's "illness."

As Vampires continued their old ways they had the
capacity to enjoy more of their favorite pleasures given their
newfound longevity. Their forced camaraderie faltered, though,
when the two saw a beautiful actress on the Chicago stage. Her
name was Emily Carter and her grace and vivacity captivated
both. Jefferson was drawn to her for her purity and innocence.
He cherished those ascetic qualities as he would a work of art.
Above all he appreciated her humanity and wanted to allow her
to retain that virtue, thus giving him back something of which he
had lost. Neally, on the other hand, cherished her for morecarnal
reasons. He was greatly aroused by the woman's purity and
innocence. He wanted to corrupt Emily and make her a Lick so
he could master and abuse her at his leisure. While Jefferson
wanted to protect her, Neally wanted to possess her — and both
began to compete for her affections.

When the two men courted Emily, their frayed friendship
strained and finally snapped for good. Eventually their diver-
gent motives resulted in direct confrontation. Neally ultimately
won Emily's love, attracting her with the power of his masculine
charm. Though Neally originally wanted to Embrace her, he
found making her a Ghoul more satisfying. He realized twisted

sexual pleasure in possessing Emily as a private, permanent
source of Food. Coincidentally he also discovered that Emily's
continued humanity caused Jefferson much distress. Neally had
come to enjoy his friend's useless efforts to win the girl. By
leaving Emily her humanity. Neally could still be entertained by
Jefferson's vain efforts — Emily's humanity kept Jefferson
intent in his desire to win the woman. Had she been Embraced,
Jefferson would know that she was unattainable and would have
given up the hunt.

To ensure Emily remained his, Neally Blood Bound her.
Jefferson was outraged by Neally's crime and moved to steal
Emily away and protect her from further corruption. His
desperate rescue efforts failed, however, the strength of the
Blood Bond being immutable. Thus the old friends became
bitter enemies, intent only on causing harm to one another.

Over the ensuing years Jefferson made several attempts
to break Neally's Bond over Emily. His efforts were wasted, so
he sought some hidden means to break the Bond. Some methods
seemed promising, butnone succeeded. It was then that Jefferson
learned of the secrets of the Sabbat — they had mastered the
Bond. The only way to learn the Sabbat's secrets was to join
them. With little hope to be found elsewhere, Jefferson traveled
to Toronto where the Sabbat were rumored to be in power. Once
his dangerous journey was complete he entered a graveyard in
the center of the city and announced his presence to the dreaded
brethren. After passing many tests he was initiated and then
accepted into their Tribe.

His initiation into the Sabbat was maddening, and it tore
from him his last vestiges of sanity. After he had pulled himself
from his own grave, as the Sabbat indoctrination demands,
Jefferson lost all shreds of his humanity. As a ferocious,
predatory beast, he forgot his former purpose and ran with the
Sabbat for decades. He had broken free of his past, but he has
lost himself in the process

Only after years with the Sabbat, and after gaining
considerable power and experience, did Jefferson began to
recall his previous life with the Camarilla. The year was 1967.
By that time Jefferson was an Elder within the Sabbat and held
significant power in Toronto. However, with the return of his
memories, the passion of his former love for Emily returned as
well and Jefferson could no longer bear being apart from her. He
therefore forsook his power, abandoned the Sabbat, and left
Toronto for Chicago. Back in the city of his Birth, Jefferson
learned that Neally was still alive and had gained great authority
as a servant of Chicago's Prince Lodin. Neally had risen high in
the Prince's ranks, earning Lodin's trust and becoming one of
his most important progeny.

Not having seen Jefferson for years, Neally had thought
his old rival long dead and given him little thought. Subcon-
sciously, however, Jefferson had great effect on him. Since his
friend left, Neally had begun to take on some of partner's
characteristics, becoming more willing to help others and less
suspicious and guarded. The two of them had always been
opposite halves of the same coin, and with Jefferson gone a void

4 Blood Bond

—~ ThE RETURN + -

had been created in his heart. Over the years he filled that void
with the fragile remnants of his own humanity, and had even
managed to gain new humanity.

In a sense, the two had traded places. Their fates
interwound with one another, and one could not make a change
without the other changing in turn. The Yin and Yang were in
a dance, and the opposites had to be maintained.

On his return the cold-hearted Jefferson had the opportu-
Nity to take Neally by surprise and destroy the Vampire once and
for all. Having gained much power in the Sabbat, however,
Jefferson also developed arrogance, and resolved to inform
Neally of his return so as to season the flavor of the hunt. Given
the opportunity to prepare for attack, a frightened Neally sought
to destroy Jefferson before the latter could strike. It was not
difficult to locate Jefferson's Haven. Neally correctly surmised
that Jefferson would seek refuge in a place close to his lost love.
Arriving on the scene of the old theatre in which the pair had first
seen Emily perform, Neally discovered Jefferson's sleeping
form, He created a number of Ghouls to assist him and they
brought him to the theatre just before sunset. He then staked
Jefferson just as his victim awoke for the night. Though he had
intended to extinguish Jefferson, he found that his heart would
not let him take such action — the dance continued on. With the
theatre under restoration, Neally and his coterie disposed of
Jefferson's body at the scene of their crime. The immobilized
Vampire was immersed into a mold of wet cement and left
imprisoned there. Then Neally slew all his Ghoul helpers so as
toleave no witnesses. When mortals came to work the next day,
Jefferson was entombed within the walls of the theatre.

+

Jefferson's imprisonment was tortuous. Staked at the
moment between day and night, he was awake for his assault, but
was not roused enough to enact a defense. Thus, Jefferson was
forced to lie physically dormant, but being mentally aware, lay
trapped with the pain and suffering of his staking. This time in
stasis caused Jefferson to kindle an even more intense hatred for
Neally. That hatred was fueled further by the notion that Emily
still lay in the clutches of Neally and that Jefferson could nought
but brood.

Since disposing of his enemy, Neally has grown even
morecomplacent. His position in the Chicago Camarilla affords
him considerable power and resources. Being the Prince's chief
aid, he is also protected from harm — who would dare incur
Lodin's wrath by assaulting him? Given this authority and
protection, Neally has found that he no longer needs to defend
himself against enemies, and has every need catered to. This
complacency makes Neally particularly vulnerable toJefferson's
return, and the characters play a hand in the latter's release.

The Flashback

If you are especially adventurous you may wish to
roleplay out this story using an advanced roleplaying technique:
Flashback. Simply have two of your players play the two
"friends," other players play the various other characters, and
alternate this story of their feud with the story of the primary
characters and they attempt to conclude it. Be forewamed,
however, this is a difficult task and not one to be undertaken by
every troupe. To be sure, however, there is no better way to
explain the details behind what is happening in this story.

hee et

CNAPTER ONE: Cre RectuRN
6 ————— rr

"Black day stormy night
No love, no hope in sight
Don't cry he is coming"
—Prince, "The Cross"

This Chapter introduces the characters to Jefferson Fos-
ter: they help him escape his stony prison. After meeting
Jefferson, the characters do not encounter him again for some
time. But when they do, they realize that a story is subtly
developing while they have been busy taking care of other
business. To create this storytelling effect, this Chapter should
be played asa diversion in another story youare telling. Though
events described here have no bearing on the story you are
currently telling, the players do not know that and may try to
incorporate Jefferson's arrival into your story. Let them do so
and try to keep your laughter to yourself.

Scene One: Drama at the Theatre

In this scene the characters attend the opera when a
motorcycle gang bursts in, interrupting the performance. The
gang members are actually rogue Sabbat in search of their long
lost leader, Jefferson. The gang has been looking for him for
some time, and recently a Camarilla defector from Chicago told
them that Jefferson had been seen in this theater prior to his
disappearance. Departing immediately to Chicago they visit the
theatre as soon as they get to town, causing a commotion as they
search it. They see the characters and the performance and,
hoping to find arebellious spirit in the Neonate characters, invite
them to join their ranks

The gang does not gounmolested, however. A Camarilla
Elder and his guards are also on the scene. These Vampires
confront the Sabbat, resulting in a brawl which literally brings
the house down. Regardless of whether they get involved in the
fight or not, the characters get in trouble with Lodin, who

Blood Bond >

becomes angered by any breach of the Masquerade (the Cama-
rilla has long been pressuring him to control his tumultuous
Anarchs).

To add further spice to the scene, Neally and his Ghoul,
Emily, are also at the theatre. And, of course, Jefferson himself
is met near the end of the scene when the characters free him
from his tomb of stone.

Setting

This scene is completely encompassed by the setting of
the theatre, which is Chicago's famous Auditorium Building
and theatre, located on East Congress Parkway. The theatre is
the same in which Jefferson and Neally first saw Emily, and it
is the same building in which Jefferson was entombed by Neally.
The theatre is old and has undergone considerable renovation,
though Jefferson has gone undisturbed thanks to Neally's ma-
nipulations.

If the characters would not normally attend the opera,
change the circumstances of the performance (i.e. make it a
comedy, a drama or a Shakespearean tragedy). A high society
performance simply lends atmosphere to the scene, allowing for
stark contrast with arrival of the brutal Sabbat. Characters might
also be induced to attend the opera if they somehow get their
hands on free tickets.

Dialogue and Drama

There are several opportunities for dialogue and drama in
this scene. The characters may get into an exchange of insults
with Sheriff. They can interact, violently or nonviolently, with
the Sabbat gang. One or more Vampires might encounter Emily
and make an attempt tocharm her. And, afterreleasing Jefferson
from his prison, the characters may speak shortly with him
before all abandon the theatre. The potential for Drama cannot
be ignored, whether it be with Sheriff, the Sabbat gang, or the
newly risen Jefferson.

Youcan run the following episodes in any order you like,
but they are presented in the order that they will most likely
occur. You will probably be doing some mixing and matching,
orienting your story to fit the actions and desires of the characters.
We cannot tell you what your players will do as even you cannot
do that, so we have tried to give you an idea of some things to
present during the scene.

Keep in mind that the theatre is part of Elysium and that
violence is strictly prohibited within its bounds. What occurs in
this scene violates the sanctity of Elysium and the characters are
likely to get in trouble for it. You may wish to warn your players
of this, if they are not already familiar with it.

© Overbearing Balthazar
One of the first things the characters see once they get to
their seats is a Vampire Elder who they have had dealings with
before. He looks down at them from his box seat and gives them
anevil smile. After a few moments he leans over the railing and

at DIGH CULTURE + —"

motions them tocome up to his box to attend him. The Elder who
attends the theatre should be one that the characters have had a
run-in with before; the two parties should not be on the best of
terms. If you have already played Ashes to Ashes, Sheriff would
be ideal for this part. He attends the theatre with ahuman woman
named Louella, presumably his evening meal. Three body-
guards are also with Sheriff. These Ghouls never speak. Indeed,
they keep their distance at all times, but their presence is
unmistakable.

Depending on how you want to stage things, the charac-
ters could also spot Sheriff first as he enters the theatre. Any way
you do it, his first words are loaded with the same disdain (don't
forget his Southern accent):

"What the Hell are you damn Childer doin' here? This here
place is fer cultered folks, not snott-nosed little brats. Why don'
yo all jus' g0 on home to yer mommies."

The characters may insult Sheriff in turn, but it is unwise
to raise his ire. Though he may not take public action against the
group, he will definitely come down hard on them the next time
they meet. If it ever seems like Sheriff is in danger of being
attacked, his guards close in, and one of them will open his coat
to the characters, revealing an Uzi with a silencer. Surrounded
by his retainers, Sheriff leans back into the shelter they provide,
breaks a smug grin and folds his arms across his wide chest —
just daring the characters to make the first move.

. Despite this the characters may take physical action
against Sheriff. Once any sort of physical action is taken the
guards take out their weapons and surround their "liege".
Fighting in the theatre is definitely a mistake, though, as it
threatens the Masquerade and will put the characters at odds
with Lodin (as he discovers what occurred).

If a fight is about to break out between Sheriff and the
Anarchs, you may allow the battle to proceed or use your
Storytelling powers to bring it toa premature end. The latter is
more conducive to the flow of the story, but it goes somewhat
against the theme of the story. However, just as Sheriff is about
to act against the characters, he seems to glance beyond them.
He instantly lowers his guard and quickly moves away. If the
characters turn, they find Neally standing only a few feet behind.
Emily is with him. Neally stares at them coldly, as if to suggest
"show a little more wisdom or suffer the consequences". Wise
characters will comply. This encounter is especially useful
because it lets the characters know that Neally is present, and
allows at least one character to see Emily. If that character
continues to watch her as they part, the Vampire notices that she
turns back to return the character's look — an act of recognition
and attraction.

© Seductive Emily
If the characters have not already met Emily, you should
have at least one of them notice Neally step into one of the boxes
overlooking the stage, accompanied by a startlingly beautiful

6 Blood Bond

- +ENTER CHE SABBAC + :

Wy}

S A

A]

eS

woman. Describe how drawn the character is to this dark beauty
who sits in Neally's box.

She is Emily, Neally's Ghoul and lover. With one Intelli-
gence success against a value of 6, acharacter recognizes Neally
if they have never met before. With two successes, a character
recognizes Emily as Neally's "personal companion." While
watching Emily, she will look back, lock eyes and smile. The
character may seek Emily out, perhaps during intermission. The
physical appearance of the character is inconsequential to the
Ghoul; Emily is physically interested in any Kindred. If Emily
sees the character approaching, she moves away from Neally
and greets the character in a warm, alluring way. Emily
immediately dives into sexual flirtation and is prepared to
engage the character in a more physical encounter (see Emily's
Exploits, below). If the character is game, the couple may
decide on an agreeable time and place. Emily is not opposed to
getting things going within the theatre itself.

You need to carefully choose the character that Emily
will flirt with in this subplot. First of all you need to be
reasonably sure that the character will respond in some way to
her advance. Secondly you will want to choose a player who
will go along with it and who can roleplay a character in full.
Since the player in question will receive a lot of attention in this
story, you should choose a player who has not been the subject
of a subplot in sometime. In terms of appropriate character
personalities, those with Demeanors or Natures of Gallant,
Deviant or Hedonist readily come to mind as types who could
easily be interested in Emily. However, characters who are a bit
more straitlaced (and find their perfect counterpoint in Emily)
would be the Cavalier, Curmudgeon and Visionary.

It is important that Neally be present at the theatre when
the Sabbat gang breaks in. He frequents the theatre to relish in
his victory over Jefferson. By attending the opera with Emily,
Neally effectively thumbs his nose at Jefferson. Present during

the Sabbat intrusion, Neally becomes aware of their existence in
Chicago. He also learns of any slim relationship that develops
between the characters and the Sabbat, whether by witnessing
their meeting or hearing of it afterward. These pieces of
knowledge are significant as Neally later "employs" the charac-
ters to get him in touch with the Sabbat.

¢ Enter the Sabbat

Just after intermission a commotion is heard out in the
lobby. Characters who get a Perception success of 6+ hear
someone shouting in a gruff voice and then everyone hears a
crash as if someone is being thrown around. The Sabbat make
their entrance by throwing a theatre security guard through the
main doors, into the audience area. The use of their Vampiric
strength is a blatant breach of the Masquerade, but the Sabbat
(especially rogue ones) do not uphold petty Camarilla Tradi-
tions.

Then, ignoring a red-faced chief usher, the leader of the
gang strides in with obvious arrogance. (Immediately after the
bikers intrude, the theatre manager calls the police, though it will
be at least 10 minutes before they arrive. ) Making as much of
acommotion as they can, the Vampires brazenly announce their
arrival. They shout, hoot and holler, declaring, "We're here for
the Party! Let's get some real culture!" They claim that they
want to watch the opera as well, and won't hear otherwise.
Moving near the front of the theatre they begin to toss a number
of bejeweled matrons and their dozing husbands from their seats,
intent on seating themselves.

Though the Soprano's aria falters somewhat, she bravely
carries on, but never takes her eyes off of the strange intruders.
However, when the Vampire begin to boo and make suggestive
comments about her bust size (and the armor she's wearing), she
stops singing completely and runs off the stage. Mortals in the

Blood Bond 7

+ SCAKE IN CHE SCONE +

theatre also take this as their cue to leave and make way for the
nearest exit, though not that used by the gang.

In a few moments the theatre is void of those who still
breathe. Neally and Emily are among those people leaving.
Neally doesn't want to take responsibility for dealing with the
Sabbat, leaving that labor for Sheriff. To spot Neally leaving,
characters must get a Perception success of 7+. If the characters
are actively looking for Neally or Emily, a success of 6+ is
needed. Anyone pursuing the couple is left behind as the two
enter a waiting limousine which quickly drives away.

You should make sure that the characters have seats
located two rows in front of the seats taken by the Sabbat. Bach,
the leader of the gang, gets a look at the characters after he sits
down and recognizes their kindred Vampiric spirit. Assuming
the characters are Anarchs of asort, he also recognizes a kindred
rebellious spirit. Reaching over the people in front of him, he
says to the characters in a stage whisper:

"Ah, Brothers and Sisters! Why do you remain within this
oppressive Camarilla? You are young and powerful. You have
rights and freedoms that are yours, but your precious Elders
deny them. Seize your rightful might! Throw off the Camarilla' s
yoke! Join us. Join the Sabbat! Ours is the way to freedom!"

Bach's offer is spoken in the traditional revolutionary
words of Sabbat and are intended to enlighten potential candi-
dates to ways of life alternative to the Camarilla. Anarchs are a
primary source of recruits for the Sabbat (the Sabbat was created
centuries ago by Anarchs in open revolt), and they work hard at
seducing characters over.

Even if the characters are not Anarchs, you could assume
that Bach makes a mistake and presupposes that they are. After
all, Neonates in the Camarilla appear oppressed when compared
to the Sabbat. Throughout the remainder of the story this
example of mistaken identity can be continued, providing hu-
mor and, more importantly, keeping the characters involved in
it.

After the Sabbat are settled in their seats and begin to
make trouble, Sheriff and his retainers move toward the gang.
He acts on his own volition, enraged that Sabbat would dare
show their face in Chicago and further angered with the Sabbats'
break of the Masquerade. Sheriff, backed by his bodyguards,
orders Bach and the Sabbat to get out of town or be destroyed.
They refuse anda fightensues. The battle is horribly brutal. The
Sabbat immediately become bestial and rend their opponents
limb from limb.

Characters may get involved in the brawl on the side of
their choice, or may remain neutral. Witnessing the carnage
caused by the Sabbat, the characters may well choose to stay out
of it. Sheriff commands the characters to come to his aid and
bellows accusations of treason if they take the Sabbat's side or
do not get involved. The Sabbat gang take part in the fight for
pure enjoyment. They are not interested in destroying the
characters unless the characters use lethal force. As Sheriff tries
to destroy his opponents, they do the same to him. Reveling in
the melee, the Sabbat laugh when they take the characters'

*

blows, and expect the characters to have fun too.

During fight the bikers have little to say. They are
completely wild, so are limited to screams of primal rage. For
shock effect a character could strike an opponent, she takes the
blow, turns to the Vampire with a smile of pleasure and says
"thank you" before knocking the character through a wall. The
Sabbat are enjoying themselves and are not very concerned
about their own safety. For them, this is a game.

¢ The Stake in the Stone

The battle at the theatre is incredibly destructive. The
Sabbat use all their strength in battle and, since mortals have fled
the theatre, Sheriff is not opposed to unleashing his full power.
This results in shattered walls and fallen beams. Among the
debris is the stone slab in which Jefferson is tapped. The man-
sized stone is unique in that it has a wooden stake protruding
from it. Reaching from its surface is a concrete encrusted glob
wrapping around the stake — possibly a hand. At some point in
this scene, the characters must spot this unusual piece of ma-
sonry. During battle, it may be discovered on a successful
Perception success of 5+. If no roll is successful, the Storyteller
should have a character come across the stone as a narrative
event.

Since the characters are involved in fierce combat, the
stake should appear as a gift from the gods. Emphasize its
presence to a character not doing so well in the fight ("You have
been knocked head-over-heels into a 6-foot-tall concrete slab.
Through the haze of blood obscuring your vision, you see what
appears to be a stake protruding from it.") If she uses it on one
of the Sabbat, the others will have a good laugh before removing
it.

After the fight, it is important that the characters have
time to investigate the stone without interruption. As Sheriff
pursues the Sabbat gang, and all mortals have left, the characters
have a chance to investiage. It is important that only the
characters know of the slab. If the Sabbat, Sheriff or Neally
discover Jefferson at this time, this story will take a dramatically
different course from what is proposed here.

Though caution dictates otherwise, characters will
probably be unable to refuse the stake's call; the allusion to
Arthurian legend may be too compelling and the need during the
fight too strong to be resisted. Once the stake is free, the slab lies
still for a moment, but soon begins to quake. After the combat
has ended and the various participants have fled, dust and rock
fly everywhere as Jefferson lunges forward into the world (he
was held in stasis by the stake, so still has blood in his veins to
utilize once freed). Having been entombed and brooding for
decades, he bursts forth in a Frenzy. The characters should
momentarily believe themselves under attack. However, after
Jefferson realizes that Neally is not present, he cools and
converses with the characters.

After the characters and Jefferson have had a short time
to become acquainted, approaching police sirens are heard. That
sound is Jefferson's cue to leave; he does not want his return to

8 Blood Bond

+ DURRIED FAREWELL + —-«

become widely known before his revenge is achieved. Outside
the theatre, Jefferson disappears using his Obfuscate power. It
is important that the characters not be able to follow Jefferson at
this time as he returns later to harry the Vampires' lives.

Having met Jefferson, the characters may do some re-
search into the mystery man. Any Vampire who existed in
Chicago at the turn of or in the early part of the 20th Century may
know of Jefferson, remembering him as an old friend of Neally's
who suddenly disappeared and was never heard from again. As
Neally and Jefferson kept their contest for Emily a private
matter, few other Vampires know of their feud. The characters
might learn Jefferson disappeared shortly after Neally made
Emily his Ghoul. Certainly no one knows that Neally staked and
embedded Jefferson in the wall of the theatre.

When characters are investigating Jefferson, keep in
mind the grapevine of Vampiric society. If the characters'
inquiries are not discreet Neally could get word of nosy Anarchs.
Neally does not immediately strike out against the characters for
fear of self-incrimination in Jefferson's disappearance. How-
ever, he does keep tabs on the characters. His familiarity with
them lends even more credence to his reliance on them later in
the story.

© Hurried Farewell

Though the Sabbat are entertained by the battle, they
have a specific agenda at the theatre: to find their missing master,
Jefferson. After a few rounds of combat, Bach decides that
Jefferson cannot be found at the moment, and orders his people
to leave the theatre. The gang stages a strategic retreat to their
bikes and take off. They take any downed comrades with them.
As the gang easily outnumbers Sheriff and his guards, and the
characters are probably half-hearted at best in their attacks, the
Sabbat should have little trouble getting away with their num-
bers intact.

When the Sabbat gang does leave the theatre, the mem-
bers bid the characters farewell based on the characters' actions
during the brawl. If the characters fought the gang, the bikers
thank the characters for the fight (or for the pummeling practice
if the characters are thoroughly trounced). If the characters
fought on the side of the Sabbat, the gang members slap them on
the back and yell "let's get out of here!" Bach adds:

"I see you can make choices for yourselves. So the
Camarilla doesn't control you entirely. The invitation still
stands. Seek us out if you want to join our Blood. That is, if you
have the courage to be free."

If the characters remain neutral in the brawl, the victori-
ous bikers dance around them a bit, perhaps stealing the hat of
one of the characters and playing keep away. Bach says:

"After all, we are brothers under the skin. Cain may be our
father, but not all siblings need war. Come to us when you are
ready, and we will become brothers in the Blood!"

Regardless of what happens at the theatre, the characters'
relationship with the Sabbat should not be entirely strained. The

Blood Bond 9

a + EMILYS STORY + —

two groups meet again later, and we do not want them to leap
right into fisticuffs.

Once they leave, the gang makes its way to arundown bar
on the outskirts of town. Sheriff loses track of them, but only
after wasting much time in useless pursuit. Thus, the characters
are not immediately threatened with reprisal from Sheriff for
any acts of "treason". The characters may hope to follow the
Sabbat, but are sidetracked with Jefferson's slab.

It is possible that the characters have had their fill of the
Camarilla, and accept Bach's offer to join the Sabbat, or that
they hope to use the biker gang in one of the ever-present plots
and schemes in Chicago. However, given the chaos of the battle,
the bikers' hasty exit, and the discovery of Jefferson's tomb,
willing Sabbat Initiates are left behind at the theatre. These
characters still have a chance to join the Sabbat later, though. If
you want the characters to join the Sabbat at this time, you will
have to redesign this story's plot. Of course, characters joining
the Sabbat have to undergo their Initiation...

Finally, the characters interact with Jefferson after they
telease him from his stony prison. After Jefferson has recovered
from the shock of his release, and realizes that Neally is not
present to endanger him, Jefferson questions the characters:
"Where am I? Who are you? What year is it?" Jefferson ex-
presses genuine disorientation, and seems angered by the length
of time which has passed since he was staked. Jefferson is
willing to answer characters' mundane question (Who are you?

When were you staked?), but does not reveal anything of his
personal agenda, anything of who staked him, or anything of his
Sabbat ties.

All in all, Jefferson is thankful that the characters freed
him and is pleasant to them after he composes himself, It should
appear to the characters that they have made a powerful, albeit
mysterious ally. This friendship only make things difficult later
when the groupis "employed" by Neally toactagainst Jefferson.

Characters

Most of the characters appearing in this scene appear
throughout the story. Their profiles are presented at the end of
this book. For Sheriff's profile, see Ashes to Ashes, p. 21.
Assume that Sheriff's Ghoulish bodyguards have Physical At-
tributes of four. The rest are two. The guards also have Brawl
and Dodge scores of four, and Potence of two. While armed with
Uzi's, they will avoid using them except as a last resort,
preferring chairs ripped from the floor and other parts of the
theater (difficulty 5, damage +2).

Emily's Story
"She took me to her castle and I could not believe my eyes
She had so many devices everything that money could buy
She said sign your name on the dotted line
The lights went out and Nicki started to grind"
—Prince, "Darling Nicki"

Emily was once innocent and naive, but has since been
physically and morally corrupted by her Ghoulish nature and by
Neally's bizarre sexual demands. As a result of such an
existence, Emily perceives herself as little more than a sexual
object and has developed unique sexual appetites of her own. In
fact, her desires have grown to such a degree that they dwarf
even Neally's.

Over the last few years she has grown bored with Neally,
and seeks fulfillment beyond her Master. Neally is aware of
Emily's promiscuity, and is increasingly troubled by it. He
enjoys the new techniques that Emily brings home, but has
become worried that his hold over her might be fading. In short,
he is becoming jealous, and doesn't want to share her with
anyone else. Asa form of revenge he has refused to give her any
more of his blood, though he still feeds from her.

Lately Neally has been warning Emily to be become less
indulgent with others, but that does not stop her. If she can lure
acharacter into a rendezvous, she becomes physical right away
(though she does not admit it to herself, she wants the blood).
Her passion is so overwhelming that the character must make
three Self-Control successes of 6+ to remain in control. Other-
wise, the character gives body and soul to her entirely. You will
need to describe the experience in such a way that the player
really understands what the character is feeling,and can roleplay
it out appropriately.

Emily knows that her relationship with Neally might
frighten off prospective lovers, so she explains how heis tolerant

10 Blood Bond

of her escapades for he no longer has any physical attachment to
her. Any character becoming involved with her soon learns the
tuth of Neally's feelings, though. Emily tells the characters that
Neally does not give her blood anymore, and asks them to "read
my mind" so as to prove it — if they check, this indeed is the
case. Emily does indeed seem to be a safe bet.

One of Emily's passions in the act of love making is a
mutual exchange of blood. She opens her own veins and claws
open those of her partner so that both may feed simultaneously.
Though Emily is only a Ghoul, she has learned to appreciate the
Feeding. Neally has not given her his blood in some time, and
so she is desperate to gain more before she ages any more (she
has noticed wrinkles around her eyes). This physical experience
is sointense and satisfying that the character may pass out unless
a Stamina success of 6+ is rolled. Either way the character feels
rejuvenated by the encounter, regaining all Willpower points.

As Emily is already Blood Bound to Neally, she cannot
become Bound to the character (This Blood Bond remains even
though he no longer gives her his blood). The character is not
so fortunate. The Vampire becomes lustful of Emily and Blood
Bound, not to Neally, but to Jefferson! Physical intimacy with
Emily is intoxicating. Whenever the opportunity for another
encounter arises, the character has trouble resisting. To do so
requires two Self-Control successes of 6+ in a single roll.
Furthermore, for each encounter after the first, the difficulty of
the test increases by one.

Though the character may not be able to control these
desires, there are rewards for this "weakness" — the character
regains a full Willpower score when together with Emily, and,
optionally, gains a permanent Willpower point whenever they
share blood. Sexual conquest and fulfillmentare one of the most
powerful ways to gain self-esteem and confidence.

A third feeding from Emily also makes the character
obsessive over the woman. The character's thoughts constantly
drift toward her. Asa result, any rolls that require concentration
are reduced by one die. The character also feels compelled to be
near Emily whenever possible. If the two are apart for a week,
the character loses a point of Willpower on the eighth and every
subsequent day until reunited. (Willpower cannot drop lower
than half its maximum as a result of this longing). If Emily ever
leaves the character on a permanent basis (i.e. at the end of this
story), the Vampire may Frenzy. A Willpower roll is made using
the character's current score (which is probably half or less than
maximum) against a target of 8. If successful the character
manages to put Emily out of his mind and live on. Willpower
points lost out of unrequited love return at a rate of one per day.
If the roll fails, the character feels compelled to pursue Emily
and claim her. In terms of Blood Bond, a character pursuing
Emily probably ends up chasing after Jefferson, who takes
Emily as his own. A confrontation with Jefferson over Emily
might mean the character's destruction. If Emily is ever killed
due to the character's action or inaction, the enamored character
permanently loses a Humanity point.

About three days after Jefferson's release, Emily falls

+ LODIN'S PRICE + =,

under the sway of her old suitor. She feeds upon him, putting his
blood in her veins (see below for full details). Once the
telationship between Jefferson and Emily is established, the
character maintaining physical relations with Emily may be-
come Blood Bound to Jefferson. The character must feed on
Emily on three separate occasions. After that third feeding, the
character unwittingly becomes Blood Bound to Jefferson.

A wary character might realize that freedom is jeopardized
when feeding on Emily. Theoretically, Emily was once a vessel
of Neally's blood, so a Vampire feeding on her might become
Blood Bound to Neally. As far as Emily knows, this is impos-
sible. She does not think a medium can be used between
Vampires to achieve Blood Bond, and tries to reassure her lover
that freedom is protected. Emily is wrong. The Bond can be
achieved through a medium as long as the Vitae is fresh in the
medium's veins. She has not fed on Neally's blood for some
time, making Jefferson's the only blood potent in her body.
Thus, thecharacter feeding on Emily becomes Bound toJefferson,
not Neally.

Scene Two: Lodin's Price

The day after events at the theatre, the characters learn of
a massive cover-up. Lodin has exerted his influence over the
city's media and made sure that the full scale of the disruption
is spoken of by noone. Newspapers and television reports claim
damage done at the theatre resulted from a battle between rival
drug gangs and that they set a fire which burned down the
theatre. If the characters investigate the building, they find a
charred husk with no evidence left of the fight that took place the
night before. Lodin is, if nothing else, thorough.

Needless to say, Lodin is irate over reports of the
Masquerade's defilement. However, the information he has
acquired is only piecemeal and contradictory. Sheriff has
altered the facts of his conflict with the Sabbat to avoid taking
any blame. The Prince knows Balthazar is lying about some-
thing, so he doubts Sheriff's claims of Sabbat involvement.
Lodin has also approached Neally over the matter, but Neally
claims to have left the theatre before the incident, not wanting to
sully his hands with such dirty business. This leaves Lodin no
choice but to drag the characters in for questioning. Lodin wants
to lay blame somewhere, and if the characters prove suitable
stooges, he will use them as scapegoats.

Lodin has his Retainers seek the characters out for
questioning. Sheriff is also present and subjected to interroga-
tion. With the arguments that undoubtedly arise between the
two parties, Lodin eventually grows angry and has all parties
drink of his blood. While the Primogen of Chicago do not allow
Lodin to Blood Bond any Kindred in the city, he can still use the
Bond as a threat since few Cainites know of this prohibition.

Setting
This scene largely takes place in Lodin's Haven.

Blood Bond ll

Dialogue and Drama

Two nights after events at the theatre, the characters hear
word that Lodin is looking for them. Nosferatu might overhear
some of Lodin's Brood talking, or friends of the characters'
might warn the group. You should stage at least one encounter
in which a character is spotted by, pursued by, or hunted by
Lodin's Brood. If the characters refuse the audience they make
things worse for themselves. The characters' elusiveness is
considered proof of their guilt in events at the theatre. Lodin
declares open season on the characters. Lodin would prefer the
characters intact, but will take them destroyed. The Prince's
men make this eventuality clear if the characters even hint at
struggling.

Be it by choice or force, the characters eventually end up
in Lodin's Haven, awaiting interrogation. The characters are
taken to Lodin's office. Lodin is not present at first. Instead,
Sheriff and his bodyguards from the theatre wait within. They
sitand stand around the office as if waiting on Lodin themselves.
The two groups probably get into a verbal scuffle, and things
could get physical (though Sheriff is wise enough not to initiate
combat in Lodin's Haven).

After a short period in which tempers have become
flared, or shortly after a scuffle breaks out, Lodin and his two
bodyguards enter the room. The Prince's guards pull apart any
combatants, but not without getting in a few blows of their own.

Conversation occurs between the characters and Sheriff,
and between the characters and Lodin. Discussion between the
former parties is loaded with heated accusations as each party
lays blame for the recent break in Tradition. Balthazar is

BEFORE THE PRINCE

determined to ensure that the characters take the blame for not
having stopped the Sabbat:

"Y'all was there an' hardly even hepped me whip them
boyz. I was fightin' five meself a'fore they brought me down.
Shoot, if nI didn' know better,I' dthink y'all was on their side!"

Ideally, he'd like to see the characters destroyed. If, at
any time, the characters accuse Sheriff of lying he becomes
enraged and bursts into a tirade. This assault may turn physical,
but any such disruptions are met with physical punishment by
Lodin's guards.

Lodin is willing to hear both sides of the argument, but
has little patience for interruption. Each Vampire receives one
warning. If that warning is not heeded andacharacter speaks out
of turn again, one of Lodin's guards is motioned toward the
character. He proceeds to strike the character until the victim is
silenced.

Lodin has heard Balthazar's claims of Sabbat involve-
ment, but is skeptical of them. Even if he did put credence in
them, he cannot appear to believe that Sabbat are in town for
political reasons. To admit to Sabbat intrusion in his city would
undermine his power. Accordingly, Lodin dismisses any Sabbat
claim and orders such claims silenced under threat of further
physical punishment.

In an attempt to defend themselves the characters might
also ask Lodin to question Neally, the latter having attended the
theater. This request enrages Lodin:

"How dare you drag the name of an Elder into such petty
affairs! Yours is not the right to question your superiors. You
place is to show respect! You test my patience little children.

12 Blood Bond

Another such outburst will result in your destruction — at my
own hands!"

The characters had better measure their words more
carefully from that point on.

(Note: if any of the characters are Ventrue, they will be
treated with far more respect and Balthazar will be put down a
great deal more. However, the end resultis the same — someone
needs to be blamed, and the characters were in the wrong place
at the wrong time).

If, at any point, the characters try to flee Lodin's Haven,
they come under attack from both Lodin's men and Sheriff's
guards, Such anaction instantly incriminates the characters, and
a Blood Huntis called in retaliation for the characters' "crimes"
at the theatre. Given this option, the characters are probably
safer toughing out the interrogation and accepting whatever
punishment Lodin has in mind.

After hearing all testimony, Lodin declares both parties
— Sheriff and the characters — responsible for the recent break
in Tradition. He cannot show favoritism for he knows Balthazar
is not being entirely honest, and knows that if the characters
alone take the blame, they might become martyrs for Chicago's
Anarchs. So, Lodin has one of his guards bring a chalice from
acabinet. Producing a knife, Lodin opens his wrist and bleeds
into the cup. Balthazar, his guards, and the characters are all
made todrink. Each is forced to tip his head while another guard
holds the victim's jaw open. A character may still avoid
drinking by making a Stamina success of 7+, but it takes two
such successes to avoid drinking without being noticed. Oth-
erwise, one of the guards punches the character in the stomach,
making her swallow unless two more Stamina successes of 7+
are made.

Though they are given only a single Blood Point, this
Blood Point is extremely potent and worth two normal blood
points each. Additionally characters can use these point to
increase one of their disciplines (except Thaumaturgy) by one
level for one full night. They must spend these Blood Points in
full, and may begin to use the discipline they wish to increase.
You may not wantto tell them of this special power, but feel free

BEST SERVED COLD :

to hint about it.

After having drunk Lodin's blood, the characters are one
step closer to becoming Blood Bound to the Prince. In the
unlikely chance the characters are already Blood Bound to
Lodin, the Prince comes up with another suitable punishment. It
is possible the characters could already be Blood Bound to
someone else, so Lodin's blood has no effect on them. If Lodin
knows of this outside Blood Bond, he again devises an alterna-
tive punishment.

Following this Drinking, Lodin warns all present not to
cross him again. Future acts of defiance will be met with a
similar punishment. He tells them that after three crimes the
characters will be Bound to him, forever in his power and
without personal freedom. Characters performing shady activi-
ties in the future will want to keep things mum.

After all drink of Lodin, the Prince commands Balthazar
and his guards to leave. Lodin wants the characters to find this
motorcycle gang they've spoken of. In his words:

"If you want to redeem yourselves you will produce these
people for me. Though I don't believe them Sabbat, for no
Sabbat would dare set foot in Camarilla territory, they shouldbe
punished for their part in this ... affair."

Inreality, Lodin wants proof that Sabbat are in town. He
knows that Balthazar's ways are too brutal to be of any use, so
the Prince wants the characters to draw out the bikers. Whether
the characters actually work to impress Lodin is up to the
players. When the characters do get in touch with the Sabbat,
they are "working" for Neally (see below). Neally's motiva-
tions may be more valuable to the characters than Lodin's favor,
so the characters may never produce the gang for the Prince. Of
course, should they fail to produce for the Prince, the characters
fall further from his graces.

After this latest encounter with Sheriff, the characters have
definitely gained his enmity. Balthazar is furious that he, "a
powerful Elder," should be made to suffer along with mere
Neonates. Accordingly, on their next meeting, Sheriff does
what he can to destroy the characters, either politically or

a

physically.
org

CNAPTER CWO:
BEST SERVED COLD

a

"I've done worst than kill you, Kirk. I've hurt you. And I
wish to go on hurting you..."
Khan, "Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan"
Events in this part of the story should be staged a few
weeks, in game time, after the events in Chapter One. That way
characters do not immediately draw a connection between
Neally's peculiar behavior (see below) and Jefferson's release.

Each scene in this Chapter might even be inserted into stories
you are already telling, initially making events seem unrelated.
But, as characters have repeated run-ins with Neally, they
realize that a plot is unfolding. Truly paranoid characters might
even incorporate these scenes into the other stories you are
telling.

Blood Bond 13


m+ SWEET REVENGE +

After Jefferson is free and gets his bearings in this new
world, he seeks out Neally and takes stock of his enemy's power.
While searching for a means to get his revenge and to rescue
Emily, Jefferson is tracked down by the Sabbat gang, which he
led back in the Sixties. Reunited with his followers, Jefferson
realizes the Sabbat can be used to break Neally's Bond over
Emily, and can be used to destroy Neally himself. Toward that
end, he commands his Retainers to make their presence in
Chicago widely known, giving them free reign to cause may-
hem.

Jefferson's plan first requires a reunion between he and
Emily. Given her promiscuity, that meeting is not difficult to
arrange. Though Emily chose Neally over Jefferson years ago,
she still loves both. Thus, Emily is glad to meet the one man she
felt for but never experienced physically. She also keeps their
relationship a secret.

Jefferson still sees the purity in Emily, despite the cor-
tuption inflicted upon her, so refuses to be intimate with her
(which attracts her to him all the more). To exact his revenge
against Neally, Jefferson only needs Emily to feed upon himself.
That necessity goes against all his values, but Jefferson's crav-
ing for revenge is more demanding. So Emily feeds and
becomes the carrier of Jefferson's Blood. Jefferson further
knows that Neally regularly feeds on Emily, as he has always
done, so that habit is used against him. After Neally feeds on
Emily three times, he unwittingly becomes Blood Bound to
Jefferson.

Once Jefferson achieves the Bond, he commands Neally
to perform several crimes against the Camarilla (note that
Jefferson's power of the Bond derives from his Sabbat back-
ground, so it's slightly different from that described in Vampire
—hecan control Neally from afar). These crimes are witnessed
by the characters in the scenes that follow. As a result of these
actions, Neally breaks several important Traditions. Accord-
ingly, Neally becomes wanted by the Prince and loses his power
in the Camarilla. This is only part of Jefferson's revenge.

After years spent imprisoned in concrete, Jefferson seeks
Neally's utter destruction. After ruining Neally's position in the
Camarilla, Jefferson visits Neally. Jefferson tells his enemy that
he has been Blood Bound, that Jefferson has been behind
Neally's recent actions, and that Neally is Jefferson's to control
forever. After years of feuding, Neally cannot bear the thought
of domination by Jefferson and desperately seeks a way to break
the Bond. However, having watched Jefferson make innumer-
able failed attempts to break his Bond over Emily, Neally knows
of only one way to break the Blood Bond — a secret held by the
Sabbat.

This is where Jefferson's bikers come in. Having heard
rumors of Sabbat activities in Chicago, Neally seeks them out.
Neally knows that joining the Sabbat will mean the loss of all
that he values, but feels that nothing he now owns has value as
long as Jefferson controls him.

The question rises of how to get in touch with the Sabbat
bikers without being harmed — the Sabbat are known to espe-

4

cially dislike Ventrue. That is where the characters come in.
After the events at the theatre, Neally knows that characters have
arelationship of sorts with the bikers and may even believe they
are allied. Neally and the characters also meet several times
throughout this Chapter, so the characters become increasingly
aware of Neally and his personal problems. At some point he
hires the Vampires to arrange for a meeting with the Sabbat —
"paying" them with information and promises. The actual
meeting which the characters arrange, however, is another
Chapter.

Many events of this Chapter are simply things which
occur in the presence of the characters, and are not part of any
ongoing story. You will need to use new storytelling techniques
to get across the unique flow of these vignettes. We suggest that
you simply narrate an introduction for each episode, telling the
players where they are, what they are doing, and why they came
— let them roleplay for a bit, and then interrupt them with the
event described below. Whatever you do, you should not have
the players roleplay out every little thing their characters do over
a period of nights. That would require you to continually
manipulate them to get them to be where you want them to go.
Just become a little bit more ofa Storyteller, and simply put them
where you want them (of course, give each player the right to
object, "Hey dude, No way would I go there!"'), Certainly not
all the characters need to be present for each scene. You could
even arrange it that each character would do one scene each.

Scene Three: Blood Dance

One night the characters are at the Succubus Club, a
popular nightspot for Chicago's Kindred. The lights are dim, the
music loudand the action heavy. Emily is also present, charming
a suitable Kine prospect into becoming her physical companion
for the night. As she is here, any character who has become
interested in her should also be present.

Before long Neally enters the club. Everyone stops what
they're doing, drawn to him. Neally then Dominates a young
woman and feeds from her on the dance floor. This act defies the
Fifth Tradition and is definitely out of character for the Vampire.
Shocked at this surprising breach of the Masquerade, the char-
acters may react according to curiosity's demands.

Setting

The Succubus Club is a three-story nightclub with a large
dance floor and numerous darker areas. If you are not running
this scenario in Chicago, then the night club can be anew one or
one you have used before. It might even be one frequented by
numerous Kindred, but it is preferably one which the characters
enjoy hanging out at (which explains why they happen to be
there).

Dialogue and Drama

Youcan start this scene out as if it was part of the Subplot
with Emily and her Vampiric lover. She invited the character to

14 Blood Bond


one

the club, and brushes off the mortal companion she had picked
up to amuse herself. This angers the man, which may lead to a
confrontation between he and the character. He is not happy
with being ignored by Emily, and after trying to talk to her for
atime, throws a punch at the character the first time there is any
interference. Any ensuing fight better be short-lived, or else the
bouncers close in on the combatants and try to throw them from
the club. If a brawl lasts longer than four rounds, the bouncers
close in. To escape the bouncers in the crowd at any time
requires a successful Stealth roll against the bouncers' Perception
(two) plus Alertness (two, for a total of four — not an especially
tough roll, but they need at least three successes).

Should the bouncers get hold of the combatants, they
hustle the two out the door. A bold and clever character may
flash a Vampiric image to frighten a bouncer off, but do not
forget that it would be a violation of the Masquerade. Any
combatant who is knocked out is dragged away by the bouncers.

Though a character might be thrown out of the club, the
Vampire should still witness Neally's arrival; maybe the char-
acter runs into Neally as the Elder enters the club. It is easy
enough for the character to follow Neally back in as the crowd
becomes transfixed by the latter.

Also present at the club is Jefferson, but he uses Obfus-
cate to hide his identity. Jefferson arrives seconds after Neally
does and watches Neally feed. Characters with an Auspex of at
least one may make a Perception + Acting roll (difficulty of 9).
One or more successes indicates they see the figure and note
something indescribably strange about him. An Intelligence
success of 7+ is needed to recognize the figure as vaguely
familiar, but its identity cannot be determined. When the
characters look next at the figure, he is gone. Jefferson sees to
it that Neally follows his commands, and leaves the club without
detection.

Neally's arrival at the club is marked by a sudden hush
that falls across the crowd, though the music keeps blaring.
Neally's Presence draws every eye and mind toward him. The
Discipline also affects the bouncers, Emily's mortal companion,
and the characters. All are compelled to simply stand and watch.
To break Neally's spell for even a short while costs a Willpower
point. Five points are required to achieve freedom for the entire
scene.

While the clubbers stare, Neally moves through the
crowd as if looking for someone. Emily is immune to Neally's
spell and assumes it is she that her Master hunts — why else
would he be here? She grabs her companion and ducks down.
She explains, "He's looking for me. He's been getting mad at
me for having so much fun (wink)." Emily then strives to drag the
character out the back door of the club. She should only get him
out the door after the character has witnessed Neally's attack on
the dance floor — Jefferson wants him to see Neally's degrada-
tion. After Emily and the character are out the back door, the two
may go off on one of their physical binges. Emily leaves her
partner before dawn and returns to Neally's Haven.

+ BLOOD DANCE =

Cy

In reality, Neally is not of his right mind and looks right
past Emily if they ever come face to face. The characters may
realize something is wrong with Neally on a Perception success
of 6+. The Vampire's eyes burn with a fiery glow, his hair is
dishevelled (another Perception success to recognize his hair is
a toupee), and his finger nails are extended. He is clearly on the
Hunt and intends to feed right here — a clear denial of the
Masquerade which should mystify the characters, considering
that Neally works for Lodin.

Neally's path through the crowd comes to an end on the
dance floor when the Vampire stands directly before a gorgeous
young woman. Neally has her Dominated, and with no warning
lunges forward, plunging his teeth into the woman's throat,
twisting his head about in a most gruesome way. At that moment
the crowd is freed from Neally's Presence and flees the club in
panic. The Feeding is so violent that characters with a Humanity
score of 9 or 10 might be traumatized by it and unable to take any
action foratime. Alternatively, acharacter with alow Humanity
(3 or lower) may be thrown into a blood lust by the scene,
becoming Frenzied. To resist, a Conscience success of 4+ is
needed. If the test fails, the character attacks one of the escaping
crowd and drinks the person dry. As the clubbers are panicked,
none realize what the Frenzied character does, nor do they
intercede.

Blood Bond 15

Py

=.

AAV
iS 55
Z
% :
AS ay
=

16

'
3

STALKING MADNESS +

Characters may move to stop Neally at any time, even
beforehe feeds, if the grop recognizes his predatory state. Or,
any character who is infatuated with Emily might try to best
Neally in combat. Any opposition against Neally is met with
immediate hostility. He dispatches the characters in the most
efficient means available to him (i.e. he hurls them out of his
way) as his desire to feed is stronger than his desire for battle. If
acharacter poses a genuine or persistent threat to Neally, he uses
lethal force.

Characters who keep a level head may try to follow Neally
after his Feast, to discover the motivation behind it. Neally
remains at the empty club long enough to drink his victim dry
(returning his Blood Pool to maximum). Afterward he under-
goes a visible, almost "Jekyll and Hyde" transformation. He
reverts to normal appearance and looks about in confusion as if
having come out of a trance. If characters are within sight of
Neally, he recognizes them as Kindred and commands, "Go home
foolish whelps. It's dangerous to be out after dark." He then
leaves the club. With his Bond-induced Obfuscate Discipline,
Neally becomes "one of the crowd." Keeping track of Neally
requires two Perception + Alertness successes against a Diffi-
culty of 9. To follow him without being seen involves Shadowing
(Vampire, p. 145). The characters must get five successes to
follow Neally all the way back to his Haven (an estate).
Neally walks all the way to his estate, trying to resolve a
problem clearly troubling him. Characters may try to listen in
(Perception + Alertness versus 6) as Neally talks to himself:
"W hat has come over me? I had no need to feed like that. It was
as if the Beast had come to life on its own and took control of my
mind. Maybe this has to do with my slipping control over
Emily."

Neally may realize the characters are following him. If so
he turns and orders any hidden in shadows to show themselves:
"Do not insult my intelligence. I know youare there. I can smell
your Kindred scent. Show yourselves!" If the characters remain
in hiding Neally approaches and locates the characters by their
Auras. Once he recognizes them as Neonates he dismisses their
threat, and warns, "Jf J find you meddling in my affairs again I
will surely destroy you."

Even if the characters do follow Neally to his Haven,
nothing can be learned there to explain his behavior at the club.
This assumes the characters can even get inside the estate.

It is also possible that the characters remain at the club
rather than follow Neally. They might even be trying to bring
one of their number out of Frenzy. The police were called after
Neally fed. Sirens warn of police approach. The characters have
plenty of time to escape, but unless they move the body of
Neally's victim, the police find it. The next day holds reports of
an escaped psychiatric patient who killed a woman ata nightclub
— Lodin's way of patching the worn fabric of the Masquerade.
Of course, Lodin is furious that Neally would so blatantly

Blood Bond

challenge the Traditions of the Camarilla, but as Neally is a
trusted aid, Lodin gives him the benefit of the doubt. . . on this
occasion.

Characters

The only new character introduced in this scene is Emily's
mortal companion. Give him Social and Mental Attributes of 2,
Physical Attributes of 3 (he's a jock) and a Brawl score of 2.

Scene Four: Children in Need

The characters are abroad one night, maybe on the Hunt,
when they find a little girl roaming the streets. The child is an
orphan and has recently been Embraced. She complains of a
scary man haunting the orphanage. Characters will find ita good
idea to investigate and find out who has broken Lodin's rules
against creating new Kindred (probably so they can blackmail
the violator). At the orphanage they find Neally, who has been
compelled by Jefferson to feed upon the children and turn them
into Vampires, thus breaking the Camarilla's Third Tradition.
After hearing Neally's explanation, the characters may deal
with him as they will.

Setting

The majority of this scene occurs at the orphanage,
particularly in the large dormitory room in which a number of
children sleep. The orphanage can be placed anywhere in
Chicago, but we suggest locating it near the warehouse district
on the Southside. Try to capture a real rundown, Little Orphan
Annie feel to the place.

Dialogue and Drama

This scene involves more dialogue than drama; the char-
acters hopefully resolve the confrontation with Neally with
words rather than violence.

The characters are abroad in Chicago one night. The first
person the characters meet is Becky, the little orphan. She's out
on the street for two reasons: 1) The "scary man" frightens her
so much that she cannot bear to remain at the orphanage, and 2)
she feels a desperate hunger that no amount of food seems to
satisfy (she's out looking for more food).

On first sight Becky is heartwarmingly adorable. Char-
acters intending to feed on her must make a Conscience check
and gain an extra die in the roll. If the roll fails, the Vampire may
continue her attack. If the roll succeeds, the character cannot
bring herself to harm the child. If a character moves to attack,
Becky runs, screaming, "You're just like the scary man, Mr.
Edwards!" Characters who get an Intelligence success of 6+
realize "Mr. Edwards" must be Neally. These characters may
halt their Hunt to learn what the child knows.

After only a few words from Becky, the characters realize
she is a Vampire — she has not yet learned to hide her fangs.

CNILDREN IN NEED

This revelation should horrify the characters for Becky's youth-
ful innocence makes her Embrace a terrible crime.

The child explains why she's out at night:

"A scary man is at home. He comes to me every night but
the people at the orphanage won' t believe me. All the kids have
seen him. The doctors say we' re just lying or dreaming. We're
not! The scary man is real!"

Neally has been compelled by Jefferson to begin feeding
on the small children, much to his immense distaste. Becky is
so frightened by Neally that sherefuses to return to the orphanage
unless the characters promise to chase the "scary man" away, or
unless they promise to get her something to eat. Of course, the
only "food" that does Becky any good is blood. Feeding the
innocent child blood causes a character to lose one point of
Willpower, even though the girl needs to Feed to survive.

Having met Becky, the Vampires can go to the orphan-
age, but "the scary man" is absent. Becky has been asleep for
days, adjusting to her new life. She awoke earlier in the evening
and from then until leaving the orphanage has not seen the scary
man again. Neally has been to the facility since, though. When
the characters arrive at the orphanage the children are asleep—
unnaturally asleep. Neally fed on many of them, licked their
wounds, and commanded them back to bed. If they want the
children awake, the characters have to shake the orphans vio-
lently. Once roused, the children are initially frightened by the
characters, but Becky assures them that the group is here to help,
The orphans then break into screams and complaints of "the
scary man's" return. Inspection of the children proves that none
have been tumed into Kindred, Becky is the only one so far, but
it's only a matter of time before the others are Embraced as well.

Ina smaller room off the dormitory are the two orderlies
who keep tabs on the children. If the characters check on the
orderlies, the two menare found to be unnaturally asleep as well.
Neally Dominated them when he arrived. Left alone, the
orderlies sleep all night.

Since Neally is long gone, the characters have to set up
surveillance to catch him on his return the next night. T the
orphanage closes after business hours, but many staff remain to
tend the children after closing. Two orderlies remain on duty at
night. Allow the characters to make any plans they like for the
surveillance, as long as their plans remain within the bounds of
reason.

The next night Neally returns. He leaps to a second story
window (remember his Potence) and slips into the orphanage.
Once inside his Presence is used to draw all the children to him.
To resist Neally's appeal, the characters must spend a point of
Willpower. If they cannot or do not, the characters are drawn
from their hiding places. Becky is among the children drawn to
Neally. If she is held back by the characters she begins to wail,
demanding to be in the presence of her "father". Even though
Becky is deathly afraid of Neally, his Presence draws her to him
against all obstacles.

Blood Bond a7

ELDER IN PIN. + "

As he is controlled by Jefferson, Neally does not notice
the characters' presence until they come out of hiding. If the
group leaps out to surprise "the scary man" they discover Neally
with the children, He is about to feed again and shows shock and
fear when interrupted.

Neally is ashamed of his latest habit, so is willing to
explain himself rather than fight. Forced to defend himself,
Neally does so, but fights in an effort to subdue the characters so
as to explain his actions. If the characters' attack is persistent,
Neally does what he must to immobilize them. As Jefferson has
now released Neally from control (Jefferson is satisfied that
Neally's crimes have been made public), Neally takes the
characters' efforts to heart and forces himself to stop feeding
upon the children.

When the characters catch Neally in the act of feeding on
the orphans, he tries to justify his gruesome appetites:

"It isn't by choice that I do this. I can't seem to control
myself anymore. For some reason the Beast in me has risen; one
of the latest developments (motioning toward the orphans).
Please don' t judge me by whatI do. My actions don' treflect my
true spirit. Though I don't know what has come over me I must
learn to control myself before another destroys me or before I
drive myself mad."

Neally demonstrates genuine remorse for having fed
upon the children. After his first meal, five nights ago, he has
tried to make amends by turning children into Vampires. Though
Neally thinks this decision was his own, it was actually planted
in his mind by Jefferson. Neally has virtually no control over
himself any longer. What the characters saw at the club affirms
this claim.

Characters listening to Neally's explanation may feel
sympathy for him as they understand how difficult it can be to
resist the Beast. Play Neally as pathetically as possible, sniffing
and shedding the occasional blood tear. Neally would rather
resolve any confrontation with the characters in a peaceable
manner, but defends himself if necessary. He's willing to resist
further temptation at the orphanage and is successful in his
efforts (satisfied that Neally has publicly broken another Tradi-
tion, Jefferson relinquishes control over Neally's will. . . for
now).

Atthis point in the story Neally is too proud to accept aid
in his effort to control "the Beast" within him, He's also
ashamed that he is behaving compulsively and wants to save
himself before admitting to weakness. Only when absolutely
desperate does Neally come to the characters for help (see
Chapter Three).

At some point during the characters' interaction with
Neally, at least one character receives a Perception + Alertness
roll (Difficulty 8), made by the Storyteller. If successful, a
character spots a shadowy image standing outside a window, on
one of the dormitory window ledges. If the figure is called
attention to, it disappears before others spot it. Otherwise, the

Blood Bond

figure disappears before Neally getsa look at it. Characters who
getan Intelligence success of 7+ recognize the figure as that seen
at the nightclub.

Characters who seek justice against Neally may report
his recent act of Vampire creation to the Prince. However, Lodin
is not likely to believe accusations made against an Elder by
Neonates. If the characters are foolish enough to present these
accusations to Lodin in person, he pronounces judgement on the
upstarts. They could be thrown out of the Haven or made to
drink from the Prince's blood again. It is up to you, though the
punishment should not be too extreme as the characters have a
fair bit of story to go. If the characters' evidence against Neally
is convincing, or if it is presented on the characters' behalf by a
respected Vampire, Lodin puts credence in the report. He has
Neally put under surveillance, and will take action against his
underling if Neally breaks another Tradition. However, if
Neally is put under watch, Lodin will be aware of Neally's
defection to the Sabbat. This means the characters' involvement
in that defection will be known, and Lodin will put all blame on
them. A Blood Hunt will be called. If the characters want
freedom of action in the future, it might be wise to leave Lodin
out of recent developments.

Ultimately, this scene teaches the characters that Neally,
certain perversions aside, is a decent fellow. With this revela-
tion characters are hopefully more disposed toward him, and
may be more receptive when he does come to them for help.

Characters

The orphans have been haunted by Neally for about a
week. The children have become psychologically scarred from
the Feedings, and the fact that no adults at the facility believe
their story has added to their trauma. When playing the children
cower and speak softly, but become extremely animated when
describing the horror of Neally's visits.

Characters with a background in psychology, teaching,
or social services may try to relieve the children of their anguish.
This goal may be achieved in numerous ways. A charactermight
visit the orphanage after sunset through normal channels, claim-
ing philanthropy "after business hours". The characters might
also visit the children at night, helping them out with their
problems. Truly compassionate characters might even arrange
to adopt Becky and teach her to control her Vampirism (Neally
cannot bear to accept her for fear that his defiance of Tradition
mightberevealed through her). Characters who work tohelp the
children are rewarded with a point of Humanity, but adopting
Becky might get them intoeven more trouble with Lodin—how
dare they Sire without his permission!

Scene Five: On the Hunt

This scene occurs not long after the previous scene. That
way you make sure the characters have nothad time to forgetany
compassion felt for Neally.

—- ON TNE NUNT + +

In order to ruin all Neally's standing in the Chicago
Camarilla, Jefferson commands his Bond victim to destroy
another Vampire —a direct violation of the Sixth Tradition. To
ensure that Lodin hears of this crime, Jefferson commands
Neally to kill a relation or associate of the Prince's, This victim
cannot be too powerful, like an Elder, as Neally might be killed
by the one he hunts. Jefferson wants to destroy Neally himself,
so arranges for Neally to destroy a weaker Vampire. As it turns
out, the intended victim is a favorite of Lodin's, and, hopefully
a friend or associate of the characters' as well. Hunted by
Neally, that friend comes to the characters for help, bringing the
characters into conflict with the Elder yet again. Though they
may not be able to protect their friend forever, the characters do
become more intimate with Neally and his recent self-control
problems. Thatrelationship establishes the grounds for Neally's
call for help in Chapter Three.

For the purposes of this story, Neally's victim is one of
Lodin's newest Neonates, a beautiful young Vampire who
enjoys hanging out at the Succubus club. She says she runs
errands and delivers messages on the Prince's behalf. Some say
her relationship with Lodin is more than just business. If you

Blood Bond 19

oh

= ON THE NUNT + ot

have a more suitable character in your Chronicle, feel free to use
him/her instead. The character need only be known by the
Prince and must not be so integral to the story that he/she cannot
die.

Neally chooses Lorraine as his victim as she is in Lodin's
favor, whereas he is rapidly falling out of favor. Of course, this
rationale only justifies the attack in Neally's mind. Inspiration
for the Hunt really comes solely from Jefferson — it is not
something Neally would even consider on his own.

Setting

This part of the story may be staged wherever is suitable.
If the characters know Lorraine from a specific place, they
encounter her and deal with Neally there. She might also seek
shelter at the characters' Haven. Conceivably, this scene could
be staged on a street or in an alley, where Lorraine runs into the
Vampires,

Dialogue and Drama

Most discussion is oriented toward Lorraine. On the run
from Neally, she tries to communicate her dilemma to the
characters, but being winded, has trouble doing so. Further
dialogue occurs if and when the characters try to interfere with
Neally's Hunt.

Literally running into the characters, Lorraine's wild
eyes express her terror before she can even open her mouth. She
gasps exhaustedly, pleading for the characters' help: "You' ve
gotta... help me... He's been after me all night,..!" Asked who,
Lorraine continues, "One of... Lodin's Brood... I haven't gotten
a good look... but I know it' s one of Lodin' s... | know too much
about Lodin's... operations... You pick up a lot when you run

memos" ... Now he wants me dead!"

When Lorraine's Hunter first appears he should be little
more than a silhouette, disguising his true identity. Characters
must get a Perception success of 7+ to recognize Neally at this
time. Otherwise, he steps into the light after a moment, and the
characters realize why they might not have initially recognized
Neally. He isa maddened Beast: his eyes are bright with hatred,
his hair piece is missing entirely (exposing his premature bald-
ness), his fingers end in pointed talons and his teeth reach to the
bottom of his chin, saliva dripping from them to the ground. It
is not difficult to recognize this demeanor from the nightclub
(Intelligence success of 5+), but this time Neally seems even
further gone.

Neally heads directly for Lorraine, ignoring the charac-
ters. To him, the Vampires do not exist. If she has already been
hidden away or if she has already fled, Neally sniffs the air and
follows in the direction she left. Once again, any character who
intercedes between predator and prey is dispatched in the most
expedient manner possible (i.e. thrown from Neally's sight and

20 Blood Bond

be oe +

therefore mind). Persistent meddlers are dealt more harsh blows
and will be killed if need be, but Neally does not allow his
advance to be slowed by the destruction of a character. If the
characters cannot be daunted, Neally abandons his pursuit for
now and tries to resume it later in the night or at another time.
Neally does not end his Hunt for Lorraine until he has capwred
and sucked her dry. Jefferson will not relinquish control over his
victim until Neally has broken the Sixth Tradition. If this means
maintaining constant control of Neally for days on end, so be it.

When Neally first appears, Lorraine becomes insane with
panic. She immediately bolts through the closest means of
escape. Any character who tries to hold her back is on the
receiving end of a surprisingly powerful blow (she becomes
Strength 5 in her terror). Lorraine has learned the streets fairly
well and flees into their shelter. Characters trying to keep up
with her must wina Pursuit contest (Vampire, p.152). Lorraine
already has five successes to her credit and needs eight to elude
the characters entirely. As Lorraine knows the way through the
streets, her rolls are made against a Difficulty of 5. The
characters' are made against a value of 7 unless a character is
Streetwise, in which his Difficulty is also 5. Should the char-
acters catch up with Lorraine they again find themselves on the
defensive from a few blows. After a second Lorraine realizes
that itis not Neally who she fights and lets her guard down. She
can now be reasoned with and follows whatever orders the
characters give. If the characters lose Lorraine in the pursuit, she
disappears into the city sprawl. Even attempts at tracking fail to
locate her, her path is so erratic.

If the characters are organized enough they may divide
into groups. One can try and waylay Neally while the other
pursues Lorraine, The latter group will have to be quick about
their task — itis unlikely the first group can hold Neally for long.

Whether Neally goes through the characters to get at
Lorraine or is forced to flee from the characters, he manages to
elude any attempts at pursuit — his Auspex makes him aware of
trackers and he ambushes them to ensure his getaway. After
finally disposing of Lorraine, Neally returns to his estate-Haven.
Once there his mind returns to him — Jefferson relinquishes
control to let Neally wonder at his latest atrocity. Jefferson's
next step is to reveal his return and orchestration of Neally's
mania.

Attempts at conversation with Lorraine's stalker do not
clear Neally's mind, but do shed more light on the reasons
behind his Hunt, "Lodin loves her and hates me. I used to be his
favorite. I want her dead!" If the characters guess at a relation-
ship between Neally and Lodin, that is more than fine; do not
rebuke them. Neally also bellows at characters who intercede
themselves between he and Lorraine, "Get out of my way unless
you seek your final grave!"

Neally's confession of personal hatred for Lorraine ab-
solves Lodin of responsibility in this Blood Hunt. In fact, Lodin
does not even know Neally hunts his lover and would do

ON TNE NUNT +

+

anything in his power to protect her. However, Neally has put
himself between Lorraine and her Prince, all she can do is run
away. Neally's confession also suggests the mania he suffers;
he is beyond rational thought. If characters spoke with Neally
back at the nightclub, they recognize his manner of speech from
that occasion.

When characters confront Neally, do not let them forget
any past sympathies they may have felt for him. It is clear that
Neally has lost control of himself again and is not necessarily to
blame for his actions. At first, any sympathy felt for Neally may
force the characters to be gentle with him. However, once it
becomes clear that only force will stop Neally, the characters are
justified in using it (though lethal force may still be unneces-
sary).

Atsome pointin thechase scene between Neally, Lorraine
and the characters, the characters have a chance of spotting
Jefferson again. As in the previous two scenes he appears as a
familiar silhouette, but no identity can be attributed to him. As
usual, if the characters move toward him, or a single character
directs the rest to the figure, Jefferson disappears. Jefferson's
occasional appearances keep his activities immediate in the
characters' lives, even though they do not know he's behind
things. When the characters face Jefferson in Chapter Four they
realize it is he who has been haunting them all along.

The characters may know of a place to hide Lorraine, but
Neally's Hunt is relentless and the Vampires cannot guard
Lorraine forever. What is more, Lorraine is afraid to stay in one.
place for long, regardless of safety assurances. Her life on the
streets consists of constant roving, so she thinks Neally will be
able to track her down if she sits still (and she's right). Thus, at
some point when characters return to Lorraine's shelter, they
find her gone or dead, whichever seems more likely based on the
situation. If Neally has killed Lorraine, the characters find her
in several pieces, her body having been torn limb from limb as
if by a ferocious animal (or maybe even the Sabbat...). If a
character was particularly close to Lorraine, he or she may lose
two Willpower points, may go into Frenzy, or may lose a
Humanity point.

If Lorraine gets away from or abandons the characters,
they get word of her fate the next day. Rumors spread about her
brutal death. It is also said that Neally was seen following her,
but for reasons unknown. As the characters know more about
Neally's Hunt, they may inject truth into the rumor mill or may
approach some authority figure to make the truth of events
known. Only truly foolish characters try and approach Lodin
with this information; the characters are definitely out of favor
with the Prince and you should remind them of this fact.

Over any period of time spent with Lorraine, the charac-
ters learn much from her. The girl is a wealth of information and
could blackmail almost anyone in the Chicago Camarilla. She
is loyal to Lodin, though, so refuses to betray his trust. (Lorraine
is loyal to Lodin, but is also loyal to the characters, her friends,
so refuses to betray them to the Prince, even if that action puts

Blood Bond 21

ok

her in conflict with Lodin's demands.) In return for help against
Neally, Lorraine is willing to reveal some of what she knows.
The exact nature of her revelations are up to the Storyteller. She
could reveal the location of a hated Vampire's Haven, or may
know that an envoy from another city, like Gary, is coming to
Chicago to sign on recruits. Lorraine knows little of Neally's
secrets, but can explain his relationship with Emily (that she's
his Ghoul and sex toy), and knows that Lodin has grown wary
of Neally lately, given Neally's inexplicable behavior. Lorraine
is an excellent tool through which to explain recent events in
Chicago Vampire society. She might even give details on the
Sabbat gang's activities in town.

Shortly after word of Lorraine' s death gets around, Lodin
announcesa Blood Huntagainst his former lieutenant. The bounty
offered in return for his capture — alive — is Neally's own blood
and essence. If Neally is brought in dead, no reward is paid. If
they want, bounty hunters could arrange for another reward,
such as a Royal Pardon from Lodin for crimes committed in the
past. This would be a valuable prize to the characters. The
characters may participate in the Blood Hunt, but their inten-
tions probably change when Neally approaches them in need of
help, and when he is willing to pay much better than Lodin.

Subplot: Romancing Emily

"Woman s fidelity

Turns like the weather

Sways like a feather

Tossed in the breeze"

— Giuseppe Verdi, "Rigoletto"

While the characters have occasional encounters with
Neally in this Chapter, we do not want them to forget about
Emily. We particularly do not want a character who has become
enchanted by her to lose touch. Thus, this encounter allows that
character to maintain a relationship with the Ghoul. It also
allows the character to move closer to Blood Bond with Jefferson.
The character also gains some insight into what goes on behind
recent events.

Out on the street one night, the character attracted to
Emily sees the object of his affection. It quickly becomes
apparent that the woman walks as if in a trance — she passes the
character withouteven acknowledging him. Called after, Emily
snaps out of it and smiles to her friend, but quickly seems to drift
off into dreamland. After a few moments the spell fades and
Emily returns to normal.

Emily has just been with Jefferson, who opened his veins
to her, renewing the potence of his blood within her. Emily
walks in a temporary daze, hypnotized by the ecstasy of her
encounter with Jefferson, even though it was not of the tradi-
tional physical sort.

Having brought Emily around, the character may invite
her to an intimate encounter of his own. Emily complies of

<- ROMANCING EMILY + —~

course, but seems distracted throughout the affair and is not
satisfied with what the character offers. Something clearly
preoccupies Emily, something that has intrigued her much more
than the character's offering, which is made pitiful by compari-
son. Emily does not accuse the character of inadequacy, but on
their next meeting, the character must do some convincing to get
Emily to join ina physical encounter. Obviously, Emily has met
someone else.

The character may follow Emily, but she does not meet
with Jefferson anytime soon. His blood courses through her and
does its task when Neally feeds. Thus, the jealous character never
gets a chance to meet his competitor. For mood's sake, though,
the character may get a hint at who has stolen his woman. When
the character finds Emily wandering in a trance, the shadowy
figure seen at the club and other places may also be seen. A
Perception success of 6+ is needed to spot Jefferson, but his
Obfuscate Discipline hides his identity as usual. Before long the
characters should be desperate to learn the identity of this
mystery man.

Rumors of the Sabbat

While the characters are embroiled in the other events of
this Chapter, and while they have brief encounters with Neally
(and maybe even Emily), the group hears rumors and stories of
the Sabbat gang. The gang is under orders from Jefferson to
make its presence known in Chicago. If Sabbatactivity becomes
general knowledge, Jefferson hopes that Neally will turn to them
to escape the Blood Bond.

These rumors and stories are only samples of what the
characters can hear. Feel free to create more. Some are accurate
and some are exaggerations. The source of the rumor is listed
below, but you may change that source. Of course, different
sources impart different information in different ways.

* The characters read in the newspaper of a break in at the
ruins of the theatre. It seems that on the night following the
"drug battle," looters got in and committed several acts of
vandalism, A photograph of spray-painted graffiti reads, "Sabbat
rules! Listen to the Beast!" Characters who make a Perception
success of 7+ realize that no mention of theft is made in the
article.

In reality the Sabbat returned to the theatre after their
confrontation with Sheriff. They soughtJefferson, but naturally
failed to find him. The gang'sacts of vandalism pose yet another
threat to the Masquerade so Lodin has done what he can to make
the break-in seem more mundane than it really is.

* A Nosferatu acquaintance tells. the characters of a
conversation he overheard:

"I was lookin' for a rat in me Haven when I heard these
loud, gruff voicesfromup ‘bove. There wasa gang standin' near
my grate. I figure they were the Sabbat s' posed to be in town.
One of ‘em— the leader I figure—mentioned goin' back to the
Free State in California when they were done in Chicago.

22 Blood Bond

That's alll heard ‘fore my rat showed his succulent li'le self." :

Itis true that the Sabbat are from the California Free State.
They have come in search of their missing Master, and are not
opposed to recruiting members of the Camarilla to go back west
with them.

¢ A Brujah the characters are familiar with offers an
account of an encounter with the Sabbat bikers:

"We was out patrollin' our turf when they rode in like
thunder itself. Dozens of ‘em were all around before we even
knew what was happenin' . I took on five myself. When the others
of ‘em saw how bad! was whippin' their friends, they all took off.
Bloody cowards. ‘Course, one of ‘em gotina lucky shot before
he took off. Gave me this black eye... and this broken tooth... and
this fractured arm, but we're ready to take ‘em again whenever
they're game!"

It is true that the Sabbat made a raid against his gang, but
their initial intent was to invite the Brujah into the Sabbat. When
the local gang refused a rumble broke out in which the Brujah
were trounced. He is not about to admit that, though.

* Aradio report details a brawl which occurred overnight
in a small bar on the bad side of town. A motorcycle gang is

EMMSSARIES OF DESCRUCTION :«

without provocation. The woman is in hospital, having lost a
life-threatening amount of blood. Three others were hurt in the
brawl. Two died in hospital. The police are investigating, but as
Sgt. Pike of the Chicago Police Department reports, "The gang
is probably too far gone by now to track down. Those types never
Stay long in one place." (He's actually in Lodin's pocket and is
burying the investigation in paperwork.)

* On another occasion, the Nosferatu acquaintance re-
ports having heard Lodin has declared a Blood Hunt against
Neally. This rumor is told before the actual Blood Huntis called,
so is false for its time of telling. It might be humorous to have
the same Nosferatu later report the real Blood Hunt to the
characters. The characters probably disbelieve the Nosferatu,
having been misled by him before.

* Word spreads throughout Vampire society that Lodin
has admitted to Sabbat activity in Chicago — the problem has
gotten so bad that he can no longer hide the fact, and needs the
help of the Kindred to find the intruders. Sheriff and some of his
men went out hunting. They're said to have found the gang, but
were beaten to a pulp. Stories now say that even Sheriff has
grown afraid of the Sabbat! Thus far no one has found the gang's
Haven, but the search goes on.

+. to have instigated the fight when one attacked a waitress
ban mined

CHAPTER THREE:

EMMSSARIES OF DESTRUCTION

-Fs22

"The urge for destruction is also a creative urge!"
— Michael Bakunin, "Die Reaktion in Deutschland"

After compelling Neally to destroy one of the Kindred, an
event which leads toa Blood Hunt, Jefferson presents himself to
his old "friend." Learning that he has been Blood Bound to and
is at the mercy of his most-hated enemy, Neally is desperate to
break the Bond regardless of consequences. As years of expe-
rience have taught him, the Bond is indestructible, save for one
means of escape offered by the Sabbat. Among the Anarchs of
the Camarilla is it known as the "True Path" in sneering
reference to Golconda, which is known as the "One Path." Just
as Jefferson hopes, Neally turns to the Sabbat to break free of the
Bond, even though that means the end of his life as he knows it.

To join the Sabbat, Neally employs the characters as
envoys. After that night at the theater, Neally knows the
characters have established terms with the Sabbat. He further
relies on sympathy in petitioning their aid; the characters un-
derstand the immensity of Neally's recent hardships. Though
the Sabbat are willing to accept Neally, they first want the
characters to join them on a wrecking spree. If the characters
impress the Sabbat, the gang will let Neally's deal proceed.

22+$-

However, that assumes the characters survive the spree.

Before he can get in contact with the characters, Neally
must deal with the immediate threat of the Blood Hunt called
upon him. Lodin can no longer overlook Neally's breaches of
Tradition, and leads the Blood Hunt himself when he finds out
about his precious Lorraine. Neally therefore goes into hiding
and cannot be found. He does not even tell Emily where he is
going. If the characters become involved in the Hunt their
efforts are fruitless, as are everyone elses'.

This Chapter is treated as one unit, but it is actually
composed of anumber of different encountersand events. It will
take at least one evening of play to complete as it is likely your
players will become quite involved in this contest which the
Sabbat forces them into. However, if it does take less time, it
would be easy to go directly to Chapter Four, and thus complete
this story in three nights (as always, our presentation of the story
is only our suggestions on how to use the material — you always
have the right to change things to fit your own Chronicle and
unique style).

Setting
Neally only comes out of hiding to locate and retain the

Blood Bond 23

NEALLYS PLEA +=

services of the characters. To locate the characters, Neally waits
for them in some place where he has encountered them before,
like the Nightclub, their Haven or on a street corner. If the
location is crowded, Neally waits until the characters leave or
are alone before revealing himself.

The setting of the characters' ride with the Sabbat is the
city of Chicago itself. The gang leads the characters all over the
city, demanding specific tasks and feats.

Neally's Plea

Neally understands the danger of approaching the char-
acters — they may turn him in instead of helping him. To ensure
the characters' loyalty Neally is prepared to share highly clas-
sified information, information that he has learned as Lodin's
Lieutenant. You should determine the precise nature of this
information based on your Chronicle. Neally might reveal some
secret Elder plan to eliminate all Anarchs. Or, Neally might
reveal the identity of an Elder who secretly holds one of the
characters in Blood Bond (he doesn't know that one of the
characters might be Bound to Jefferson, though). Regardless of
the exact content of this intelligence, it should be sufficiently
important to the characters that they might overlook the Blood
Huntto getit. Neally is not stupid, either. He baits the characters
with one revelation and promises more upon completion of their
task. To learn more the characters simply need locate the Sabbat
and convince them to accept Neally.

It is also possible that the characters might not be inter-
ested in Neally's offer of information, or they might want more.
Neally holds another secret that he is loathe to admit, but barters

with it if necessary. Only more powerful and influential Elders
know legends of a reclusive Shaman in the mountains of
Colorado. She is rumored to know the ancient ways to free one
of the Beast — she can make a Vampire human again! Neally
does not know the precise location of this woman, nor does
anyone else. Little more than legend of the woman has ever been
passed as those who have gone in search of her have never been
seen again. For more information on this Shaman, see Epilogue.

Furthermore, characters might have their own motiva-
tions for helping Neally. Any character involved with Emily
might help the Elder to get closer to the woman. Again, Neally
is loathe to acquiesce, but grants the character permission to
court or even Blood Bond Emily after Neally is gone. Joining
the Sabbat, Neally realizes that his ties with the Camarilla will
be forever cut, so will lose his power over Emily. Of course, a
character who helps Neally only to win Emily is disappointed by
story's end; Jefferson claims the Ghoul instead.

Locating the Sabbat

There are all kinds of ways for the characters to locate and
deal with the Sabbat. The characters will probably come up with
a means that is appropriate to their personalities and your
Chronicle, so you have to be prepared to improvise when the
characters search for the gang. The most likely means of
locating the Sabbat involves a surveillance of the city, waiting
for the gang to wreak havoc again. Characters might tune into
the police band or they might spy on Sheriff and his men, waiting
for them to go out and deal with the bikers. Learning where the
Sabbat are, the characters have to approach the gang before any

24 Blood Bond

C4

authority figures arrive on the scene. Making Neally's offer, the
characters can lead the gang to a safer place for further negotia-
tions. Or the gang could scoop up the characters on the spot,
taking the Vampires out on their wrecking spree — the charac-
ters' test of loyalty.

It is also possible that the characters might put out word
that they want to meet the gang. Though the Sabbat are
transitory, Jefferson wants Neally, so the gang will hear of the
characters' message. However, Bach is disinterested in meeting
anyone boring. He only arrives at a preordained meeting place
if the characters insult or challenge the power of the Sabbat.

Regardless of the means of the two groups' meeting, the
Sabbat are quick to drag the characters off. They wanta measure
of the characters' resolve and will only deal with the group if the
characters prove themselves to be tough or wild.

The gang is interested in the characters' proposal, but
before they risk their necks and accept Neally, the Sabbat want
the characters to prove that their intentions are genuine:

"How do we know that you're not Camarilla pawns, sent
here to lead us into trap? Your precious Masters have already
learned they can't take us by force. Maybe now they' re wasting
their time with petty mind games...

"Yeah, okay, we'll meet with him. We'll show a puny little
Camarilla Elder how to snarl. But first you've got to prove
yourselves. If you want to deal with the Sabbat you ride with us
first. We don't barter with anyone who' s afraid of the Beast!"

Riding with the Sabbat, the characters are in for the time
of their unlives.

The Spree

Once again, events of the spree are dependent on the
characters' personalities. The spree offers an ideal opportunity
for the characters to perform any wild actions they have always
dreamt of. The Sabbat put each character on the back of a bike
and roar around town at steady speeds exceeding 120 mph
(success on a Stamina + Drive roll, difficulty of 5, in order not
toshow signs of illness) until Bach signals a halt. The gang stops
whenever a particularly promising destination is reached, like a
seedy bar. At each destination one character is ordered to
perform some dangerous or destructive feat. Some ideas are
listed below, in order from minor to extreme:

+ Asmall Vampire might be commanded to start a fight with a
gigantic bouncer at a tough Country & Western bar;

* Go in a church and interrupt the Funeral of a VIP;

« Jump over cars in a traffic jam, ripping the antenna off of each
one;

+ Dominate/Kidnap a Traffic cop, and force him to give tickets
to vehicles parked legally;

+ Stop all the Traffic on one side of a six-lane freeway;

* Steal a Police Car with the siren going full blast, and have arace
with the Sabbat on their cycles;

+ ThE Spree

+
"

+ Set fire to an abandoned building;

+ Flip over a brand new Lexus parked on the side of the road;
+ Hijack acity bus and force the driver to drive it into a park, and
on top of the grass (and over a "stay off the grass" sign);

+ Bust up a drug deal and steal the money and guns of the
participants;

+ Paint graffiti on a mobile Police HQ (operated out of an RV);
+ Climb the Sears Tower and break windows on the way up;

* Rip down some power lines, cutting off electricity to an entire
neighborhood; or

+ Derail a Subway Train by breaking up the tracks (if warning is
not given to theTrain, and death is caused, Humanity may be
lost).

Once the characters become thoroughly embroiled in
their primal, chaotic deeds (indeed, the players may well be
shouting, laughing and constantly coming up with new destruc-
tive acts to attempt), they move closer and closer to loss of self-
control. This change develops gradually and occurs in part by
being in company with the Sabbat — the intensity of their
Bestiality begins rubs off on others. To recognize this transfor-
mation requires a Humanity roll made at a -3 penalty. Those
who succeed realize that they are becoming brutes and may stop
themselves from degenerating further. Those who fail the roll
may loose complete control. A Frenzy check is made with a -3
modifier to resist the Beast.

Blood Bond 25

he

Characters who Frenzy remain in that state as long as
they're in the presence of the Sabbat (and that means all night).
Ifa composed character can lead a Frenzy victim away from the
action, the Frenzied character has a chance to recover. Charac-
ters who do Frenzy may lose Humanity as usual, but only after
they have recovered.

Above all, this scene should be fun for it allows the
characters to cut loose where they are not usually able to. Keep
experimenting with different feats at different locales until all
the players get into causing trouble. If one particular feat
entertains them, let all the characters perform it. Lots of
Attribute and Discipline rolls add to the excitement of this scene,
giving the players a sense of how animated and radical their
characters are behaving. Of course, by performing all these feats
the characters are breaking the Masquerade. Lodin will cer-
tainly be after the characters once word of their acts get out.
However, the reward Neally is offering should easily compen-
sate for all that hassle.

Remember that the Sabbat are impressed not only by
dangerous and daring feats, but also by wild, unpredictable
behavior — the essence of the Sabbat is the Beast. So, if a
character fails to succeed in the action he is commanded to
perform, the Sabbat groan with disappointment. However, the
character can compensate by losing control or doing something
unexpected and totally insane. As arule of thumb, ifcharacters'

+ ThE SPREE +

actions make you laugh, the Sabbat are entertained and im-
pressed.

Any character who is a stick-in-the-mud, or who refuses
to break the Masquerade, also fails to impress the Sabbat. Bach
needs to put his confidence in all the characters if he is to accept
Neally. Thus, Bach refuses to deal with the characters until all
expose their Beast. Characters who have impressed Bach may
talk him into changing his mind with a Manipulation success of
7+. He agrees to continue dealings with the group, but will not
have the "boring" character present when Neally defects. Allin
all, it should not be too difficult for the characters to get on the
gang's good side.

Creating mayhem all over town, thecharacters and Sabbat
are bound to run into mortal police and maybe even Lodin's
goon squad. These opponents should be fun to face, but should
not bring the gang's spree to a halt. Furthermore, the characters
should avoid capture by mortal or Vampiric authorities. The
characters will need their full number when Neally is delivered
to and Initiated into the Sabbat.

The night's festivities do not end until the approach of
sunrise. The Sabbat refuse to lead the characters to their Haven,
The characters are left to return to their own resting places. Itis
unlikely that the characters can pursue the Sabbat — the bikers
kick the characters off their machines and take off. In parting,
Bach does express his respect for the characters: "The Beast is
still alive in you! Good! Meet us tonight at the old Northside
Church, Bring your weak Elder!"

Winning the respect of the Sabbat the characters get a
definite sense of accomplishment. Furthermore, after reveling
in their Beastial side, the characters also feel vital and potent,
despite any moral misgivings for the night's events. Accord-
ingly, the characters each regain 5 points of Willpower, but risk
aHumanity loss if they have done anything especially repulsive.

Characters

There is no end to the variety and number of characters
who can appear in this scene. The Storyteller should improvise
character profiles as needed. It is unlikely that any one person
metin the spree will appear twice. For the profiles of the Sabbat,
see Chapter Four.

Roleplaying Tips

The most consistent characters taking part in this scene
are the Sabbat. They largely remain on their bikes or enter a
place where a character has been commanded to perform. The
Sabbat tend to laugh ata characters' triumphs and defeats. They
jeer when a character fails to meet their expectations, and cheer
when a character exceeds expectations. Above all, the Sabbat
prompt the characters to become more and more Beastial,
encouraging the Vampires to test the depths of their animal side.
If characters become Frenzied, it is not long before the Sabbat
do so as well.

26 Blood Bond

TD a
CNAPCER FOUR:

CHE _INITCIACION
— > a

-Fs22
ea

"Ice will melt, water will boil

You and I can shake off this mortal coil

It's bigger than us

You don't have to worry about it

Ready or not here comes the drop"

— Crowded House, "Jt's Only Natural"

Having won the favor of the Sabbat, the characters
deliver Neally tothe proposed meeting place of the old Northside
Church. The Sabbat await Neally's arrival and have prepared
the church cemetery for their cult's Initiation ceremony. Neally
is going to be indoctrinated into the Sabbat this very night, and
the characters get to (are forced to?) watch.

Further developments include resolution of the mystery
of the shadowy man, Jefferson. He's actually the Leader of the
Sabbat and performs Neally's indoctrination service. He only
exposes himself after attaining revenge against Neally. The
characters are made privy to Jefferson's machinations. They
also realize that Jefferson has won control over Emily. He
intends to leave with her after Neally is broken. Any character
who's fallen in love with her may react according to his heart's
demands.

Setting

The old Northside Church was built decades ago ina rural
region to the northwest of Chicago. It takes about an hour to get
to the church by car. At one time the church serviced a small
rural community. That community suffered economic problems
some time ago, and most folks have since moved on. As aresult,
the church has fallen into disrepair. Its interiors have largely
been gutted, save for its stained glass windows, which are still
intact.

For a while the building was the den of a pack of
Werewolves. Characters who have encountered Lupines before
may recognize the signs of their previous habitation. A Percep-
tion success of 8+ reveals scratch marks on walls, long hairs
brushed into comers, and gnawed bones scattered about.
Characters who do not know the ways of Werewolves may
notice these signs (Perception success of 6+), but do not divine
their full significance.

Bach elected the church as the meeting place between the
Sabbat and the characters since the church has a cemetery in
which to Initiate Neally. The old Northside is also close to the
Sabbat Haven, an old barn located in the surrounding rural
community. For a graphic display of the church, see the church
map on the inside of the back cover.

The church itself could house a congregation of about
100. At the head of the church is the altar. Attached to the side
of the church is the old parson's house. It, like the church, is
rundown and abandoned. On the other side of the church is the

cemetery. There are about two dozen tombstones left standing.
Many more have been destroyed. When the characters arrive the
Sabbat gang stands in the cemetery. A hole has been dug in the
center of the cemetery and is clearly intended for Neally.

The only way to approach the church is by an old road
leading from the Interstate.

Dialogue and Drama

The scene at the cemetery is rife with potential for
conflict, personal terror, wonder, sorrow and heartbreak. When
the characters make their arrival known, Bach warmly greets
them. He steps from the group of gang members standing behind
Neally's grave. At first it seems that Bach is oblivious to
Neally's presence, but it soon becomes clear that Bach holds the
Elder is poor regard:

"My friends, we are glad to see you again (the gang
members all growl in greeting)The day's light was long and the
peck slept uneasily. They missed the scent of their newfound
Brethren (at this the gang members howl and laugh deeply).

"We have prepared the Becoming Ritual for your craven
Camarilla coward. Look upon his fate (pointing at the lone open
grave). The primal earth will bring out his true self, what he was
meant to be: a Beast, like us... like you!

"Last night you ran with the pack and entertained us.
Tonight we return the service. Sit and observe the making of the
true Brood."

Though the characters would expect Neally to respond in
kind to insults hurled at him by Bach, Neally remains docile. In
fact, he is quiet and sluggish throughout the journey from
Chicago to the church. Characters with medical training may
examine Neally. On an Intelligence + Medical (or any other
related skill) success of 7+, the characters realize that Neally is
drugged. Characters without medical training could still come
to this conclusion, but against a Difficulty of 8. Characters with
experience with drugs make the test as characters with medical
skill.

Neally has fed ona heroin addict to make his transition to
the Sabbat easier. What he does not know is that the Sabbat ritual
of Initiation will return him to full consciousness by virtue of its
nature. Buried Initiates become hypersensitive to their sur-
roundings beneath the earth. Those who can endure the mental
anguish of imprisonment in the ground have their Humanity
stripped away. Those of even greater will claw their way back
to the surface. The weak willed go mad and never escape the
earth, trapped forever with their insanity.

Thus, when the grunting and howling part of the Initia-
tion ceremony begins, Neally shows signs of rousing. When he
is eventually lowered into the earth he becomes fully cognizant.
Suddenly terrified, Neally desperately screams for salvation,
"Nooooo! You're destroying me! Help me! HELP! AAAAA!"

Blood Bond 27

on

Immediately after Bach takes Neally from the characters
the other Sabbat begin to howl and growl. Their calls are
initially low tones, but gradually grow in volume and passion.
Characters listening closely (ona Perception success of 6+) hear
a chanting pattern within the howling, as if the Sabbat are
actually speaking another language — the language of the Beast.
Any Vampire who hears this howling must make a Willpower
success of 7+ or break out howling himself. The entranced
character remains so as long as the Sabbat keep howling, unless
brought out of it by another character.

Once the Sabbat howls have reached a wild nature, the
gang parts to reveal the shadowy figure of Jefferson. The
characters immediately recognize the figure as that seen several
times before. Until now he has been completely obscured by the
darkness of his Obfuscate Discipline. Bach still holds Neally
near the open grave. The shadowy figure motions for Neally to
be thrown in. While Neally screams for his freedom, the
remaining Sabbat fill the grave with earth, smothering Neally's
cries. After that all go quiet, intent upon the grave.

In this "intermission" the characters have an opportunity
to act on their own (assuming they have not already taken some
action). The Sabbat, including Jefferson, are completely preoc-
cupied with Neally's grave. Characters may do as they please.

To prematurely see through Jefferson's Obfuscate re-
quires a Perception success of 9+. Though the characters may
learn the shadowy figure's identity from early on, it does them
little good now that the Initiation ceremony is underway.

Once Neally has been turned to the Sabbat, Jefferson
reveals his true appearance to the characters (assuming they
have not yet managed to penetrate his Obfuscate Discipline).
After a long pause in which he lets the characters gasp at his
revelation, Neally goes into a soliloquy that explains his machi-
nations:

"Thank you for your kind assistance my dear comrades. I
trust you remember me—Jefferson Archibald Foster. Youfreed
me from my grim confinement at the theatre. Oh how I hate
opera. You have not seenme muchof late, but! have seena great
deal of you.

"Allow me to explain further so you may understand what
has transpired here. This creature you see before you has been
my enemy for along time. We' ve been competing for Emily for
as long as I care to remember. He beat me in every contest
without fail. He even drove me to the Sabbat to find a way of
freeing Emily of his control. Well now I have done the same to
him, and he has come to us of his own free will. I merely took
command of his senses, with the help of my lovely assistant
(motioning toward Emily), come here my dear, and drove him
out of his mind. It was his choice to seek refuge from me here in
the Sabbat. In that you have helped me, though of your own free
will as well. Neally used you as his pawns. Indeed, by bringing
him here you have committed an extraordinary act of valor. He
had corrupted this sweet child (caressing Emily's face) where I
always sought to protect her. Your deeds have saved a woman

+ CNE INVICACION +

from an eternity of corruption (Emily smiles to the characters in
thanks).

To be sure, Neally came to us of his own free will, so he has
pronounced sentence upon his own evils. I must admit however,
with great satisfaction, that he did not know the full story. He did
not realize that I am the leader of this Pack, and that I have
finally returned! Finally, revenge is mine!"

After having been haunted for so long by Jefferson,
characters undoubtedly have questions for him that put his
defeat of Neally in clearer perspective. Having waited decades
for his revenge, Jefferson is happy to explain all his motives and
plans. He clearly revels in his victory.

If the characters have not interfered with the ritual,
Jefferson offers to Initiate them into the Sabbat as well. The
choice is theirs and they are not forced into the Cult if they
decline the offer. Should the characters remain within the
Camarilla, Jefferson offers them two things for having helped
him in the past.

The first is information:

"You have assisted me so I will assist you in return. I have
learned that one of your number has become Blood Bound to a
powerful Vampire, an Elder who cannot be trusted. I refuse to
name your Master for the Bond is a personal affair. Itis for you
to find the Bond Holder and do with him as you please."

The Master of the Bond is Jefferson himself. He has
learned of one of the characters' relationship with Emily. He
does not identify himself as the Master of the Bond because he
knows the character might try to break it. That could mean
constant harassment from the victim, and Jefferson would prefer
to live without that trouble. He does admit to the Bond as
encouragement for the characters to join the Sabbat. It is the
only recourse from a life of Bondage.

Jefferson also offers the characters a medallion. He
explains that "when you decide that the Camarilla' s oppression
can no longer be endured, you.can summon me through this. I
Shall show you the true nature of the Beast. However, should you
summon me for purposes of your own, 1 shall not be... apprecia-
tive." The medallion is actually magical. The characters need
only add a drop of their blood to it and Jefferson will know of
their wish to join the Sabbat. The medallion offers lots of story
potential. If it is used and the characters are not prepared to join
the Sabbat, Jefferson may help them with some problem they
face (after all, the characters did free him), but he demands some
kind of compensation for time wasted. The Storyteller may
determine the exact nature of this penalty.

Emily is also at the scene of Neally's destruction (she's
been hiding in the church) and leaves with Jefferson and the
gang at the end of the story. The character who loves her may
appeal to Emily to stay, but she cannot:

"I am fond of you, but you are no Jefferson. He is like no
other man I have ever met. He makes me feel like a woman, and
has promised to keep me with him always. Last time I made the

28 Blood Bond

+ TNE INVICACION = :

mistake of going with Neally instead of him, I won't make the
same mistake twice. I must be with him. I'm sorry."

Nothing the amorous character says can change Emily's
mind. She believes that Jefferson will restore her humanity and
desires that above anything else.

If the characters escape the scene of the Initiation, they go
without pursuit. Jefferson is thankful for the characters' help in
his plans so does not persecute them as Camarilla pagans. When
the characters are driving back to the city the Sabbat bikers
appear some distance behind them. The bikers gain on the car
regardless of what the characters do. When Jefferson rides past
on his bike, the characters see Emily on the back. Jefferson
tosses the medallion described above through a window, or
hangs it on the antenna. He shouts: "Use it when you can no
longer bear the Camarilla!" As Jefferson rides off ahead, Bach
rides past the characters. Strapped to the back of his bike is
Neally. The former Elder is wild eyed and manic. The amount
of rope used to tie him down proves that Neally has lost his
Humanity and is one of the Sabbat. The rest of the gang rides past
the car, waves, and disappears into the distance.

The characters might also have second thoughts about
giving Neally to the Sabbat, particularly after they hear Neally's
cries for help. The only way to save Neally is to snatch him from
the scene of the Initiation. The characters have to go through the
entire Sabbat gang to doit. The characters might even get away,
but their efforts to free Neally are useless. Jefferson still has
Neally under Blood Bond. Jefferson would rather Neally join
the Sabbat by his own choice, but Jefferson will command
Neally to return and resume the indoctrination. This alternative
of command is not as satisfying and the first, but still wins
Jefferson his revenge. Thus, when the characters are on the run
with Neally, Neally suddenly stops and runs back to the church.
To stop him thecharacters have to immobilize him. Neally fights
to get back to the Sabbat, though, and it isn't long before the
bikers arrive to reclaim him from the group.

Though the characters may interrupt the ceremony by
trying to rescue Neally, Jefferson isn't angered. He lets the
characters escape, indebted to them for his own rescue. He does,
however, throw the medallion after them, calling; "Yourunfrom
us now friends, but one day you will run to the freedom of the \s
Beast. Use this then to find me." The medallion should land near \ RRNA os |
one of the fleeing characters, who may pick it up. ; a 4, % BRO: 4

If they want to see the Initiation ritual through, the \ SW 2 ; ERESS
characters may continue to watch. As the Sabbat stare at the
grave, its surface begins to tremble. A fist then breaks through.
The hand is black with soil and has nails extended to an unnatural
length. The hand is followed by the writhing, contorted form of
Neally. The Vampire has survived the Initiation and has lost all
his Humanity. He is now of the Sabbat. Characters watching
Neally emerge must make a Humanity test. Those that fail their
roll lose a point of Humanity, permanently! The scene is not
meant for the eyes of those who try to deny their Beast. The

sh
AY
4 OTN
: Agee Vets
Mi
EES ae
1 ESS SHE

GES

Blood Bond 29

x. x.

ss — Ss

Sabbat, on the other hand, leap about, whooping and hollering
at Neally's rise.

His revenge complete, Jefferson shows his true identity.
He simultaneously calls toward the church. A figure appears
from alow window. Characters making a Perception success of
7+ recognize the figure as Emily. The character who loves her
may recognize her with a success of 5+. As Neally had
abandoned Emily when the Blood Hunt was called against him,
Jefferson invited her to join him at his Haven (the Sabbat barn).
During Neally's Initiation Emily remains under Jefferson's
orders to remain within the church. Once Neally is converted
and his hold over Emily broken, Jefferson calls her out. Emily
is overjoyed with the sight of Neally wild and cringing on the
ground. She then embraces Jefferson as her new Master.

The character who is in love with Emily might try and
escape with her, but Jefferson does not allow that to happen. He
has his Retainers hunt the character down. The character's only
chance of escape is to out run the bikers. That is difficult,
though, as Emily fights the character. She is not Blood Bound
to Jefferson, but would prefer to stay with him than the character.
If the character truly loves Emily he may concede to her
requests, not wanting to hurt her. Jefferson understands how a
man can be so obsessed with Emily. He therefore does not have
the character killed, but warns him against coming between him
and Emily again, "I will let you live now for I owe youa service.
But, should you court Emily again I will leave you staked in the
earth, never to see the night again." Jefferson's intentions for
Emily are completely honorable. He wants to preserve her
beauty and, if possible, restore her humanity. Jefferson will
admit to these intentions if it makes the lovesick character feel
any better about losing Emily.

Since Emily's lover is actually Blood Bound to Jefferson,
the Sabbat could command the character to stay away from
Emily. Jefferson, better than anyone, has learned to understand
the anguish a Blood Bond can cause over time. He would prefer
to leave the character his own will than to force actions upon the
poor fellow.

Once the characters have witnessed Neally's Initiation
and have learned the truth of events behind it, Jefferson and the
Sabbat prepare to leave. The gang's bikes are parked on the far
side of the church. One biker relinquishes his bike to Jefferson
and rides on the back of another. Jefferson removes his anti-
quated jacket and puts on a black leather one. Emily rides behind
Jefferson. If it has not yet been offered, this is the point at which
Jefferson gives the characters the medallion.

Since the characters see the Initiation through to its end,
they leam that Neally was actually the greater of two evils in this
old feud. The characters may therefore take heart for having
done some good in arranging his defeat, even though they
intended to help him. Thus, by story's end, the characters regain
5 points of Willpower. If one of the characters loved Emily and
has since lost her, he gains no Willpower for defeating Neally.

EPILOGUE + nt

By the end of this story the characters reach a status quo.
They have not been overtly harmed by anyone, nor have they
been directly manipulated. This is a rather encouraging ending!
If you want the story to take a darker twist, the Sabbat could
intend to Initiate the characters along with Neally. Having seen
Jefferson, the characters know he is alive, and, having run with
the motorcycle gang, the characters are deemed too familiar
with Sabbat ways to be let free. You therefore might add a few
open graves that have been dug toward the back of the cemetery.
The characters might even be willing to join the Sabbat, but it is
more likely that they will fight for their right to choose. The only
way for the characters to be pardoned is to appeal for mercy from
Jefferson, reminding him of the invaluable service done him
back at the theatre. A Manipulation + Subterfuge roll is
required. If it is 6+, Jefferson lets the characters go, regardless
of the consequences, but he makes it clear that he no longer owes
any favors.

If the characters are angered by having been made pawns,
they may destroy Neally after he climbs from the ground. His
revenge cut short, Jefferson is enraged and is sure to force the
characters into graves. To get revenge on them, he makes them
Sabbat, and his subjects.

Epilogue

The characters may have sacrificed Neally to the Sabbat
and lived to tell of it, but now they are in more trouble with
Lodin. Word gets to him of the Vampires' little jaunt with the
Sabbat. He's furious that they would break the Masquerade
again. Lodin is also concerned by the disappearance of Neally.
If he has any inkling that the characters were involved in
Neally's defection, the Prince gives them no quarter. Thus, a
couple days after the Sabbat ritual, Lodin's Retainers hunt the
characters down and bring them to the Prince's Haven once
again.

As punishment for the characters' breach of the Masquer-
ade, they are made to drink of Lodin's blood once again, unless
this would make them Blood Bound to the Prince. In this case,
he will probably call a Blood Hunt against them. If the
characters are tied to Neally's disappearance, Lodin definitely
calls a Blood Hunt against them. He lets them leave his Haven
alive, and if they can survive the Hunt, the characters are deemed
innocent.

However, the characters can bargain their way out of
punishment. The characters may claim to have witnessed a
Sabbat Initiation, so know some secrets toward controlling the
Blood Bond. (Note that the characters don't know all the
Sabbat's secrets, so cannot break Blood Bonds on their own.)
This information is important to Lodin, who would love to be
allowed to Blood Bound at least some of Chicago's Kindred.
Thus, he listens to the characters' information, hoping to be
better able to convince Chicago's Primogen that he should be
allowed to make such Bonds (after all, if they can be broken they
are not so powerful). In return for this information Lodin is

30 Blood Bond

willing to let the characters go. Naturally, the Prince does not
explain why he wants the characters' information. When they
are released, the characters should be sufficiently mystified, and
maybe a little frightened. There is no telling what Lodin might
have up his sleeve, and no telling how it might involve the
characters.

The characters can also avoid punishment by utilizing
information Lorraine or Neally has revealed. If the Prince can
be blackmailed with some dark secret, he pardons the characters.
He will not tolerate continued manipulation though, so if the
characters try to blackmail him again he will have them de-
stroyed, regardless of the consequences.

This story must come to an end, but its legacy lives on.
There are a few stories that may spin off from Blood Bond:

CNARACTCERS +

« The character in love with Emily might pursuc her. That
means coming in direct conflict Jefferson and his Sabbat gang.
The character's pursuit leads him to the California Free State
where neither Camarilla nor Sabbat hold power. Even if the
character does not pursue his love, Emily and Jefferson could
turn up in Chicago again. Jefferson definitely turns up if the
characters use the medallion.

¢ If Neally told the rumors of a shaman, the characters
might travel to Colorado to restore their humanity. You can
make of her legend as you please. The Shaman could be a hoax,
a sham, or genuine. If genuine, her existence in Werewolf
infested country has to be explained. Maybe she is a Werewolf
herself, but is willing to free the Vampires of their curse. The
process might mean actual consumption of the characters,
resulting in the consumption of the Beast within.

-t=22 =

tne Saad

Character DESCRIPTIONS

fee

> Sod

JEFFERSON FOSTER

Apparent Age: 30 (Born: 1866)
The Embrace: 1897

Generation: Ninth

Clan: Sabbat (previously Ventrue)

Description: A product of late 19th Century American high-culture, Jefferson still belongs to that age of dress and
manner. He wears the fineries of an aristocrat and speaks with a slightly affected air. His hair is neatly trimmed but is
not in style by modern standards; he has long sideburns, a pony tail and mustache.

Though Jefferson is usually composed and charming, he is quick to anger and reveals his Beastial side with little

provocation — a result of being Sabbat.
Demeanor: Director
Nature: Architect

Notes: After getting his revenge against Neally, Jefferson intends to take Emily to California. There he plans to set
up his own Princedom, but one in which Vampires are free to control their own fates — none will be forced to join the
Sabbat and none may follow any dictates other than those which maintain the peace.

Roleplaying Tips: Stare directly at people you address and make them know that you are in charge, regardless of who
holds official power. Pace about when explaining your machinations, pausing to allow others to gasp at your
brilliance. Though you are potent and know it, you still acknowledge the achievements of others, and are friendly

with those who help you.

NEALLY EDWARDS (Blood Bound)
Description: While Neally is under the direct mental control of Jefferson he gains Attributes and Disciplines he does
not usually have. These added powers derive from Jefferson's blood, which courses through Neally veins. When
controlled by Jefferson, he has the following additional Disciplines: Celerity 2, Potence 3, Presence 3 and Obfuscate

4. While controlled his Humanity also drops to 2.

When under Jefferson's control, Neally's Beast clearly manifests itself. His eyes are wild, his hair disheveled, his

fingernails long and his fangs gleaming.

Roleplaying Tips: When under Jefferson's control snarl a lot and growl out your words. Your chest heaves up and
down as adrenaline courses through your body. You can never stand in one spot for long and you lash out at minor

annoyances, like insects.

Blood Bond 31

CHARACTERS —

q
i

EMILY CARTER
Apparent Age: 24
Description: Emily is a shapely, alluring beauty. Her long black hair cascades over her shoulders and around her
tender throat. Her ruby red lips command the attention of any man and her deep brown eyes could swallow him
whole.
Demeanor: Conformist
Nature: Bon Vivant
Notes: Emily did not want to be a Ghoul. The trauma of her change, as well as the trauma of Neally's abuses
eventually caused a perversion of Emily's once-sweet naivete. She now lusts after sexual encounters and cannot
control her desires. Though she enjoys physical encounters, Emily does feel guilt for them and longs to be innocent
and human again. Jefferson promises to fulfill that hope.
Roleplaying Tips: Press close to any characters you meet. Catch their eyes with a demure look and lick your lips in a
sensual way. You are available for an affair and advertise that fact.

BECKY
Apparent Age: 7
The Embrace: A couple days ago
Generation: Ninth
Clan: Ventrue
Description: Becky is a small black girl of endearing charm and innocence. When the characters first meet her she
wears pyjamas and clutches desperately to her teddy bear, Miss Missy (which has only one eye). Though her eyes are
wide and sweet, her face round and soft and her voice gentle, Becky is Kindred and can't help but bear teeth and
become Beastial when frightened or angered.
Demeanor: Child
Nature: Child
Notes: Recently Embraced, Becky has yet to come to terms with her new "life". Once she has, though, she could
return to the characters as either friend or enemy, depending on how nasty the Stroyteller is. She may be thankful for
the characters' help in saving her from Neally, or she may hate the group, angered at all who were involved in her
change.

BACH
Apparent Age: 27 (Bom: 1931)
The Embrace: 1958
Generation: Tenth
Description: Bach is a powerfully built, sports black leathers and wears a leather "pilot" cap on his head. His hair is
medium length and he's clean shaven. A long scar runs down Bach's right cheek and ends at his mouth which is
twisted into a perpetual surly grimace.
Demeanor: Rebel
Nature: Visionary
Notes: Bach is the acting leader of the Sabbat gang. He was embraced years ago when he was a art teacher. His Sire
was Sabbat and showed him the freedoms of the Beast. With his newfound power Bach, as his Sire nicknamed him,
quickly gained authority among his kind. His greatest ideal is to show others the freedom of mind to be found in the
Beast.
A Sabbat by nature, Bach is quick to become Frenzied. Even the sight of a fight is enough to rouse his animal spirit.
Roleplaying Tips: Bach is an impassioned speaker who shouts to command attention and thrusts his fists in the air to
make his point. Laugh at anything violent you see or take part in. Solid blows made against you only heighten your
appreciation for the Beast — you thank your opponent for hitting you and return the favor.

THE SABBAT GANG

The gang consists of seven wild Kindred who revel in any form of violence and danger. They are completely
unpredictable. They might talk quietly with a character one moment and in the next try and jam his head is a bike's
spokes. Though the characters might be accepted by the Sabbat, the characters should constantly fear for their lives
while in the gang's presence. In portraying the bikers, think of the wasteland marauders of the first two Mad Max
films.

32 Blood Bond

————

CNARACTER STACISTICS

— os

Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Survival 3

Background: Retainers 5

JEFFERSON FOstTER
Physical: Strength 3 Dexterity 3 Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4 Manipulation 4 Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3 Intelligence 3 Wits 5
Virtues: Conscience: 2 Self-Control 1 Courage 4
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 3,
Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Intimidation 4, Leadership 5,

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive Motorcycle 4, Etiquette 4,
Firearms 3, Melee 4, Music 4, Security 2, Stealth 4,

Knowledge: Occult (Vampires) 4
Disciplines: Potence 4, Obfuscate 4, Presence 4, Dominate
3, Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Animalism 2.

Humanity 4, Willpower 9, Blood Pool 10

EMILY CARTER
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 2, Empathy 3, Subterfuga
4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Stealth 2

Knowledge: Bureaucracy 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Presence 2, Celerity 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 3, Influence 1
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 0, Courage 3
Humanity 6 Willpower 5 Blood Pool 10

BACH
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Streetwise 3
Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Drive 5, Firearms 3, Melee 4,
Music 4, Repair 3, Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledge: Occult 2, Politics 2
Disciplines: Potence 3,. Fortitude 3, Celerity 3,
Auspex 2, Animalism 1
Backgrounds: Mentor 3
Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 1, Courage 3
Humanity 3 Willpower 8 Blood Pool 10

BECKY
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1
Social: Charisma 3,. Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2,
Leadership 2, Streetwise 1
Skills: Stealth 3, Survival 2
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 1, Presence 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 5
Humanity 10 Willpower 4 Blood Pool 2

ThE SABBAT GANG
For ease of play, one profile is used for all the bikers:
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 2.
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Drive 4, Firearms 3, Melee 3,
Repair 2, Stealth 4, Survival 2
Disciplines: Potence 2, Celerity 2, Fortitude 2
Backgrounds: Mentor 3
Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 0, Courage 2
Humanity 2 Willpower 7 Blood Pool 10

Permssion is granted to photocopy this page for personal use only.

———— ——

———+2+}-


The Tie that Binds
Is the Tie that Kills

Some mortals say love is the most powerful emotion |
The Kindred know better

Far more powerful than love is the force of blood. If
When drunk from another Vampire three times
It creates an obsession none can resist.

Now the characters learn just how strong the blood bond can
be and at the same time deal with the Prince of Chicago, strange

* 2
(
new Kindred and the dread Sabbat. But the question persists — \ I
who among them is blood bound? E

Vampire™ The Masquerade™ j
The romance and horror of Vampire rise with full fury in this
Chicago-based story supplement. Characters deal with political j

intrigue, mysterious strangers and the full power of the Blood
Bond, all the while learning more about the living death which is
both their immortal blessing and their undying curse.

¥ WHITE WOLF ,

ISBN 1-56506-002-3 A Renaissance in Games
WW 2103 $8.00

99379°02103
