# File: Blood & Silk.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

\ . ¥ nS
VS Sv SOU Soy

|
Be


By Bruce Bauch, Grorrrey C. Grasowsk;, Ewen P. Kiey anp james Kiiey

Authors: Bake Baugh (Te
"Disciplinen Tales of Silk, Barbari |Shen), Geoffrey
C. Grabowski (Many Roads Back, Ways, leaven),
Ellen P. Kiley (Xiong Ren, Hsien, on Cities of the Dead),
James Kiley (Hungry Dead of the Middle Kingdom)

__ Additional Material: Philippe R. Boulle

» Second Breath,

whole Blood & Silk team dedicates the fruit of
their labo » Richard E. Dansky.
Bruce thanks Dr. Suzanne Barnett, who bears

so much responsibility for hooking his interest in China.
James Kiley thanks Bill "Hobbes" Fisher for being

~ such a.useful Japanophile, "Mighty" Bob Fetterolf for his

Bioop & Sjix

» Developers: Philippe R. Boule and Richard E. Dansky
"Editor: Jolin Chambers a

Art Director: Richard Thomas
"Layout & Typesetting: Brian Gl Glass
= Anterior Art: Mike Danza, Paces Uambert) Brian
LeBlane,Drew Tucker and Melissa Uran™
Front Cover Art: Jamie Tolagson
Front & Back Cover mesiin Brian Glass and
Tor Johnson a 5

copious archaeological library and Ed "dirque" Huang for
his copious Chinese mythology library.

»-© 2000 White Wolf PublishingyIncaAlll rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be

reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
~ Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning,
~ Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the eres Crusade, Wraith the ‘Great War, Trinity, World of Darkness Blood
4 and: Silk, Dark Kingdom of Jade, Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures, Doomslayers Into the Labyrinth; Guide to the
Camarilla, Hengeyokai Shapechange#Sof the East, Kindred of the East, Kindred of the East Companion, Land of
‘Eight Million Dreams, Mage Storytellers Companion, The Sorcerers Crusade Companion, The Thousand Hells,
Transylvania Chronicles, Tribebook Stargazers, Umbra The Velvet Shadow, Vampire Storytellers Companion,
Players Guide, Vampire ' Storytellers Handbook., Werewolf the Datk Ages, World of Darkness Combat
~ and forld of Darkness Demon Hunter X are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
, acters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
© The mention of or reference to any company or product i in these Pagesiis not a challenge to the trademark or
spopyriehts concerned.
This book uses the supérnatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and Supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.
For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.
Check out White Wolf online at

http://www. white-wolf.com; alt.games. whitewolf and ree/games. Geaaiieryteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

Cree


LONTENTS

JNTRODUCTJON 4
Cuaprer One: Hungry Deap or THE Mjpp"e Kingpom (Wor) 10
Cuapter TWo: Many Roans Back (Drarnas) 48s
Craprer Turee: Taxing THE Seconp Breat# (CHaracters) 62
Cuapter Four: Ways Unper Heaven (Trajts anp Systems) 82
Cuapter Five: Tass or Sjix (Storytejng) 126
CuapTer Sjx: Barsarjans AND SHEN (Crossovers) 134

Appennjx: Cijes oF THE Dean (Locatjons) 160


Jurnopuction

INFRODULTION

This night of no moon
There is no way to meet him.

T rise in longing —

My breast pounds, a leaping flame,
My heart is consumed in fire.
— Ono no Komachi, Kokinshu

WeLcome To THE
Fourth Ace

As Christians would reckon it, the year is 1197,
European kings wage their wars and embark on their
crusades utterly unaware that civilizations older and greater
than their own rule the day — and the night — in distant
lands. Far to the East lies the Middle Kingdom, or China
and the many cultures that surround it. For millennia, this
area has been a center of culture and empire, its influence
spreading far and wide.

However, it is now a time of change and chaos. Great
China stands reduced in the form of the Southern Song
dynasty, which rulés but half of the empire's traditional
lands. Nihon (what we would call Japan) is just emerging
from a bloody civil war whose wounds have yet to heal.
And in the north, the Mongol horde is but a few decades
from riding forth and lashing out at the near totality of the
known world.

For mortal men and women of the Middle Kingdom,
these troubled times are but another shift in fortunes and
dynasty — troubling perhaps, but not unprecedented. For
the shen — the vampires, shapechangers and spirits who

inhabit the Asian night — these troubled times herald the
turning of the Age, the end of their era and the beginning
of another, more terrible time.

Tue Huncry Deap

Millennia ago, in the legendary Third Age, the
August Personage of Jade elevated men and women to
divinity. These Ten Thousand Immortals — or Wan
Xian — were warrior-poets and philosopher-kings,
battling demons and creating a golden age. But the
Wan Xian became greedy and fell from grace, feeding
from their mortal charges in order to gain ever more
power. At the end of the Third Age, the August
Personage cursed the Wan Xian for all time, shattered
their legendary home on Mount Meru and turned his
back on them.

Now, they are the Ten Thousand Demons, the
Wan Kuei. Mortals who have earned a sojourn in Hell,
but who are strong enough to escape it, return to their
bodies as Wan Kuei. They live by night, feeding on the
blood and breath of humans. In theory, they seek
enlightenment and redemption but, all too often, play.
power games and indulge in corrupt practices, just like
their predecessors.

The Wan Kuei are perhaps the predominant force
among the shen, but they are hardly alone. Far from the
urban homes of these vampires, the shapechanging Xiong
Ren — the Ferocious People — rule. Betrayed by the
Wan Xian in ages past, they do not trust the demons and
blame them for the turning of the Age. The hsien,
descendants of the August Personage's agents aban-
doned on Earth, also hold a mighty grudge. Magi —
known as chi'n ta — and ghosts also move about the
Middle Kingdom.

And deep in the shadows lurk the Yama Kings, who
rule the Thousand Hells, and their agents. Many are those
willing to sell their souls to the masters of Hell, including
the Kumo Goblin Spiders, the depraved Kura Sau of the
hsien and the hidden akuma of the Wan Kuei.

Tue Turning Ace

The Fourth Age — known as the Age of Beautiful
Sadness — has been one of melancholy and growth. As
human society burgeoned around them, the Hungry Dead
developed their courts and Dharmas, finding glimmers of
hope. Now the Great Wheel ispreparing to turn again and
bring the Age of Darkness to bear. Waves of fearand worry
flow through the night courts. What will the new Age
bring? Who will come out on top?

It is.a time of change and anxiety, when the young
grab what they can and the old hold on to what they have.

Away from the eyes of man, the night is covered in silk...
and bathed in blood.

How To Use Tijs Boor.

World of Darkness: Blood & Silk opens up the end of
the Fourth Age and the medieval Asian night as a setting
for your chronicles. It provides you with the tools necessary
to tell stories in this faraway time, including historical and
geographical information, many new and adapted game
systems, character creation tips and much more.

Principally, Blood & Silk is a historical supple-
ment for Kindred of the East. It focuses on the Wan
Kuei — Asian vampires — and their activities and
assumes they will be the characters players portray.
Although Blood & Silk can be read alone, where
material is unchanged from Kindred of the East we
haye not repeated it (there are only so many pages in
the book!). So to get the full Disciplines, Traits and
game mechanics of the Wan Kuei you will need a copy
of Kindred of the East. As with that book, you will also
need a copy of the core Storyteller game mechanics,
preferably (but not necessarily) Vampire: The Mas-
querade or Vampire: The Dark Ages.

Although the Wan Kuei are the "stars," Blood &
Silk appears under the "World of Darkness" banner and
contains material for other games. Chapter Six deals
explicitly with using Blood & Silk with other World of

Broop & Six

Some Of the dates that appear in Blood &
Silk are given as "the XXth year of the Foo
dynasty," which becomes rather cumbersome for
the Western reader. However, it is equally im-
plausible for the Wan Kuei narrators of the his-
torical sections;to"give dates in years CE and
BCE. Therefore, consider the following table of
dates:
Date
c. 2200 BCE
*c. 1750. BCE

1122 BCE

Event

Xia Kingdom begins

Shang dynasty begins

Zhou dynasty begins

Qin dynasty begins

Han dynasty begins

Three Kingdoms era begins

Jin dynasty begins

North and South dynasties begin

Sui dynasty begins

Tang dynasty begins

Five Dynasties and Ten
Kingdoms era begins

Song dynasty begins

Southern Song dynasty begins

The present day

221 BCEe
206 BCE

9220 CE
9265 CE
f*317CE

581 CE
© 618 CE

907 CE

960 CE
1127 CE
1197 CE

Darkness games and goes into the status of the various
shen of the Fourth Age, including Asian changing breeds,
mages and changelings. Both Chapter One (the setting)
and Chapter Four (the systems) are also useful for non-
vampiric chronicles.

Wuar Bioop & Sjix js Nor

Most importantly, Blood & Silk is not an academic
text on medieval Asia. Although we have done our very
best to make things as accurate as possible, this is a work
of fiction about vampires and other monsters. With lim-
ited space, we also could cover only so much of the Asian
night. Those who want or need more information on the
realities of the time should look to the recommended
reading list.

Blood & Silk is also not a standalone product that
provides the final word on the Asian World of Darkness at
this time. Blood & Silk deals almost exclusively with
ChinaandJapanat the end of the Fourth Age. Korea, India,
Tibet and Southeast Asia all get passing references (some
longer than others), but space limitations meant we had to
concentrate on the core of the Middle Kingdom.

Chapter BY CHaPpreR
Chapter One: Hungry Dead of the Middle Kingdom

is the meat of the book from a source material standpoint.
Through a'series of documents written by Wan Kuei and

JurRopuction

——
others, this chapter explores the world of the late Fourth
Age. The basics of the Wan Kuei, the mortal history of the
Middle Kingdom, the various courts of the Hungry Dead
and the lands of spirit are all part of this chapter.

Chapter Two: Many Roads Back explores the
beliefs of the Hungry Dead at the time of Blood & Silk.
Each of the five Dharmas defined by Grand Arhat Xue
gets a new treatment for the period. The chapter also
examines the Fivéfold Way and the role of heresy at
this time.

Chapter Three: Taking the Second Breath takes
you through the process of character creation in the late
Fourth Age. Of course, many of the basics are the same as
in Kindred of the East, and those sections are only briefly
summarized. There are differences in the dead of this Age,
however, and they get the most attention.

Chapter Four: Ways Under Heaven is a grab bag of
Traits and game systems useful for the Fourth Age. These
include (among other things) new Abilities and P'o
Natures, a new set of Disciplines and new guidelines for
spirit travel. This chapter also includes a wide variety of
systems useful for representing mundane and supernatural
situations typical of the period. New weapons and combat
systems also,appear here.

Chapter Five: Tales of Silk builds on the storytelling
material in Kindred of the East and provides you with
ways to evoke the atmosphere and themes of a faraway
time and place.

7

Chapter Six: Barbarians and Shen explores the
other inhabitants of the Middle Kingdom and the World
of Darkness in general. Xiong Ren shapechangers, Asian
ghosts and mysterious hsien all get coverage. These sec-
tions serve booth as tools for those running chronicles
featuring Wan Kuei and as historical appendices to other
modern Asian supplements like Hengeyokai, Land of
Eight Million Dreams and Dark Kingdom of Jade. This
chapter also provides guidelines for bringing Western
characters (and, through them, Vampire: The Dark
Ages and Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade chronicles) into
the Middle Kingdom of the late Fourth Age.

Appendix: Cities of the Dead provides details on a
series of cities scattered throughout the Middle Kingdom.
Each canserve as the centerofachronicle oraplace worth
visiting during its course.

LEXjcon

The following brief lexicon includes terms used
throughout Blood & Silk and provides a quick reference.
You can also consult the much larger lexicon in Kindred.
of the East, most of which is equally appropriate to Blood
& Silk.

Age of Beautiful Sadness: The Fourth Age in the
Great Cycle, and the one coming to an end at the time of
Blood & Silk.

Age of Darkness: The Fifth Age of the Great Cycle,
and the one on the horizon at the time of Blood & Silk.


akuma: A Wan Kuei who has entered the service of
the Yama Kings, a crime punishable by utter destruction.
Accusing someone of being akuma is a deadly serious
charge in the Fourth Age and rarely done for solely
political reasons.

ancestor: Either a highly enlightened Wan Kuei or
one who leads a court.

arhat: A vampire who has completely mastered her
Dharma. Each Dharma theoretically has a single arhat,
the most enlightened practitioner who has not ascended
to The Hundred Clouds.

bodhisattva: A supremely enlightened vampire, one
step below the arhat.

chi'n ta: "Lightning Person," a mage. The more
correct transliteration is shinta,

chih-mei: The cannibalistic and savage stage all Wan
Kuei go through upon rising from their graves.

Dharma: One of the philosophies that allow Wan
Kuei to rise above their savage state and find enlighten-
ment.

disciple: A young Wan Kuei, just embarked upon
her Dharma.

gaki: The Japanese term for Wan Kuei.

hin: A vampire who has been brought out from the
cannibalistic state of the chih-mei but who has yet to choose
a Dharma.

hsien: One of the surviving members of the celestial
bureaucracy trapped on Earth since the end of the Third
Age; they survive by inhabiting mortal bodies. The closest
thing to an Asian equivalent of the European changelings.

jina: A vampire rising in enlightenment and status;
still young, but no longer a disciple.

mandarin: An enlightened (and often politically
powerful) vampire. Mandarins are the most influential
members of most courts, ranking just below the ancestors.

Middle Kingdom, the: Used in Blood & Silk to mean
the Asian World of Darkness. In reality, it is the Chinese
expression denoting China itself.

Wan Kuei: The Ten Thousand Demons; the risen
vampires of the Middle Kingdom. Called Kuei-jin in
later years.

Wan Xian: The Ten Thousand Immortals; the blessed
demigods and philosopher-kings of the Third Age whose
cursed descendents are the Wan Kuei.

Xiong Ren: The Ferocious People; the shapechangers
of the Middle Kingdom, most especially those tied to the
Beast Courts. In Japan, they are called hengeyokai
("Changing Phantoms"), which will become the gener-
ally accepted term in years to come.

Xue: A term meaning both blood and study, it is the
name given to the Grand Arhat of the Wan Kuei; Xue

Bioop & Six

once ceeeremmmi escent nreeen a

AMING AND TRANSL)TERATION
Thectecn dominant styles of translitera-
uinese characters into English words,
tion and Pinyin. While neither
is truly correct (the only way toglean the myriad of
4 4 3 are. r.
meanings in a ese character is to learn Chi-

nese), the People's Republic of China and most
modem scholars use Pinyin. Blood & Silk does so
as well. If names appear totally foreign to you or if
another source contradicts what you see here,
cheek to see if your reference material refers to the
"modern capitaliof China as Peking (Yale) or as
oe Beijing (Pinyin). Ifyou're usedto Yale, you'll have

+ to do some translating in your head as we go. Our
apologies in adVance. The only exceptions are a
few game terms ifttroduced in Kindred of the East,
which we have left as is to avoid.confusion.

© On asimilarnote, we have deliberately cho-
"Sen, in one or two cases, to use names familiar to

"the West rather.than more proper translitera-

"tions: More specifically, we use Confucius and
Genghis Khan, rather than the more technically
cortect Kung Fuxi and Chinggis (or Qinggis)
Khan. These names are familiar enough to West-
ern readers that we continue to use them rather

than add to the confusion. _...

founded the five accepted Dharmasand the Fivefold Way,
the great social principle of the vampires.

Yomi Wan: The Thousand Hells ruled over by the
Yama Kings. All Wan Kuei have spent time there and
escaped to rise from their graves. Often just Yomi.

JNSPJRAT|ONS AND
REFERENCES

You don't have to turn into a freelance scholar to
enjoy Blood & Silk; in fact, you don't have to do anything
but put this book to use. If you'd like to get additional
information, however, it can be difficult to know where to
start. Here we present our recommendations of particu-
larly useful resources of different sorts, along with a few
words about how to spot bad.ideas.

Non-Fiction

* The Cambridge Illustrated History of China, by
Patricia Ebrey. Ebrey is one of the foremost scholars of
Chinese history; here she's produced a remarkably non-
academic volume, lavishly illustrated, meticulously in-
dexed and altogether readable.

© Daily Life in China on the Eve of the Mongol
Invasion, 1250-1276, by Jacques Gernet. This is an
academic work in the old style, but if you want to know
how people lived, how they organized their lives from day
to day, nothing beats Gernet's comprehensive survey:

¢ The Chan's Great Continent: China in Western
Minds, by Jonathan Spence. This is your best source for
information on the perspectives that should shape char-
acters in crossovér games. Spence here (as in all his
books) digs up great anecdotes and sets them in their
proper context.

¢ Three Ways.of Thought in Ancient China, by
Arthur Waley. Waley was one of the most graceful transla-
tors of Chinese literature into English, and this is one of his
masterworks. He introducés the concepts and presents long
passages from the works of Mencius, Chuang Tzu and Han
Fei Tzu. With this in mind, you can more easily portray a
member of the Chinese civil service and anyone else
inclined toward philosophy.

Japan From Prehistory to Modern Times, by John
Whitney Hall. A dense, clear, useful-history of Japan, this
text is a good resource for Nihonjin chronicles.

© A New History of Korea, by Ki-baik Lee. A clear
and useful history of Korea, this book illustrates a number
of rather amusing'anecdotes from Korean history as well.

Fiction

The hundred-chapter novel is one of the tradi-
tional Chinese art forms. These novels try to encom-
pass the whole range of human experience into a single
story. They therefore combine adventure, romance,
farce, soap opera, tragedy, slapstick, sermons and just
about everything else. It's worth the time to read these,
as they provide marvelous windows onto many differ-
ent parts of their societies. Many of these novels have
multiple titles and sometimes widely divergent texts.
You're not going to get a full lecture on the transmis-
sion of texts in culturally dubious contexts, rest as-
sured, just some recommendations.

¢ Journey to the West is a Blood & Silk chronicle
teady to go. It tells how a Buddhist monk sought out
scriptures to bring home to his people and how Monkey
King found enlightenment, among other matters.

© Romance of the Three Kingdoms deals with the
fall of the Han dynasty in the third century CE. It
features Cao Caoyone of the great villains of Chinese
literature, the absolutely perfect brilliant and amoral
general, Liu Ban, heir to the fallen dynasty, leads his
motley band in war and peace, and many remarkable

9

things happen. The treatment of the supernatural is
worth noting — spirits and demons are everywhere; and
it's not surprising for heroes to ascend and become gods
at dramatic moments.

© Water Margin is a different sort of chronicle ready
to go. The heroes in this case are unjustly accused
brigands and various others in a story that's far too
complex to summarize. It has unleashed demons, wicked
monks, corrupt officials who get their just rewards and a
lot more.

Many gamers like Barry Hughart's Chinese fantasy
novels The Bridge of Birds, Eight Skilled Gentlemen and
The Story of the Stone. They're thoroughly anachronis-
tic, mingling together elements of different areas with
agenerous dollop of Hughart's own imagination. Don't
treat them as gospel, but do enjoy them for a general
feel for China with the mythic come to life.

Fiums

© The Bride With White Hair. No words can do
justice to this movie. See it to see half the Wan Kuei
Disciplines in operation. It has the aging swordsman
seeking rest, the oppressive cult, the villainous leading
lady with her mobile hair and hermaphroditic tenden-
cies... it's got everything.

e AChinese Ghost Story (series). Many of the rest
of the Disciplines owe something to these films. Hun-
dred-foot-long tongues, flaming sutras and bureaucrats
who combine incompetence and venality in amazing
quantity are just some of the highlights. Watch the
fights to see what burning Chi is all about.

© Seven Samurai. Akira Kurosawa's classic tale of a
village in need and seven men on the margin trying to do
the right thing remains as entertaining, and as inspira-
tional for chronicles, as ever.

© The Silk Road (Dun Huang). This tale of 11th
century students pressed into military service in western
China combines romance with some absolutely great
battle scenes. Watch this for the almost unearthly land-
scapes of the high deserts and mountains.

© Yojimbo. This story takes place several centuries
after the era Blood & Silk covers, butits essence applies
nonetheless. A lone man with mysterious background
and no name comes into town, confronts adversity and
gets everyone who deserves it slaughtered. Along the
way, more than a few complications ensue. The Man
With No Name is a powerful archetype, and this is his
definitive presentation.


Cuaprer Ont: Huncry Deap oF THe Mjppir Kingdon a

CNAPTER OME:
NUMER DEAD OF
FHE MIDDLE
KINCDOM

The empire, long divided, must unite; long united, must

divide. Thus has it ever been.

— Luo Guanzhong, Romance of the Three Kingdoms

Wan Kuei scholars uncovered the following seven docu-
ments after the destruction of the short-lived Hall of the Black
Tortoise in Karakorum. Wan Kuei penned most of these
documents, but the cache also included a seemingly purloined
report from a Nezumi rat-changer to his Beast Court. To-
gether, they. paint a vivid picture of life, both mortal and
immortal, at the end of the Fourth Age, duringthe time of
Southern Song dynasty in China (what Westerners would call
the end of the 12th century of the common era). Appended to
several of these documents, most especially the twowwritten by
a disciple of the Court of Linan named Lu Feng, were
commentaries by several prominent Wan Kuei of the time.

TEACHjNGS ON THE
Niogut Prope

A Treatise by Lu Feng, South Wind of the Flitting
Hummingbird Wu

The world is not as it once was, and we are not as we
once were. Many among us refuse to accept this as fact,
and I do not exaggerate when I say that by doing so they
put their bodies and souls at risk. A three-year-old mortal
child would not walk forward while looking backward, for
he knows that he would come to harmin the attempt.

Nevertheless, my ancestors and contemporaries glance
backward to the glorious days of the Third Age while the
Fourth Age pushes gallingly onward. Before they get into
the habit of looking forward, I imagine that some of them
will trip and fall.

Indeed, many already have.

To the reader, welcome. lam Lu Fen, Third Archivist
of the Yellow Emperor, South Wind of the Flitting Hum-
mingbird wu and a Demon of Linan, the richest and most
glorious city of the Song Empire. I serve the ancestors of
the Court of the Yellow Emperor, a role I have filled since
my Second Breath some 20 years ago. The sheaf you hold
is intended to bring you, presumably a hin trying to join
our society, into a full awareness of our true nature and
history. Some of it—such as the historical treatise I wrote
just before reaching disciple status — is rather poorly
written; though I was a scholar in life, I have since had
decades to refine my art. Take from it what you can.

The Faun

It is undoubtedly already clear to you that you are a
monster; surely you remember some of your time in Yomi
Wan, the Thousand Hells. Perhaps you remember some of
the torment dispensed by the minions of the Yama Kings,
the hells' overlords. But you have many questions.

12
Waar We Are

We are the Wan Kuei, the Ten Thousand Demons.
Weare born of mortal women, we live our lives as mortal
men and women, and we die and go to Hell.

Something drives us to Yomi Wan. No man finds
himself in the Thousand Hells without belonging there.
Perhaps one is a vicious killer; perhaps another aban-
doned his familial duties to live in the city with the
immoral and the unjust. Each of us broke the eternal
laws in some fashion while alive and was cursed to Hell
as punishment.

But strength brings us back. We are unwilling to
remain in the hands of the Yama Kings, and our wills are
strong, so we return to the lands above. We stride into
our mortal bodies, take the Second Breath and return to
the living world. We are the strongest of the dead; the
common. thief does not have sufficient fortitude to
withstand the torment of Yomi Wan and still shout "I
will not bow!"

And sowe escape the Yama Kings, but ourdefiance—
"Twill not bow!" — can only take us so far. The August
Personage of Jade has cursed us for our predecessors'
madness, and his strength far outmatches ours. We can-
not stand the light of the sun; we must steal life from
mortals to remain part of this world; and our dark soul, our
P'o, has gained a voice.

I lied a moment ago. You will find, student, that
your elders lie to you every day. Sometimes, they wish
to hide the truth, and other times, they wish to teach
you to hear lies and seek truth. I lie because it aids my
narrative. We did not escape the Yama Kings, at least
not if their demon servants are to be believed. They let
us leave Yomi Wan, because we serve their desires
better here in the world:than in Hell. However, true
demons lie even more frequently than Wan Kuei do; 1
do not believe that the Yama Kings simply let us leave
their domain.

Whatever the truth may be, we can never entirely
escape the Lords of Hell. We would make good servants
and better slaves; the Yama Kings may tempt you with
promises of power or threaten your existence in order
to acquire your services. We call those of the Wan Kuei
who serve the Yama Kings akuma, and they have no
place in our society. Do not bring an accusation of
trafficking with the Yama Kings without proof, for a
false claim of such corruption is likely to mean your
own destruction. Akuma are strong, hide well and are
thankfully rare.

Our society is a simple one, stitched together at the
lowest level and leaving decision-making power in the
hands of the eldest and wisest ancestors. When yourelders
deem you, a hin, worthy, they shall assign you toa wu, or
corpse family. Like the mortals all around us, we put great
stock in the value of ancient, established families. The Bai
Shi Jia (Hundred Corpse Families) are the oldest, most
powerful wu in the Middle Kingdom, but the passing of

Bioop & Sux

time has given us more Wan Kuei than can easily fit into
a hundred families of five.

Each wu lives within the confines of one of the five
August Courts. In the northern lands of Xixia, Jin,
Manchu and the barbarian tribes, the unliving obey the
dictates of the Court of the Black Tortoise. To the east,
the blood-drinking warlords of Nihon and Koryo dance
a delicate cirele around one another in the Court of the
Azure Dragon. The jungles of the south bear witness to
the screams of mortals at the hands of the demons of the
Court of the Scarlet Phoenix. The Court of the White
Tiger dominates the west, and all pay heed to the Court
of the Yellow Emperor in Changan, the heart of the
Middle Kingdom.

In turn, the ancestors of each area host theirown
courts. While the ancestors of Linan, for instance, are part
of the Court of the Yellow Emperor, it is rare indeed that
the court imposes its dictates directly on a city's Wan
Kueis The eldest and wisest among us dominate the Five
August Courts; ina perfect world, their merest sugges-
tions would be seen as law by those less enlightened. This
is no perfect world, but it is rare for the ancestors of a
region to come into open conflict with each other or the
tulers of their August Court. When it does come; it is
terrifying indeed.

Some Wan Kuei are predisposed toward warfare,
while others prefer subtler means of resolving disagree-
ments. The Grand Arhat Xue; in his travels thousands of
years ago, distilled the essence of Wan Kuei existence into
five Dharmic paths. Those who see strength and courage
in battle, for instance, tend toward the Devil-Tiger Dharma
(although I have seen warriors on all five paths).

Xue created —or perhaps discovered —five Dharmic
paths near the end of the Third Age. The Resplendent
Cranes are Wan Kuei of honor and justice, while the
vampires of the Howl of the Devil-Tiger seek mastery over
the world through their inner demons. Vampires of the
Song of the Shadow Dharma (also called Bone Dancers)
seek solace in the tranquility of death, while Thrashing
Dragons exalt the echo of life we retain. And the Thou-
sand Whispers Dharma attempts to balance these polar
extremes, not by denying any of them, but by embracing
them all, over time.

The Resplendent Cranes and Devil-Tigers stand
opposite each other, the Cranes to the north and the
Tigers to the south. The Cranes pursue the dictates of
the Hun, the higher, nobler impulse ineach Wan Kuei.
The Howl of the Devil-Tiger follows the drive of the P'o,
the raging, animal impulse. This does not preventmem-
bers of the two Dharmas from getting along; indeed,
each typically possesses insights that can aid the other.

Similarly, Thrashing Dragons and Bone Dancers align
as opposites, though they are not enemies. The Thrashing
Dragons stand to the east and are clad in the strength of
Yang, the male impulse, the energy of life. The Bone
Dancersare in the west direction; they draw their strength

Chapter One: Hungry Deap oF THe Mippur Kingpow

from the Yin impulse, the female-oriented energy of death
and decay.

The Thousand Whispers Dharma occupies the cen-
ter of this cross. A properly balanced wu will consist of
a Wan Kuei from each direction, though circumstances
sometimes prevent this. Unbalanced wu rarely last for
long, as internal and external stresses will shear such a
group apart.

From the Commentaries of Li Citan:

, THE WRITER SPEAKS ONLY OF FIVE «

. DHARMAS. BUT HE IS MISTAKEN IN THINKING
THAT THOSE ARE THE ONLY ONES THAT EXIST.
Most Cuinsess LJan Kut AGREE THAT ONLY
Huss FIVE PATHS HOLD THE PATH TO
SALVATION. BUT OTHER. HERETICAL DHARMAS 5
HIST AND SEEM TO KEEP THEIR PRACTITIONERS
AT LEAST A STEP ABOVE THE CANNIBALISTIC
CHIH-ME1. \

Waar We Were

At the beginning of this lesson, I stated that we are
not as we once were. When the August Personage of Jade
created the universe thousands of years ago, he granted
the most worthy humans immortality and vast power.
These were known as the Wan Xian, the Ten Thousand
Immortals. They could move mountains, it is said. They
had the wisdom of gods and the beautiful spiraling music
of the heavens followed them as they strode across the
earth.

Consider the tragic love of Wang Yuanfeng and Yu
Xiaocui. Beautiful and wise immortal Xiaocuifell in love
with Wang Yuanfeng, the farmer's son, even though he
was an idiot, barely capable of speech. Xiaocui loved him
enough to heal his mind and usher him through the tests
the August Personage demanded of those who wished to
become immortal. She brought him into the great family
of the Wan Xian, and their love brought joy to the very
stones of the earth.

After two.centuries, the dragon princess Cai Wai
lured Yuanfengaway from hiseternallove, and Yu Xiaocui's
weeping drove hundreds of stars to extinguish themselves
in the sea from sorrow. And when Xiaocui, overcome by
jealousy, struck at Cai Wai, Wang Yuanfeng declared war
onhis former lover. Like many wars among the Wan Xian,
this one caused great hardship. Using the rivers and seas
of the Kingdom of Fu Yi as weapons against one another,
Wang Yuanfeng and Yu Xiaocui flooded the Diyang Plain

-
and drowned it. Such tragedies were common in the Age
of Legends, for the loves of the Wan Xian could shake the
heavens. The immortals warred over which mortal they
loved or hated, which child they most adored and whom
they would marry: Those were fiery days.

The Wan Xian were as wise as they were passionate.
The August Personage of Jade took the wisest of theminto
Heaven to serve him directly, and he left doorways in the
world for mortals to join the ranks of the immortals.
Perhaps it was in this that the August Personage planted
the seeds of our ancestors' downfall. He did not handpick
the new immortals; any mortal who could pass the trials
he placed in the world gained the power of the Wan Xian.

The few ancestors I speak to about this time period
tell of sadness and loss and slowly dying rage. The Wan
Xian integrated the newcomers into their society, and as
more of the eldest immortals were taken to Heaven to
directly serve the August Personage, the younger gen-
erations rose to positions of leadership and respect. With
each successive century, fewer of the Celestial Emperor's
handpicked immortals remained in the world.

This cycle repeated itself over thousands of years,
until the wise kings of the Wan Xian gave way to lusty
despots. Scholars who once searched for hidden poetic
meaning in the fall of rain plumbed the depths of Yomi
Wan for secret black magics and stole the Chi of mortals
and servants of the Celestial Bureaucracy. The August
Personage of Jade had created tests across the world to
ensure'that only the strongest, most moral and cleverest
could cast off the chains of mortality, but unethical
mortals subverted his true intentions and "solved" the
tests without truly proving themselves worthy.

Finally, Tien Lu plucked the last blossom from the
Tree of Immortality and three of the four remaining
original Wan Xian, resigned to the coming fire, strode
into Heaven before the August Personage of Jade levied
his curse upon the rest of the Ten Thousand Immortals.
They became the Wan Kuei, the Ten Thousand Demons.

From the Commentaries of Lun Ouran:
Many refuse to speak of it. but when the Auqust
Personage of Jade began to cast his curse down on
the Wan Xian, four of the first chosen immortals
remainedin the world. Three of those entered Neaven
_ before the curse was complete and so were spared.
The fourth, Bao Zhong, entered Yomi Lan instead
and so was also spared — orsoitseemed. Bao Zhon
foot several battles against the Yama Kings an
gir servants; after countless years of fighting, he
dedared whet. a Yama King and his new realm the
Nell of Never-Dying Sorrow.
Remember alusays that even the greatest can fall.
___ lwfeng should be cautious in his usritings. how-
ever. To mention the children is tactless and without
enlightenment. Never repeat such stories; they are
better left in the past.

At first only a subtle change came: The August
Personage of Jade's tests — which had previously be-
stowed immortality — twisted in on themselves and
became part of Yomi Wan. Where once a mortal might
have to travel to the land of the wisest forest spirits and
gain their favor, now that mortal had to die with wick-
edness on his soul and escape the Hell of the Burning
Forest with his sanity intact. The Ten Thousand De-
mons did not breathe, and they had to steal Chi or
succumb to death.

At once, two groups formed among the Wan Kuei.
The wisest, those who had chosen to follow a Dharmic
path to enlightenment, were able to keep their wits about
them in the face of suffocating hunger. The most arrogant
of the Wan Kuei, who had enmeshed themselves in the
mundane world, had no spiritual anchor to hold onto as
dreams of blood flooded over them.

Today we would call those latter Wan Kuei chih-mei.
They were fantastically powerful chih-mei, of course, un-
like the newly reborn Wan Kuei of the modern day. The
philosophers and poets who kept their minds had no
choice but to slaughter these maddened monsters that
some had once called friends.

Waar Wu Be

From the time we emerge as hin, we learn of the Great
Cycle of the Ages: The world began in a state of perfection
and unity with the August Personage of Jade and has
grown ever more corrupt with the passing of time. The fall
of the Wan Xian turned the Wheel from the Third to the
Fourth Age thousands of years ago, and the time may be
coming for the Great Wheel to turn again.

We are no longer the terrified and starving monsters
we were early in this age; instead, we are confident and
powerful. The younger Wan Kuei turn their gaze forward
to the Fifth and Sixth Ages and the rise ofthe Demon
Emperor, even as the eldest stare backward.

Some elders believe it will be possible to regain the
favor of the August Personage and, in so doing, stop the

Bioon & Six

whirling of the Cosmic Wheel. They may be right. The
most learned among them say that the Wheel is greater
than even the Celestial Emperor; for the universe to
return to astate of unity and joy, it must first traverse the
howling chasm of the Demon Emperor's reign.

That is ‘not to say that many Wan Kuei look forward
to the next age. The Yama Kings and their akuma slaves
realize that with the closing of the Fourth Age, the world
is sliding their way. As their confidence grows, they
become bolder, sometimes striking at Wan Kuei that
wronged them in the past or whom they see as future
antagonists. Other Yama Kings prefer to subvert and
corrupt the plans and allies of powerful Wan Kuei. The
Yama Kings do remain circumspect even in light of this
increased confidence; they know that to act openly too
soon is to risk a massed attack by the Wan Kuei or the
beastly Xiong Ren.

The Yama Kings often lay their snares for the young-
est Wan Kuei, the so-called Running Monkeys who put
the least stock in the oldest stories. They were lied to
about the true nature of the world throughout their lives,
and in all likelihood, they were lied to at least once by
elder, ostensibly wiser Wan Kuei in the time after their
death. Such a prematurely jaded soul is more likely to
believe the lies and power fantasies of the Yama Kings
than an older vampire might be.

Seeps oF Conrijcr

Most vampires resist the temptations of the Yama
Kings, or the Middle Kingdom would be awash inakuma.
But even those who ignore the demon lords' seductive
lies spend some time in rebellion against the elders of
their court or wu. Unlike willful children, rebellious
Running Monkeys are neither testing their limits nor
selfishly demanding unearned privileges: Many of them
simply desire to be treated like the competent adults
they were before their deaths. And unlike parents, the
elders of a court or wu are rarely uncertain about the
proper course of action to take in confronting such a
rebellion, whether that reaction is to let the young
vampires work out their anger or to stamp out such
displays from the earliest moments. To the dismay of the
typical Running Monkey, the elder is more often right
than wrong, which explains why that elder is further
along in his Dharmie path than the disciple.

After the Age turned from Third to Fourth, five Wan
Kuei emperors constructed their courts in different cor-
ners of the Middle Kingdom. Each court allows for differ-
ent ways for its subjects'to settle their differences: The
Black Tortoise Wan Kuei engage in tests of endurance,
while the Scarlet Phoenix subjects perform artistic com-
petitions for the pleasure of the Yang Spirits of the south.

Conflict between the courts is not so easily handled,
and Wan Kuei'from any given court are typically free to
wage night war on other courts' members. Treaties do
arise, of course, and not-every incursion leads to open
hostility. The Emperors of the Five August Courts make


Cuaprer Owe: Hungry Drap or THe Mippir Kingoow a)

'
From the Commentaries of Li Citan: }
AGAIN. THIS IS UTTER NONSENSE. Lu Fen

HAS REPUDIATED IT IN CONVERSATION LTH

me. HE LIRDTS MUCH OF THE LAST SECTION

IN ORDER TO CURRY FAVOR LTH HIS MEN-

TOR. LINO LIAS OBSESSED LTH PRECISION {

AND LITH CORRECTING THE ERRORS OF HIS

STUDENTS. HIS FEELINGS ON THE MATTER.

AS LIE SPOKE. ARE AS FOLLOLSs:

"THe ELDER IS NOT MORE OFTEN RIGHT
THAN LIRONG. THE ELDER HAS A MORE PER-
FECT UNDERSTANDING OF HIS OLIN DHARMA
AND THE LAY IN LIHICH HIS SOUL INTERACTS
with THAT DHARMA S CORE TENETS. HoL-
EVER. SOME ELDERS CHOOSE TO LIVE ON
MOUNTAINTOPS AND CONTEMPLATE THEM—
SELVES RATHER THAN FACE THE DAY-TO-
DAY UNLIVES IN LIHICH MERE RUNNING MoN-
HEYS EMBROIL THEMSELVES. ALTERNATELY. |
CONSIDER THE EXAMPLE OF THE LIIZENED
AND ACCLAIMED Bone Dancer uno ts ap-
PROACHED FOR ADVICE IN A MATTER OF THE
Po. IWDOES NOT NECESSARILY FOLLOLI THAT
HIS HNOLILEDGE OF YIN IS APPLICABLE TO
QUESTIONS OF THE DEMON NATURE. Acs noes
NOT NECESSARILY CORRESPOND LITH EN-
LIGHTENMENT: POWER AND LIISDOM DO NOT
ACCRUE NATURALLY OVER TIME.

a

sure not to openly wage war upon one another. Many
Wan Kuei claim that outright war amongthe Five August
Courts will be a sure sign of the Fifth Age.

When Wan Kuei make war on one another, we are
cagey about our actions. We are immortal, after all, and
not one of us wishes to throw away the eternity before us
on a moneymaking scheme or revenge plot. We plan
carefully; we use cultivated and obedient mortals — or
cultivated and obedient Running Monkeys — to attack a
foe's material resources. Often, a simple building fire is
enough to remind another demon not to trifle with one's
property; sometimes, the price becomes much higher.

In recent years reports have trickled to the Court of
the Yellow Emperor from the White Tiger and Black
Tortoise Courts, reports of other creatures, vampires who
are clearly not Wan Kuei: They may be the inheritors of
the firstchih-mei; they couldbe the children of Zao-lat, the
disgraced disciple who stole wisdom from Xue, or they
might even be the harbingers of the Fifth Age.

THe OTHers

Inthe ranks of the shen, the supernatural beings of the
Middle Kingdom, few suffer more ire than the Wan Kuei.
Members of nearly every other race in the world wish to
do us harm, and:in the case of a few shen, the majority
desires the destruction of the Wan Kuei. The following

text cannot do justice to the wide range of beings-who
might cross paths with the Ten Thousand Demons‘or to
their motivations; for every Hakken werewolf who craves
revenge for his ancestors' humiliation in the Fourth Age
there is another whose criminal, pawns' interests are
incompatible with a particular wu's activities.

The Cujipren oF THE ArcHER

More than 2,000 years ago, during the fall of the
Shang dynasty to the Zhou, a mortal named Yi, the
Excellent Archer, led a group of mystic warriors known as
the Shih to war against the Wan Kuei. His people truly
formed an impressive force; hundreds of men and women
were driven to action in response to the violence our kind
did unto theirs. Many of the Shih were Yi's descendants,
and therefore, we often refer to them as the Children of
the Archer. Yi himself is famed for extinguishing nine
falsesuns created by the Scarlet Phoenix Court in an
attempt to burn their enemies among the Court of the
Yellow Emperor from the world. In a typically grandiose
and careless gesture of revenge, the Phoenix Wan Kuei
had decided that risking the deaths of thousands, or even
millions, of mortals was not too great a cost to visit their
vengeance upon the other fallen immortals.

In saving humanity, of course, Yi saved us, and for
that, it might be thought that we owe his descendants
a debt. But they have surely invalidated that debt
through their relentless pursuit of shen throughout the
Middle Kingdom. The Shih live in the distant wilder-
ness, training only a few students at a time; they enter
the cities only to hunt their favored prey, the Wan
Kuei. And this they do exceedingly well, with an
efficiency that makes us wonder if they are not some-
how the pawns of another force.

Tue Ferocjous Propie

If only the Xiong Ren — the Ferocious People, whom
Nihonjin call hengeyokai— didn't pay so muchattention
to their ancestor-spirits. Then they would forget what the
Wan Xian of old did. They wouldn't sit around their
forsaken campfires in the middle of the wilderness, listen-
ing to their elders talk about how the jealous Ten Thou-
sand Immortals set the Xiong Ren at each other's throats.
And how even if the August Personage did curse them,
the ancestor-spirits still call out for revenge.

But we do keep trying to shut them up.

Dozens of species of Ferocious People walk the
Middle Kingdom. I believe that there is now or has once
been a shapechanger for every animal that swims, flies or
crawls across the world. From proud tiger-men to crafty
fox-folk, the creatures fairly infest the wilderness, and
some, like the rats, even encroach on the cities. 1am told
that, much as the Wan Kuei maintain the Five August
Courts, the Xiong Ren have Beast Courts of their own.
In general, however, I must plead ignorance with respect
to these creatures.

The hsien, like the Xiong Ren, greatly mistrust the
Ten Thousand Demons. And rightly so, for what race
could forgive those who caused the Celestial Emperor to
erect a Wall between the mortal and spirit worlds? The
hsien, once functionaries and servants of the Celestial
Courts, are trapped in the Middle Kingdom now, cursed
for actions that they themselves did not take. The most
excitable of the hsien would like nothing more than to
destroy all of the Wan Kuei, burn all of the cities and be
done with it.

Not all hsien are irrational; a Wan Kuei reborn in the
last few years is not going to earn the ire of a wise old
monkey-spirit who knows that the young vampire is not
personally responsible for the creation of the Wall. But
the hsien generally feel that they should never allow the
Wan Kuei to come into great power again. In the words of
an old friend, the cat-hsien Ditan Poon: "We may come to
trust you individually again, but let us never forget that,
asa group, you broke the universe. This isnot merely acrime
but an indescribable transgression. We might forgive, but
we shall never forget, and we shall never again allow you
such an opportunity."

Thus, ahsien might not attack Wan Kuei immediately
but will watch to put a stone in the gears of a-vampire's
plans. Any Wan Kuei who has survived his first century is
likely to remember watching one of his grand schemes for
power dissolve around him like sugar in a rainstorm
thanks to the machinations of hsien.

The Yama Kings are our oldest enemies; as some
mandarins would have it, they are our only true enemies,
and the rest of our conflicts are nothing but internecine
squabbling fostered by them. The lords of Yomi are
indescribably powerful — only the most ancient
bodhisattvas could even give thought to vanquishing a
Yama King single-handedly, and dozens of wu have been
lost attempting to slay even weak demon kings.

The Yama Kings seem most concerned with jockey-
ing for position among themselves; according to proph-
ecy, one of them will stand alone as Demon Emperor in
the Sixth Age. Each Yama King gathers resources and
attempts to undermine his peers' attempts to do the same,
in preparation for that fateful day. Some, additionally,
wish revenge on the Throne of Heaven for their exile to
Helland will go to great lengths to punish us, the one-time
servants of their enemy.

Axuma

Though each akuma is an individual, there are
three general types of akuma who find satisfaction in
interfering with the Wan Kuei. The first and most
common is the Loyal Minion: This vampire slave be-
lieves strongly that every man needs a master and has
chosen a Yama King as his. The Loyal Minion attacks
the Wan Kuei out of duty to his liege lord. Younger
Loyal Minions might have no idea what their lord's
plan is, but as they grow older and savvier, they may

Cnapren One: Hungry Dean or Te Mippur Kingdon

become privy to more secrets or may simply get better
at piecing together their liege's motivations.

The second kind of akuma is the Aggressive Inde-
pendent. This half-demon has decided that the Yama
Kings are certainly the side of winners in the great
celestial war between Heaven and Hell, and he attempts
to create a favorable impression on several Yama Kings
by his daring activity against his former allies. He re-
ceives "blessings" from more than one Yama King but
pledges eternal allegiance to none of them, hoping to
remain independent for as long as he can.

The third and possibly most dangerous akuma is the
Secretive Cultist. The Secretive Cultist is dedicated to
furthering the cause of a particular Yama King and may
have received a devilish investment or two from his
secret liege but most likely has not. The Secretive
Cultist works to expand the Yama King's power and
influence without letting it become commonly known
that he is akuma. Unfortunately for Wan Kuei culture
at large, the number of Secretive Cultists is difficult to
even guess at. All estimates suggest that itis thankfully
low, though various Courts are quick to suggest that
other courts have much higher numbets of hidden
akuma.

Tue History OF THE
Mjppie Kingpom

A Treatise by Lu Feng, hin in the Court of Linan

Honored and wise masters, I humbly begin this trea-
tise in the hopes that those more aged and wiser than I will
find it worthy. For six years, I have studied under teachers
of the Emerald Blossom wu and others of the Court of the
Yellow Emperor, and if my writing abilities are sufficient
tothe task, theniean hope to give adequate-description
to their wisdom. Surely the best my feeble skills can hope

17

to attain isa pale reflection of my teachers' lessons, for at
my young age, I cannot hope.to have acquired»such
brilliance for myself.

The history of the Wan Kuei has been chronicled by
those far older than I — The Green Book of the First
Historian of the Azure Dragon Court is surely the pre=
eminent work of our collective chronology, but its hun-
dreds of volumes and the dreadful mien of the First
Historian render it inaccessible to those such as myself. I
shall, therefore, gather together the tales and scrolls
provided to me since I took the Second Breath and
present them as follows.

_ The First Ace

The First Age, according to the very oldest among us,
was a time of perfection and harmony in oneness with all
things. There were no Yama Kings, no Wan Xian, no
mortals. All things were one in the person of the August
Personage of Jade. The ancestors refer to this time as the
Age of Heaven. It was the last time that the universe had
a single will; there were no competing desires and there
was no conflict. This was truly the Age of Heaven.

From the Commentaries of Lun Ouran:

This seems to be an auspidous place to note that
pe agree on predse dates for the turning of eae
There are those — few. and probably mad — who
feel that the present day remains a part of the Third
Age. Each Turning has its signposts, and itis difficult to
find agreement as to wuhich of themis mostmeaning-

|. The astute reader may note that. indeed, there are
_ those wiho believe that the Fifth Age began with the
* fall of Kaifeng to the Jin, 70 years ago. Most of us do
not agree.

The Seconp Ace

The Age of Beauty was a time of creation and great
joy. The August Personage of Jade parted Yang from Yin
and caused the universe to give birth to the Scarlet Queen
and the Ebon Dragon. These two, the greatest ancestors
of all of us, breathed life into the nascent energies all
around them; the universe changed from a held breath to
the first mists of reality.

The Queen and the Dragon brought all thinking
beings into existence in the Age of Beauty, so that the
fragments of creation could better appreciate the splendor
of the Ten Thousand Things. Gods, spirits, hsien, Xiong
Ren, dragons and the whole of the Celestial Bureaucracy
condensed from Heaven. The Celestial Emperor then
created mortal humans, who were given no particular task
within the Bureaucracy.

Some members of the Celestial Bureaucracy aban-
doned their work and slunk off selfishly to found their own
realms; as these creatures deliberately cut themselves off
from Heaven's brilliance, they became degraded and

hideous. We now know them as the Yama Kings. The
Yama Kings had no servants of their own, of course, and
were forced to recruit or enslave mortals and other spirits.

The mistreatment of mortals and spirits brought the
Yama Kings to the attention of the Celestial Emperor, but
for reasons of his own, he did not strike them down.
Instead, he created the Wan Xian by elevating 10,000
mortals to a state of blessed immortality and great power.
The Wan Xian were not gods, but they were stronger than
any mortal and could perform feats their descendants can
only dream of. The Wan Xian set about ending the
depredations of the Yama Kings.

Many of our historians gather stories of the quests that
mortals undertook in order to join the Wan Xian. There
are common themes in these stories. Mortals had to reach
the spirit worlds —a much easier task in those days—and
return safely home. The Dragon and the Queen desired
not only the strongest and cleverest of mortals but also the
wisest and most moral; the trials mortals underwent tested
not only their resolve and stamina but also their capacity
for self-sacrifice and ability to think on their feet. Some
humans deliberately set out on a quest to find the secret
to immortality, while humbler ones passed the tests al-
most by accident.

The Tijrp Ace

In the Age of Legends, kingdoms rose and fell with
the stars of the Wan Xian. Three Wan Xian kings merit
special note, however; together they are known as the
Three Sovereigns. Some scholars consider them to be
myth; Annals of a Bygone Age suggests otherwise. Al-
though Wan Kuei historians cannot agree whether the
Three Sovereigns were merely Wan Xian or, in fact, gods,
they are certain that the Three did exist.

Fuxi, the first of the Three Sovereigns, taught his
people to fish and hunt, how to raise cattle and silkworms
and how to build permanent dwellings. Fuxi also created
the eight trigrams used for divination with The Book of
Changes; elder texts suggest that he was a master of
divination magics.

Shennong, the second of the Three Sovereigns,
showed his people the plow and weaving and how to leave
proper sacrifices for the powers of Heaven. Shennong was
the first doctor, as well; he taught the healing arts to many
of his subjects and is said to have died testing a plant for
medicinal properties.

Huang-ti was the third of the Three Sovereigns. He
was the first alchemist and the first shipwright. He also
developed armor and the earliest armies, in order to
suppress barbarian tribes that threatened his people.

Despite the teachings of the Three Sovereigns and
the wisdom of their successors, no earthly force could stop
the fall of the Wan Xian; for their folly, the King of
Heaven himself cursed them. Thus did the Third Age end
and the Fourth begin.

In the aftermath of the fall of the Wan Xian,
immortal despots and now-undead tyrants succumbed
to the light of the sun, to ravening hunger and to
peasant uprisings. Those who survived fell to warring
with one another or disappearing into the wilderness to
search for a way to appease the Celestial Emperor.

Some rare Wan Kuei refused to accept that their
former master had truly cursed them; most of these were
noble and ethical immortals who had not abused their
power over mortals. Other than unconsciously taking
lifesaving precautions against starvation, they carried
on as they did in the Third Age, assuming that although
they heard from the August Personage of Jade less often,
he stillwatched over themand intended them to protect
humanity from the depredations of the Yama Kings.

These rare stalwarts could hardly resist the tides of
chaos, however. The lands we call China, Koryo and
Nihon were split into 10,000 petty kingdoms, each one
with its own minor mortal warlord. This situation lasted
for millennia.

The Kingpom or Xa

Yu the Great, a strong-willed and quick-thinking
mortal king founded the Kingdom of Xia. Numerous
floods of the Yangtze River troubled much of Yu's reign;
accordingly, he created the first real mortal bureaucracy
the world had ever seen, to organize his subjects to build
dikes and otherwise fight floods. Yu's subjects called
their sovereign "The Great Engineer" due to his skill at
designing these new dikes and irrigation canals

That bureaucracy's control over the great river al-
lowed Yu and his subjects to irrigate their fields through
the dry season. This allowed for a population explosion
during the Xia era, an event welcomed by the Wan Kuei
and fought by the Xiong Ren.

The Xia took great stock in the advice of supernatural
creatures, whether they be the representatives of the
Beast Courts or the hsien (few Xia kings risked trusting the
Wan Kuei). Ambassadors from the Ferocious People tried

Casper One: Hungry Deap oF THe Mippir Kingpow

to exert enough influence to keep the mortal population
in check, but the kings of the Xia knew that they could no
more keep mortals from mating than they could the Sun
from setting. Eventually, the Xia kings grew complacent
and corrupt — some say under the influence of the Wan
Kuei — and the dynasty collapsed.

Tue SHang Dynasty

The Shang were a civilized people residing in what we
now call Shandong. They worked bronze to make weap-
‘ons, armor and beautiful works of art; they used human
and animal bones to prophesy the future; and they per-
formed human sacrifice. The Shang invented writing,
and all civilized people use the Shang pictograms (in
somewhat different forms) today. No nomads, the Shang
built cities along the coast and rivers and brought hunters
and gatherers into the welcoming arms of agriculture and
farming. They were also the first mortals to make use of
jade in jewelry, weaponry and magic.

The Shang flourished for six centuries; when the
dynasty fell at the hands of peasants:and minor nobility,
chaos came upon China for almost.a.century.

From the Commentaries of Li Citan:

' THe SHIH DEMON HUNTERS INSIST THAT «
IT AS THEIR GREAT ANCESTOR, Yi. WHO
BROUGHT DOLIN A DEMONICALLY COR-
RUPT DYNASTY. BuT THEN. THEY ALSO
BELIEVE THAT THE GREAT DRAGON KUNG
KUNG BROUGHT A HURRICANE ACROSS THE
TakLaA MAKAN WHEN HE BORE ¥1I INTO
BATTLE AGAINST THE Yama KINGS AND
THE CORRUPT SHANG.

The Zuouv Dynasty

The Zhou people descend from a figure they call
Qi, who taught himself to farm and fish as a child and
who became minister to an emperor of the Xia dynasty.
They were a proud tribal people, who allied with the
Shang only in an equal partnership.

The people of Qi arose in the remains of the Xia
Kingdom; their nation, Zhou, was a wealthy one ruled by
clever and charismatic kings. Zhou paid tribute to the
Shang dynasty, for Qi's descendants were Chinese vassals.

But as the centuries passed, the Kingdom of Zhou
attracted its own followers. Five centuries into the
Shang dynasty, Xibai, the King of Zhou, had arbitrated
impartially over anumber of disputes between his fellow
tulers and gained a sterling reputation as an honorable
man. The king of Zhou became an irritant to the over-
lords of the Shang, who briefly imprisoned him. Not
long after he was released, his son, Fa, led an army of
Zhou soldiers and soldiers from the kingdoms of his
father's allies to march on the Shang. capital, a now-
vanished city near Anyang. An epic battle ensued; the
Zhou forces were more numerous and fought with greater

19

vigor, but the Shang had tighter discipline, as well.as
better arms and armor.

In the end, the Zhou forces were victorious. Fa re-
named himself King Wu ("martial king"); his late father
Xibai, to whom King Wu piously showed great reverence,
was posthumously renamed King Wen ("cultured king")
in commemoration of his humility and skillful diplomacy:

King Wu and his younger brother, the Duke of Zhou,
spent the rest of their lives trying to impose a heavenly
order on a chaotic Earth. Wisely and beneficently, the
tulers bestowed titles and fiefs of land on their own
extended family, those who had aided them in the con-
quest of the Shang and those Shang nobles who had not
hindered them in their quest for power. In each fief, one
family was designated as the ruler of the land, and minis-
terial and counsel positions were distributed similarly: In
one duchy, the eldest male member of the Fa family would
hold the Ministry of Agriculture, just as the eldest male
member of the Weizei family held the Duke's palace.

Some 250 years into the Zhou dynasty, barbarians
raided the capital and killed the king. When the dust
settled, the royal family had resettled in the eastern part
of the kingdom, leaving the one-time royal domain in the
hands of the Qin peoples.

Historians refer to the time after the capital's move as
the "Eastern Zhou" period. It in turn is well described by
two volumes, The Spring and Autumn Annals and The
Strategy of the Warring States, each of which gives its name
to partof the period. By now, the Zhou dynasty had passed
its peak; the wise and benevolent emperors of the dynasty's
early years were long dead, and it was a long fall into the
chaos of anarchy.

The Spring and Autumn period was a time of great
wisdom, both among philosophers and common folk. The
mortal philosopher Laotze learned some of the secrets of
Yin and Yang Chi from the Wan Kuei; he codified what
he learned (often misinterpreting and overextending his
understanding) into the code of ethics and behavior
mortals call the Tao. Confucius and Buddha both lived
during the Spring and Autumn period; Confucius's phi-
losophies took hold in China right away, while the teach-
ings of the Buddha took many years to leave their home-
land to the west. And the Legalist school — which holds
that the state must be more powerful than its subjects —
served only to hasten the fall of the Zhou during the
Warring States period. It gave tacit encouragement to
kings' urges to ruthlessly put down peasant rebellion,
which only brought about greater uprisings until the Zhou
dynasty collapsed into a handful of feuding nations. It
would be 200 years before China was finally unified under
her first, greatest emperor.

The eldest Wan Kuei still active tonight hail from
this era; while rumors persist of vampires that remember
the Third Age, it does not seem possible that such millen-
nia-old creatures could still exist on the face of the world.
Either they have ascended to astate of true enlightenment

20

and rejoined the Celestial Emperor in Heaven, descended
to a state of true debasement and now stand beside the
Yama Kings, or they have been destroyed.

From the Commentaries of Lun Ouran:

Asis the lot of the young. Lu Feng makes assump-
tions instead of drawing condusions. Ne hears of
Laotze speaking of Yin and Yang and assumes he stole
such Knowledge from the Ten Thousand Demons.
Could it not be that Laotze glimpsed the truth under
Heaven just as Xue did? That we stole his terminology
because it was even more skillful than that in the
andent Aaja saipts? That is how J remember it

Also. he sees no godlike ancestors and so assumes
that none of us remember the Third Age. We do. My
contemporaries do retreat from the world, - the
world now changes too rapidly for most of us.) aman
advanced student of the Thousand Whispers Dharma;
rapid change is constancy and stillness. The modem
world is somewhat frightening to the very oldest of us
— 4 sentiment | am sure will amuse the young. Vast.
gouided cities; explosive weapons: a far larger em-
Be than wie Knew in our youth; and the Fifth Age on

@ far horizon: These things do not contribute to a
feeling of security.

Yet at the same time, we have seen this before.
War on all sides, rampaging barbarians from the
north, vil uprisings in the peripheral states, conflict
among the Five August Courts. This is the way of things.

The Qyy Enpjre

The first Emperor of China was a bushy-bearded,
scowling son of the Qin called Shihuangdi. He had the
good fortune to come to power at a time when the rival
kingdoms around Qin were extraordinarily weak; in the
20 years before Shihuangdi became emperor, there were
four famines and a pestilence in the surrounding lands.
His ascension was taken as a sign from Heaven.

From the Commentaries of Li Citan:

T HAVE LATELY HEARD TALES THAT THE
FAMINES AND PESTILENCE WERE NOT *
ACCIDENTS. APPARENTLY A YOUNG LIAN
Kus! cCOAXED A PROVINCIAL LORD INTO
HOARDING HIS FOOD: THIS LED TO HIS NEIGH—
BORS DOING THE SAME. AND SOON. WIDS—
SPREAD HOARDING IN THE SOUTH AND LEST
LED TO FAMINE IN THE NORTH AND EAST.
Ano tHe Ferocious Peopce say THAT THE
PESTILENCE LIAS THE RESULT OF THEIR
DESTRUCTION OF A GREAT DEMON.

As King of the Qin, Shihuangdi:sent his armies to
conquer his neighbors and rivals. As the Qin conquered
nearby kingdoms, they oppressed the new subjects; they
slew the adult male populations of whole villages to
ensure that no rebellion would arise and destroyed forti-
fications that could be used to defend against the Qin in
an insurrection. Finally, more than 20 years after
Shihuangdi became king, he conquered his final rival and
declared himself Emperor of the Qin.

Qin Shihuangdi followed the Legalist doctrine,
which states that, in order for the state to function
properly, the text of law must be applied with precision
and impartiality; any deviation from the written law is a
deviation from the will of the king, and such a thing is
unthinkable. Shihuangdi went about applying the law
with unparalleled harshness, slaughtering the old aris-
tocracy to eliminate the privilege of birth, conscripting
laborers for state projects and imposing the death pen-
alty for many trivial crimes. All the while, the Qin
armies expanded the empire.

Beyond military victory and Legalist dogma,
Shihuangdi's regime improved the nation's structure,
laying out a radiating system:of roads, unifying weights
and measures and standardizing coinage and the writing
system. As well, the Qin built the Great Wall across the
northern reaches of the state. The Great Wall served a
dual purpose: to protect the empire from the northern
barbarians and to make itnearly impossible for peasants to
escape northward out of the empire's reach.

In the eighth year of the empire, Shihuangdi began
to systematically suppress unacceptable academic
thought. A scholar suggested to the openly cruel em-
peror that he should obey the dictates of Confucius more
closely. Not only was the scholar's advice ignored, not
only was the scholar punished, not only were all classical
works not from the Qin burned — but the death penalty
was instituted as a punishment for discussing classical
works in conversation or referring to them when criticiz-
ing imperial policy. To the surprise of few in the super-
natural community, a number of scholars and historians
joined the ranks of the Wan Kuei during Shihuangdi's
relatively short reign.

When Shihuangdi fell victim to old age, his burial
palace was said to be truly magnificent, covering acres and
hosting terracotta likenesses of thousands of his most
loyal soldiers. His chariot and much of his wealth was
buried with him; construction of the palace had begun
when he took the throne of Qin, some 36 years earlier:


Carrer Ont: Hungry Deap oF THe Minis Kingdon ©

From the Commentaries of Juang Guangyao:

To gloss over such an Impoclaul era In
our history ts almost ccimiual. The Bucuing of
the Books — as that period should copecly
called — was a traumatic toll to ie Blan
Kuel, uot a historical Toblabe, The imperial
capital, the very seat of the Couct of the
Yellow Emperor, eae the ceuter of a purge
ofall things uol associated with the Qiu ortho-
doxy. You can Imagine how a strict eee
like Shikuangdi ceacted to evidence of uulivin
ancestors and courts that didu't kow-tow to
him. Du the 15 years ot empire, the aily emplicd
of the Hungry Dead.

Jt was wet cal mortal texts that weut in to
tires, either. Aucieutkagalexts transcribed ou
scrolls or on original tablets disappeared as
well. dauy of our scholars fled wilt what the
could to the Longmen Caves aud then scalleced
tuto many different places to hide their trea-
sures trom the Ae olice. atow much of the
wisdom of Kue and the glory of meru was lost
to us because of that emperor, Lu Feng? tow
much do you gloss over?

Oh, J know thal the couctiers aud mau-
darins iu Chaugan and Linau these nights te
lo miutmixe the suffering of those days — i

hoes a their tufallible, eternal cee to

concede thal a mortal man tore down their
courts aud sanctuaries. J¢ pushed on the
subtect, they will clatm the Shik were cespou-
sible or cratly Ferocious People out for
vengeance or other shen. I'm suce some of
these enemies took bees & of our weak-
ness, bul tt was the mortal, ordinary Qin
Shihuangdi aud kis mortal, ordinary empire
that brought us down.

Ju the ot 9 of the Shang, we had culed as
ae After the Qiu, we knew we had fo cule as

#6: 4 ouly to keep track of the plaus ot
wortal emperors.

It was ouly foward the end of Qin
Shikuangdi's cetdu that alau Kuel celucned to
the capital. The emperor was desperate tor the
secrets of immortality aud we slip ed iM cau-
Hously with the cavalcade of hiss and
mystics. J, for one, am very pleased that the
varlous alchemists ke calléd upon tailed so
spectacularly to keep the emperor alive. ae
may cule tu the laud of the dead now, but as fac
as J am coucecued, he is welcome fo it.


ju THE AFTERLFE
Ee Kuei_ have traveled to
in Realm of the Yel-

e the Jade Em-

Im. has spun too

a oes fast. The realm

' Ee wang (as th the sovereign now prefers to be
k }) is not pleasant for its now-dead residents,

an unending reflection of the emperor's work.as.a

ee Those Wan Kuei who' travel to the Yellow

i with the Dead Emperor's permission find
Wee eter" if somewhat wary host
49 those who » earn his respect. He will gladly

erse about history, the di ts and rewards

ower and goings-on in the afterlife.

: utious uei who travel to the Yellow

& rings without Broper permission do not return.

fates are not widely discussed, but it is

own that Yu Huang considers himself the peer

lie the Yama Kings and subjects his enemies to
fates deserving of Hell.

ad See aceccapertluare pee ge oll aee est

see Chapter S e

Tue Han Evpjre

Qin Shihuangdi created a framework for all dynasties
which followed his, even though the Qin dynasty itself (if
there can be said to have been such a thing) ended with
his death. Less than a decade after Shihuangdi's demise,
former Qin functionaries founded the Han Empire. These
bureaucrats, led by Liu Bang, did not descend from the
traditional nobility, since it had been destroyed during
Shihuangdi's reign. They came from peasant and bureau-
crat families and seized power when a good opportunity
presented itself.

Emperor Liu spread power throughout the empire to
allow for proper governance, while keeping too much
authority from concentrating in any one noble's hands.
Such decentralization was necessary to support the
Xiongnu Wars against nomadic raiders of the north. The
nomads fielded tens of thousands of cavalrymen when the
need arose, and they did not suffer the same demands of
supply that imperial armies did.

A later emperor, the Confucian Han Wu-di, retained
both mortal and supernatural advisors. He understood
many of the allusions of the I Ching and was able to
discover important relationships between the elements,
directions, colors and virtues. Han Wu-di followed.a
poetic and symbolic aesthetic in his rule of the empire; he
was truly one of the finest scholar-kings China has ever
seen. Wu-di also staged numerous wildly unsuccessful

Bioop & Six

armed campaigns against barbarians in the unforgiving
high desert of the north, however.

The confederation of nomads that gave the Han such
trouble collapsed around the same time that Han Wu-di
died. Within a short time, those tribes petitioned the
imperial court to allow them to serve as Chinese vassals;
they were accepted, and that allowed the empire to
further reduce its military presence in the north.

Conspiracies and assassinations were the rule of the
day after Wu-di's death; eventually the Imperial Regent,
Wang Mang, usurped the throne and ruled for some 14
years. Wang Mang wasa tireless reformer, endlessly throw-
ing out new schemes in attempts to get the empire to react
more appropriately to its people's needs. He was assassi-
nated during the 14th year of his reign; at this time,
peasant rebels held Changan, and the imperial capital was
relocated to Loyang.

Our kind was very active behind the scenes during
Wang Mang's rule. Various courts and wu supported a
dozen candidates for the throne, yet none were pre-
pared for Wang Mang's death and fell to infighting
when it happened.

We call the period after the relocation to Loyang the
Later Han; it was a time when:scholarship and learning
took the forefront of Chinese culture. Paper was in-
vented during the Later Han — before then, informa-
tion that needed to be recorded for posterity was either
carved into bamboo or painted onto silk. The Later Han
also fought the first conflicts with the Tibetan people
from the high mountains to the west, which would
impact Our own courts.

The first wars with the Tibetans decimated a tribe
favored by Empress Fan of the White Tiger Court. Her
retaliation against the responsible wu — a Yellow Em-
peror Court wu called the Piercing Fists — was swift and
precise. The Yellow Emperor's counter-responseé was
equally swift but absurdly imprecise; his forces lashed out
against shen of all shapes and sizes in the Takla Makan and
the mountains of Tibet. For centuries, the two courts were
in a state of undeclared war, while the Xiong Ren and
other shen of the region struck against all Wan Kuei they
could find. The chaos did not settle down until the
foundation of the Sui dynasty.

A combination of factors destroyed the Han dynasty.
Inner court eunuchs struggled with outer court counselors
and imperial advisors over access to the throne. At the
same time, a peasant revolt led by a group called the
Yellow Turbans marched on Loyang; though they were
put down, the military itself was a tool in this power
struggle. Whenaeunuchassassinated themilitary's impe-
rial leader, the soldiers occupied the capital for years, and
the emperor himself was a virtual prisoner. The empire
spun apart.

The Taree Kingpoms
By the end of the Han, three provinces, Wei, Wu and
Shu Han, had garnered enough influence and loyalty that

Cuarrer Owe: Huncry Deap oF tHe Mippiz Kincpon

they were kingdoms unto themselves. The Kingdom of
Shu Han had been largely self-sufficient before the Han
dynasty collapsed; it had extensive resources and was very
defensible. The Kingdom of Wu, a naval power, con-
trolled much of the southeastern coastline of China and
a fair amount of the Yangtze's length. The Kingdom. of
Wei contained the remnants of the old Han court and
bureaucracy, as well as a large, well-trained army: The
leaders of Wei spent generations attempting to unify the
Three Kingdoms; it took 60 years for them to become one,
in the form of the Jin dynasty. It lasted less than 20 years.

The eastern fragments of the Jin dynasty eventually
led to the reunification of China, but the northern part of
the country split into a handful of warring tribal states
known as the Sixteen Kingdoms of the Five Barbarians.
Jurchens, Tatars, Tibetans, Qidans and other barbarians
dominated these kingdoms. Control over different lands
changed hands dozens of times over the next century.

The chaos of ever-changing sovereignty in the north
concealed an epic series of spirit battles, as a number of
packs of Xiong Ren subdued and chained a Great Dragon
in the forest of the far northern wasteland. This creature
strains at its bonds even today, | am'told.

The Suj Dynasty

The Sui dynasty was founded by a harsh, driven man
named Yang Jian, of the Sui prefecture in the Northern
Zhou Kingdom, some 350 years after the fall of the Han.
He found himself on the throne of Northern Zhou as it
completed its conquest of numerous border states. His rise
to the throne was most auspicious: Mysteriously, some 59
other possible claimants to the Northern Zhou Kingdom
all died at Changan during the three years leading up to
his coronation.

The most important os dbligfinent of the Sui was
the expansion of canals, vastly expanding commerce
between southernand northern China. The Sui dynasty's
second and final emperor, Yang Guang, who had no
compunctions about literally working peasants to death
on the canals, directed this effort. Though the Wan Kuei
found the population's concentration in the northlands
to be particularly useful, the lands of the south were rich

23

and verdant, and the Sui were not foolish enough'to let
them liefallow for long. Certainly the Court of the Scarlet
Phoenix has benefited from the expansion; China's in-
creased commerce with her southern neighbors makes
travel for the Ten Thousand Demons far easier.

From the Commentaries of Juang Guangyao:
Several of Yang Guang'
dragout 2

uals cun alon
hauks toa few Respleudeut Cranes
who wished to lake advantage of their elemental
attiuities. Today, Cranes cau tar more easily
use those lines Hea cau Devil-T1

The Tang Dynasty

Three powerful and charismatic mortals dominated
the Tang dynasty. One of them has since taken the Road
Back from Hell; the others'are lost, living only in the
memories of the mandarins and ancestors.

LiShimin took the throne in Changan after his father
Li Yuan died naturally. Li Yuan, the Duke of Tang, seized
the empire to found the Tang dynasty at the urging of
Shimin, his second son. During his father's reign, Li
Shimin slew his brothers with arrows and had all of their
sons executed, cleverly leaving himself as the only claim-
ant tothe throne. Emperor Li Shimin was a strong-willed
Confucian with firm ideas about a ruler's duty to his
subjects. He perfected many facets of imperial govern-
ment, and his successors spent their entire reigns trying to
match his deeds. Li was fearless and brave and inspired
loyalty in his military leaders by often joining them on the
battlefield. Li Shimin laid the groundwork for more than
a century of prosperity and good times for China.

One of the most brilliant inheritors of his work was a
former chambermaid, Wu Zetian, whosleptand killed her
way to the throne not 50 years after Li's death. She reigned
as the only empress in China's history, and all of the Tang
emperors that followed her were her descendants. When
Emperor Li Zhi died in the 56th year of the dynasty, Wu
Zetian's fourth son was placed on the throne against his
will. Wu's first son had died during Li Zhi's reign, she
commanded her second son to commit suicide (which he
did), and her third son was placed under extended house
arrest after defying her. But Wu could not stand in the
shadows for long; after six years of her son's reign, Wu took
the throne openly.

Empress Wu was hardly secure in her throne; her
secret police killed dozens of princes and potential
claimants, and bronze chests were placed in public
squares for mortals to leave anonymous charges of trea-
son for the secret police to read. But Wu was an effective
empress; China thrived during her reign. Imperial armies
repelled incursions by Tibetans, Turks and Qidans.

Wu's reign may have rated as the pinnacle of the
Tang dynasty; a long, slow decline followed her, punctu-
ated with rebellions by An Lushan and Huang Chao. In
both cases, rebellions took place because the common

Bioop & Six

24

folk grew exasperated with the corruption of imperial _
officials. Finally, the growing independence of various
provinces and the relative weakness of the imperial
court at Changan led to the empire's spiraling off into
many separate kingdoms, each claiming to be the true
inheritor of the Tang dynasty.

Some of the most enlightened Wan Kuei lived
during the Tang dynasty; many of these lived splen-
didly and went to Hell as a result of their conspicuous
excess. Some of these ancestors and mandarins con-
tinue to exist in lush splendor, to show their contempt
for the judgment on their souls; others lead spare
unlives of quiet contemplation, hoping to redeem their
lives' actions.

From the Commentaries of Juang Guangyao:
J sce thal the young student does nol see tit
to reveal that Empress alu took the Road Back;
uetther Au Lushan noc Li Shimin had the wick-

edness aud strength, or so tt would appear. She

has progressed quickly along the Howl of the
ee Spey ans

Devi er Dharma and loday humbly studies
the bodhisattvas of the Shaolin houastery.

Five Dynastjes, Ten Kingpons

After the collapse of the Tang, the forces that tore
the empire apart kept it splintered for more than two
generations. Independent war leaders in the south staked
out their own fiefs and ruled them as personal kingdoms,
while in the northern reaches, five short-lived "dynas-
ties" rose and fell in quick succession.

It was achaotic era and a time full of opportunity for
Wan Kuei; frequent fighting and palace intrigues, com-
bined with a paranoid independence in the south, made
for rich feeding and ample opportunity for influence-
peddling and manipulation.

Some of the most powerful mandarins in modern
Wan Kuei society walked the Road Back during this era;
already adept at the finer points of intrigue, these mon-
sters — such as Kang Liu, now Second Minister of Infor-
mation in the Court of the West, and the Nihonjin Bone
Dancer Atanasu, a renowned necromancer — have rap-
idly learned the fine points of Xue's Dharmic paths.

Tue Song Dynasty

The Song Empire reunified China after two genera-
tions spent divided; the leadership was determined not to
repeat the mistakes that brought the Tang dynasty to its
end. Thus, the Song was a time of philosopher-kings and
poet-lords. The Song military declined in quality evenas
China faced increasingly hostile neighbors, in the form of
the Liao Empire and Xixia, to the north. With the
military in such disrepute, a great rift opened between
soldier and civilian during the Song.

Cuaprex Owe: Hungry Dean oF te Mippir Kingpow

Many modern mandarins lived during the Song dy-
nasty; oftentimes they speak contemptuously of the de-
generacy of the modern age and the fallen empire. One
who manages to get a couple of Yang-drunk mandarins to
talk about "the good old days" is liable to spend atleast an
evening hearing tales of riches and outrageous fortune.

In the 158th year of the Song dynasty, Emperor Zhao
Zi struck upon what he considered to be a brilliant'plan.
He would ally with the Jurchens, a huge tribe of raiders
from the lands north of the Liao Empire. With Chinese
infantry striking northward and Jurchen horsemen driv-
ing south, the Liao Empire would surely crumble. China
would thus gain new territory, lose an increasingly un-
pleasant northern neighbor and build a new border with
this recently discovered ally.

The plan worked too well. Unfortunately for Zhao
Zi, the Jurchens did all of the work. Within seven years,
the Liao had been ground under the hooves of the
Jurchens, who reestablished the state as the Jin Empire.
China's armies seemed content to sit and watch this
happen; they acquired no territory. Jurchens who fought
and died conquering the Liao found the idle Chinese
armies to be worthy only of contempt. Rather than
gaining a grateful young nephew kingdom along its
northeast border, China found itself facing a skilled and
hungry predator.

Tue SoutHern Song Dynasty anp THE
Jin Expire

In the 166th year of the Song dynasty, general
disaster befell the empire, and very particular disaster
befell the royal family. The Jurchens of the Jin Empire
raided southward across the great Hebei Plain and cap-
tured Kaifeng. Zhao Zi had abdicated in favor of his
eldest son, in the hopes of warding off the anger of the
Jurchens, but it was to no avail. China lost its capital
city; the imperial family and more than 3,000 courtiers
and servants were sent northward into Manchuria. Few
were seen again.

Only Zhao Zi's ninth son, Zhao Gou, had managed
to escape this fate; he was in Nanking at the time of
Kaifeng's capture. On hearing of his family's fate, Zhao
Gow declared himself the new Son of Heaven and the
Southern Song dynasty to'be the successor to the Song.
Immediately after his coronation, the young emperor
was on the run. For more than four years, the Jurchens
pursued Zhao Gou through southern China, from Ningbo
to Linan. The lakes, rivers and canals of the southern
empire rendered the normally huge advantage of the Jin
cavalry negligible, and the Southern Song troops were
able to drive the Jurchen back northward. When the Jin
retreated, Emperor Zhao was able to take up residence in
Linan; the assembled court named Linan Xingjai, "visit-
ing headquarters."

Young Wan Kuei— disciples and the youngest jina
— have never known.an era other than this one. They
tend to believe that a divided, half-conquered China is

25

the proper way of things, though some Running Monkeys
support either the Song or the Jin due to lifetime loyalties.

The Comjng DeLuce

Any rational Wan Kuei can see the coming of the
Fifth Age, off in the distance. Not this generation and
not the next one, but perhaps the Fifth Age will greet us
with the grandchildren of today's succulent young in
fants. Dozens of prophecies, short and long, have been
written about the coming Fifth Age — many call it the
Great Flood or the Great Drowning or the Great Con-
quest — and most of them contradict each other. Here
is a small selection:

We will be laid low by the great family of the west; the
tormented blood marriages they create are only pale echoes of
our. own fall, and their jealousy will split the Five.

The Son of Heavenwill ride down from the North; he will
conquer the world with earth, fire and water. Courts will fall;
the Age will tum. Men will die; women and children will wail
before his might and the might of his warriors.

Astorm will come to.the dead; the Yin Realm will shake,
and the Wall will crumble before the storm's howling winds.

A court will tum away from the light of Heaven, and a
great ancestor will fall to the Kings of Hell.

The breath of the heavens shall drown the warriors of
the north.

Pale men from the West will walk in the conquered cities
of the Middle Kingdom; they bring strange gods with them.

A great kingdom will drown; the rivers themselves shall
obey the dictates of the Son of Heaven.

A mountain shall arise under the tomb of the First
Emperor.

A Great Dragon shall awaken in the distant north.

The Beast Courts will make peace with the Courts of
the Dead.

The eldest bodhisattva will be laid to rest.

A mortal kingdom will fall to Yomi Wan.

A desperate lord will once again hurl his kingdom against
asuperior foe; he will die, and his sire will lose the Mandate of
Heaven.

Ten years of drought and pestilence will herald the coming
of the Fifth Age.

Cast out, the bureaucrats of Heaven will form a sixth
Great Court.

Ljre jn SOUTHERN SONG
CHina

Report from Amrat Atansas, a servant of King
Bogabo of the Xixia Beast Courts:

Your Majesty,

Isend you this mail by courier. I trust him implicitly;
he is not loyal to the Song Emperor and his court, and
more importantly for my purposes, he is mute and cannot
read. He has been well paid to bring you this document.

26

None of the information here is secret or hidden from
the general human; indeed, most of it is simply observa-
tion of the humans' activities from day to day. Neverthe-
less, I send it to you as secretly as possible, for I know that
the Dragon's Tear Court, which controls some of the
route between Linan and Xixia, might take exception to
its contents and analysis.

Own THe People anp Tiejr Dajiy Hasjts

The people of Linan and most of the Southern Song
Empire are obsessed with cleanliness and washing to a
degree I find most discomfiting. As you know, my breed —
and by extension, the majority of my kinfolk — prefers to
live in places where creatures such as fleas and lice are
active and healthy. Appreciating as I do the traits of the
people of Xixia, who are bathed twice in their existences
(once after birth, and once after death), I cannot help but
feel repulsed by the water-obsessed southerner. He uses an
inexpensive public bath three times in the cycle of a
month, in brisk cold water— only barbarians and foreign-
ers require warm water — and, occasionally, uses soap to
scrub grime away. Wealthy southerners have baths of
their own; a few eccentric souls even bathe daily. Thank-
fully, the nobility of the imperial court here in Linan,is of
hardy northern stock and does not require such abase-
ments before the god of cleanliness.

It may seem:curious, then, that women of wealth in
Linan go to great lengths to improve what nature has
provided them with. They apply a white layer of makeup
to their faces; they tint their fingernails (and some even
their hands); they even apply oils to their hair, to improve
its luster. Occasionally seen among the wealthiest fami-
lies herein Linan are women with bound feet: The feet are
tightly wrapped from a very young age, giving ladies of the
court a delicate, mincing, feminine stride. Not inciden-
tally, foot-bound ladies of the court are much easier to
catch, should they decide to run from an amorous wererat,
but that is a tale for another day, my liege....

In the matter of clothing: The common folk wear
hempen cloth, while nobles and wealthy merchants wear
silk. On occasion, a fashion, such as parasols, will come
into favor in the court. Typically, such fashionable items
(or fashionable colors, or fashionable head coverings, as
you will have it) are allowed only to certain members of
the court, by imperial decree, but few months pass before
they are seen in the apparel of any of the common folk
who wander by. No man, save the Buddhist monk, walks
the streets with his head uncovered; no man or woman
walks the streets with feet bare. Those Ferocious People I
know with kinfolk among the wealthy (surely none of my
breed, I can assure you) tell me that a man's station and
rank can often be determined solely by looking at his
headgear and footwear. Women do not cover their heads
but carefully adorn their hair with combs and other
trinkets; the placement of these things is considered to be
high art, if the tales are to be believed.


Cuapren Owe: Hungry Dean or te Mippir Kingpow

As an aside, most wealthy men and women wear
girdles — often plated in precious metals, jade or, taste-
lessly, parts of rare animals — outside of their clothing,
and they often tie pouches filled with money to hookson
the girdles. am sure that my lord does not have to work
hisimagination feverishly to consider the vast temptation
and opportunity such an idiotic contraption provides to
my people.

Foop anp Drunk

In this regard, I must respect the humans of China:
They will eat practically anything. Anything within rea-
son, at least — the rumors | have heard of cannibalism
(even cannibalistic restaurants) are unconfirmed and
probably untrue here in the imperial capital. Reports of
cannibalism in the outer provinces during times of famine
are considerably more likely. However, nearly anything
on four legs is fair game in some part of China, and here
in Linan, there are restaurants specializing in the styles of
far-off parts of the empire. Many of those restaurants
hearken back to the style of conquered Kaifeng, the old
capital. Rice makes up the core of nearly every meal here
in Linan, though the proportion of rice in each meal goes
down as the eater increases in status: Rice is seen as filler.

Wine is typically made from fermented soy or rice,
with added spices. Occasionally, traders from the far west
will arrive with wine made from fermented grapes or
dates, and such wines are quite valuable. The only other
beverage of consequence to the humans here is tea, which
produces an euphoric effect in them if drunk in sufficient
quantity. Typically, the stuff is brewed as an excuse to boil
the otherwise putrid water of the area. I have to wonder as
a personal aside here, sire, if the humans would choose to
eat and drink their own excrement, given the chance. For
myself, I do not trouble with tea overmuch; our iron
stomachs resist the rot in the water, and the same quality
of our natures suppresses most of the stimulant in tea.
Therefore, to save time, I simply drink the water dirty.

Fanjiy Retatjons

Perhaps I state the obvious when I say that the family
schemes of the Ferocious People do not match those of
ordinary humans. The apes live among extended families,
except when they live in circumstances forbidding such
arrangements. A single household is likely to hold all
family members of three or four generations. Written laws
as old as the Tang dynasty actually dictate the interaction
between members of the same family: Breaking the bone
of an older cousin holds a more serious punishment than
doing the same'to a younger sibling. This is not, to my
understanding, the case either in Jin or Xixia, where
interactions are more casual between family members, but
the imperial court likes to remind subjects of the Song
dynasty that they inherit a 1500-year-old empire and, as
such, must carry on the traditions passed down.

Like humans everywhere, those in China repro-
duce until the womanis no longer physically capable of

27

bearing young; eight births are not seen as excessive
over a lifetime. There are too many of them, too many
of them everywhere, despite our best efforts to the
contrary. Linan burns easily, sire; it suffers from regular
fires. But they have more children, faster, after losing
them to fire. The only thing likely to stop them is
starvation; when a family is stretched beyond its means
children are aborted with drugs, "washed too long"
immediately after birth or given to the imperial au-
thorities, where they grow up as orphans and often find
work in service of the emperor.

City children are allowed to run free until roughly the
age of seven years. They are rarely threatened or punished
for their misdeeds; in fact, the worst punishment most can
expect to receive is asevere scolding ora scary story about
one of the bogeymen of southern China. I confess that
upon overhearing one of these stories recently I took the
opportunity to briefly play the role of "Big-Eyes Yang," the
monster with the terrible voice. The parent's lesson
seemed quite well ground into the boy within a few short
minutes. Country children have far less freedom, of course,
and are put to work at a very young age, thus offsetting
their cost as another mouth to feed.

Few marriages come about due to an honest expres-
sion of affection between man and woman; those that
do typically happen between youths in the city who are
far from parental judgment and influence. Far more
common is for marriage to be arranged by parents to
provide for an advantageous familial alliance or to
ensure their own upkeep in old age. In the countryside,
these marriages are sometimes arranged when husband
and wife are children; in the city, they are not made
quite so young, but the youths still have little choice in
the matter. In any case, the wife becomes a part of the
husband's family from the time of the wedding cer-
emony onward; even on the death of her spouse, she is
to remain a child of the husband's family, tending to
them in their old age.

Death anp THe Ten THousanp Demons

Most Chinese follow the dictates of Confucius, my
liege. Chief among those dictates is filial piety: the duty of
a child to his parents. This duty continues even after
death — Confucian scholars are quite clear that a sump-
tuous funeral followed by burial in the country is the
proper course of action for a pious child upon the death of
a parent. Funerals, when they do happen, are therefore
vast in scope and quite wasteful in resources. They have
a tendency to render poorer families bankrupt.

Buddhists, by contrast, encourage the poor to cre-
mate the bodies of their departed ancestors. Cremation is
cheaper, and the enlightened Buddhist whose body is
consumed by flame is said to have a greater chance of
passing to the right hand of Buddha, into Nirvana. Here
in Linan, a Buddhist temple maintains a large crematory
oven that pious Buddhists may use to properly dispose of
their ancestors' physical remains.

Perhaps it is no surprise that the Wan Kuei have
taken an interest in this conflict. Though I sometimes
hear rumors to the contrary, it is my understanding that
acorpse gone to ash is of little use to a returning vampire.
A human sufficiently wicked to return from Hell surely
deserves to have no body to return to. We are not certain
what happens to those who return from Yomi Wan to
find only a pile of ashes; perhaps they are doomed to walk
as ghosts. The scholars at my liege's court would know
better; I am but a humble dweller in shadow. We do
know that the existing Wan Kuei here in Linan (and
presumably elsewhere) support the Confucians and en-
courage humans to bury their dead "honorably," even if
such a thing costs their entire savings.

Srasons AND THE Sky

The inhabitants of China see their emperor as the
ultimate lordover all things, including the passage of time
and the seasons. One imagines great hilarity ensuing the
next time the emperor commands the Sun. to remain in
the sky past its appointed hour; remember, this is the same
throne that couldn't keep a few thousand marauding
Jurchens on their side of Kaifeng. But perhaps my bias is
showing a bit too blatantly; shall continue the main
thrust of my narrative.

The emperor and his court create the calendar for
each year; rather than doing something simple, such as
watching for the vernal equinox each year, the Chinese
date the beginning of their year to the second new
moon after the winter solstice. The year therefore
fluctuates wildly in length; there are a dozen extra days
in each year, which every few years are added seemingly
at random to one year or another. I believe this to be
another tool of the imperial court, for without the
calendars they provide to the populace, it would be
impossible for the average person to determine the
start of planting season.

Chinese subjects measure the passage of years over
two cycles: a 12-year cycle based on different animals (rat,
ox, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake, horse, goat, monkey,
rooster, dog, and pig) and a 10-year cycle based on the
elements, with each element getting two consecutive
years: metal, water, wood, fire and earth. Thus it takes 60
years for the entire cycle to repeat itself. This is the Year
of the Fire Snake by their reckoning.

Tue Five Venomous Crearures

The humans of the Song have a curious superstition;
I once imagined that it must come from a perverse
veneration of our undying enemies, the Centipede and
his minions among just city dwellers, but it seems that this
mythologizing occurs throughout China. The Chinese
treat five insect-eating, poisonous creatures with the
greatest respect: Wasp, Toad, Snake, Scorpion and Gen-
tipede. They go so far as to stitch likenesses of these
animals on. their children's clothing. All five of the
Venoms eat insects that often carry diseasey'so these

Bioop & Six

stitchings are thought to repel disease. Additionally, of
course, these creatures are all poisonous to some extent
and, as such, are owed great respect.

Tadmit that there has got to be some relationship to
the great corruptor spirit here: Centipede, Toad and
Scorpion are»often seen as avatars or servants of the
destroyer, despite the respect that Wasp and Snake often
receive. Unfortunately, the Five Venoms are not part of
some state cult that we could ascribe to the influence of
demons; they are a part of ordinary folklore. Again, my
liege, we see part of my reason for writing this letter: There
are wiser minds than my own at your court. Perhaps they
can see the core of this issue.

Aarts anp Lejsure

Ladmit that, as a wererat, I am perhaps less qualified to
speak of fine art than another agent might be. But I plunge
onward, obedient to the dictates of my liege and his
oyersharp dentition,

Chinese painting seems focused on landscapes; in
snooping through nobles' estates, | have seen more
than one beautiful portrayal of the land at dawn or
sunset. The painter Guo Xi spoke of the importance of
accurate depiction of life; he felt that one could nearly
channel Chi through a true artwork. Other painters
spend less time on representation and more time on
evocation and impressions Mi Fu evokes strong emo-
tions through his work, even though the pictures he
presents are in no way realistic.

Asthe civil exams have become more important to
the populace, I have seen. more examples of this "print-
ing" that we have discussed in the past. Instead of
delicately laying down each stroke of a character with
a calligrapher's care, the printer lays wood blocks in
place to represent characters, inks them and presses
them against parchment to create a document asa
whole. Monks have been using this technique since the
early Tang dynasty, I am told, but the tools are becom
ing more widespread. Humans have begun creating
thick treatises on history, science and astronomy; I
daresay this will reduce our ability to keep them under
control as time progresses.

War

The typical member of the Chinese Army is a
peasant; those born to nobility often become officers,
but most of them lack the physical build and martial skill
to thrive as a soldier. The peasant, by contrast, has
worked hard his entire life, and unlike the child of
privilege who spends his time at chess or calligraphy, his
youthful playtime was spent in mock battles, playing
with toy swords or spears.

The Chinese are quite advanced in terms of arms.
Song dynasty China takes advantage of gunpowder, which
it invented 200 years ago. The Chinese have been using
explosives in warfare since the wars with the Jin in the
early Southern Song. They have explosive devices with a

Cuaprer One: Huncry Dean oF THe MjppLe KinGDoH

lit fuse, which can be hurled at an enemy; when the fuse
teaches the core of the device, it explodes with a flash and
a loud noise, sending shards of hot broken metal in all
directions. Such things are exceptionally useful against
unprepared cavalry, and we have learned that they also
work well against the Wan Kuei.

In terms of personal weaponry, as we know, the
Chinese have used the crossbow as their primary missile
weapon since before the Qin unification. Larger, long-
range repeating crossbows on solid bases — impressively
useful against berserk shen if the bolts have been properly
treated — have been in place since the early Han.
Catapults and giant crossbows are the most important
heavy weapons available on the battlefield. The armies
of the Southern Song can field huge mounted composite
crossbows operated by up to 100 men. They have arange
of 200 yards. Catapults, even larger, are operated by up
to 250 men and use clay and stone projectiles or burning
ammunition. These sorts of things are rarely useful in my
day-to-day life, but one imagines that it is good to
remember that the Song can bring such things to bear if
the need arises.

Also, the Chinese navy is a rather impressive fleet.
I admit that my experience with: boats is relatively
limited, but I am told that several of my great-grandpar-
ents spent much of their time aboard Chinese naval
vessels and those that could speak shared interesting
tales. Modern Chinese naval vessels can carry more than
1,000 people when they need to transport troops from
one place to another, and they mount "rockets" for
defense against foreign navies. These devices are tube-
shaped stacks of gunpowder; they can be aimed at a
distant boat and litaflame. They then propel themselves
to the target and explode most spectacularly. Vessels
belonging to particularly well-connected merchants have
also been seen with these rockets mounted prominently;
no doubt their presence discourages pirates. And 1imag-
ine that it is only a matter of time before the pirates
themselves attach rockets to their ships in order to
maintain the balance of power.

Lazor

The imperial warlords are clever as all monkey-folk;
they never tire of finding new ways to get more work from
asingle man. Travelers speak of new farming methods and
expanded cultivation of the lands to the south; this
expansion has begun to push against the kingdom of
Angkor, but as yet, there remains peace between the two.
Manor-bound peasants farm rice in ever-wet fields now,
and a strain of rice has been developed which matures in
winter, letting two harvests occur each year.

The state as a whole has become more concerned
with earning money and making a profit than with filial
piety, respect to the emperor and so on. It is hardly
Confucian. Admittedly; sire, other than my great respect
and loyalty to you, | am hardly Confucian myself.

29

ConcLusjon

It is my fervent wish, sire, that the information:
included herein will prove of use to you in upcoming
campaigns against the forces of the south. I myself intend
to return to your court before the year is out, after my
business in Linan is complete. Should you require further
service of me, you know that the slightest hint ofa request
ang] from on high.
your obedient servant,

aN SAS

hubei of Linan

BEYonp THE Empjre

Report from Zeng Zhixin, Eastern Serpent of the
Flying Wheel Wu.

The Middle Kingdom is a vast place; the influence
of the great Chinese empires can be felt from the Indus
to Kamakura and from Pyongyang to the Thai jungle.
The Wan Kuei stalk the nights of all this land; while we
are by no means all-powerful masters of all we survey,
ancestors wield great power over individual cities and
regions, and merchants, aristocrats and even imperial
advisors are hard-pressed to avoid our influence.

The Song dynasty rules China now. China has stood
at the center of political activity in Asia for as longas even
the arhats can remember. Our capital city is now the
beautiful and rich Linan, but the imperial court calls
Linan Xingjai, "visiting headquarters": The mortals in-
tend to retake Kaifeng from the Jin. The history of
hundreds of years and the tombs of dozens of emperors are
in Kaifeng, after all. But for now, the mortals rest and
gather their armies in defense and attend sumptuous
parties and court functions.

As much as the residents of Linan would like to deny,
lands beyond their control continue to thrive. I humbly
suggest that the ancestors of our courts do not repeat mortal
errors and that they remain aware of events beyond China's
borders. I gladly share the fruits of my travels and discus-
sions with other travelers.

The NortHern Kingpoms:
Xjxja AND Jin

Only a century ago, the Tibetans of the Empire of
Xixia and the Qidans of the Empire of Liao were client
states of the Song Chinese. The eye blinks, the world
changes: The nomadic Jurchen peoples conquered the
Liao, and now, their Jin Empire stands in its place. Indeed,
Jin has conquered much of Koryo and northern China,
and Xixia now pays tribute to the Jurchen leaders.

The two northern empires have a number of similari-
ties. The dominant peoples of both are descendants of
rugged, horse-riding nomads who have settled down to
take advantage of agriculture but who maintain a strong
cavalry tradition. And both have defeated the troops of

sma py Meee

BAY OF
BENGAL

the Song Chinese on the field'of battle numerous times
over the last few decades.

But Xixia is on the decline; its ruling class has inter-
married with the Jin rulers, and as the smaller and weaker
of the pair, it acknowledges the Jin emperor's supremacy.
Little of Xixia is suitable for cultivation, so the curious
mishmash people there — part Turk, part Tibetan, part
Uighur — breed cattle and serve as merchants. Scores of
caravans from the Song and Jin to points further west pass
through the Xixia capital of Ningxia every day.

Jin has a large bureaucracy and a multicultural popu-
lation; at the present time, it enjoys peaceful relations
with all of its neighbors. The Jurchen overlords of the
empire maintain a capital at Liaoyang. By far the largest
group living in the empire is Chinese, not Jurchen.
Chinese manners, speech and script have begun to infil-
trate even the imperial court, despite repeated imperial
proclamations of the superiority of the Jurchen way of life.

Nitton

Nihon, a kingdom made up of a large chain of
islands east of China and Koryo, is still cleaning up
after a recent war between two of its most powerful
noble families. This conflict, called the Gempei War,
came about due to the crumbling influence of the
Nihonjin Emperor. The dominant family at the impe-
rial court, the Fujiwara, lost power steadily as other
influential families married in and diluted the power of
the core Fujiwara line. Until about 10 years/ago, the

SOUTHERN
SONG
(CHINA)

Ss =
-

-
Pee er
JIN EMPIRE

4y-

PEKING

NIHON

A

KAMAKURA

FAST
SEA

al
PYONGYANG

PACIFIC
OCEAN

lynasty, a number of Per-

ithe dictatexet the Torah trav-

‘as far as Kaifeng. These Jews —

1 as Rha — were silk traders familiar
e long toad to the West. For reasons lost to

a ge they:chose to settle permanently in

venth generation of their de-

D dans live s there and scrupulously maintains

tra from the West. Their faith is

ot t incompatible with many of the tenets of Con-

ianism, and they have recently been'permitted

to build a synagogue in the e city, providing they
"obey: the'same féstrictions as any other temple.

Taira branch of the Fujiwara dominated the court, but
across the island in Kamakura, the Minamoto branch
gathered sufficient influence to itself that Minamoto-
no-Yoritomo was declared shogun, supreme military
commander of Nihon; the power to select successive
shoguns was at the core of the Gempei War-
Overthe last half-century, the Taira and Minamoto
families assumed increasing importance in the prov-
inces. The Minamoto family owns the Kanto Plain in
which Kamakura sits; the Taira, relative newcomers to
the Nihonjin imperial court in Kyoto, gained the pa-
tronage of several retired emperors and saw their star rise
in Court appropriately. Indeed, provincial nobility has a

Cuaprern One: Hungry Dean oF THe Mjppir Kingpow

far greater say in imperial politics now than it did 20
years ago, and local nobility is far more likely to carry its
own military authority.

As power began to drift away, quarrels erupted
among the various factions of the court. Various Shinto
and Buddhist temples of the island nation competed
with the retired emperors, who in turn struggled with the
royal family and provincial nobility. Each faction de-
sired a voice in the affairs of state, and it is obvious in
retrospect that such factionalism would leave Nihon
dangerously weak. One provincial noble, Taira-no-
Kiyomori, took advantage of this chaos to maneuver his
infant grandson onto the throne some 17 years ago.

Kiyomori reigned in the infant Emperor Antoku's
place, and even when the boy was old enough to speak, it
was clear that Kiyomori held the power. And he did not
wield it subtly. Within several months of Antoku's birth,
noble houses of the Kanto Plain, led by the Minamoto
family, took up arms against the Taira family.

Heavily armed and armored noble warriors fought
the Gempei War; one might see massed clashes of

peasant troops, but pairs of samurai standing across a
few feet of dirt from each other often settled battles.
The honorable lone samurai motif has since become an
important part of Nihonjin art and storytelling. The
strength of this image was compounded by the differ-
ence between the courtly, mannered Taira and the
wilder, rough Minamoto.

Taira-no-Kiyomori died a year into the war; the Taira
faction was already on the defensive by this point, and the
Minamoto and their allies pressed westward across the
island for the next two years.

Two years after Kiyomori's death, Minamoto-no-
Yoshitsune led the warriors of the Kanto Plain in a
series of stunning victories. Eventually, the Taira forces
and their allies were driven from Kyoto and out onto
boats on the inland sea. There, ships friendly to the
Minamoto attacked in force, sinking nearly all of the
enemy vessels. It was only after the battle was over that
the Minamoto learned that young Emperor Antoku
was aboard one of the sunken vessels and that he
drowned during the fighting.


32

ord, one of the

nial regalia, ‘was ©

4 f
vennow,: several houses of Nihonjin
itions to the Yin Realms to
the blade from its watery grave.
h it is not ‘obviously magical, the sword's
vith the Imperial House in Kyoto
i of its own."And
, itis a powerful
over

Bito, like most
finding magic
of great senti-

s W cthey do finding i
tal value. Onthe other hand, itmay still be on
floor of the ocean, or it ‘may have found a

place in one of the Yin Realms. The Wa-
mF Yi ma' obvious, but
ly any Yin Realm could contain the los *

A new Nihonjin emperor, Gotoba, has since been
crowned. The new emperor, however, owes considerably
more tothe Minamoto family than his predecessor did. The
imperial court at Kyoto has lost a great deal of its practical
influence; the administrative headquarters that Minamoto-
no-Yoritomo set up at Kamakura during the Gempei War
nowservesas general administrative headquarters for much
of the imperial government.

Minamoto-no-Yoritomo became shogun after the
war. Governmental authority has been greatly spread out;
the individual samurai, aided and overseen by military
governors (shugo) and military land stewards (jito), have
a great deal of personal power. And most of them are
personally loyal to the aged Yoritomo.

Yoritomo remains shogun, with roughly 2,000 noble
houses supporting him. He is old, and though he did not
fight actively during the Gempei War, the conflict has
clearly taken a toll. His wife Masako looks after him and,
on occasion, makes a trivial decision on his behalf when
he is too tired to be awakened. Neither of his sons appear
worthy of the role of shogun, and he had potential
challengers in his close family killed years ago, to ensure
his own power.

Bioop & Six

Manydisciples and jina among thegaki (as Nihonjin
vampires call themselves) took the Second Breath dur-
ing the Gempei War. These men are honor-bound and
skilled warriors, despite their sentence to Hell. In many
cases these gaki were bushi (minor nobility and warriors)
in life who'committed a single act of dishonor and were
slain immediately thereafter. Such a stain on the soul
dragged them. directly to one of the Nihonjin Hells;
whether the Second Breath renewed their code of honor
or showed that code to be a fool's restraint varies from
vampire to vampire. Generally, any renewed honor and
loyalty is directed toward their uji, a clan of gaki akin to
an extended wu.

Koryo

Koryo, that peninsula between Nihon and China, is
an exciting place to spend time these days. Sinjong of the
royal house of Wang sits on the throne, but he does so at
the leisure of the most »powerful man on the Koryo
Peninsula, General Ch'oe Ch'ung-hon. Ch'oe took power
alongside his brother Ch'oe Ch'ung-su just last year after
killing the tyrant Yi Ui-min; Ch'oe Ch'ung-su has re-
cently vanished, leaving Ch'oe Ch'ung-hon as sole ruler,
in fact, if not in name.

And so it has gone for the past 25 years: A group of
military leaders seize power, the group's members vari-
ously murder each other until only one remains, and then,
that one is killed and replaced by a new group. The royal
family has tried to remain distant from the actual blood-
letting, but it has done little good; most of the military
tulers attempt to set up puppet kings in the time between
their consolidation of power and their assassination.

Mandarins and jina of the Azure Dragon Court
speak of the military's degraded status in decades past,
and Pak Ulchin of the Transcendent Mountains wu
writes that the current tumult is a response to the poor
status of the soldier under mostly civilian rule. However,
that is largely immaterial; at the present time, the
military reigns supreme over the Kingdom of Koryo.
Soldiers enjoy high status, and civil bureaucrats defer to
them in matters of governance.

Ch'oe has slowly subverted the order of the military
in Koryo. The Six Divisions of the Koryo Army are loyal
first to the king and, then, to their officers. Ch'oe has not
attempted to subvert that loyalty — or perhaps he has and
failed quietly. Ch'oe Ch'ung-hon has built up his personal
guard to become far larger than the Six Divisions, and
Ch'oe's personal guard is loyal to him first. With the slow
disintegration of the regular army, most able-bodied men
join Ch'oe's huge "personal guard" or the Elite Patrols.

The Elite Patrols are a combination of the Night
Patrols and the Army of Transcendent Righteousness.
The Night Patrols are made up of dozens of "watches"
whose job it is to break up bands of roving nighttime
hooligans among other elements of the military. In effect,
the Night Patrol has takenyon the role of the police in

Cuarrer Owe: Hungry Deap oF THe Mippur KinGpow

many,of the large towns of Koryo. Since a vile series of
tapes and murders by a wu of'akuma across Pyongyang,
Wan Kuéi of Koryo have noticed special watches among
the Night Patrols that ‘are populated entirely by che
Children of Yi; such groups bear careful observation from
a great distance. By contrast to the order-keeping Night
Patrol, the Army of Transcendent Righteousness is a
combat force composed of skilled veteran warriors: For
most purposes, the Army of Transcendent Righteousness
acts as Koryo's true national army.

With the new supremacy of the military,in Koryo,
scholars have found themselves without bureaucratic and
courtly jobs. Some have retired to the countryside, to act as
monks, itinerant poets or even to join the peasant life;
others have applied to serve the house of Ch'oe directly.
They communicate among themselves with some_fte-
quency, sharing poetry, prose and ideas.

s didn't exist until
successor, | Ch'oe 4

-Sorto hing ogee evolve more quickly in the
World of Darkness that it is appropriate for it to

" little earlierthere thanitwould in our world.
of the*other details of this section-#emain

Chioe'Ch' ‘ung-hon did use private forces
hi power atthe expense of the

jolster
ingdom as a whole. If the Blite-Patrols give the
ore authenticity-minded améng players and Sto-

tytellers fits, they hereby receive Sanction to excise
"them fromtheif Blood & Silke chronicle.

jNDja

The lands of India»beyond the Himalayampeaks,
are quiteidifferent fromthose we know in China. Wan
Kuei take the second.breath there as wellj*but, they
seem far from the heart of Grand Arhat Xte's,teach-
ings..Herétical and foreign' teachings are common in
the lands that birthed the Buddha. My own experi-
encés.inIndia are minimal, but I have traveled with a
native of that region.wh6' now walks the heretical
Temipest of Inward Focus Dharma. The following ac-
count, I derive from' his, words.

When the August Petsonage of Jade levied his judg-
mentagainst the Wan Xian, the people of India were left
to their own devices. Unfortunately, after centuries of
immortal warlords andattacks by enraged Ferocious People,
thosedevices consisted of crude implements of stone and
copper. It was more tharia millennium before the cultures
of India®rose again from the plains and*jungles — but
when they did, they would be the productsiof humanity's
own designs.


The arrival of the Aryans mo
woke the Immortals, now the Ten F
from their somnolent state. The inv
them a religion, their gods and the concep
which bound religion inextricably to the society.

could hold which occupations. This stability 4
course, helped to ensure the privileges of the hig
castes. The caste system consisted of four overall castes, kifeatto Brakmian'control would not come from

each including numerous and ever-evolving subcastes, outside. Chandragupta's grandson Asoka, proclaimed his |

arranged in the following order of status: the Kshatriya, conversion to Buddhism on the very evening of his
the warriors; the Brahman, the priests; the Vaisya, the greatest military victory, the conquering of the final
cultivators; and the Sudra, the servants and laborers. unbowed rival in India. Scholars poi erceness of
Those outside the caste system are referred to as Pariah__ the battle and the incrediblenumb ;
(this includes both the unclean and foreigners). Almost )6#his conversion; by som:
as quickly as this system crystallized, the brahmans the swo fan Kuelecho!
realized ghefpowergto be had at the top of the caste natural visitSfrom Ka

ubverted the Kshatriya by claiming the oro

struct \
ole abil rytoc ifer the vine
kings and he ni:

positions in their
adition. a Maurya B
Demons adapted themselves > weight after Asoka's des
c ructure o Such @va

power and status},

fe loathe to give up wea . Following the
contemplation and gdoms iofsouthecnindia were for

the Flame of the the fj dant. Those kingdoms exist even
of the Five August tod ay, of, Hoysalas, Yadavas, Kakatiyas

and Che:

In the north in the last century, four families of
Rajput clan vied for geographical dominance an

ted such power in death, possession of the region's leading city, Kanauj.

servitude. These powerful families of the Rajput clan claim the name Agniki

e Wan Kuei were a caste to Fire Family, descendents of a mythical figure of fire
emerged from the sacrificial fire pits of
Skeptics posit that the story is an atte:
family to establish a mor p

power of the individual de-

Aryan kings and their dynasties, and those of other
invaders and tribes, rose and fell. The teachings of the
Buddha inspired those Wan Kuei who had rejected
Hindu philosophy. The adoption of the theologically
harmonious Tempest of Inward Focus Dharma (again,
which we brand heretical in our supposed wisdom) and
the resurrection of Grand Arhat Xue's Path of a Thou-
sand Whispers were obvious rejections of those who
would be Brahmans among the undead; this decision
created a clear division in Wan Kuei society, forcing the
formation of clearly defined courts based on both geog-
raphy and Dharmic adherence.

of strength. This cc

the clan unable to

replaced the occasiona
bing raids with a co:

g S 0 jungles south of the
with the help of military advice and ba g a e reely at I am unfamiliar
Brahman vampire, Kautalya. The young king ? 0 he lands of the Scarlet 4
talent for leadership, combined with Kautalya : p OI W e Kuei are. As the
i i uence southward,


Cuapren Owe: Hungry Drap oF Tue Mippir Kingpow

the Scarlet Phoenix Wan Kuei engage in twilight war
against the Yellow Emperor's servants to keep their lands
from coming undér the subjugation of the Han.

T do know that major cities of the south include
Sukhothaiythe center ofa burgeoning kingdom ofitsown;
Angkor, the capital of the Khmer Empire; and the center,
of the' Dai Viet, Hue. I have heard that Angkor hosts a
major new temple complex, Angkor.Thom, built by
Jayayarman, the Buddhist Emperor of the Khmer, to
Overshadow an older Hindu temple complex called Angkor
Wat. As for the Dai Viet, it was once a partof China; it
became independentafter the fall of the Tangdynasty and
currently resists further encroachment by the embattled
Southern Song.

Fajtr anp REIjGjon

Just as it is wise to know the affairs of mortal kings, so
it is wise to know those of mortal monks and scholars.
Several faiths dominate the mortals of the Middle King
dom, and.even we Wan Kuei cannotyentirely, escape
religious influence. Many of us choos@our Dharmic path.
as an extension of the faith we praéticed in life; just as
many choose our Dharma in responiséto the failures of the
faithvof our sunlit days.

Buppijsm (jupja, Cua, Koryo, Nixon)

Siddhartha GautamaBuddha, the Enlightened One,
founded his religion with asermon entitled The Turning
of the Wheel of Law and five disciples. From this humble
beginning grewya religion that would spread from his
native India to all of the Middle Kingdom. That first
sermon contained the core of his philosophy, the Four
Noble Truths: The world is fulliof suffering, suffering is
caused by human desire,.renunciation of desire is the
‘way to salvation, and the way to salyationy nirvana, is
the Eightfold Path. Theistrictures of the Bightfold Path
aré difficult for humans,andinearly impossible for,vam-
pires; therrigor of adhering to the tenets of right knowl-
edge, righitaspitation, rightspeech, right béhavior, right
livelihood, right effort, rightmindfulness andrright medi-
tationrequire the full, undistracted focus of the body and
mind. he Buddha rejected the Brahmans' emphasis on
ritual sacrifice as an ummécessary distraction and like-
wise rejected the caste system. The wisdom and open
nature of his teachings brought him astounding numbers
of followers in a veryyshort time, especially from those
castes that were repressed or undervalued in the tradi-
tional system.

‘Wan Kuei find much to ponder in the Buddha's
teachings"The FoutNoble Truths re very clearly and
personally true for many of us, and the*Bightfold Path
simplifies much of Grand Athat Xue's wisdom. The teach-
ings oftthe immortal "Arhat are rich and.détailed, full of
nuance. The Buddha's lectures, meant forhuman ears, are
Necessarily easier to,assitnilate. WarKuei scholars dis-
agtee on the extent to which Buddhism has affected and
changed the Fivefold'Way, the core of Wan Kuei wisdom,

butallagree that someideas took root. Unfortunatelyythe
simple understanding achieved through the teachings of
another does not grantenlightenment.

Buddhism spread to Chitia with the trade goods
carried.onithe Silk Road;,A. Tang dynasty monk, Xuan
Zhang, traveled to India to spend 18 years studying in'
the monasteries and Buddhist‘universities. On his re/
turn, the Big Goose Pagoda was constructed in Changan'
to house the copious volumes of sutras he brought for
translation. From China, Buddhism spread through Koryo
to Nihon. At each step, local philosophy and religion
made their mark, giving rise to a multitude of schools
and sects.

Conrugasjse (Crna)

Confucianismiis one of the oldest religions in China;
it is*named for its creator, Kung Fuxi, or "Confucius."
Confucianism is built on.several tenets: first, that the god
of Heaven creates humans.and that they are inherently
good as created unless acted upon by pernicious influ-
ences. Second, that the godiof Heaven is all-knowing and
all-séeing: No actof wickedness or evil can be committed
that he does not bear witness to. Sins against Heaven are
Seen as the worst kindof wickedness; when one has sinned
against Heaven, there is»no one left to turn to. Third,
knowledge' is seenyas the key to virtue and morality;
indeed Confucius saw it as impossible for a person to be
truly‘moral unless théy*were also well educated. Lastly,
Confucianism holds'four. virtues above all others: sincer-
ityybenevolence, filial piety and propriety.

Fewtrulypious Confucianists take the Second Breath;
it would seem that their morality saves them froma trip to
Yomi. Casual Confucianists occupy an ever-growing frac-
tion of Wan Kuei society, however, and some of our
number acquire Confucian ideals after taking the Second
Breath. Confucian behavior and attitudes have been a
part of Chinese culture for so long now that it is truly the
norm, even among the Hungry Dead.

Devorjonar Cuts (jnpja anp EisewHere)

Personal worship also provides satisfaction for some
Wan Kuei. Devoted worshipers see the god of their
choice as benevolent, approachable and attentive. These
worshipers form cults around charismatic saints, who
compose and sing hymns depicting the gods as friends,
companions or even lovers. These cults are most com-
monamong the mortals of India, but the hungriest of the
dead have established cults of their own across the
Middle Kingdom.

The Indian Vaishnava and Saiva cults, devoted re-
spectively to Vishnu and Shiva, are the most socially
respected, but smaller cults devoted to all manner of gods
also flourish. Ambitious Wan Kuei establish cult follow-
ings, whether they believe themselves to be gods or
merely wish that it were so. The benefits are obvious: a
constant supply of Chi, resources and protection. The
drawback is a lack of Dharmic progression for those who

follow the Fivefold Way of Grand ue
that these "Godlings" have forged their ov
Dharmic path known as the Face of the God:
doomed to failure.
The Wan Kueiaré not the only ones who take
of gods. Any of the shen are able to trick an und
mortal. The most dangerous situation for bystan
vampires and cultists arises when a minion of aria
Kings hides behind the mantle of divinity. Particularly ituals of purification, offerings and prayers to
crafty recruiters of akuma pose as the god the target wa shrines and other sacred sites. Shintoists
devoted to in life. fete that death is inherently evil and therefore things
connected to death, such as funerals, attract too many evil
Neo-Conruganjsm (Cejna) spirits to be a proper part of Shinto, Therefore, most
Neo-Confucianism is less a religion than a philoso- Shintoists have Buddhist ra
phy, a synthesis of Buddhist, Taoist and Confucian phi- The precise nature of
losophies; it embraces the Eightfold Path to Righteous-")6figreat debate among tho ‘ :
ness, the Tao and the principle of filial piety, all in a vast ~Thrashitig,Drag it
f "i, astern rationalist, leads the modern _ as been explai , Miiinclude a wide Velie
spirits b another. Most are
Yin spirits are

g a edness i is caused by the
vil spirits, which can be avoided or driven

ot. contain much origina
past lines of thought in new wa)
he goodness of human natu!

tion.thro g

road") is the core of Taoist
been a part of g Q éénter of all things, a force
i {an dynasty, only a e Tao embraces duality in
eity's death on Earth. They are opposition re 2 without death; there is no
bers, however; currently, the light without darkness; there is no male without fema
mall group that follows the The light, life-filled, male force is known as Yang, wl
er named Nestorius, once its opposite is Yin. However, the Taoist does no
brace one while scorning the other: He knows tha

g Christians I have managed to
speal rius held that their deity — known as
"Jesus Christ" — was one, indivisible in his person, but
containing two natures, one human and one divine.
This belief — despite it's interesting parallels to the
divisions in our own fallen souls —was not welcomed by
other Christians and led to factionalism and dismay.
Nevertheless, these Nestorians apparently sent a
mission toward the capital, Changan, in the time of
Tang dynasty. Emperor Li Yuan issued an imperial edict
stating that this faith of the Westerners could be prosely-
tized throughout his empire without interference. In the
present day, Nestorian Christians are quite rare in the
Middle Kingdom, but larger towns and cities may well
host such a church.

Suynro (NjttoN)

Shinto is an ancient, animistic faith.
scripture; its tenets are pe from pri

the Sui dynasty, the d
religion in China, ani

=
&
4

eI

YELLOW EMPEROR SEA

al
DEHILLIKA

WHITE
TIGER
COURT

CALCUTTA

BAY OF BENGAL

INDIAN OCEAN

I hope the foll6wing observations on our own lands will
be as useful.

The shen of the Middle Kingdom live in a different
world than the mortals do. This statement can be taken
both literally and*figuratively: Wan Kuei, Ferocious
People, hsien and ghosts can all cross the Wall that
separates the physical from the spiritual;/but it is true in
al deeper sense as well, A depth of experience, simply
unavailable to the peasant farmer runs through every
night ofa Wan Kuei's unlife. For us, there isno'mindless
toil, no pointless obséquies to faraway imperial lords.

Tue North

Ghostlands, emptyplains and haunted forests domi-
nate the northern reaches of the Middle Kingdom. It is
not a welcoming plaée for the young Running Monkey;
take heed.

Qin Shihuangdi's Great Wall crosses the dragon
track that runs from Nihon'to Lake Tianchi here in the
northlands, and as a result, there are a few Chi pools near
the wall;these arenot truly dragon nests, but such a great
edifiéé)pushes the Chi flowinto minor, transitory eddies
from time to time. Thesé*eddies are occupied by Chi-
hungry spirits or Wan.Kuei almost from the time they
comeinto being; fortunate indeed is the young vampire
who finds one unprotected.

Numerous Beast Courts dot the northlands; the Mon-
golian Plateau is'télatively unpopulated by Mortals and,

37

AZURE
East DRAGON
© \court.

KALFENG
YELLOW

PACIFIC
OCEAN

From the Commentaries of Juang Guangyao:
A word of caution: Au unprotected Chi pool
sometimes stands barren tor a reason; these
things may provide coccupled Chi to the unwary.
The Boue Dancers J speak to suggest thal this
ts duc to the horrific ualure of death for man
¢ the euslaved builders of the Sreat aJall.
Ap aceutly, savahe and vengeful ve luck
sie parts of the alall Heel tee Ing on this

coccupled Chi.

therefore, is a popular range for werewolves and their
cousins. The greatest Beast Court in the north is the Tatar
Beast Court, which controls the terrain around a rich
dragon nest at the heart of a vast prairie.

Far in the distant north, beyond the barbarians'
plateau, near the center of a great forest, li eping and
bound one of the Great Dragons. A Tengu raven-talker
has told me that the First Spirit Chainer of the Tatar Beast
Court has begun to speak openly of his worry that the
dragon might awaken and attempt to free itself; the sorts
of bindings his own many-times-great-grandfather used to
subdue the creature were only expected to last for a
millennium. Apparently, he seeks a party of brave Fero-
cious People to strengthen or replace the bonds — and
guard against any Wan Kuei who might take advantage of
the dragon's restlessness.


It would be irresponsible of

of corrupted Chi sites on the barba " =,
These black dragon nests bubble up'out of th sla
fester for a few months or years and then are d ; r
simply fade away. The Black Tortoise Court was once
responsible for the destruction of these nests, but in rec
years, that duty has fallen by the wayside. Now,«the
Ferocious People hunt corrupted nests when they'do no
hunt Wan Kuei.
The taint in the northern soil is far older than the

sack of Kaifeng. It reflects a clash with long-dead
barbarians from the West.

The Brack Torrojse Courr
The Court of the Black Tortoise controls the lands
north of the Jin and Xixia Empires, as well as the northern"
reaches of the Jin. Currently, warlike nomads, who are
divi n re than a dozen relatively minor tribes,

e Song and Jin do their best to

le e a
e tribes; for

rt is the most Braeely poy

close to the

are reborn, the
ortoise do not build
ourt meets twice a month (on
at_a location described by the
ets on nights of the full and
Of the Court almost always
Ven in the worst of weather; in
for Black Tortoise Wan Kuei to
for extremes of weather. they smile knowingly when the subject comes up. The
e leaders of the Jurchen tribes who conquered _bodhisattva Pu Shoukeng confronts vias
the Empire of Liao to form the Jin Empire owed some _ the question of what they
of their allegiance to the mandarins of the Black Tor- a king that could stradd
toise Court, but in recent years, many tribes have cut @ mortal could never
their Wan Kuei ties. :
The Bright Forest wu knows a dhampyr within one
tribe, the Tanguts. This dhampyr speaks of other vam-
pires who run in the night and sometimes feed on the
Tanguts. They call themselves Anda, a name that
means "blood brother" among some tribes. These Anda
may be akuma; they may be something else entirely.
They claim to come from the west, past the Takla
Makan Desert.
More than one Wan Kuei has told me of his d
take a tribe of mortals and lead them into a
there to form a new kingdom, someday té cha
the south. Most of these vampire

uprisings and nobles'
Nihon and Koryo,
even the Jin Empire.
In Nihon, the.

ick their respec-
of the Wan Kuei, to

‘Cuapren Out: Hungry Deap or tur Mipour Kingoow

assimilate new numbers from the mortal dead in the
Gempei War. :

Several dragon linés cross the Sea of Nihon, connect-
ing dragon nests on the Nihonjin islands with others'in
Koryo andthe Jin Empire}, one notable dragon track
directly connects the Mount Fuji nest with Lake Tianchi,
@ powerful\site across the Takla' Makan Desertsin the
Court of the White Tiger.

Another strong dragon nest lies on the northern
iSland of Hokkaido, in and around the .yolcanic area
known to the Nihonjin as Jigokudani, "Hell Valley."
Pools of water run boiling-hot in Jigokudani/éyen in the
depths of winter; the Hakken werewolves of Ainu stock
are very strong there.

A relatively small nest sits near the peak of Mount
Hiei; it is quietly dominated by a wu of Inward Focus
Dharma Bishamon. The dragon nest on Mount Hiei isnot
particularly powerful, nor do many dragon lines pass
through it, but Enryakuji Monastery om,Mount Hiei is
home to skilled, armed monks and gave shelter to'the
Cloistered Emperor during the Gempei, Wars.

The Azure Dragon Court

The" Court of the Azure Dragon' splits along two
Political axes. Firstiissthesthree-way split between the gaki
of Nihonjthe Wan Kuei of Koryo and its surroundings and.
the "impetial" Wan-Kueisfrom further southwest; each of
these groups of undead have vastly different traditions and
history from the others!

Gaki factions are known as uji; rather than organize
themselves along court or Dharmic lines, the vampires
of Nihon see themselves as extended) families. The
greatestiof these uji is House Bishamion, an ancient and
noble group consisting of,gaki from most of the major
cities of /Nihon. Two minor wi — House Genji and
House'Hiyorumi — have. increased in size asia result of
the Gempei War. Theyeldérs of Bishation,—=which
dwarfs both Genji and:Hiyorumi — confidently believe
neitherinor house to besa'threat. The gaki'ateimward-
looking, content to tend.t6 Nihon to the €Xelusion of
the resti6fthe Azure Dragon Court.

The Wan Kueiof Koryo/have much more'in com-
mofilwith those fromthe Song dynasty or the Jin Empire,
a8 there is fargreater comffiérce and travel among these
neighboring states. Though there is not infinite trust
among the wu of the Koryo Peninsula, a recently signed
treaty known as the Agteement of Three holds great
promise. In it, the Wan Kuei of Koryo agree that trade
and.commerce between vampires of the mainland and
those of Nihon is désirable; since both sides depend on
the,vampires of the peninsula for safe travel, signers of
the agreement aresure to.carnplenty.of profit in jade and
Slaves! This profit lets the vampires of Koryo pay greater
attention to their primary problem: the Ferocious People
of thejungles, who-hold many sacred'Ghi sites that the
Wan Kuei desire.

39

Meetings of the East Court in Pyongyang are rather
tense affairs. Matters of protocol'and etiquette aré'care-
fully measured. Ifthe Tenth Golden Wind of Seoul speaks,
to the Celestial Blade of Hotise Genji with his head
inclined' Only slightly, he. may be» offering a deliberate
insult to the Celestial Blade, or he may misunderstand his
status relative to the Nihonjitw@r it may be that he'
understands his status relative to the islander, but that
Koryo tradition has it that he should not show as*much:
respect to the Celestial Blade as Nihon tradition might
enforce.

Thankfully for the peace of the court, neither the Wan
Kuei of Koryo nor those from the islands dominate here;
after politicak disagreements erupted into open warfare a
few decades ago, several mandarins from the Courts of the
Yellow Emperor and the Black Tortoise migrated east.
Afterletters and conversation urging reconciliation failed,
the western mandarins.actéd'to end the hostilities. They
dispatched agents of theirown.to remove the most trouble-
some.ofthe Seoul and)Pyongyang wu while attacking the
material resources (land, servants and soon) of the Nihonjin
vampires. The western mandarins have largely been suc-
cessful; if nothing else, vampires of Koryo and Nihon both
sééithem as unwelcome trespassers.

| From the Commentaries of Lun Ouran:
There is a point to all of this peacemaking by the

"imr fi " mandarin, of course. They have evi-
dence that the ambitious Daityas house of the hsien

s bequn to infiltrate the ruling families of the Jin
"Empire of the Jurchen peoples, north of Koryo. These
Newcomer mandarins ‘2 that such power belongs
only in the hands of the Wan Kuei and intend to
wage a shadow war pat the Daityas in the
"coming years to dislodge them.

The second political axis within the Court of the
Azure Dragon turns on the matter of mortal rule in the
Middle Kingdom. Kang Cho-lu, a respected Thrashing
Dragon elder, has begun to circulate a missive entitled
On the True Nature of the Emperor's Curse and the Hon-
orable Return to Power. Kang's encyclical has a single
thesis: The Wan Xian fell from their place of honor and
power not because they dealt with the Yama Kings but
because they abused their power as rulers over mortals.
Indeed, Kang believes that only a few Wan Xian traf-
ficked with the Yama Kings at all — or why, he asks, are
all Wan Kuei not now akuma?

On the True Nature states that the Wan Kuei must
openly seize the thrones of mortal kingdoms and return
the Middle Kingdom to a time of wise, benevolent rule by
immortals. This righteous action will attract the Heav-
enly Emperor's attention, and after watching for a time to
see that the Wan Kuei are truly repentant and intend to
tule over the mortals as he intended, surely he will rescind
this terrible curse.

Kang does not have as many‘followers as one might
think, given the intensity of the debates surrounding his
missive. But he is a charismatic speaker, especially in one-
on-one conversations, and when he leaves a cityy:his
entourage is often larger than it was when he arrived.

From the Commentaries of Lun Ouran:

~ Not surprisingly. the westem mandarins su
"Kang, evenif they do not entirely agree with him. The
mash their support as simple tolerance ibe shil
"teacher, but extend no such allowanees to Kang Cho-
- lu'sformerstudent Doji Hirumo. A gahiof Nouse Genji,
Doji holds that the Celestial Emperor never cursed the
- Wan Kuei at all; he suggests — to the horror of most —
- thatthe Emperorhashad littieinterestin the affairs of the
Wan Xian or Wan Kuei. Instead, Doji Hirumo believes
that Sppresied mortals overthrew sates and selfish
_ Wan Xian, and that mortal sorcerers laid the curse upor
ge sand Immortals in retribution r
that undermines their dreams of power and waste
opportunities to hunt Doji Hirumo. Uhether or not he

speaks the buth is a question they have not even
_ bothered to ash, . ,

Tue Soutn

Most dragon nests in the south are in the jungles,
rather than on the coastline or high in the hills or even
near cities such as Battambang or Angkor. The Wall
thins precipitously as one passes through the jungle;
travelers have found themselves launched headlong
onto a battlefield in the Yang Realm of Fighting Spirits
or simply in the Mirror-Land reflection of the physi¢ah
world's jungle. Friendly Yang spirits — not alwaysavail-
able — have led mortals back to their homés whefi
approached humbly. Unfriendly Yang spirits haye*de-
voured more than one unwary traveler.

Reports)have trickled northward from the Searle
Phoenix Court.that a-true dragon lives in théjungles of

Thewuestemmandarins dislike this "heresy"

Bioon & Six

the Souths' This being seems largelyecontént to be left
alone//but the Empress of the Scarlet Phoenix Court is
said to keep a careful eye on the Chi flow near the delta
of the Mekong River, watching for the mystic tremors
that will herald the creature's ire.

Tue Scarier Puornjx Courr

TheScatlet Phoenix Court is torn between the wild,
Yang-dominated jungles that fill the Kingdoms of Angkor,
Nangzhao and Dai Viet, and hubs of civilization like the
cities of Battambang and Hue. Empress Dyanang holds
court near a dragon nest high atop Phnom Aoral; mimick-
ing the traditions of the Ferocious People, visitors must
provide the empress with a valuablé gift»before admit-
tance into her court's halls.

More than one wu of the Searlet Phoenix Court has
peaceftilrelations with the Ferocious People of the junglés;
these understandings are,forged through the strength of
personalitrust and!honor rather than a widespread accep-
tance of anothef "race of shen..Fotjinstance, the Golden
Shroud wu unselfishly saved thellife of the Zhong Lung
dragon-changer known as Nongkhai some 20 years ago,
and Nongkhai remains on nearly friendly terms withothat
wu, But other Wan Kuei should step lightly; am told that
a young, Thtashing Dragon approached Nongkhai. rather
nonchalantly some years. ago and became part of the Zhong
‘Lung's dawn greeting'to the rising sun.

WarwKuei of the Court.of the South change their
namiés'from the ones they used in life by the end of their
time asRunning Monkeys. Genturies of tradition enforce
thi tule? Many change their names immediately upon
drawing thé Second Breath}— this has the advantage of,
hiding the vampire from, demon hunters — but all haye
chosen a new name by 60 or so years into their unlives,

So long as a wu comes annually to pay its respets to
Empress Dyanang, for the most part she leaves it tosfimd)
its own path. She is no monarch or despot; like many'
ancient Wan Kuei, Dyanang spends much of her timé
looking inward, rather than allowing partiSan issues of
the dead to frustrate her and.draw. herfurther'awayrom)
the path to Heaven.

More minor dragon nésts fillthe jungles of the south
than the Scarlet Phoenix Gourthas wu to defend. Several
wu, including the Harmonious Thieves and the notori-
ously unbalanced Dragon#Tiger wu, run circuits,through
several nests, protecting thém fromimortals, other Wan
Kuei courts and Xiong Ren. Unlife in these»Cotpse
Families is frantic, violent andshort.

The Scarlet Phoenix Court.as a whole is not ongood
terms with the Gout ofthe YellowEmperoryas the Jin and
Xixiaypush the Southern.Song from thé north, vampires
of the Genter Court expand their'teach southward into
Scarlet Phoenix teffitory, attempting to seize unpro-

‘tected minor dragon nests!afidhjade deposits. Wu of the

two courts have come té"blows repeatedly since the
establishment of Xinigjaitatthe city of Linan. Elders of

both courts remember similar conflict erupting two

,a LOZ = S

ae Dee se oe

Da has boa ff

ganize itself as quickly as it can manage in the wake of
Empress Fan's u xpected departure into the high moun-
tain co imalayas have never been safe for our
eyare by Lightning People and the
Native people of the world-
n return to take the Second
ourt has no native highland-
highest mountains in the
Semust be — contain a number
Tes ‘ erfu on nests, According to legend, the Court
of the White Tiger, wk N LEG f vading wu up the mountains more
an Desert south into-lndiz N a thoseysent have not returned sane.
d dreaded sites? The drago esteemed ancestor of the court, left
jours before sunrise on a spring
Her last words to her beloved
frozen sky bears a plentiful
: carries only pain; beware, for
eon lines run from western al fire shall fall; I could no more
imalayas. i I can the rush of my heart's blood."
e name means "those who come F! poibeen seen since'
Currently, the Court of the White Tiger is split into
a few factions, while its new leadership attempts to build
unity. Emperor Da, a Uigur of the Resplendent Crane
Dharma, has coaxed enough of the western Wan Kuei
into supporting him that he claims leadership of the court.
Da does not have a pleasant task before him. Empress
Fan enjoyed the support of the Horns of Ice wu, five elders
with vast influence in the lands around Kashi. She kept a
humble home and garnered the respect of many Wan Kuei
younger than she; she acted as mentor to at least one
member of each of the major wu in the West. By contrast,
Da resides in a splendid palace filled with riches and
es mathematically precise sycophantic mortal and unliving servants. This has made
edly a sign from the goddess it very difficult for him to gain a secure hold on power. He
g of that sign isa subject of ja. yet to discern the threads that connect the Flying
Tiger wu to the White Bone Society wu, for example, and
and Crescent Moon dragon it js not clear to those below him whether he wishes them
tably ‘clos ° ers another. Al- to remain in their current positions within the court.
¥ many longer, armed In fact, Da has begun to assign various wu to different
Be ie parts of the west than those they have traditionally
occupied. He has uprooted the Darkness Eaters, who have
lived in Kashi for as long as any of them can remember and
sent them to Urumugi, quite close to Da's own court at
Lake Tianchi. Some whisper that Da might never take
direct action against those Wan Kuei whom he dislikes,

be somé

idle Kingdom:

Range asa Cl hi-devouter.
e world's energy seems to

€ seers oF the erocious People, for


42

but he will put them in difficult ofdangerous situations in
order to let them fail and replace them. Jt is a different
style than Fan's and one that the demonsof the west seem
unwilling to accept.

Da does rely on the advice of Fan's favored disciple
Feng Liwan; Feng himself has a better relationship with
much of the court than Da does, although he insists,that
he is not prepared to take any kind of leadership roles

From the Commentaries of Juang Guangyao:
This ts uot the oul panier one cau lake
on the matter. Fan was strouk, yes, bul she

malulalued that streugth oul | rough persoual
celationships. ater court was Informal, aud tor
those out of favor, It was ucacly Impossible to
pee gees tor ald. Da, by coulrast, Is

0 set up a logical structure to the
be pide a to

est suited to act ou them.

endeavoriu
court, so that ena uceds ma

the alteution of those

Tiger fails; within a°decade,

of the west compete for-true

i ved ‘its mortal breth-

dozens of White Tiger

"Wan Kuei. The survivors jointhe Quineunx. 1x: Em-
‘ptess Fan's fate remains unknown. Se

The Center

In the Fourth Age alone, humans have lived in the
coreofChina for more than 4,000 years; uncountable tens
of thotisands of years have passed since the creation of the
Middle Kingdom itself, and people are said to have lived
in thé center of China as long as the land has been
separate from Heaven. Over the course of those years,
mortal geomancers —fang shih — have used their abilities
to discern the best resting place for their emperors' bodies.
The result of such analysis is that the strongest dragon
nests in the center of China have emperors' tombs built
within them. This does not pose a problem for the Wan
Kuei, half-dead as they are, but it does mean that the
major nests of the center are strongly aspected toward Yin,
and indeed, in more than one such tomb, the Wall is so
thin as to allow unwary mortals to wander into the lands
of the dead.

The most powerful dragon nest in the center of the
Middle Kingdom is home to the resting place of Empétor
Qin Shihuangdi. The Wan Kuei controlled the Mount Li,
nest for hundreds of years before Emperor/Shihuangdi's
death a millennium ago, but the unexpected loss'6f Want
Kuei Emperor Ai Loyu at the hands of one of the Great
Devourers (ancient chih-mei from the dawn of the Fourth

Bioop & Six

Age), acentury afterShihuangdi's death, gave the Lord of
the/Déad the leverage he needed to destroy, much of the
court proper. Today, Mount Li is defended against. the
Wan Kuei by thousands. of ghosts loyal to the Ghost
Emperor, and the vampires have made.the concession of
moving their.court to the oldelmperial Palace within
Changanproper.

Thepresénce of ghosts and the air of the underworld
oppresses One less as one moves outward from Changan.
Several other cities — notably Kaifeng, Ningxia and
Linan —host supernatural creatures of all stripes. A cabal
of hsien in Xiangiang maintains good relations with the
bodhisattvas of the Shaolin Monastery, while simulta-
neously plotting against the Wan-Kei in' Ningxia itself,
leading many observers to assume that the bodhisattyas
themselves are on bad terms with Boulifi!Tanythe ances-
tor of the Ningxia Court. The bodhisatevas, in typically
cryptic fashion, only say) that Ningxia's end days ap-
proachsRumors abound that Nezumi rat-men escaped
from the Jin sackingiof Kaifeng with more gold andisilver
than any of thelinvaders or former residents did: As the
Song Empire's capital-in-exile, Linan has swelled in popu-
lation in recent years and, likeawell-fattened pig, the city
attracts hungry visitors from across the Middle Kingdom.

Tue Yetow Emperor Courr

The Gourt of the Yellowmperor, at the heart of the
Middle*Kingdom, rightly sees, itself as the center of all
supernatural activity. Though the imperial capital has
moved from Changan to Kaifeng to Linan, the Court of the
Yellow Emperor has notymoved from the labyrinths of
Changan in thousands of years.

The ancestors of the court seem content to let the
mortal world roil around them; they do not let the sucees-
sion of emperors or even dynasties stir them to @teat
emotion as they circle around their private goals. Theauu
at the heart of the Court of the Yellow Emperor, the Golden:
Jade Society, does not speak of a glorious final goal for the
court itself, nor does it spend much time addressing, the
needs of the wu that make up the courtsThe WanKuei of
the Golden Jade Society,are introspective.to the point of
real ignorance of the world/around them.

Yellow Emperér Wang Hongben is the eldest of the
Golden Jade Society, and he seems nearest to The.
Hundred Clouds; he follows the Thousand Whispers
Dharma, and his ever-changing bearing makes it diffi-
cult for less enlightened Wan Kuei to have»meaningful
conversations with him; when far from court certain
Running Monkeys suggest that he is mad rather that
enlightened, butotherthan the arhats and bodhisattvas,
who.can.tell the difference? The othersin his wu — one
for each direction — encircle him,metaphorically speak-
ing. Each of thempvies for Wang Hongben's favor more
than any other'thing; theGolden Jade Wan Kuei only
tend to external concernswhen out of favor with their
leader, It is saidthatoneof them desires his downfall and
that two of the others are secretly lovers, but then, gossip


Cuarren Owe: Hungry Deap oF Tne Mippir Kingdom

roils around the Court of the Yellow Emperor like flies
on rotting meat.

In the effective absence of leadetship from the Golden
Jade wit, several other wujmost notably the Amber Ween
and Bronze Pennant, managedetails such as relations with

theother four August Courts, the Xiong Ren Beast Courts...
and other societies of shen. Othetauu aré'assigned the task ~ |
of educating promising hin, and still others attend'to™more —

mundane affairs. The absence of céntral authority can
sometimes leave wu without the support of their fellows;
years ago, for instance, a shadowy band of Xiong Ren and
hsien did away with the Horned Tigers of Kaifeng in the
chaos of that city's conquest by the Jin.

Two other loci dominate Wan Kuei activity in the
Court of the Yellow Emperor: Linan, the Song dymasty
capital in exile, and Shaolin Monastery, home to the Sages

of the Fivefold Way. The Blissful Ice Daggers of Linantendy. |

to Wan Kuei interests in the Southern Song imperial court.

They ruthlessly control access to the eunuchs and bireau>

crats of the court there; few Wan Kuei leave Linan withou

earning a debt to the Blissful Ice Daggers. Astute observers :

Suggest that the Daggers hold the leashjof So many favors
that they undermine the authority"@f the Golden Jade

Society in Changan. Another wu, the'Silver Lock, com. |
poundsits long tenureamong the mereliants of Linan with'
the tecent.influx of mortalssfrom all overthe empire to,
create Oneofthe greatestmercantile companies inall ofthe "
Middle Kingdom: The Corpse Family that worriesme most «

of all is the Warriors of the Hebei Plain wu. Composed
entirely of Jurchens, they are on cordial terms with the
other wit of the city, but suspect they are in Linan to help
further the cause ofthe Jin Empire and.bring down the
Song) This could create a dangerous opportunity for north-
ernfivals. "

The Sages of the Fivefolal Way are Simultaneously the
mostand least influential Wan Kueiofthe MiddleKingdom.
No vampires are motenwidelyrenowned for wisdom and
enlightenmentthan thesefive, cloisteredaway at the Shaolin
MonasteryBut at the same"time, they do nét'sully, their
hands with mortal or WanyKuei politics. AShadow war
betweenlitwo wu, fof instance; is no matter tojbring to the
Sages, These beings aré concerned with personal éhlighten-
meritand ascension, asfitSthe name bodhisattva: They have
chosen to halt in their persorial quests for enlightenment in
orderto guide othersalong the path to The Hundred Clouds.
The dllustrious Scribesiofthe Yellow River wu buffers the
Sages from mundane distractions; they run errands for the
mastets and control others' access to them.

REALMS OF THE SPjRIT

Treatise by Xiang Xiwei, Western Mask of the
Maity Faces Wu

The Middle ‘Kingdom is a OE a for the Wan
Kuef!While many mortalsnever leavetheir home village,
vampires travel With impunity, provided they can find a
safe place to spend thé day. And while mortals may speak

of the songs of Heaven and the torments of Hell, we Ten
Thousand Demons are intimately familiar with the vari-
ous reaches of the spirit world —at least, with the Yin and
Yang Realms and Yomi Wan; most of us no longer speak
of Heaven.

THe ¥jn Wor

The Yin World lies within and below the realm of the
physical. It is a dark place, hollow with the death-energies
of Yin, and the final resting place of all things in the void
of Oblivion. At the same time, it is quiet and peaceful.
The young Wan Kuei should remember that Yin is not
evil; it is merely an end to change. Scores of realms
populate the tempestuous void of Yin, the greatest of
which is the Yellow Springs, controlled by Yu Huang, Jade
Emperor of the Dead. There are many other realms of
interest, however.

igdom ¢ th orld in gen ;
v Springs specifically), Umbra: The
"Shadow (for the Yz orld, "altho
a Western slant) and The'Th

fHoME OF THE Fina: BLossom

In the dying days of the Third:Ageyamortal woman
named Tien Lu, who'd walked close to death her entire
lifeyentered the spirit world on a quest to become immor-
talvand escape death'sipredation for all time. Her travels
took her into the Yang Realms.and, eventuallyytoahigh
mountaintop, to the Everlasting Tree. Only one flower
remained on the vast tree's branches. As Tien Lu reached
for that blossom, the tree itself spoke to her, saying: "In
this flower lives the lastof my life, and as the Everlasting
Tree dies, so does this kingdom. Are you truly heartless
enough to take it from me?"

Tien, Lu, old and' suspicious, laughed. "You try to
deceive me, old tree, for this kingdom lies in the heart of
Yang, and you simply wish to keep your own power." With
asmileyshe plucked the last blossom from the Everlasting
Tree and ate it. As she hiked down the mountain, air
rushed past her; green grass turned to gray ash, which
scuffed into cloudsas she walked upon it. Tien Lu, last of
the Wan Xian, left the Home of the Final Blossom as it
swung from Yang to Yin.

Today, the Home of the Final Blossom is airless; any
mortal entering it would certainly suffocate, and there is no
wind to carry sound to living or dead ears. The realm is
waterless, too; spaces that were once rivers and lakes are now
inky and black voids; some of the largest "lakes" brim with
Yin Chi. Trees, grass and fantastic creatures stand motion-
less; they are no more than beautiful sculptures of ash now,
destroyed by the slightest contact. The Everlasting Tree still
stands atop its mountain; it, too, isa pile of ash, but those that
taste Chi in the air can sense tantalizing fragments of Yang
energies wafting past — perhaps this is the last touch of the
active Celestial Emperor in the universe.

The Sharps oF THE jePER;AL LjpRaRjES

In the earliest days of the Fourth Age, the Yama King
Dou Tingzhang, Mutilator of the Unfaithful staged an
attack onthe August Personage's libraries; his intention was
to seyer the vast library compound from. thesrest!of the

Heavenly Palace, twist it into Hell and.use it as a base of
operations in his campaigns againstithe former servitors of
Heaven and the other Yama Kings.

But the servants of Heaven — the hsien}ithe-Fero-
cious People and even a fewstill-loyal Wan Kuei —built
ramparts and barricadesito keep the forces of Yomi Wan
atybay!' The battle lasted for weeks; eventially, Dou
Tingzhang himselfstepped forward to faceZhao Fenzhan,
an aged, powerful weretiger, in)single combat. That
battle, it is said, took the better'part of a day, and it laid
waste to much of the librariesgrounds and manyf the
libraries themselves/Finally, aethe point of deathyZhao
invoked,the\Heaven Thunder Hammer and drove Dou
back to Hell, where he'was later serupon by his peers and
torn to shreds.

The Shards of the Imperial Libraries float in the Yin
Realm. Each library building (there are 11) and its grounds
are present, even though some buildings are not intact or
even usable; the weeks of fighting combined with the
maelstrom of Zhao's final combat with Dou destroyed)
most of the structures of the compound. Zhao's burial
cairn occupies a position of honor near the center of the
realm; it was the last thing constructed by the libraries'
defenders before they left in the aftermath of Dou's defeat:

On the whole, the Shards are quiet placesyof
contemplation and study. A handful of buildings te-
main intact enough that sufficiently driven Wan Kuei
can enter and find anciefityserolls or simply sit and
meditate in peace.

Chorales of former librarians parade through the
ruins; they can no longer see or read, but the text of
scrolls and books from their sections within the library'
are pressed onto their skin. The chorales:have been
together for thousands of years now; each of them knows
all of the words inscribed on all of the members of their
chorale, and as they slowly wander from half-burned
building to collapsed husk, they sing or chant'those
words. Not,all®of their songs are derived from poetry,
mindiyou; a particularly dreary chantissimply acalendar
marking the proper times for a farmer to hoe, plant, weed
and harvésty The choralés are not entirely monomania-
cal; they will stop»if. confronted and speak (usually in a
droning singsong) if addressed.

45

Fu Yiwasonce a thriving kingdom.on the ocean's Cast;
in the mortal world. ItsWat, Xian' kings and lords)built
towering stone and wooden buildings, soaring bridges and
gracefully spired temples; they were philosopher-kings and
warrior-poets. Fu Yihad numerouseities and a populationin
the hundreds of thousands. This, ofeourse, was before chaos
and madness struck the Wan Xian.

When the Wan Xian made war on each other, the
very earth of Fu Yi trembled. As months of fighting
passed, astute mortals noticed the sea's slow rise, the
perpetual flooding of major rivers and great valleys
blasted out where mountain ranges once stood. On the
fifth day.of the fifth month of the last year of the Third
Age, the lands of Bir Yiggave a great shuddering heave
arid,submerged beneath the ocean floor and into the
Min Réalm. Todays no'sign remains of the kingdom in
themortal world; ther@mains of its beautiful buildings
entered the Yin Realm'rather than remaining on the
sea floor.

Thousands of mortals drowned, of course, and hun-
dreds remained attached to Fu Yi as ghosts when it slid
across the Wall. The kingdom itself remains quite flooded,
eveninithe Yin Realm; seawater rises far above the grandest
Spire of Fu Yi. The ghosts of the land acclimatized to their
mew Surroundings temarkably quickly and set about their
moist afterlives with surprising vigor. Their first step was to
testore their nation's former beauty, and they have long
since¢ompleted that process.

The' subjects of the Undying King of Fu Yi elected
themselves anew. king in the underworld, and although the
king has been replaced more than once, the passage of
power has largely been peaceful. The population of Fu Yino
longer increases —perhaps a shipwreck every generation or
two contributes to the ranks of the drowned dead here, but
no more than that. Yin spirits, malevolent and benign, pass
through the realm on occasion and are met with a response
appropriate to their nature.

The ghosts of Fu Yi have watched the rise of the
Yellow Springs Realm since the death of Qin
Shihuangdi, and they are no friends to the Jade Empire.
Fu Yi is far smaller than Yu Huang's realm, of course,
and would be crushed in an outright war. However, the
ghosts of Fu Yi retain three large advantages over those
of the self-styled Jade Emperor: They are truly ancient
ghosts who do not, apparently, face the worst dangers
of Oblivion and, so, are individually very powerful;
their kingdom is a three-dimensional maze of water in
which the forces of Yu Huang are at a great tactical
disadvantage; and they refuse to take to the field,
fighting only when it suits them, in ambush, assassina-
tion and harassment, spending the rest of the time
submerged where most wraiths cannot follow.

Tue Yanc Wor

The Yang World floats above the physical plane. It
is well-lit and alive with»untold.thousands of spirits, a
bright reflection of the mortal world. However, justias
Yinsis not synonymous with evil, the reader should not
believe that Yangsis»synonymous with good; there is
wickedness in the Yang World. Like its counterpart, the
Yang World is home to countless realms. Unlike Yiny
there is no truly dominant realm, only countless places
of wonder and danger. Some of the most interesting
include the following:

Reaim or THE Cerestja: BiaccsojTH

When the August Personage of Jade dissolved the
perfect universe into contested realms of Yin and Yang,
the First Celestial Craftmaster, Ru Shou, built his forge
in the-lands of the south»Ru Shou brought the art of
smelting metal to the people of the Middle Kingdom and
soybeéame especially venerated; because metal was first
usedsto make weapons, Ru Shou became known as the
God of Punishment.

Ass the Yin and Yang Realms spiraled further apart,
Ru Shou himself became torn; he needed both metal and
fire to forge weapons for the greatest of the Celestial
Emperor's servants. Ru Shou saw the slow rise of the eaters
of cursed Chi among the Wan Xian and equipped the
dragons and hsien who served him with his finest weapons
before closing off his vast estate to the Ten Thousand
Immortals. The servitors of Ru Shou fought corrupt in-
vader Wan Xian for decades and finally repelled the
demons early in the Fourth Age.

Now, thousands of years later, Ru Shou has begun to
send his servants out into the Middle Kingdom to see what
changes have been wrought. The God of Punishment has
long since run out of metal, with his estate now deep if the
Yang Realm, and while he has kept busy firing truly,
beautiful pots — and even more fantastic works, including
one chariot worked from the very clouds —,he has in-
structed hisservants to bring him fine copperand bronze for

smelting and to return with news of the world. More than

‘one truly old bodhisattva recognizes Ru Shou's servants,
and those ancient ones know that a sword crafted by Ru
Shou could be a powerful tool, if placed in the right hands.

Lanps oF THE Frearisn MuLijrupes

Travelers' tales of ancient China speak of dozens of
strange kingdoms, populated by peoples who no longer exist.
Stories speak of people with no heads, with their faces on their
abdomen, orthose with two heads or those with one head and
two bodies or dozens of other strange variations. These beings
have strange habits and stranger dietary requirements: Some
could eat only the inedible parts of animals and relished meals
of fur, claws and bones, while others,wéte téstricted to con-
sume only spring wheat and so on.

These beings and their dozens of kingdoms — which
traded and made war with human kingdoms on a regular
basis duringithe Third Ages do still exist; they aré
collectively knowntas'the Lands of the!Freakish Multi-
tudes, in the Yafig. Realms These lands, more spirirthan
material even inthe Third Age, are now kept apart from
the mortal world by the Celestial Emperor's Wall, through
which few can pass.

A continuous'flow of Yang Chi permeates the Freak-
ish Lands; this energy sustains many,strange creatures that
long ago died out in the physical world. And rumor has it
that evefemore surprising-béings inhabit these realms.
Accorditig to the semi-mythical A Drunken Traveler's
Jowrnals'the Wan Xian.were not only chosen from the
ranks of humankind but alssfrom some of these bizarre
races. And unreliable reports in the Beast Court of Xinjiang
suggest thata handful these immortals remain, hiding out,
where the Wall and the copious flow of Yang Chi protect
them from the fire of the August Personage's curse. These
tales might simply serve to hide a darker truth, howéver;
no reliable Wan Kuei witness has returned with suchsa'
tale from these lands.

The Kingpom or Fiery Passjons

Yang Chi is, in its most basic sensé, lifeyenergy. It.
pushes the tiger to chaseown the deer, while it pushes

the deer to run from the tigerslt drives away disease and
sustains the farmenit his toils. Andjit exhorts all things
that live to reproduce and expand their lineage. The
Kingdom of Fiery Passions embodies that last urge;,ivis'a

land where the only imperative isto coupleyprocreate and"

couple again.

The term "kingdom" is perhaps an inaccurate name

for this place. There is mo sovereign, no bureaucracys
The air carries the watm, green. scent of,early spring;
forests andivalleys thrive with life. Teng of thousands of
spirits fill this place, and the number grows annually.
Animal spitits mateswithout¢onsideration to species,
and their offspring showeasjumbled hybrid of their
parents' traits.Some Wan.Kuei suspect that this realm is
the true homelandsof.the Ferocious People, but —

a

a

‘


lord of a Nil
Tou Mu, the

y- )
x
«os ee of Vegende while chelland

under the protection of the Wan Xian, a great innovation
sprung up in the furthest reaches of the Middle Kingdom.
Under the guiding hand of the immortals, the great city of
Yor; Wan ‘ Harappa arose on the plains of the Indus River. The city
boasted a population of 50,000 craftsmen, merchants,
soldiers and official is was no village of ox carts, no

: e brutish tribal king — it was a

ho are not Yang

fortable, despite
rle cycle. The Thrashii
e — the Scarlet Forest wu —
numerous dhampyr children, who
flood of life-energy around them.

en birth to
ed to the

The Thousand Hells are the repository for much of

the evil of the mortal world. Yomi Wan does not é e

wickedness of the world; instead, much as the YangRea nc % W =

reflects the mortal world's life energies, Yomi W: 2 ™~ ‘ -: she ee built toward the

flects and focuses the mortal world's corruption. Few so ttarggold and ivory. It was only a
would choose to enter one of the Thousand Hell "ik Tatappa caught the baleful eye of the
that do are either mad, driven to powe' ist onjinte

as possible. « Ne

Xian and mortals was an
‘ama Kings. After ages of defeat
at the hands of the Ten Thou-
y of demons ripped through the
world to set foot in the Middle
e in centuries —and to sack the

put up a valiant fight, taking
med and armored with glinting
O military regalia, they were not
warrior h artists, traders and scholars. The
forces of He ough them like a scythe through a
field, until their immortal champions joined the fray. The
resulting battle was cataclysmic — the seas boiled, rivers
leapt from their beds, the earth itself bucked and heaved.
The Wan Xian were victorious in the end, destroying
hordes of demons and forcing the rest to retreat. When
the surviving defenders finally put down their swords to
look around, the river valley was devastated for hundreds
of miles in every direction. Their beautiful city was gone,
entire sections of it pulled to Yomi Wan by the greedy
talons of the Yama Kings.
i It was not long after this crushing loss that the
Bre inte gone. Perhaps the corruption of the Wan Xian began. Some later Wan
mor the Ferocious People might _Kuei scholars claim that Mahanaga Visparakni was among
ese notyet,Y ama Kings. the benefactors of Harappa and a survivor of the battle
5 with the Yama Kings. Crushed by the loss of his beloved
city, he began a search for power — power enough to
have made a difference, enough to have saved the
mortals under his protection. If this is true, then un-
ouldbé Bao Zhong, doubtedly power is what the Yama Queen Tou Mu
w;Mikaboshi, lordof offered him — and the first akuma found out the price
pa may/Well provide too late.

d his own territory; either
another realm in the Second or

asihis own. By now,
din their e

gly, that the best known
st powerful. Today,



Cuapren Two: Many Roaps Back

ENAPTER TWO:
MANS ROADS
BALK

.. As cranes trail off in flight, silent;
Wolves snarl over theif kill T brood on
Our wars, sleepléss here and, to right
A relentless Heaven and Earth; powerless.
— Du Fu, "Overnight at the Riverside Tower"

Ever since theefall of Mount Meru, the shinning
citadel of the Ten Thousand Immortals, the Wan Kuei
have struggled to find meaning. Grand Arhat Xue, wisest
of all the Hungry Dead, laid down the foundations of the
Road Back atthestwilight of the Third Age. His wisdom
is remembered imthe Fivefold Way and the fiveorthodox,
Dharmas.

Tue Fiveroip Way

Xue's first' and greatest teaching to the Wan Kuei is
the Fivefold Way. This isa core setof beliefs —sometimes
called the Great Principle — that theoretically guides all
the Hungry Dead of the Middle Kingdom. In the,Five
August Courts, every vampire learns the Fivefold Way as
part of their training as hin, just aftér emerging from the
cannibalistic chih-mei stage. Intéfpretations vary widely
from court to court and from teacher to teacher, but Xue's
teachings form the underpinning of the court structure
itself; only ancestors looking to be removed do not at least
pay lip service to the Great/Principle.

Storytellers may wish to refer to Kindred of the
East, pp. 38-41, for a discussion of these same beliefs in
the Fifth Age.

ak HEGREAT ‘PRINCIPLE
‘The Wax oF 0
Tie Way oF Onigin

you éame, for it is the un-

changing whole of your purpose"

Way of Lineage _
well those who have come before, and respect
conc he for they are all part of the truth.

‘Tue Way OF JNTEGRITY

ca) your hionor and mistin all thought, word
ted, fon. the behavior of one affects the entire
g EeeraTity. j

"

«_» Practice correctness in all you do, for the Great
Cycle, initsevery aspect, hasits own nature, "4 that
ature must be followed. =

In the Age of Beautiful Sadness, the Great Principle
the court, hierarchy and flavors Wan

the Way of Origin all try to recreate the times when the
Ten and Immortals were demigodseruling great
i sOf courseythe Wan Xian were their own
g millenniaago, and this lesson too is part of the
Way of OriginwDhose vampires who advocate ai with-
drawal fromm mortal affairs say that the fall of Mount Meru
clearly means that ruling as kings is inappropriate.

The other elements of the Great Principle all serve
to reinforce the system of the Five August Courts and
the power of the mandarins and ancestors who rule
them. The young must respect the old; the young have
aduty to the court; the young must act honorably — and
toe the line. Mandarins have all the same obligations in
theory, but they need only pay lip service to the prin-
ciple of respecting the young — a perfect recipe for
building tension.

The nightly realities are less polarized, of course.
Many Wan Kueispend only a bit of their time at court and
thereby avoid a great deal of the frustration of the manda-
rins' games. The institution of the wu helps a great deal
because it gives the young allies they can trust. There are
also mandarins who know that disciples and jina have
their worth and deserve a (respectful) voice at court.
Nevertheless, the tensions in the courts are starting to
have their effect — the Court of the Azure Dragon is
slowly collapsing into Nihonjin and mainland factions,
and the other courts are not that far behind.

The Duarmas

Xue's second great contribution to the Wan Kuei was
the development of the five Dharmas. These philosophies
have become well-worn paths along the Road Back, ways
for some of the Ten Thousand Demons to redeem them-
selves before heaven. Without the teachings ofa Dharma,
a Wan Kuei is bound to live as a savage, cannibalistic
wretch and return screaming to Yomi. The Hungry Dead
owe their very survival to Xue and his teachings, or so the
ancestors say.

fHiereTjca, Duarmas

Of course, the truth is not quite so simple. There
are a number of vampires who exist without following
one of the five Dharmas attributed to Xue. They follow
other paths, which the ancestors of the Five August
Courts brand as heresies. The so-called heretics, of
course, feel their beliefs are entirely justified. Many
argue that their belief systems can coexist with the
traditional Dharmas and emphasize their continued
adherence to the Fivefold Way. They often argue that
their "heresies" are but further extrapolations from
Xue's own teachings and, hence, legitimate. Others

return the August Courts' scorn and see/Kue's teach-
‘ifgs,as flawed or even foolish=Dheylargue that their
way is better than thel@rthodoxy.

_ The era of Blood & Silk is a moment of tolerance for
the less stringent of the heretics. Thosewho embrace the
Fivefold Way are technically Weleéme inthe August
Courts, even if their beliefs are unorthodox, These her-
etics €an and do hold prominent positions in some Courts
and attract followers. They all operate at a disadvantage,
however. A heretic must prove her loyalty and worth
again and again, and when things turn sour, she is invari-
ably blamed. Wise heretics accumulate favors owed to
them, keep their eyes open for betrayal andalways have an
escape route planned.

Heresy jn Bryer

At the end of the Fourth Age, the following heretical
Dharmas are most prominent. Their beliefs and practices
are largely as they are in the Fifth Age (see Kindred of the
East Companion, pp. 47-59), but their members find it
easier to move into China and other orthodox areas. Note
that the Spirit of the Living Earth Dharma does not come
into being until the 17th century.

¢ The Face of the Gods: The Divine Faces believe
that the Wan Kuei are just as blessed as the Wan Xian
were, elevated demigods instead of debased demons. They
strive to further their own divinity, seeking perfection in
all acts and actively encouraging mortal worship. The
Dharma is most numerous in India but has isolated follow-
ers across the Middle Kingdom. They are the heretics
most likely to be persecuted because of their rejection of
many elements of the Fivefold Way.

© The Flame of the Rising Phoenix: Rising Phoe-
nixes maintain a very strong identification with, their
mortal lives. Their ideal is to become not only livingagain
(like Thrashing Dragons) but to reintegrate perfectly
with their past mortal existencessheyoftenmasquerade
as human, maintain families and doggédlyspursue what-
ever unfinished business brought them out of Yomi. Thé
Rising Phoenix is very popular in India but has'adherents
across the Middle Kingdom. They generally interact well,
with other Wan Kuei, mostlysbécause they léave the
unliving to their own affairs.

© The Tempest of Inward Focus: Tempests believe
ina rigid balance in all things and are the nomads of the
Wan Kuei. Unlike the Thousand Whispers, whosmnove
from false life to false life, Tempests maintain their own
identity but subject it to contrasting influences. They
make fine warriors but then indulge in passionate love or
quiet contemplation to balance themselves. Tempests
are spread thinly across the Middle Kingdom, always
moving from place to place and experience to experi-
ence. They have few outright enemies but almost no sure
allies either.

Cusprer Two: Many Roaps Back — ©

51

FourtH AGE DHARMA CHART

arma Social Bonus Virtue Pair Max Trait Max C

-4 10
0 10
0 10
0 10
0 10
1 12
is
3
4
5

10 ?

Status

chih-meifhin

disciple

disciple

disciple

jina

jina

jina/mandarin

mandarin 250 ye:

mandarin/ancestor 500 years

bodhisattva 1,000 years

~OARKLUNN EE ES
3

bodhisattva/arhat ? years

Social Bonus: The bonus for vampires of this Dharma when interacting with vampires of a lesser Dharma rar
If two vampires with social bonuses are interacting, use the difference between bonuses.
Virtue Pair Max: The maximum sum of either of the vampire's Virtue pairs (Yin and Yang, Hun and P'o)

Trait Max: The maximum value for any one of the vampire's Attributes, Abilities or Disciplines.

Chi/Turn: The maximum number of points of Yin or Yang Chi the vampire can spend in a single turn.

Age: The minimum age for a vampire to advance to this Dharma level.

Drarnic MEcHanjcs

The spiritualyprogress of the Wan Kuei during the
Fourth Age is more gradual than omthe storm-wracked
eve of the‘Age of S6trow. Yet,the greatdivide between
those who have achieved transhuman enlightenment by
spending more than'a@human lifetime'on the Road Back

and those who have not is, less,evident than in the
closing days*of the Fifth Ages Use.the Dharma Chart
above instead of the one on p»54 of Kindred of the East.
As'the Fourth Age draws.to a close and the Fifth Age
begins; Storytellers should phase in the modern Dharma
chart gradually, using the guidelines on page.107.

Tue HOWL OF THE
Devjt=TiGER

VintuE: P40
The members ofthe Devil-Tiger Dharma believe them-
selves to beycharged with a holy duty as the scourges of
Heaven. These vampires believe the Yama Kings have
abandoned their posts as punishers of iniquity to pursue
selfish agendas. Rushing up from Yomi like thunderheads,
the Devils of Heaven have embraced this mission of wick-
edness wholeheartedly, diligently punishing the wicked
and tearing down decaying and unjust social structures.
Though united in their belief that they: are to replace
the erring Yama Kings as the enemies of,sin, the Devil-
Tigers can agree on little else. An an-
cient ruling by the Five Emperors £
that the Heavenly Devils can form
no large organizations combines
with a doctrine of passion and
activity to make the Devil-Tigers
their own worst enemies. Be-
yond general agreement on the
basic tenets of their Dharma,
there is no consensus among
them. The Dharma is divided
into a thousand feuding
sects and fraternal or- ~~
ders based on doctrine
and on the sorts of vic
tims the individual prefers. Some
Devil-Tigers ruin corrupt offi-
cials, while others pursue those
who abuse their spouses and
still others violate rapists and
molesters of children.

enly Devils are themselves |?
humane or heroic. The

Devil-Tigers punish sin be-
cause it is their duty as devils to
do so. However, it is also the
duty ofadevil toact ina wicked
manner. For the Devils of

Heaven, cruelty and
self-indulgence are
holy callings and an
affirmation of their
place in the cos-
micorder. Accord-
ingly, the Devil-Ti-
gers are eager to partake
in the very sins they so
assiduously punish in mor-
tals. Though most Devil-

———

sioop & Sax.

Tigers would meet Final Death rather than)be untrue to
their.celestially mandated dutysthey'¢ite'this same man-
date as théreason theyéultivate holy places thatare blights
uponithe Tapestty and keep bakemono and wicked spirits
as their servants.

The Devil-Tiger Dharma is administeréd (if a word
so Strong can be used to describe the'patina of order
placed upon the chaos of sect$ and secret societies) by
a grouping of bodhisattvas and elderly mandarins called
the August Body of Sagacious Devils. This most distin-
guished college administers a series of rigorous and
complicated tests | that ensure that high-ranking
Devil-Tigers will be competent and educated
in worldly matters.

Devil-Tigers are much-
feared for their mastery of
the Dragon Tear Discipline,
Chi'iu Muh. A majority of
these vampires learn the
Dragon Tear before they
become jina. It aids these
vampires considerably in
their drive to stay abreast
of events. Devil-Tigers are

3s ES welle known as visionaries,
s and the prophetic powers of
the Dragon Tear

‘p areinno small part
he 4S responsible for this

image.

\=

ze It is said (par-
j ticularly by the
4 Devil-Tigers
/ themselves), that

the Devils) of

oF

Heaven will de-
A) stroy the world in.
holy fire at the
z coming of the Age
of Sottow. If this
is truesthen it is a distant
évent»indeéd. For now,
the Devil-Tigersicon-
tent themselves with
lurking on the edges of hu-
man society and standing just
behind the shadows in mortal
Ne dens of vice. Their task is pun-
ishing sinners and bringing
about the downfall of cor-
S— rupt and decadent dynas-
ties, whatever bloodstained
future glories they may enter-
tain dreams of.
Training: Devil-Tigers are very ac-
tive in training young Wan Kuei, a pro-
cess they call Infant Devil Civilizing.


Cuaprer Two: Many Roaps Back

Many of these young disciples later join other Dharmas, but
amajority ofnewhin receivethe instruction fortheir Fireand
Water, Tests (their passage to disciple stavus) from Devil-
Tiger tutors.

Thesteredtypical disciple who remains inthe Dharma
led a violent and spiritually scarring life and cleaves close
to this root in his»second existence. These vampires
channel their wicked tefidencies into the service of the
Celestial, Bureaucracy Other Devil-Tigers follow their
path to make up for lives spent in contemplation rather
than, the pursuit of righteousness, though most such
persons gravitate toward the Thrashing Dragons or the
Résplendent Cranes,

Initial Heavenly\Devil training is brutal, foctising
on helping students accept their undead state and
teaching them'to draw power from the Demon while
remaining its master. Later training (which continues
through the Devil-Tiger'syentire unliving existence)
focuses on developing the vampire's potential.

Much like mortal bureauetats, Devil-Tigers have/an
elaborate ranking systembased on mastery of a diverse set
of skills. Young Devil-Tigers are tested on basics like
fighting, feeding and daylight survival. More advanced
Heavenly Devils must master human and Wan Kuei
historyjaccounting, management and administration,
the teachings of all major religions and classical philoso-
phers andsa seemingly endless list of additional topics.

Faults: Forall theitemphasision elegance, vision and
selfeducation, Devil-Tigers,are still impulsiveywicked
creatures*aligned withilfire. and.thunder. Contrélyand.
forethought do not.come easily to them, and their dark
nature often makes them predictable: Given the opportu-
nity to commit amact of elegant evil, it is very difficult for
Devil-Tigers to refuse.

Affiliations:Fireythe number 2, the color red and the
south direction

Concepts: Corrupt official, bilking merchant, mur-
derednoble, brigandysubsistencefarmer starved indrought,
former cultistor secret society memberjpvenal monk,
visionary prophetpinbred backwoods savage, spy'

Sobriquets: Devil-Tigers, Heavenly Devils, Celes-
tial Devils, Devils of Heaven

"Ty,

53

TEeNners

1: You are a devil. Embrace your mission with
both arms.

2: You are the master of the P'o. Listen to it, and
take full advantage of its power, but never let the
Demon dictate your actions.

3: Embrace passion, both of the flesh and of
the spirit. Only in moments of immediacy are we
free of dissimulation.

4: Pain is the teacher. Only through the light
of agony are we truly aware. Illuminate yourself
and others.

Wickedness is the station of the devil. Strive
always to make your evil both elegant and precise, for
your malevolence does honor to the Celestial Order.

6: As a devil, you are the force of Heaven's
displeasure with the unrighteous. When a man is
unjust, bring about his downfall. When a dynasty is
unjust, bring about its downfall also.

7: For a world with much sin, Heaven has seen
fit to appoint a pitiful few devils. Do not wast
yourself correcting petty injustices, and do not en-
gage in acts beneath the dignity of your station.

8: Your business is with the wicked. The inno-
cent are not within your purview.

Riva. Patus

Resplendent Cranes: How easy it is to en:
the world around you to righteousness and filial
piety while you recline in jade-ornamented temples

and dine from small boys in the fashion of the
ellow Emperor.

Bone Dancers: They walk with ghosts and play
with dead things — how amusing. Yet there is some-
thing about their brittle formality that is genuinely
charming, and their store of pilfered knowledge is
impressive. Good lovers, but terrible allies.

Thousand Whispers: They walk the Buddha's
path, and that isa different Road Back than our own.
One cannot approve, but there is little question that
the approach is valid. It is certainly admirable that
they have not given up hope for their Buddha nature
but I would not walk in their shoes.

Thrashing Dragons: Once they quit pretending
they're still alive, they're well worth learning from
for the lessons they can teach about passion. How-
ever, the Running Monkeys trying to convince ev-
eryone they never died are insufferable.

MANY ABE THOSE WHERCROW OLD AND FAT ON THE PROCEEDS OF
WICKEDNESS A LAS YOULL NOT BE NUMBERED AMIONG THEM.

RESPLENDENT CRANE

Virtue: Hun

Though the WanKuei are disgraced, Heaven has norseen
fit to relieve/them of their/duties. Despite their obviously
changed condition, the Resplendent Cranes feel that they must
continue to ¢arry out their duties as before the fallof Meru. If
the stakes were once great, then how much greater have they
grown, with the immortal souls of the guardians themselves
dependent on their adherence to an agenda of righteousness?

The Resplendent Cranes divide themselves into sects or
cults, with each further subdivided into temples or congrega-
tions. The distinction between sects and cults is blurry —sects
are more respectable and have established fortresses and places
of worship. Of course, there are few Resplen-
dent Cranes indeed would say that they AS u) Za
belong to a cult. It is a term used to deni- f
grate others more than anything.

with sects and cults led by bodhisattvas _ FS S

and elder mandarins and temples and SNS
congregations led by younger manda- ZG =
tins with the assistance of elder jina.
Shadow wars between rival sects over is-
sues of doctrine are common, and the aver-
age temple has at least one feud cooking
with a congregation from another cult. y
In terms of philosophy, the Resplen-
dent Cranes combine the Confucian and
Legalist philosophies in light of their own
experience and mission. While they
keep the Confucian love for merit, 7
learning and reverence for the ances-
tors, they accept from the Legalists
their realistic attitudes toward gov-
emance and warfare. Most impor-
tantly, the Resplendent Cranes also
embrace the Taoist and Legalist
belief that the com-

mon

Loop & Six.

: Ww should be kept ignorant, for their own good aswell asifor the
The AY OF THE €ommon good. As the examplesofsthe»Wan Xian shows,

cleyernessiand sophistication leads to nothing but dissimula-
tion. It is difficult enough for the Cranes to control their
decadent urges, how caniimortals be expected to do likewise?

The classic expression of Crane belief is a series of koans
known as the Eight Lotus Path, each lotus being a' key
concept of the Dharma. These concepts are the recognition
of hope; virtuous existence; reward and correction; purga-
tion of sins; instruction in righteous matters; ordering of
matters according to law; harmony transcendent over law;
and unification of the spirit and the world.

The ideal Resplendent Crane is diligent, educated, man-
nerly, respectful, righteous, honest, conscientious and brave. The
average Resplendent Crane is at least a few of these things and
goes to great efforts to appear as if he were all of them. Because
benchmarks for acceptable behavior and performance are so
high, failing isnotnearly so disgraceful as being seen to fail. While

all Resplendent Cranes appear to adhere to extraordinarily

= _~y stringent standards, many are only smiling for their evalua-

Ki —
The Dharma's organization is hieratic, ee N-
e ganization i atic, Ses = SES =

tor, who, in turn, knows and accepts that some
amount of the subject's performance

is faked.


Cuaprer Two? Many Roaps Back

Resplendent Granes often make their way in the world
in a catch-as-catch-can fashion. Some engage in business or
large scale agriculture, or work to advise and manipulate
mortal magistrates and bureaucrats. Many others work and
reside in oneof the Dharma's temples, collecting tribute
from the surrounding area and protecting their "domain." A
large number of Cranes, however, are wanderers. Like the
cavaliers of old, these vampires travel through an area, large
or small, from haven to haven, in Search of enlightenment
and of injustices to right.

Training: Young Resplendent Cranes train in the
Dhatma's temples. They are expected to remain in the sect
that provided their initial training for their entire existence,
though some do go on to join other sects. In theory, each
Resplendent'Crane has an elder who acts as a mentor and
supervisor. This is not always entirely fortunate. All too
frequently, a jealous or simply untalented mandarin will
stifle or mislead those under her tutelage who threaten to
surpass her in enlightenment, This usually means advance-
ment is limited to the speed of the slowest superior, which
often causes a lot of political jockeying in Resplendént
Crane temples. Vampiresisaddled with untalented masters
often defect to other sects or rush to jump on the wagon of
the most promising older Wan Kuei in the temple.

The tone of the mentor-pupil relationship varies. In
templespit is very close, essentially a relationship of superior
and subordinate. Among wandering Cranes, the mentor is
much more a friend and advisor. As a result, many Running
Monkeys spend greatdeal of time wanderingto escape slow
and top-heavy temple politics.

Like the Devil-Tigers, the Cranes take great pains to
educate themselves. However, where the Devil-Tigers
strongly emphasize secular'matters liké trade and warfare,
ResplendentCranes place muchmore emphasis on subjects
like philosophy; spirituality, religious studies and esoteric
meditation and martial arts practices. The average Crane of
a given age is at least as "educated" as a comparable Devil-
Tiger. However, hehas probably mastered more Disciplines
but is significantly less comfortable among mortals of low
standing, like merchants) soldiers and prostitutes.

Faults: The ResplendentCranes' hierarchy and self-
righteous purpose ate both their greatest strength and great-
est weakness. The same hierarchy that makes the Cranes
flexible and organized also makes them intensely political
and only,as strong as the weakest elder. Also, many young
Cranes are full of hubris, assured in their holy purpose with
high ideals untempered by realism. Combative and prone to
leaping in where wiser heads might fear to tread, these
righteous young vampires are foreyér at odds with their
superiors and perpetually stirring upstrouble among mortals
and with other shen.

Affiliations: Water, the number 1, the color yellow and
the north direction

Concepts: Soldier-scholar, fallen priest, heir killed in
court intrigues, reformed merchant, massacred monk, vic-
tim of terrible illness, devoutly religious sinner, disgraced
scholar of high honors, murdered magistrate

Sobriquets: Resplendent Cranes, Lotus Walkers, Shin-
ing Ice Guardians

Tenets

1: The Eight Lotus Path is before you. Walk

2: The Fivefold Way guides you. Heed it.

3: When you witness wrongdoing, right it. When
the Demon commits wrongdoing, make amend

4: Give to those deserving charity, defend those
who are helpless, inculcate virtue in those who are
ignorant of proper behavior.

5: Reason with the wicked before you strike them
down. It is better to educate than annihila

6: When the wicked will not submit to reason,
strike as swiftly as the eagle and as ferociously as the
tiger. Punish and correct the unrighteous when youcan,
slay them when you cannot.

7: Protect and uphold the pillar of the family, both in
the land of the living and in the Yellow Springs, for filial
piety is the wellspring of virtue. Do not shame your living
family by attending them in person, however. Let them
believe you dead, and work subtly to ease their burdens.

8: Honor and composure are the hallmarks of the
perfected man. Do not let your fallen state deprive you

of your dignity.

igers: They drench themselves in blood
and call it wickedness. They school thei
secular matters and call it learning. They peep into the
August Personage's plans and call itinsight. Dangerous?
Yes. Enlightened? Hardly.
Bone Dancers: The
commendable, but their fascination with corpse
and other unclean things is most abhorrent. They serve
arighteous cause, but we serve the cause of righteousness.
Thousand Whispers: They are as a man who lives
at the foot of a great mountain. Seeking to climb it, he
sets out early in the morning, climbs until th
and then returns home. Though a thousand y
will he ever reach the summit?

elves in

verence for the ancestors is
bones

evening

rs pass,
Thrashing Dragons: Barbarian philosophiesand Bud-
dhist sophistries, all serving as an excuse for the vilest of
fleshy excesses. At least the Devil-Tigers imagine them-
selves to be heroes ofa sort. Tending the Yang World isno
excuse to engage in such shocking improprieties.

~

We are ili

educated andlkighteous.

Ask yourself + if damned
souls Ake CARN le of this,

what cAn Yo} chieve?


Tue Song OF THE SHapow

Virtue: ¥in

Thess6-called Bone Dancers ate namedifor the sen-
sualyhypnotiépostures of the Bone Dance, the most well-
known expression.of the Yin Prana. Like this mystic
dance, the followers of the Song of the»Shadow are
beautiful, enttancing, mysterious and deadly.

Icy and analytic, the Bone Dancers gultivate a
detached mental condition they call the Cold Mind.
Philosophers and spies, they are disdainful of Yang and
its visceral urges. Though they do not divorce them-
selves from life entirely — to do
violation of the
Dharmic tenets —
neither do they im-
merse themselves in
the doings and go-
ings

i on of the

Middle Kingdom.
Instead, the

Bone Dancers seek to

gs
INS bye
learn rather than act, / Noe /
J]

to accumulate an understanding
of the Middle Kingdom. Though
their Dharma enjoins them 94
to act, to protect the fam- gf
ily and uphold the natu-
ral order, they do not
undertake these
tasks willingly.
Such activity ree
quires a tremen- @
dous effort, and
for every Dancer
who acts as a spy,
diplomat or as-
sassin, there are
two more who
strive, silently and |
in the frozen
dark, to open

the Black Metal \
Egg — the
Dharma's cid ||
for the coal S\)
ies of Yin's S\N
negative spiritual Ves) /
resonance. Ss
As ee :
Quiet Songs are without
parallel. The Song of the >
Shadow seeks knowledge (ops
for its own sake, for the experience o!

tricking the puzzle box of existence
into revealing its secrets. What the

so is aS contemplation. As natural maste;
to) eG 8)

sioop & Sik.

Bone Dancers do not know, they have forgotten or
hidden so well in their unfathomablearchives that not

even theyscan findsit/They make excellent spies —
without passionior drive, they move like great cold fish,
tecording, noticing and¢arefully unwinding the threads
ofthe courts and their countléss,intrigues:

Likewise, without passion, they cannot be offended
or provoked to hasty action, and thus, they are diplomats
and assassins of infinite patience. In neithereasedo they
perform these actions willingly. They are duties, to wu-
mates and to the Wan Kuei as a whole, to be@ischarged
as efficiently as possible, in hopes that' they will not
protract the vampire's time away\fromyher studies and.

of the Godbody of
Metal, these vam-
pires are feared and
merciless. With-
out emotion or
hesitation,
swaddled in iron
skin and
\} | sheathed in Yin
armor, they
scythe down
theirfoes and are
goneasifthey had
never been. Few
° even of the Devil-Ti-
gers are so capable and effi-
cient when they kill.
Somehow tied to their
/ skill as assassins is the
Dancers' artisti@'falent.
The variations of the Bone
Dance are countless. It is

alityyspontancously
and after rehearsaly
with acéompani-
ment and unac-
companied. This

0) Supernatural
dance is languidy
p-suggestivey allur-
Fi ing and capable of

) conveying im-
mensemeaning in

its soothing,

j] wordless postures.
While it can be used

as a weapon, it is more
often used as a means
of expression, and as
such, it isin many ways
>, the embodiment of the

ee s—
YE —~- —— Bone Dancer ethic.

performed with both im-"
provisation and rigid for-


| wa, GE, i © Of

57

Cuapter Two: Many Roaps Bacr
— — cere {errr _ =

Without..words or directness, without aggression or
exténsion, itonveys its meaning more perfectly than TENETS
any words could hope to. Such is the:power of this
dancé that nearly every Bone Dancer learns it. When
they gatherstogether, these yampires often eschew
speech altogether, instead communicating only through
this silent ballets

Training: The Shadow Songs teach their young
primarily through koans and riddles. These are designed
ina highly calculated fashion and are quite often tailored
specifically to the student in question. In these riddles,
the answer is largely unimportant — it is the process of
meditation on the matter of the riddle and the act of
learning the answer (if there is one) that truly matterand
bring enlightenment.

1: You may walk with the dead, but do not forget
that you are not one of them.

2: The clan is the fountain.of righteousness and
must be defended.

3: Honor the ghosts and Yang spirits, giving them
both respect and companionship, for the lot of spirits is
a lonely one.

4: There is no end to learning, just as there is no end
to your existence. Never cease to seek the truth of matters.

5: The object without concept is meaningless. The
concept without object is fantasy. Both are valuable, yet
neither can stand alone.

OTe | table f 6: There is a difference between informing, which
VIO iS 1S = y a " §
>» ‘ar ee Tir SUES Or YOUN is like pouring water into a river, and teaching, which is

Running Monkeys, and the Dharma also offers forthright like making fine sculptures from ice. Do not inform,
instruction on the simple matters of the faith and the basic reach!
tenets of the Dharma to hin and young disciples. As soon as,
the students are ready, they graduate to more indiréet
teachings. It is critical that the students quickly begin
finding their own wisdom, rather than having it taught to Fealebortslirinteanddead alike reminding them ofthe
them. The Song of the Shadow is a path of private discov- importance of theirsuffering to the natural order. Spare no
eryynot a curriculum for enlightenment. pains to halt those who would cross the Wall between the
Justyas these, vampires place great emphasis on the living and the dead without the permission of Heaven.
value of petsonal enlightenment) they also place an equal
@mphasisson) personal dieipline, an@motionless state [eV Ge Oa
they'call Cold' Mindy)To thesé)Wan Kueij, there is no Devil-Tigers: Fascinatingly... virile, but totally
meaningful) control that does not Gome, fromewithint disinterested in matters that do not make them rich
Cicer eMC R Nee Rae case ae emia or mighty. They'd rather steal peeks at the future
its foll6wers cannot master them and must have them than understand the processes that forge tomorrow
imposed, then clearly there is no enlightenment taking Resplendent Cranes: Admirably devoted to
ECE clita ecimMaeg eens the ideals of learning, but far too rigid in approach.
existence, the'tutelage he receives is/largely composed of If only they could learn that grasping desperately is
riddles his master prepares and hands our when the time (URANUS LE
is right. The rest of the vamipire's time is his own} for if he Thousand Whispers: So intent on the process,
is not/incessant in his pursuitvof enlightenment and they forget the end. The eyes do not learn when they
knowledge for their own sakes, he is unsuited forthe Song read, the soul learns when it understan:
of the Shadow. Thrashing Dragons: Light to darkness, wood to
Faults: Though they are6ften fascinatingtéthosewho. (SMMRIRSURINGS Tas earatas
know them little, the/Bone Dancers are cruel and detached.
Their air of detachment allows them to serenely contem-
plate any brutality, any betrayal, so long as it serves their
ultimate ends. Though their Cold Mind cari often be an
asset, many Bone Dancers live their seéond existence
essentially alone, wrapped in self-isolation even when in
the midst of their wu-mates.
Affiliations: Metal, the number 4, the color black
and the west direction

are your learning with others, but be certain
they understand it to be a precious gift

parting of the living and the dead is hard

Concepts: Courtesan, eunuch, destitute scholar)
matriarch, silk farmer, frustrated rebel, gravedigger,
necrophile

Sobriquets: Bone Dancers, Shadow Songs, Quiet
Songs, Bone Flowers


Tue Patu oF 2 THousanp
Wuispers
Virrue: Baance

At the center of the wheel of Wan Kuei society, the
Thousand Whispers are very much outsiders. They are
forever apart from the Yin-Yang tensions that drive relations
between the other Dharmas, loners in a ferociously gregari-
ous society. Their fellow vampire see them as mysterious,
strange and not entirely good or pleasant.

The Thousand Whispers believe that the lot of the Ten
Thousand Demons is to find salvation however they may. For
most other vampires, that is serving Heaven issome fashion. The
Thousand Whispers, however, believe that their path to redemp-
tion lies not in loyal service but in accumulating wisdom.

Seeking to cultivate enlightenment until they ="

become true bodhisattvas, the Thousand Whispe
know their undead form is prohibitive to balanced
life. Monstrous hungers drive the
Wan Kuei, and they
cannot suffer
proper deaths, for
their sins have yY
laced them be: GY
P Yy
yond reincarna-Z
tion. To combat
this, they prac- Y
tice the Broken W/
Mask Technique, by a7]

which they live out il

fy,

AY

sioop & Six

a succession of mortal existences. In each, the Wan Kuei
tows, changes and observes the worldjaround him through
the eyes ofan assumed identity. In each, the vampire eventu-
ally exhausts the life's possibilities and lets the identity wither
and die. The mortal seeming, with all its*hates, fears and
frailties, is crumpled up and castiaside like a snake's used-up
skin. But the l-at-the-center, the vampire himself, remembers
its insights and understanding and grows enlightened over a
thousand mortal lifetimes.

This abstract approach to enlightenment isnotéasy. The
Wan Kueiare anything but detached —the Rootless Tree can
still tear itself apart. Letting go of life is never easy, even for
those who have taken the Second Breath. Likewise, the
warring urges of the virtues are a great enemy to all but the
oldest Hollow Reeds. Also, the Hollow Reedsare distrusted by
their fellow Wan Kuei. The other Dharmas are each propo-
nents of their own elemental virtue, and the balance of the

~, Thousand Whispers seems strange and confusing to
beings so wrapped up in their own agendas.

Perhaps it is because they stand outside the

« Oe a sig Kuei society
LE — _ thatthe Thousand
()

ty Se AN

Cuarrer Two: Many Roans Back

Whispers have gained an important place within it. Many
Thousand Whispers are great ritualists,and the Thousand Whis-
per sorcerer is as strong an archetype among the Hungry Deadias
the Devil-Tigerdemonologist. Also, like the Devil-Tigers, the
Thousand Whispers are great trainers of chih-mei. Though they
have a completely different system foreducating their pupils —
using mysticism and.koans where the Devil-Tigers use fire and
iron rods — they are considered just as effective as the Devil-
Tigers at their task.

Training: In its early stages, Thousand Whisper train-
ing has the same)goal as that of any Dharma — keep the
subjects from sliding back into the cannibalistic chih-mei
state long enough for them to be set upon a Dharmic path.
To accomplish this, the Hollow Reeds distract with mysti-
cism andbkeep pupils ina ritualistic environment until they
understand their condition well enough to cope with it.

The Thousand Whispers training proper is more com-
plex. The Hollow Reed must take in the world around it, yet
not become the world around it. Inside, it must remain
empty, devoid of the spiritual and emotional baggage that
makes learning impossible. WithRunning Monkeys, allthat
can be done is to open thedoor to future enlightenment —
the principle of the RootlessTreeistoo large, too difficult for
asimple, almost-mortal mind to grasp. Appreciation of the
valtie.of the Broken Mask Technique grows over human
lifetimes.of experience, not weeks or months of tutelage.

To plate the young Thousand) Whisper on the road to
énlighténment, specially designed riddlesiare used. Different
for each student, the master craftsithese conundrums so that
they remain with the studentiover his first centuriesyunfold?
ing new meanings witheach step along the Dharmio,road.
Students are also trained in disguise and taught the principles
of htiman behavior, so'that'the masks:they eventually. con-
struct for themselves can be.true"énough for them to gail
genuine enlighrénment from the exercise. In the end, the
master provides the student with three mortal identities and
with the recommendations, funds, introductions and other
trappings necessarysto"take root»in the'soil of Wan Kuei
culture. After that; the student is on her'own'— like the
insects they venerate; thé Wise\Gentipedes do not recognize
their children'once they have left the egg.

Faults: For all that itoffers a road to redemption, the Broken
Mask Technique is'the most difficult of the Dharmic paths to
follow. While it is hard to step off, it is also incredibly difficult to
progress. Maintaining the separation, between lives and closing
the door on each "incarnation" as itvends are far from easy tasks.
Some Thousand Whispers find the path enlightening, butmany
moreare tom by the conflicts of their Virtuesandeitherfall tothe
Demon or join other Dharmas. Rare atid aloof, the Thousand
Whispers have an unpleasant reputation for being more inter-
ested in the Road Back than their companions on that road, one
which is not entirely undeserved.

Affiliations: Earth, the number 0, the color white and
the center point direction

Concepts: Formermadman, spy, conartist, visionary prophet,
Buddhist priest, orphan, martial arts master, official, hermit,
innocent tortured and executed for a crime she didn't commit

Sobriquets: Thousand Whispers, Hollow Reeds, Root-
less Trees, Wise Centtipedes

1: The road to enlightenment is 10,000 lives long,
each one different.

2: Each life is a learning experience. If you fail to
learn, you have wasted the life.

3: Ten thousand of the same notes do not make a
song. Ten thousand of the same lives do not make a
buddha. Balance is a dynamic force, not a static one.

4: Lives are lessons, not prisons or possessions. Do
not cling to the trappings of any one particular exist-

ce. When you leave a life, close the door for

5: Righteousness is excellent, but there is more to

nlightenment than heroism. The enlightened man is
both courageous enough to wrestle tigersand wise enough
to know when such displays are needless or futile.

6: Force the understanding of sight on those who
will not see. Force the understanding of hearing on
those who wish to remain deaf. All things must know
that life is composed of choices — let no creature mak
those choices without questioning itself.

7: Balance begets balance. When yousee that which
is not balanced, balance it. If it cannot be balance
destroy it, for imbalance is abhorrent to Heaven.

Though you live 1,000 lives and wear 1,000 faces,
the you-at-the-center must watch and learn. If you lived
10,000 years, yet forgot each year's lessons with the
turnings of the season, you would still know no more than
an infant.

Riva: Patus

Devil-Tigers: They wear different masks now than
when they lived, but they are one-dimensional beings.
Wisdom comes through understanding, notbeingacliché

Resplendent Cranes: Ten thousand aphorisms do

not constitute enlightenment. Ten thousand contemp:
tuous glances do not constitute superiority. When the
Cranes learn that they too are imperfect, they will have
truly set themselves upon the road to

Bone Dancers
learning but wear only a single mask. Less mourning and
more laughter might ease their road

ghteousness.
They know the critical nature of

Thrashing Dragons: There is more tothe dance of life
than spastic jerking. One does not achieve enlightenment

in the ways of the world by rutting and drinking alcohol.

In every raindro : ere are 1,000

lessons, if only wehad eyes enough
to apprehend them!

a

tightly wrapped bundle of hunger and sexuality. Though
THE Bawce OF THE shévoffers prayers to her victimsyand thinks them sacred,

THRASHING DrRacon she still finds fulfillment in the highly distasteful practice

of flesh eating asiwell as in carnal congress of every sort.

V; . This is not to say thatieyery Thrashing Dragon is a
JREe® Yang cannibalistic sexual predator orj/rather, that any given
Animists and naturalists, the Thrashing Dragons Thrashing Dragon is such a creature.at all,times. Most
seek to walk the Road Back through profound under- Running Monkeys are at leastis interested in capturing
standing of the world around them. The natural world, | jhe opportunities they missed in life as they are inindulg-
they believe, is an educational illusion, a sacredephemera ing their monstrous urges. Likewise, though#ina and
created to enlighten those willing to learn. mandarins grudgingly adore their predatory character,
The Thrashing Dragons are guardians of the Yang they also know that there is a difference between
World. A holy text is nothing but paper and ink, but it immersion in the illusion and becoming lost
can still contain enlightenment. Likewise, the ephem- in it. Depending on perspective, it can
era they protect is a creation of the August Personage, be comforting or frightening that a
containing the keys to all wisdom. It Thrashing
must be trimmed, tended and Dragon who
protected from the dep- raped
redations of the Yama and de-
Kings and other unrigh- . ss x 2 f 2 * X voureda
teous beings. Garden-

60 sioop & Six
eS | er

young
ers and fero- boy can
cious de- 9 Ay then
fenders ° éwrite
of the a poems
spirit to the or-
ways, the chids in her garden or
Thrashing Qi \ teach classes in Taoist
Dragons x\ 4 alchemy.

even garner

limited, #
grudging re- Th
spect from 'R

ne . K When not indulg-
ing themselves, a

\ Thrashing Dragon can

\ wear as many tasks

the Fero- asaRootless Tree. He
cious People, yy may be a loving )par-
who con- 4 ent, a naturalist, a

sider them bal farmer, a poet or a
freakish, dis- +7 ; prostitute/Rubbing el-
tasteful, but j Pg bows with the Devil- Tie
occasionally Wg cers in the.sluims, he is
useful allies. B}\ "A. PE" equally avhome in the mon-
Most asteries: of thesResplendent
Wan Kuei feel like- Y Cranes. Anything to bring/him
wise. Thrashing WY closer to the sacred dance of lifes
Dragon attempts to Unlike the Thousand Whispers, how-
penetrate and ever, the Thrashing Dragons make no
learn from aa pretenses about their nature. Most Laugh-
illusion of life ing Rainbows see the Broken Mask Tech-
have a dis- nique as vaguely repulsive, a profane mon-
tinctly preda-\\ ster misrepresenting itself as a sacred living
tory bent. Ac- Yi being and cheating the natural order of its
cepting her place wisdom rather than learning it in a proper,
as a monster even honest fashion.
as she despises her- Many Thrashing Dragons are
self for it, the ste- shapeshifters, so that they can explore life's
reotypical Thrash- rich pageant ina myriad of forms. Thrashing
ing Dragon is a Dragon mandarins are almost universally


Charter Two: Many Roans Bacx

familiar with'the spirit courts of the Yang Realm. Though
theiGelestial Bureaucracy continues to fall into decayiand
decadence, the Thrashing Dragons continue to form the
diplomatic staff of the Wan Kuei when' negotiating with
these spirit lords. Now showeverjthey do notask for advice
and assistance in the name of Heaven, but come with bribes
of jade and proposals of alliance, as the princes of the Yang
World become more like warlords and potentates with
each passing year.

Training: Most Thrashing Dragons were strait-laced
before their deaths, and their agonies in Yomi showed
them the value of the life they forswore. Thrashing
Dragon teachers work one-on-one with students, teach-
ing them Taoist and Wan Kuei scripture, educating chem
in the etiquette of the spirit realms and showing them the
blood-soaked glories of the flesh. Asa distant cousin of the
Devil-Tiger taskmaster, the Thrashing Dragon tutor is
not gentle but keeps her student alert with the thrill of
danger and the stingiof pain

A young Thrashing Dragon misses most nuances{6f
the faith. He learns some greetings for spirit beings and
has a glossing acquaintance with mortal theology. His
masters expect this and send him out to revel in the state
ofthe Running Monkey, to live the life he always dreamed
Of but meyer had. Those who eannotteconcile themselves
to their undead staté!6r who cannot)carve out an exist-
fice Soon meet their ends. This is right and proper —
nature is fierceyii6t Gentle. Nolereature is born with the
@uarantee of even a second's existence. All that.isalive
must forever strugglejjand so, the disciples must likewise
struggle, Thosewho survive long enough to become bored
eventually make theitiway back to thé Dharma's temples
and training camps, where.they learn the subtleties of
their role. Thotigh theother Dharmas are often harsh to
young Dragons amok in the worldythe Dharmaas a whole
does not begrudge their fellow vampires. If the predator
does not set upon the herd, how will the weak be win-
nowed from the sttong?

Faults: For all that they idolize the living, Thrashing
Dragons are thémselves forever cut off from the.pulse of
life: Not only does their messy, carnivorous streak often
attract attention, it also conceals an immense self-loath-
ing. No matter if the hearts they consume are still beating,
these Wan Kuei are still unliving, and they can never
forget it. Their love for life is all too often just a bit too
forced, and though they praise the living, there is envy in
their eyes. To be the object of their.affection is often far
from pleasant — those things that a Thrashing Dragon
loves or covets, he often consumes.

Affiliations: Wood, the number 3, the color green
and the east direction

Concepts: Gambler, scout, chef, courtesan, wild savage,
former secret policeman, monk, peasant rebel, intellectual

Sobriquets: Thrashing Dragons, Laughing Rainbows,
Green Devils

TeNners

1: Life is an illusion. Unless you can understand
every part of the illusion, you cannot penetrate it.

2: Life's vibrancy in the external world is reflected in
the ongoing process of existence. Life's vibrancy in the

internal world is reflected in the passions. Cultivate and
learn from your passions as you would learn from nature.

3: The world is your garden. Tend it carefully, keep
it free of pests, andas your wages, take whatever fruit you
wish to eat.

4: Foster growth in that which is healthy, and cut
down that which is unhealthy. It is of no use for the
dying and the dead to prolong their pains and hold
themselves separate from the Cycle of life.

5: Your condition is abominable, bearable only
because it is the will of Heaven and because you serve
a just cause. Partake of death as little as possible, and
bathe in life at every opportunity.

6: Embrace the sun when it rises in the morning,
kiss it
7: There is no greater enemy of darkness or friend
of life than laughter. Do not forget that this is nothing
more than an illusion, ultimately no more important
than a shadow-play. Laugh often and easy, lest you cry.

‘oodbye as it sets in the evenir

8: Protect the spirits, for they are the source of life
and the heart of the Cycle. Give them due reverence,
and protect them from harm.

jVAL PATHS

Devil-Tiger: Passionate, but mindless. All that
excess, just to prove they're monstrous! No wonder they
dream of destroying the world — they have no idea
what it's for!

Resplendent Crane: If anything offends me, it is
the smarmy self-righteousness of these prancir
ars. Old women, only happy when they're squawking

chol

about how the world's gone to hell.

Bone Dancers: Too much time petting skulls! Let
the dead keep company with the dead
dance the dance of life with me, sad sister!

They're just like the old
Wan Xian, using the Great Cycle to their advantage,
rather than adhering to the natural order. No good can

come and

come of that sort of cleverness!

ou, aud see the
splendogps mirage. Ht is
Heaven's #4tt tog nd we must
tend it, 6 it teaches ust


Caaprer Taree: Taxing THe Seconn Breamt

63

—ENAPTER) PHREE:
FAKING TNE

sSLOND

BREATH

Foriéertain is death for the.bom
And certain is birth for the dead;...
— Bhagavad Gita,.2:27

Muchulikethelsouls of. the"WanKuei} this‘chapter
hasva dual natures*On_the*one_hatid, ‘it Covers the
mechanics. of creatifig-Wan_.Kuei, of*the*kourth Ager
Generallyythis process-qtite-similar to,créating.almod4
ern Kuei-jin_in Kindred _of*the-East.. The, times are
different, howéver and so.theré*are_distinetions. This
section deals.orily, With 'thoselaspects. that, vary between
the Fourth and Fifth ge, so'as not torepeat infortatiort
already availabl@in»Kindred of the East. A-completé

summary "of "character®creation appears 6n pages, 64
through 66, howeyer:

The Second part of this cHaptericoncerns itself with
thé'intangibles of characters*fthe Fourth Age. The era
of, Blood & Silk is very differeritfrom Gur own, and this
section should help you" make»déeisions about your
chatacter's life and death. Alongwwith a wide,wariety of
player advice, this Section-includes'a series ofysample
backgrounds,to-help you ¢h6ose an appropriate' life! for
your vampire.

64

* Step One: Concept
Choose balance, direction, Dharma, Hun
Nature, P'o Nature and Demeanor. Choose a
~ template (optional, see pp. 75-81).
* Step Two: Attributes
Set priorities, and assign dots for Physical, Social
and Mental categories
character gets one free dot in each Attribute:
Step Three: Abilities
Set priorities, and assign dots for Talents, Skills
"and Knowledges (13/9/5).
No Ability may be higherthan 3 at this time.
© Step Four: Advantages
Choose Disciplines (two Demon Arts, three
Others;no more than three dots in any at this
step) and Backgrounds (any 5); rate Chi
Virtues (4). Your character gets one free dot
in each Chi Virtue.
~ * Step Five: Finishing Touches
Record Hun and P'o scores (3.each), Willpower
#(5) and Dharma rating (1).
ag Send, freebie points (15).
3 Reeérd final Willpower (equal to final Hun score
= ifhigherthancurrent Willpower), beginning

final permanent scores), beginning Demon
Chi (equal to final P'o score).

Determine guanxi ratings toward other players'
characters (5 + [wu-mate's Charisma] —[your
character's P'o or Yin, whichever is higher]):

Cry Basance

¢ Yin: Yow are a creature of shadows and death.

s of your Chi.
© Yang: You turn to light and life.

"Dyrectjon

North: You serve the society of Wan Kuei,
uniting all under the laws and traditions of
the ancestors.

© West: You unite the Wan Kuei of the present
moment and material world with the larger
cosines, speaking for and to the spirits of the
worlds beyond the Wall.

© Center: You.set the example for other Wan.

also guide others on their respective routes to
redemption.

(7/5/3).- Your

"temporary Yin and Yang Chi (equal tow

"® Balance: You harmonize the divided elements

Kuei by seeking Dharmic perfection; youmay ~~

Biood'& Sux

orld fike Metal and Bone.
° The Path of a Thousand Whi (Balance): The
Central Way, alli th and Jade.

© The Dance ofthe Thrashing Dragon (Yang): The
Eastern Way, stretching and growing like Wood

and Flesh:

all your efforts as

failures and_reminds ae Superior
achievements: of tho ne before.

° The Your Po seeks | ¢ produce a single

ct work of beaw mets bitterly to
everything tha you from that task.

* The Bandit: Your Plo = whatever others value

and takes t hether it can

_use the mn merely as oth Tom using them.

¢ The Barbariar GET ait Biery work

of your culeure;. ved Be extend control, it

works the institutions to
which ¥ ?

* The Deceiver: Yo yes anet of lies around

you, sharing everyone in‘your vicinity.

¢ The Demon: Your P'o seeks to rae the whole
world and-dragitinto" ds

©. The Echo: Your P'o hasnovoice oi its own; instead,

"it simply speaks inthe voices of those you left
behind when you escaped Yomi.

* The Eunuch: Your P'o strikes at your ability to
create, channeling all its energy into-schemes
aimed at twisting the work of others.

¢ The Fool: Your P'o cares only for the pleasures of
the moment and fi kagainst-every effort


CuapreR Taree: Taxing THe Sccono Breath +

_* The Monkey: Your P'o yearns for novelty and

© The Sage: Your P'o endeavors to make you doubt
_s@ethestruth of the teachings you now follow,
aa "tantalizing you with hints of superior wisdom
elsewhere.

eS ex. Y« %o believes in your fundamental

u seeks to sell'you into bondage

tosome suitable master.
* The Vi ur P'o seeks to return to life as you
lived it before the Second Breath and' cares
; nothing for the concerns of the Wan Kuei.
, © The Warrior: Your P'o sees every situation as a
battle and pushes you toward the next fight.

DjscjPLjNes
Cu; Ars

© Equilibrium: The delicate science of balancing Yin
and Yang.
5 Fens Shui: The art of "wind:and water," * Chinese
. Still rare in this era.

ee

©Chi in the environment.

; ¢ Yang Prana: The yogaof Yangenergy, empowering

: you with the-force of the crimson fountains.

Yin Prana: The yoga of Yin energy, empowering -
you with the'force of the quiet blackness.

° Godbody of Fire: Kindling Chi into flame and
directing the resulting conflagration. ~

* Godbody of Metal: Channeling death energies to
transform the body.

a * Godbody of Water: Making the vital fluidperform

= new feats. fort -dead body.

* Godbody-of Wood: Empowering the ee ae :

of the body in accordance with a

Pe
© Godbody of the Beast: Commanding the creatures

of nature (ayoungart, available only upto level 3).

© Godbody of Smoke: Obscuring the ‘truth: with

wisps of smoke (a young.art, available only up to

yeeelevel 3).

constantly seeks whatever is behind the next ~~

© Tapestry: Tracing and re-weaving the patterns of "Bacrgrounns ae e

65

° Godbody of the Storm: Merging the vampiric body
with thefury of unleashed elements (a young art,

available‘onlyup tolevel 3).

Sour Djsqpiynes —
sc tivation; ° Thescience of the P'o, and themeans
y which it may be subdued. .
* Dragon Tear (Chi'iu Muh): The arts of the third
eyé, and the insights it grants. —
¢ Internalize; Subduinig'the will for actionin ==
harmony with the All.

© Obligation: The science of the Hun, and the mean: S
. aby whi h it may be directed.

b Br

¢ Black Wind: Tapping the P'o to gain preternatura

speed.

© Godbody of the Demon: Taking on aspects of the

twisted form the P'o imagines itself as having.

¢ Iron Mountain: The P'o strengthens the body.

° Kiais The new art of unleashing the P'o in

devastating screams.

¢ Allies: Mortal men women who support you,

. Contact: Useful acquaintances, willing to

n formation and the occasional service

without major commitment to or from you.

* Fame: Renown in mortal society. J

¢ Herd? Devotees and followers whose Chi you Can

drain without fear of repercussion. 4

© Horoscope: Auspicious omens, which can provid
a bit of luck at keymoments.

* Influence: The ability to move mortal society,

whether or not the people you move know of yor
existence and condition.
Jade Talisman: A properly prepared tepository 6
Chi,
sable eater eiichanred creation of some

© Mentors An older. Wan Kuei who advises and
you (or perhaps a network of alliancesin

~ your court).
° Nacht? A guardian spiritbound to-your wu.

® Resources: Wealth, in its various forms.

* Retainers: Servants and assistants, committed £6
you personally rather than to shared goals.
¢ Rites: Mastety of some of the ritual magic known té

Ge

CHaracrerR MEcHANjcS

The basic system of character design ih Blood' & Silk
is the samé as that outlined in Chapter Three of Kindred
of the Bast. You havealmost the same numbér of dots and
points to play with, You go"through the satfie_stéps, and
you are creating the samel6verall typé of character on
of the én Thousand Demons.

But the Hungry Déad of the FotrtheAge aféendt
entirely similar to their successors in the-FiftheNotenly
do they existin a different social setting = meaningithey
have access.to different Abilities — bit the Very natureof
the Tapestry they moyelthrough! is*different. Chapter
Four examines thedifferences in-the"Ages-more closely,
but they do¢harige some of the options foryour. characters
The following sections carry you through:the.différences
and similarities of character creation®

Concert AND Basjc Trajrts.

Blood & Silk takes place mor@than,800yearsago, so
obviously, character Concepts andibackgrounds "are going:
todiffemfrom,those ifjKindred of the*East*Lhe second
Ralf ofthis'chaptér deals*explicitly With developingap-
propriate conceptsforth€ era/and setting. Howeverpthe
Choices'for basic Character Traits

© Balance funétions asit does in the Fifth Age follow.
the-guidélines on"pp, 80-81 ofiKindred of the East.

* Direction fimctions,as it does in the Fifth Ages
follow.theguidelinésompp. 8i+82.of Kindred of the East.
See alsorthe.noteS:on pagés,124.and 125,0f this book.

© Dharitiafutctions generally the same wayit does in
the Rifth»Agé, although" the beliefs"6f €ath, Road !Back
eOntinuetoeyolvewith timeaFull'déscriptions of each of
the fivebasie Dharmas inthis ta appear if ChapterLwon,

TEyourStorytellePallowsitsyoumayalse chooseone ofthe

~_heretical*Dharnias, obtlined imrthe Kindred oftthe.East..
go, Me, SR, be ‘

Freesje Pojnts

Attribute 5

Ability 2 (3 for Martial Arts)
Discipline 10

Background 1

Chi Virtue 3

Hun

P'o

Willpower

Companion. (The Spiritofthe Living Earth Dharma is
unavailablesbecause it has yet tolbe developed.)

* Hun Nature is the same as "Nature" in Kindred
of the East and funétions as outlinedonip. 82 of that
booke"PHe Chafigein nomenclature simply reflects a
sharpéf distinction, bétweeniipartssof theoul in the
Fourth"Age.

¢ Po Nature isno different than in the Fifth'Agesbut
there are moréloptions to chodse from. You may select
youricharacter's, P'o"Nature-from those listed on pp: 92 -
93.of'Kindredof the East and'pp. 83-84 of this book.

*Demeanor,is'the same as in the Fifth Age;.follow
the-gtiidelinesion.p%82 of Kindred of the-East:

ATTRIBUTES*AND ABjLjTIES

Choosifig~A tributes and A bilities furtetiOns just as it
does in Kindred ofthe Bast. Because the sétting of Blood
‘& Silkgis different;towever, the choice of, Abilities is
Slightly..differenteMost work as presentédsin Vampire:
The Masquerade and Kindred of theEast),butnotiall:

¢ Disallowed-A bilities: The foll6wing modém Abili®
ties Obviously have no place in Fourth,Age,chronicles:
Drive, Birearms and Computer.

*New Abilities: Chapter Fours(pp: 85-86) lists,
seVétal new Abilities:proper to the era of Blood Silk.
Yoitymay freely,choose from thems

Djscipujnes

Choosing Disciplines functions largely, buynotom-
pletely, as it does in Kindred of the" East..The.most
significant difference is that Wan Kueéindistiples'in. the
Fourth:Agélhave a somewhat easiet tite.aéquiring their
unlivingpowers in the first years after the Second Breathe
‘As such,,statting charactets get five dots-t6 spend-on
‘Disciplifiesrather thanithe three dots standard inmodetht
Kindred ‘of-the East. Two of these dots mustjg6_into

Cuaprer Tinee: Taxing Tie Seconn Breant

Demon Arts, and no single Disciplineéan be raised higher
than three dots at this stage. In addition, someDisciplines
are not available or have béen modified for che Fourth
Age, as\described below.

Cu Arts

The ChiArts are largely the same in the Fourth and
Fifth-Ages. Equilibrium, Tapestry, Yang/Prana and Yin
Pranatallwork as presentedin Kindred of the East, pp.
101-1075-and*you may assign dots _to"them as normal.
Feng Shui, however, is very rare"in the Fourth Age, Still
taking form asea_systematic..Disciplihe rather chan. a
colléction of independenvideas. Insofar as anyone prac-
tices.ie"it works as presented*in Kindred of. the Bast
Compahion, pp. 63-64, The Storyteller must-approve
any.dots in Feng Shui?

Devon Aarts

TheDemon ArtSare similarly unchangedinBlood &
Silk. Black Wind and the Godbody of the Demon (a.k.a.
Demon Shintai) work as presented in Kindred of the
East, pp. 107-109, while Hellweaving, Iron Mouritain
and Kiai do.sowas' presented in Kindred' of the East
Companion, pp..69-76»Y oumiay.purchase-dots in"any Of,
the Demon Arts éxcept.Hellweaying; which is réserved
fot the dreaded.aktma,'servitorsof the-YamaKings. Kiai
iS. a newlydevelopéd Discipliné)a synthesis of Warr Kuei
innertormenewithBuddhise notions of spiritual power,
butiit €njoyswidespread popularity.

"Godbody of the'Demon" mearis'the satite thing as
"Demon Shintai"and-isa stylisti€ ratherthahsubstan-
tial change..Ke@pin MindyhoWever, thatwhile Yomi'is
indeed formidabl@in the FourthAgepnot all vestiges Of,
theoriginalnoticmef divine purification hayéyet been.
lost" Demon formS%of the Fourth Age*teflect a.mix of
the monstrouselenientsicommon to thé Fifth Age with
an earlierstraithof tighteous*fury. They invoke fear of
a descending celestial _powér as "well*as\of'a_risitig
infernal ménace-

Tut Govzopy (or SHynraj) Discpiines

The shifitai of the Fifth" Age most Glearlyreflect.the
depthstowhich the heirs of the Wan Xian descend. lin the
Foutth»Age, ‘the Bodbody, Disciplines still fétain the el-
eménitabassoviations they boreintthe beginfiing"As such,
Bl66d}"Boné,Jade, Fleshvand Ghost-Flame*Shintai are
unknown in'the Fourth Age and uriavailableiin Bloodi&
Silk. They arereplaced by hew Disciplines —Godbody of
Earth, FireMetaly"Wood-arid Water = déscribed'on.
pages 86-95!


Beast, Smoke and Storm Shintaiarewety much works
in progress, seétiby some as signs of the Fifth' Age. Only
the'first thtee dots of each exist as. systematic powers, as,
presented in the Kindred of the East Companion, pp. 827
85. Advancement past the third dot isnot possible at this
time, although the Storytellemmight allow a charactePto
do so after long experimentation' and:questing, as'well'as
a heavy experience point_expéndittite. Like thé other
Disciplines in thiseategory, these ate generally referred to
as godbodiés) instead of shintaiy

Blood'& Silk is set at the twilightofithe Fourth Age}
so therear€ quite possibly especially depraved Charatters
who ‘havelalready made*the transitiofeto the "Age of.
Darknessandwuse the modern shintai-Disciplines# These
Vampixes"setve best as Storyteller characters, "although
their"depravity" will eventually.spreadtoall Wan Ktei as
they enter the Fifth'Aige. See p»l07_ forTules foyerhing
this transition.

Sour Arts

The Soul Artsyof Cultivation, Chi'tuyMuh "aka.
Dragon Tears), Initernalize and Obligationwork thesame
inthe Fourth'Ageastheydo in the Fifth, using the systemi$
presented in Kindredof the East, pp. 119+126-Mibasham.
and/Tzu Wei (see Kindred of the East Coftipanion, pp.
88-91) are notavailableinBlood & Silk. They depend on)
the intellectual:synthesis of later dynasties.and will, fot
exist until the 17th céntury.

BackcGRounps

Backgrounds function thé same "way,inythe Fourth
and Fifth Ages. See Vampire: The Masquerade, pp»130-
133, for information on Allies,»@ontactsy-Fameé, Herd,
Influence,"Mentor, Resources atid Retairers.. Sée Kin
dred ofthe East, pp» 86-87, fot information.on ‘Horo-
scope, Jade\Talisman, Magic Artifact; Nushinand Rites:

Virrurs

The Chi and Soul Virtues function largelyas they do
in the Fifth Age, although the balaince'of power dipsiless
tdward'the Demon inithese earlier timés,

¢ Chi Virtues,(Yiti and Yang);.Choose these as
described on.pp..88906f Kindred of the East. Remember
to respéct your,chdice of balatice.

* Soul Virtues (Huniand P'o): The Hun'ef Fourth,
AgeVampires.is generally more of an equal pattner to the
P'o'than.inJater nights. Starting Hun is 3 instead of 1 im
this period» Startin#*P'dxis stills.

Wiurower

Willpower functidiis just-astt'does in the Fifth Age.
However;theSec6nd BreathisSomewhat léss harrowing
at this time'than in. the futtife..As-such, cHaracters start
with Willpower Seand so donot Teedsto Spend. freebie
poifits to aise it to,that level (as théydo imKindred of
the East):

Bioop & Sjur

From Numsers To
Cuaracter: RErjNiING
Wan Kur; Concepts

The object of chatacter creation is notto make an
elegant' distributidtmof"dots, but to"forge the basies"6f a
pétsona for'you.to™portraypand flésh..otit"in Plays This
section, addressés.a Variety of. social"and setting issues|t6)
hélp you add depth.to-y6tr-eoncept.and becomelaware of
some of the Unique Considerations of the medieval Middle
Kingdon: None ofitheseiconsiderations necessarily im-
pactditéctly on game mechaniés, but they aredmportant
toveharacter concepts nonetheless.

The basic process of becoming Wan Kuei hasn't
changed since prehistory, but the details remain in con-
stant flux. Nothing here applies in/each and every case:
Thisjsection reflects the general state of affairs. Players
and Storytellersshouldféel atliberty to use it as astarting
point.for modifications and adjustments to reflect par-
ticularcircumstainees.

ire

Al|LWanKuei lived before they died. When thinking
about, your-charactéry, sét,aside»Dharmay direction and
everythingielse for awhile, and think about what sottiof
man or woman the charaetét was: the days when.Ghi
and breath flowed haturally. Youcan build a concept from
th€ ground up ofttakeone of the sample coneépts (See pp.
75°81) asa startifigpdint. Don'tfeel constrained tofollow,
atémplate-atevery, point; use it to bridge the gaps'whére
inspirationefails.or runs sluggishly.

Nationality: Every Wan Kuei ofthe FourthAge
lived somewhere. in "Asia; the age of expansion.throtgh-
Sut theworld Gomés'after the era of Blood & Silk--Your
thoice of nationality, makes a tremendotis difference,
setting*boundaries'on-the character's-outlook, ‘range off
experienceand 6pportunities (aftertheSecond Breath as
well as before). You should make your thoicein Consulta"
tion with the Storyteller and the othéFplayeérs if only.
to"ensute that all*yout characters can Goexist.

Chinas sufferswpolitical turmoil, with' the*Jtirchen,
barbarians occupying northern Chiria.and the;S6uthern
Songedynasty ruling only the lowerhalfof traditional
Chineséterritory»Despite (and impart because of) the loss
of political control, Chinese culture flourishes, and the
economic bonds of Chinese empite extend wellbbeyond)
the political borders thanks to tradesBV¥en at its. early
height, the Song dynasty never controllédhas fuch as
previousdynasties. The eldest Wan Kiteilodkwitl sorrow.
‘on the dimimished stat@of the empire; their-diSciples:
fejoiceat the number of minds and hearts-opén to.Chi-
hese truthsiand worry léss about where the borders mayli€
on maps.

Cuapter Taree: Taxing THe Seconn Breath

Nihon, or Japan'to use the,modérn term, stumbled
into civil war a generation ago, ending the Heian. eralof,
peace and prosperity that began 400 years earliet: All but
the youngest Running Monkeys look on the current era in
shock and dismay — or with ambition and cunning. Wan
Kuei,from the mainland regard the gaki (their Japanese
cousins) with,suspicion; during the Heian/era, Japanese
scholars*gradually developed borrowed Kérean and Chi-
nese déctrines into'somethingymore distinctively Japa-
nése, This.work,continues even as the Breat,lords of the
land engage irtincreasingly brutal anddestabilizing battles
‘With*eachsotherCommionérs-strugglé to protect. them?
selves, now that' their/lords firid outright fightifig.more
féwardihg than the honor of,leading in peacetime

Two hundred and fifty years,ago, the Koryodynasty.
united the.traditional Three Kingdoms of théK6rean:
peninsula into aSinglekingdom Chaos has.plagued the.
aréa in fecent/generations» However, with asseriés of
assassinations andicolips shaking up the dynastic land-
stape.A strongman is now in control, but the scars of
past bloodshed still run deep — especially among the
Wan Kuei.

oe Age oF Bigorny ie
fee ee rights hid the
ality of every individual arose in
"Asmostedi te Wik fede ec cauchtodth Asin,
"Every cul and during the era of Blood &
Silke made distinctions i in worth based on ethnicity,
class, sex and countless other factors. Those in the
more ing positions felt entirely comfortable
_ denigrating, using, abusing and neglecting the less
* ~ fortunate f le around them; society's losers took
‘ Bibek suffering with far more resigned acceptance
"than people i in the West would, then or later. The

& "sages of every nation ta innate inferiority of
all outers Individuals « ould and did earn respect

‘ eir | accomplishments, it without iarind
ovel EeiiBes )

| The Road Back mit Bani inate
Piles Se nd BA es to ae of
every background. "doesn't mean that any

individual vampire escapes the bigotry of his time,

_ howeyer, only that he might. Keep in mind that
_ whatever your character was in life, as a vampire,

» she starts equal with everyone else. Emperors and
# "peasants ie fie to ii to exist in their new
ight have been
‘er the Second

much
eine Hy

69

Sex, None of the sociéties of the Blood*& Silk éra.
respect women as the equals of men. Scattered'examples
é@xist of Womenjwho rise to poweroriinflu€nce) but they
are, exceptions. Women of.this era live with much more
limited opportunities and much_less"respéet for their
accomplishments"Some.wothen.wh6 draw*the Second
Breath continue }t6"aceept' the#rdles defined by their
societies —after, all, when theif experiénee after death
confirms so mafty.truths} it wort seem.obvious that some
others*should bequestioned:or discarded. Other women
adopt-as*inspirations the éxceptional'women of past.ctas
andstake-advantage oftheir post-mOrtem freedomfrom.
mortal'frailties. The ReceSsities of political survival and
Dharmiéa@dvancémentalso often lead unliving women to
break out 6fthe molds.imposed.on them in life. Themere
fact that*séveral powerftl ancestors — including, the
Effipress»ofethe ScarlétPhoenix Court)— are women
limits-ufiliving Sexism.

© Class: Throughout the Middle Kingdom,'extremes
of wealth and poverty.exiswside by side. While thedetails
diffétpall the societies of the.era'acknowledge elite ranks
of ‘tulers, thiddle tanks of administrators, scholats and
professionals and lowerranks.of peasants, mérchants‘and
soldiers. Sagés of Heian Japari'pulled.a. bit of.linguistic
sléight-of-hand, using'*the-character Confucian Chinese
Writers use for "Scholar" tomeafi "samurai," preserVing the
teXtualfiction that whatwould later be called bushidowas
Teally=just,.2 "flavorvof Confucianisme:That Changes the
naturéofsth@srulets, but "not ‘their position as-miasters,
belicVEd"by, alltOphave. the.right to dispose.of6thers in,
accordance*with, therulers' own agendas.

None ofthe soéieties of this era havé absolutély. rigid
social structures*Hard work, merit and moneydo make it
possible for people to raise their standing. A, Wealthy
merchant, foninstance, can subsidize thestudies of one of,
his Sons, whogoés on to win a place inthe civil service of
China or Korea; the son then elevates the standing of the
family asa whole. \Heroicsservice in battle may win
promotion and honors forsoldiers. A.patticularly insight-
fulsptiest;orsanyoneyat'all who shows am.aptitude for
understanding the omens, may eat status and appoint-
ment.to ari official'fole; and so on. Likewise}o position
is unassailable! Nobles and commoners alike fall thanks to
failure, corruption, legal charges, demonstrated incompe~
tence andmany ‘tore shotteomings#lt may takégenera-
tions'to ri8e fromthe béttom to the top, but'some of, the
Great dynastiés were founded:-by peasants.

Time. Ais Chapter One'suggésts, history happens
in th@East just as it does inthe WestyCharacter§ who all,
livedjin the old capital €ity of@Hangan, forinstaneé,
might have very different experientesiof it: as a con?
testéd battleground during the Warring Statesperiod, as
the'éenter of culturé and power, imthe Tang dynasty, as
aeplace Ofwfearsand confusion after the end! of 'the
Northern Song dynastyaStarting chafactersare assumed

=t6 have taken thé Second Breathwwithin the'Tast 25 years

Or so, but these dates can change.at the/Storyteller's

discretion. Perhaps some characters spentaninordinateé
amount of time it/¥Omi and awake to fittd)a world
transformed while they suffered.

Orner ConsjDERATJONS

As in‘any era,,.Wan Kuei ofsthe*FourthAge are
largely products of théir breathing-days. Because of thisy
you should think about relationships, trauftias, philoso-
phies"and. great (and not-so-gréat) events*that ‘influ?
enced your character before shé died. Thefollowing
topies"afe especially important and, uniquésto the time
petied afid so.may b@wery, useftilpin®develéping, your
prteélude'and characteribackground:

ViEWs OF THE SuPERNATURAL

Thé mortal sdeicti€és of the Fourth,Age'all take the
Existerice of the supernatural as a given, but differ greatly
in how'they explain it — keepjin mind thatthere.isino
suchething as a Cohesive "Asian culture" or even "East
Asian culture." While'@hinese sages work to reinvigorate
Confucianism, their Korean counterparts refine Bud-
dhism Pinto-néWe forms. suitable to-the needs of their
kingdom, and Japanese statésmen struggle to rationalize a
new era of politiéal chaos"Alll guardiansof.the past claim
torbé the.true"heirsyof the wisdomof*the ancients; all
ifMovators.claifeto be interpréting anciéne truths for the
feeds.of.a. new Age?

Nordoes ahy,country.coveredin Blood & Sillehold
justoné'sev of ideas TheChinese people'practice-a-wide

SIND ret IN SS Aull, S
variety of personal"and..coffimunal eclectic docttines,
combining traditional Gonfiicianism and Tadism, with
nowWwell-establishéd Buddhist\notions.and deVotion"to
local"Spiritualforcés. Their better-educated feighbors
and rulers argue constantly over the/properweight togive
toLegalismy-varidus interpretations, ofsConfucianism;
competing'strains of Taoism and many othenidéas. Simi'
lar complexities apply elsewhere. Beforé*thinking-about
the details of'your.character's individual tixctimstances;
keép in mind this perennial diversity.

Against the.batkdrop of generalacceptance Sf,the
supernatural, Variotis.exceptions offerhodks for,cHaraé-
ters willing to déal With standing ifdisagreetmentywith
their sdcieties!Phe oldest forms of Confucianism proféss
aneextreme agnosticism about all spiritualetfiattersahd
emphasize ritual activities like Sacrifices{to_ancestors
purely because they encourage practitioners to be the
right kind of people. The Legalist philosophers professed
an activelatheism, regarding religious belief purely as a
tool for rulers to use in manipulating the people. Some
Taoist sages and artists develop disbelief: all forms of
personal spirits, regarding the Tao as an_unthinking)
essentially mechanistic force. The burgéonifig.samiurai
class includes many pragmatists who refus€ to worryabout
any-god Whe won't appear before themand produceasign.

Inth@Middle Kingdom, the gods mightdojiist thats
Ateleast, spirits acting in the roles of gods tight=S6
mightthe Wan Kuei, Xiong Ren, hsien or any of several
othersupetnatural beitigs.A sudden encounter with the

Carma Tag: Tare con Br bl Bd

supernatural cat rk racter forever, creating a
) p nce it.aga a

ve few, if any,

0 Pel bed ern sl
and

a " oS ew very li Bx
patel oe angladesh
: eouill ey
A) é

guring' oul hat he Tike

le in every country of thi ry Wan K 1 ‘Sa. a

oved ways of express-
eming a threat to

72 ae

fringes of civilization: These are the'Sorts'6f people who!
awaken their P'6! Choosing this option.for your character
commits hér,to a life of evil

Deatn

Having lived, your charaéter'alsordiéd. The circum-
stances of death should suggest possibilities to yOu,and,
your Storyteller for the hell*the-eHaracter went to and
Certainly affect théoverall perspeCtive your character has
from,the vantage point of deathyabout the meaning/and
worth.ofhis life.

Medi€ine.in the Middle Kingdom dealssbetter, than'
Westétn medicine of the time when itcomes to failures of
the body. Heattitroubles, kidney@ysfunction.andtheliké
allereSpond, effectively to treatmentsof herbsjediétary.
management,yacupuncture/and"so_ort-" Healifigemagic
seldom hurts the processpeithersW estetn medicine, even
in the Middle Ages, deals better with" externally caused,
illness: Gisease, infection and so on. The*oftemcrowded.
conditions of the Middle Kingdom compound.the gap
because larger citieS atid more densely,inhabited farm
lands breed dangerous diseasés more often)

Infant mortality runs high everywhere in.the Blood
& Silk era. Insome particularly hard-hit areas,morethant
half of all children dic before turning ayearoldfand even.
the best care fails tosave a tenthitoa quarterofalhinfants.
The Complications of childbirth cari easilyescalatentd
lethal intensity, too. Infants do not.drawethe.Second
Breath, but mothers who die in childbirthTd6:

Diseases strike downipeople.of evéry age. Plague can.
break out &t any time to sweep a city, provinceornation.
andéan last formonth$oreven years befor€ seteling down
again. Honest doétors do their best-to"*€opé*with these
crises and ‘event do some good, despite'the liniitationsiof
theirknowledge. Evenso, contractitig the plagtieamounts
to adeath sefitence. The cultures 6f the Middle Kingdom.
and-ehvirons frowm.on most forms of suicide,— ever
Japafi with its.seppuku practice — but quiétly, lodksthe
otherway when people inithe throes ofwharthey know
to beteffinalsuffering hasten theitway out ofthe world:

Cumulative.injury also takes its'toll.Brokenbones,
don't always's@tperfectly. Dental problems,can leave the
body Vulnerable, towihfection. Physical-defotmity. and
frailty increasestresS'and makeother injuries more likely.
Matiy people.die n6t so tiuch from a sifigle ‘triggerifig,
evenit as_from,the"eumulative weight of a ‘lifetime ‘of
dathage. Strong-willed chatacters may well hold on to life:
lénger-tharvothers and; ‘thereforeyenter the afterlife with
an extra' burden oftdisability.

Old age "vathérs.up*people-who survived life's other
challénges. Some old people pass'sitroundédby regretful
mournersywho admited theeldér's integritypintélligence
ahd service" Othérold peoplé dic unmourned, theirrela®
tives"and feighbors relieved to-see-atyrantvor worthless
nuisafice depart.

Boon & Six

Burjar

The sdcietiés in the-Blood-& Silk-era have.widely
divergent ideas‘about proper respéct forthedeadContu-
ciar' doctrine favorselaborate interment, with thecorpse
accompanied by artifacts of various'sorts: Many Buddhist
s€¢ts:favor cremation. Japanese'people generally receive'
burial with'rites.as élaboratéas the family catiafford. In all
countfies, erematioftakes plaée. after. battles with heavy
casualties. What.these "cultures sharevis the. belief,that
there are"procedures!which, when Honored»put the soul
of the!deceased atease"and'allow:itto move to the;next
stage. of€xisténce. Ii theMiddle Kingdom, these prac-
ticesmake a genuine difference.

When 4 corpse goes to restjhandled devoutly and
Honored in the manner its culture favorssits soul almost
ever becomes a Wan Kuei unless the P'o had become
active in life. The soul may become a ghost and enter the
Yellow Springs — a fate far more rewarding for Chinese
hosts than the unfortunate ghosts of the Occupied Ter#
Titories — or maysimply pass Ompto its final reward! If the
P'o does déscend to Yomi, it's unlikely to ever manage the
‘Second Breath bétause the Hun has been released prop*
erlyythere's.no point of,attachment left,

Less-ceremonialburialsycreate lingering resentment
inthe souls-of-the Regléeted corpses. Death in plague,
hatutal disasterywary brigandiattack or malignant abuse of
Offigial power "All Sfirhese leaye angry souls that mich.
more motivated to returnto_lifevand ‘settle accounts.
Burial in.someoné else's respectful tradition mayproduce
th€'same result, Simply. because the soul yearns for wharit,
kn OWws (or believes) to be the better way.

@Hiit oF Your Own

Your Characterdied. The P'o separated from the Hun,
andthe P'6féthintothe clutches of Yomi. Ifyotir charactér
‘was promineritly.andnotoriously wicked, some impottant
servantof the Yama'Kings may have.been waiting. More
tisually,.some minor demon snatched.up Your character's,
P'O asypart.of a'toutine sweep throughthe Mirror Lands.
Your Posmay also Raye floated aimlessly for some"time,
befote being,caught in the spiritual €quiyalent of gtavity
andsucked downto Hell.

‘The vast majority of Wan Kuei retainOnly.fragthen-
tatyiimpressions of their time in Yomi, Nonetheless; take
tithe to think about the hell to whichyyourcharacter went.
Work-out'the details with your Storyteller. Consult The
Thousand Hells, or make up a new hell if the given ones
don't quite suit. The key motif, must be the losssor
corruption of something important to,the¢haracter. The,
Wicked City, for instance, punishes both those who hated)
and tried toavoid cities and those whoweréyverycomfort-
able in the midst of the urban world. Hell shouldbeaplace
wherevyoufcharacter confronts the failtire_of-hef hopes

"and ambitions, where'she must survive by turnifig against

herown desires.

ee FT 2 2 vy"

-* i a

c. ai Swe A ae

Caaprer Tiree: Taxing Tie Secono Brearh

Badas they are imrhe Fourth Age; the hells become
worse with time. They originated) before anyjobserver Gf
the Fourth Age can remember, as places of correétion and
enlightenment. Just as the Wan Xian turned from guard-
ians intopredators, so the hells turned from penitentiaries
into prisons. Not all exist to torment souls; many simply
act as places to hold souls to keep them fromgoing to some
other fatesCustoms like the sacrifice of héll money allow
the livingte supportsoulsintheseléss abusive hells as well
as the Soulsthatgo tothe Yellow Springs*Even inthe hells
ruled by YamaKingsbent on imposingstffering, moments
Ofrespitesometimescome. Thesoulswho've been trapped'
along time can tell storiesito newcomers about howir'sall
béengetting steadily worsé, and'they're right. Phe further
theworld drifts from thé primal/way; the worse everything
gets-itt the afterlife.

The Lyjts of Examjnation

Blood & Silk is a game, not a course of psycho-
therapy. It draws on elements of horror and tragedy,
and characters often suffer. Players should not. If you

prefer to choose a few details and leave the rest of the

hells alone, feel free. There's no bonus prize for a
more exhaustive contemplation of Hell, nor will the
roleplaying police take away your license to enjoy
Blood &

existence rather than Yomi.

ilk if you choose to focus on material

RETURN

Having'lived and died; yourcharacter cameback,to
the'taterial world, though not exactly'to life.as*he lsed
to know it. His'P'o gets cut of Yomiymakes itsway across
the deep.voids 6fthe: Yim World,and reenters*hi§ body
along:with'his, Hun.

How dithyout P'o mariage torget loosé? Did.it work
incodperation' With. othét doomed. sduls\(and. pethaps
then betray them, leaving behind a legacy of angry
prisoners who might well accept an offer of demonic
assistafice-to purstie. revenge)?Didsit-cut adeal witha
démon Whowill return at precisely the wrong moment to
démand a fayorin return? Dida démoniorYama King
scent.the potential for the'P'o to, work'great-harm in the
world. and deliberatély let itgo, with orwithourexplain-
ing*the plot to, che*P'o? Or-did it actually manage. to
escape, spotting aweakness iii thedefénse of its helland
exploiting that failing?

Some*souls.return*t6 the" world_after_mere"days, it
Yomi. Othéts, spend weeks;"months,, even ‘years there?
Every choic@opéns uproleplaying possibilities»A Charac-
ter who's drawn"the*Setond Breath» quitkly can better
blend in withshisoldulifes.A ‘character who must wait'to
draw the Second 'Bréathigains distance from-his old' life
and the freedom to'réturmwithout émerging:fito@ still
active crowd of mourners'Every Wan Kuei mnust'come to

73

terms with the passage of time; choose an*interval that
offers you interesting hooks for character devélopment.,,

Wan! Kuei return to their ownjbodiéS\orjron rare
Ogeasions, some other suitablébody)=They arendt ghosts;
Though they donot breathe, they doexist inthe material
world just like living people? Something drives themin
unique ways; apart fromethat, they participate as fully in
the routine.of matétialrexistencé as theit Chi deficiency
and divided souls.allow:

The SeconD ‘Breath as Distiny

The-Second*Breath definesthe Wan Kuei's-entire
existence The impulse that draws. (or pushes)/a sot! out
of Yomi'fust alwaysibe a°strong.one. Weaklings don'p
break the'spiritual bondsvf the afterlife. You mUist tndet~
stand how"and Why. your*tharacter fled Yomi to,tinder.
stand _what-he hopes for and fears, how,he believes ‘he
Should-(ormust),actupon returning to'thejworld.

‘Wan Kiei carry karmic debts, The foritsof obligation
to others are potentially infiite, Commoftenes ihclude:

* Ambition. The charactef*desires,to'be something

helwasn't inilife —ajraveler, if in lifehelivedin
a‘ single, villages an.obsCure artist, ‘ifeitmalife he
carried great'responsibility; and.so die

© Dévotion»People-whd counted.on théchatacter

noW'suffer because*6f his absence... The:character
aim$*to providexfér theme

**Diity.. The character Gdtmittedsherselfiin life to

perform, a task*Déath is HOtsufficient Teason to
shirk the obligation:

* Love. Thecharacter remains attached tod person,

a group'6t even a place and cannotibeart6 be
apart from the target of his affection.

¢ Revengé. A wicked person cut off thé charactet's

life. The character aims to punish the evil-doer
and, after that, to punish Similar people else
wherein the world.

The burden that drives the character is always a huge
one. It's not something that a meré lifetime's worth of
effort ean resolve but a compulsion*that may take the
Character totheend ofthe Age and beyond. The character's
wholé post"mortem-€xistenceirevolyes aroundsthe debt,
whatever itis:

Take advantage'of theyvariety of HinandP'oNatures
to fine-tunéthedetails for your' character. The choice of
P'ouilluminates the'distinction betweéh, for instance, an
ambition fotmded from'fear of failure versus an ambition
foundéd:from a beliefin one's innate greatness. Biography
ispmechanics in Blood & Silk;.khow the ¢haracter, and
theTraits follow.

THe Wo

The synthetic blood-families of the Wan, Kuei pro-
vide the basis of theirsociety and theircourt system. The
loyalties of the guanxi bond hold thé vampirestégether in
the facélofitremendous differences: religioussspiritual and


74

political. They mold the future fatevof*five or more
immortals, into"a holistic entitysowerful Ghough to at-
tract a patron spirit.

This ctitical bond is alsothé vente, formost inter-
character roleplaying ina Blood. @Silkichronicle All the
players' vampires will be/partof'a singlé wu and hente
bound together for a common'purposéThe other playéts
and you, along with the Stor¥tellét} should spend some
time,establishingsthe background/and details of the wu.
You.can do this either before omafter creating individual
character, or better yet, dérermine a féw'basics first/and
finalizeymatters.after creating your Wan Kuei.

Séme" ofthe questions you and.the,other players
shouldraskvyourselves about theduu include;

© Howbalanced is it? Theidealawit/has five members,

one fromeach Dharma and diréttion.Thisis only
an ideal, however, and'many Corpse Families
have different, compositions' that*reflect™cheix
purposes. A wu destined to wagéWar ‘might
include' several Devil-Tigers and"S6tth-facing,
vampires, for eXample. Try to make sure,thapalh
the characters are, complementaryiin Some way,
however. Thiswill make play mére enjoyabléand
reflect the fact.that the ancestors, tarely
purposefully. put together Wah Kuetwho.cannot

cooperate.

Bioop & Six

® Why. was itiformed?The ancestorsOftem-giveiu.

Specific. taskS, such-as*Watchifig over adisputed.
City, dealing witha certaim@nemy.or takingcare'
6f some-part oftcourt busifiess.. These tasks can, be
Short-term assignments, (such@as,.esCorting, am
ancestor on a*yisit.to'another*court) "or Neyer
ending charges (such»as*exploting the»Yang
World)"The*Storytellermay already havea
reason..inmind, ‘bubjinput fromethe»players is
never abadhidea.

Are thee elder. mémbers? Your charactets start off

as‘(almost)néwly-déad disciples, but the wu may
HaVealoniger history. If there are fewer than five
playets, the Storytellerimay wish to include some
other characters in the Wu, including jina or
other elders. Having an oldérwu-mate can be
invaluable: She is likely quite powerful and may
be influential at court. On the other hand, a jina
attracts more dangerous enemies, who won't
hesitate.to_strik@"atythe "weak links" she has
surtounded herself with: You\should also discuss
why amore influential vampire has ¢hosen (or
been compélled) to surroundi/Rerself with
Running"Monkeys. Again, the Storyteller may
have ideasof his.own!


75

Cxaprer Three: Taxing Tie Seconp Breath ©)
Tue Hunprep Corpse Fanjijes

Towering over the institution of the wu are the so-called Hundred Corpse Families. The Corpse
Families (of which there are actually several hundred) make up the "nobility" of Wan Kuei-society. If a
wu performs admirably, they may be invited to apply to the Register of Corpse Families, a small and
shadowy clique of mandarins and bodhisattvas who decide which wu are good enough to join the
Hundred Corpse Families and which are not. Wu accepted into the Hundred Corpse Families receive a
kaja character as their symbol (like "Sapphire" or "Glorious Victory") and the exclusive right to use it
h as a sigil. Becoming one of the Hundred Corpse Families is a sign of great success among the blood-
families of the Te housand Demons

here are two distinct ways to become one of the Hundred:Corpse Families. One is to piek up a
"vacated" character, one whose wu has ascended into dah or met Final Death. Obviously, the burden of
tradition and the past history of the character weighs heayily on such awu: This is the easy And is

ncouraged by the Register.

The more difficult way to is to apply for a new, never-assigned kaja character, in essence, founding a new
Hundred Corpse Family. The Register discourages this — it is self-aggrandizing and diminishes the impactof the
Corpse Families by lessening their historical continuity. Some Corpse Families have been Registered since before
the fall of Meru, and the Register's notes are one of the few clues as to unlife in the nights of the early Fourth
Age. Nevertheless, very successful wu or those with distinct personalities can and do gain their own characters,
but it's a tremendous effort and done at great political expense.

Wu who are members of the Hundred Corpse Families are, by far, the most likely vampires to induct new
disciples directly into their blood-family. These wu have tremendous stockpiles of wealth, lore and influence and
take great pains to preserve their legacies. They do so by inducting and training one orseveral promising young
disciples. Some Corpse Families even train them for years in sequestered temples, controlling all aspects of their
unlives until th ach the rank of jina.

In the opinion of the Corpse Families, these are the true inheritors of the mantle Princes of the Earth. The

opinions of the rest of Wan Kuei society, and even of many Corpse Family members, are more mixed. Though
they are well-trained, the tremendous pressure on these young vampires drives many off the Road Back, either
causing them to stall in their Dharmic quest as mandarins or else tempting them to degeneracy or worse, to the
path of akuma. While many condemn, there are few who believe their condemnations firmly enough that they
themselves would not jump at an invitation to join the Corpse Families.

© Ts the t.oneof'the Hundred. Corpse-Families?» creation processand maintain a certain authenticity (if
The most ‘prestigious of all the wuaré the ‘there can be anything authentic about vampires! from
membets, ofthe»Hundred Corpse#Families, Hell). These arénot complete characters — more ready-
tegistereédas Such.and considéted tobeéxemplary made backgrounds and motivations, along with sugges-
groups. of Wan Kuei (see sidébar)*Playing.one of tions for, Trait choices. You.stillshave to make critical
these wwéan bewery appealing—the veryname" decisions and assign dots. Note also that most of these
of the wiicamopendoors.and.createareputation. concepts assume achronicle set in China (or Nihon in the
On the other hand, the young disciples in such a case of the three Nihonjin concepts), but you.can easily
wuhave thousands of yearsoftradition'to uphold. modify theth.to suit‘6ther Blood & Silk settings:
Ambitious enémies may"also.be looking to make

reputation, by defeating'one,of the Hundred. Devour Pryjesr
The gods. and spirits have always spoken to you; you
SuGgestep Concepts knewsfrom, childhood.that you would serve.them. As a

The Middle Kingdom.of the-Fourth Agevis!® worldieOUng Man onwoman you studiédat a nearby temple and,
where*strong conventions govern, social "interactions: in.timeshelped found anewoone to honor the gods and

People ofagiven stationare.expected'to, dosome things spirits to which you were particularly devoted. You may
1 mattérof eoursevand.eqtially.expectédh riot, to do have:served as an official of the government, performing
certain others, ‘History andemyth*recordheXeeptionseto ritésion behalf of the peopleand.théemperor, or you may.
every genetalizitionpoP coursesriévertiiélessithe gener have performed your devotions, independently of the
alizations still apply'to Most'eases state. If you were a woman, the priesthood offéred you an
altémnative to domestic service; You couldn't exercise the
temporal power of a»male priest, but offering ‘spiritual
guidance and instruction has its own rewards"Whatever

The followingcéncépts provide starting-points-that
. allow you to answersome ofth€ questions of the Character

76

Class you grew upsin no longer mattered"t6 you,
though outsidéts'sometimes triedito drag You into
their seculandisputes.

Second Breath: The unrighteous'always rage
against their betters. Some wieked»soul took
Offense at your devotion, whieh he-saw as/an
implicit insult, and murdered'Vou.Arstrong sensé
cof unfinished businessand. adésire't6 make some-
One»pay kept youltogether through Yomi's tor-
ments and brought you batk toythe world. Slight
variations*in emphasis Could take syou!in any
ditection-"Y¥ou. may join the Resplendent Cranes,
ifyotwant to.continué your priéstly*ealling it
your hew'condition. You may devote Yourself té
punishing the sort of personwho killed you and
become ‘a Devil-Tiger. You may decide thana
lifetime of alisterityisjenough.and throw yourself
into the sensual world with the Thrashing.Drag-
ons. Yow may feel called to study mor€ closely. the
spirit world yo served with little knowledge in'
life now that you'ré part of it, and become@Boné
Dancer. Fimallysyou may seek neither.to'be ‘what
youlwere not its opposite but pursue instéad some
new identity/ Youjate suited to be one" of the
Thousand Whispers in thi €ase.

Recommended Dharmas?/Any

Atttributé$#Mental primary, Social secondary,
Physical tertiary

Abilities: Knowledges primary, Talénts'sec-
ondary, Skills tertiary

Recommended Abilities: Empathy, Expression;
Leadership, Linguisti¢eS, Medicine, Oceult; Rituals

Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contaets,
Horoscope, Niishi, Rites

Djsnonest Prjest

Heayen?it catiit,be high enétgh or far effough
away for you. Youdidn'ttare about what mightlurk
beyorid the grave, you just wanted a Comfortable life
for Yourself..Soeyou learned how t6 say the tight
things and take grateftil people's wioney.. im ex
changéfor, advice.dtWas a good routine.while iit
lasted"Deathowas just'a bit.of a shockiy<=

Sécond=Breath: Everything youlyassumed
whil€ you were.aliv€provédwrong. If you'd been
less*détermined, ydu'd have faced an eternityof
th torments-you used toypreach about without
Bélieving*inthem. In life, youthad the willpower
necéssatytoperpéetuatea Constant lie} ow, you're
Olt, to Maintain wconstant truth' Tf you cling.to
the ttuchethat still-livitig sinners*ffust stiffer the
Way yourhave, yourpfavitatetorthe Devil' Tigers.
if Youdetideinstead that-aftét One lic yowshould
experiéric@aum ultitudevof truthsthe Thousand
Whispéts*offer You the opporttifiity-to Continue'
exploringnew true faces:



Bioov & Six,

muchth@armywasjust better than thealtertatives. Ifyou
return, to theworld filled witha sense"Of yourtighteous
Thission = eitherto be thepertectsoldier or to abolishthe
wickedféss_thateis standing armiés —you'll ‘become &
Resplerident Crate. Ifyou decide to.take-the administra>
tion" Of justice and defense.inte, your*ownehands, ‘you'll
probably find the Deyil-T igers moré congenial, since they
need more warriorsthan the other Dhatmas-If you decide
that it's time.to engage in. the (disciplined)*purstit of:
personal'satisfactionrather than.warythe Thrashing Drag
ons Wantiyol!

Reconiitiended: Dharmas: Devil-Tiger, Resplendent
Cranes Thrashing Dragon:

Attributes: Physical primary, Mental secondary, So-
cial'tértiary

Abilities: Talents primary, Skills secondary,
Knowledges tertiary

Recommended Abilities: Alertness, Athletics, Brawl,
Dodge, Leadership, Martial Arts, Melee, Survival

Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts, Herd

Wickeo BaNpjr

Tt's all. very well t.talk about virtue when you're
fed'and comfortablé=Y ouigrew up poor but strong and
fotind that-you.cotild.gét.more of what you needed by
taking it rather. than askingDhe laws and customs
that»governdts) andpriests prattle on about néVer
sctyed you, so you neyerfelt obligated to serve them.
Sometimes. youplived.very welly spending the'riches
you took in muchithé same style as the now-poor.
nobles who made.itipossible; sometimes you stiryivéd
only withewhat»you could carryy fleeing. organized
pursuit..Death might haye come for "you imbattle
against the law,,on'the executioner'sscaffold or atthe
hands of af"ambitious underling.

Second. Breath: Death showed.you that evétyoné
does getthé reward they deserve inthe endaJusticé gets,
setvedyeven.if 6nl¥ outside the boundariésiof the world:
you khewekeaven doesn't need yous"¥ou Could'do what
you, wanted... The. drive to experiéfice.something hew
guided you past alkthe traps of Yomi Ifyowwanht,tojust
enjoy life in way8' you Couldn't before, You'llbe a Phrash-
ing Dragon. If youdecide that you shouldeXperiente life
in'many different facets, you'll move to'the Thotisand
WhispersoIf Yomi taught you theetror ofyour ways and
the yaluéofa lawful life, you're aprime candidate for the
Resplerident Cranes.

Recommended Dharmas: Resplendent Crane; Thou
sand Whispers, Thrashing Dragon

Attributes: Physical primary, Mentalsecondary,
Social.tertiary


hierarchy'to

\ SSeS.
.


——

from anything that would threaten thefégime. As
much outof béredom as anything else, yow studied
the systempfound a loophole and exploited it to'
escape. Ifjyou see this aSsyoUr.opportunity Oo
experience the sensual world "as, your guardians
would never have allowed, you"becomt@ a Thrash-
ing Dragon. Ifyou decide that'you'velbeen chosen
to judge the world, wielding'afterdéath the power
always denied_towfyou lifefyou"become a Devil-
Tiger. Iffyou see opportunities for insight.and
advancement in the Yin, World, youybécome a
Bone Dancér,

Recotimended Dhatmas: Bone DancerpDevil-
TigerThtashing Dragon

Attributés; Social primaty, Mental secondary,
Physical tertiary

Abilities: Knowledges primary Skills secondary,
Talents tertiary

Recommended Abilities: Crafts, Bri@tictt®Ex+
pression, Performance, Politics

Recommended Backgrounds: Alliés, Contacts,
Fame, Resources

RereD Samuraj (NjHONsN)

You come frompalong.and honofable-lifiéage, of
Japanese nobility. Your family raised you tobe a leader
in every sense, mastenof the arts andscholafly lore,.as
well as of @ warrior's skills. While nob6d¥"ean..do
everything to theisame degree of excellefice,.you'reat
léast good in a very wid@tange.of abilities, Yotndid
yout part €6 rule your land; dependingion' the era'ihi
which you lived, youatiay have been a. chafiipion 6f.a
stable regime'or ai@efender of right.ideaSin atime of
chaos. Mést probably, you died,.in-Battle, though
illness and happenstance can striké"at your Class, a8
well-as thosélbeneath you.

Second'Breath:, What is déath to.one Who,has
true" honor?.-Hell-has flo power to»bind fhe, soul
untainted by cowardice or deceit. Ttewas*just.a
matter oftime-before You broke the shackles Yomi
placed tpon'you.and réturned to thé world}as was
only, right. Ifyoustaké advantage of your.new con-
dition to, become anéven.more perfeerwarridrand
leadef, the-Resplefident Craties help you.déveldp,
yout full potential If yétdecide to bécomesthe
perf€tt judge.and terrector of wrongs, the!Deyil-
Tigers wantyou, Ifyou feel called upon to bring the
bEnefits-of-your entightentient»to ghosts and the
creaturés*ofathe Afterlife thenethe Bone Dancers
put your Wisdont\to use?

Recoémmended-Dhiatmas:-Bone Dancer, Devil
Tiger, Resplendent'Crane

Axttribtites: Physical pritiary; Mental secondary}
Social tertiaty.

Abilitiés:Skills primary, Talefits, secondary;
Knowledges*tertiaty


Cuapter Taree: Taxing THe Srconp Brean

Recommended Abilities: Alertness, Athletics, Dodge,
Etiquette, Leadership, Martial Arts, Melee, Politics

Recommended Backgrotinds: Allies, Conta¢ts, Fame,
Herd, Influences, Resources

Uncouth Samuraj (NjHoNN)

You wereone of the rulers of the land who held power
through*force ofiarms. Your ancestors clawed their way up
from thé'mass of societythroughsustained effort, showing
themselves. better soldiers and commanders than their
rivals*Onte inspower, they foisted offthe boring admin-
istrative parts ofruling on assistants-You took pleasurein
battle, not courtly posturing.

Second Breath: Yomi was a challenge, the biggest,
strongest set of power mOngersyou'd ever met. How could
yourésist the chance to provethem inadequate? The right

81

combination of treachery and brute forcé-brought you
back to the world,.So there you were. If you. resume
something like the good life you oneelled, you're'anatural
Thrashing Dragon. If you findyourself rethinking what it
means to be a samurai and what you¢an and.should do
now, you become a'Reésplendént Crane.

Recommended Dhatmas:*Resplendent Crane,
Thrashing, Dragon

Attributes: "Physical.primary,.Mental secondary,
Social'téftiary.

Abilitiés:. Skills"primary, Talénts secondary,
Knowledgés'tertiary

Recommended A bilities: Alertness, Athletics, Dodge;
Tntimidation Martial Atts,.Meleé, Survival

Recommended Backgrounds: Allies, Contacts,Fame,
Herd Resources


. ¥\\

Ps

en
X
Lay

Gi


Cuaprer Four: Ways Unoer Heaven ee.

ENAPTER FOUR:
| WATS UNDER
NEAVEN

Heaven is like an egg, and the earth is like the

yolk of the egg.
— Chang Heng

The twilight of the Fourth Age is quite different from
the twilight of the Fifth. In the mortal sphere, technology
and culture are*very different, and large-scale contact
with the West is centuries away. For the Wan Kuei, the
differences'are even greater. The Wall between worlds is
thinner, the grip of the Demon on a vampire is weaker,
and the. Wan Kuei are less.debased overall. All these
differences, mundane and supernatural, lead to some new
or modified game mechanics.

The Traits and systems in this chapter function
alongside those established in Kindred of the East and in
the basic Storyteller game system. The textexplains when
these systems replace those in Kindred of the East.

New Trajts

The-following new Traits are important for charac-
ters in the Fourth Age and reflect both supernatural and
social changes between the.eras. Some of the Abilities
have appeared in other World of Darkness products (such
as Vampire: The Dark Agesor the Vampire Storytellers
Companion)» but are repeated here because they are

indispensable to Blood & Silk.

New P'o Narures

A vampire's,P'o is a little less dominant in the
Fourth Age than in' the Fifth, but it is also somewhat
more sophisticated, This is a time of rich culture and
ticher corruption, not the raging Armageddon of the
twilight of the Fifth Age. As such, several new P'o
Natures are available to.players of Blood & Silk. If
they wish, Storytellers of modern Kindred of the East
can allow these types of P'o into their chronicles as
rare throwbacks.

Tue Ancient

The Ancientlooks back along the trail plowed by
the Wheel of Ages and believes that-in past Ages it
wouldn't have suffered the torments it did in Yomi and
the ones it continues to suffer after the Second Breath.
The Wan Kuei's wiser predecessors (at least before they
succumbed to'pride) existed more harmoniously. The
Ancient P'o thinks the Hun ean never measure up and
wants it to simply surrender, so as to relieve the P'o from
its pain. When in shadow soul, your character shows
obsessive concern for everything old and contempt for
everything new.

84

Conditions for Takeover: The Ancient can force a
shadow soul roll whenever an innoyation causes the Wan
Kuei pain or some other form of discomfort, It-may also
force a roll whenever the Wan Kuei abuses old things.

The Agtisr

The Artist tore itself out of Yomi to accomplish a
single task, some vision of artistic creation. that the Wan.
Kuei harbored in life but was unable to undertake then.
Nothingelse matters to the Artist but that work. It berates
the Hun for succumbing to other concerns, whether the
distraction is Dharmic progress or some momentary plea-
sure. When in shadow soul, your character devotes all her
attention to the great work; she may sever annoying
commitments or simply ignore them.

Conditions for Takeover: The Artist attempts to
gain control whenever the Wan Kuei turns away from the
great work or whenever an opportunity to advance the
work in an important way presents itself.

Tue Ecuo

The Echo escaped from Yomi just like every other
Wan Kuei P'o, but unlike most of the others, it doesn't feel
worthy to have gained a release denied to so many others.
It retains a strong spiritual link to whicheverhell used to
hold it, Its goal is to break down the'soul's resistance and
lure itback to Yomi, and its weapon is the voicesofall who
remain below. The Echo P'o has a mind of its own but
chooses not to use its own voice; whenever it speaks, it
draws on memories of words others said in Yomi or on
impressions of what others still there now say. When in
shadow soul, the vampite focuses obsessively on the
suffering in Yomi and the unearned release he.and other
Wan Kuei enjoy, in hopes of shaming, scaring or depress-
ing himself and his peers into a return to Yomi.

Conditions for Takeover: The Echo triggersshadow
soul whenever the Wan Kuei is confronted with evi-
dence of loss and death — graveyards and cenotaphs are
bad places for these vampires.

Tue Eunucn

The Eunuch'found confirmation in Yomi of the
age-old notion that all endeavor is futile. Everything it
might make ends up fodder for demons. Even after its
escape, it retains a sense of moral, intellectual and
spiritual impotence — despair turned to the conyic-
tion that it should not create anything new. The Eunuch
P'o refuses to undertake any enterprise beyond: the
basics of survival, instead devoting itself to appropriat>
ing the work of others for its own énds./When in
shadow soul, the Wan Kuei abandons' any, original
projects of her own and tries tosbecome overseer,
director or steward of others' efforts.

Conditions for Takeover: The Eunuch can force a
shadow soul whenever the Wan Kuei faces situations that
require him to lead others or when others are acutely,
dependent on him.

Bioop & Sjux

The Sace

The Sage focuses on theaspect of unexpected truth in
Yomi. It wasn't quite like what the vampire had ever been
taught»Nowthat it has returned, how can the P'o trust the
doctrines it follows? The Sage P'o seeks out any doctrine
that seems more likely to account for the truths of its
experience, as long as it's something the vampire will find
uncomfortable and difficult to follow. The P'o listens to
whispers carried up from Yomi about teachings no longer
known to living people or held only far away, in-addition
to studying the various schools of thought the vampire
encounters in his travels. When in shadow soul, the Wan
Kuei temporarily abandons his Dharma and direction in
favor of some alternative that requires a dramatic change
in behavior.

Conditions for Takeover: The Sage can force a roll for
shadow soul when the Wan Kuei finds a weakness in his
Dharma — some restriction that works against personal
desires or goals.

Tue Vjraujst

The Vitalist wants just one thing: renewed mortal
life. The vampire can't quite get to it, of course. Even
extreme Yang imbalance only makes hersomething that's
merely lifelike in some regards. The Vitalist P'o strives to
get as closevas it can. It'may seek after whatever life the
vampire once had or aspire to greatness or seek some new
social role, depending omits own preferences. When in.
shadow soul, the vampire turns away from everything
connected to Wan Kuei society in aneffort to reenter the
mortal world.

Conditions for Takeover: The Vitalist reaches for
control when the vampire confronts a situation that
reminds her of her mortal life or that presents her with the
Opportunity to continue a mortal goal she abandoned
after death,

The Warrjor

The Warrior fought its way out of Yomi and contin-
ues to survive by fighting. The lesson of the Second
Breath is that there's not enough to go around. Anyone
(and anything) who gets in the P'o's way, denying it the
things it needs and wants, brings it that much closer to
ateturn to Yomi. The Warrior P'o will allow nothing to
stand in the way.of the vampire's continued to existence
in the material world. When in shadow soul, the vam-
pire fights with everyone who seems threatening —
regardless of whether that threat is real and present or
merely hypothetical.

Conditions for Takeover: The Warrior can force a
roll for shadow soul when the Wan Kuei declines an
opportunity for violent conflict (which isn't obviously
bound to failure) in favor of more peaceful means and
when he submits or cooperates with a rival.

—

2. re

Cuapter Four: Ways Unoer Heaven
New Srjus
ARCHERY

Attacks beyond the range of human throwing rely on
the bow. Archery is the skillof maintaining andusing the
various styles of bow made in the Middle Kingdom during
the Fourth Age. Archery is used in combat just. like
Firearms.

e Novice: You can shoot unmoving
targets, usually.
ee Practiced: You can take part in a mass

battle without bringing too much
embarrassment on yourself and can
support your family through hunting.

eee Competent: You lead archer units in
war.

ove Expert: You advise generals on the
effective use of archers.

eecee Master: Observers expect you to

apotheosize and become the God of
Archers.

Possessed by: Soldiers, Hunters

Specialties: Target Practice, Horseback (see p. 123)

Mepjrarion

It's possible to calm the inner storms that disrupt
mind and body and achieve a state of relaxed awareness
that makes many unusual feats possible. Meditation
represents the various techniques taught in the Middle
Kingdom toward this end — keep in mind that very few
characters actually know multiple techniques. Every
meditating character,must use some technique (man-
tras, yoga, etc.).

The character must make an Intelligence + Medita-
tion roll, difficulty 7, to. enter a meditative trance. Once
there, the character Can attempt one of the following
actions each hour:

Regain Willpower. RollIntelligence + Meditation,
difficulty 9. Each success restores one point of Willpower.

© Solve an enigma, piece together clues toa mystery
or evaluate some other mental challenge. Roll Percep-
tion + Meditation, difficulty 9. Each success lowers the
difficulty of the character's next Investigation or Enig-
mas roll by 1.

¢ Overcome wound penalties. Roll Stamina +
Meditation, with a difficulty of 2. + the character's
current number of health levels of damage. Each sue-
cess lets the character ignore one level of wound pen-
alty for the rest of thé night. A character who gets three
Successes, for instance, can ignore any penalty of -3 or
less; and a -4 penalty acts like a -1 penalty: If the
character becomes. Incapacitated, these benefits no
longer apply. A character can attempt this use of
meditation only once per night.

—————

© Gather strength against the P'o. Roll Wits + Medi-
tation, difficulty of LO- Hun. Each successadds one to the
character's dice pool for his next effort to resist fire or
shadow soul. A character can try this only once per night,
and the benefit does not carry over after sleep.

Any botch on one.of these rolls brings the character
out of his trance, and he cannot reenter it for the rest of
the night. Significant physical interference in therfirst
hour also breaks the trance, burthe character canstart the
process again.

These rules supercede those on pp. 83-84 of Kindred
of the East.

° Novice: You've seen monks pray.

ee Practiced: You know a handful' of

common prayers and can recite some
useful stories about how the ancients
mastered meditation.

eee Competent: You've learned from masters
of spiritual discipline and enjoy a local
reputation for spiritual purity.

cece Expert: Scholars and potentates consult
youforinsights into the wisdom oftheages.

eecce Master: Yes.

Possessed by: Monks, Jina, Teachers
Specialties: Riddles, Controlling the P'o

Pjior

Operating a boat successfully takes training and
practice. Different sorts of boats require separate spe-
cializations: rafts and canoes, small sailboats, ocean-
going vessels.

° Novice: You don't sink your ship very
often:
ee Practiced: You can handle yourself safely

in most conditions, and nobody feels the
need to abandon ship when yowtake the
wheel.

eee Competent: You know the limits of your
vessel and yourself and deal with adverse
conditions‘calmly. 3
eece Expert: Patrons offer you large sums of
money to lead their maritime expeditions.
eeece

Master: Tales of your prowess mingle
with accounts Of sea gods.
Possessed by: Sailors, Traders, Explorers
Specialties: Rough Seas, Vessel Types, Nighttime
Sailing

Ripe

The poorest people walk. The richest people get
carried. Everyone else rides, if they wish to go long
distances. This ability covers ‘how to tend for one's
horse as well as ride it. Ride also serves as'a cap on all
combat Abilities when engaged in mounted battle (see
p- 122 for more).

. Novice: You can prop up pretty well on
a horse at slow speeds.

oo, Practiced: You ride at all speeds safely,
and few challenges throw you.

cee Competent: You'd make' a good cavalry
officer.

oeee Expert: You're, famous for your riding
in war and peace. If you're so inclined,
your stunts are the talk of the provinces.

eeeve Master: No horse can throw you, no

challenge delay you.
Possessed by: Cavalrymen, Nobles, Country Folk
Specialties: Speed, Tricks, Racing, Combat

New Merits & Fiaws
Favors (Varjasie Mrrjr/Fiaw)

Wan Kuei society, like the mortal societies around it,
runs. on*mutual--obligations. Backgrounds like Allies,
Mentor and Retainers reflect permanent connections of
duty. See pp. 117-119 for'a full discussion of prestation
among the Wan Kuei. The Favors Merit (and Flaw)
represents the character's, current balance of social ac-
counts as the chronicle begins:

Storytellers who prefer not to»make these things
subject to point totals should feel free to disregard' or
disallow this Merit-It's presented here for those who like
to have'an objective tally and want. to:give players the
option to have their characters start up or down (or both)
in the prestation game.

Each positive point of Favors represents on¢ major boon
that someone close to the characterowes him. Each negative
point of Favors represents a major boon the character owes
tosomeone else. The player should work with the Storyteller
to define what these are —no debts existin the abstract. Did
the charactersave another yampireftomarampagingdemon
hunter? Did some other vampire teach the charactera bit of
secret lore or help resolve a conflict beforelitescalated into
a duel the,character would lose?/Keep in mind that differ-
ences of status will affecttthe value of favors (see "Favors and
Prestation," pp. 117-117). This means that a young disciple
owed a.boon by a mandarin'might expecta good word at
court or permission to act at a critical time;‘a disciple owing
a mandarin a booncan expect much more significant risk.

Multiple positive or negative points can represent
many favors owed or.especially impressive favors. You
should maintain separate counts for favors owed to and by
the character; he can have both a two-point Favor Flaw
and a one-point Favor Merit simultaneously.

Obviously, a character's point total of negative and
positive Fayors rises and falls during'play. In a society as
dependent on‘assistancé.and negotiation as Wan Kuei
and their guanxi, Favors can make the difference between
success and failure in critical moments.

Bioop & Six

DjscjPLjNES OF THE
Fourtu Acer

Most of the Disciplines of the Fourth Age are the
same as those of the Fifth. The fallen nature of the Wan
Kueiis still evolving, however, and some of their powers
undergo significant transformation asthe Wheel of Ages
turns. Most notably, the Godbody (or Shintai) Disci-
plines are very different than they will be in the modern
era; in the Fourth Age, they remain much closer to the
elemental powers wielded by the Ten Thousand Immor-
tals before their downfall. The Soul Art of Cultivation
is also significantly different, in this case because the
understanding of the P'o is still developing among the
Hungry Dead.

See page 66 for more details on which Disciplines are
available in the Fourth Age.

Tue Gopsopy or Eartu
(jape Sxjnraj)

The Godbody of Earth aims at balancing the flow of
Chi, allowing the vampire toorient himself with the center
of things.

Chi Attunement: Strength

e UnpERsTANDjNG WjTH THE EarTH

The vampire. harmonizes his soul with the local
powers, becoming part of the overall pattern of Chi flow
in the vicinity, as immovable as any mountain or tree.

System: Whenever he chooses to use Understanding
with the Earth, the vampire cannot be picked up, thrown
down or knocked back. He must stay standing (or lying)
where he iswhile the power is in effect; when he chooses
tomove, the effect ends, It takes one action to start or stop
using Understanding with the Earth; no roll is required.

HarMony Witt THE Earth

The vampire places herself in a state of peaceful
disenigagement from the local powers and becomes ca-
pable of moving across any and all surfaces.

System: The vampire must spend one action concen-
trating to use Harmony with the Earth. She can then
move along any surface, including liquids, and up walls
and ceilings. She leaves no footprints and makes little or
no sound; all efforts to detect her are at +2 difficulty. She
takes half normal damage from falls and can jump twice
hernormal distance. If she takes damage, the player must
make a Willpower ‘check at difficulty 7 to avoid the
vampire slipping out of Harmony with the Earth; other-
wise, the effect lasts for one scene.

eee Unjrx wire THe Earth
The vampire identifies himself with the local pow-

ers and can merge with any substance of the natural
*worldinthe vicinity. This unity does not work on matter

Carter Four: Ways Unoer Heaven

native to the worlds beyond the Wall; that's the realm of
other Disciplines.

System: The vampire spends one Chi and concen-
trates forthree turns. Make aManipulation + Etiquette roll
against the local Wall rating. If the roll succeeds, the
vampire merges seamlessly with his target substance, much
like the Protean power of Earth Meld. Unlike Earth Meld,

- Unity with the Earth works with all'solid or liquid natural

substances. Merging with material created or significantly
reshaped by conscious effort, like'building walls or refined
metals, requires a separate Manipulation + Etiquette roll,
difficulty 7, to speak with the substance's spirit and under-
stand its nature before attempting to merge.

Once merged, the vampire can move at his normal
walking speed. Mental and spiritual attacks affect him
directly. If he's moving on the surface of a mass of some
substance, he's, visible to anyone watching — he retains
his usual appearance — but physical attacks must destroy
or remove the sutrounding,substance before he can be
attacked himself.

Example: Lin Hua uses Unity with the Earth to step

‘into a granite cliff face. The Yang Prana masters Mao Gu

and Mao Ho pursue him. Mao Gu uses Eightfold Yang
Mantle to blast a significant part of the cliffinto pebbles and
dust. If Lin were standing in the blasted.area, he'd suddenly
be vulnerable to normal physical attack. However, he
manages to move out of the blast zone in time, so Mao Ho
goes after him with Semblance of the Scarlet Queen. In
spirit form, Mao Ho can. then pursue Lin Hua. The earth
only offers so much concealment.

It costs no. Chi to maintain Unity with the Earth
through one slumber. Upon waking or upon significant
disturbance to the'substance in which he rests, he returns
to physical forms It takes a separate Manipulation +
Etiquette roll, difficulty of the local Wallrating, to pass
from one sort of substance to another.

Moving Wirt THe Eartt

The vampire attunes herself to a line of Chi and can

/ follow it through the air, alongthe ground and underwa-

ter with equal ease. She can engage in other tasks without
losing the attunement, although complex actions may
require an effort to maintain concentration.

System: Roll Dexterity + the vampire's Yin or Yang
Chi (whichever is appropriate), difficulty of the local
Wall, to find and align witha line of Yin or Yang Chi. The
vampire can move through the air and along the ground
at up to 60 miles pet, hour, minus 5 mph per point of the

Jocal Wall rating. (With a Wall rating of 7, for instance,

the vampire can move at25 mph.) The vampire suffers no
penalty for abrupt turns and ther violations of inertia,
since she moves as part of the system of world power. She
can move through liquids at half the air and surface speed
and through solid objects in a semi-tangible form at her
normal walking speed. In every case, she can adjust her
speed to hovering at rest, moving at the maximum al-
lowed or. anything in between.

87

Makea Dexterity + Athletics roll, difficulty 6, when
the vampire attempts combat or other particularly de-
manding activities. Each success allows her to engage in
the task for one turn; when she's used up the available
successes, she must roll again to continue. On failure, she
moves gently to the surface of the earth in a turn or two.
On a botch, she pluimmets-down or hurtles up to the
surface, taking a level of lethal damage along the way.

The vampire can follow the Chi line she moves with
wherever it goes without having to make fresh efforts at
attunement even as it moves through areas with different
Wall ratings. She cannot fly off in a direction of her own
choosing, but can also shift to new lines atany time. Make
a Dexterity + Chi Virtue roll against the new local Wall
tating. The vampire can continue Moving with the Earth
based on a single attunement for one scene.

The Evementrar Seve

The vampire méditates and transforms his own sub-
stance into one of the five elements. His body retains its
general proportions, but no obseryer would mistake him
for a normal human being or even a normal shen.

System: Spend 4 points of Chi, in the proportions
indicated for each element, and 1 Willpower. Make'an
Intelligence + Occult roll, difficulty 7, if the vampire is
not touching a greater-than-man-sized quantity of the
elementhe's imitating; otherwise, no roll ismécessary. All
forms let the vampire use his Stamina to soak aggravated
damage. The transformation lasts until the vampire chooses
to relinquish it or falls asleep.

Water (4 Yin). The vampire becomes chilly, dark
water. Any light falling upon his body is instantly ab-
sorbed, and loud' sounds lose half their volume as they
disappear into the echo-less depths of the vampire's
form. Anyone within arm's ‘reach of the vampire must
make a Stamina roll, difficulty 7, to avoid losing a point
of Dexterity asa result of the chill; this loss remains in
effect until the yictim:leaves the vampite's presence'for
a scene. Each time the vampire strikes someone, the
target must make the same roll again, and any target who
reaches zero Dexterity succumbs to cold, possibly devel-
oping frostbite and certainly losing consciousness. Me-
tallic objects ‘striking the character take a point of
damage, in the form' of suddenly appearing rust and
corrosion, each time they connect. The character can
dissolve into a man-sized pool and reform at will (each
transformation requires an action).

Metal (3 Yin, 1 Yang). The vampire becomes dark
blue or black polished metal, with highlights indepen-
dent of any illumination in the area. Lightning crackles
across his armored skin; anyone striking him with bare
skin or conductive (all metal) weapons takes 2 levels of.
bashing damage for each turn they maintain contact.
The vampire does lethal instead of bashing damage in
hand-to-hand combat and can stake Yang-balanced
vampires with his bare hands (difficulty 9, three or more
successes needed to stake). By sustained effort, the


= ——
vampire can muster enormous strength: Wherever afeat
of strength like pushing down a barrier usually requires
earning the necessary successes on one roll, avampire in
elemental metal form can keep pushing. Make an ex-
tended series of rolls, accumulating successes untilreach-
ing the required threshold. On a failed roll, lose half the
accumulated successes, and on a botch, start all over
again. The vampire cannot engage in combat or tasks
requiting fine manipulation while shoving this way. A
vampire already using a Discipline that makes her nor-
mal combat damage lethal does aggravated damage with
this ability.

Earth (2 Yin, 2 Yang). The vampire becomes a
walking mixture of rock and gems. Whenever a weapon
strikes the vampire, make a roll against her Stamina,
difficulty 6. Each'success delivers a level of damage to the
weapon through the shock of impact. The vampire can
clog any machinery or object with moving parts by touch-
ing it for a turn, summoning dust and dirt to jam its
mechanisms. (Ifthe vampire jams a water wheel or blocks
an aqueduct chute from closing, the secondary effects can
be horrendous and widespread.) The vampire can also
raise brief clouds of dust or dirt within 10 feet of herself,
which last for one turn per point of her Willpower. All
tasks requiring clear visibility take a +2 difficulty penalty
for those within the cloud (or trying to strike into it);
liquids clot and condense, while fires choke and gutter
out. Any breathing creature takes two levels of bashing
damage, which can be soaked, from congested lungs.

Wood (3 Yang, 1 Yin). The vampire becomes an
animated mass of organic material: a tree-like sculpture of
himself, a mound of moss or whatever fits theenvironment
and his wishes. The vampire can make all plant life in his
line of sight visibly grow or wither. He can also stake Yin-
balanced vampires in hand-to-hand combat (difficulty 9,
three or more successes needed to stake). He can also
concentrate his will so'as to make a chosen target succumb
to blight and disease. (Note that only mortals are vulner-
able to most diseases, although permanently Yang-unbal-
anced vampires can become carriers.) Make a Stamina-+
Intimidation roll, difficulty 7. Ifsuccessful, the target devel-
ops some wasting condition, taking one level of lethal
damage immediately and/one more each day, thereafter
upon awakening. The target's player canmake a Stamina
roll, difficulty 8, each day; when the accumulated successes
match the number of successeson the disease-inducing'oll,
the disease runs its course and stops. The vampire can
choose to change his manifestation and spread out into a
variegated clump of plant life and back into human format
will (each transformation requires an action).

Fire (4 Yang). The vampire becomes pure white or
scarlet fire, radiating intense heat. Ranged attacks against
himare at +2 difficulty because it's hard to targetprecisély
through the surrounding glare. At his discretion, the
vampire can set anything flammable on fire by touching
it. He can even try tosend out a momentary flicker of fire
and heat sufficient for the task by making a Dexterity +

Bioop & Sjux.

Athletics roll, difficulty 7. One success ignites paper and
the like; ittakes 5 opmore successes to boil dry small ponds
or ignite thoroughly drenched logs. The maximum range
for such blasts is twice the vampire's Willpower in feet.
The vampire does not:have to test for wave soul when
using this effect, although those around him do. If he
botches the effort to manipulate fire, however, he auto-
matically falls into wave soul.

Tue Gopsopy or FjrE

(Guost-Fiame Sujnra;)

The Godbody of Fire deals withthe elemental flames
of Chi. Mastery of the forces that normally destroy Wan
Kuei inspires both respect and fear, depending on how the
vampire uses his powers. Godbody of Fire can work with
both Yin and Yang fires. Yang fires burn white, yellow or
red, while Yang fires burn black, gray or blue.

Practitioners of the Godbody of Fire have an intimate
understanding of that element, which helps them sup-
press the P'o's instinctive fear of flames. When testing for
wave soul triggered by open flames, the player of a vampire
with at least two dots in this Discipline gains a -2 difficulty,
bonus on the Hun's roll. This applies only to-wave soul
triggered by open flames.

Chi Attunement: Stamina

© Fyre jn rae Eve

The vampire kindles Chi fire inside himself. It shines
out not only through his eyes, but through his mouth and
even his ears; if he's wounded, small flames:also lick out
through the wound.

System: The vampire can turn this power on and off
at will (doing so is.a reflexive action). His bite does an
extra die of aggravated damage, and he-<an see in com-
plete darkness. By staring at a target for one turn, the
vampire may attempt to inspire fear in others; vampires
must roll as usual to avoid wave soul, while mortals and
shen must make a Willpower roll, difficulty 7, to avoid
running in terror. The difficulty, of intimidation-related
tasks is one lower than usual while using Fire in the Eye.

Fyre jn THE Hanp

The vampire can pick up fire and turn it into
elemental flame and can conjure fire out of nowhere by
an act of will. She‘can also command nearby fires to
moye any way she wants, sending pyrotechnic sparks
anywhere she can see and shaping flames into patterns
that last as long as she concentrates on them.

System: Spend a point of Yin or Yang Chi. The
vampire can transform or create enough elemental fire to
forma ball about three feet across; she can subdivide itand
recombine it at will. The vampire can spend more points
of Chi, though only one kind ata time, to create more fire.
Creating each Chi point of fire requires an action. The
vampire can wield this Chi fire as a weapon, using it as the
equivalent of any sortofmelee weapon to inflict Strength

Cuaprer Four: Ways Unpen Heaven

+ 2 dice damage. Yang fire causes straightforward aggra-
vated damage from fire; Yin fire "burns" the victim's soul.
Damage burns away the victim's Willpower, although her
player may soak with Hun.or Self-Control. (See "Soul
Flaying" on p. 106 for more details.) The vampire cannot
be damaged by Chi fire she creates:

The vampire can also control normal flames within a
number of yards equal to her Yang Virtue. These move at
her will and can strike targets in combat. The player rolls
Dexterity + Yang to strike targets, and the flames do
normal damage for their size and intensity. The vampire
herself is not immune to the effects of flames she controls.

The vampire canattemptto blind a target rather than
damage it, with either Chi fire or manipulated normal
flames. Roll damage as usual. If the damage roll, produces
more successes'than the target achieves on a Stamina +
Alertness roll, the target is blinded for one turn plus one
additional turn per extra success.

The vampire can use summoned fires to enhance her
appearance. Doing so takes an' action, but her Social
Attributes are effectively two higher than normal for
efforts at command, intimidation, interrogation, leader-
ship and the like, as long as she can maintain the flames.
Common enhancing manifestations include cloaks of
flame and flames from the eyes.

@ee Ser jy THE Fire

The vampire can merge with any body of flame that
occupies at least as much space as his body normally

89

does. It takes on his own appearance and general propor-
tions, though it continues to crackle and ripple as flames
do. He can also infuse it with Chi to make it more
spectacular and dangerous.

System: Merging into or emerging from flame re-
quires no Chi, just a turn's concentration. The vampire
takes a+2 difficulty penalty.to all combat tasks during this
process. Once merged with the flame, the vampire can
move at his normal walking speed and ‘can jump twice as
high or far as usual. He can pass himself from one flame to
another as long as he extends a connecting prominence.
Doing so requires a turn of concentration, and the promi-
nence has a maximum range of anumber of yards equal to
his highest Chi Virtue. The vampire can remain in the
flames until he goes to sleep.

In hand-to-hand combat, the vampire does damage
based on the fire he has become, not any actual impact.
The player must still roll to hit, but damage is based on
how much fire the targét is exposed to. A simple strike
is equivalent to being hit by a torch, while a full tackle
is equivalent to being stuck in a raging inferno. Victims
lucky enough to be able to soak damage from fire face a
difficulty of (5 + attacker's Godbody of Fire). The
attacker's player can spend a point of Yin or Yang Chi to
make the flame his character occupies take on an el-
emental form; it doesan extra level of aggravated dam-
age and increases the difficulty of resisting wave soul for
nearby Wan Kuei by +1. (See Vampire: The Masquer-
ade, p. 227, for full rules on fire.)


90

The vampire's player can also spend a point of Chi to
toss off a separate spark of firewith the range and accuracy
of a regular thrown knife. Sucha spark does a single level
of aggravated damage with.a soak difficulty (if appropri-
ate) of (3+ attacker's Godbody of Fire).

add Drajyng THE FjRE

The yampire turns herself into a conduit from the
material world into the spirit worlds. She draws nearby
flames into herself, redirecting them beyond the Wall
where they dissipate harmlessly. She can read traces, both
in current flames and in their ashen remains, of impres-
sions picked up by the spirits of fire. With care and
practice, she can extract useful images of past events that
occurred around the fire.

System: To extinguish flames, spend a point of either
sort of Chi. The vampire must concentrate fora turn. Roll
Stamina + (appropriate Chi Virtue) against a difficulty of
the local Wall rating. For each success, the vampire can
reduce the heat' (and associated soak difficulty) of a
nearby fite by one. The fire must be within a number of
yards equal.to the character's appropriate Chi Virtue; if
the vampire cannot see the fire, add 2 to the difficulty of
the roll.

The vampire shunts thesfire across the Wall into the
appropriate spiritual realm (Yin or Yang). In the Yang
World, flames generally merge with the ambient raging
Yang, while they sputter and die in the cold Yin World.
This is generally harmless, but at the'Storyteller's discre-
tion, such sudden gouts of flame-across the Wall may
attract spirits to the vampire:

Example: Dei Burukusi'has Stamina 4 and Yang Chi 3:
She's a few feet away from a burning inn, within which people
she cares about are trapped. The local Wallratingis 5 . She gets
five successes. The blaze has a soak rating of 8; thanks to all
the extremely flammable components of the building: Dei's five
successes reduce it to. a Soak rating of 3, equivalent to a candle.
Most of the fire's gone out, leaving flames still active only in the
most combustible parts. of the building. A great gout of flame
courses into the Yang World, perhaps attracting the attention
of a fire spirit.

For the vampire to extract impressions out of afité,
she must concentrate for a turn. The player'Spends a
point of either Yang Chi (fora fire stillsburning) or Yin
Chi (forashes) and rolls Perception + (appropriate Chi
Virtue) against a difficulty of the local Wall rating.
Each success shows the vampire a momentary. glimpse
of the area as it was at some point when the fire was
burning. The first impression is almost always the
moment when the fire started; the second, the moment
of its extinguishing. A vampire who hopes to see some
particular period of time faces a more difficult chal-
lenge. Raise the difficulty by 1 fora broad period of time
like a particular night and by 2 or even more for a
specific hour or minute.

Bioop & Six

@ - The Temprren Sour

The vampire draws upon his unity with fire to gain
supernatural protection from both fire and sunlight.

System? The vampire can resist damage from fire and
sunlight twice as long a8 usual, with no upper limit. In
addition, the "timer" resets when the character spends
one turn per permanent Yin Chiindoors. Thus a charac-
ter with Stamina 5 and Yin Chi 3 could spend four
minutes in direct sunlight, then three turns indoors, then
another four minutes outside and keep this, up all day.
Each point of Yang Chi the vampire spends to'extend his
period of safety in daylight adds two turns of protection
rather than one. Even when damage does begin, it takes
effect more slowly. On the first turn of exposure, the
vampire loses a Health level. Next turn, he loses a leyel
from each of his Physical Attributes. Next turn, he losés
alevel of Appearance. The turn after that, he loses a point
of temporary Yin Chi. This cycle repeats as long as he
takes damage.

The vampire also gains a +2 bonus for resisting wave
soul triggered by sunlight. See p. 106, for the details on
sunlight's usual effects during the Fourth Age.

The Gopsopy or Merar
(Bone Sujnraj)

The Godbody of Metal deals with the transformation
of one's self (and eventually the environment) intosome-
thing inhuman, purging the qualities of life in favor of
lifeless hardness and purity.

Chi Attunement: Stamina

° The Bright Mera: Ser

The vampire concentrates Yin energy within himself
and takes ona metallic sheen, Skin becomes much more
resistant to damage without giving up flexibility.

System: Spend one or more points of Yin Chi: The
difficulty of all social'tasks rises byone. Each point of Yin
Chi spent gives the vampire ‘two extra Bruised health
levels. The effect lasts for one scene. Half of whatever
damage remains in the extra levels at the end of the scene

remains; careful-vampires attend to healing while still in
Bright Metal Self.

Meran Wyran

The vampire replaces portions of his body with metal
constructs. Irtakes a full night without major distractions
to make the replacements, and it is exquisitely painful.

System: No roll or Chi expenditure is necessary to
install a modification, although the vampire must have
access to properly forged metal pieces. Every modifica-
tion requires Yin Chi to function. When the vampire
wakes at dusk (regardless of whether he is black or scarlet
cycled); the player must spend one Yin Chi for each
modification.If the vampire lacks enough Chi to acti-
vate his modifications, those unpowered tap into the
vampire's. own being, doing:a level of lethal damage


Cuarre Four: Ways Unoen Heaven

each. Once modifications have been activated (with
Chi or health levels), they are considered part of the
vampire's body for the rest of the night; other Disciplines
and techniques that transform or transport the vampire
will carry the modifications at no extra cost.

The vampire can force a modification into quies-
cence foranight. The vampire concentrates fora turn and
the player rolls Stamina + Yin. If the roll succeeds, the
vampire loses the use of a modification as it melts out of
sight beneath his skin. The suppression inflicts two levels
of bashing damage if there's only one success, one level of
damage on two successes and no damage on three or more
successes. By spending a point of Willpower, the player
can automatically force a modification into quiescence
without any damage. The vampire can summon up a
suppressed modification at any time, although doing so
requires an action (but no roll).

Unless circumstances warrant otherwise, the player
suffers a +1 difficulty penalty on all social rolls if any
modifications are visible. Remoyinga modification takes
two undisturbed nights of effort and inflicts two levels of
aggravated damage in the process.

Common modifications include:

© Talons: The vampire's fingers end in razor-sharp
iron blades, several inches long. They do Strength + 2
dice aggravated damage. All fine manipulation tasks are
at +2. difficulty, but climbing is at—2 difficulty ifthe talons
can dig into the surface being climbed (useful for rock
faces, not for ropes).

© Blade: The vampire turns one forearm and hand
into a two-foot-long sword. It does Strength +3 dice
aggravated damage and can parry melee attacks, The
vampire can't use it for anything else, however (unless it
is suppressed),

© Armor: The vampire replaces his skin with thin
metal sheets. The armor adds one soak die per point of

the vampire's permanent Yin Chi for lethal and bashing ®

damage; it does nothing against fire or sunlight, but
provides one soak per two points of permanent Yin Chi

(rounded up) against aggravated damage from super

hatural attacks.

¢ Stance: The vampire manipulates his'skeleton into
a new form. He can gain or lose six inches of height and
adjust bones close to the skin soas to change hisappearance
(though not finely enough to imitate someone else). The
new form is permanent; to adopt a new appearance, the
vampire must remove the existing Stance modificationand
then add.a new one. If the Stance is intended to provide
extra stability, any. knockdown attack against the vampire
suffers a +2 difficulty penalty.

eee Dark Meta: Ser

The vampire channels Yin Chi so as to make herself
collapse into a wire-like, nearly invisible form.

System: ‘Spend apoint of Yin Chi (to transform only
the vampire's own body) or two points of Yin Chi (to

91

transformelothes and light personal possessions as well).
The vampire becomes literally a wire figure of a human.
being, capable of moving at her normal speed and of
passing through any opening that can accommodate the
width of a wire. The wire is a concentrated manifesta-
tion of Yin Chi, very dark and hard to notice: It takes
success ata Perceptién + Alertness roll, difficulty 6, to
notice the Dark Metal Self in, broad: daylight. The
difficulty rises to 7 forbright indoor light and to8 oreven
9 for darker conditions. Make a Dexterity + Subterfuge
roll for the vampire to move in ways that take advantage
of available cover and shadow; each success on this roll
adds one to the number of successes would-be spotters
must achieve.

The vampire can use herself as a whip, doing normal
damage. A player whose character wishes to strike at an
affected vampire must make the above spotting roll, with
a-2 difficulty bonus if his character is the target of one of
the affected vampire's attacks. Once spotted, the vampire
using Dark Metal Self still gets +2 to her Dodge rating.
Outside combat, she can extend herself out for three yards
per point of her Yin Virtue.

The vampire can also merge herself with any metal
object larger than her normal form. She resumes her usual
appearance, but moves within the metal and has its
resistance to damage. (Mental and spiritual attacks work
normally.) It takes a' turn to merge with or emerge froma
piece of metal; during which timeiall combat-related tasks
areat +2 difficulty.

The Dark Metal Self lasts for one scene.

Mera: Ran

The vampire transforms some of his own self into
small, needle-like ; shards of ‘Yin-infused metal. They at-
tack everything in the area, chilling the air as they pass.

System: Sperid 2 points of Yin Chi. The vampire
exhales and créates'a cloud of metal rainfilling'a sphere
10 feet across. Evetyone and everything in the cloud,
other than itsicreator, takes six dice of aggravated dam-
agé. The cloud:then dissipates. The vampire may exhale
very shallowly arid make-a Dexterity + Athletics roll,
diffictllty 6. If itésucceeds, the vampire catches the
neédles on hisskin. They do one level of bashingdamage
to him' but lie'quiescent until heychooses to flex his
muscles, Then they erupt as. if he'd just exhaled them. If
they're still'/present when he goes tosleep, they dissipate
without further effect.

The vampire can also make a more targeted attack. It
takes a single point of Yin Chi to spit a nearly invisible
dart with the same range and damage as a thrown knife.

ecoeo Xm Mera: Sour

The vampire joins her spirit with the darkest aspects
of the Yin World, ‘transforming her body into a solid
sculpture of itself, made out ofdark substancesalien'to the
mortal world. Her body turns a dull gray, shot through
with black crystals that moan softly;when touched. Her


92

eyes become empty holes into the Yin World. Derange-
ments and other psychological disturbances become mani-
fest as distortions to her form.

System: Spend 5 points of Yin Chi. It takes five turns
to make the transformation, which lasts for one scene.

The vampire's Appearance drops to zero. She gains
two points of Strength and Stamina and adds her Yin
Virtue to soak bashing and lethal damage. She can de-
velop any of the features of Metal Within if the player
succeeds in a Willpower roll, difficulty 7; and can banish
them at will.

While using Yin Metal Soul, the vampire can attack
Yin creatures in the Mirror Lands as if they were present
physically (and they can strike at her as if she were in the
Yin World). She can cut off parts of herself to offer gifts of
Chi, giving up apoint of Yin Chi but suffering no physical
damage and allowing the receiving spirit to gain a point
of Yin Chi.

The-vampire can stare at a target, drawing attention
to the windows into the Yin World thatare hereyes. Make
a contested roll of the yampire's Willpower against the
Willpower of the target. If the vampire wins, the target
must make a wave soul check; the difficulty is 6 for most
creatures, 7 for those in temporary Yang imbalance and 8
for those in permanent Yangimbalance. The vampire can
make a Dexterity + Performance or Manipulation +
Expression check to catch targets'.attention; each success
on that roll (difficulty-7) adds a die to the ensuing
Willpower roll.

The Yin metal the vampire becomes is extremely
toxic to living creatures. In addition to any normal
hand-to-hand damage (including Metal Within bo-
nuses), the vampire does one level of aggravated damage
for merely touching a living being, a materialized Yang
spirit or a permanently Yang-unbalanced Wan Kuei. If
the vampire grapples or holds such a target, she inflicts
this level of aggravated damage each turn, in addition to
any other damage.

Tue Gopsopy or Warr
(Bioop Siynraj)

The Godbody. of Water brings the vampire into
harmony with the principle of water: ubiquity, change,
quiet. Students of this Discipline learn to draw on Chi to
transform themselves in ways that break down the bar-
tier between self and'world and make themselves ame+
nable to change.

Chi Attunement: Strength

e Commanp oF Fiow jn Ser

The vampire manipulates all the liquid parts of his
form. While he can't actually make solid features like
bone flow, he can adjust blood and the other fluids inside
hisskin. He can flatten out parts of his body by withdraw-
ing fluid so as to squeeze through small places, and extend
his reach through fluid expansion in key points.

a

System: Spend a point of either type of Chi to
activate any of the benefits of this technique. Both dis-
tending and compacting make it easier for the vampire to
absorb.damage; make soak rolls at difficulty 5.

The vampire'can attempt to flow through any space
more than six inches wide; make a Dexterity + Athletics
roll, difficulty 6 for a space 10 inches wide, plus 1 for each
inch narrower. (The Storyteller may adjust the difficulty
for time spent preparing, constraints or openings in other
dimensions and other factors as appropriate.)

To disguise himself, the vampire must spend at least 10
minutes per dot of Appearance in his new features. (Raising
Appearance beyond his native condition is difficult and
adds an hour per dot.) It requires a resisted roll of an
observer's Perception + Empathy against the vampire's
Stamina + Subterfuge for anyone else to recognize the
vampire. If the vampire's new Appearance is higher than
his usual form, make the Stamina + Subterfuge roll at
difficulty 8. The disguise lasts an entire scene.

Commanp oF Fiow jn Orners

The vampire can reach out through force of will to
alter the flow of flesh and fluids in others. It's hard to
perform fine manipulation of the sort she can easily work
with Command of Flow in Self.

System: The vampire must touch her target, spend
a point of either type of Chi and roll Perception +
Medicine, difficulty 7..The effects. depend*on the
vampire's point of contact and intent.

The vampire can help the target's own body channel
Chi effectively so as to boost healing. Each success on the
Command of Flow in Others roll halves normal healing
times. If the target is in the process of fighting some
extended disease or other intruder in the body, add 1 to
the target's effective Stamina for each suceéss on the
Commandroll for the durationofthe particular infection,
poison orother problem. The vampireneed notcontinue
to touch the target throughout the healing process; she
simply "jumpstarts" the it,

Conversely, Command of Flow in Others may be used
to inflict harm ona target. A touch to the body lets the
vampire introduce turbulence into the target's circula-
tion. The victim feels racking nausea, pain and disorien-
tation; the suffering lasts for one turn per success on the
Command roll, minus one turn per success the victim's
player gets on a Stamina roll, difficulty 7. A touch to a
limb paralyzes that limb. A touch to the torso or chest
throws the victim's heart into erratic spasms and adds +2
to the difficulty of all physical tasks for the rest of the
scene. The yictim can spend a point of Willpower to
negate the penalty for one turn.

If the mortal botches the Stamina roll for a torso
touch, make a second Stamina roll. A second botch
indicates a fatal heart attack. A mortal who botches the
Stamina roll against a limb touch damages it in the force
of initial spasm, suffering one level of bashing damage.

Cuapren Four: Ways Unoen Hravin

Finally, atouch.to the face lets the vampire adjust her
target's features. The target must be immobilized or coop-
erating. It takes 20 minutes per dot of Appearance to
make the necessary changes, plus two hours per dot over
the target's normal Appéarance. Others attempting to
recognize the target must get more successes ona Petcep-
tion + Empathy roll, difficulty 6, than the target's player
gets on.a Stamina + Subterfuge roll, difficulty 7 (difficulty.
9 if the Appearance is artificially high). The target's
player can't accumulate more successes on the Subterfuge
roll than the vampire using Control of Flow in Others got
on the original Control roll.

eee The Ser of Warer

Every aspect of the vampire's physical form becomes
fluid arid malleable, though it retains its normal appearance.

System: Spend'a point of Yang Chi. For the next
three turns, the vampire dodges all attacks with his full
dice pool; he suffers no penalty to dodging no matter what
else he does. The vampire'can choose to concentrate on
defense, giving up the option of attacking. In this case,
make Dodge-rolls at difficulty 5 rather than 6.

The vampire can alter his dimensions (though not
his total weight) to flow through constrictions; this
requires a Strength + Yang roll, difficulty 7. Doing so
takes one turn.

In addition, the vampire can merge with any body of
liquid large enough to hold him. He becomes a vampire-
sized portion of that liquid, sharing its substance, while
retaining his physical dimensions and appearance. It
takes a turn to merge with or disengage from the liquid;
any combat actions he takes during the process are at +2
difficulty. While in the liquid, he takes no damage from
physical attacks until the surrounding liquid is boiled
away or otherwise removed. Mental and spiritual attacks
function normally at all times.

Tue Warr Lasu

The vampire commandsthe Chi in her own blood or
Some: nearby liquid.to turn into a whip-like weapon.
Lashes powered by Yang Chi pulse with red fury, while
lashes powered by Yin Chi shine with icy black hunger.

System: Spend a pointof either Yin or Yang Chi The
vampire can slit her own wrists to extrude a lash of blood
or spit to transform blood and' saliva into a lash. The
vampire ¢an also touch any body of liquid of at least a
quart and command it to form a lash. Im any event, the
lash extends four feet per dot of permanent rating in the
type of Chi the vampire spent to-create the lash. Roll
hand-to-hand combat as usual; the lash can perform any
combat maneuver its creatorknows. It strikes for Strength
+2 diceof aggravated damage; it can also inflict Strength
dice of bashing damage and then ensnare the victim. For
the target to escape, the victim's player must accumulate
three or more successes ina resisted roll of Strength versus
the lash creator's permanent rating in the type of Chi used
to form the lash (both rolls at difficulty 6).

93

ee oa

e Tue Sour Tipe

The vampire draws on the elemental force of water to
erode elements of her own soul or of others', exposing new
features: These changes are usually temporary but can be
made permanent with sacrifice.

System: The vampire concentrates for four turns, and
then, the player spends two Chi and rolls Manipulation +
Meditation, difficulty 8. For each success, the player can
do one of the following:

© change her character's Hun Nature;

© change her character's P'o Nature;

© change her character's Direction;

© move one dot within her character's Social At-
tributes (raising Manipulation one dot and lowering Cha-
tisma one dot, for example);

© move one dot within her character's Chi Virtues
(raising Yin and lowering Yang or vice versa); this does
not affect current temporary Chi levels and can cause or
change imbalances, both temporary and permanent.

These changes remain in place until the vampire goes
to sleep. A change can be made permanent by spending
three points of permanent Willpower per change.

The vampire can attempt to induce changes in will-
ing targets. She must be touching the target to do so. The
system works as above, except that the difficulty is 10.
Permanent changes are impossible in others.

Lifesight reveals changes to Attributes, Hun Nature
and Yang Chi; Ghostsight reveals changes to Direction,
P'o Nature and Yin Chi. Observers can see that part of the
target's soul has been changed but not what the previous
condition was.

Tut Gopsopy or Woop

(Fiesn Shjnra;)

The Godbody of Wood teaches the vampire'to culti-
yate himself as a sort of garden and to merge his will with
the living things of the world around him.

Chi Attunement: Dexterity

e PRUNING THE SELF

The vampire begins to cultivate the garden of self,
treating her body as an object to be adjusted to suit her
vision rather than something defined and immutable.

System: Detaching a body part requires a simple tug
to remove it. The discarded part lies inert but undamaged
for up to one'/hour per point of the vampire's Willpower,
then dies; the vampire can reattach it at any point but
must heal back three levels of lethal damage as she
reattaches the dead limb. She can also choose to let it lie
and regenerate it later; this takes 10 nights (20 if she is Yin
unbalanced), minus I night per point of permanent Yang.
(Note that the vampire cannot discard her head with this
technique nor try to grow a new one after decapitation.
She can remove her heart and become immune to staking,
bur cannot regain Chi from flesh or blood until it is


94

teplaced,) The vampire may also choose to incorporate
living ordead plant matter into her body. Any such grafts
do no harm but' retain their usual properties.as far as
dealing with the rest of the world. Living material stays
alive as long as she pays an extra point of Yang Chi each
night upon awakening. A Wan Kuei with obvious grafts
is usually quite inhuman in appearance and so cannot
move among mortals without raising alarm:

TRANSPLANTING THE SELF

The vampire cansrearrange his body at will.
System: Spend a point of Yang Chi. The vampire can
then rearrange his head, torso and limbsinto any configu-
ration he wants. All parts work normally or as normally as
they can under the new circumstances. The change lasts
until the vampire goes to'sleep; his body:réturns to its
normal arrangement as he sleeps.

eee The Worw Garpen

The vampire can merge his substance with'that of all
living plants and move through them freely,

System: It takes a turn of concentration to merge with
oremerge from plant life; during this transition, all combat
tasks arevat +2 difficulty. The vampire enters the plant
realm with roughly his normal proportions and appearance
but seems to be (for instance) a design in flowers or topiary
rather than a figure of flesh and bone. The vampire can
move at walking speed through all living plant matter. He
can change his proportions with a Dexterity + Yang roll; he
snaps back to his normal proportions'after One turn per
success. (Thus the vampire could follow vines and moss
into a building, but not pass through cut logs and the like:)
While inhabiting particular plants, the vampire can trigger
them to grow at twice or half their normal rate; this effect
remains active for a year after his passage.

Tue Vira Commanp

The vampire can leech vitality out of a target,
passing it into the world at large; the vampire can also

make vitality flow in, at the cost of damage'to herself or
the world.

Broo & Sux

System: Spend a point of Yang Chi and make a
Charisma + Yang Chi roll. If successful, the vampire can
inflict one level of lethal damage per success to a single
targetwithin her line of sight (this damage can be soaked
normally). Targets killed in this way crumble to dust in
seconds. The withdrawn vital energy flows into surround-
ing plant life, which becomes visibly more vibrant and
healthy; any diseases currently afflicting the plants disap-
pear if the target takes three or more levels of damage.

If the vampire chooses to make energy flow into the
target, each success heals 2 bashing or 1 lethal level of
damage. It requires one point of Yang Chi per success,

either offered up voluntarily by the vampire or extracted ,
from nearby plants. Plants thus affected wither and gen"

erally die or develop peculiar diseases. The vampire can
use this power on herself. ‘

The Sparx or bre

The vampire can inspire life in inanimate objects.
These objects must made of wood, sap or other materials
harvested from living plants, and they must be made forthe
express purpose of receiving spiritual essence. These ob-
jects are generally either crafted by a Wan Kuei for explicit
use with this technique or crafted by mortal artisans or
monks as religious objects meant to embody a natural or
universal spirit. Some ancestors ban the use of Spark of Life
on such objects, believing that they are reserved for Yang
(and even Celestial) spirits and to hijack them isto invite
retribution. Most Wan Kuei, swollen with pride, scoff at
these bans.

System: First, the vampire or someone else must

create a work of art to be animated. The creator must.»

achieve three or more successes ona Dexterity + Crafts
roll, or flaws make it impossible for the object to receive
its spirit.

Each point of Yang Chi the vampire spends gives the
object' two Health levels and four dots'the vampire may
allocate among all attributes. The animated object begins
with the vampire's own Hun and P'o Natures, Willpower
1 and/1 in each of the Soul Virtues. The vampire can
spenda pointof Yang Chito change the Natures orto gain
4 dots to distribute among Hun, P'o, Yin and Yang. The
object cannot have any Virtues higher than its creator
and begins with Attributes reflecting its nature (a large
wooden statue might have high Strength and Stamina, for
example, while a small figurine could have, at most, one
dot of each) butno specific Abilities. The resulting object
isn't just animated but self-aware, possessed of its own
soul. It obeys the orders the vampire gives, even ones that
endanger itself; over time, it also develops motives of its
own, which it seeks to act upon when not ordered other-
wise. It can learn Abilities like any other sentient being.

Every time the newly animated soul botches a
Soul Virtue roll, its P'e gains a point of strength. Over
time, such things inevitably become SoneDY even
with regular purging.

Theanimated object retains most of its origi-
nal propertiés: Objects made of séme liquid, for
instance, can retain a solid form forno more than
one minute per point of Willpower per day, while
objects catved from hardwoods have extta levels
of soak. Witalized"objects wake and sleep at the
same time as theiticreator, no matter how sepa-
rated they:become.

RjTES OF THE
Fourtn Ace

Rites are a criticalpart of Wan®Kuei exist-
ence. Many rites draw on the powers of Heaven
and the Ten Thousand Things, allowing the
Hungry Dead to tap into mighty energies. Other
rites are not "magical" as the West would under-
stand it but) instead, mark important moments
and events. Nevertheless, the'spirit world takes
notice of these events, and news spreads through
the gossips of the spirit courts, meaning that
those who celebrate an event or pronounce a
suspect akuma can expect that their elders will
soon learn the news. The Wan Kuei treat both
these sorts of rites as the same field of inquiry —
it is as proper and important to, commemorate
adding a new member to a wuas it is to ask
heaven to sttike down one's enemies.

Access to rites is tightly controlled. Not every-
one should know how to write petitions to the
Compass points. Vampires who wish access to ritu-
als:must either find a court official or a private
citizen to teach them (see "Favors and Prestation",
p. 117), Or-else become an apprentice ritualist:
Storytellers should keep in mind that the player's
characters are not the only people out there trying
to learn these secrets. Masters of Wan Kuei ritual
magichave been besieged forcenturies by legions of
hopeful. apprentices ranging in age from Running
Monkeys to mandarins, notto mention the catspaws
Of jealous-rivals and would-be akuma seeking to
sack their libraries for forbidden lore. They have
seen and heard it all, and their apprenticeships are
grueling, arduous and designed to weed out all
those not genuinely interested in doing the job. In
short, learning tites, particularly powerful ones, is
usually a difficult and expensive proposition.

Also, rites are difficult — as difficult' as
becomirig a doctor or master of thé" classics.
Unless.the instruction' is to be entirely. oral (a
highly unlikely proposition), the pupil must know
kaja script so-he can read the proper texts. In
addition; many rites presuppose an extensive
knowledge of astrology, cosmology, philosophy
and alchemy. Storytellers should feel free to limit
characters with low or nonexistent Academics,

96

Science and Occult skills from learning Rituals past one
or two dots.

Access to rites may also depend on Dharma. The
various Roads Back have rituals developed by members of
the faith for usein furthering the Dharma's goals. Most are
of limited interest to anyone not pursuing the Dharma.
Others, particularly the more powerful ones, are secrets of
the faith. Learning them is problematic, and demonstrat-
ing the ability to use them around. the wrong eyes is
exceedingly ill-advised. Some particularly powerful ritu-
als are said to be guarded by spirits and ministers of
Heaven who prevent their misuse, while others are said
not to work for vampires not of the proper Dharma or to
misfire with fatal consequences. If this is the case and not
just rumors circulated to protect these rites, no one has set
down a commonly available record of it happening.

Ta Cost oF LEaRNjNG

Aside from the cost of the prestation and hono-
‘rarium, rites have some other costs associated with
them. It takes about a week of careful study per level
to learn the rite well enough to practice it (possibly
several weeks if the character is receiving oral train-
ing). Storytellers may also choose to require a player to
pay one or two experience points per level of the rite
to learn it, if they feel that the in-game costs are not
enough of a limitation.

Generar Rjtes

Skilled ritualists across the Dharmas and courts prac-
tice the following rites. They are less well-guarded than
Dharmic rites, but still require a great deal of study. All of
the rites described on pages 127-131 of Kindred of the
East are also in use during the Fourth Age.

Bioop Preservarjon (Lever One Rite)

The Chi remains in blood or flesh only until the
process of decomposition begins. In warm climates, this
usually means that the vital forces flee by the end of the
night. For Wan Kueiy,who are much more reliant on
coercive feeding than Cainites, this can be a serious
liability. This simple ritual. was devised in the earlydays
of the Fourth Age, when young vampires began to need
an unclean diet of fresh blood. Since then, an art
equivalent to distilling has developed, creating bloods of
fine flavor and with intoxicating qualities. This blood
distillation is frowned upon by most elders (at least in
public — many are said to partake in private), but it has.
nevertheless developed into quite a sophisticated pro-
cess. Blood Distilling is available as a Crafts Skill, and
there are more powerful and specialized versions of this
rite up to and beyond Jevel 5. However, these differ
primarily in palatability — blood created with this
simple rite seems very flat and slightly "off."

System: The ritualist mixes the bloodand the necessary
ingredients (primarily an extract of ginseng and aconite) and

«

performs this 30-minute rite over them. At the end, the
player makes an Intelligence + Occult roll, difficulty 7. Each
success indicates on blood point preserved. Preserved blood
is approximately one pint in volume per point and must be
stored in a sealed, airtight container or it will spoil within a
few days. The "flavor" of the blood, Yin or Yang, is set by the
herbs and incantations at the time of preservation and
cannot be changed thereafter. There isasecond level variant
of this rite for storing Yang healing potions the vampire
creates for use by mortals, which omits the aconite, cinnabar
and other poisonous materials.

Bynpjng Goons (Lever Two Rjre)

Wan Kuei are protean creatures, prone to changing
their forms, sprouting spikes and growing to several times
their normal size. Obyiously, this can be make the matter
of maintaining a dignified appearance difficult, to say
nothing of the problems of holding onto valuable equip-
ment during these many changes. Binding Goods is a
magical rite by which the vampire "attaches" clothing
and harnesses to herself, so that they accompany. her
through any changes she makes. While clothing and belts
and so forth may change size, the items attached to them
do not. A jina's treasured belt-knife may not fall off when
his clothing tears apart as he grow into his Godbody of the
Demon, but neither wilLit grow to the size of a longsword
to match his newly gigantic hands:

System: The vampire must perform a night-long rite
over the itemsto be bound to her person, at the end of which
they are harmonized with her spiritual energies. They will
change to fit her, nomatter what shape she assumes, and will
disappear completely if she assumes an animal shape or a
shape which otherwise cannot utilize them. Also, if the
vampire pierces or shreds them while assuming a new form,
the clothes will be whole again when the vampire returns to
her normal human shape.

A-vampire can only have as many items bound to her
as she has points of Hun, and this "capacity" cannot be
reclaimed without the destruction of one or more bound
items./A popular way to humiliate one's rivals or enemies
is to steal their bound goods and secret them somewhere
remote or dangerous.

Sroring THe Demon's Fury
(Lever Taree Rte)

The P'o is the curse of the Wan Kuei. Though they
have learned to draw strength from it, it is unfortunately
quite lazy. Those vampires dependent on the Demon Arts
are at the mercy of the P'o, as its erratic rhythms dictate
when they may use these Disciplines. This rite was devel-
oped as away to speed the Demon's often agonizingly slow
return to power. While far from perfect, it is better than
waiting day after day for the P'o's power to grow.

System: The vampire meditates for three hours, prod-
ding the demon and focusing the Hun's own righteous
anger. At the end, the player makes a Stamina + Medita-
tion roll, difficulty 9. If itis suécessful, the vampire may

Cuapter Four: Ways Unner Heaven

convert any number of points of temporary Willpower
into Demon Chi, so long as the amount converted is not
greater than his Meditation rating and does not make his
Demon Chi exceed his P'o rating. The P'o then receives
an immediate roll for shadow soul. If more temporary
Willpower is converted than the vampire has Hun, the
difficulty of the P'o's shadow soul roll is reduced by one per
additional point.

CROWNING THE ANCESTOR
(Lever Seven Rite)

Among the Wan Kuei, "ancestor" describes not just
a political position, but a spiritual state» The leader of a
court is not simply an appointed official; rather, he is
actually elevated by the efforts of the mandarins who put
him in office. This rite is composed of a grueling series of
tests, where the prospective ancestor demonstrates not
only his knowledge and wisdom but also his power and his
domination of the P'o. When it is completed (if it is
completed — by no meansall prospective ancestors make
the grade, and the latter stages of the test are quite fatal if
failed), the mandarins in question culminate the rite with
the enthronement of the ancestor, carrying him to his
throne in a palanquin borne on their own shoulders. This
rite requires the participation of at least a dozen manda-
rins, meaning that it is only performed in the most
powerful courts.

System: The actual tests vary from version to version.
Various courts and Dharmas have their own unique tests,
emphasizing various different abilities and strengths. When
several mandarins meet to select an ancestor, they gener-
ally mix and match the various pieces of the rites they
know to in order to get one appropriate for the situation
the new ancestor will inhabit. Aside from the scholarly
component, thé tests invariably involve some sort of
combat, as well as at least one situation involving a very
severe soul state roll of each type (shadow, fire and wave).

After surviving this rite, the ancestor gains several
benefits:

¢ She may store five more points of both Yin and
Yang Chi in her body than her Dharma level.would
normally allow.

She may spend one more point of Chi per turn than
her Dharma level would normally allow.

¢ Her player's rolls to oppose a negative soul state are
decreased in difficulty by 2; however, asa side effect, she
cannot willingly enter fire soul:

© She may use Demon Chi to power Demon Arts and
burn raw Demon:Chi without making a shadow soul roll:
Black Wind still requires aP'o roll each round to avoid fire
soul, however, but the difficulty is modified, as above, and
$0, is only 6.

These abilities last so long as the vampire continues
to exist— the only Wan Kuei known to have gained these
abilities and subsequently lost them are those who have
been remade as greater akuma or otherwise transfigured.

cae 7
This rite is rarer than it might seem — given its benefits
— because getting-12 mandarins to agree to support a
single ancestor is a difficult task indeed. Also, the rite is
very dangerous, not necessary to the Road Back and not
entirely a matter of skill and knowledge — the recipient
is to some degree subjected to Heaven's scrutiny, and woe
unto those who conspire to receive the August Personage's
mandate of authority under false pretenses.

DeEvjL-TigeR Rites

Dream oF THE Surrocatjng Car
(Lever Two Rite)

The Devil-Tigers often utilize supernatural methods
to punish sinners in subtle fashions. Moral lessons are
better driven home through the influence of seemingly
impersonal forces than through demons rending the flesh
of sinners, believe the Devils of Heaven. Through the use
of Dream of the Suffocating Cat, the victim is struck with
night terrors —dreams of suffocation that leave the target
sleepless and weary.

System: The ritualist must have some part of the
victim —hair, nail clippings, blood and tears are common
choices. By making a facsimile of the target and perform-
ing a 20-minute rite over it, he sends very minor spirits of
wickedness to trouble her dreams. The target must make
a Stamina roll (difficulty 4) orsuffer the effects of the
Nightmares Flaw and having failed his Willpower roll.
For every two nights the rite is repeated, the difficulty of
the Stamina roll goes up by 1, to a maximum of 8. If the
target sleeps on holy ground, is blessed by a priest or
otherwise takes shelter in an area free of negative influ-
ences (inside an area warded by the Harmonious Shield-
ing of the Sacred Haven rite, for example), she is safe from
effects of the rite for that night, but the difficultyof the
Stamina roll does not decrease.

MEMoRjes OF ToRMENTS UNEXPERJENCED
(Lever Four Rjre)

Through the use of this ritual, the Devil-Tigers in-
dulge in one of their favorite pastimes — torment —
without the difficulties involved in actually mutilating
the victim. By breaking into a residence and setting this
rite upon a sleeping victim, they "torture" the target all
night long, yet when the victim™awakens, she finds that
nothing has happened. This sort of elaborate dream-
torture is a favorite among those who punish sinners,
though it hasseen use for other (generally erotic) purposes
from time to time.

System: The Devil-Tiger must stand beside the
victim and recite to himself a 15-minute mantra. Atits
conclusion, the victim is transported to a dreamscape
that the Devil-Tiger controls. Nothing that happens to
her there is real, and she cannot be killed, no matter
how badly she is mutilated. The Devil-Tiger may choose
to appear in the dream as himself, as another person or


98

not at "alljeremaining the unseen mastermind of the
unfolding nightmare.

More than one vampire can participate in-this rite,
sharingcontrol of the dreamscape. All participating Devil-
Tigers must link hands around the body of the victim and
must-know and perform the rite.

The vampires need not be visible during the rite,
and for the purposes of Chi expenditure to maintain
Disciplines, the entire period of the dream is a single
scene. The correspondence between time in the dream
and time outside it is chosen by the Devil-Tiger — the
victim'can be tortured for days and wake up with but an
instant haying passed, or she can have a terrible dream
of falling and wake up to find she spent the entire night
sCreaming in terror. If the rite is disturbed, even for a
moment, the dream endsand the victim almost certainly
starts awake. If the rite is brought to a natural close by
the Devil-Tigers, they can choose if the victim wakes at
that time or not. Repeated use of this rite at its most
intense can drive the victim to suicidal abuse of stimu-
lants to avoid sleep or cause a psychotic breakdown.

Memorja To THE MercjLess MinjsTeRs
(Lever Seven Rite)

This rite allows a Devil-Tiger mandarin to send a
memorial to Heaven, where it is received by the ministers
who deal with such matters as woe, punishment, pestilence
and pain. This document, essentially a formal petition, is
signed by the Devil-Tiger who wrote it (and possibly by
others, see below). Ifthe ministers of Heaven agree with the
recommendations of the memorial, they may cause the
request to be fulfilled. Ifthey are disinterested in the matter,
ordered to do otherwise by their superiors, if the matter is
beyond their purview or if the target has a powerful horo-
scope orallies in Heaven or the Yomi Realms, they may be
forced to simply ignore the memorial. If the request is
presumptuous or awkwardly phrased, the ministers (who
are touchy at the best of times) may choose to visit
Heayen's wrath on those who presented the femorial, as
a lessonthat the ministries of punishment and woe are not
to-be invoked lightly. This rite is used only in the most
critical of circumstances— when a greaterakuma is abroad
in the land and cannot be put down by the usual means,
when a great dragon nest has been destroyed or when a
terrible sinner must be subjected toa punishment beyond
the capabilities of even the Wan Kuei.

Heaven ceases to' acknowledge these memorials of
woe with the ending of the Fourth Age.

System: The author of the memorial, who also must
be the practitioner of this rite, must get five Successes on
an extended Intelligence + Occultroll (difficulty 9) to get
the petition right. Each roll consumes about three to five
working nights. Once he has composed it, he must make
a Dexterity + Linguistics roll (difficulty 10) to write it
properly. Such missives are traditionally submitted in
kaja, and so, the ritualist must obviously be able to write
that language:

Bioop & Suk

This missive, essentially a formal petition, is best
accompanied by a large bribe of gem-quality jade. Both
are burnt in a fire of incense, charcoal and resin, and the
smoke carries the missive up to Heaven. Before sending it,
the ritualist must make their chop-mark on the docu-
ment, and this causes him to permanently lose a point of
P'oas he attaches a bit of his wickedness to the document
to lend it credence. Other Devil-Tigers may make their
chop-marks on. the rite to show their support for the
measure (also losing a point of permanent P'o in the
process), but the marks of vampires below Dharma 6 are
unlikely to do much in the way of helping the document
gain celestial attention, and those of disciples are actively
injurious to the memorial's chances. If the ministers of
Heaven wanted to hear what the Running Monkeys have
to say, they'd ask.

The actual effects of this'rite are entirely up to the
Storyteller. Ifit works, the effects can be very bad indeed —
indeed, powerful almost beyond description. Mountains
can be uprooted, seas can be boiled, plagues and barbarian
hordes can be loosed upon the land. At other times, the
effect is more subtle, for the ministers would rather con-
serve their budget than spendit frivolously and have to go
begging to the August Personage for more. Regardless, if it
works, the effects are nigh-inescapable, and if it fails badly,
the retribution is likewise unerring.

RESPLENDENT Crane RjTEs

Branojng The Capjnar (Lever Two Rite)

The Resplendent Cranes, like the Devil-Tigers, often
take itupon themselves to punish the unrighteous. Through
this rite, the Crane marks the forehead of someone she
believes to be unrighteous with a single character. The ink
is the Crane's own blood mixed with powdered gold and
jade. Some Cranes perform this rite on the wicked as they
lie sleeping, and others use the Yin Prana and apply it to
them unawares. It is important, however, that the victim
not know they are marked, or else, they're likely to remove
the sigil before it has the desired effect.

System: The rite takes about 10 minutes and is
performed over the blood, which is enough for one mark-
ing. The blood must then be used by the next sunrise. The
kaja character used is invisible to mortals but is perfectly
visible to shen, holy men and mediums. Regardless of
whether it is visible or not, it gives the viewer a distinct
sense thatthe victim is whatever is depicted by the
character (which must be negative). The character can-
not be detected by the victim and remains clear and
unsmudged until. washed off with clean water — sweat
will not do nor will falling rain.

Common characters are those for jackass, rapist,
thief, murderer and so on. This usually results in a +1
difficulty to all social rolls but can be significantly more if
the person can.actually see the rune or detests whatever
the: character represents. Likewise, it could be of no
consequence —someone in aden of brigands who thought

Cuarre Four: Ways Unper Heaven

his drinking partner was a rapist probably would neither
be surprised nor care.

JNQUjS|TION OF THE PRyjnG MacjstRaTE
(Lever Tiree Ryre)

Through the use of this rite, a Resplendent Crane can
inquire into the truth of a matter. By restraining a subject
(the subject can simply sit still voluntarily) and perform-
ing this one-hour rite over him, the target is rendered
unable to lie. He can choose not to speak, and he can
speak on other topics or not actually answer the question,
but while he remains seated or restrained, he cannot lie.

System: The ritualist must spend an‘hour performing
the rite, which involvesincense, prayers and the symbolic
(or real) beating of the subject. The victim» may be
tortured, subjected to the Obligation Discipline or other-
wise persuaded to talk and the rite will still function.
However, if he leaves his chair, the effect ends, so re-
straints are advised when the rite is used on unwilling
subjects. If the subject is a Wan Kuei, he may make the
usual P'o roll (difficulty 9) to escape mind control, and if
tortured, he may enter fire soul.

PurjrcaTjons oF Rice ann Garijc
(Leven Six Rye)

Through the use of this powerful and closely guarded
rite,.a Resplendent.Crane mandarin may, for a time,
become truly holy. Though this state is fragile, it is

99

blessed. Creatures of wickedness cannot stand against
the vampire, and the Crane's touch causes them grave
pain. It is said that those in this state who can meet the
Eye of Heaven while retaining their composure ascend
directly to Heaven. Of course, there is no real evidence
of this. With the turning of the Age, this ritual becomes
more and more difficult, until it finally ceases to func-
tion in the 1700s.

System: The Crane must have her internal organs
removed, save for the heart, diaphragm and lungs: Doing
this according to the proper ritual forms requires at least
10 cumulative successes on an Intelligence + Medicine
check (difficulty 8). One roll is permitted per hour, and
the process must be completed by sunrise. Obviously, the
vampire cannot do this herself.

In place of the absent internal organs, the vampire's
body is stuffed with white rice fumigated in the most
expensive of incenses and garlic cloyes upon which have
been carved prayers to the buddhas and the ministers of
Heaven. This process causes the vampire to take three
health levels of unsoakable lethal damage that cannot be
healed until the vampire's insides are allowed to return to
their normal configuration. Carving the garlic requires 50
successes ona Dexterity + Crafts (Carving) roll (difficulty
8), though assistants can be employed, provided they are
properly purified during the work.

The vampire. must then stay awake, meditating, all
through the daylight hours. This requires three Stamina


+ Meditation tolls: One at difficulty 7, one at difficulty 8
and oneat difficulty 9. Ifall three rolls succeed, the player
must make a test just as if the character had reached an
auspicious oceasion (see Kindred of the East, pp. 52-53).
If the P'o. succeeds, the vampire immediately dies the
LittleDeath from accumulated bodily and spiritual trauma
and experiences a concurrent act of blindness. It is tradi-
tional to burn the Corpse after such failures:

If the vampire succeeds in the Dharma roll, she
immediately gains a form of True Faith. The player may
roll a number of dice equal to half the vampire's Dharma
(round up) to repel wicked creatures as if the vampire had
the first level of Western True Faith (as described in
Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 272). The vampire need
not use a holy symbol to repel unrighteous beings, though
she must'pray, gesture or otherwise indicate her displea-
sure. The vampire's touch also causes one level of aggra-
vated damage to any unrighteous being, in addition to any
normal hand-to-hand damage that might apply. Obvi-
ously, the vampire's Faith does not affect herself.

This effect lasts until the player fails a soul state roll.
While in this state, the vampire cannot perform internal
alchemy (as he has no internal organs) and so can only
feed by breath or osmosis. In fact, imbibing anything at
all is impossible, for the vampire has no stomach. Also
while in this state, the vampire cannot spend or gain

Demon Chi.
Snapow Song Rjtes

Bone-Ojt Kiss (Lever Three Ryte)

Through the use of this rite, the Bone Dancer may
cause a ghost to fall in love with him. The effect is quite
strong, and for the duration of the rite, it is one of the
ghost's prime motive forces. The vampire must perform
the several-hour rite oyer a small pot of so-called "bone
oil," which is carefully distilled under the full moon from
bones, hallucinogenic toadstools and various other cem-
etery favorites.

He'miist then apply it to his lips and kiss the ghost.
The kiss need not be given willingly — itcan be stolen or
forced — but it must be on the lips. The love waxes,and
wanes with the moon, ending on the new moon/after the
kiss. Ghosts are quite wise to this power, which is often
used by Bone Dancers hungry for companionship or the
Yin Chi of the dead. Using itagainst those with powerful
connections to the government of the Yellow Springs is
ill-advised.

System: The vampire must make a Intelligence +
Occult roll (difficulty8) to distill the bone oil: After being
kissed, the ghost must make a Willpower roll, difficulty 9,
or become deeply infatuated with the vampire. The more
successes the vampire makes on his Intelligence Occult
roll, the stronger the infatuation: One success means the
ghost yearns for the vampire, three successes means she is
hopelessly smitteny and five successes means the ghost

Broop & Sux

will do almost anything the vampire says out of hopeless,
helpless love.

In Wraith: The Oblivion terms, the ghost gains a
Passion.of Loye (the Bone Dancer who kissed her) at a
level equal to the number of successes rolled. There is
enough oil inone pot of bone oil for one kiss, though some
Shadow Songs carry veritable arsenals of the substance
with them.

Reaping The Leaves Or Wjspow
(Lever Four Rjte)

Bone Dancers often use fortune telling methods to
divine the deeper meanings of a conundrum. By means of
this short rite, the Bone Dancer can use bibliomancy
(divining by means of books) to read the future and to find
the true meaning of a matter.

The vampire performs the 15-minute rite over the
scroll or book to be used for divination; opens or unrolls
it to a random area and, with her eyes closed, puts her
finger down onacharacter. Traditionally, the bookshould
be written in kaja, with the Ki Chuan being the text most
commonly used. Other books are also used, even those
written in mortal tongues, but none of them have gained
the widespread acceptance of the Commentaries of Ki.

System: The vampire performs the 15-minute rite
and opens the book, placing her finger on one or more
characters with her eyes closed. These characters
comprise the oracle. The player makes a Wits +
Enigmas roll to-understand its significance. One suc-
cess indicates the vampire gets a general feeling, three
indicates a good reading, and five indicates an excel-
lent reading, with a clear message and unexpected
insights into the situation.

If the Storyteller wishes, he may make up the "actual"
reading and give that to the player along with hints
depending on the number of successes achieved on the
Wits + Enigmas roll. Don't be cruel, however. The player's
character is probably more skilled at interpreting obscure
symbolic messages than the player himself. Note that
using'this rite to' master a koan-or teaching riddle is
defeating the purpose — the point of such riddles is not in
finding the answer but in the process of finding the answer.
At best, divining the answer will make the riddle empty
of worth: At worst (if, for example, the student is scolded
by his mentor for treating his enlightenment in such a
cavalier fashion), it can constitute an act of blindness.

Tue Rigttzous Hunr (Lever S;x Rye)

The Bone Dancers, like the Resplendent Cranes,
safeguard thesanctity of theancestors. Unlike the Cranes,
however, they do not often act directly against those who
belittle or ignore the departed. Instead, they allow the
Spirits of the Yin World to handle such matters of diste-
spect themselves.

This rite marks the target for the attentions of kuei,
unrighteous ghosts and other unclean Yin spirits. The
exact effects vary, but they can include ghastly wasting

oo,

Ds htie e .§

Cuapter Four: Ways Unoer Heaven

sicknesses, terrible sanity-threatening nightmares or sim-
ply a horrible and inexplicable death at the hands of a
brutal unseen assailant. Bone Dancers do nov inflict this
punishment lightly, reserving it only for those who com-
mit what they see as the most serious acts of wrongdoing
—defiling a graveyard or ancestral shrine, the burning of
libraries and the persecution of legitimate scholars and
seekers of knowledge.

System: The ritualist must actually mark the victim
or her household with a mixture of bone oil (see Bone-
OilKiss, above), grave earth and the ashes of a carefully
written denunciation of the victim's crimes. This rite
takes about 30 minutes and must be performed in the
victim's presence or in her household. Luckily, the rite
is slow and subtle enough that it can be performed under
the shelter of the Shrouded Moon (Yin Prana *).

The actual effects vary depending on the type of
spectres and kuei that are attracted to the victim, but
being the target of several wicked ghosts is never pleasant.
Prayerand magic can bar the ghosts from the area, but this
only angers them. The mark lingers, even in death, and if
the victim dies and passes into the Yellow Springs, her
existence will be forever troubled by the depredations of
unrighteous Yin spirits. The only way to remove the mark
of the Righteous Hunt is to atone for the wrongdoing,
which any medium or exorcist will be able to divine the
general nature of (if only from the blood-curdling insults
hurled by the evil ghosts circling the victim). Otherwise,
the subject will be the target of supernatural evil for the
balance of her (probably greatly abbreviated) life.

Tuousanp Wiijsper Rites

The Ryruar oF THe juvisjsLe Masx

(Lever Taree Rive)

The Thousand Whispers are master shapeshifters.
This ritual represents their most basic form of shapeshifting
— the ability not to. change your shape but to deceive
others into believing that yotthave done so. The vampire
performs an elaborate ritual, dressing in a set of garments
and a mask which represents a Caricature of the identity
the vampire wishes to assume. Until the mask is removed,
non-shen who see the vampire will mistake her for the
identity she has assumed. Awakened beings are not so
easily fooled — they may make'a Perception + Alertness
check (difficulty 6) to penetrate the disguise, and shen
using any form of preternatural senses automatically see
through the mask.

System: The rite to assume the identity takes almost
an hour and includes a-large number of psychological
exercises calculated to allow the Wise Centipede to adopt
the role more fully. While in her disguise, the vampire
does not appear'dead (though she may appear ill if Yin-
aspected), but she is still cold to the touch and cannoteat,
have sex or otherwise perform mortal activities if she is
normally unable to do so. Those beings who penetrate the

———__— -
vampire's disguise see her for what she is: a vampire in an
elaborate costume.

Each identity assumed must be unique: The vampire
cannotshare clothing and props between identities. While
the vampire has an identity while in costume (meaning if
she goes about in her garb night after night, people will
recognize her as the Same person every night) this rite
cannot be used to imitate a specific, actual person who
already exists.

Wispom OF THE Spjpit Ways
(Leven. Five Rjre)

In the course of wearing their many lives, the Thou-
sand Whispers must be able to assume any tole. While
shape can be easily changed, knowledge and memory are
much more difficult to obtain. To gain the knowledge
needed to don their next mask, elder Thousand Whispers
take time between lives to travel in the spirit courts of the
Yang Realms. There, the-vampires learn essential skills at
the knees of the spirits. Not only does this allow them to
gain new understanding and skills critical to their next
"incarnation," it is also a source of wisdom and self-under-
standing, of internalizing the lessons of the existence they
so recently abandoned. It is from the denizens of the Yang
Realms that most elder Thousand Whispers learn. the
unanswerable and paradoxical riddles they use as medita-
tion tools.

System: This rite is particularly elaborate, taking
several days. The vampire undertakes ritual funeral prepa-
tations and then "dies," taking the Little Death in a
ritualistic fashion which prevents it from constituting an
act of blindness. Her body serves as an anchor to attach
her to the Middle Kingdom, and if it is destroyed, she is
lost foreyer — thus, the Thousand Whisper tradition of
guarding the body while the spirit travels.

Unlike the normal Little Death, this is nota traumatic
nightmare butadreamlike time of learning and meditation.
In this state, the vampire absorbs the experiences of their
last life and xeceives spiritual instruction from the inhabit-
ants of the spirit courts. Whatever effects this has are up to
the Storyteller to decide —in general, it aids the vampire
in letting go of the how-vanished existence and embracing
their new life. The more concrete effects are that the
vatiipire can spend accumulated experience points to buy
or increase Abilities, Virtues and Attributes at the regular
cost without resorting to tutelage. The-Wise Centipede
may not purchase Disciplines in this fashion.

The length of the vampire's journey in the spirit
realms is as usual for the Little Death — one night per
point of permanent Yin rating.

Reeps ju Tue Cxcie Or Seasons
(Lever Seven Rite)

Just as the reed bed is sometimes burned down to the
roots in time of drought, so the Wise Centipede knows
that she too must occasionally pass from the scene. By

——_
means of this tite, the Thousand Whisper stages her own
demise. While not the FinalDeath, it is very close. The
vampire's body is reduced to dust, and she spends decades
or centuries blowing on the winds of the spirit worlds until
she finally returns to substance in a place where the
Tapestry is thin.

This rite takes several months to prepare, as the Wise
Centipede makes herself ready for her death by whatever
means she chooses, at the appointed time and in the
appointed place. Because it is so essential that the time
and place and method of demise be known, this rite is
usually a form of ritual suicide. This is most often a simple
Facing the Eye of Heaven, but it can also be extremely
elaborate and involve quite a large cast of unwitting
participants. There are also stories of Dragon Tear or Tzu
Wei masters using this rite to cleverly sidestep demises
they foresaw but could not avert.

System: The vampire must spend several months
preparing for the big event, though she need not work full-
time. However, she must put a fair amount of preparation
in, and Storytellers should feel free to invent urgent horo-
scopes or rituals to disrupt the day-to-day activities of a
vampire preparing to sidestep a few centuries of existence.
It requires extensive prayers at various times and locations
and cannot be undertaken while in bondage orunder house
arrest, at least not without the consent of the vampire's
captors. If itis being used to fake the vampire's death, even
the slightest mishap in the timing or method of death may
result in the vampires actual destruction.

A character must havea Rituals and Occult score of at
least 4 each to perform this rite. If nothing has gone awry
during the preparations (which the Storyteller should
probably make an elaborate subplot), the character makes
an Intelligence + Rituals roll (difficulty 7) at the moment
of her physical demise. Success means that the rite has
worked. Failure means that she has met the Final Death.
The length of time the vampire remain outside the Wheel
is entirely up to the Storyteller; thereisno way the vampire
can predict the lengthof her false death, whiéh canbe as
short asia few decades or as long as. afew centuries.

When "dead," the Wise Centipede is effectively im-
possible to contact. Her body rots away to dust or bums'to
ash. Her spirit cannot be reached or compelled with necro-
mancy, she isunaware of what happens around her, and she
gains no experience. To the outside‘world, it as if she had
met the Final Death. To the vampire, it as if she had laid
down for a deep, dreamless sleep.

The vampire will swirl together from dust, fallen,
leaves, thin air and the like on some auspicious night in
the far future. On reforming, the vampire is naked and
physically perfect, replenished in Chi and Willpower.
She has left behind past lives and entered a new one. This
is among the most auspicious occasions a Wise Centipede
can experience, and the player makes an immediate
Dharma roll unopposed by the P'o.

Turasnjng Dracon Rjres

Sensing THE EartH's Sjckness
(Lever Two Rjtr)

This rite allows the Thrashing Dragon to find the source
of apower tainting the natural forces in an area. By entering
a meditative state and wandering about, the Thrashing
Dragonattunes herself to thenatural forces. She may stumble
upon the source of the sickness during a moonlit walk, may
be given hints of it in prophetic dreams or may find herself
driven to attempt to describe it via calligraphy or painting.
It depends somewhat on the vampire, somewhat on the
circumstances and somewhat on blind chance.

System: The vampire meditates and allows herself to
become an open conduit to the natural forces, and the
player makes a roll equal to the vampire's Dharma (diffi-
culty 8). If the vampire does her meditation under the
influence of No Mind (Internalize ¢), then decrease the
difficulty to 6. One success allows her to tell if there is a
problem. Three successes allows her'to get a general feel
for the situation, and five ormore leads her to the problem
in a fairly clear fashion.

The taint to be sensed must be both powerful and
poorly hidden, because the rite itself is weak. Lesser evils
(like those spread by a single bakemono or wicked person)
or carefully concealed evils (such as those hatched by the
Yama Kings and their greater akuma servants) are much
harder to ferretout. The only thing the Dragon is likely to
learn about such matters is that they are somehow beyond
the scope of this rite. The sickness mustalso be unnatural.
Regardless of what Confucians maintain, some disasters
simply happen: This rite does nothing to detect the source
of droughts and insect swarms and the like that are simply
part of the natural cycle.

Spear, Wirt Loca: Beasts
(Lever Four Rye)

This rite is in'some ways similar to Sensing the Earth's
Sickness buthas much greater general applicability. Through,
the means of this rite, the Thrashing Dragon makes a
formal request foran audience with any important mem-
bers of the local animal kingdom. The rite must be per-
formed under the new moon, and the meeting takes place
at the full moon immediately thereafter, in the place where
the rite was performed:

In the.city, the rite will call forth the princes and
princesses of the rats, dignitaries and ambassadors of the
pigeons, the ranking magistrate of cats and the feudal
barons of the local dog population. In wilderness areas,
one can expect any sort of creature — the count of the
local boars, the priests of the fallow-deer monastery or
even the bandit-kings of the wolves and the rajahs of the
tigets. Also, if there is a Xiong Ren holy place nearby, its
keeper will sense the call and know it's origin, so the
request for audience is likely to draw some of the local
skin-changets, if there are any,about.


Cuapter Four: Ways Unoer Heaven

The circumstances under which a vampire might pet-
form this rite vary. Some elder Thrashing Dragons hold a
regular court every season or year to make sure'that matters
in their demesne are running smoothly. More often, this
rite isused during times of need in order to gain information
or animal allies,

System: The Thrashing Dragon performs a three
hour entreaty under the new moon, and the player
makes a Charisma + Animal Ken roll, with a difficulty
equal to the degree to which the Thrashing Dragon
follows the proper forms. Dignified speech, formal garb
and many food offerings appropriate to the local animal
population will cause the difficulty toxbe only-4 or 5,
while a stumbling rant by a naked, blood-smeared vam-
pire in her Godbody of the Demon will set he difficulty
to 8 or 9 (at least!).

The number of successes the player rolls indicates
how well-attended the gathering is. One success means a
few of the lower grade of dignitaries arrive, three successes
makes the gathering an unqualified success, and five or
more brings about a grand féte. The animals so summoned
must be fed'and:entertained properly, though predator
and prey will generally put aside their antagonisms for the
sake of being polite guests. These ambassadors will speak
to the ritualist about local matters that could use the
intervention of a powerful spirit being like the Thrashing
Dragon, and in return, they'll provide what help they can
on matters that might be of interest to the vampire. This
is a reciprocal arrangement — the Thrashing Dragon
should expect to give as well as get.

————

If Xiong Ren appear, they are unlikely to be particu-
larly happy that their job as warden of the local area is
being usurped, and they may have a ‘negative impact on
attendance if they choose to come in their war forms.
However, an adept host who has strong social graces may
well be able to turn the evening into a success neverthe-
less. A host with péor social skills will probably not
survive to see the evening's end.

The Breating Mask (Lever Seven Rite)

Itis the greatest desire of the Thrashing Dragons that
they return to life. By means of this rite, elder Thrashing
Dragons can (to a limited extent) live again. Through
great ritual preparation, the Thrashing Dragon can walk
in sunlight and experience drugs, sex and alcohol as a
normal living human would.

The downsides are the price and the incredibly addic-
tive character of the process. Some of the materials for the
rite can be gathered onlyin the Yang World and the Yomi
Realms, and other components such as rhinoceros horn,
which must be bought from Silk Road merchants, who
carry them from the other side of the world. The cost of
even a few doses is enough to leave the purses of even the
richest mandarins flat. Even those who can afford it soon
cannot because having tasted the breath of life once,
there are few indeed who can say no to a second taste and
a third and so on. Just as among.those who eat the Chi of
the hsien, hundreds of years of enlightenment can come
crashing down in a few short months of addiction.


104

—

The existence of this rite is well known among
Thrashing Dragons, at least in rumor. Those elders who
know it are unwilling to teach it to those not wise
enough to use it as an instruction toward enlightenment
and notasa crutch to avoidit. Indeed, many elders refuse
to use the rite at all and assiduously conceal their
possession of it. The frantic attempts of younger manda-
tins to obtain this rite, ostensibly for the: purposes of
enlightenment, are often painful to behold, and this
single rite has probably caused more woe to the Dharma
than all others combined.

System: Unlike many other rites, this rite can be
performed ona Wan Kuei by another vampire orby a Wan
Kuei on herself. The subject must be permanently Yang-
imbalanced for this rite to work, and the ritualist must
have the'Science and Qccult Knowledges of at least 4
each to perform the complex process of mixing the various
ingredients necessary for the potion. This requires an
Intelligence + Rituals roll (difficulty 8). The ingredients
must be drunk at the next sunrise, and the effects last from
sunrise to sunset.

While the rite is in effect, the vampire is alive again.
She cannot use Disciplines, cannot spend Chi, does not
have a to her innate powers and cannot soak lethal
damage. The P'o still whispers in her ear, and she is still
subject»to shadow soul (although the Hun enjoys a +1
difficulty bonus), but she is immune to fire and wave soul.
For the most part, she is a normal mortal. If killed, she
suffers the Little Death, regardless of the cause. Vampires
who have been exposed to the rite must make a Willpower

roll (difficulty 9) to not attempt toget further access to the
Breathing Mask.

Unujre jn THE Ace oF
Beautjru, Sapness

Cosmology is more than simple theory and philosophy
forthe Hungry Dead; it isa truth they feel everynight on the
deepest level. Among other matters, in the Fourth Age the
stars have aslightly different effect on the Wan'Kuei, the sun
is less deadly to them, andthe Wall between the physical and
the spiritual is weaker.

Across THe Wau

During the Second Age, the August Personage spread
great Celestial Nets between the Middle Kingdom and
the realms of spirit. These nets ordered the universe by
separating Earth from Heaven, the real from the notional
and the living from the dead. These nets restrain most
beings totally and inhibit the crossing of others. At one.
time, the nets were closely patrolled by the Celestial
Army to ensure that only spirits and shen with thé appro-
priate permission crossed the Wall between the worlds.

Bioop & Six

—_————

With the decay of the Heavenly Order and the fall of
the Wan Xian, such'surveillance has become extremely
lax, and enforcement of these laws has largely devolved
onto the inhabitants of each world. Most do not bother
with enforcing Heaven's regulations, while others, like
Yu Huang, enforce their own laws, drawing up treaties
with shen and issuing passports on their own authority.
Even more than in the modern era, the Wan Kuei spend
a great deal of time in the spirit worlds. Many vampires
have business relationships with beings there, while oth-
ers retreat across the Wall with the coming of the sun —
to lurk impotently across the celestial nets rather than
drowse in the mortal world.

Wax Kuei crossing the Wall in the Blood & Silk era
do so in all the normal fashions — through the Chi
Pranas, at dragon nests and by following in the crab's
footsteps with charms enchanted through the ritual Im-
buing the Jade. These function as detailed on pp. 145-147
of Kindred of the East, except thatthe Wall Ratings differ
in the Blood & Silk era, and following in the crab's
footsteps (or "stepping sideways") is easier. The proper
tables for the Blood & Silk era are included below.

Wau Ranges
Grand Dragon Nest
Dragon Nest

Shrine, Mountains, Desert, Deep Forest

negligible (1) *

Uninhabited Area, Graveyard

Countryside

Hamlets and Towns

Cities

Warded Areas

Areas Strongly Warded By Heaven

Wall ratings are usually one lower at night and
on festival days.

* Note that a negligible Wall rating generally
means an automatic success, but the base difficulty
is | in the event that it rises by one or two points for
some reason. The Wall cannot go below 1.

* Areas strongly warded by Heaven include the
vicinity of a saint or prophet, very holy areas, the
has the
he will of

imperial palace when the Son of Heave
Celestial Mandate and other places where
Such ai

the August Personage is made manifest
are often patrolled by soldiers of the Celestial Army.


Cuapren Four: Ways Unoen Heaven
FoLlowjng jn THE Cras's Foorstrrs

The base time required when following in the crab's
footsteps is three minutes (instead of the five needed in
the Fifth Age). Players may roll Perception + Occult
against a difficulty of the local Wall rating to speed their
crossing. The number of successes rolled determines how
fast the characters cross. As in the modern era, the
characters must have jade travel tokens empowered
through the level three rite Imbuing the Jade (see Kin-
dred of the East, p. 128).

Ensnared characters are caught in the Celestial Nets
until someone frees them. These characters are trapped
with one foot in.both worlds, frozen in place and unable
to defend themselves from the perils of either world. Wan
Kuei, Xiong Ren and spirits above Power 25 can free a
trapped being, provided they can be convinced to do so.
Players. must make an Intelligence + Rituals roll (diffi-
culty 9) for their Wan Kuei characters to free a trapped
comrade. Each roll represents 30 minutes of effort, which
cannot be undertaken without special ritual implements
(which most Wan Kuei who walk between the worlds
carry).

Crossing the Wall leaves telltale ripples in the Celes-
tial Nets. Players must make a Dexterity + Stealth roll
witha difficulty equal to the local Wall rating + 2 in order
for their characters to cross without alerting local spirits,
shen*and mortal residents to her presence. The ripples
propagate on both sides of the nets, and a failed Stealth
roll will alert both those on the destination and departure
side of the Wall to the crossing. Each character ina group
crossing must roll in turn, making it hard to cross the nets
in large numbers without alerting those nearby.

"Unable tocross here forrest ofdayfnight.

ae

Navigating in the spirit realms is difficult and often
dangerous. The Yang Realm operates as much by symbol
and intention as reality, and the Yellow Springs area
tenuous realm of memory underlain by agreatsilentocean
and a protean maze of black stone that borders on the
Yomi Realms. Players may attempt to have their charac-
ters navigate in these realms by making Intelligence +
Virtue rolls. Yin is used in the Yellow Springs, Yang in the
Yang Realms, P'o in Yomi Wan and Hun is used if the
vampires somehow find themselves in the forecourt of the

oo _
August Personage's palace (generally a most inauspicious
occurrence for those\who have not yet entered dah).

This is an extended roll, with a difficulty set by how
hazardous the area is, and the number of successes re-
quired set by how difficult the objective is to find. Well-
marked or well-known' areas may take only five or 10,
successes, while difficult or hidden areas may take 50, 75
or even 100 successes! Note that the difficulty of the roll
is set by the hazards of the area through which the vampire
currently travels, not the area where he started: Just
because you start your journey ina the midst of a battalion
of the Immortal Guard of the Emperor of the Yellow
Springs does not mean your descent into the land of lost
souls will be simple.

FEEDjNG

Wan Kuei find feeding during the Fourth Age to be
considerably easier than in the modern era. Vampires can
feed on breath beginning at Dharma 4 and can feed
osmotically at Dharma 5. Vampires revert to the modern.
feeding rules when they begin using the modern Dharma
chart, meaning that few vampires lose a feeding method
they already possessed (see guidelines below). What is a
major change is that osmotic feeding changes drastically
between the 1200s and the 1600s, changing from some-
thing near to breathing to something much more similar
to bleeding the Tapestry itself.

Osmosis in the Fourth Age functions as described
below. Other forms of feeding use the systems on pp. 137-
138 of Kindred of the East, although breath-draining is

available to more vampires.

Osmosis

Osmosis is the process of absorbing energy from the
environment around oneself, similar to the way' living
creatures function but without giving back to the envi-
ronment in the natural cycle of respiration. Elder Wan
Kuei perform this artificial breathing to a limited degree.
Most vampires who can use osmosis favor existing in this
mode, because' they feel it spreads the burden of their
existence most evenly across Creation. The worsening of
the damage caused by osmosis leads to the image of this
feeding form becoming considerably tarnished. Suspi-
cions grow that overuse of this ability is one of the reasons
that it begins to damage the Tapestry more and more and
that it may speed the turning of the Ages.

Wan Kuei also begin using the modern version of
osmosis when they begin using the modern Dharma chart,
meaning that over several centuries most elders suddenly
become unable to depend on their most reliable feeding
mechanism. This is a major blow to.the courts, and
mandarins losing their ability to draw a limited sort of,
breath shatters the hopes of those vampires who continue
to believe the Age has not yet turned.

System: The vampire makes a Yin or Yang roll,

» depending on which type of Chi she wishes to harvest.

106

The difficulty of this roll is 4 if it is made at a dragon nest,
6.if made in an appropriate place (for example, a bustling
marketplace for Yang or a remote cemetery for-Yin), 8 if
made in an area not aligned toa Chi type and 10 if made
in'an area' aligned with the opposite sort of Chi. Each
success allows the vampire to absorb one point of Chi
from their environment. This can be done no more than
once per day ina given area.

The vampire may, ifshe wishes, loose her P'o to tear the
necessary Chi from the Tapestry, but this has a terrible
effect on the local feng shui. The vampire can absorb as
much Chi as she wishes, but the Chi becomes defiled in a
radius of one yard per point of Chi that she absorbs — a
most inauspicious event. If the radius of corruption touches
adragon.nest, the corruption will spread no further, but the
dragon nest will permanently wither by one level per 10
points of Chi that are drawn from it. This not only damages
the dragon nest but also causes disturbances along local
dragon tracks and at connected nests, as well as encourag-
ing Heaven to thicken the Celestial Nets in the area to
protect the spirit world from damage. Such egregious acts
brought about the fall of the Wan Xian, and they can still
engender retribution from Heaven, to say nothing of other
shen whose holdings were forever diminished by the vam~
pires' impudence.

Sour Fiayjng

There are attacks that (in'terms of game mechanics)
burn away the target's Willpower, a process called soul
flaying. The most common of theséare Yin flame weapons
created with Fire in the Hand (Godbody of Fire ¢*) and
the Thousand Hell Stare (Obligation #¢¢¢). When
subjected to a soul flaying attack, the target soaks with his
Hun (Cainites and mortals use Self-Gontrol or Instinct).
Each unsoaked level of damage subtracts one of the
target's temporary Willpower points and also lowéts the
target's permanent Willpower by a similar amount for the
purposes of Willpower tests and psychic, resistance until
the temporary Willpower that has been flayed away is
regained normally.

After the target's last point of temporary Willpower is
burnt away, additional levels of soul flaying damageyeach
cause one temporary derangementanda levelofuftsoakable
aggravated damage. Cainites who lose their last-point of
Willpower almost invariably enter Rétschreck (difficulty
10). If at any time a Wan' Kuei loses their last point of
Willpower to such an attack, he must make a shadow soul
roll, with the Hun roll made at difficulty 8. Failure in this
roll means that the vampire has entered anextreme form of
shadow soul similar to the chih-mei state. He behaves in an
animalistic fashion, and all memories Of this period are
generally lost, though they can be retrieved throughtthe use
of the Dragon Tear and other similar powers.

These attacks lose their potency with the tightening
of the Celestial Nets in the Fifth Age. The modern rules
for such attacks come into play in the early tomid-1700s,

Bioop & Six

depending on location. Modern rules appear on p. 119 of
Kindred of the East.

SunyouT

Wan Kuei in the Fourth Age have a considerably
easier time withstanding the curse of the Excellent Ar-
cher. Permanently Yin-imbalanced vampires may with-
stand the sun for (Stamina - 5) minutes per day and can
spend a point of Yang Chi to give themselves an addi-
tional minute's tolerance. Balanced vampires may spend
as longas (Yang x 5) minutes in sunlight per day and may
spend a point of Yang Chi to buy five minutes of addi-
tional tolerance. Finally, Permanently Yang-imbalanced
vampires may spend (Stamina x 15 minutes) in sunlight
per day and may spend a point of Yang Chi to give
themselves an) additional 15 minutes of tolerance —
allowing some particularly hardy mandarins with mastery
of Stamina-increasing Godbody Disciplines to spend al-
most the entire day awake and exposed to sunlight.

Wan Kuei begin using the modern sunlight rules
when they become subject to the modern-era Dharma
chart (see below). Modern rules for sunlight appear on p.
151 of Kindred of the East.

Virtues anp Sour States

The internal balance between the Hun and P'o and
between Yin and Yang within each of the Ten Thousand
Demons is as precarious ifthe Fourth Age as in the Fifth.
The rules forandeffects of the various Virtues, soul states
and imbalances are generally the same in Blood & Silk as
they are in Kindred of the East. For complete rules see
pages 88-91, 139-140. and 149-151 of that book; the
televant mechanics andeffects are alsosummarized in the
table on pages 108-110.

The Hun is somewhat strongerinthe Ageof Beautiful
Sadness than it will be in the Age of Sorrow, however.
This manifests itself not only in the Character creation
process (see p. 68) but also in the Hun's influence over the
P'o during shadow soul. When the P'o takes control of the
Wan:Kuei, the Hun may remain-conscious and exert a
tempering influence. After the P'o wins a shadow soul
test, the player rolls Hun against a difficulty of 7 (as
opposéd to9 inthe Fifth Age) to keep the Hun conscious.

If the Hun is conscious, the player may spend a
point of temporary Willpower to deter the P'o froma
course of action. In general, one point is sufficient to
keep the P'o from acting out a particular urge for a few
minutes (as opposed toa single turn in the Fifth Age).
However, ifthe P'ois very intent on its goal or has been
thwarted.a great,deal-recently, the Hun may need to
spend additional Willpower (possibly as often as once
a turn) to restrain the animal soul from immoderate
behavior. Note.that this Willpower expenditure pre-
vents a particular action not poor behavior in general.
Willpower spent to prevent the P'o from seducing an
innocent will not prevent it from drinking excessive


Cuaprer Four: Ways Unper Heaven

quantities oralcohol or lashing out at those who annoy
it. Players who attempt to completely yoke their P'o
while in shadow soul are usually going to tun out of
Willpower long before the episode concludes.

Tue Dawnjng Ace or Sorrow

On the scale of the millennia, Blood & Silk takes
place during the last breath of the Fourth Age. In a mere
few centuries, the Great Wheel turns again and the Age
of Sorrow begins. Such a universal transformation doesn't
oceur overnight or equally in all places, however. Differ-
ent aspects, places and people feel the shift in different
ways and at different times.

For the Wan Kuei, the most important changes are
internal: Their internal alchemical balance changes, their
connection to the Tapestry shifts, and their Demon
becomes stronger. In game terms, the Fourth Age's sun-
light rules, Virtue uses, variant Disciplines and Dharma
chart all give way to the harsher versions outlined in
Kindred of the East. Just when this internal debasement
occurs depends on the circumstances of the individual
Wan Kuei.

The most important variable is enlightenment. At
first, only disciples become debased, but eventually jina
and even mandarins find that their stages of enlighten-
ment are not quite the same as those experienced by the
vampires who walked the Road Back before them. Use
the chart below to determine when the shift occurs —
vampires ate affected when they increase in Dhafma,
with the lowest levels debasing themselves first. Once
they change, they must use the modern Dharma chart
and the modern rules for sunlight, soul flaying, the Soul
Virtues and feeding. Once the change occurs, there isno
going back.

Note that the speed and dates of the change vary
from area to'area, with some vampires hit early, while in
other places, disciples are as they were in the Fourth Age
up until the 17th century. For centuries, there is uncer-
tainty if the effects might be caused by improper teach-
ing or unrighteous behavior, rather than by a change in
the natural order. Storytellers should feel free to alter
the dates to reflect special circumstances in their
chronicle.

The change to the Fifth Age also affects more univer-
sal matters, most prominently the Wall between worlds.
Just when the modern Wall ratings and rules for spirit
travel (see Kindred of the East, pp. 145-147) come into
play isup to the Storyteller, but it should roughly coincide
with when an area's vampires become debased. The Wall
around areas of corruption and chaos tends to thicken
more quickly than in serene and untouched places.

eA | a MORN

107

CHance To THE Firth Ace

Date (CE) Affected Vampires ‘
1250-1349 advancing to Dharma 1-3

1350 -1449 advancing to Dharma 1-4
1450-1549 advancing to Dharma 1-5
1550-1599 advancing to Dharma 1-6
1600-1650 advancing to Dharma 1-7

after 1650 advancing to Dharma 1-8

Fourtu Ace Systems

This section details systems for resolving various
situations that may typically arise in a Blood & Silk
game. Obviously, this list is not exhaustive roleplaying
games embody unlimited potential almost by definition.
Neither does this list attempt to cover generic situations
such as following someone or traditional combat —
Vampire: The Masquerade and other core World of
Darkness rulebooks cover those systems in ample detail.

Instead, this chapter is explicitly designed to serve as
asetting guide of sorts for Storytellers and players alike
ahandbook to the sorts of situations thatare likely to arise
in the course of the average story. The world of the Fourth
Age is radically different from our own. The panoramic
scope and alien character of the era can combine to make
it very difficult for Storytellers and players to know
exactly what it is they're supposed to do. This chapter
helps answer those sorts of questions as well as functioning
as a mechanical reference — feel free to read over it and
use it as an idea source, as well as for something to
frantically flip through at game time. Storytellers should
also refer to the "Classic Bits And Skills" boxed text on/p.
59 of Kindred of the East.

\


~ roll Hun (difficulty equal to P¥)t6 maintain control;
» failure means P'o is dominant while Arts are used.
~ © Empathy Cap: Empathy racing ea cannot be ere
‘than Hun rating. e 7
* Shadow Soul: Roll Hun to st shadow soul
° Sharpened Senses: Roll Hun (difficulty 6) to
sharpen serises for a scene. The Storyteller may reduce
erception difficulties (-2) and grant limited danger sense
ler tolls Hun, difficulty 6-10) ..
irit Speech: Roll Hun (difficulty equal to the
Wall) to speak to spirits the vampire can detect.
© Superintendence of the P'o: When entering shadow
soul sollHun (difficulty 7) to keep the Hun conscious.
With a cofiscious P'o, spend one poirit of Willpower to
stop the P'o from pursuing one course of action.

‘Errecrs oF jrmatancs

lance occurs if the Hun rating is three or more
ints higher than the P'o rating.
"© Limited Willpower! You cannot Spend Willpower
"for automatic successes.

Rage: Roll P'o (difficulty of Hun +3) to

ly enter fire soul for a scene,
Demon Arts Cap: No Deition Art may be higher
an the vampire's P'o.

Demon Chi (evoking): Roll Po (difficulty Hun
+3) to be able to use Demon Chi for a scene. Four
y successes causes fire soul, in addition: to accessing
£2' Demori Chi... i

POWE « Denon? Chi (regaining): Roll P'o upon waking
(difficulty 6) and regain one point per success; regain
Demon Chi instead of Yin or Yang Chilwhen feeding at
a defiled site.

© Demon Chi (spending): Spend up to Stamina
©) tating in Demon Chi per turn, for the following effects:
‘ Extra Actions: Gain one extra physical action

_) next turn for each point spent.
~ Extra Damage: ‘Causeoné extra automatic level
of damage in close combat for each point spent.

Bioop & Six

Extra Strength: Gain one extra success on a feat
OF Strength for each point spent. *
Fangs: Spend one point for fangs (Strength +1
aggravated damage) or two fora maw (Strength
+2 aggravated damage).
bd Boots: Resistance: Roll P'o (difficulty 9) to resist
orb | powers (one attempt per power).
seis be oul States: Roll P'o to force fire,shadow or |
wave sou!

Imbalance occurs if P'o rating is three or more points
higher than the Hun rating.

© Raging P'o: The P'o makes a shadow soul attempt
every night, at a.time of its choosing.

¥jn

Uses
¢ Black Cycle: Spend one Yin Chi upon waking to
animate the body for 10 nights. The vampire appears
corpse- like. and suffers‘a +1 social difficulty penalty
with mortals.
¢ Fire Soul: Roll Yin to resist fire soul.*
* Ghostsight: Spend one point of Yin Chi to attune
the vampire fora scene. This enables the following effects:
Atemi Strike: Roll Yin + Medicine/Crafts
(difficulty 8) afterthree turns of concentration to |
detect vulnerable points; each success provides
an @xtta level of damage on the next physical
attack. @ Medicine to find living beings'
-Walnerabilities and Crafts to discover inanimate
objects' weak points.
Flaw Sense: Roll' Perception + Medicine/Crafts
(difficulty 4 to 8) after three turns of
cor tion to detect disease or structural flaws.
Ue Meticine totdetect disease and Crafts for
structural flaws.
Yin Sight: Roll Perception Occult (difficulty of
the Wall+2) after three turns ofconcentration to
Se@-creatures from the Yin World.

Errects of Temporary jMBALANCE

Temporary Yin imbalance occurs when the vampire stores
more Yin Chi than her Yin Virtue orhasno Yang Chi left.

# Volatility: Upon fumbling a roll with an associated
Chi expenditure, each'extra point of Chi (over the domi-
nant Virtue) of either type burns or corrodes, causing a level
of aggravs ma see Soak. with Stamina difficulty 8),

‘or a

and check f ive soul.


Chapter Four: Ways Unper Heaven

e occurs when the rating of
-the'Yin Virtue is three 61 pains higher then the

Yang Virtue.

z * Corpse-Self: The body ogc: very corpse-like:
Wound penalties are halved (round down), and the «

a

ire may soak fire dam: ina.
*~ * Decomposition: Damage from sunlight or botching
~ any Chi roll drops Appearance by one.
¢ Derangement: The Wan Kueid
ment, which may not be overcome.

elops a derange-
il.the balance is

corrected. Common Yin derangements include depres- >'

7 sion, intellectualization and obeesstonaea and the
"dead. Se

~ © Hungry Black Cycle: The \ vampire must always ‘

t must spend one point a night, instead of
The vampire also craves dead flesh and

aspect to Yin
every 10 nigh
; cold blood.

ae Lethargic Hun: All Hun difficulles rise by 1.

Note also that all Yin-balanced vampires (Yin Vir-e
| tue two or more greater than Yang Mee can be staked

. Healing Potion: A Yang-rich mixture of the
e's blood can heal othéts — one non-aggravated
health level per point of Yang hi spent preparing
the potion.
© Lifesight: Spend one point' of Yang Chi to
attune the vampire for one age This allows the
lowing effects: ©
-Emotion Perception: ‘Roll Perception +
oa Empathy (difficulty 9)_to_ detect the general
~ emotional state of anot! lote that use of this
ability on othershen is considered a aserious breach
of etiquette.)
Emotion Tracking: Roll Perception + Yang
(difficulty'9) to home in on a-speeific emotion.
"(range of 20 feet x Perception),
Yang Sight: Roll Perception + Occult (difficulty
of the Wall +2) afterthree turns eieoncgaranod
to detect Yang spirits.
© Scarlet Cycle: Spend one point Ee Chi upon
waking to animate for one night; the vampire appears
itehuman and suffers no special social penalties.
© Wave Soul: Roll Yang to resist wave'soul.

109

Errects or Temporary jepaLance

Temporary Yang imbalance occurs when the yvam-
pire stores more Yang Chi than her Yang Virtue or has
no Yin Chi left.

E * Volatility: Upon fumbling a roll withan associated
fehditure, each extra point of Chi (over the
ant Virtue) of either type burns or corrodes, causing
a level/ofaggravated damage. Soak with Stamina (diffi-
culty 8), and check for wave soul.

PERMANENT fHBALANCE
"Yang imbalance occurs when the Yang

Virtue rating is three or more points higher than the Yin
Virtue rating.

¢ Archer's Blessing: The vampire can resist direct
sunlight for Stamina x15 minutes. Indirect sunlight may
be withstood for up to three hours.

¢ Breeding: The vampire can impregnate another (or
become pregnant) with a dhampyr.

© Burning Yang: The vampire suffers one extra die of
sdamage from fire.

* © Derangement: The Wan Kuei gains a ‘derange-
ment, which cannot be overcome until the balance is
corrected. Common Yang derangements include berserk,
gluttony and multiple personalities.

a. Hungry Scarlet Cycle: The vampire must aspect
with Yang Chi but appears very human — breathing,
warm t6 the touch, etc. She becomes ravenous at five or
less Chi and uncontrollable at two or less Chi.

 LustfulP'o: The P'oneeds one less success to cause
fire soul, and it may be triggered by sex or food.

* Plague Ground: Every month, roll Stamina to
avoid becoming the carrier of a communicable mortal
disease. Difficulty depends on circumstance.

Note also that all Yang-balanced vampires (Yang
Virtue tWo or more greater than Yin Virtue) can be staked
by metal.

Sour States
Fire Sour'

Fire soul is a berserk rage in which the vampire
lashes outat whatever angers him, feeds on whoever he
wishes, ignerés wound penalties and is resistant to men-
tal control (#2 difficulty to impose coritrol, -2 difficulty
to resist ¢ontrol). 4

System: An extended resisted roll (up to five rolls)
between. P'o (difficulty 6) and Yin (difficulty 6)if the P'o
can accumulate two successes, the vampire enters fire soul
for the scene.


ati ‘ion; haces ai: or fewer Chi):
e <treme passion; a threat to a wu-
food and sex (when pe!

n¢ Black Wind Disci-

ve Soul is an CS fear tha causes the

mpire to run from the source of his pain or shame,

ing all a and all wound penalties and
resisting mental control as in fire soul.

hae eae An) extended resisted roll (up to five

between P'o (d ifficulty 6) and Yang (difficulty

the P'o can accumulate two successes, the
vampire enters wave soul for the scene. &

trol by the Po. Te s
/ fe and the Hun
with little impact on theresulting

homba two successes, the
pire eirers shadow soul for the scene. i
* Shadow Soul Triggers: Violating one's Dharma;
"compromising one 's personal hor

wer roll; emerging from fire
ecg cra; the conditi
7 lature; a P'o imbalance (one r6 oy
Notes: When invoking a
simple Hun roll (difficulty equal to P'o)

means the vampire enters shadow at fit the

scéne. When entering shadow soul, roll Han (dif
ficulty 7) to ay" the Hun consoious; you may the
pe Wil ‘0 curb tl

ly counts

2

ently |

Bioop & Sir

—— mmm ©) SEER =

Mortar Arrajrs

Though the Wan Kuei are dead, that doesn't mean
they no longer associate themselves with the mortal
world. Many Vampires meddle in the affairs of the living,
particularly the lives of their families. Others may mas-
querade as humans over the long or short term for any
number of reasons. In such. situations, the following
systems will be quite useful. Note also that many of these
systems can be used among the courts and corpse families
of the Wan Kuei.

Players and Storytellers shouldn't feel that they
have to use these mechanics and‘die rolls rather than
roleplaying. Instead, use them as guideposts to what life
is like and to quickly determine the outcome of events
that are peripheral to the story. Similarly, they make
nice backups for when a player is haying an off night or
the reverse: determining ifa character with weak social
skills whose player is a really good talker can actually
carry off a social situation.

Fanjiy Marrers

¢ Arranging a Marriage [variable]: Good marriages
are critical. Marrying well grows strong,' respectable
families with powerful political connections and plenty
of money. Arranging. a marriage is too complicated a
matter to leave to a single roll, however. Storytellers
should make sure to involve!as much roleplaying as
possible in the process. Marriages are crucial events for
families and often the subject of great hopes, high
emotions and extensive negotiations. In-some cases,
families.even kidnap and féte good prospects in an
attempt to impress them!

Normally, a matchmaker arranges marriages so that
rebuffed offers do not cause a loss of face, but families
often monitor thé process closely, and it is entirely
possible that a character might herself be a matchmaker.
Intelligence + Politics or Finance rolls should be used to
find a prospective match of good'political and financial
worth for the client. Perception + Empathy should be
usedito judge if the prospective couple's temperaments
match — while marriage is not strictly a matter of love,
it's a poor matchmaker who marries a couple sure to
clash like fire-and water. One success on these rolls
indicates an acceptable match, three successes indicates
agood match, and five is an excellent match, benefiting
both parties. Matchmakers who make such a match can
expect the families to speak well of them, which is sure
to attract business.

Anastrologer, medium or other fortuneteller must
also weigh in onthe viability of a marriage. The
difficulty of the Intelligence + Portents roll to deter-
mine if amarriage is suitable is only 5 unless one of the
potential couple has a very complex horoscope (as is
the case when one of them is a dhampyr) — these sorts
of readings are'the bread and butter of fortunetellers.

eee


Charisma, Manipulation or Intelligence + Subter-
fuge rolls should be used if the match's worth is to, be
misportrayed, with a difficulty set by how hard it is to
conceal the bride or groom's negative qualities. Match-
makers' players use Perception + Subterfuge to detect
these misportrayals, rolling at difficulty 6. Rolling at
least one success allows the matchmaker to detect that
something is amiss. If the matchmaker rolls more suc-
cesses than the person misportraying the match, she
exposes the fraud. Having such»a deceit exposed in-
volves a great loss of face for those perpetrating it and
severely damages the man or woman's (probably already
doubtful) chances for a good marriage:

© Judging Your Child's Aptitude [Perception +
Empathy]: Children represent a major investment. A
parent who wishes to keep his family healthy in the
next generation and thus ensure his posterity must be
able to distinguish able offspring from those who are
unlikely tosucceed. In a successful family, those with
¢ great potential are given the extensive schooling in the
_ classics necessary to.pass the civil-service tests and
become officials. Those with less potential are taken
into the family business or trade. Those who have no
potential are sent off to be soldiers or officers or (if the
family can afford it) kept on an allowance. Poor fami-
lies have far fewer options and can do little but bemoan

their misfortune when Heaven punishes them for some

"miisdeed by saddling them with idiot offspring.

The parent's player must make a Perception + Em-
pathy roll, difficulty 9, to judge the worth of the child
accurately. This roll is generally made when the child
begins to mature, between 13 and 15 for boys, a little
earlier for girls. One success allows the parent'to get a
general idea of the child's aptitude. Three successes
allows her to sense the child's strengths and weaknesses
and hopefully protect him from temptations that might
tuin his development. Five successes allows the parent
to get a real feel for what the child is like, allowing her
~ toknow just what attention togive him tolead the youth
to excel.

© Extramarital Affairs [variable]: Extramarital af-
fairs by both men and women aré.common, even to the
point of social acceptability. However, they are only
acceptable so longasall of the parties involved maintain
discretion. To convince'a suspicious interlocutor that
there isn't anything going on, the player rolls Manipula-
tion + Subterfuge, with a difficulty set by the amount of
suspicion the examiner harbors. Finding a split-second
hiding place.or, otherwise making-things seem proper
"when caught unexpectedly at an inopportune moment is
a Wits + Subterfuge roll with a difficulty set by how
awkward the situation is and how long the embarrassed
couple hasto set things right. It is a Charisma + Eti-
- quette roll to carry an affair off in a style that doesn't
~ seem cheap or ungentlemanly, with a difficulty set by the
circumstances of the relationship and the strength of the
wronged partner's reputation.

mW

© Staying the Favored Concubine [Charisma +
Empathy or Manipulation + Subterfuge}:Concubinage
is an unfortunate tradition in the Middle Kingdom,
whereby poor families with attractive daughters sell them
to rich men as combination domestics and pleasure dolls.
For some very few women, this is a ticket to luxury. They
are pampered, and their children are treated as well as or
eyen better than if they were the man's own legitimate
offspring. For the rest, it is a dreary combination of
household labor and sex slavery.

As one can imagine, the competition to become a
rich man's favored concubine is often quite fierce. Con-
cubines' players roll either Charisma + Empathy (diffi-
culty equal to the target's Willpower) or Manipulation +
Subterfuge (difficulty equal to the target's Intelligence +
3) each month, keeping track of total successes accumu-
lated over the last three months.

The concubine with the most successes is the favorite
of any given month, Those concubines with Appearances
of less than 4 must subtract the amount their Appearance
is below 4 from the number of successes rolled. Tactics
such as arranging for a competing concubine's disfigure-
ment or tragic demise from poisoning,are favorites not
only among concubines competing for favor but among
wives trying to protect their and their children's status.
Like the marriage system, there is a lot of roleplaying to be
done that can influence the» outcome:"This system
shouldn't be relied. upon: entirely unless everyone in-
volved is a Storyteller character or lots of downtime is
being played out quickly.

© Family Disputes [variable]: Almost anything can
triggera rift within a family —any real or perceived slight
can ignite a longstanding dispute over the disposition of
inheritance, control of a business or parental respect and
attention. The result can be anything from months or
years of hard feelings to bloodshed in the streets, if the
families are powerful enough.

Attempting to resolve a dispute involves bringing
everyone inyolved to the table , a Charisma + Empathy
or Leadership roll, with the difficulty set by the severity
of the dispute and the pigheadedness of the principal
perpetrators. Finding an equitable solution requires an
Intelligence + Politics roll, anda Manipulation orCha-
risma'+ Politics roll is generally necessary to convince
the feuding parties to actually set aside their difference
and honor the accord. The number of successes on this
last roll determines the degree of actual reconciliation
that takes place. One success patches matters until the
next excuse. Three successes buries the matter, at least
for a few years. Five or more successes brings about a
genuine and heartfelt reconciliation, complete with
hugs, tears and mutual pleas for forgiveness on the part
of the principals.

Exacerbating a feud is much easier than patching it
up. A successful Perception + Politics roll points out the
ideal way to increase the discord, and a Manipulation +


Subterfuge'rollis all that's necessary to pour poi-
son in the appropriate ears» Three or more suc"
Cesses actually ingratiates the person provoking
the feud with those he is manipulating. A few
Intelligence +. Subterfuge rolls to fabricate the
proper évidence and Dexterity + Stealth rolls to
plant it will also work, without leaving open the
unpleasant possibility that both sides will begin
talking and realize someone has been playing
them for fools.

¢ Gaining Permission [Manipulation + Empa-
thy]: Chinese culture places great emphasis on filial
piety. Parental permission is needed for marriage,
business undertakings and even long trips, in some
cases. Gaining such permission can be exceedingly
difficult ifthe parent is unwilling. While parental
will can be flouted, such disrespect is certain to cut
the errant child off from his family and his inherit-
ance—a near-certain bar from respectable activity.
Such rogues only have livesas merchants, prostitutes
or brigands to look forward to.

Wheedling for permission to do something
one's parents do not approve of isa Manipulation
+ Empathy roll, witha difficulty set by the degree
to which the family finds objectionable the ac-
tion for which the character wishes permission.
Permission to take a long trip might be difficulty
4, while marrying an actress or running off to
become a soldier are almost certainly difficulty 9.
Attempting to line up family members to lobby
in support is a Charisma + Politics roll, with a
difficulty again equal to'the stupidity of the
action. Each success lowers the difficulty of the
Manipulation + Empathy roll. The player may
make one roll per month and must gain more
successes than the family head's permanent Will>
power without failing. A botch means the char-
acter has pushed his luck too far, and is out of
favor for many years to come, or even disowned!

Charaéters with strong personalities may lobby
family elders directly in an attempt to aid someone
in her attempt to gain permission for some under-
taking. Such characters may make a direct Ma-
nipulation + Empathy roll against a:difficulty
equal to the paterfamilias' Willpower, with suc-
cesses adding directly to the total of the character
applying for permission.

Came Ann ApwjnjsTRaTION

¢ Passing the Examinations [Intelligence +
Academics]: The civil-service examinations are
critical to the culture of the Middle Kingdom.
This merit-based system, in theory, allows anyoné
to rise into an important government post. While
this theoretical impartiality is often compromised
by nepotism, it stilliallows the diligent student'a
chance-for advancement.


Gurren Four: Wars Unpen Heaven

Testing is divided into roughly three rounds. There are
the prefectural tests, the regional tests and the imperial
tests, which are administered by the Son of Heaven him
self. Each one is more difficultthan the last, and all test the
scholar on his knowledge of classical writings. To succeed
at the prefectural tests, the hopeful student's player must
roll Intelligence + Academics (difficulty 6) and gain two or
more successes. The subsequent regional examinations are
difficulty 8, and the imperial tests are difficulty 9. Those
who score well on the imperial tests are far more likely to
gain promotion to important posts than those who score
the minimum number of successes on the prefectural tests.

© Doing Guanxi [Charisma + Etiquette]:In this
case, guanxi is not used in the sense of the magical
obligations felt by those Wan Kuei who are members of a
corpse family, but in the sense of the complex matrix of
gift-giving, bribes and favors that motivates society in the
Middle Kingdom. In order to get, it is necessary to give.
While this often amounts toybribery, it is not exactly the
same as in the West because this sort of remuneration is
just part of the way things are done.

The Storyteller should assign anything that requires
government permission (which is almost everything) a
Resources cost. Characters with Resources higher than
the cost of the favor can afford it without disturbing their
finances. Those with Resources equal to the cost of the
favor will decrease their Resources by one in the course of
obtaining the favor. Those with Resources below the cost
of the favorsimply cannot afford all the appropriate gifts,
bribes and banquets toarrange it. They musteither rely on
a patron toarrange the matter or attempt to secure the
money in some other fashion —a usurious loan, criminal
activity and so forth.

When a'character is doing guanxi, the player should
roll Charisma + Etiquette (difficulty 6). Three or more
successes reduce the Resources cost for the favor by one.
Five or more successes reduce it by two. Failure means the
fayordoes not happen, but the charactercan attempt again
ata later date or with anotherofficial. A botch causes grave
offense to the official.

¢ Bribery and Corruption [Manipulation +
Streetwise]: Obviously, there are times when the regular
run of guanxt isn't enough. Guanxi is how one gets officials
to actually do their jobs or to make special exceptions for
legitimate or most legitimate causes. To actually get an
official to break the law in a real and serious way — to award
acontract preferentially, turn a blind eye to illegal activity
oreven to provide intelligence about military activities to
local brigands— is a much more difficult proposition.

Finding and placing:a bribe requires a Manipula-
tion + Streetwise roll, with' a‘difficulty between the
official's Willpower and his Willpower + 3, depending
on how badly. the law is being broken. Someone who
will accept a bribe to let a junk full of trade goods come
ashore at night may still have a strong sense of probity
when it comes to letting a few hundred cutthroats slip
the noose. Obviously, the character needs the Re-

sources to place the bribe. Note that, in many cases,
whether the officiakaccepts the bribe or not, he will
still cake the money.

© Criminal Investigation [variable]: While there
are "police" in China, they are mostly thugs who appre-
hend people and make'a living shaking down peasants
for "customary fees.""It is up to judges to do their own
investigation into matters brought before them. Some
judges are corrupt and concerned only with who can pay
the biggest bribe when finding right and wrong. Others
are heroic crusaders for justice, protecting the innocent
and rooting out wrongdoing and corruption.

Performing criminal investigations is a complex task.
Intelligence + Investigation is used to root out witnesses.
Getting witnesses to open up is Charisma + Empathy or
Manipulation + Subterfuge (if one must resort to tricking
witnesses). The gathering of physical evidence is Percep-
tion + Investigation. Analyzing evidence is Intelligence +
Investigation. Heroic judges must often walk among the
poor and the petty criminals to uncover teal corruption,
and Charisma or Intelligence + Streetwise rolls are often
useful to find out the details of a crime that only the
underworld could know.

Many judges, particularly those of the heroic sort, are
acquainted with both the local Shih demon hunters as
well as local shen who are concerned with meting out
justice among the Night People. Note that this doesn't
mean a judge has detailed knowledge of whois who, who
does what and who knows which Disciplines. He just
knows that if terrible supernatural crimes begin to occur,
certain beings(human or otherwise) will try to do some-
thing about it.

* Escaping Conscription [Manipulation + Perfor-
mance/Streetwise]: Those of low standing are often
conscripted, either into the army or as laborers invcivil
enginéering projects with enough fatalities that they
might be mistaken for military.campaigns. Escaping
conscription is easy for the hunchbacked or lame but
more difficult for the healthy. Players whose characters
wish to escape via aruse of ill health or femininity must
make a Manipulation + Performance roll. Those whose
characters simply' wish to bribe the officials in charge
must make a Manipulation + Streetwise roll, provided
the characters have the money. The officials on the spot
are cheap and easy-to bribe, but they're sure to come back
later. Moré permanent ¢xemption=from conscription
can be obtained via a Resources 3 guanxi roll.

© Managing a Household or Business [variable]:
Managing business affairs is critical to success as a mer-
chant, and managing a large household is just as critical
for success as a gentleman's wife. Haggling occurs) via
opposed Manipulation + Finance rolls, with the winner
receiving a discount proportionate to' the number of
successes she achieves. One successes is 10 percent or so,
three successes gets the merchant's minimum asking

\ price, and five successes allows the buyer to talk the

merchant into accepting a loss.

Actually ‘managing a business or a household from
week to week is an Intelligence + Finance roll}-with a
difficuley set bythe amount of money coming: in to the
household and the local economic conditions. Bringing
in quality partners.or hiring good help is‘ Perception +
Empathy roll; with a difficulty set by the quality of help
available. One success is adequate help, three is good, five
brings in exceptional talent that is an assetto the business
or household. Once partners have been retained or help
hired, an eye needs to be kept on them to' keep them
honest. Auditing the books is a Perception + Investiga-
tion roll, and investigating misdoings among business or
household employees is Charisma + Leadership.

Monstrous Activites

The Wan Kuei may moye in mortal circles at times,
but.they have their own concerns to deal with. This
section provides mechanics and insight into many situa-
tions thatare unique tothe Hungry Dead. As above, these
systems are intended as an aid to the Storyteller, not a
substitute for roleplaying.

Nigumy Marters

* Passing as a Mortal [Charisma/Intelligence"™+
Performance]: To pass oneself off as a mortalin the short
term isa Charisma + Performance roll: It is automatic for
Yang-imbalanced vampires, difficulty 4 for Yang-aspected
vampires; difficulty 6 for Yin-aspected yampires, diffi-
culty 8 for permanently Yin-imbalanced Wan Kuei and
difficulty 10 for any vampire who has lost points of
Appearance to damage from sunlight or botched Chi rolls
while Yin-imbalaneed. If, and only if, someone is actively
trying to prove the vampire's undead status, thedeception
is opposed by the investigator's Perception + Alertness
(difficulty 6). Ifthe investigator scoresmore successes, he
becomes aware of the vampire's unliving status.

Passing as a mortal over the long term requires an
Intelligence + Performance roll, witha difficulty set by

the degree of eccentricity the vampire €xhibits,,One |

Successimeans the neighbors aren't immediately calling
for the witch-hunters, three successes means they think

something is strange but don't know quite what, and five"
ing q LLY

or more successes allows you to-be-a sterling member of
the community, suffering from a terrible illness.

¢ Politely Meeting with Shen*[variable]: The shen
communicate regularly overdisputes between the groups.

Mostly, these are peacenegotiations triggered by conflicts"

between the various races, but there are algo a variety of
"mutual understandings" and similarly flimsy alliances.
Wan Kuei may find themselves in such a delegation. It is
also possible to end up accidentally walking into the
middle of a Xiong Ren war party 6r a hsien-controlled
dragon nest. Being able)to choke out some tapid:and
sincere apologies and beat a hasty retreat can be the
difference between a close call,and the Final Death.
There is a moderately well-defined codé.of manners
between' the,shen, including not brandishing weapons

Broop & Sux

openly and showing polite deference to potentially offen-
sive\ behavior. Behaving properly in a negotiation is
Charisma * Etiquette (difficulty 7). Explaining one's way
out ofa difficult situation is Wits + Etiquette (difficulty
8). Planning a Social*event involving different kinds of
shen is Intelligence + Etiquette (difficulty 6 + the number
of different kinds of shen invited).

* Finding Shelter While Traveling [Intelligence +
Survival]: The Wan Kuei travel a great deal, far more than
the Cainites of the West. Obviously, if the vampire possesses
amoderate command of the Godbody of Earth, there's little
trouble traveling, assuming that she's willing to spend the
Chi to sink into the soil every day. Those not'so fortunate
must make an Intelligence + Survival roll each day, with a
difficulty equal to the amount of cover available in the place
through which they are traveling. Citiés, ravine-covered
mountains and bamboo forests'are difficulty 4 to 6, while
rocky wastelands and steppes are difficulty 8 or 9. If the
vampire has the appropriate implements to secure shelter
(foraexample atarp orashoveland an assistant to shovel the
dirt back over her) decrease the difficulty of the roll by.2.A
botch can mean anything from an encounter with hostile
shen while looking for somewhere to sleep to a mistaken
belief that one*has found shelter until it is too late to do
anything but rot in the sunlight.

Note that travel is'forbidden for anyone but heimin
and those with the appropriate travel documents: The
penalty for unauthorized travel varies from forcible repa-
triation to capital punishment. While this.is now strictly
enforced in'many areas, those without proper permission
are nevertheless at the mercy. of the local courts. Those
traveling with bad papers or with no papers at all face
Spiritual interrogation by the First Oni of the Court, who
may, at her option,‘devour the souls of guilty parties.

* Securing a Haven [Intelligence + Survival]: Find-
ing a goodllair is critical to a Wan Kuei's survival. A good
haven must be secure, defensible, private and have at least
one emergency exit. It should alsoybe near prime feeding
grounds and have plenty of different routes by which the
vampire can come and go, to allow him to throw off those
who would follow him back to his lair. It is an Intelligence
+ Survival roll to‘find a good haven, witha difficulty set
by the amount of time the vampire is willing to spend
searching and the quality of the area vis-a-vis available
haven space. One success finds a marginal haven lacking
at least one essential characteristic. Three successes finds
an adequate haven, and five finds an excellent haven
suitable for long-term habitation.

Those vampires dwelling in rural areas cannot gener-
ally rely, on. secrecy. There are, after all, only so many
abandoned temples and mist-shrouded caves in which a
hungry monster might lurk. Strewing about the appropriate
evil signs and mutilated bodies to intimidate the locals is a

‘Manipulation + Intimidation roll, with a difficulty set by

the amount ofttime and effort the Wan Kuei puts into the
intimidating displays. One success keeps the superstitious
locals away, three. successes keeps all the locals away and


Cuapter Four: Ways Unoer Heaven

will prevent the local militia from coming into the area
unless the vampire becomes a nuisance. Five successes
means that local officials will collude to coverup reports of
even the worst depredations rather than stir the menace
that lurks in their midst by sending army troops in.

Hiding a Body [Intelligence + Subterfuge]: Hid-
ing a body is often an important matter. It's not that the
murder of some lower-class thief will attract attention,
but a body drained of blood and with the characteristic
fang-marks of the Wan Kuei will cause a public hysteria,
even if there is no official response. The area will soon be
a-swarm with Shih demon hunters, Wu Lung wizards,
amateur witch-hunters, charm-sellers, alms-seeking bonzes
blessing houses and every other sort of holy man, ranting
madman and alchemisteager to capture a Wan Kuei weak
enough that he must still drink blood.

Vampires who are not terribly fastidious can simply
grow a maw or fangs and eat the body. Most of the Wan
Kuei find this repulsive, however, and it is sure to start
ugly rumors of degeneracy if it gets around to the offender's
peers that he is a corpse-eater. An Intelligence + Subter-
fuge roll should be used if the vampire is actually hiding
the body and has no specific disposal method in mind.
The difficulty is based on the number and quality of
hiding spaces and the number of successes is how well
the body is hidden. One success means nobody will find
it immediately, three successes means that it is unlikely
to be found without a thorough search or extraordinary
conditions, and five successes means the body will al-
most certainly never be found.

es rrr | tremens

Courr Poijrjcs

© Courtly Manners [variable]: Good manners are
critical to political success. An enlightened member of the
Wan Kuei-must not only be talented and enlightened but
also gifted with the social graces. Wan Kuei events are often
long and grueling, withyextraordinary emphasis placed on,
formalities and protocol. After all, the participants are
immortal. There is no need for them to hurry, and those
unwilling to'spend a few hours learning the fine points of
courtly manners are hardly suitable as guardians of the world.

A player should roll Charisma + Etiquette for her
vampire to conduct herselfinamannerly fashion at court,
with adifficulty equal to the commonness of the situation.
Dressing properly and otherwise choosing the best course
of social action requires an Intelligence + Etiquette roll,
with the difficulty again set by the situation and the
amount of flair the courtier wishes to display — one
cannot walk daringly close to the edge of propriety with-
out the risk of falling off.

Wan Kuei formal clothing is often astonishingly
elaborate, with tens or even hundreds of pounds of silk
brocade. Even the limbs of the dead strain under such a
heavy load, and Stamina + Etiquette rolls are often
required to withstand particularly grueling affairs or
formal rituals without wilting. Likewise, the social af-
fairs of shen are singularly prone to awesome and unex-
pected disturbances. From mundane assassinations and
scandals to Xiong Ren attacks and appearances by the
ambassadors of Yomi, the disgraced Princes of the Earth

116

entertainsthe most amazing diversions at their social
functions. Wits + Etiquette rolls are used to recover from
such unexpected disruptions.

All matters mannerly are judged on roughly the same
success scale. One success indicates an acceptable perfor-
manee. Nobody finds fault in it, but itis still ritual and not
second nature. Three successes indicates a performance of
the best sort, with all matters of protocol carried out with
perfect grace. Five successes indicates a masterful perfor-
mance, and repeated, such performances can earn a vam-
pire renown and a position as the official or unofficial
master of protocol. Botches on matters of courtly eti-
quette are particularly devastating, and there are many of
the Wan Kuei who would claim that etiquette is the most
important skill anyone could hope to master.

© Maintaining Face [Intelligence + Expression]:
Losing face over failure in a shame-based culture is a
terrible thing. A significant failure — even an inevitable
one —can ruin a promising career. It is an Intelligence
+ Expression roll to explain a failure in a manner that
does not cause any of those involved to lose face. The
difficulty isset by the severity of the failure. Success does
not just cast the characters in a positive light. Even a
single success can whitewash failure; additional sut+
cesses convey to one's superiors information about the
actual state of events while still protecting the reputa-
tions of those involved. Note that this is byno means a
perfect defense, only a formulaic and usually unchal-
lenged explanation that may have almost nothing to do
with the truth. An ancestor out for blood can usually
send fact finders out, not only disgracing the character
for failure but for lying as well.

¢ Prying Eyes [Wits + Investigation]: Sometimes itis
necessary to investigate a matterwithout revealing your
interest. This may be something as trivial as ascertaining
someone's likes so that a gift can be obtained for him or,
proying a paramour's indiscretions. It can be as setious as
attempting to expose someone as a flesh-eater or akuma.
Investigating a matterindirectly is a Wits + Investigation
roll, withithe difficulty set by how careful the target is about
concealing his activities. A cheating paramour might be
difficulty 7, while an akuma or flesh-eater, might be.diffi-
culty 9: One success bringsnothing but vague rumors, three
bring some evidence or information, while five conjures up
an abundance ofevidence. These mules largely reflect word-
of-mouth and documentary,investigation. Use roleplaying
and the rules for Shadowing (Vampire: The Masquerade
p- 203) for physical investigation — breaking into'a
mandarin's house in an attempt to prove her,akuma isn't
something that should be dismissed lightly.

¢ Lying Well [Manipulation + Performance]: It is
often necessary to conceal one's true feelings in court,
particularly when so many mandarins have access to'the
Discipline of Obligation. Concealing one's true feelings
from obvious scrutiny is a Manipulation + Performance
roll, with a difficulty based on how startling or intense the
questioning is. This is resisted by a Manipulation + Alert-

Mg Broop & Siu
ness roll on the partof the inquisitor, with a difficulty equal
to the circumstances — it»is far easier in interrogate

someone strapped toa chair than it is when sheisin courtly
regalia, on her guard and in her Godbody of the Demon.

Concealinga particular matter from scrutiny by those using e

Soul Bridge (Obligation #®) is a Willpower roll, difficulty
6. A single success masks the thought in question. There is
no known way to conceal information from spiritual inter-
rogation by a master of the Dragon Tear, but court officials
strictly control the use of this power.

¢ Finding Political Allies [yariable]: Oneof the most
critical political matters is finding allies. Despite popular

impressions, brutal political games are not generally played ,

by emotionless automatons but by. normal'beings with a"
full range of feelings who aresimply ruthless about getting
what they want. In getting what youywant, trustworthy
friends and allies are critical: It is a Béreeption + Politics
roll to find good allies and a Charisma + Empathy roll to
become friends with them. Difficulty is set by the relative
stations of the parties and the' degree of similarity. An
elder gaining a protégé would haye difficulty 4, while a
conseryativé young Crane gaining the trust of an elderly
Thrashing Dragon would have: aminimum difficulty of 8)

It takes some time between rolls, at least a few days.
The total accumulated suécesses indicate the strength of

the friendship. Ten is an/acquaintance, 20 is mild friend-..

ship, and so on, up to the'80-100 range, which indicates
abond that will last forthe duration of the Road Back and
pethaps even beyond: Both parties cangoll, if both desire
friendship, but the accumulated sucéesses are not added
together — friendship is often, unequal.

® The Poison Tongue [Manipulation + Politics]:

Just as finding allies is critical, turning opinion against a
political rival is also of crucial importance, Itis a Manipu-
lation + Politics roll, witha difficulty determined by the
degree of geompetence and political aptitude demon-
strated by one's opponentsEveryone€an turn opinion
against the court bumbler, but throwing darts at the hero
of the hour without seeming petty is very difficult. The
numbér of successes determines the degree of effect. One
success plants doubts, five successes chainges opinions.
forever, Note that itcan take dozens of affected vampires
toreally affect'a change of opinion in the court asa whole.
A campaign. of whispered slander and insinuation takes
months of hard,effort to bring to maturation. A botch

during this time will probably make the matter into a ~

public feudior even bring about a challenge to a duel.
‘Sometimes, whispered insinuations aren't enough.
Framing someone for acrime she didn't commit is always
a popular way to eliminate an enemy. It is particularly
effective if she is suspected of committing that sort of
crime but/hasn't been caught yet — a process known as
"Speeding the Wheels.""Setting the matter up is an
Intelligence +-Subterfuge roll, with a difficulty equal to
the legitimacyjof the victim: The actual sting should be
roleplayed out, and it islikely thatmany othersystems will

"be putt into‘use in, the process:

>

Nios

> See

3


Guarren Four: Waxs Unoen Haven
SPjRTUALTY

© Scripture and Commentaries [Intelligence +
Academics/Linguistics]: Rather than relying on mor-
tal doctrines, most Night People follow their own
prophets. But regardless of who speaks them, the re-
corded words of the enlightened are critical to shen as
well as to mortals. To translate scripture is an Intelli-
gence + Linguistics roll, with a difficulty set by the
obscurity of the language the scripture is recorded in.
Adjunctal texts written by a bodhisattva in the modern
kaja are far easier to translate than lost chapters of the
Ki Chuan written inan ancient form of shorthand. One
success produces a barely adequate translation, full of
erroneous readings and missed idioms, three successes
produces an adequate but not extraordinary transla-
| tion, and five successes produces a definitive transla-
~ tionwhich will stand for centuries.

Composing commentary on scriptures and otherclas-
sical writings is a critical part of the intellectual life of
both mortals and shen in the Middle Kingdom. Compos-
ing commentary isan Intelligence + Academics roll, with
adifficulty depending on how obscure the meaning of the
text is. One success states the obvious, three successes
illuminates the text for those who do not understand it,
and five successes produces genuine insights into the
thoughts of the master who authored the original text.

© Teaching and Debate [variable]: Educating the
ignorant is one of the duties of the enlightened. It is
a Charisma + Leadership roll to teach scripture to
willing acolytes. The character cannot roll more dice
toteach religious matters than the lower of his Dharma'

culty is set by the number of students the master is
teaching, their willingness to be enlightenedand how
X much must be unleatned before they can begin learn+
, ing again. One success brings some self-understand-

ing and prevents anyone from falling asleep, three»

suceesses allow the students to gain some genuine
insight, and five successes i§a masterful lecture, bring-
' ing true life to a doctrine.

Also common ate scriptural debates between:master
theologians. Inter-Dharma debates are rare,howeyer.
Because all the orthodox Dharmic paths are known to be
valid and because early Wan Xian society after,the fall of,
Meru saw a great deal of strife between the emergent
Dharmas, there is legacy of general tolerance between the
various non-heretieal Roads Back. However, debates be-
tween.opposing sects and schools of thought within the
__ Dharmas are common, and bitter rivalries often develop
around them. It is an'opposed Wits + Academics roll to
debate scripture, and neither person‘can roll more dice
than their Intelligence + Dharma score. Generally, no
more than three rolls can be made over an issue before the
debate becomes repetitive.

u7

One of the vampires taking part in the debate must be
five to. 10 suecessesup on her opponent by this time to
have gotten the better of him, with the actual number of
successes required being a function of the obscurity of the
point debated. The more obscure the point; the more
Successes are required to illuminate it in a favorable light.

¢ Reading the Heavens [Perception + Portents]:
The Black Tortoise Court meets only on the nightsofthe
half moon, never in the same location twice and rarely
under a roof. The location of the court's next meeting can
be discerned on the night of the full moon or the new
moon by examining the sky for half‘an hour. Doing so
requires the player to roll Perception + Portents (diffi-
culty 7). If the astrologer isnota Wan Kuei from the Black
Tortoise Court, the difficulty is 8. In a feat of astrology
that rarely fails to surprise the novice, the meeting place
ismevermore than seven days"hard ride from the location
of the last meeting place.

Favors AND PRESTATJON

Wan Kuei society is an incredibly complex web of
interlocking obligations. Though unstated, favors, honor,
face and personal feelings all come together to create the
social framework of the Five August Courts and most
other groupings of the Hungry Dead. The basics of this
system. of favors and debts — called prestation — are
relatively straightforward. A vampire who does some-
thing for another expects to be repaid in kind. Skilled
courtiers make it their business to remember who owes
whom, and detailed records exist in many courts. If an

i : rma' owing yampire tries to ignore a debt, she looses face (and
+ Hun or Intelligence + Academics scores. The diffi-

hence status) at-court and may also be subjected to dire
punishments. The Great Principle that traditionally
guides the courts:includes the Way of Obligation, mak-
ing prestation almost a state religion among the Wan
Kuei, To violate it is to invite grave retribution.


Basjcs or Prestatjon

Prestation among the Wan Kuei is similar to the
form practiced among Camarilla vampires in the mod-
ern era (see Guide to the Camarilla, pp. 147-149).
Howeyerythere*are some differences; The first is that
prestation debt can be transferred, not just by the holder
of the debt, but by the debtor as well. The debtor is,
however, responsible for the proper execution of the
favor. Failure on the part of his delegate leaves the debt
unpaid. Indeed, if the task requested to fulfill the debt
was badly bot¢hed or cannot be attempted again, the
debt is likely to increase significantly.

Secondly, the value of a debt isdetermined not just by
the favor but by the relative social rankings of the partici-
pants. Repaying a favor between two mandarins might be
no more than the matter of who proyides the vessels when.
they next dine together. That same favor, asked for by a
disciple, might be the matter of a life boon.

Thisvis.one.of the reasons that wu are so important.
First, favors between members of a wu are judged on a
differentscale. You caf expect alormore from your blood-
sister for a given level of debt than you can from a court
official who doesn't know: you from the next running
monkey. Also, older wu-members can easily act as liai-
sons. For example, say thatayoung disciple wishes to have
a mandarin tutor her ina Discipline. Rather than asking
the mandarin directly for a-fayor, the disciple: would
request that an older member of her wu — who is probably
himself a mandarin or jina— ask the mandarin for her.
Then, she would owe her wu-mate a small favor, and her
wu-mate would owe the mandarin small favor,rather than
the disciple being in debt to the mandarin for the-next
decade or so. Even if there is no wu-mate of equivalent
rank, the highest-ranking vampirewwith social aptitude is
still the one to send because he'll get the:most results with
the smaller prestation cost.

Seexing Favors rrom Asove

Not all requests can be handled by an older member
of the vampire's wu. Likewise thereare some favors that
a young vampire would not dare let her elder family

members know she was requesting. In these casesthe

vampire must approach her elders‘on her owl. At this
point, the matter becomes both complex and expensive.
Elders are important creatures,whose time is in great
demand. Wan Kuei of lower Social standing who wish to
trouble their betters'¢annot simply knock on their front
door. There are forms that must be followed to keep
matters orderly and to assure the elders' time is their own
and not that of everyone in the Gourt who.needs a favor.

First, a vampire who wishes to have an audience
with an elder of significant station must speak with his
doorkeeper or majordomo. This is usually one of the
elder's students or a junior member of his wu, but itcan
be a dhampyr, bakemono, bound demon or occasion-
ally even'a mortal#Whoever it is, the majordomo does

preliminary,screening of those who want an audience
> ; va a

Broo & Sux

with the elder, Vampires of lower status than the elder
must convince the majordomo to put them on the
schedule in a timely fashion. A large bribe often speeds
the conyincing process considerably. Storytellers can
use the system for doing guanxi in the mortal world (see
p- 113) at this stage.

If the vampire does secure an appointment, she must
then dress appropriately for the occasion and recite the
appropriate ritualized greetings, honorifics, titles and so
forth. The costuming is often ridiculously expensive, and
the greetings can take weeks to memorize properly. Fail-
ure to perform the greetings or to wear the proper outfit is
quite likely to destroy any chance of the petition being
accepted. When the audience proper begins, the appli-
cant gives the elder a significant honorarium to make up
for the distraction she has caused him. This can be cash or
a valuable gift of some sort' gifts are preferred, but
money will work in a pinch. The applicant then presents
the elder with her petition, written in kaja on silk. If the
elder chooses to accept the petition, the applicant will
then owe him the appropriate prestation debt.

Most elders hear and grant petitions from vampires
of low standing only at their leisure, and the ritual
involved is incredibly complex to the uninitiated.
Generally, the vampire needs an Etiquette + Rituals
score equal to the gréater of either the difference
between her Dharma rating and the elder's. Dharma

-rating. This is the minimum, and players of vampires
with. scores this low should be making frequent Cha-
tisma or Manipulation + Etiquette or Rituals rolls to
get through the meeting without a bumble. Smooth
social sailing generally requires scores at least two
leyels higher than the minimum.

Asaresult, younger Wan Kuei who do not have older
tu-mates still routinely use intermediaries of higher sta-
tion when they must request favors of prominent court
members. However, there are often several such:interme-
diaries, and eachofthém must be petitioned and given his
honorarium; Of course, the vampire who actually wants
the favor is expected to pay all expenses, particularly for
the formal.garb, bribes, honorariums and so forth. Many
jina wise in the ways of the courts yet still on the edges of
formal Wan Kuei society work as professional intermedi-
aties for Running Monkeys.

There are"alternatives, of course. There are always
those mandarins, either disgraced or of questionable com-
petence, whose court no one attends. They are always
eager to aid someone, anyone, in order to reestablish their
face and influence. There are also political predators and
akuma, both always eager to gain anew pawn through the
semblance of friendliness and generosity. Sometimes,
taking a gamble with less reputable or more dangerous
patrons pays off, and sometimes, it's the only alternative
for a poor or desperate vampire.

/  Thissort ofthing helps explain why it is so dreadful

jto bea heimin and why a strong wu is so critical toa
vampire's prosperity. Justasin the mortal world, a large

EE — ee a

Cnapren Four: Ways Unoer Heaven

and prosperous family is critical to-success. A young
vampire alone must pay large honorariums and use
untrustworthy middlemen. A member of awu has all
the wu's social contacts working for him-and can use
the rank of wu-mates as leverage. A wu which contains
a bodhisattva or ancestor is likely to have other vam-
pires offering its members favors, in the hopes that
they'll attract the favorable attention of the elder
member with their generosity.

TRANSFERRING PRESTAT|ON

Among the Wan Kuei, the debtor need not be
informed of the transfer of prestation from one owning
party to another. Instead, the party calling in the favor
presents the debtor with a written note signed by the
party to whom he owes prestation, authorizing the new
owner of the debt to call on the indebted vampire's
services*in the elder's name. If the debt is transferred
again, the old owner makes a chop mark below the
signature to show that they too authorized the transfer.
There is a document on exhibit in Guangdong with no
less than 23,marks of transfer on it.

The debtor, on the other hand, can only transfer a
favor at the time it is requested. At this time, he can
inform the owner of the debt that a proxy will be carrying
out the task for him. There are a number of reasons this
might happen. Prestation debt is often. used in attempts to
greatly distract the debtor by forcing them into menial

ws

jobs or even to indirectly murder the debtor by sending
him to certain destruction. Debtors will often use students
and friends as proxies for menial tasks, while allies, friendly
elders and older wu-mates are all popular to deal with
"suicide" missions. What is suicide for a disciple is often
child's play for an elderly mandarin.

As long as the debtor phrases his nomination of a
proxy properly and remains accountable for his failures,
the owning party cannot refuse the transfer without losing
significant face. The Storyteller may require a Wits +
Etiquette roll to make sure the transferal is well phrased.

ComparT

Heroic derring-do and doomed struggles are cen-
tral facets of most hundred chapter novels and Hong
Kong fantasy cinema, It is, likely that warfare and
combat will have a central place in a Blood & Silk
game as well. The following section is a guide to
conflict in the Blood & Silk era. Obviously, there is a
finite amount of space available — this section is long
on rules and short on atmosphere. Storytellers and
players might want to explore the resources listed in
the Introduction's bibliography and get a feel for com-
bat of various scales in Chinese history and drama.
Reading a couple of books can vastly improve one's
understanding of the context for these rules.


120

Wearons
The warriors of the Middle Kingdom use the full

gamut of weapons known. in the West, including axes,
straight swords, spears, maces, clubs and the like. They
also use & number of rather exotic weapons. The more
normal ones are detailed briefly in the weapons charts
below. The. truly exotic ones like the gunpowder
flamethrower have their own write-ups later. Storytellers
who.want a lotiof detail in their hand-to-hand combat
may wish to consult World of Darkness: Combat. To be
frank, if there was ever a setting where "The Big Book of
Beating Ass" was appropriate, it's this one.

Some of the less familiar weapons in use during the
Blood & Silk period and listed on the tables below include:

Compound Bow: Favorite of the steppe-riders, this is
arecurved bow (it is strung "backward") with horn inserts
(minimum Strength or Archery of 3 to string).

Daikyu: Asymmetrical Japanese longbow for use
from horseback:

Hammer (two-handed): Includes Japanese two-
handed war.club.

Hook Sword: Martial-arts weapon with backward-cury-
ing tips. Used in pairs, these weapons do Strength +3 damage
when wielded by someone with Martial Arts 4 or more:

Naginata: Japanese curve-bladed halberd, a favored
weapon of women. ;

No-Daichi: Japanese "howe killer" two-handedsword.. ~

Pellet Bor ctossbreed of aslingandabow, usedin
hunting ah ees itdoes not damage the meat.

Self Bow: A standard bow with no compound or
recurve.

War Fan: Steel fan used for cooling Ran battle-
field signaling, parrying and even attacking. »/

Wind-Fire Wheel: Steel ring with handle, and
sometimes with hooks, used to trap shina J and.as a
bludgeon. Used in m4 ‘

Aron
Armoris a ee | feature of we and pe
warfare. While the Middle Kingdom Rever develops
super-heavy armors that come to dominate warfare inthe
West, the average solider or warrior still goes into battle
clad in body armor of some sort. The armors|that follow
are deliberately abstract Tepresentations of various genres
of protective garments. Storytellers and players who want
more precise representations reflecting the specific con-
struction of various armor types throughout the. ages
should feel free to modify these statistics, but the included =
types should suffice for.general'use.

2 i
x j


Leather: The outfit. of conscripts everywhere. A
thick leather breastplate with a leather cap and shoulder,
forearm and leg pieces. Some suits may have'some small
metal reinforcements over the vital organs, but this equip-
ment mostly provides moral support rather than actual
protection. This armor can also beuused to represent the
sort of piecemeal protection worn by brigands of the less
successful sort.

Light Chain: The armor the average soldier of a
_. professional army. It includes alight chain shirt, a helmet

_- with neck'guard, greaves and forearm protection of some
"© sort all of leather'and chain.

Heavy Chain: Worn by heavy cavalry, elite foot
Mh soldiers and other shock troops. Heavy chain includes
a-metal breastplate or'reinforced chain shirt, chain
sleeves, a steel helmet with chain neck guard, layered
metal shoulder guards and steel greaves. This armor
provides a +4 soak versus all attacks, but subtracts one
fromthe charactet's dexterity when it is worn. This sort
x of equipage is very expensive and a sheer hell to wear

|

q

in hot conditions.

Lacquered Plate: Favored by Nihonjin warriors,
this armor uses a few solid segments and many small,
» lacquered plates held together with silk ribbon to pro-
vide both flexibility and protection from slashing weap-
ons. Itis acomment on both the Japanese mentality and

» thesarmor's protective capabilities that the fearsome
helmets made to accompany suits of lacquered plate
have a hole in the top;.so-the wéarer's soul can fly to

) Heaven immediately after his death. To cut down on

+>, weight, most of these suits of armor lace across the back

/ —ifattacked from the tear or by someone who can beat
them in an opposed Wits + Ride roll (ifon horseback),
the armor pfovides no protection: ;

. J §

F

4

si

Coarren Four: Wars Uvorn Heaven , 9

121

Sujewws ann Parryjnc Weapons

Devices for parrying attacks can be broken into two
categories: shields and weapons which are specially
designed for use in parrying. The former covers every-
thing from. bucklers to large wall shields. While these
sorts of devices.are known in the Middle Kingdom, they,
are not so commonly used there as in the West. Instead,
more emphasis is placed on mobility and striking first,
and parrying weapons are quite popular. Most of these,
such asthe sai, jitte, tonfa and wind-fire wheels, are
bludgeons of varying sorts that are useful in catching and
deflecting weapons.

Parrying devices can be used in two fashions, active
and passive. In their active role, parrying devices allow,
the wielder to parry incoming attacks at a decreased
difficulty. Note that none of these items grant the
ability to automatically parry-attacks — the character
must still use defensive maneuvers to do so. Thus, the
player must eitherspend actions parrying (and split her
dice pool) or spend the entire turn defending. In the
latter case, she makes as many Dexterity + Melee rolls
as necessary, subtracting one from die each successive
roll until she runs out of dice or the:turn ends. Note
that it is not generally possible to use parrying items to
block missile attacks, but in certain circumstances
(cast spears, chi flames and similar slow attacks) it may
be possible. This:is left to the Storyteller's discretion.
(See Vampire: The Masquerade, p. 210 for more on
defensive maneuvers and parrying.)

Parrying equipment in a passive role simply adds to

‘the difficulty»of attacking a character. This doesn't
‘require an action and represents the character simply

holding her shield or weapon in such a way as to make
hitting her more difficult. Most items have differing


122

scores for missile and melee defense — shields large
enough to provide adequate, protection from bow or
crossbow fire are generally too large to maneuver easily
in combat without special harnesses largely unknown in
the Middle Kingdom.

These items do not provide both an active and a passive
defense at the same time. A defensive weapon can either be
used to actively party attacks or to passively defend
against them, but not both. The defender can choose
which sort of defense the weapon offers on.a per-attack
basis, so it still offers some protection when her dice pool
is exhausted, but the player must choose before the dice
are rolled for the attack.

Mounten Compar

The horse is critical to Chinese warfare. The steppe-
dwelling nomads who are a perennial threat to the Middle
Kingdom are universally master horsemen. The Chinese
also have large contingents of horsemen, as cavalry forma-
tions and in the persons of a hard-riding postal service and
the Robin Hood-like "knights" or "cavaliers" who patrol
remote or lawless areas, often leading bands of freedom-
loying rebels in times of tyranny.

The most basic rule for mounted combat is that'a
character cannot have a combat Ability higher than her
Ride Ability. If the combat Ability is higher than her
Ride, use her Ride score instead. Using the lance or
mounted bow from horseback are special exceptions to
this rule and are detailed below.

Broop & Six

If the combatis taking place on a chaotic battlefield
or on especially difficult ground, the Storyteller should
have the player split her dice pool to include a Wits +
Ride roll to.stay in the saddle and keep control of her
mount. The difficulty-of this roll is set by the degree to
which the horse has been trained for battle and the local
environment. Fighting on rough ground would be diffi-
culty 6, while trying to control an unttained horse ona
battlefield full of smoke, bloodand the shrieks of wounded
animals (all panic signals for naturally skittish herbi-
vores) would be difficulty 9, at least!

TraMPLng

Horses weigh a great deal and are weapons in and
of themselves. While untrained animals are reluctant
to step on anything, horses can be trained to step on or
kick targets. Players roll Manipulation + Ride as the
attack roll when their characters use their horses to
trample. Damage inflicted by a trample is 6 or 7 dice
(depending on the size of the horse) plus successes.
Tramples can be dodged with Dexterity + Dodge. but
cannot be parried unless the character is significantly
larger than human size.

There is a reason that tramples are not incredibly
common — the risk involved. Failing a trampling roll
leaves an enemy in a position that gives him an excellent
shot at the horse's belly, and botching such a roll is likely
to leave the character thrown or underneath a panicked
horse with a broken leg.

Cuaprer Four: Ways Unper Heaven @

Lances

Lances are long spear-like weapons designed to be
used from horseback. The wielder braces himself in his
stirrups, holds the lance under one arm'and strikes his
target at any pace between.a canter and a full gallop.
This causes the lance to strike with the force of the horse
and the rider behind it.

Contrary to popular opinion and European tourna-
ment practice, lances are generally not used against
mounted opponents but against foot troops.who have
broken formation and are either routing or attempting
to rally. Lancers can ride down with casual ease a
footman attempting to stand alone. In combat against
mounted opponents, the lance is typically either put
aside (usually by sticking it into the ground point-fitst so
it can be retrieved later) or used in jabbing strikes.

Lances doveight dice of lethal damage + successes
when used froma gallop. Strength does not add to this
damage, but characters with the Huge Size Merit do an
additional two dice of damage — one die for their own
bulk and an additional die to represent the added mass
of a horse large enough to carry them. Those struck must
make a Strength + Athletics check, difficulty 4+ (the
number of successes on the attacker's damage roll), or be
knocked down and at +2 difficulty on all rolls for the
next round as a result of the stunning impact. Vampires
treat-lance damage»as ,bashing (it is almost entitely
piercing) but may still be knocked down and stunned,
and_permanently Yang-imbalanced vampires may be
staked, though this would require special effort and
knowledge, as the lance is generally pulled out of the'
target immediately.

Accharacter musthave a minimum Ride and Melee of
3 each to be able,t use a lance effectively from horseback.
Otherwise, heis certain to dismount himselfon.a successful
attack — the characterstakes as many dice of bashing
damage as he inflicted dice of lethal damage with his lance;
A bétch using a lance is generally a terrible thing: The
character takes four dice of lethal damage and may fall'off.

~ hishorse (roll Stamina + Ride)-Use of a lance is punishing *
business —charaeters withthe Small or Child Merits, who"

have Staminayl or who are otherwise below-average size
cannot use a mounted lance.

Mounten Bows

The use of the bow from horseback isa trademark of the
steppe-dwelling nomads who forma constant threat to the
Middle Kingdom. Accurate bow fire from a moving horse
is exceedingly difficult — a single inch in error at the bow
will cause the arrow tomissthe target by tens of feet. Unless
the character has the Archery specialty:"Mounted," his
shots are at +2 difficult from a moving horse and at +4
difficulty froma horse moving at a trot or faster. Note that
the average steppe-horseman has Archery and Ride high
enough to have specialties.

123

Marija. Arts

Martial arts are a relatively recent development in
the Blood & Silk era, and kung-fu has not reached
nearly the elaborate heights it will achieve in later
centuries. This section on Martial Arts deals with
characters who know these simple combat styles. Ob-
viously, Storytellers may want to ignore the historical
facts — a lovofAsian: cinema.certainly has. In that
case, just use the Martial Arts rules in Kindred of the
East and the Kindred of the East\Companion. As
always, Storytellers who want more elaborate combat
than the basic Storyteller system provides — with a
particular emphasis on martial arts mayhem, should
see if World of Darkness: Combat is. what they're
looking for Keep in mind that, in the Dragon Dance
(Yang Prana ¢¢®), the Wan Xian have a combat style
more effective than almost anything mortals can hope
to learn.

In the Blood & Silk era, there are no hard or soft
styles —all Martial Arts attacks use the same difficulty
table (see below). Likewise, a limited number of special
maneuyets are available. As in the Kindred of the East ~
Companion, chatacters gain one* special maneuver
when they purchase their first dot of Martial Arts and
an additional special maneuver with each dot of Mar-
tial Arts above three. The available special maneuvers
are as follows:

Kindred Of The East: CounterThrow, Mantis Strike,
Damaging Block, Dragon Tail Sweep, Elbow Strike

» Kindred Of The East Companion: Ground Fight-
ving, Killing Blows,' Cataleptic Grapple, Push Hands,
© Reactive Strikes"

‘As time'goes by, the Storyteller should allow charac-
tets, interested im mortal martial arts to relearn, their
martial arts skills.in the modern mold, probably at.a
discount of some sott.

Specga Weapons

The arsenals of the Middle Kingdom Facute some
ttuly terrifying" weapons, including what caf only be
called militaryexplosives, While few Wan Kuei directly
wield such terrifying, arms, demon hunters-and other;
mortal opponents dow f


124 a
Repeating CrossBows

The repeating crossbow is an unusual weapon con-
sisting of a small'crossbow with a cocking lever on the top
rear and a vertical hopper for bolts. The weapon is fired by
pumpingthe cocking lever, which draws back and releases
the string. Each pump of the lever fires a single unfletched
bolt, with the magazine typically containing between six
and 10 such bolts. The repeating crossbow is not particu-
larly accurate or damaging past the range off a spearcast,
andthe bolts are too lightand slow to do significant injury
unless one happens to hit an eye. However, a rapid volley
of poisoned darts can help a single man win through a
press, or allow a squad of men to turn back a larger force.

Treat repeating crossbows as if they were modern
semi-automatic weapons, with a Rate of 6 and the ability
to fire three-round bursts. The repeating crossbow. uses
the Archery skill but is not covered by a specialization in
crossbows; while the mechanism is similar, the weapon is
used ina completely different fashion. Repeating-cross-
bow bolts have a base damage of 2 and are almost always
poisoned. If a bolt inflicts more damage than the target's
armor soaks; this poison has/its effect. Poisons of the
Middle Kingdom are frequently infectious agents (during
a siege, they might be dipped in the feces of cholera or
dysentery victims, for example) or distilled fish or snake
venoms. Mortals hit with an infectious bolt must make a
Stamina roll (difficulty 9) once, per bolt, with failure
indicating they have contracted whatever illness the bolt
was prepared with — usually amounting to a slow and
miserable death. Permanently Yang-imbalanced vam-
pires must likewise make this roll, though they will prob-
ably just be discommoded by the illness.

Envenomed bolts likewise require a Stamina check,
with a difficulty of between 6 and.9 depending on the
strength of the poison. Failure generally ‘causes either
several health levels of damage or death: Wan Kueistruck
by envenomed bolts take no additional damage: As undead
beings, they are immune:to all non-supernatural toxins.

FLAMETHROWERS

The Chinese were the first to use the flamethrower
in warfare. This one-use weapon is a long, reinforced
bamboo tube filled with gunpowder and other
inflammables. When lit,.a tongue of searing flame
shoots 10 or more feet from thé mouth for several
seconds. Obviously, this weapon is of tremendous in-
terest to demon hunters stalking feral chih-mei and
other Wan Kuei, and there are rumors that it was first
developed as a secret weapon by alchemists in the
employ of the Shih.

Flamethrowers burn for one round) inflictinga base
eight dice of fire damage to the target. They are aimed
using the wielder's Dexterity + Archery or Athletics
score, whichever is higher — no one uses these weapons
enough for a special skill in doing so to develop. The
wielder can sweep the weapon across several targets if the
player splits her die pool or uses extra actions. The sight

Bioop & Six

eal -
of a burning flamethrower is o¢casion for an immediate
wave soul roll in Wan Kuei. Actually using one forces the
vampire to make the wave soul roll with the Hun facing
a +2 difficulty penalty. These weapons' are almost as
dangerous to the-user'as.to the target: If the tube cracks,
bursts or burns through, the wielder will be exposed to
searing flame and, possibly, a small explosion. If the user
botches, apply between six and 12 dice of damage —
lethal to mortals, aggravated to most shen.

Rockers

The Chinese invention of black powder led to the use
of rockets for entertainment, communication and mili-
tary operations. Firecrackers and small fireworks-type
rockets (which can weigh as much as several pounds) are
popular with demon hunters. Vampireswho are the target
of a string, of firecrackers ora rocket must make an
immediate wave soul check, anda vampire whois actually
hit by a display or signal rocket will probably take adie or
two of aggravated damage.

Military rockets are significantly larger, designed to
be fired at cities or battlefield formations. They have no
warhead per se, but these bamboo weapons impact going
over 100 milesan hour. Anyone so unfortunate as to be hit
by one takes 12 dice of lethal damage, and those nearby
are likely to be splashed by burning gunpowder — all
within 10 feet must make a Dexterity + Dodge roll, taking
(6 - successes) dice of lethal damage. Rocket damage is
largely due to heat and is thus aggravated when applied to
vampires. More useful than the damage they cause are the
secondary effects of the rocket. A barrage of rockets fired
intoacity under siege is likely to ignite dozens of fires, and
horses are often panicked by these weapons. Those on
horseback near the impact zone of a rocket barrage must
make an Wits + Ride roll (difficulty.8) or losescontrol of
their mounts as they becomes terrified by the sounds and
smells of the rocket attack.

The building and'firing of rockéts is covered by the
Crafts (Rocketry) Skill. Rockets are area weapons, de-
signed'to be fired at cities or masses of troops, not individu-
als. Short range attacks are made at difficulty 9, and attacks
against individuals at ranges longer than 50 or so yards are
easily dodged (no roll necessary if they see the weapon).

DjrECTjON AND Dynasty

Wan Kuei of the Fourth Age have a more formal
interpretation of direction than their successors in the
Fifth Age. More than a matter of astrology, direction is
related to the fate of the dynasty the Hungry Dead are
associated with:,For the powerful ancestors of the
Court of the Yellow Emperor, this is the Southern Song
of China, but the "dynasty" need not be political.
Whatever endeavor a Wan Kuei is attached to — the
pursuit of anenemy, the guardianship of a region —can
serve as their dynasty. Their direction helps determine
what role they play in its fate,


Cuapren Four: Ways Unoex Heaven

Bjrrh a Vinrue: Sourt -
Inthe midstofchaosand wickedness, Be vcsitce
aworthy individual to receive its mandate. That person,
whatever his or her situation, must ris¢ to thé challenge of
restoring order and virtue tothe land) When the possessor
of the mandate succeeds in uniting all under Heaven, a
new dynasty begins. Wan Kuei recognize this step as the
distinctive calling of theirkind aligned toward the south.

, GrowrH me ProsPenjrs: East

~ a The founder's successors extend his triumphs. On ife
imperial scale, ther new emperors perform the great duties:
reform of taxation, repair and maintenance of public
works and rectification of names. (In times of wickedness,
the language itself becomes a tool of oppression: and
deceit, and the-rectification of names marks a return to
concern for the truth.) This step calls for the efforts of
east facing Wan. Kuei concerned with and prepared to
_ enmesh themselves in the coil of mortal society.

' The strong empire flourishes. Barbarians come to pay
tribute, while rebels cower and surrender in the face of
. worthy guardians-of the people. Whereas the preceding
steps often called for wars against organized opposition, the
\ people now pursue their 10,000 goals, united in the har-
.» mony of good government and moral society. West-facing
» Wan Kuei seek to preserve the prosperity of this step by
renewed fidelity to, the spirits and ancestors. The spirits
offer up the advice of past cycles on what went wrong, so
>, that perhaps this time people can avoid those mistakes.

As the people become assured of good tishaghe take
it for granted, they turn inward aah more personal
_ pursuits. Done rightly, the search for individual perfection
strengthens the community with living examples of virtue
in action. Done wrongly, itleads to narcissism, selPindul-"
gence and stic weakness. This is the step at which
-xenter-bound Wan Kuei at last come ‘into their own:
x Enlightenment fonisbes on the foundation laid by operas
REcovEry. oF Virtue: Norm

A single righteous leader may summon an unwilling.
people back to vi
demand of their leaders a renewed fidelity. Whether
reform comesfrom: above orbelowy the mandate of Heaven
returns to a dynasty when'the emperor and people again
seek the\Way. North m WanKuei playanimportant part
% this step, sinceithey have personal connections to the
Pre aswell as a wealth of lorethat mortals mayattain. The
people listen to reminders of old wisdom, recognizing in

it the foundation of future as well as past success.

"
;

ToRNng juwarp: CENTER -

e; likewise, a concerned people may" '

125

Deart ju Vice: Sourk

Thecycleofrecoverymay takeplaceanynumber of times,
but inevitably, all institutions fail.. Predators threaten the
people frominside and outside the empire, andnow, defenders
are too few to keep)the masses safe. In the end, the‘only cure

is the death of the dynasty. A time of chaos ensues until

"someone new earns Heaven'smandate. South-directed Wan

»Kuei again play important roles: They purge the wicked,
slicing away corruption and deceit to enable those who still

seek wisdom at least some chance at personal reward.

ayer tp



ee SS Sy EE

Cuaprer Five: Taues oF Sjux_

CHAPTER FIUE:
TALES OF. SICK

Sincerity is the way of Heaven:
—Mencius, Works.

Many aspects of Storytelling for the Wan Kuéi don't
change from oné-agé to the next. Before rufitiinga Blood
& Silk chronicle, take the time to review Chapter Seven.
of Kindred of the East. The'taterial below covers the =
problems and opportunities unique to theFourth Ageand
how to handle themtin your chronicle.

SETTING THE SCENE

You've decided to undertake a Blood & Silk chronicle

Your players like the idea of playing in a different part of
the World of Darkness, removed in both time and space
from the ‘usual setting. Everyone's willing to make the
effort to play in another culture. How.do you help your
players (and yourself) get a feel for the setting?

Ithelps to do a little study of the time'and place you
choose to start your chronicle. You don't have to do
homework— hobody's going to'come around and make
you take a test. IS fust that the moréyou know, thé more
you can improvise. Playérs.always think of something you
didn't, and you should feel Confident in youfability to
coverthe plot holes, The better afeel" you can get for the
setting) the better off you'll be. Keep in mind, however,
that this is a game about' vampires, not a high schdol
history project.

If you want' to do some-tesearch, the bibliography in
the Introduction' is a'Good place to start.

"Tue Founparjons

_ Séme parts of Asian society change very littlethrough-._

out the centtries of the late Fourth Age. Each of the
following sections provides youwith some generalizations

"on: life ar*the ‘time}to-help you portray' these' major

settings. They also provide ayseries*of Vignettes, quick
scéfiesathat you caf use as teady-madé* story seeds .or
simply as a soutce. of. furtherinsight.

Cres anp VjiLaces

Except inthe immediate seer of war, plague and
other disasters, settlements of all sizes arecrowded. People
swarm the streets on their yarious errands: Social distinc-
tions manifest themiselves at évery turn, Peasants deferto
soldiers and-merchants, often "with a show of contempt
along with fear or envy. Everyone gets out of the way of
tich people and officials. Within@aeh'¢lass, finer grada-
tions emerge. Low-ranking» bureaucrats yield to their
superiors, and this-often meansold men who lacked the
right connectiorxs yielding to young then who had better
fortune. The ties of children to parentsand théir extended

un)

:

essen

/ Strangers, unlesplgcal colin' agape a chunieede Digi

sat

128

families show when tesponsible adults try to. round up

their various (and at times wayward) charges.

J Strangersseldom find much in the way of welcome.In.
small villages, most of the people are related, one Way or
another, and strangers immediately stand out. Children
gather to stare at them until the local civil authorities

artiye to demand information about the strangers' identi~ with local officials, Jet her allies study the situation.

ties and business. In big'cities, people simply ignore the

it honest or not).
Peasants build with Piadeice materials nearat sna
wood, mud and sténe, mostcommonly. Keep inmind that

Broop & Sux,

some part of the annual farming cycle. Whatever the
oceasion, itlets-the characters see townspeople at their
best... and lets unscrupulous people examine the rest of
the town unseen by anyone except the aged and infirm,
who.cannot take part in the festivities. ;
After a character bungles some social.i interaction

servation: and»perhaps Disciplines) leads to the in-
~sightthat the current magistrate isoflowersocial stand-
, thanchis_ who used to be the' magistrate
getting demoted ‘for: "some offense. The offending
ter stumbled unawares into'a tangled knot, which *

long-settled areas often lose all theirnative forests and ‘might be untied to the advantage of the wu. Keep-in
that, thereafter, wood buildings are marks‘of status. All mind that the network-of mortal obligations is as com-"
but the very poorest family. homés consist of a square or ‘plex as the Wan Kueiprestation system-and includes

~ ot god of the town receives saCrifices here.

rectangle of buildings set arouiid.an interior courtyard, Ay a participants. ¥

blank'or nearly blank wall faces the public street; the"

~ family's personal. affairs. goonvat a bit of me bom

"dwellers build larger, more permanentstructures oft

"Sprelying on stone quarried some distance away from" ihe "generations: of the town's' families drag their precious.

city. City homes and businesses sometimes rise two or
three stories aboveground level.

Some cities and towns are very clean, when" the

people and authorities care about it. Others are just filthy. characters sympathize with the beleaguered innocents? <4

A dirty village often signifies trouble — some—local
circumstance makes people feél uncertain that it's worth
the effortto clean up. Chinese and other civilizedpeoples
tend tosee all barbarian settlémentsas dirty, whether they
actually are or not.

Vignettes of City and Village Life:

© A small shrine on the road carries a Sign with the
‘name of the next town. Plaques commemorate honors
_given:to inhabitants of the town and usually. (but not
always) identify high-ranking officials. The guardian spitit,

© The town cemetery occiipiés-a-hill a few.minutes'
~ walk away — an artificial mound, if the surrounding land
"is flat. Are the graves well-tended? Have families been.
performing the proper ritesto honor their ancestors? Wan>
Kuei can see the ghosts. Do they seemreontent, ordo they

have complaints? If the ghosts do complain, are their
"objections serious, or is it just the whining of bored. aa the paddies seeded.

"seeking something to fill che time?
¢ One of the characters demonstratesasupernatural
power. Nobody visibly recoils (unlessthe poweris overtly:
destructive), but bystanders find reasons to be elsewhere
— immediately and in all future encounters with, the,
uncouth stranger. Thereafter, that character and any-
one known as his associate faces‘a +1 or greater difficulty
penalty on social interactions, unless somehow he can
earn back the-favor of the townspeople.
¢ The charactéts find the outskirts of town deserted.
There'sa festival going on in the center of town. It might

honor the birthday of-a.prominent inhabitant of the

town, celebrate some great event in the town's history
(like victory over invaders) or mark the completion of *

_leave behi

wo charaeters find a town being dismantled.
#€'S, been one too many wars, famines or floods (or
perhaps al e) and other calamities;as*well. Three ~

" possessions, weeping and wailing over what they must
ind, Sometimes a governor imposes abandon-
ment as' punishment. for a town's inisdeeds. Do the

Dothe characters approve of righteous justice ein'the face"
of manifest wickedness?\Do the characters try to steer.
cleat‘and risk offending any watching anééstors of get
"involved and risk offending. the Miortal bureaucracy \

through some inadvertent oer . :

| Many. people must in, a fields to -support
themiélves and.the city folle, Rice i is a staple crop,every- *
where there's enough: water for it, but its ‘éultivation

requires an enorfous amount of labor. The rice sprouts ine
Spécially-venided beds, Laborers use mattocks and plows to ~
break up theground of the rice paddies, then flood them.
Women transplant the seedlings to the draining paddies. -
=Thisis stoop labor r ahd contributes to early back failure: It

takes a day's labor (or even more) to.plant rows longer _
than the womanis tall. The whole town, tumsut during

The rice then grows for eeu (more or less.
depending on how favorable sal climate is). At
harvest time, women and men "aay es to cut the rice.

"stalks, Bundles of stalks go to the Seid who gtind the: ie
stalks to let ' the heavy seeds fall and the lighter chaff blow
away. Harvesting requires the wholé yillage's effort, just
like planting; a few days' error can lead to the loss of much,
ofa crop. Once threshed, the rice driés-for a few days, |)
Millers then pound the grains.to split open-the brown
hulls and extract the white rice within. More pounding |
produces rice flour.

.

Most parts of the Middle Kingdom produce a Sinead as g

:

e

rice ctop. Very rainy and warm: areas-get two crops pers
_year. (Some exceptionally fertile areas get*three, at.a-
ferocious cost in labor.) In between crops, villagers must

>

Cuaprer Five: Taues or Siu

maintain the irrigation systems that keep the paddies
| moist and myst storeaihd spread fertilizer regularly, Pad-
». dies mustbé level; and claiming new paddies out of hilly
land requires constructing terraces. There's never much
time off for ric' growers.

Distupting this cycle atany pointmeans sig some
or allvof the haryest. Only the most thoroughly. callous
brigandsdo that. Mést'banditry takes place in the weeks
after harvest, when the bahdits can claim their share of
the newricé grains. Incountries so full of people, it's easier
to find more laborers than it is to get more land under
cultivation, and.only great magic can pe a crop once
damaged along the way.

Other crops also grow, eeophiseh rom wheat to silk.
Rice is the universal erop, hi owe ver, the dne' ial formany

\

philosophers marks the presénce of civilized humanity:

‘Vignettes of Farm Life:

While on some other mission, the wu finds devas-
tated rice paddies: dikes brokesti jelds pollutéd, no one
working. It's either planting or harvesting time, one of
those critical moments.when the work . get done,
Without help; the. villagers will die. Do ‘the Characters
help? sit ajust punishment oran evilwarranting Heaven's
wrath? Where is duty whemsuffering calls? Do the charac-

* Aers even care about mortal pain and starvation?

© The wu passes a series of healthy fields on.its way
to the néxttown. Many opportunities forsmall encoun-"
ters arise along the way. Farmers often work before dawn.
_and after sunset. Children tend the gates of irrigation
~ systems. It's a standard of,romantic stories for aypassing
‘stratiger to fall in love with a beautifultmaiden working
"in the fields; creatures asdriven as'the Wan Kuei may

welll fulfill the cli¢hé = at least until theirs monstrous
nature comes-to the fore.

Ih some parts of the Fourth Age Middle Kingdom,
wilderness presses. close,-such as in the mountains of
"Japan and Korea. In others, it's far from anywhere. the
"characters might go.Almost all of eastérn Ghina, for
instance, has been settled for hundreds or thousands‘of-
years,jand the landscape is altogether tame. Wherever
the landsis wild, it holds a combined fascination and
‘terror for.civilized mortals.

Chinese-influenced notions of "wilderness" usually
feature mountains. ‘The steep-sloped,. round-topped
mountains of Chinese painting aren't just stylized —
they-really exist high up'the great river valleys. Beyond

~ them, the.Himalayas, Tien Shan and other mountain
ranges separate the Middle Kingdom from the barbarian
"sgvorld'beyond. The peakshold the fuins of ancient cities,
human and otherwise, and wide variety ofmonsters, in
»_ faddition tothe purely natural. terrors of desolation,

ie and the like.

yt

}

*


er mo! ters, butg
a all the dread they inspire. In
seas a boundary as' ‘strongly as-the
. Explora' aldo occuts toleaderginflu-
yy the ‘Chinese classics and their counterparts in
ef a great, philosophies place

5 while is.

rather

e things that rise

known tO the wi "find a
belongings ita narrow
e characters i investigate? Were the

bandits or something more formidable?
in thé-area deimand atténtion?
WS,.a ars Weather forces the

2 Ke dsut lies? wu does:

Many old hermit just what th

"So men and women of advanced years — but someé'a

Ae ra substantially mote»The:world' of Blood eee,
. many sorts of shen who may not advertise theirprésence.

eget the power ofa

Nor should any Wan Kuei unde

mortal driven by Tue Faith.» _- =
‘ The characters cross An anteient ba ba eground i in
* some > distant désert, where an oasis oncé brought-war
4 ds together for.control of a.trade route. While
st dying the'femains ofthe fallen, they suddenly con-
font one or more chih-méi, who fecognize in the Wan
something /of kinship. What is _the-charactets'
iOn to these: fortunates,r ed tothe world

™ od

features

arrenispot? — & f
~~ i
‘. te Pe
i 88 a8
themes pierentedi ahi Kindegd of the as
t

‘The W: 7e'somnewhat
rm sade ints rsuig internal"harmony than theif
é successo) of the Fifth Age: They face, if anything;
bs a peatet Mptations*to Stasis and mental ossifications,
_ « because the societies they live in haven't yet collapsed
Under the weight ‘of outside pressures. The emperor
maintainsiorder much ‘Of the time, and the institutions
that preserve~tradition function as well as .ever.'The
"great court purge: the formation of the Quincunx lie
in the future of, | & Silk, maps only as s dsturh

ing dreams for opheti A
& The Beall tencrtalt icceptance of. the super-
~ natural allows Wan oP fhore latitude for self-indul-

Bioop & Sir

gence. Wan Kuei in an isolated region can set them-
selves up as'veritable gods ahd feed dark passions for
years on'end before justice comes, if it ever does. In
the face of such license, the great courts intensify
their demands for conformity. The extremes feed
each other. In the end, these tensions help' set the
scene for later tragedies.

"Trapjrjon Versus New Ways

«Any chronicle*featuring innovative ideas in the
~ Foutth Age likely includes crossovers with Western
mortals and shen; there's littlein.the way of deliberate
» social innovation in China and the surrounding lands,
only improvisation inthe face of hardships. Asian
tradition says that anything of value was originally
discovered by the ancient sages, to whom all others
‘compare unfavorably. A, Westerner with a valuable
technique or idea can scarcely have inyented it him-

__ self. Either it's the descendant of an ofiginal Asian

‘versionyor it's a novelty of less value than it seems. The
» notion that outsiders really bring tools that Asians
‘must take seriously. won't settle in for centuries yet.
The.major clashes in the Fourth*Age pit existing
saab ntes against-each other. Should the emperor
sponsor a scholarly. effort to produce a new grand
synthesis of Confucian ideas so that he may govern
more virtuously, or should he embrace the Legalisti¢
"view. of arbitrary and constructed law? Should a new
settlement on the frontier carry its inhabitants' old
shrines or adopt the gods of the new land?*Should
military governors impose the conquerors" ways on
their subject people, or should the subjects be leftto
their ignorance, unfit for anything better? These are
thé issues thatdivide the mortals and shen who debate

». how to rule.
~

Group Versus juojvipuar

Fourth Age Wan Kuei can exercise temporal power
-over mortals, if theyso choose. All the major philosophies
and folk religions make allowances for rulers in "unusual"
circumstances" Mortal assistants help cover their superi-

inthe! Naa Age environm
3 present'some
‘this * \eots'infirmities, motivated by anything from selfish power-

lust to the belief that the Wan Kuei really do rule better

than mortals. So, the question of whether to take part in

society; as oneself or in disguise, or to opt out for solitary
"pursuits is-one with meaningful consequences.

The courts-do not directly engage in mortal leader-
ship, but the ancestors advise War' Kuei who choose to
take up power. The risks aré formidable; it's very difficult
to make Dharmic progress in the midstof the clamor of
mortal concerns. On the other hand, some Dharmic
steps can't be taken in isolation, either. Hermits:as well
as kings face stasis ifthey bind themselves too tightly to
oné social tole.

Characters who" choose to. participat€ in mortal
institutions face few of the threats later eras present. The
Shih and other potential hunters strike only when they

bee

ee

ae

\

Cuarrer Five: Taues oF Six

see horrendous abuse of supernatural advantages. Folk
tales prepare people, With accounts of kings and priests
who come from the mysterious realms beyond the world.
Unfortunately, "most such inhuman rulers eventually
come to a bad énd, as pride and carelessness,set them up
for a final fall. Sufficiently. self-critical Wan Kuei with-
draw from power when tliey detect the early signs of self-
deception; but more*or-less by definition, it's hard to
notice one's own blindness. Nor do criticisms from their
fellow vampifes necessarily help, as there's always room
to attribute a warning to jealousy or ambition rather
than legitimate concern. Dharmic enlightenment is
ultimately focused.on the self and lage ae
with day-to-day rule.

It's actually easier to hold power 3 eld sdciety
than to try toblend inas just ‘another person-In time, all
Wan Kuei reveal themselves, deliberately or acciden- >
tally. Bystanders are more likely to regard a vampire

hidden among them as‘6ut to doithem hariethan if the \"

vampire openly acknowledges her Special , status and
seeks their obedience. A righteous vampire, ‘@fter all,

may make a formidable magistrate, executing her own"
sentences in addition to using her powers to-fertet out
the truth. A dedicatedvampire priest has the unique

/ advantage of being able'to go speak with the spirits.in®

their native lands. These things are strange but' not
necessarily fearsome in. the way that a deliberately con:
cealing "average" life is. i

REDEMPTION VERSUS Daigle "fe
The Wan'Kuei stand poised on the brink of fe

tion r damnation ahd scarcely realize thée.full dimen:

Sions of their situation./After millennia of labor, they |
possess reliable guides to conquering ‘thei, inner'wea
nessés and earning Heaven's favor. The societ
them receive them with few-questions. As their)
cessots did long ago, they prepare to toss it all

one
indulgence. This is @time when the Wheel of the/ f

"could toll one' way or another, and_the-Wan_ ‘Kuei -

Collectively help steer the world toward,sorrow:

Is the Cycle of the Ages foredoomed? Cart it-be—
changed? Sages argue the matter, and in the face of the -
August Personage's»silence, there's no way to know for
Sure. Fate is surely a convenient justification for one's own.
failures. Yet fate demonstrably does exist, pushing souls of
all sorts in accordance with directives.the Rapeigns:
may never know.

Karniic' debt brings Wan Kuei back into iS world.
Karmic debt drives them to acts' of blindnéss and. to
énlightenmenteIt should be clear and obvious what to do

S and what to refrain fromdoing, but few Wan Kueiever get

i€'tight: The sun has fotted away the corpses of many
yamtpires who came to take theirown willas the sole guide
t6/proper conduct. They chose their damnation drat least
tefuséd their salvation. 4

ManysWan Kuei, having faced the truth of Hell
once; prefernot to face it again. They actept the fact of

<> and a few impressive shows of Chi will win.themhigh

theirexistenée because they must and simply choose not
to dwell on what it implies. Vigordus denial encourages:
Wan Kuei to become new devil lords; while more;

sive denial leaves Wan Kuei open to the manipulati
of their more drivenkin. On the other hand, overzeali

Wan Kuei to decide that anything and everything |
in pursuit of theirtespective destinies. Thé Yama Ki
ifeast richly on the suffering that all these various sorts

fools.create. |
Is there a hope in Heaven, Earth or Hell forthe Wan ©
Kuei? Yes. Enlightenmentis real. Mastery overone's own —
limitations and progress toward the truth éan happen. But.
ithe toad is'so long and'so hard, and so many stumble on ~~
"it. Out of the gap between it ey likely teality, © \
"tragedy springs. is : x

ets a

All the societies of the Fourth Ageaccept.a social —
hierarchy in which leadership is amattér of moral truth: /

as well as politieal'expedience. Pritices prevail because | hag /
Heavenwills that lesser soulssubmit to greater. Dnlyi
lunatics and visionaries Suggest otherwiseyand society,
rejects, ‘them both: Wan Kuei participatein theit own |

as well' asthe social Pyragiis that order - '

ae

| be
a the Wan Kuei courts all elevate the most_
erceptive, most spiritually advanced vampites to poz

itions of leadership. In pi >, corniption-takes its "
ious schemers win t ie places thatrightfully
Tess brutal or driv ‘vampires. Once estab-

ce senlimeniad ce
stices accumulate in suffi-
at ater to fie sma all ais ancient courts; in
varying degree. jer a .

"Playing the camellleian Kuei polities takes care.
_ Young.vampires. who think that-a good line-of patter _

status face harsh Correction. Cleyer'schemers need to
"statteby,identifying elders willing to put fhorally flex-.
ible. students to,use "then -gradually*carve out a'
niche for themselves Remember that' some vampires
see Very clearly indeed and that a purge may begin at
any moment: Would-be schemers must stand ready to.
account for their actions. Keep in mind that one ofthe
‘best explanations is the, truth; doing some genuine
good deeds and hélping advance the grand march of ,,
the Wah Kuei toward perfect harmony and ‘mastery
covers a multitude of sins. a:
Bix.

The Torwng Ace'

The exact tugning of the Age is deliberately vagte

+— it is only énretrospect that the*key events in the
change will bécome clear. As Stotyteller, this gives you ;

-the leeway to determine dates that. best -suit your


~aul" chronicle. The Age may change.in 1197 itself or not for
centuries: femay be a sudden shift or a progressive affair
* with certain Courts (or individuals) "debasing" them-
f /selves long béfore others. Onfice you have adate in mind,
4 of course, wrap the truth in as many layers of in-charac-
*ter speculation and dissension as you.can muster. The
players;should'‘never be certain about such things — at
least not until far into the¢hronicle.
oy % Avchroniclefocuséd onthe change of the Age
| #should evoke a certainbfatalism. Characters face the
tangible fact that ehe worldidrifts ever further from. its
creator's dream of harmony. Whether they embrace the
darkness themsélves or try to hold-inoff, there can be
little question/that the bottom of the Cyele of history
draws neat. Whatever Victories*the characters win for
wae enlightenment, larger failuré'loom.
¢ characters may. be among,the few woices of
~ wisdom i in a corrupt-and degaying court. They may be
"part of a court. where: the ancient: truths. still-earn
"prespect and stand alongside aficient yampires against
1. 4S encroaching horrors. They may try to step away from
Sl
Wan Kuei society"to promote their goals, wicked or
otherwise, among mortals. The changing, Age»affécts
theriy all. The world's decline will, sooner or later,
reach inside to change their own souls, as discussed in
the mechanics for the Age's change. Beyond some
threshold, it doesn't matter how. they feel about.it:
They have to deal with it anyway.
re This doesnot meartthere is no room forhope. You
. * ‘ean judge that the.characters. somehow. forestall or
even avert the shift in the Ages if you want (although
that is perhaps too grand for a horror game). More
plausibly, the characters cam achieve personal victd-
> "Ties in the face of universal degradation. In.a crum-
"S". bling gourt, preserving somé traditions, stavingvoff
5 akuma and laying the se€ds forafuture renaissance are

all great yictories,

Notts on Crossing Over

World of Darkness: Blood & Silk is principally a
historical supplement for Kindred of the East, and so;
= "much of the advicé inthis chapter deals with chronicles
centéted almost exclusively on Wan Kuei. The Middle
Kingdom has a diverse supérnatural population, how-
eyer, including powerful spirits, ghostly armies ‘of the
dead, shape changing Ferocious People. and nefarious
wizards. The next chapter provides a great deal of insight
on thesé, various supernatural creatures,»called shen.
They can'appear in'a variety.of roles, as,allies, enemies
or contacts.
But a broader ‘crossover.is possible. Wan Kuei
Wcharacters.of Fourth Age'can — in'some circumstances
— find commonground with characters drawn from
Vampire: The Dark Ages; Mage: The Sorcerérs Cru-
* sade or Werewolf: The Apocalypse (using material
from the Werewolf: The Dark Ages or Hengeyokai

Bioop & Six

Long Term Pray

Like Vampire: The Dark Ages, Blood &
Silk lends itself to chronicles that span the cen-
turies. Of course you cannot roleplay every minute
or even every decade of such a chronicle. The
best bet is to have long periods of down time with
unique events drawing the characters together
for a story every few decades or centuries.

To cover the extensive downtime, you should
allow for character development along the s
lines as during a prelude. Let the characters

me

pursue personal goals and achieve things. B:
ased on the events in dov
time and your appre Use the following simple
mechanic for other Traits: Award 2 experience
points for every 10 years of downtime (these can
be spent on Traits or saved up as normal), and
have the player make one auspicious occasion
and one act of blindness roll for each period of
downtime, regardless of its length. You can ad-
just the difficulties if the character has spent the
downtime doing especially appropriate things
for his Dharma or in activity likely to engorge
the Demon.

Those who want a more detailed s
dealing with downtime may wish to cor

grounds can shift

em. for
It any of
the Transylvania Chronicles series or the Vampire
Storytellers Handbook.
en running a long-term, chronicle, you
will also have to deal with the effects of chang-
ing to the Fifth Age. See page 107 for determin-
ing when individual characters start to use mod-
Page 25 also
provides a variety of portents of the change of

ern Disciplines and Dharmic rules

Age, which you may use in your chronicle z

Ss you
see f

supplements for that game)..Having players portray
different denizens of the World of Darkness can be very
tricky, however: Keep the following advice in mind
when going this route.

JusTFCATION

Monsters do not easily find common cause. Wan Kuei
and Cainites do not understand eachother, and what they,
do understand, they dislike. The same can be said for
Xiong Ren shapechangers and most othershen. Mages are

likely to see all other creatures as ingredients or subjects
for experimentation. And most every creature Competes
for power at dragon nests.

To create an enjoyable story, you and your ‘troupe
must créate a plausible reason for a.gagglé of shen .to.
cooperate. The easiest solution is to come up with an
extraordinary circumstance that justifies a short-term


wy

Cure Fives Taues or Sax 5 ‘

Blfacce: Imagine ‘that the elder of a Xiong Ren Beast
Court has gonémissingin acity. The ancestor of the Wan
Kuei court) to' avoid a war, pledges ‘that some-of his
followers will find the elder weretiger. The Beast Court
agrees, on the Condition that a few of their own aecom-
pany the vampiric investigators.

This options. stretches credibility ee than a wu
including four different trous species, and it allows
you to puta time limit on the cooperation. if the troupe
manages to uild paths to oor during the initial
Story, you can continue. If not, you have an easy way to

break ofeeas ‘move ou other tales.

ere many liccal
sorts of spiritual powers. When the p
spells circulate, it actually matters w!

__. charge of the spot the characters now occupy. Do Wan

Kuei Disciplines workvoutsi boundaries of the
Middle Kingdom? Does the ritual Which determines
casual and vain-magic in the'*Middle Kingdom (see pe
148) apply in your chronicle? How do localiparadigms
matter? Can Cainite vampires Embrace in a realm that
fejects Caine's curse? You need to think about these

matters before players lemand or invent answers of
» theirown.

The, simplest ‘approach (and+the one followed-in\

official releasés) is to say that"each sortiof character

follows his own tules wherever hé is., You should"not
~think of this as a cop-out answer; sinice.the

rig
define the different sortsi6fvampire ia

bs i in part.

,

on

‘Add cosmological complication only when youfeelit,
will enrich your chronicle. For instance, Wan Kuei Di:
plines may depend onthe expressed, albeit distorted,
of the August Personage in Jade, who holds no auth

the spirit worlds:close to Earth beyond the boars of t
Middle Kingdom.

Ruis

The Vampire Storytellers Handbook offers a very
comprehensive set of guidelines for adjudicating thein=
terplay of vampiric disciplines with magic and_other
forces: If youdon't want to rely on the answers there, you
can-apply a modicum of common sense to settling most =
disputes. The midst probable source of complications is + \

‘the ease with which Mage spheres can affect Wan Kuei.

4

The answer is a simple one: Require Spirityand perhaps
also Prime, for effects targeted at Wan Kuei. Afterall, the

Wan' Kuei draw on.a process established. by the August
Personage in Jade himself and are anchored verydeeply in. » 7
the universe ofthe Middle Kingdom. s

CuLrurE ey,

Sogial issues matter at leastvas eich aa lean ich "7 \
ones."Above all,-Keep'in mind that Eastern: characters
know yery little about those in the West, and vice versa."
At can all very easily degenerate into a mindless*brawl. \
Prepare matters of common interest for characters com>
ing form different cultures — a-rare scholarly work for
intellectual characters, perhaps a sanctuary in the midst
of war ot wilderness for more physical characters.



Cuaprer Six: Barsanjans ann SHEN

135

CNAPTER SD
EAREARTANS
AND SHE

The flow of the river ts ceaseless and its water is

never the same.

— Kamo no Chomei, Hokoki

Tue Suen

The Wan»Kueéi are far from being the* Middle
Kingdom's only supernatural inhabitants. Beyond the
many spirits of the land, they share the night with
shapechangers, displaced demigods and tireless hunters.
A Blood)& Silk chronicle need never include these
various shen, but,they can addia whole other dimension to
play. The following'sections provide brief overviews of
the shapechangers, hsien, mages, ghosts and demon hunt-

ers of the late FourthAge.

Xjong Ren

The Xiong Ren — the Ferocious People, the
shapeshifters of the East — spend their days in the
Middle Kingdom with an innatesbalance that other
shen ean only envy. Whilé the WanKuei struggle
between the demands of'Yin and Yang, Hun and P'o,
the Ferocious People tie togéther vital energies, hu-
manity and beast, with seemingly little éffort. It is the
gift of the Emérald Mother to her people.

Their shen peers have not always held the Fero-
cious, People in such esteem. In the days of the late
ThirdAge, the Ten.Thousand Immortals, fully of
overweening pride, looked down from thein@audy

,
The Meanjng oF "Xjong Ren"

' Throughout this book, the shapeshifters who
will by the modern day be called hengeyokai, "Chang- 4

§ ing Phantoms," are referred to by the Chinese name
Xiong Ren. The phrase translates quite literally to
"Ferocious People," emphasizing their dual natures
as man and beast. The majority of the Beast Courts
of the 12th century use the Chinese language as their
common tongue, as geography dictates. Because the

+ Beast Courts include many different types of }

shapechangers, using breed-specific languages is

imprecise at best; thus, the name Xiong Ren is

considered the most appropriate and the least likely

to offend. \

palaces and bloody temples and decided that the
werectéatures were too crude and too dangerous. The
Wan Xiamcame down to walk among those who were
once alliés and spread rumors of corruption and dis-
sent. They fanned the flames of the skirmishes that
followed and returned to their strongholds as all-out
war enveloped the Beast Courts of the Emerald
Mother. This bloody conflict is remembered as the
War of Shame.

136 Bioop &

Though fooled once, and at extraordinary cost, the pened with disquieting speed in the eyes of the Wan
Ferocious People would prove the Wan Xian the greater Kuei. The Ferocious People somehow remember, in
foo! _The Xiong Ren looked up from their internecine alarming detail, events that no being'still living wit-

s the Okuma bear-shifters were nessed. The vast majority of the talés fromthe turning

nake-} people nearly extin- of the Age speak of betrayal and corruption, but some

d very few tell of acts of valor and sacrifice by the Wan

Xian. In the few places where those'stories are still told
they turned on the Wan Xian, their b with reverence, the Wan Kuei and the Xiong Ren cam,
battle by the noble Hakken general Chi exist side by side. Where'suchwtineasy peace exists, the -
claimed ent from the August Personage wise ancestor keeps Running Monkeys on a short leash'
e and limits their contact with thé Beast Courts. The ~

mbitions of the or dead erode peace treaties with

avenged imagined slights. Their rage

t escape judgment, however. west, the mountains and aaeee of the south, the
irit world from the physical steppes of the north— provide vast areas where the Xiong
V anently in their fleshly bodey Ren and theWan Kuei cancoexist relatively peacefully.
ies —some of the shi ngers lost their ability to step » ‘Dragon nests are comparatively plentiful, and Wan Kuei
into the spirit tirely. Chi You, the Hakken _ willing to live rustically and simply are seen (correctly or
general, knew laws of Heaven and accepted incorrectly) by the Ferocious People as wiser than their
punishment if of hiswa for the crime of urban counterparts. In the central and eastern areas, the
taking up arn risinghuman population hashemmed the Xiong Ren into
No mattersh unrighteous i small areas around their sacred sites. The Wan Kuei grow
had beco ot th i in power and number with the swelling tide of humanity,
to strikeithe 0 - if "making the Ferocious People wary and angry —and often
G
this, tl eay 9
the Ya ‘ fe . Pe
the : e Other breeds may lay first claii to the' ile of
Xiong cll s i Mwarrior, but the Hakken arelwithout question the sol,
Hell eo tn of the Ferocious People. They are suited to serve i
said that r Brew gi t ong le asked of them in the Beast Courtsjand do so
Ferocil er useaioen 5 esitation. The Way of Emerald Virtu. e-
inferndiite , oe 6 = t ely with their native Litany, and so, they quickly
millennls gain Honor and Glory in their chosen courts.
with Chi Yor e And yet, so many Hakken choose not to. Werei
the walls of heh slose You hasn for the demands of duty, most Hakken would
since, and his : Tei of t ose to remain Within packs and septs of their or ow:
Ancestors among, the Yang R 7 ‘ind. It wasnot always this ways=the H:
The Ferocio not théfitst toeethe horrible truth behind the War

-

and fractious. The w Shame, were in the vanguard of the army that battled
fought Beast Court Xian across the Middle Kingdom until.the
On the one hand, tion offHeaven. In the last 100) yea

n have retreated from the mainland, taking
amongithe peopleoftthe islandsof Nihon, thereby
ir fates to their new home with the bonds
Their name itself — Hakken — is .iewly
nd still fits as uncomfortably as a new shoed
Perhaps the Hakken are still smarting from ‘the twé
bloody wars, or perhaps the judgment of Heaven upon
with the breach opened so long their ancestor, Ghi You, has caused them deep shame.
strength of purpose and an unswe Sen ce The Ferocious People of the mainland prefer to is
Beast Courts are slowly regaining their lo: that it is the second; it would be disgraceful to consid
Xiong Ren gather under their banners to form sen' the sons and daughters of the wolf cowards.
honor of Gaia and Luna. The Hakken have donewelliin their néw home. They.
While the return to power and prominence may, have nurtured the warriors there along a path'
seem slow to the hot-blooded Xiong Ren, it has haps 2d duty, until the best of these human samurai rival the

require peace and coop
On the other hand, angr
handed down for generations
of the past not be forgotten, |
Beast Courts of the Emeral

main among their own bree¢
litanies and paths — this is the


}
P

Djscjpiines AND Gjrrs

The sample Xiong Ren characters given in this
section are listed with their appropriate Traits
Rage and Gnosis — rather than the Hun, P'o and
Chi traits possessed by the Wan Kuei. If it is neces-
sary to convert these Traits, Rage can become the
P'o score, and Willpower the Hun; Gnosis can
n and Yang Chi rating. The
sample characters below are listed with Gifts (from
Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Hengeyokai:
Shapeshifters of the East and the Werewolf Play-
ers Guide) rather than equivalent Disciplines,

¢ itis incredibly difficult to represe
irming aspects of the Ferocious People

become a balanced

the life-a
through the cold, dead arts of the Wan Kuei.

If you would pref
in strictly Kindred of the East terms, see Chapter
Eight of that book, p. 201, for a summary of
hengeyokai powers. The destructive abilities com-
mon to all Xiong Ren in greater or lesser degree
can be simulated by the Demon Arts of the Wan
Kuei: All shapeshifters have the ability to spend
Rage (as per Demon Chi) to gain extra actions as
per Black Wind and to assume animal or half-
animal war forms with characteristics such as the
claws, wings and fangs detailed in Demon Shintai.
Ferocious People who have taken on the role of
warriors can be designed with the warlike Disci-
plines of Iron Mountain and Kiai (from Kindred
of the East Companion). Sagacious Ferocious

to consider the Xiong Ren

People may have mastered the Yin or Yang Pranas,
Chi Disciplines like Equilibrium or even the Soul
Discipline of Chi'iu Muh. Scouts benefit greatly
from the abilities granted by Godbody of Earth.
All of these Disciplines, when used by the Xiong
Ren, are divorced from any demonic taint; while
the Xiong Ren have both Hun and P'o, their souls
are not divided as those of the Wan Kuei, and the
P'o cannot take over. Other abilities will com-
monly include the ability to heal, to talk with and
invoke spirits, to read or speak to minds and to
influence emotions.

Storytellers and players who plan to extensively
include the Xiong Ren in their chronicles will ben-
efit greatly from picking up a copy of Hengeyokai.

werewolves themselves in deyotion. They have fought to
keep the islands safe from the incursions of Yomi, and for
the most part, they have beenssti€cessful. The greatest
threat to their lands is the Kumo, and the Hakken have no
mercy to spate for their fallen shapéchafiging brethren.

The Hakken share auspices, breeds and forms with
the Garou werewolves of the West. Those who choosé to
joinséntai and unite with the Beast Courts of the Emerald
Mothemmay also choose Xiong Ren gifts.

StarGazeR WEREWCLVES
Werewolves of the Stargazer tribe are as com-

mon in the Middle Kingdom as they are everywhere

not very. Stargazers travel singly
with the reputation of
Most
zers are not part of the Beast Courts, althou

that is to say,
and in mentor-student pair.
bringing interesting events in their wake
Starg:
they are generally treated politely and welcomed for
short stays. In times of great need, available Starg:
ers may volunteer for places in wave sentai — they
do not make such offers lightly, and the offer is
usually seen as an indication that the road ahead is
rough. Those few Sta rs who have permanent
places in the Beast Courts have generally been
found as lost cubs and taught the ways of the Emer.
ald Mother from their earliest changing days. Even
if these Garou leave the courts to embrace their
Star omed
For more
information about the Stargazers, see Werewolf:

The

er heritage, many return and are w
back in the name of the Emerald Moth

pocalypse and Tribebo:

The Khamaré'the warriors of the Ferocious People;
only the Hakken werewolves of Nihon and the north ¢an
match their ferocity on the battlefield. The weretigéts are
the only ones of the great cat-shifters to pledge their
allegiance to the Beast Courts in any number. The others
are too solitary or their kinfolk are too rarely seen in
China for them to promise their lives to the Beast Kings
of the East; the few Bagheera snowleopardswho grace thé
mountain topsiofthe west are the next greatest in number,
but _theyseschew even the rudimentary politics of the
Beast Courts. The Khan serve the Courtsiloyallysindeed
a few Khan'standaas kings.

For the most part, the:Khan.es¢hew weaponry such
as klaives; they prefer to fight with fist, tooth and claw.
Butasfew of them wield powerful reli¢ weapons, such as
the Hammier of Zhao. No Khan willjwield a fetish
weapon that Was.not created for a weretiger's.use; his
pride is too great to let him accept hand-me-downs from.
Hakken or Same-Bito.

While the Khan of China are loyal first and foremost
to their liege lords, they remain on good terms with the
Khan of the distant West. Periodically a great summons
willoccur in one 6fthé kingdoms of India, and all Khan
are expectedto attend these convocations. They are
usuallyjan excuseito socialize and exchange stories, as well
as catch up with old acquaintances, but the Khan also
share battlé taetiésyand intelligence on the activities of
the Great Centipede,

The'Khan cannot enter the Yang Realms on their
Own; only through the use of powerful Gifts from the
Emerald Mother or with the aid of a sentai-mate can
they be pulled across the Wall. However, weretigers do

138 ®
maintain their own "Den-Realms," which are small by the Kumo and can only con
pockets of the Yang Realm that they have extracted Yama Kings. ,
through the Wall and made their own. The Kumo do not joifi the Beast
5 = ever made the offer; ifone were toj it
Sie site. down. Goblin
The Kitsune are a stra reed among the courts, where
Ferocious People. They were brought into existence by occasionally
Gaia's hand in the throes of the War of Shami@and grew Courts to fig
up as a race in the chaos that accompanied th ing that the Spid s iend the enemy an
of the Third Age. They did not fight the Wam Xian; turn on thei ier ins tters little tol
de for fighting, and they were little the Kumo . , i

the time. The Kitsune have spent from, A

having come too late, but it is ait eworse
é clearer, perhaps, why Gaia sent

anging cousins, pped away
: g abstract forces of destruction and formed
eis tr ne did not fight the Wan Xian. dis arrangements with very concrete forces of cor-
But the Kitsune also t fight the Hakken or the Khan Q se Kumo make their homes
or the Nagah or the'Tengu — they alone, of all the breeds, a th from Yomi to the
carry no blame for't ar of Shame. In the Fourth Age 12 . In ex assage and hunting
that followed the War, the Kitsune who chose to join the 5 e : rs and spies for the
Beast Courts 9 Emerald often serve as ambas- ak ca 10 good reason to leave
sadors to nei 8 Co peace-keepers within fe thing a Scarlet Path
their own.The g inded honors and be up to is kidnapping a mate — these
egos of the Feroci Every owly from such } are not even trusted by their own kind in
transgre S en busy for centu i ey are often seen in the company
as inte! e it role inishing now s tkuma.and worse.
the tal ae y oe ae ange ve in the crumbling

, be-

tongues
werefoxe
a long- ee t
ambassad oarolling pi i long journey,
entendres ig ails at the @ inj ; r webbed
celebration.
While the
People, the Kitsut
Middle Kingdom.
ing the innocent, bt
to cause suffering ma
In a world full of cor
jealous consorts and even th : 5 ro g
in virtue, the Kitsune find enoug 4 wed arms, glowing eyes an
selves busy. e Goblin Spider fo

is on feet tall

shoulder, possesses fangs dripping with veno
Ke Th ee és A . " capable of spinning webs that.can entrap
SO Spiers ay ‘ fe weretiger. Their fi

io

lands of the Middle Kingdom of hundreds and Sdvokepid

the very first sign that perhaps Some b
entirely right with the Ten Thousand De eee { a oom
profess loyalty to the entity the Beast Courts ki Naga Wi

the Centipede and the European Garou as the Wyrm; The Nagah hi ,
outsiders, caring little for the werespiders' philosop blessed before their bifa n Vis

cal leanings, see the carnage and corruption wrought). of the Great Serpent before the universe


Cuapren Sixt Banzanjans ano SHEN

They were blessed at their making, to be chosen by the
River, whom they revere as a Third Mother. Sadly, this
eternal blessing has had seemingly little benefit to the
Nagah's worldly existence.

The Nagah were eatly'targets of the Corrupt Wan
Xian, who feared their discernment and their,ability
to smell out deceit. The Wan Xian whispered, of
corruption among the judges of the Emerald Courts —
after all, whowas there to judgéithe judges? The other
Ferocious Peoples listenéd and grew suspicious; the
Nagah do not blame the others for their€ar,(for a
traitorous wereserpent would bey and once was, a
terrifying thing indeed. But they do blame'the other
bréeds for their clouded sight, for failing to look for
themselvesjand for failing to see thé corruption that
todk=hold of the Beast Courts as the insinuating
whispers did.their work. Still, when the treacheryof,

the»Wan Xian Wasediscoyéred, the Nagah did not |

shirk from the battle that followed, fighting with
venomous fangs and razor-sharp claws alongside those
who hadisought their blood.

After thé:turning of the. Age, the Nagah pulled away
from the society,of the Beast Courts, retreating to their
ancestral rivers. They have allowed the shen of the Middle
Kingdom to believe them déad — and,in truth, there are
Je8sthan 200 Nagah alivetoday. They watch the affairs of
the Ferocious People from a distanceygiving anonymous
assistance where they can. They hide in their safe places
—rivers, Ananta spirit-realms, temples of Vishnu— and
husband their strength.

Some of the Nagah will clearly never trust_the
Ferocious Reople, or any shen, again. A small groupiof!
individuals ealling themselves the Scarlet Hood, their
number and identity unkniown'even to other Nagah,

punishes offending shen and mortals»withsalgrowing ~

lack of discretion. The penalty for offenses ranging
from cheating at dice to high treason is the same — a
brutal death. The Wani, the spirits who guide the
Nagah, speak of theirdispleasure; the Nagah braceifor

Kingdom again ordeal with the Scarlet Hoods among
their own kind.

The Nagahiare capable of assumingsfive formsya!

human form, a near-human form, the forms of normal

and»giantssérpents) and a terrifying, cobra-like war

form. In their war form, the Nagah can crush oppo=

nents in 20 feet or more of serpentine coils, bite with"

incredibly toxic venom or rakepat.foes with their
brutal claws. The Nagahdo show oneyclear sign of
their blessed nature; their metis are untouched by
deformity and fertile. It is*¢ertainly possible that,
without this slight advantage, the Nagah might have
perished as did the Okuma.

Nezum; Wererats
Fi, The Childrenof Rat are more often found on the
islands of Nihon than on the mainland, "but. they are

.Same-Bito, who call themselves
the day that they mustshowithemselves in the Middle ~ e|

139

common to cities on both sides of the water. In China they
are called shubei, which literally translated means "ratlike
scoundrel." The Nezumi are the Ferocious People who
most regret the passing of the Impergium; their skills at
stalking unseen through cities give them a huge advan-
tage in the game of killing masses of mortals. Even now,
the fires that spread through coastal cities such as Linan
and Shanghai can sometimes be traced back to a frus-
trated Child of Ra

of Low War: They
dig laigiiachine w ware

those places to practice stealth, spy

what sewer tunnels exist in the ancient coastal cit!
they donot mind the filth or stench, and some of thei
even cultivate the diseases such foul spirits bring.
Nezumi are divided into four castes: Seers, who
agical ritual; Tunnel Run-
ngers; Skulkers, who are
0 are noisier killers.

talés of the Sharks of the Dragon Kings.
Since the dawn of the Fourth Age, the Sam

haye gradually grown more civilized. Their earli

cessors were mad with blood ie and were co!

territory. Some
kea, ignore the
the bloody, un-
ess and i

ySensei Mizuchi and live i
thinking oldiways. The Rokea are seen
the Fourth Ag 'y claim much of ¢
Sea,as their‘own an
exparises of free oce:
Sathe-Bito, of course,
territory of the Dragon
‘Open ocean and their

n all directions. Honorabl

concerned only with the
s and ignore the call of the
ime tribesmen. When Same-
nter one another, the result is
t is not uncommon for only one
survive the meeting of Same-Bito

‘o breeds of Same-Bito: The rarer
an stock, while the far more

eresharl
rongo i oO

Co pg are

"wereshark can cross
others must learn high-
Wall by others. The S:

el Gifts or be led through the
ito have three auspices: The

S
ANSI

oS

x
EN

Boop & Six

Karui are warriors, born during daylight; the Koshuku
are speakers, born during dawn ontwilightjandithe Irono
are scouts, born, at night.

Tengu Wereravens

No race of the Ferocious Peoplessaye the Nezumi can:
match the Tengu's ability to ferret out humanity's secrets.
But while the Nezumi paw through garbage' and listen
through basementwalls, the Tengu fly above the humans'
filth and observe thegrander pattern. TheEmerald Mother
commands the Ravens of the East,toearn all things and
steal all secrets, and they happily obey Her dictates,

The Tengu are incorrigible gossips; no rumor spreads
faster than one disseminated by a weréraven. Their
best gossip comes from one particularly disturbing abil-
ity: By plucking out and eating)the eye of the recently
deceased, a Tengu can see what the corpse last saw in.
life, thereby determining the immediatecircumstances
of the person's death. This is not a trick they ate often
invited to play at parties, but,it is rather useful for
spying. Legend tells of Wan Kueiwho have died par-
ticularly inauspicious deaths rising frémYomi to find
an eye missing; due to the mystical nature ofthe
Tengu's eye-theft, the eye is gone forever. Sadly, these
rare Wan Kuei are rarely satisfied with a trade of, for
example, some tail feathers.

‘Wereravens are not warriors; they would rather fly
than fight, and their man-raven Wwar-forms ate frankly
tidiculous to behold. Theif ability to escape trickyisitua-
tions, however, is known throughout the Middle King-
dom. The wit of the Tengu isalso renowned; only the very.
cleverest of the,Ferocious People are able to render a
‘wereraven speechless. Tales abound of Tenguiwho talked
their way out ofan impossible situation and madéa profit
in the bargain.

The Tengu do fot breed like the other Ferocious
Peoplesstheir offspring are never born Tengu (though
they are Kinfolk), and they are not fertile among
themselves, evén to create metis. Théir breeds are
homid and.corvid, as with the Western Corax. To
create a Tengu childythe prospective parent wereraven.
must undergo a wrenching rite and create a spirit€gg.
This egg is then affixed to/the child of the Tengu's
choice; that child becomes a Tengu and is typically
spirited away from hisymortal family in order to learn
the truth of the world.

Zuong Long Werepracons

The Zhong Lungare the eldest of the Emerald Mother's
creatures; she sculpted them only moments after the
Scarlet Queen breathed hePiinto existencéjin. the First
Age—or, as some tales haveit, the Emerald Motheris the


a-eenoe rt zy

® elderly individuals to be comfortable trustingithem,

Cuaprer Six: Barsanjans ano SHEN

Scarlet Queen herself. Regardless, the Middle Dragons
were made before any other. The Zhong Lung say they
remember the days before the sundering of Heaven from
Earth; they remember the heroics of the Second Age and
the hubris of the Thirds

Or at least, that is their claim. Many WansKuei say
they remember the Tang dynasty, yet at least a dozen
mandarins honestly claim to have been Empress Wu's
primary adyisor during her as¢éntitoypower. Do they lie?
Do they simply remember.incorrectly? Memory is fallible.
The mind fills in absent facts. The Middle Dragons/have
millennia of memory to tap into and often can recall the
same event from many different perspectives, but each of
thdse»perspectives is clouded.by personal experience.
General factsyand»circumstances are reliably available
through.the Mnesis ability to tap the Zhong Lung racial
memory; biitedetails, names and faces are frequently,
muddled by the passagesof'time.

The Zhong Lung are the sages and scholars of the
Ferogious People; though their Archid war-form is ter-
rible andjawesome, they rarely/res6Ftto its use. Each
Middle Dragon's war-form»is unique.and) displays the
individual's personality and heritage, in addition to pro-
viding great strength and an arsenal of combat abilities.
The Homid form is that ofan ordinary human being
(though often one with the mien of a great teacher); in,
China, the Suchid form is typicallythat6fa great alligator
(though in some areas, crocodiles and even Komodo
dragons are more common).

As sages and scholars, the Middle Dragons prefer
the Stability of amountain sentai (a long term war party
with a common totem); they most often chooseyte"
settle in near a dragon nest and then work as defenders
and scholars-in-residence. More than one Zhong Lung
has a Same-Bitoas her champion andsharkeat-arms; in "9G {ise Dr
return for the weresharks' protection, the Zhong Lung | -of d gLung of the Great ' ‘| 4
help toguide the Same-Bito along the Code ofMizuchi | Long Hua watches the winds dynasties and knows the hago
as best they can. _ Hungry Dead play their games within. He knows some Wan Kuei

The Zhong Lufig fitidithemselves in an unusally, ate honorable, but they are few and far between. }
indecisive position.with regard to the Wan‘Kuei. In Attributes: Strength 4/8/6, Dexterity 3/3/2, Stamina 5/
all practicality, there occasionally comes a time when CI | ulation Appearance
the vampires mustbestrusted. The Middle Dragons
know far too much about ancientforgeven merely

141

|

however, arid the young among the Wan Kuei seemito" |
be becoming more brutal and cruel as the Age
progresses. When the choice of allies must be made,
the Zhong Lung often choose.théyoung and untested,
in hopes, of receiving a pleasant shock rather than
inevitable)disappointmént.

ous Journey; (4) Rite of the Spirit Tattoo
Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Willpower 8

of Summoning; (3) Rite of the Fetish, Rite of the Harmoni

Ko

The Hisjen

The Wan Kuei knew the hsien well itt thestimé
before the August Personage of,Jjade tuenedshis inef-
fable face from the Middle Kingdom. In those long-ago
days, the, Wan Xian and the hsien worked side by side
under the Mandate of Heaven, if not exactly in unison.
While the Wan Xian were endowedwith great freedom
of action, the Asien worked within the Gelestial Bu-
reaucracy, performing tasks assigned by their superiors
and appropriately. superyising their undetlings. They
had no envy for the Wan Xian; thedmmértals were
simply fulfilling their appointed.sole under Heaven,
and the hsien would likewise Strive to fulfill theirs. In
the course of their duties, the hsien traveled at will
among the Celestial Courts, the Yang World and the'
Middle Kingdom. They woretheir celestialformswhen-
ever and wherever they plea8ed; the humans who saw
them knew they were privileged to glimpse thé servants
of Heaven. The nobles and magistrates of the hsienythe
kamuii, were given charge of the five\eléments/them-
selves. Their servants, the hirayanu, todk thé forms of
animals as necessary to carry Messages and perform
other required tasks.

Irrevocable changes followed the Wan Xian'spun-
thinkable abuse of their power and position. The hsien,
hobbled by their position within the bureaucracy of
Heaven, were forced to make impossible choices between.
protecting their mortal and environmental charges and

disobeying the orders passed to them to make'war on the
Ten' Thousand Immortals. And&oj the hsien warred among
thémselves, against the Wan Xian and even against the
humans they were charged to serve)\Sages and)scholars
among the hsien have debated the rights and wrongs of the
matter since the turning of the Age, buteyen the most
meticulous divinations and impassioned philosophical
maneuvers cannot determine what course of action, if
any, could have averted the tragedy that was to come.

The judgment of the AugustPersonage. of Jadeswas
not swift) but itwas final. Hefurther sundéred the realms
of the spirit from the physical world and removed from
the hsien their ability to cross over from the Middle
Kingdom. To theéternal shame of the hsiengthe August
Peérsonage also required that the hsien wear forms taken
from mortalsentwining.their fate.with that of the
humans. The hsien remain effectively immortal, but
when their current body dies, they must enter another
human. corpse as their home. The terrible justice of this
decision was not immediately clear, but the hsien soon
realized that to proteétithemselves from attack they
would also need to protect the humans. This was a more
difficult task thanJever; the Ten' Thousand Demons
joined the list of humanity's predators.

And so, the hsien and the Wan Kuei parted ways.
The hsien have dividedsthemselves into three groups
identifiable by vampires; in the time after the'metingof
punishments, all of these groups struggled to find their

Caaprer Six: Banzanjans ano Sten

own ways of dealing with their stranding and dimin-
ished power. These groups are the Shinma, the Daityas
and the Kura Sau. (Though technically a term that
encompasses all hsien, Shinma is often used to refer
only to those who acceptedthe punishmentof Heaven.)

Wo Tan Mane Easy

For those who would rather not refer end-
lessly to Land of Eight Million Dreams to create
hsien for your wu to encounter, there are conve
nient equivalents right here in this book. Each of
the elemental Godbody Disciplines listed in
Chapter Four can simulate the appropriate Al
chemy quite admirably. The Storyteller may
choose to adapt the difficulty numbers required
to use the Godbody powers to reflect the hsien's
nature; lowering the difficulty for a Komuko
using Godbody of Earth is certainly reasonable,
as is raising or lowering the difficulty of invoking
Godbody powers depending on the amount of
the corresponding element nearby.

The hsien can also use a sixth Alchemy, de-
rived from their philosophy of Tao Te Hsien.
Called}

on mat

Tan, the "internal alchemy," it focuses
rs of the soul. The Chi Discipline of

Tapestry does a good job of simulating it.

The hsien's ability to communicate with the
elements does not require extensive documenta-
tion. Quite simply, elementals are inclined to be
polite and friendly to the Shinma in the absence
of a compelling cause for hostility. Shinma with
even one level of an elemental Godbody can
communicate with sentient elementals from the
spirit worlds or, to a lesser deg with the
emental substances that make up the natural world.
Shinma with two levels of a Godbody power can
alsocommand elementals into service, in addition
to the other powers provided by the Godbody

Storytellers who plan to include the hsien in
their chronicles should pick up a copy of Land of
Eight Million Dreams. For a quick summary of
hsien powers and abilities, check Chapter Eight of
Kindred of the East, pp. 208-209.

Tre Srna

The Shinma accepted the punishment of the August
Personage of Jade as graciouslyfas"¢ould be expected.
Bowing their heads under the great weightof the respon-
sibility given them, they turnedsimmediately to work,
stanching the earth's wounds and answering the prayers of
the multitudes suffering in the wake ofthe Wan Xian's
depredations. The kamuii nobles and hirayanu common-
ers alike took the misery of the humans upon themselves:
quit@literally asthey moyed to inhabit the too-plentiful

143

bodies of mortals on the brink of death, as the August
Personage of Jade commanded.

Hampered in their new forms and beset on all sides
by old enemies sensing weakness and new enemies
desperate for sustenance, the Shinma struggled always to
fulfill their duty first. This cost them dearly; while ahsien
does not die when her physical body is destroyed, her
memories and purpose are almost always forgotten as she
takes anew humanmeform. With.every minor destruction
of form camie an incaleulable loss offprecious memory —
anothet hsien who could no longer remember the glori-
ous days of the Second and Third AgesiWorse. yet, a
hsien drained of all her Chi energy truly dies — thel¥ery
energies of her soul have been sucked away, and there is
no return.

Others among the hsien abandoned their duties, turn-
ing to the Yama Kings for protection in a mad reenact-
ment of the fallfof the™fen Thousand Immortals. The
Shinma, convinced that the punishment handed down
from the.August Personage of Jade was just, held fast to
their convictions and continued with their duties, even as
more and more of their fellows were destroyed forever by
the claws, teeth and!twisted magics of other shen.

The faith of the Shinma was rewarded, at least in
part, when the monkey-spirit Hanuman was allowed to
glimpse the secrets of the universe through the teach-
ings,ofaih itinerant Taoist monk. Capitalizing cleverly
on his luck, the Monkey King stole into the Celestial
Palace and brought back the secrets that the Shinma
needed to survive. All of the hsien, still spiritual crea-
tures even when lodged in mortal shells, were greatly
Chi imbalanced. This left them nearly defenseless
againstlattacks made with opposing,Ghi. The secrets
that Hanuman shared/allowed every Shinma to incor-
pOratessOme of their opposing Chi, Yin or Yang; into
the fabric, of theirgbeing. In additién topthis basic
survival tactiey/mastered quickly by force of sheer
necessity, Hanuman deliveredsitito the hands of the
Shinma scholars the seeds of what Would become the
TaolMeHsien, a newly discovered ability to work the
naked Chi forces of the universe. Mastery of thse
forces is incredibly difficult but holds the Promise of a
Welcome return to the heavens, if not to the Celestiak
Courts themselves.

The Shinma nobility and commoners represent
and embody the five elements, one kamuii kwannon-
jin,( their word for kith)and one hirayanu kwannon-jin
to each.clement. The hou-chi and the fu hsi, the
serpent hirayanu, are aligned with wood. The chu-ih-
yu andithe tanuki, the badgers, represent metal. The
chu jungiland ‘the nyan, the cat hirayanu, wield the
power of fire. The Komuko and the hanumen (so named
in honor of the Monkey King) represent earth. The
suijensand the heng po, the carp hirayanu, are the
guardians of water.


@) -
The elemental nature of the hsien forms the basis of The kamuii nobility are often involved direct!

their more common magics. Each of the Wu Tan, the Celestial Elemental Ministri g their ap-
Five Alchemies, pertains to a single classical element: _ pointed roles after centuties of bani: com-
moners are no longer theirs to comn

unlessa noble h: wer, she mi

as honored a

work and a

the physical manifestation of the elemé
command symbolic representations of Bureaucracy, othe ;
whether the denizens of the spirit worlds oi alistic, pr a ach to p ing the natural and
al souls ae The virtue ing the countryside as itinerant
11 iors a pti atch over
ens, metal as honesty an i 1 ‘ n e oup, the
of Wu Tan, Yin Chi is used for Heaven
Yang Chi is used for construc- grees of
Yin Chi would be used in
lchemy to douse flames, while ere are more e than half a dozen smaller courts
to summon fire, even for the court itself. Individuals
urning an enemy. g to personal philoso-
: ions of these courts
werful members of
to what plots are
entigoals of their leaders are.
rarely are humans directly involved in these
n more rarely do they involve other shen
isnot unusual for the Wan Kuei to
genteel squabbles of the,Shinma

€ difficult to be
es in the chaos

oble and commoner

August Personage of J
power, individuals only seldomattain su - creator of the Ten a

The Shinma have duties to petform, at very
often lead them into physical danger, or co!
other shen. Their human bodies are fragi
longer have the freedom to travel the M
in their celestial forms. Each death wipes the slate cle
requiring the hsien to strive once again to understand
place in the universe.

responsibility t
would have si
not, he could
benevolent rule
tainly did not do, a
result. Just as a hun


145

—
the virtue and wisdom of the emperor, their suf-
fering caused by his foolishness and greed — so,
too, the August Personage of Jade must be held
responsible for the well-being of all creation. And
so, to punish the hsien, the Ferocious People and
those still virtuous among the Wan Xian for his
own blindness was at best unjust and at worst...
The very earth trembled under the weight of the
accusations.

Philosophicalifervor alone could not protect
the Daityas from the enemies arrayed throughout
the Middle Kingdom. Like all thé6ther hsien
stranded in the physical world, the Daityas Were
utterly spirit-imbalanced, easy prey for creaturés
balanced in Yin and Yang. In desperation, the
Daityas and other harried hsien turned to the
Yama Kings for protection. Bargains were made,
and dealsyweréstruck. As the corrupted power of
the Yama Kings. began to writhe through the
Spirits of the , many found themselves unable to
pay such a dear cost for their survival. Willing to
die rather than serve the Yama Kings ina mockery
of their former'state, they threw off the demonié
investments and canceled the transaction. This
has eatned them'the unending ire of the kings and
queens of the hells.

Unlike the Shinma, who took the stolen fruits of
Heaven froma monkey-spirit as their protection, the
Daityas struggled to find a way to protect themselves
through their own efforts. When their survival looked
bleak, they at last mastered the art of Chi Equilib-
rium, which allowed themto ripple Yangand Yin Chi
through their spirits as the néed_arosé.

f

Dajryas Mecnanjcs

Tosimulate the Daityas form of Chi Equi-

librium, use the Wan Kuei Chi Discipline
} Equilibrium from Kindred of the East, with {

the following change: Because the Daityas
store Yugen (undifferentiated Chi) and not
Yin and Yang Chi separately, the first level of
Equilibrium allows the hsien to temporarily
shift his permanent Chi virtues without the
listed three round activation time. The player
rolls Wits + Meditation, and each success
allows the hsien to shift one dot. The effect
lasts fora number of turns equal to the number
of successes.

The Daityas kept their elemental affilia- |
tions; their nobles and commoners still align
themselves with the five elements. The Wu
Tan the Daityas use is indistinguishable from
that used by the Shinma, except by the most
erudite of Taoist scholars. (See the Shinma
and the Wu Tan sidebar above for a brief
discussion of the Five Alchemies.)

.

146

—

Once survival was not their only immediate con-
cern, the remaining Daityas gathered to decide what
they should do. The Shinma, now their enemies, had
Already laid claimgtosthe wild places and the lightly
populated atéas. The Daityas made their claim for the
cities; unwilling to serve either Hea¥en or Hell, they
would make their way among the humans, walking
among the mortals as gods. The worshipers inthe temples
and shrines of the cities provided more than enough Chi
for the Daityas. Protecting the people and answering
theif prayers inthe old-fashioned style promisedyto
continue the bountypof Chi. Those Daityas less inclined
to pfesent a stoic front admitted a fondness for the
humans, many of whom, had fought just as bravely and
desperatély for survival as the hsien.

With their goal established, the Daityas set out to
achieve temporal power. Their methods were, by neces-
sity, distasteful. A Daityas with the good fortune to take
the body of a dying noble or a rich merchant would
firmly establish/himself in the dead man's role; then,
quietly, murdérously, he wouldsinvite other Daityas to
join the family in the bodies of freshlyislain kin. Once
this bloody work ofgenétations was accomplished, af-
fairs wentsmoothly. The humafimembers of the families
adoptediby the Daityas know the sourée of their remark-
able fortunes, and most go willingly to the knifewhen
great-grandfather's body, becomes too frail to contain
the godlike benefactor.

Other Daityas, those with the greatest ability to
remember their identities between bodies, struck out
more boldly for power. The hsien chose as targets minis?
ters, imperial concubines, princes onother highly placed
individuals; they stalked, slew arid took the bodies of their
chosen vessels. This was always dangerous — the timing
of the soul's movement is*both vitally important and
impossible to Calculate, and'such powerful individuals
were rarely unprotected. Still, ch rewards for a successful
attempt were worth the riskythe'Daityas have nevet held
the imperial throne of China, but they aré never without
a representative in the imperial courts.

The strong presence of the Daityas in the citiesiof the
Middle Kingdom has\ineyitably/brought them into ¢on-
flict with the Wan Kuti, They have no quarrel with the
vast majority of the Ten!Thousand Demons;they con?
sider the young among the vampires tohavebeen unfairly
treated by the August Personage of Jadeyjust as the hsien
were. Power struggles unfailingly arise whengthe Wan
Kuei victimize a member of the Daityas' families, whén
the Daityas assassinate and claim the position offa Wan
Kuei pawn and when the Daityas answenthe)prayers of
those in conflict with the vampites. When the Daityas
and Wan Kuei leadership in a city catihot agree to leave
each other's affairs alone, the citizens suffer greatly,until
the clandestine war ends.

Dissension among the Daityas themselves is stit-
ring; now that temporal power seems permanently,
assured, certain small but vocal factions are putting

Bioop & Sur.

forth a new goal. The Emperor of the Middle Kingdom
cannot sit comfortably on. his throne when he has lost
the Mandate of Heaveh — the Mandate passes to
another, who will overthrow him. Thesé Daityas feel
that the Mandate,of/Heaven rests now with the hsien,
demanding thé overthrow of the August Pérsonage of
Jade. They are ready to make war,6n the heavens and
to thwart the plans of the Yama Kings, as the universe
itself demands.

Tue Kura Sav

The Kura Sawonice rebelled against the punishment
ofthe Augtist PersonagerofiJade because they believed
that ic'was unjust. They turned their backs on the Celes-
tial Bureatieracy to make a statement; but the only state-
ments the Kura Sau are now capable of making are curses.
When the hsieniwent t6'the Yama Kings for protection
fromethe enemies that surrounded them, the Kura Sau
never looked back.

The Yama Kings have upheld their end of the bargain.
The Shinma and Daityas were forced to learn balance to
survive; the/Kura Sau surviverthtough raw demonic power.
Survival cannot have been worth the terrible price the
Kura Sau paid, however. Those who once walked as gods
through .the spirit worlds now cringe and fawn before the
thrones of the Yama Kings. There is little left of what made
the Kura Sau unique individuals — all they have-been
permitted to retain is rawsambition, sickening devotion,
the ability to feel fear and the willingness to causé it. The
Wan Kuei of the Chinese mainland refer to the Kura Sau
as thé,Gou Zhang, a phrase loaded with contemptuous
nuances: war dogs, cursed swordbearers, mere thugs with
the backing of powerful masters.

Tue Way or Hac Tao

Hac Tao is notan evil, power-for-power rip-off
of Nei Tan. The prize for mastery — the Blood-
Jade Dagger that allows its bearer to slice through
the Wall and ramp

is for all practical matters the same,

through the spirit worlds

put the route
to achieving that degree of mastery cannot be
compared to anything this side of Yomi. Storytell-
ers can consider Hac Tao in terms of the Cainite
Discipline of Thaumaturgy — it allows practitio-

ners access to many dark paths of magic and ritual,

rather than a simple, straightforward progression

of power. Players should never be able to guess
exactly what the Kura Sau are capable of with their
tainted magic; but common uses include the ani-
mation of corpses, the defilement of Chi and the
summoning of demons. Storytellers should feel
free to include any particularly icky favorites —
fomori Gifts, vampiric Disciplines, Baali rites,
whatever fits the bill

tangled black art.

in their own version of this


gerbe @

, s

Cuarrer Six: Barsanjans ano SHEN

The Kura Sau are as removed from the natural flow
of Chi in the world as the lowliest of the Wan Kuei. Just
as a chih-mei gorges on human flesh, the demon worship-
ers can fill themselves with Chi by devouring corpses.
They prefer to harvest.suffering— the Chiigained from
killing a human ismore delicious than the cold, sluggish
Chi of a corpse! The amount of Chi a Kura Sau catieke
out of a dying human depends entirely on how long)it
takes the unfortunate victimstoyexpire; a quick thrust
through the heart or snap,of the neck releases only one
delectable point of Chi, while a slow, thougheful, tortur-
ous murder rends all 10 points 6f Chi available from the
vessel. The bodies of these carefully attended victims are
Often put to another use. The\Kura Sau are only "reborn"
into the bodies of the ritually murdered; any spirit that
Attives to take possession Of the body owes'the murderer
a favor fofenabling his return tothé Middle Kingdom,
The Kura Sau know.this,ofcéurse, and takeladvantage
of this effect of their feeding to bolster their numbers
whete the schemes of the Yama Kings permit. Some
humansyhave also learned thissterrible secret and are
willing to sacrifice their fellows for the slim chance of
earning demonic favors. Any Wan Kuei who dares to
summon one of the Yama Kings' minions in this way
invariably puts herself on aishort list of potential akuma
recruits and blackmailicandidatés;those vampires who
have already, joined the ranksiof the akuma tread lightly
around the infernal politics inevitably involved.

The centuties in service of Yomi have mutated and
warped the formsiof the fallen hsien. They have completely
lostetheir elemental mature — the five elements will no
longer pay heed to spirits so twisted — and cannot balance
Chi in their bodies. Those Kura Sau in a constant state of
Yang imbalance overflow withuneatthly beauty and vibrant
energy; those imbalanced to Yin seemilike shambling, rot-
ting corpses. The only thing they share in common is the
demonié magic that holds them to their once-human bodies
arid the scars those horribly murdered bodies bear.

Kura Sau filled with¥in.Chi wield a warped equivalent
of the Wan Kuei"¥in Prana Discipline, while their Yang-
imbalanced counterparts utilize an equally twisted Yang
Prana. In both cases, the stylized movements and katas
typical to the Wan Kuéi are optional forthe Kura Sau; the
Cursed hsien do notineed to evoke and eajole the Chipowers
that.are theinwéty nature, but the focusing effects of the'
appropriate movements can be beneficial and are certainly
stylish. The Kura Sau may also have access to any or, often,
all of the Demon Arts. Their Yang,or Yin Mantle always
appéars to those with supernatural perception in the form
of the hsien's Godbody of the Demon avatar:

The black arts of Had Taoate unique to the Kura Sau;
the apotheosis of the form/seems to be the unfettered
access t6 the héavens promised by the Shinma's Nei Tan
Alléhemy, but the path tothe Kura Sau's celestial freedom.
is strewn with Corpses and gruesome shortcuts.

Ttis unclear précisely.whichof the Yama Kings warped
the KuraSau and which of the YamakK ings they,nowServe.

147

Outside the Yomi World, the only beings who might know
the terms of the bloody contract that created the Kura Sau
are the Daityas — and they are not approachable on the
matter. An individual may once proclaim to be in the
service of the Yama King Emma-o and on another meeting
sing hymns of adoration to Mikaboshi. While clearly the
self-proclamations of the Kura Sau cannot be trusted, it
seems entirely likely that servants with such easy access to
the Middle Kingdom.are prized.trading chits amongst the
Yama Kings'and Queens? The missions of the Kura Sau are
often brief and violent and end with the destruction of the
agent's form. This matters little to the Kura'Sau.or their
masters; between sallies to the Middle Kingdom, the Kura
Sau bask in a hell designed for their pleasure. Their mastets
know that it can only be a short time before another
mangled body appears for the plucking.


Cuy' Ta

Magicians, men and women who transform the
channeled through ceremony and

The spirit of the Middle Kingdom sees and rejects their

rebellious activity.
Western mages theréfore alway: rform-

ing vain magic as tl enter the lom.

Native magician imilar prac es may d ectthe

magical distutba d_ offer expl

move to suppres ived riyals. Repre

of the Ministry6f Works may also move to suppre

foreign infl them under imperia'

sanction. o foreigne'

depends o}

anger) of t

large numbe
magical traditions of its own, genera
ning People or chi'n ta. Magicians

lands also enter the realm of All Under Heaven, in
even smaller numbers than the magicians native

< Despite this diversity, the
operate under a organizatio
Europe at the time. This frame-
ings, dates from the time of the

inistry of

a) are a patchwo inistry has
best to extend its authority beyond strict
*s in many areas bordering China
Jin dynasty) still submit

ngdi pondered the issue o
mages long and ce he greatly feared them as atter. In other areas,
potential threa' realm. In the end, after debate s a inistries inspired by
with scholars bers of a loyal society of wizards i aodel exist. Elsewhere,
eme involving id rules al magic functioning
f Works bears

social class

Emperor Qin

owerful society of wizards in the Middle
of Blood & Silk is the Wu Lung,
Wizards. These ancie

havi pe i
a e

. They practice
rituals and generall:
ackeys, seeing them-

recogn
proper s
cursed mag
successors tl
innovations, #]
new emperor re}
Lung. It lapses 0
dynastic chaos. (
erating numbers of 1
sign of a dynasty
Since the time of the
been an organ of the Wu Lu A _
In terms of Mage: Sorcerer reigning Cm@peror to
Mage: The Ascension) ani i Q a the Wu Lung hardly can

register with the Ministry ite. a aa appea
lynastic shift; h

e pursuit 6

commands perform casual

ticular magical tradition. Evi dbarbar- ™unistry, and that' &.

ians earn imperial favor throug ion, and their When it coi uf

magic thereafter operates in a frame offret e that Lung's pret

acknowledges the diversity of magical prac ice. Magi Vidual Dragon P

cians who refuse to register or obey perform vain magic, highly complex t other magi-
even if their working would normally qualify as casual. cians with the sa res Ku iong Ren

and other shen are occasionally es
battles. A Dragon Wizard and unliving mandarin may


| on

Caarter Six: Barsarjans an SHEN

z —
find each other useful for a few decades and then part
ways — each feeling he manipulated the other.

For more information on the Wu Lung, see The
Sorcerers Crusade Companion.

The Wu Lung)are far.from the only magicians in
Asia at the time of Blood &SilkwA variety of wise
women, tribal shamans and.ancient wizards litter the
supernatural landscape, although they are never truly
numerous. Some are capable of minor blessings and
curses, while others can wield spectacular effects on par
with the Dragon Wizards. With rare exceptions, such as
the (supposedly) Yomi-tainted wise-women of the Wu-
Keng, thesé,magi do not belong to large-scale societies
and follow the principals,of theirown system of belief.
Most register with the Ministry of Works andypursue
their own, isolatéd goals. They deal with"the Hungry
Dead and other shen when the need arisesjalthough
rarély,on anything like an equal footing. Most ate either
reverential (using their skills to honor deceased ances-
tors and nature spirits or to appease the Hungry Dead) or
confrontational (trapping spirits for their own uses).

The Sorcerers Crusade Companion has more infor-
mation on mages in the MiddleKingdom, although set at

a later date.

Wrajtus

Assuming she isn't bound for Yomi, when a mortal
dies the Hun and P'o go their separate ways, reaching
Heaven.and fading into the@blivion of the deep Yin
World, réspectively. For a minority, howéyer, the two
souls remain together in the Yin)World and the departed
becomes a ghost. Such a state usually reflects some
lingering attachment to life and identity, often on par
withthe obsessions that force Wan Kuei out of Yomi to
take the Second Breath. Ghosts are not vampires, how-
ever: They haveino physical selves and live entirely in
the Yin World. They can observe.and affectthe physical

149

Middle Kingdom, and physical beings — both mortal
and shen — can affect them. Mortals influence ghosts
indirectly, through offerings and rituals that honor them
(or inauspicious acts that anger them), but many shen
can see ghosts and enter their world.

Doing so, however, can be risky indeed.

The Yewiow Springs: Empjre or THE Deap

Throughout much of the Yin World associated with
the Middle*Kingdom, aysingle empire holds sway. Qin
Shihuangdi, the first Emperor of China, spent much of
his adult life in the pursuit of immortalityyHe failed to
findit anywhere in the living world, despite an exhaus-
tive search and vigorous persecution of everything he
thought might help. (Elder Wan Kuei still remember the
pyres built to burn their wu-mates alive, the stakes set
out to greet the sun and all the other torments of the

~ ‘time.) In his termiifiakdecline, he turned to study of the

afterlife. Assisted by a motley crew of magicians, west-
facing Wan' Kuei and other advisors, he succeeded in
transferring his own soulandagreat many guardians and
servants into the Yin World.

Chinese tradition refers to the Yin World asthe
Yellow Springs, the wells,underneath the earth where
the dead gather. When he arrived there, Qin Shihuangdi
adopted the new name Yu Huang and set about building
a new empire. It took him centuries, but he and his
Imperial Guard had centuries to spend. His living advi-
sors had helped him create a small army by working
special rites on the terra cotta statues set to guard his
tomb; when he died, they emerged as active souls with
distinctive powers and formidable raw strength. The
Imperial Guard became the nucleus of.his empire. Yu
Huang declared/himsélf emperor of all the lands of the
dead, master of his new Jade Empire, and proceedéd to
turn declaration intolreality.

The Jad@Empire covered all of thé Chinese lands 6f,
the Yin World by the endiofthe Han dynasty. Yu Huang
took great satisfaction in continuing to hold his empire
intactwwhile the living dynasty that had displaced him
crumbled. Imthe centuries that followed, the Jadem-
pire continueditogrow, to take over communities of the
dead who came from other nations. Chinese ghosts
received generally caréful attention from Yu Huang,
since he wanted to rule them, not destroy them. The
ghosts of the Conquered Territories fared worse: To Yu
Huang they were (and still are) so much raw material for
his loyal servants{t6 Soulforge.

Yu Huang's greatest strength is probably his aura
of invulnerability. During the Han period, when he
was still laying the foundations for his Jade Empire, an
unparalleled thréat faced the entire Yin World: an
invasion from Yomis. The Yama King Lung Wang
came out of Hell to make the land of the dead his own,
and it seemed that no one could stand against him.
The Imperial Guard fared better than most, but even
they could only slow him down. Yu Huang could do


more. Armed with a great sword of jade, he
faced the Yama King in single combat deep in
the raging Tempest of the Yin World and
€merged'victoriousy This triumph is still lauded
and studied by the dead Sand the Wan Kuei.

Yu Huang set about building anewpalace,
aJade Palace to the rule the Jade Empire, in the
Tempest. He also authorized the Great Impe*
tial Highway to connect the new palace with
the old.one in Changan's Mirror Lands and
followed that with an artificial hell called Ti
Yu. Ie'standsjon ahuge rocky outcropping
protruding from Yomi, into the Yin World.
There, Yu Huang can arrange for souls to face
eternal térment without losing control of them
to.thé Yama Kings. (See Doomslayers: Into
the Labyrinth and The Thousand Hells for
complementary portrayals of the Yomi World,
the realms beneath the Jade Empire.)

The Conquéred Perritories — foreign lands
brought undef Yu Huang's, ralé="now stretch
from Tibet to Japan,.from Siberia to Annam,
and have fér centuries. Revolts break out peri-
odically three' Great Reyélts have posed
serious Challenges to Yu Huang's»riile, along
with scores of less significant ones. So far, Yu
Huang has managed to regain. control each
time. There are plentiful enclavesiin the'Con-
quered Territories that exist largely free of his
tule, however. By remaining hidden and foster-
ing alliances with Yin-aspected Wan Kuéi,
these free ghosts manage to surviyerand honor
their own traditions. The greatest of these
enclavesvexist in Nihon, including Kamakura,
the seat of the shogunaté (described in the
Appendixpseé p. 165).

Sprqes oF THE Drap

The spirits of the departed come ina wide
variety of shapes and) Sizes. Most appear»as
wraithly versions of their living selves; made of
Yin matter, they stilhseemlikesfarmers, soldiers
and kings, usually dressed in ways appropriate to
the time of their deaths#But wraiths aremade
from a form of Yin, and some of the dead learn
to shape that material in many Ways) Some
ghosts appear very inhuman, either because of
their savage nature (such as the mindless kuet)
or because others have reshaped them tojserve
some inhuman function. In fact, ghosts are even
"forged" into White Jade, a ghostly matérial
used for many functions in the Yin World. The®
conquered dead of the Conquered Territoriés
are often fodder for the forges.

Those ghosts who do not suffer such an
abysmal fate usually organize themselves into


Cuaprer Six: Barsarjans ano SHEN

extended families. Kinship relations from life survive
in death, and distant cousins become close allies in the
Yellow Springs. Beside the imperial bureaucracy, these
families are the main social structure of the afterlife.
Confucian sentiments about filial piety strengthen the
families, and vari6us forms of ancestor worship allow
the living to aid their deceased kin in thé afterlife,
Chinese families are in a much better position than
foreigners and are able to risetoypositions of prominence
and influence in the empire. For example, the Qieming
family currently enjoys a virtual stranglehold onitheranks
of the Imperial Censors in thé area of Yellow Springs
bordering ‘on Linan. The Censors are responsible for
keeping track of new arrivalsto the Yin World, and the
Qieming Have_an understanding With!Some local Wan
Kieisto allow for easieraccess in exchange'for payments

of jade or Various favors. Nihonjiti/and other "foreign".

families are less lucky,-butsthey too exist, often as the
underpinnings of anti-Chinese resistance.

Pages 214-216 of Kindred of the East detail several
types of ghosts from the Middle Kingdom. These are still
Viable in théBlood & Silk éra. Page 21?,of that book
also Summarizés, the basic abilities of wraiths, for those
who donot want to.use the full rules available in Wraith:
The Oblivion.

Wary Kur; anp THE XeLLow Springs

Yu Huang does not approve of the Wan Kuei. While
he lived, manyof them challenged his authority and ideas.
Now, those skilled in the ways of Yin have a frustrating
ability to come and go through the empire. The Jade
Emperor does not like those who flout his authority?

The Jade Censors are responsible for regulating the
Ten Thousand Demons'*access:t6 the Jade Kingdom.
Wan Kuei who wishito travel the Yellow Springs legally
must petition a Censor and receive proper documenta-
tion. In‘most areas, the proper way to do this isto enter
the Yin World through a powerful Yin-aspected dragon
nest (such areas aresmonitored by the Censors)»The
applicant must then seck petmission and pay awvariable
quantity of jadé. Ease of access varies wildly from area to
area and from Censor to Censor. Some have longstanding
arrangements with well placed Wan Kuei— especially

Bone Dancer mafdarins — and grant access to,those
who come _withia recommendation from those eldersiiil

Othersiapply a harsh egalitarianism and insist that the
petitioner prove that her journey is necessary. It is, of
course, altogether possible to enter.the Yellow Springs
withoutpermission, but impeétial law mandates a death
sentence for Wan Kuei traveling without proper papers;
the imperial authorities have'to ¢atch up with such
criminals first, of course.

In the Conquered Territories, the situation is theo-

retically much harsher. Yu Huang's law demands an_

imperial escoraccompany, any Wan Kuei in these areas

of the Yellow Springs, and the Jade Censors grant very
few permissions. The reality, however, is that imperial
authority is less secure here than in China. Wan Kuei
who deal with local wraiths regularly slip into the land
of the dead without drawing attention to themselves.

Wan Kuei also have another way to deal with
ghosts without risking imperial ire. Using their
Ghostsight and spirit speech abilities, most Wan Kuei
can communicatewith ghosts who lurk near the living
realm without themselves entering the Yellow Springs.
This communication, while somewhat frowned upon,
is notan imperial crime. Most Wan Kuei whédeal with
the ¥in World do so in this way, unless they truly thust
access the Springs themselves. Note also that, much as
he would like them to, Yu Huang's laws do not apply to
the other Yin Realms.

152

Morrais anp Demon Hunters

The shen do not rule the night unopposed. Mortal
men,and women can and do resist the predations of
Wan Kueij thetfages 6fXiong Ren and the whims of
ghosts and Shinma. Most)commonly, humans deal
with shen through ritual. They honortheir ancestors,
they have a care to avoid a cursed temiple or forest,
they pray to the gods or spirits of the area. These are
not hollow rituals — Xiong Ren and Shinmaltake
such respéetyery seriously and as indications of which
humans deserve their protection and which deserve
theirgre. Ghosts detive direct sustenance from many
of these actions, feeding off the emotions of those who
pay their respects and gaining material benefit from
items left for their use. Even the Wan Kuei see respect
from' mortals as proper, and it can curb excessive
feeding or violent outbursts.

These daily rituals and behaviors do not entail a direct
understanding of/the/shen, however. The farmers in a
village may know that local spirits or gods inhabit a
mountaintop and expect respect frofipthe humans who
cultivate the land it overlooks: They do not know that the
mountaintop is'a Yang-aspected dragon nest guarded by a
Thrashing Dragon'or a Hakkeni.

When humans need a more diréét or coniplex inter-
action /with the supernatural, they usually turn to a
monk or priest (or sometimes a Wise-woman or shaman,
depending on the atea): These men and'women of faith

Bioop)& Sux

—

usually have a better understanding of the shen and their
behavior. They will realizegthat a new rice paddy has
disrupted the flow of Chiiand angeredithe localspirits,
for example. In general, it is knowledge of proper behav-
ior, not supernaturalpower, that enables these holy men
and women to act. Some do have a€ces8yto special
abilities, however.


Caaprer Sixt Barsanjans ano Sven
The Sujx

Beyond the abilities of a local priest exist the Shih,
an ancient order of demon hunters. The Shih trace
their origins back to Yi iat cellen Archer, who
imposed the curse a
the Shih even st6
this led to c
millennia, the

heir secrets from prying eyes and ig
vander off eventually.

BarBARJANS AND FOREJGNERS

Atthe time of Blood & Silk, the Wan Kuei and their
fellow shen can exist under the illusion that they stand
alone in the supernatural landscape. There are stories of
barbarian vampires and other Night People who live in
the wild lands far to the west, but actual contact is rare. In
India, actual intermingling occurs, but that is a border
areaseenas lessthancivilized bymost "proper" Wan Kuei.

s, nothing more.
ais delusion of isolation cannot

J a A si HR on the superna
to the Middle Kingdom in the twili
of the Fourth Age. This section extends its focus forwa
in time from: Blood & Silk date of 1197 GE
the majority of East-West contact oceurs
at time and to make the section more useful for
ellers of Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade) hich

* the mountains and deserts disappeared,
it was the talk of courts and piibli

) took place at one or more
he Roman Empire and the Han
marches controlled by Rome lay
les from the westernmost Chinese
ut most of history, however, goods
i coved through the hands of intermedi-
aries, pai urkic and other nomadic peoples
of i inner
anyone made it and nothing about the people who
practiced such mysteri

154

Even the names classical and medieval European
scholars applied to distant lands came filtered through
multiple languages and lacked any real context.
"Seres,""Sera" andi"Sina" appear in the chronicles of
Pliny the Elder, Ptolemy and other scholars of the first
few centuries of the Christian era. EVen the linguistic
roots of "Seres" and "Sera" are obscure."Sina" can be
traced clearly from the Chinese. The;subjeéts of the
Qin dynasty referred to themselves as Qin-jen, the
people of Qin. The name passed across Asia as "Cina"
to become "Sina" in the hands of European writers.
(Centufies later, Chinese translators of Buddhist docu-
ments from India failed to recognize its origins in
their own languagéand rendered it as "Chih-na.") In
630 CE, a/Byzantine author named Theophylactos of
Simoeatta wrote an account of "Taugast" containing
details that can be confirmed as actual events of
Chinese history and details of Chinese geography.
Nobody realized,thar Taugast was the same place as
Seres or Sina. The mame may come from that of a
nomadic royal family as filteredsthrough Turkish or
may come ftom,somewhere else altogether. For the
next 700 yearsy Theophylactos' account was the most
reliable available in the West:

Chines¢ scholars learned more,about Roman soci-
ety and its su¢cessors. They filtered it all, howéver,
through the firm conviction that China was the center
of the universe and that no barbarian kingdom could
challenge its supremacy. Anything worthwhile in the
outer lands must have come from China at some.point;
by definition there could be no fundamental innova#
tion among those so far removed from the center of All
Under Heaven. The name "Da Qin" somehow at-
tached itself. to the general idea of a distant barbarian
kingdom, along withthenames "Li-kan" and "Fu-lin."
Chinese writers didn't distinguish between them; vari-
ous accounts Suggest stories6f the Eastern Roman
Empire and various successor states.

Ideas in art and technology moved independently
of knowledge about distant lands. Paper; spicesybridge-
building techniques and many more skills gradually
ended up in the West, while Hellenistic art styles
passed through India'and eventually influenced Chi-
nese schools of design.

Tue Dark Aces: Monks anp KHans

It is the rise of the Mongols, initiated by their:first
great ruler Genghis Khan in the early years of the 13th
century, that launches a new era of East-West contact.
The Mongols move into China\(and eventually conquer
it all), but also move west. Under Qgodei Khan, Genghis'
son and successor, the Mongols moye,into the Middle
East and Eastern Europe. They turn back fromVienna in
1241 not because of European resistance, but beeausé
Ogodei's death forces them to fall back and deal with
matters of succession. Obviously, Europe can be oblivious
to the East no longer.

Broop & Six

We Knows, Wo Cares

Always keep in mind that the vast majority of
Wan Kuei and other shen know little and care less
about the affairs of their Western counterparts.
The world is large, and supernatural beings are few,
and they all have plenty to occupy them close to
, only to con-

hand. Journeys of thousands of mile

front strange creatures with bizarre ideas, hold
little

they're careful. Risk

appeal to beings who might live forever, if
aking in general does not
fascinate most vampires, of any sort. Nor does
dealing with great uncertainty and confusion, and
every encounter between the vampires of both
continents brings plenty of both.

Players must work to separate what they know
from what their characters probably know. The slow
acquisition of knowledge and the separation of truth
from error should be major themes of a chronicle
concerned with interactions among the different
sorts of vampire. The mystery all goes away if players
point to this and other books and spout off statistics.
Characters who focus on the social (and mental and

physical, for that matter) aspects of contact give up

hey
remove themselves from many usual factional dis-
putes and personal pastimes for the sake of knowl
edge and exploitable opportunities. Such characters

many of the regular concerns of their kinds.

are unusual in every era

In 1245, Pope Innocent IV sends a Franciscan monk,
Giovanni de Plano Carpiniy to the court of thé; Mongol
Khan. Giovanni travels with two fellow Franciscans,
Lawrence of Portugal and Benedict of Poland, and carries
two papal bulls. One explains Christianity to the Khan
and invites hit to conyert, the other points out the
wicked folly of making wars on other nationsjand com-
mands the Khan to cease. Guyuk Khan (Ogodei's'succes-
sor) tesponds with.somethitig short of délighted accep-
tance, telling Carpini that Mongol conquest is effectively
God'swill— if not, how could it occur? —and invites the
Pope to submit.

The Pope finds the Franciscans' reports discouraging
and alarming#In 1247, he sends a newsmission under the
Dominican Ascelin. Ascelin comés close to execution for
insubordination but wins rescue and support/from
Alljjigiday, an emissary from the Great Khan. In the years
since meeting Giovanni, Guyuk Khan realized the impor-
tance of working with' Europeans against their common
Muslim antagonists. Unfortunately, by the time Aljigiday
meets Ascelin, Guyuk Khan is alreadydead, on the eve of
civil war with his brother Batu. So Aljigiday lacks any real
authority for his assurance of protection for Christians
under Mongol rule and»his.offer of help, in retaking
Jerusalem. Batu spends the next few years consolidating
his authority and arranging an appropriate puppet Great

Cuaprer Six: Barsarjans ano SHEN

Khan. In 1248, another Dominican mission led by An-
drew of Longjumeau meets with Guyuk's widow, Ogul
Gamish, acting as regent until a new Great Khan can be
chosen. She sends a short memorial to. the Pope praising

peace and demanding-tributey
immediate hopesof a new Crusade.
The various missions from the West
existence of substantial Christian communities in
East, even ifmost of the Christiansithere are Nestor!
and other heretics. Indeed, some hight ranking Mo
officialshold to Christianity, includi
the Great Khans who receive Giova

mission eastiHe meets with Gu
crowned replaceméntyasiGréat Khan. Mo

brother Hulagu listen carefully and not only express an
interest in Christianity but commit serious military forces

» crush the Abbasid, Caliph
through Syria in 1259,Nestorian Chri

ofthe appointments to Mongol.

conquered lands. The Eg

only Muslim government an

From THe Darr Aces ro THe RENAjssANCE
At that point, Mongol attention turns elsewhere. In
1260, Mongke's younger brother Kublai becomes
Khan and concentratesion conquests in China. In 1
Qubilai declares himsel p
Yuan dynasty; in.1276 the last r
Song dynasty fall before it. Qubila 8
invading Japan, in 1274 and 1281. Both fail; the througho
ends with the ruin of the Mongol fleet in among Mongols‘ai ON
kaliialior divine sind than among the Chinese tl
Mongol congeey "Butope also slows in The early missions do not make it all the way to
the 13th century béeau : l wars tie up eo Gioyanni and William write about Kitai (the

would otherwise reinforce and extend Mongol ovided the source for "@athay" a
in the Middle rmo as aus place, home to the usual co!

Mongol leaders eall for | _ ; rion isundérstandings, rumors, legends a1
aréidistractediby their own rivalries. Civil wars, dynastiof= ; :
strife and the untimely deaths of key visionarie coke 4 sae His father and brother
European armies from ever organizing to march in' , 4 ‘ ai in the 1260s; in 1271, they
dination with the Mongols. Edward.Lof England devotes S®€9U a them the 17-year-old Marco.
i i sane ei within r reach Kublai's summer court in
hukisotew. a of Beijing. Polo studies the languages of
of his peers care to join ' the areaaind actsas Kublai's emissary on several occasions.
survives the Eastern assaults After the So masty finally collapses in 1279, Khan
4 business takes Po oughout China. In 1292, Polo
leaves China by sea, ing home to Venice in 1295.
Jesfights on the losing side in a naval battle between
Venice and Genoa, and spends several years in jail. In
1298, he dictates his memoirs to a fellow prisoner.

Manas the In 129 anciscan John of Monte Corvino sets ¢
Fin the Middle East. °° é court of Kublai Khan. He spends ti
3 e way, and by the time he arrives in 129

g Mongols, including some members of
's family, convert to Christianity. Deat
by,disease cut short many of John's gain

golipresence in Persia,
increasingly Muslim.

156

Polo's Description of the World vastly multiplies the
quantity of Western information about China and pro-
vides the first eyewitness accounts. Unfortunately for
Polo's reputation; translators and copyists add their own
embellishments, burying the amazing truths in falsehoods
of all kinds.

In the second half of the 14th century;,the medieval
contacts trickle off. The collapse of the Mongol Empire
removes institutional support for missionaries in Ghina.
In 1369;Christians are expelled from Beijing, not to
return for more than 200 years. Resurgent Islam cuts/oft
the land routes'and makes the sea routes more dangerous.
The Mongol Tamerlane wipes out all the major strong-
holds of Nestorian Christianity in the 1370s. By the end
of the century, East and West have again drifted out of
contaét.

The Chinese send out few travelers and have no
equivalent of Polo's chronicle. Living in contact with and
then under the authority of the Mongols brings ideas and
information to China, however. Merchants and ministers
alike circulateiin the Middle Kingdom; where native sages
study them. Chinese scholars show more interest in mate-
tial achievements than Western philosophy (which must,
by definition, be inferior). Chinese maps of the late 14th,
century include fairly accurate portrayals of Europe and
Africa, with upto 100 Buropean place names.

figjrs oF THE Boop: CajnjtEs

Atthe time of Blood & Silk, contact between Cainites
and Wan Kuei is quite rare. Direct/contactbetween
China and Europe is almost non-existent and fewsvam-
pires are willingto make this arduousjourney, even if they
somehow know there is a goal worth reaching at theend:
Border areas like India and communities along the Silk
Road (like Kashi, see p. 167) do see some contact between
various types of vampires but not insufficient quantity to
seriously affect the world views of either Cainite princes
or Wan Kuei ancestors.

There is no reason why a few hardy Souils couldn't
make the journey for the purposes of a truly global!
chronicle, however. Although the natures of Cainites
and Wan Kuei are significantly different, caution on the
part of a traveler can hide these distinctions. After all, if

it gets to the point where a vampire reveals that he burns
in the sun instead of rotting, he probably has more
pressing problems than oiilture shock.

Likely candidates for journeys into foreignlands are
scholars and refugees:Cainites and Wan Kuei haye more
than enough (Of both, from curious Cappadocians to
accused akuma seeking refuge. They all can end up in the
territory of a wholly other type of vampire, but they must
still deal with the barriersito understanding.

The View From tHe East

From a Wan:Kiei perspective, Cainites are almost
by,definition lesser creattirés) Vampires are not immune
to the cultural/chauvinism of the era, and they look
down on foreigners. The Wan Kuei focus on Dharma
also cteates a gulf between them and the Cainites. Other
philosophies==be they Gainite Roads or mortal faiths
—areé difficult to accept, and»European attempts at
conversion only make matters worse. As far as most
Asian vampires are concerned, their Western "cousins"
practice debased or nonsensical beliefs that have no
hope of staying off Yomi;henee, they must be degener-
ates, at best equivalent to hin.

Meetings with Western Cainites only confirm these
impressions. The first European Cainites most Wan
Kuei meet are Cappadocians, Lasombra and)Salubri.
The Cappadocians resemble poor imitations of the
Bone Dancers. The Lasombrayseem like what the Re-
splendent Cranes might be if they wallowed in debased
doctrinal confusion for a few centuries. The Salubri
temind Wan Kuei of the hated Zao-lot and are obvi-
ously fit only for extermination. Some individual Wan
Kuei respond more favorably and quickly learnsthe
wisdom of keeping their interests concealed. Produc-
tive exchanges of information occur mostly on the
fringes of the courts and in the nebulous border regions:
HG)court conttols very thoroughly.

Contacts with some militant Assamites make the:
Kinejin seem even worse, confitming»Wan Kuei fears
about Cainite destructiveness and ambition. The ances-
tors of the western courts set aside their grievances with
the M6ngols long enough to provide enthusiasticsupport
forattacks on theMiddle East. Thus, Mongke and Hulagu
lead armies that enjoy supernatural intervention as well as
mundane suécess on,the battlefield.

In the late 13th and early 14th centuries, the Wan
Kuei meet more of the Cainite clans. Most Wan Kuei
couldn't care less about the details and have no interest
in clans any more than they have interest in the
number of stripes*6n this Variety of wasp versus that
variety. Wan Kuei scholars catalog the range of demon-
strated Disciplines and theorize aboutithe true originiof.
the Cainites. (Most théories attribute the curse of
vampirism to Zao-lot.) A handful probe more closely,
but they generalize from™ limited data and produce:
conflicting maps of the bloodlines.

Caapren Six: Barzarjans ano Suen

The View From tHe Wesr
To the childer of Caine, the Wan Kuei pose no

particular mysteries. It's a matter of common knowledge
he Second City.

that the clans scattered after the fa
Obviously, some of th

far indeed and_dev
characteristic Di
vanced Vicissit
or the God
Tear reset

s all of the Dharmas inculcate a respect for age
ievement and a lack o i

ept anything but tribute or

ders fear the Cathayans

to use the Cathayans as
Wan Kuei oblige.

157

Spannjng THE CHasm
So many factors contribute to antipathy between
Cainites and Wan Kuei. Must all encounters between
them therefore end in egotism and death? No. Under
various circumstances, Kindred of the East and the West

can coexist for a while, or even indefinitely.
Both communities of vampires include scholars, for
whom the pursuit of knowledge takes priority over con-
etti gly p erogatives. Vampiric

éttion o!

v2

Cainites must be destroyed allies herself wi
traveling Cainites for years on end, learni
their strengths and weaknesses by seei

w. they n

in

ashing Dragons are
find nothing of

pursue study rather than con-
frontation, at least for the
and (later) Giovanni,
if they gain any
glimpse of the
vistas of grave
andspiritlore the
Bone Dancers pos-
sess, feel a pull to the East
\Cainite aristocrats of Ventrue,
zimisce descent all study the
ei exert their authority and the


f
Saver; 1

Saulot's clan deserves special mention. With the
purges of their clan at the hands of the Tremere, the
Salubri are very likely candidates to flee east. In fact,

} Assamite allies of the clan have been moving small
numbers to distant "Taugast" (their term for the Middle |
Kingdom) for some time. Unfortunately, the history (or

( myth) of Saulot's dealings with Xue means they have to

) be very cautious on Asian soil. By decree of many
ancestors, none of his offspring ever receive any hospi-
tality from Wan Kuei except for the offer of a quick
death. In practice, actual Wan Kuei decisions seldom
conform entirely to proclaimed law.

Salubri receive cold but essentially courteous wel-
come from Wan Kuei interested in studying the diffu-
sion of their lore. Salubri Disciplines are fascinating
perversions (or transformations) of the Wan Kuei heri-
tage, so scholarly inclined Hungry Dead who face north
or west find much of interest. So do center-facing Wan |

| Kuei who seek to define their paths to enlightenment
partly in contrast with what they're not choosing to
incorporate. In turn, Salubri who show themselves
willing to learn receive assistance in understanding the
traditions which their founder so badly misunderstood
at key points. Rumor says that one or more Salubri
actually awakened their Hun and P'o to become full-
fledged Wan Kuei; however, details somehow always
dissolve into "I heard it from the friend ofawu-mate...."

intellectual legacy of debate over theory and practicesof;
tulership. To Brujah who cling to the old tradition of
philosopher-kings, the ancient depths of Wan Kuei lore
seem almost itresistible. Devout GhiistianS\(and Muslims,
Jews and pagans) who suffer from the Curse of Caine régard
the Wan Kuei asa missionary challenge, and while some
launch their missions in holy zeal and self-righteous igno-
rance, othersseek tostudy the beliefsandipractices they want
to change. ArtistS.of every clan examine the styles of their
distant cousins i search of fresh inspirations.

Most vampires on»both sides realize that their alli-
ances must be contingent and vulnerable. No matter how
much trust they profess, imperativés deeper and older
than this particular partnership may require action. There's
usually nothing personal in it; it's just that when the
Blood or Dharma demands action, the‘friendlystranger
may have to die. A vampire or Cainite who realizes he's
revealed the wrong secret Or discoyets that his study
partner has an end he cannot condone can and does acts
In addition, frenzy, fire soul, Rétschreck, shadow soul and
other vampiric disorders may drive partners)to‘conflict,
even if their conscious wills remain in harmony.

A vampire's age makes it no moréor less likely that he
will reach out to the other kind. Neonates'and Running
Monkeys often explore every interesting lead, but theny
others turn to tradition and conservatism as a way of keeping
their mental balance after a painful and unexpected change
of condition. Ancillae and jina secure in their own situation

Bioop & Sjix

turn outward in search of information they could use to
advantage in the endless nightstruggle for power. They may
just as easily decide that theoutsiders threatén all the mature
vampires have worked for and, hencey deservé'nothing but
immediate destruction: Elders and mandarins seek advan-
tage in mastery ofthe outsiders or simply toundetstand them.
Like their younger cousins, however, they can also find the
unfamiliar merelythreatening.

Maces

As the European Dark Ages give way to the Renais-
sance, mages fromithe West arrive in the MiddleKingdom
infar greaternumberssl he rise ofthe Order of Reason and
the Nine Traditions creates an increasingly global frame-
work ofsmagical struggle, one that slowly draws in the
Middle Kingdom's own magi.

Tht Orper or Reason

When Westernets travel to the Middle Kingdom in
groups larger thana handful of monks, the Order of Reason
joins the unawakened majority. The Cabal of Pure Thought
comes to preach, followingythe'path blazed by men like
Giovanni de Plano Carpini and deepened by men like
Matteo Ricci. The Celestial Masters come to study the lore
Of other.cultures and to examine unfamiliar skies. The
Craftmasons come to exchange knowledge. The High
Guild comes in pursuit of wealth. The HippocratiéCirclé
comes to learn and teach» The Void Seekers come because
there are new lands and seas.

All the factions within the Order soon find the Middle
Kingdom troublesome. They don't see themselves as magi-
cians (and aren't, on any level except game mechanics), so
it.never occurs to them thatthe Ministty6f Worksbanon
unregistered magicians would apply to them (see p. 148). All
the Daedalians know is that they have unustially bad luckof
many sorts until they registeras foreigners and agree to show
Appropriate submission.

Submission doesn't come easily to most Daedalians and
doesn't comeatall to some. Thetraditional Chinese gesture
of respect to thé émperor is the kowtow. The submitting
individual kneels on the floorbefore the throne. He stretches
forwatd three times and with each prostration he toucheshis
head to the floor three times. The Wu Lung detnand just such
an act from magicians appearing before! the Minister of
Works. Gabtielites in particular hayem6 interest in doing
this fofanyone but a recognized saint; other members of the
Order also decline. In some eases they can workout a
compromise, given a great deal of delicate negotiation (and,
at the Storyteller's discretion, a contest of Manipulation +
Etiquette against Ministry of Works officials' Wits + Will-
power). When thenegotiations work, the foreigners perform
a lesser act of submission — going downjon one knee, for
instance — while ministerial officials record a properly
performed kowtow. When negotiations fail, the ministry
remains obstinate and nothing but abasement serves.

Most often, the negotiations do go relatively well. The
Wu Lung see in the Order of Reason a so¢iety of the

=

e

)

Cnaprer Six: Barsarjans ano SHEN @ 159
quickly. The Akashic Brotherhood's common philosophi-
calrootsand practices make it easier for Wan Kuei to accept
the Brotherhood: different, certainly, butnotalien. Akashic
scholars disagree on the extent to which the Wan Kuei bear
responsibility for erecting and strengthening the Wall;
even those who blame the Wan Kuei for it all often favor
a "know your enemy" approach.

Ignorant mon
who prattle a
forces are mei

enlightened bringitigyOrder to the barbarian West, just as
theyhave to the Middle Kingdom. The Dragon Wizards act
with full confidence that they are in the superior posi

and that no consensus: ist that doesn't

their form of magic. : 4

The magicians belonging to the Council re Ni i Strid i a information and
Mystic Traditions generally feel no great interest even services with south-fa im Kuei. Such associa-
Middle Kingdor \ few of, the traditions hay ions seldom last long; there are tod many conflicting
‘antipathies, whether. : and priorities. Still, Silent Striders traveling
pi Barin bt Asiaido learn to sense the reso: e in thé Yin
‘close to extermina' gorandel ithi Wan Kuei e and sk (or
framework for tere = fieieea dice,
im i "i aws jrashi eply confuse most Garou. Thi
ei are obviously dead, yet they participate insomuch
, particularly when im permanent Yang imbalance.
tend to retreat in confusion or
ome clever Wyrm ploy. Among Wan
a € 0 shapeshifters have a reputation for
conception of God; many more 4 i rc e iar code Wan Kuei don't understand
religions as more snares x y x hat's "proper" and not for dead souls.
sllers wishing to use an occasional Garou
should consult the above guidelines for Xiong Ren (all
wolf-changets, like the Hakken). Those want-
‘ing to make extensive tse of them should consult
Werewolf: The Dark Ss.

traditions th:
from traditions that the Middle Kingdom frowns on;
where they share common eens the Chakravanti
nese scholars. Some



Aprrunjx: Cres oF THE Dea

161

APPENDIX

EIFTIES

OF TNE

DEAD

Ifaman take no thought about what is distant,
he will find sorrow near athand.
— Confucius, Analects

The Middle Kingdom at the twilight of the Fourth
Age is quite far removed from the lifevexperiences of
most Blood & Silk Storytellersand playersywhich can
make getting started a little difficult. In order to give
Storytellers some additional tools with which to
jumpstart a chronicle, this appendix covers some of the
major Cities in the Middle Kingdom at the time. Wan,
Kuei aredargely urban creatures, and these are some of
the centers of their unlives..Any of these locations can
be the center of a yourchronicle ora port of call during
your wu's travels.

Cuangan (Centra: CHjna)

The city of Changan, once the imperial capital, is
fading graciously. The attention ofthe Son of Heaven has
been drawn away to the southeast, to the city of Linan;
Changan waits like a privileged consort of the: Imperial
City within her high stone walls, hoping to once again
draw the eye of the emperor before her beauty fades away.

Liu Bang, the first emperor of the Han dynasty founded
the city of Changan (meaning "long peace") in 206 BCE
to serve as the capital of his new empire.The citizens of
Changan quickly became prosperous; not only were they
at the bureaucratielhub6f a strong, growing empire, they

were also situated near the fertile Yellow River and atthe
termination of a great trade route that stretched formiles
across Asia to Antioch, Baghdad and Alexandria — the
fabled Silk Road. Twelve crowded bridges crossed the
city's moat, leading to 12 gates through:the 40-foot walls.
Exotic traders from the Westand the East met in Changan's
nine hubbub-filled markets, bartering woods, spices, pre-
cious metals, gems, medicines and uncountable other
trade goods or selling them for coin. As many as two
million people lived inside andottside the great walls
during the Tang dynasty.

With the end of the Tang in 907 CE, the Silk Road
faded in prominence asthe warring princes and tribes
attacked the merchant caravans to finance their troops.
Changan's marketplaces dwindled in number to two;
several of the city's gates were permanently closed for
lack of usewThe gates to the vast Imperial City are also
closed; Changan houses no mortal emperor, and the
chambers that once sheltered the Son of Heaven grow
coldsin his absence.

The chambers are not, however, empty. Upon the
death of the final Tang ruler, the ancestor of the Yellow
Emperor Court took possession of the imperial palace.
Mortals no longer pass through the majestic Chengtian
Gate into the Imperial City; only the Wan Kuei of the

162

city and those miéssengers or supplicants who bear ap-
propriately sealed letters of recommendation may pass
the silent/guards. While the city slides into quiier-de-
cline, the Wan Kuei have greater freedom than ever to
live and move about as they,wish. The city's wealthwas
as much curse as boon to/the scholars of the Yellow
Emperor Court; now, sagés and students may spend their
nights in study and impenetrable secltision, untempted
by the boisterous sounds of a thriving city,the smell of
spiced foods and wine or the lilt of'song.

Night People oF Cuangan

Many Wan Kuei left, of course, when the vicissi-
tudes of polities pulled the locus of powerélsewhere.
Those who remained and those who now travel to the
Yellow Emperor Court are dedicated t6 thé acquisition,
preservation and proper dissemination of the wisdom
and writings of the Wan Kuei. The Yellow Emperor
himself, Wang Hongben, andi hi§ wu-mates in the

Golden Jade Society lead the/members of his court by!

diligent example. He has pefsonally recorded commen-
taries on the Ki Chuan' and other sacred works; in
recent years, he hasiwithdrawn into nearly total seclu-
sion, concefitrating on the translation and commen-
tary of a new discovery — an ancient.yampiric work
written in a primitive styleoftkaja. In his consuming
pursuit of knowledge, Wang Hongben has delegated
most of the traditional duties of the ancestor, even the
greeting of visiting Wan Kuei, to the eager and indus-
trious jina and mandarins of Changan's other wu. His
distinguished visitors are, for the most part, under-
standing — it is the wisdom earned from long study
that they have come to the Yellow Emperor Court in
search of, after all.

The composition of the court at Changan varies.
Students, both.thosesfreshifrom,the Second Breath and
those»who have come for long periods of study, are
organized into temporary wu. There areéusually three or
four student wu at any given time. In addition to the
Golden Jade Society, there are three prominentwu of jina
and mandarins who reside in the city: the Amber Wren,
the Illustrious Scribes@fithe Yellow River and the Bronze
Pennant. Each'of these has the typical duties of instruet-
ing young vampires along their Dharmic path and outside
responsibilities assigned by the court. Lastly, there are
visitors and supplicants from all the lands of the Middle
Kingdom, who must seek the approval of the Yellow
Emperor before traveling on to entreat the Sages of the
Fivefold Way who reside in the Shaolin Monastery — an
additional journey of 300:miles to the east, and into Jin-
held lands. Many of these are turned back at Changan —
some of them having learned what they Sought from the
sages of Changan, others instructed to seekfurther,en-
lightenmenton their own before troubling the bodhisattvas
with unworthy requests.


—

Aprenpjx: Ciyes oF THE Deap
The Taree Wo

The members of the Amber Wren wu are responsible
for overseeing the messengers utilized by the Yellow
Emperor Court and for authenticating the tokens brought
by those seeking to travel through or visit the court. The
court uses a small number of Wan Kuei who have under-
taken the Way of the*Lone Walker as messengers, in
addition to an unusual number of mortabtraders and a few
dhampyrs. The wu has become quite wealthy through the
years, as their ScarletScreen traders enjoy the benefits of
safe passage through the White Tiger-controlled lands of
the Silk Road. When messengers are in short supply, an
Amber Wren student — likely one who has been insolent
or inattentive to her studies — may be pressed into service
as a messenger.

The Illustrious Scribes of the Yellow River are
granted the great responsibility of recopying the scrip-
tures and works of the Wan Kuei for dissemination
throughout the Yellow Emperor Court and beyond.
When necessary, the members of this ¢vu attend to the
Sages of the Fivefold Way.at,Shaolin, to record the
bodhisattvas' infrequent sermons: A luckystudent who
has proven himself diligent. may be permitted)to ac-
company his sifu, to care for his brushes.and!ink and.to
run errandsw The students are more often)kept busy,
perfecting theirkaja brushstrokes or, lately learning to
carve précise characters in blocks of wood. The Illustti-
ous Scribes have become enamoured with the concept
of block printing, which has been in use by the mortals
for three centuries; as a test, they have carved and
printed the text of a short book of poems,by the Grand
Arhat Xue, Footprints in Blood. The distribution of this
obviously "mass" produced work has provoked heated
discussionsin courts across the MiddleKingdom.

The Bronze Pennant wu is led by the First Oni of the
Yellow Emperor Court, The members of this wu are truly
fearsome; they wield an impressive array of weaponry
with deadly skill, are trained in the art'of mounted
warfare, and are practiced wilderness travelers. Fearful
rumors suggest that the Bronze Pennant wu even uses
hand grenades and rockets. They are.commonly Yang
aspected, as even the best-trained horsesifear-the cold
flesh of those aspected to Yin. Membership in this wu
swells in number in times of trouble; those who survive
are granted permission to remain with the wu, should
they so choose.

Rjvairjes anp Djssenr

This is the face that Changan presefits)to outsiders:
Beneath the calm exterior, the city simmers with in-
trigue that might shock those expecting enlightened
detachment from Changan's inhabitants. Observant
insiders have noticed the Amber Wren wu'sicoffers
fairly spilling over since its members have taken over the
Yellow Emperor's communications withthe other courts.
Wu Lishanj Southern. Wind'6f the Amber Wren, has
publicly claimed great success in far-flung ocean trading

i 63

ventures, but the wu's detractors claim that the Amber
Wren is granting favors and promises that are not its to
deliver. The Illustrious Scribes have become the toast of
the town for their impassioned defense of their libraries
and printing facilities against unknown assailants. Frail-
seeming Bone Dancer Tan Xuan alone defended the
wu's printing blocks, the product of years of work, from
aflaming-sword wielding attacker. While not wishing to
seem ungrateful for the poems and dinners hosted in
their honor, the Illustrious Scribes are beginning to
agitate fér.a full investigation into the attack on their
holdings. And finally, the Bronze Pennant wu has swol-
Ten to a full dozen members, much to the consternation
of more diplomatic members of the court. Devil-Tiger
Wei Anzang, the First Oni, points impassively to the
wu's long-standing tradition of allowing Wan Kuei
pressed into service to remain withtheawu; meanwhile,
the court begins to wonderjust how many martial
emergencies Changan could be having.

Dujujxa (NORTHERN jNDjA)

The fertile shores of the holy Yamana River have
been inhabited for millennia. In,736 CE, the Tomar clan
of the mighty Rajput family claimed the green hills as
their own. They built opulent stone palaces and
earthwork fortifications and called their stronghold Lal
Kot; among the prizes within Lal Kot's sturdy walls was
thelron Pillar, a relic from the time of Emperor Ashoka,
famous for its pristine surface after years of exposure to
the elements. They raised a temple to the sun, the Suraj
Kund, high above the surrounding countryside on an
earthen mound and piped in fresh spring water from the
mountains asa sacred offering. Less than a century ago,
the Chauhan Rajput took Dhillika and the surrounding
territory, pushing the Tomars back into the hilly wilder-
ness. The Chauhans built a fortress of ramparts around
their new acquisition and called it Qila Rai Pithora.

Tt was by no means unusual for the Rajput clans to
make war on each other; in fact, that seems to have been
the source of their greatest joy. The clans of the Rajput
staked a claim to nobility and the right to rule by claiming
their common descent from a mythical creature of flame
that rose from the sacrificial fire pits of Mount Abu; each
bore the name Agnikula, "fire family," in honor of their
fiery ancestor. The other clans and families of the area
(the Rashtrakutas, Pfatiharas and Palas) were in no posi-
tion to disputethe Rajput claim to kingship, having
squandered their resources and manpower in decades of
internecine fighting. Sweeping over all resistance, the
Rajput clans claimed vast tracts of land, set up princedoms
and fiefs and proceeded to fight amongst themselves just
as theimpredecessors had done.

The Rajput brought the art of princely war in India to
new heights. The meanest of princes took on fabulous
titles, recording themselves in court documents as
Majarahadhiraja, "king of kings." Stylized, poetic insults

164

—— —
issued from luxufious throne rooms, and armies sallied
forth in reply. Muslim invaders from the northwest came
with astonishing regularity to loot andgpillagéprichly.
endowed Hindu temples and wealthy Brahman villages
— all.in the name of religious piety, of course." The:
invaders were forgotten as soon as they were gone, andthe
military games would begin again.

Only six years ago, in 1191 CBythe gamélénded.
Muhammad Ghori, a Central Asian princeybrought his
armies south through the mountains. He was not inter-
ested in carrying home golden statues of heathen gods —
he came to build an empire. His armies consisted mainly
of lightning-fast cavalry; the Rajput forces sennotiyin
tidy lines and\granditegalia to meet the inWaders were
mercilessly cut down, By the time the gwarrelsome
princes of the Agnikula perceived/the danger,
Muhammad had claimed Dhillika' and the Chauhan
region around it. His forces still ocoupy the city itself.
The invaders have dismantled the Qila Rai Pithora and
are building a grand mosque the first in India—called
the Quwwat-ul-Islam Masjid infits place. Adding insult
to injury, Qutb-ud-din*Aibak, a former slave turned
general, has begum€onstruction of a massive sandstone:
edifice: the'Qutb Minar, the Tower of Victoryd

Tue Fiery Patron

The Rajput clans, although as fractious as ever, are
not without considerable resources. The story of their
heritage is true: The four main clans, the Pariharas, the
Chauhans, the Solankis and the Pawars, are, in truth,
descended from a creature of fire —a venerable Wan Kuei
who is called Pariksit. Decades of meditation on the
nature of Yang and drinking in the fiery Chi from sacrifi-
cial flames came to culmination when the ancient vam-
pire descended from the mountain suffering from a nearly
human need —thedesireifonkin. There was no shortage
of chieftains willing to give their datighters as brides toa
beifig of such obvious power, and so, the Agnikula came
tobe. Through the intervening centuries, Pariksit hasnot
lethis fields lie fallow; the continuing prominence of hot-
temperedyhighly skilled warriors among his descendants
—and a precious fewwh@icall upon sorcerous might —is
a telltale sign/of the presence of dhampyrs. Now fully
aware of the seriousness of Ghori's invasion, the Rajput
warriors will fight as though possessed to regain their
kingdoms.

Pariksit — an elder of the heretical Dharma the
Flame of the Rising Phoenix is incensed by the inva-
sion. The Muslim forees threaten to destroy his grand
experiment; some Wan Kei sages posit that the very
existence of such a multitude of de'cendents leading
focused, vibrantly entangled lives might cteate a reservoir
of Yang Chi for Pariksit to tap: The other Wan Kueisinthe
area have been reluctant to enter the conflict to this
point; the Ghori armies are disciplined and dangerous,
and what have they to gain from Pariksit's continued
prominence? This reticence may, change: Pariksit has

eee,

— >»...

Apenpjx: Ciyes oF THE Drap _

made a handsome offer for assistance in defending his
children — the Iron Pillar. The Iron Pillar is his posses-
sion; although it stands in occupied territory, no other
shen would dare think to claim it. It is truly a remarkable
object; roughly 24 feet tall and 16 inches in diameter at
the base. Wrought from the purest iron, the pillar exists so
perfectly balanced in compositiomand shape between Yin
and Yang that wind,/rain, sun, and time itself have not
marred its surface. Pariksit, less interested in philosophies
of balance than in the raw power of Yang, cares little for
the relic but understands its value.

Dangerous Newcomers

Pariksit is not the only supernatural being with a stake
in the invasion. Cainite vampires from the West have
long coveted the raided wealth carried north on horse-
back. The occupation of Dhillika has granted the most
ambitious Western blood drinkers the opportunity to grab
for that wealth — and power — at the very source. The
local Ravnos Cainites, whom Pariksit has long graciously
allowed to pluck scraps from his metaphorical table, likely,
know more about these.nighttime invaders than*they
have chosen to divulge.

There are few Wan Kuei confident enough — or
desperate enough —=t0 share territory with the oft-unpre-
dictable Pariksit. Ofthose few,'the Thousand Whispers
currently.known as Abhrayanti is most tempted to take the
risk of acting against thé invaders in return for access to the
Iron Pillar. Abhrayanti has spent a full decade in her
current incarnation, however, and must soon choose anew
persona or risk falling from her Dharmic path.

Another newcomer to thesatea, the Godling
Harasekhara, has quietly set up/a devotional cult among
the lower castes. His followers might best be described at
this moment, as rabble, but their numbers\are steadily
growing beneath the notice of both Pariksit and the
Muslim invaders. Suchia force could prove'an unwelcome
Surprise to either or both sides of the conflict.

Day-to-day life has changed little for the mortal
inhabitafits of Dhillika. The palacesiand temples that the
invaders demolish are places'the lower castes)were not
permitted to go. The caste system in force.in the Rajput
kingdoms had become incredibly orthodox, placing more
Testrictions on fraternization and occupation than ever
before. The lower castes farm, craft, herd — and avoid

armies of any stripe.

Kamaxura (Eastern japan)

Nestled between Kamakura Bay and theé'Kiridoshi
cliffs, the city of Kamakura seems peaceful and serene.
Underneath its placid surface, however, the city isa balled
fist waiting to strike —and that fist belongs to Minamoto-
no-Yoritomo.

Yoritomo, Japan's first shogun, settlediinto Kamakura
following the Gempei War..The* city was wonderfully
situated in terms of defense: Enemies approaching by sea

165

found their entrance to the harbor hampered by the
Wakaejima, an artificially constructed island of jagged
rock; enemies approaching by land were forced along
narrow, winding paths carved from the stone cliffs, in full
view of platforms hewn from the cliffside to accommodate
Kamakura's defenders. Yoritomo made it clear that he was
in Kamakura to stay by relocating his family's ancestral
shrine, the Tsurugaoka Hachimangu. The village made
way for the Minamoto shogun; Wakamiya Ojji, the ap-
proach to the Minamoto shrine running straight from
Hachimangu to the sea, quickly became the main street of
the new cityof Kamakura. Samurai, those loyal to Yoritomo
and those visiting the city on the shogun's business,
worshiped the guardian deity of samurai warriors at the
shrine's Shinto and Buddhist ceremonies.

Three years ago, builders completed the main struc-
ture of Yoritomo's newest shrine, YokufujiTemple. Hand-
somely appointed with ponds, gardens and extensive
grounds, the temple was built to provide repose for the
souls of fallen warriors. At the temple's dedication, the
shogun burned incense in honor of hisbrother, Minamoto-
no-Yoshitsune, and the many others who died at his
brother's side, fighting in the northem provinces. In
response, the spirit of his brother.came to reside in
Yokufuji Temple — but not in repose.

The Restiess Dean

Yoshitsune's ghost was outraged. His brother, now
shogun, had been jealous of Yoshitsune's military victories
all through the Gempei War. Itwas Yoshitsune, not Yoritomo,
who drove the Taira family's warriors into the sea, and for
this, Yoritomo sent men to kill his brother. They failed.
Although he fled to the north with his wife and children,
Yoritomofound him and again ordered his death. Yoshitsune
gave his wife and children a kind death, then committed
seppuku. To find his.soul, not five years later, drawn to
Yokufuji Temple by his brother's deceitswas more than
Minamoto-no-Yoshitsune could take. The ghost of
Yoshitsune filled the grounds of Yokufuji Temple with
unease by dint ofhisunquenchable anger. Seeking out others
among the dead with cause to hate his brother, he gathered
to his side dead samurai of several.famnilies: Fujikawa, Taira,
Yasuda, Minamoto. All of them had died as a result of
Yoritomo's jealousy and arrogance. Several of them had been
granted the fortune to return to their own bodies.

To gather in this*way was dangerous; the growing,
palpable aura of darkness surrounding Yokufuji Temple was
frightening the local populace, who stepped up their sacri-
fices in ansattempt to appease the angered spirits. More
significantly, any large population of Japanese wraiths
might draw the attention of the Jade Emperor of the Yellow
Springs. Lastly, this "rebellion of the dead" could not fail to
catch the eye of the shogun's own unliving champions.

The gaki of Japan's Bishamon yji split violently over
the Gempei War and its outcome. Like the mortal samu-
rai, the Bishamon fought on both sides of the conflict,
facing each other on darkened, blood-slicked fields after

166

—
the human armiés weresforced to rest by the coming of
night. To the Bishamon samurai aligned with the Taira,
Minamoté6-no-Yoritomo,is a bad seed that wouldshave
been culled in childhood but for the mercy of the Taira
family; for such a man to commit these dishonérablé acts
while bearing the title of shogun is a disgrace to the entire
Japanese empire. To thosé aligned withthe Minamoto,
Yoritomo is the inheritor of a legacy,of military Goriquest
who has proved his strength and capability. by attaining
his current position. The shogun must be ruthless in
defense of the empire.

All unknowing, Yoritomo has gathered a super-
natural guard around Kamakura — a full wus6f his
Bishamon supporters. Under the leadership of Miura
Yasutami, the Blackest Night wu hasySworn itself to
protect the shogun from his otherworldly enemies.
They keep to the shadows out offnecessity, but they
have carefully placed retainers in Yoritomo's entou-
rage. And at night, of course, the shogun is never out of
their sight. The guardian wu /has skirmished with
Yoshitsune's rebellious followers, but both sides chose
the option of surviving'to,fight another night, haying
gained valuablesinférmation about the enemy.
Yoritomo's vampire defenders cannot entirely/protect
him from his ghostly harassers — eyen.with Ghostsight,
the skilled wraiths are diffiedlt'to detect.

Yh Yr

ZZ
VY

iy
Hie Mi)

Bioop & Six.

WNichMares oF THE SHOGUN

For. Yoritomo, the pressure is growing. The great
Supernatural présénce-around him is*becoming impos-
sible to ignore. Voices.comé*to him in the night, mur-
Muring curses and imprecations. Shadows blacker than
black dance across hispaper walls inthe absence of light.
Barely glimpsed figures disappear just as he turns his
head. Paranoid by nature, Yoritomo's response has been
to become increasingly irrational, lashing out at minis-
ters and samurai for imagined slights. He has continued
to build temples in the Kamakura area in an attempt to
remedy his situation, to no avail. He has employed
Buddhist and Shinto monks and priests to exorcise the
demi6ns that haunt him, threatening execution for those
who fail —andall have failed. The villagers of Kamakura
remain, quiet and respectful, giving the shogun's resi-
dence a wide berth to avoid drawing his ire.

Atthe moment, the Bishamon wu does not know who
Yoritomo's assailants are, only that the shogun must be
protected from a malevolent supernatural force for the
good of the empire. Should Miura Yasutami learn that the
insurgents aré led by Yoshitsune, the man who led the
Minamoto to victory, and the circumstances of
Yoshitsune's death, the balance of power in Kamakura
may shift decisively.


Aprennjx: Gres or tHe Dap

Kast; (Western Cuyna)

The city of Kashi, known as Kashgar in the Turkic
languages of the area, is balanced precariously among
cultures. Founded in ancient times by a Persian prince,
the Huns overran the ancient city in their second
century BCE surge westward. In'the first century BCE,
the region came undér Western Han Control, but by the
second century CE, it had_fallen to the,Uzbeks. The
Tang dynasty regained controljin the seventh century;
but when the dynasty, dissolved, a succession of Ti-
betan, Uighur and Arab armies overran Kashi. The city
is now technically under the control of the Xixia
kingdom, but that state has little actual control over
Kashi — the nomadic tribes of northern, China are
spoiling for war in the absence of a strong imperial
presence, and Turkic princes beyond the mountains
are also amassing armies of their own. To any aspiring
tribe, Kashi isa prize, a dusty gem by the side of the road
that will grant its finder incredible wealth.

Every successive group to controlithe city has left its
mark on the culture andthe people who live theré/ Along
Kashi's winding, hilly streets, it is possible to find Bud-
dhist pagodas,of wood and tile next.to buildings con-
structed from brickand sandstone. The majority of dwell-
ings are made of adobe covering crudely baked mud
blocks; these buildings are often two or three stories\tall,
built out over the nafrow streets until the upper stories
nearly touch in the middle.

The city itself has seen better days. In the haleyon
days of the Tang dynasty, Kashi was arguably the most
important stop on the Silk Road.Mérchants bearing the
treasures of China had already traveled hundreds of
dusty, dangerous miles around the Takla Makan Desert.
Those coming from the West —laden with glass, ivory,
gems and exotic herbs — had come just as far, and
pushed through icy mountain passes. Both Eastern and
Western merchants were ready to sell their goods, make
their ttades and return home. The vast bazaar of Kashi,
a great plain filled as faras the eye could see with donkey
carts, camels and tents swathed with bright fabrics, was
the place where they would meet. The bazaar still exists,
but the crowds are notso large and boisterous — the Silk
Road is a dangerous place to travel in these days, and
those who brave it are fewer and more desperate.

The vast majority of travelers and merchants never
explore further than Kashi. Those who do are not in
search of money or trade; they are monks and missionar-
ies, spreading their scriptures or seeking enlightenment in
far lands. These travelers are usually welcome — they
rarely cause trouble, are usually learned and polite and
carry news of far-off lands.

Nighy Matters

Theaffairs of Kashi's Hungry Deadarenotso different
from those of the mortals. Kashilis the most likely point of
entrance into the Middle Kingdom for the supernatural

167

creatures of the West and the most likely point of exit for
the intrepid Running Monkeys of the East. The city is
firmly under the control of the White Tiger Court — a
certain departure from mortal politics — yet the ancestor
of the city, Jiang Shahua, is willing to turn a blind eye to
discreet dealings with barbarian shen in public areas such
as the bazaar. This latitude is granted in service to her
greater charge: the protection of the Middle Kingdom
from unwanted supernatural incursions and the protec-
tion.of the secrets of the Wan Kuei from those who might
seek to exploit them.

The ancestor deploys the city's three wu to this end:
the Ministry of Gilt Diplomacy, whose charge is to search
out those foreign shen who would enter; the Fragrant
Conflagration, who interview those who seek to leave;
and the Talons of Jasper and Gold, whose grim task is to
eradicate the unwanted who refusestoyturn. back.

The role of the Ministry,of Gilt Diplomacy is often
easy — Western vampires have a charming tendency to
introduce themselves to nearly any being of power they
might encounter ina strange city. Themembers of thiswu
traveled extensively themselves during their Running,
Monkey periods; its members,are traditionally chosen
from those who gained permissiOn»to"leave the Middle
Kingdom and survived long enough to return. The ances-
tor watches them carefully, as it is possible that, in the
Course of their travels, they have become infected by
inappropriate ideas or, worse, incurred inappropriate debts.
Jiang might wish to employ more circumspect, orthodox
Wan Kueiin this role, yet those without a certain appetite
forisk rarely have the skills required.

Staidand reserved Wan Kuei instead find a place in
the Fragrant Conflagration wu. Their job is to thoroughly
examine the vampires who wish to leave: checking over
the tokens andilétters from the ancestor of the applicant's
court, interviewing the would-be world trayelér.in person
and reviewing the extensivevessays‘often requited from
the applicant to reach an accurate appraisal of his or her
Hun and P'o. The members of this wu do a very good job
of portraying the journey, west as dangerous —some have,
in fact, made the trip themselves and barely survived.
Their horror stories have conyinéed not afew young Wan
Kuei to abandon their rash plans.

The third wu, the Talons of Jasper and Gold, are
never mentioned to travelers. When in the judgment of
the ancestor, as advised by the appropriate wu, the
traveler is judgedatinfit to be permitted to leave (or, in
other cases, enter) the Middle Kingdom, it is the task of
the. Talons of Jasper and Gold to inform him that he
must turn around. Often, this news is not welcome, and
the traveler is likely to take out his hostility on the
messenger. The responsibilities of this wu were recently
held by the Darkness Eaters, a strong group gathered
from fierce nomad tribesmen who had drawn the Second
Breath. The Darkness Eaters performed their tasks with
grim skill; it remains to be seen how the Talons, their
replacements, will fare.

Boop & Six

se

Itis possible, of course, to bypass thé'€ruel judges of
Kashi. The‘greedy, arrogant or unbalanced traveler can
turn south, round.the Himalayas'and enter India. Sea
vessels make the stomach-wrenching journéyaround the
Indian subcontinent to China and Southeast Asia. [tay
Also be possible to bribe the guatdians of Kashi; Jiang
Shahuasanid héfcourt enjoy precious or exotic gifts as
much as the next vampire — and a suitable gift demon-
strates a grasp of culture that may redeem the traveler in
the eyes of the watchers of Kashi.

The ancestor herself deals with a very small frac-
tion of travelers — those who come to Kashi with the
name Zao-lat on their lips. These travelers, both Cainite
andyWan Kuei, meet with the ancestor in her private
quartets, behind closed doors. Those who walk out of
this meeting are invariably discreet; it is whispered that
Jiang slays outright those who would speak of what
transpires in her chambers. In the last decade, no fewer
than three travelers from the West have arrived in
Kashi, all bearing the third eye that is the mark of
practitioners ofChi'iu Muh. All three of these Cainites
have been pefmitted to travel within the White Tiger
Court with@iang's token. Courtiers in Urumqi gossip
openly that Emperor Da will call the ancestor of Kashi
to account sometime soon.

P' YONG' YANG
(Norriwest Korea)

The city of P'yong'yang in the Kingdom ofjKoryo is
located on alispicious ground. The geomancershave pro-
claimed it so because of the meanders of the river and the
particular gréen of the surrounding countryside. The
Kings'and emperors of Koryo have known that it is so
because it is strategically located at the last navigable
point of the Taedong River, 30 miles inland from the
Yellow Sea, and formany years; it has servedtto protect the
kingdom's northern border.

The city bears the scars of its duty. The first settle-
ment)was built by the legendary KingTangun as the
heart of the first Korean kingdom. It served.as the
capital of the Koguryo kingdom from 427 CE until the
kingdom was defeated in 668 CE by an alliance of the
Silla kingdom to the south and the Tang dynasty of
China. Nearly deserted after the fall of the Koguryo,
the population and prestige of the city languished;
Pyongyang's few residentslived in ramshackle build
ings among the tumbledown'tuins of the.city walls.
This situation remaineduntil King Chongjong, grand-
son of the'founder of the Koryo dynasty, rebuilt the
grand fortifications. Th@city received the designation
of Wéstern Capital; schools and governmental palaces,
theaters and temples were erected as befitting such an
illustrious title. The city took up once again its role as
guardian of the northern border, with the added bless-
ing of a wealth of culture.


Appenpjx: Cres oF THe Deap 169

The impressive ramparts of P'yong'yang held offthe own desire to rule after the death of King T'aejo. He
besieging forces of the Liao Emperor Sheng Tsung in- plotted the assassination of two kings before General
vaders in 1010. Twenty-five years later, betrayals from Wang Sing-nyom, commander of the P'yong'yang Gar-
within brought the armies of Koryo within the walls of _rison, hunted him down and executed him. On drawing
the city, not as defenders but as attackers. Seeking to his Second Breath, Wang Kyu made his way to
consolidate aristocratic control of the throne, a small P'yong'yang to wreak his vengeance on General Wang
cabal of P'yong'yang nativés"léd.by a Buddhist monk and his family.
named Myoch'ong ionMyoch'ong used The Court of the Azure Dragon, still recovering
his position as a mot in the court of from the chaos in mortal Koryo, has yet to confirm Wang

ve the capital e Ancestor of P'yong'yang. He knows that, due
of his kingdom from K i to his th" and lack of Dharmic progression, it is
when years of subtle i il}, unlikely the court will ever sanction his position.
Myoch'ong and his fellow conspirators ret Wang Kyu isas ambitious in death as in life, however; he
P'yong'yang to set up their own "kingdom," has resorted to his old tactics of sowing dissent and
rebellion was crushed quickly and decisi early murderto olidate his position as best he can in these
1136; Myoch'ong was beheaded, and the city of chaotic tii
P'yong'yang went up in flames. ; He i§ not without local op A Buddhist
The beleaguered city has had little opportunity to mon ed Hojil, once a ple o agitator
recover. A military coup instigated by the abuses of the M: g, has appeared, ‘yong' yang d the
civilian bureaucracy rocked the entir ryin1170. 4 ‘of 1136 by way of a side trip to Hell' as
Bloody conspirators, having achieved power throug blished a wu in the Taehwa at Flowering")
assassination and re; - e otl £ alace at Imwon, near P'yong'yang, built by
and again in ar vau~é Injong at Myoch'ong's urgingand abandoned after tl
another 25 yeat failed revolt. While he is as lu a candidate fo
slaves roai i ", fo ancestor as Wang Kyu, he has advantages. Most signifi
0 "hen. join cantly, he has successfully appropriated the name and
ese de facto armies | tion of his one-time mentor, Myoch'ong. The face
ig threat to the gove! il presents to the city is horribly scarred (from the
et by the invading armies, he claims); in his
of this chaos, General Ch'oe Pa) s robes and bearing Myoch'ong's talismans of
er Ch'oe Ch'ung-su rose to power one has thought to challenge his identity.
accepted meanssOf ass ation al $0 e strength of his Buddhist learning to supp:
ed the he obviously fell from the Eightfold P
the theoretical underpinnings
Way of the Resplendent C,

atial ancestors, and 4 1
vith di at to
f d mili-

: C

ed, poor
gry. Mo ss on, but even
tion of the fa ave taken the Road Back
overwhelmed the penins! reated as barely hu-

é y in life, they become ts in death, hungry for

e presence of the Pat é flesh of those who liv: axury while they starved.

While certainly one of the pal 1 ese chih-mei frequen eep over the city walls,
the populace in order to bez the keeping the Night P and the city's shen on their
bushes, it also serves to p c om guard. The mons; ack with an eerie coordination,
the denizens of the night. The conflagra 036 yet captured demonstrate no intelligence,
either destroyed the ancestor 6 ang oF i g and rapacious hunger. Most shen
~~ into hiding from which she has yet to walls assume these chih-mei to have
roung W/an Kuei, Wang Kyu, stepped immedia some small amount of soldierly training. Pessi-
t place. One of the founding fathers of the ist that it is far more likely that someone, or

~ kingdom, Wang Kyu had a difficult time quashing g, has taken control of the cannibalistic hordes.

x!

Ly


Strength @00000 Charisma @00000 Perception @00000
Dexterity______@®0O0000 Manipulation. @®00000 Intelligence @00000
Stamina @00000 Appearance @00000 Wits. @00000
= ABjLTIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, 000000 Animal Ken. 000000 Academics———0O 00000
Athletics_____0 00000 Archery 000000 Enigmas. O0o00000
Brawl 000000 Crafts. 000000 Investigation 000000
Dodge 000000 Etiquette 000000 Law. 000000
Empathy. 000000 Martial Arts 000000 Linguistics. 000000
Expression 000000 Melee 000000 Medicine___-_0 00 00 0
Intimidation 000000 Performance 000000 Occult 000000
Leadership. 000000 Ride 000000 Politics 000000
Streetwise 000000 Stealth 000000 Rituals 000000
Subterfuge 000000 Survival 000000 Science 000000
ADVANTAGES —————
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS GUANXI
000000 Oo00000
O00000 Oo00000
Oo00000 o00000
Oo00000 Oo00000
oO00000 o00000
HEALTH
DHARMA
HUN Bruised Q
O000000000 Hurt "1
Injured 23 Ui |
WILLPOWER Wounded = =-2 O
M .
0.0000 OO 0 @0 5 os G
Qoo0ggogdnoadnonoNddNd Incapacitated Q
DEMON GODBODY

ro
O0O0N0000000

ree a

Q0Q00do0goonoo00
DEMON CHI

|


OTner Trajts ——

000000 000000 000000
o00000 oo00000 OoO00000
o00000 oo00000 O00000
000000 oo00000 oo00000
o00000 OoO00000 O00000
Merjts & Flaws Rites
Name Cost Name Lever
EXPERJENCE jMBALANCE
Tora:
Tora: Spent:
Spent on:
Comat —————
Weapon Damace Vs. Meee | Vs. Missir | Concear ARMoR


-Expanpep BackGRouND

Axijes jNFLUENCE
Cowracts Menror
Fane Nusj
Herp Resources
HoROSCoPE RETAjNERS
aa aaa eel
Jave Taijsoans Macjca Arrracts

——— Havens ———_

LocaTjon DescrjpTjon


APPEARANCE

Ace.

Aprarcnr Ace

Dar: or Byrth

Srconp Brea

Har

Eves

Narjonayry

Weigur.

Visuais
Wo Cuarr Cnaracter SKETCH


e Fourth Age of the World, and

hat is beaticifillogholy dying. Cainites and other
jonsters te a new sep along the Silk Road, while in the

i i inst the heavens.
and blood — and it

tw
" beckons you.

Entec a pig = ‘hat Is
NotYour Own

of Darkness: Blood & Silk i ical souréebook
entire World of Darkne: 18a "historical

look at the Kuei-jin of the
) Kingdom. From the inttuders from the West to the Ferocious
‘People of the Fourth Ags vey yerything you need to transport
your chronicle to a awe and fear awaits you:

y Wo Darkness:
8 loo && of? Includes:

© Complete source: n the Middle Kingdom at the
twilight of the Fourd cluding the Five August Courts
of the Wan Kuei; ar?

at now- smn Disc ips practiced by the
id;

CAM) Eas aa MAT) URE OMT NODS

OPTHE EAST

AMPIRE

we eT Tr
‘THE DARK FIGES ORID of
