# File: Bone Flowers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


We call it the Black Metal Egg





The ugly section
not large. But
every day. Pe

T will walk through th
as necessary to learn


a)
ee oe, {

=
He strikes at me with a agp Iam as hard to strike as the retreating
clawed hand, but I yield . g "A tide, My flesh recoils from his touch, and

i (a he has done nothing but leave himself
I, N open. I do not strike back. Where is the
{

Mi 4 Cold Mind in that?
ha \ ih Tes —

Tt would seem that you are less fierce than
the legends had suggested, Devil-Tiger.
Perhaps being the lapdog of the Yama Kings
has made you weak?

His anger is too great for
him to express, The child
is forgotten now. I yield
fall back, yield and fall
back again

The sharpened metal beam is my
work. The workmen will wonder what
it is doing here in the morning


Nee DS — 2, Se


Tue Comp Mjnp anp THE SHapowW SonG
By Krajg Biackweiner

2 ©) Bone Flowers
Crepjts
Written by: Kraig Blackwelder Special Thanks:

e. he To Richard "Big Shoes" Dansky, for leaving us all with a
Digelpement by: Richard E. Dansky and Philippe Ba Benlle legacy of truly superior material and setting a standard that

Additional Material by: Geoffrey C. Grabowski and Cynthia Reeps meiipiar night
Summers « i "Ch 4
eating bye John Chimbers ToKen "One Head, Eighteen Hats" Cliffe, for shepherding

the transition with only occasional chaos in the middle of his

Art Direction by: Rich Thomas Own peceatial Reckoning.

Art by: Melissa Uran, Michael Gaydos, Drew Tucker

Front Cover and Comic: Melissa Uran

Layout and typesetting by: Becky Jollensten and Aaron Voss
Chinese Language Assistance: Ellen P. Kiley

BX

iy 735 PARK NORTH BLID.

B SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

Ljve-Actjon AparraTjons FOR
Laws or THe East

Like Dharma Book: Devil-Tigers before it, this
book contains sidebars to let you integrate the mate-
tial herein with Laws of the East, the Mind's Eye
Theatre supplement for the Middle Kingdom.
Whether you use dice or rock-paper-scissors, you'll
find all you need to portray followers of the Song of
the Shadow in these pages.

Look for the live-action section in Chapter
Three: Bones and Shadows. There, you'll find tips for
using Bone Flowers in live-action situations and for
representing their special powers.

WHITE WOLF
CANE STUDIO

© 2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for
personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade,
Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Dark-
ness and Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the
Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers
Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, Dharma Book Bone
Flowers, The Thousand Hells, Kindred of the East, Kindred of
the East Companion, Shadow War, Dark Kingdom of Jade,
Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures, Dharma Book Devil-
Tigers, World of Darkness Hong Kong, Time of Thin Blood,
Laws of the East and World of Darkness Tokyo are trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All charac-
ters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in
these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction
and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discre-
tion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

FARCE OF LONTENTS

Manga: Beno THE PjLLaR

Tue StTjLNESs oF SHapows (Overview) 4
The jNsTRUCTION oF MasaHjro (CuLrurE & Prjtosopny) 10
The Many Qujer Ways (Structure) 30
Bones anp SHapows (Rus & Apvjce) 52
Masks jn THe Darkenep Theatre (Tempiares) 70

ApPENDjx: Perrecr Masters 84


‘The Srumess oF Suapows ; 5

sense B

THE STICCNESS ©
OF SHADOWS

"s, This‘is the essence of Yin:
Stillness where the other is loud.
To be chilled where the other is warm.
Yielding where the other is rigid.
To be moist where the other is dry.
To be absent where.the other is.
There is nothing else. ps

Worns oF THE ANCESTOR

The Bone Ancestor of Chongqing recently prepared
an edifying text about the Song of the Shadow Dharma
to be taught to hin who thought they were inclined
toward this path. She sent it to the Bone Flower ances-
tors in Changan, Seoul, Tokyo and Beijing via e-mail.
It has sincebeen named the Internet Sutra.

Even the wisest among us has her regrets. It is
the way of all. things that have ever lived. It is my

"most earnest regret that I cannot listen to every

ghost Who wishes to:speak with me. The knowledge
is really..what I'm seeking: It is the one*key that
opens this Black Metal Egg. And even after 30

lifetimes, I still have not‘leatned everything. There
is so much, so very much. The secrets collectedby
the dead are seemingly as plentiful as cherry blos-
soms in April, and then there are these) Internet
connections, these books, these scrolls‘from Meru;
Of at least that's what the crazy man said: And [
watch the screen, and I read the scrolls, and | listen
to the ghosts —so very many ghosts'since the great

.storm, how shall I speak with them all? Before ano

storm, it was much quieter here.

I prefer the quiet. Or)failing that, a whisper,
perhaps the briefwhisper of'a ghostly companion. I

apie silence, and I prefer solitude. J am not one for "
¢ Warm and sweaty masses of humanity. That is a
ath for the othets.'They are too warm for me, the
ving. They shiver in my presence and glance at me
askance as if to" Say, "Why are ‘you so cold, old
_ woman? Are you dead that you make me shiver so?"

temember that the Middle Kingdom does not belong
~~ to the living alone. It belongs to the living and the
dead and the spirits and the half-dead and the
_ bestial half-spirits they call thehengeyokai. All
family under tiany the ceilisig of Heaven.
But I still prefer not to leave this gteat temple of
knowledge. There is too much to learn totbe doing.
‘Had I not obligations to my wu, it is unlikely that I
ild leave this comforting half-darkness. I am of
this place,.and itis of me. Yin is sttong here. I make
it so im.my arrangement of the pool and in the'near
absence of light and in the fungus garden I cultivate.
e e it so by keeping a chill in. the air. It ismost

"imappropriate for the dead to forget that they are _
death(as the Dragons. must someday realize), and the.

chill reminds me of; my place under HeavensFhe
smell of fungus and the Constant drip of water, these

are simultaneously the trappings:and the comfort-

ing'echoes of what I have become.

‘Here is something I have learned: It always falls
to Bone Flowers to write things. Devil-Tigers and
Dragons have no time to write. Centipedes cati only
ite while wearing" some of their masks and not

"while wearing others, Cranes can write, but only if

they're reminding someone of her obligations under

rE Heaven. Most repetitive, the-Cranes. But we teach
and chronicle and write. You'd think the Bone

,, Flowers were the scribes of Heaven. Scholars have

‘always been used to others' ends. That is; perhaps,

"ewhy so many,haye embraced the study of more...
‘spitited subjects Oflate. "Listening to the Song of

the'Shadow no longer means sitting inja temple all
night, august ancestor," they say to me, wrapping
their disdain in respectful words, as though they
"could ever wrap any words up so well that I could not

see what was inside. As though T hadn't done 1,000
_ ‘times what they are goingout to do this night. An

Seancestor does not become an ancestor without learn-
ing all the myriad wa' Yin and all its uses, both

bluntand subtle. 3

It ishmost inelegant to win after fighting. Only *
slightly less: elegant is to win while fighting. The

is most elegant Way to winis without fighting, and |
isn't that ‘one of Yin's many secrets? Theymoment
befofe a fight has infinitely more potential. It can

‘ shift andslide anda million outcomes can'be''plucked,
__ like petals from dying flowers..Once ie fight has

en

he

begun, there are many fewer options. Fight. Flee.
«Win. Lose. Most inelegant. And once the fight is
7 lone, areythere not still fewer possibilities? Win.

Bille:

But then they remember their manners, and they

Bone Flowers

Lose. Letthe Devil-Tigers and the Dragons rage and
bluster like the storms of summer; my enemies do
not fight me. Fight a Devil-Tiger, see a Devil-Tiger.
Fighta Dragon, see a Dragon. Fight a Bone Flower,

see anjunexpected sunrise. My enemies do not see

me. They €onsume their Chi and realize too late
that thé blood was poisoned. My enemies discover
midday that the oil over thesphosphorous has finally
dripped away.... The urge to dominate and swagger
and see the fear in the enemy's eyes, it is all so
uncouth, so... Western. I do not seek confronta-
tion. I seek results. It is cleaner. There is no'pride.

There is absence of pride. That heckling loathsome

voice is quiet in us. That is the' difference between
thugs ‘and assassins. Thugs want tobswagger and
intimidate and _browbeat more than they want to
succeed. Assassins want simply to proceed to the
next objective.

Is it cold, that idea? That is the word I so often
heat. Cold.\As though it were a bad thing. There are
ther words that one*Could use. Controlled. De-

resonates swith Shadow Songs everywhere: cold-

minded. It is as though that phrase sums' up the —

essence of our Dharma. We are minded. Mindedas in
possessing minds and using them, minded as in obeyed.
And We are cold. As in detached. All that makes us
what we are, we attribute to that concept. We are
assassins because we are cold-minded. We are vivi-
sectionists becausé we are cold-minded. We are dip-
lomats because we are cold-minded. It is the Yin that
calms our minds and takes away the heat ‘mirage
of passions.

Without Phe principle of Cold Mind to guide us,

Bone Flowers are hand shadows on the wall.

When 1am in my wu, lam novthe fist..1 am not
the heart: | am notthe teeth. I am the eyes and the
Cold. Mind. And without eyes, men stumble and
fall. And without the Cold Mind, men act rashly. So
too the wi. %

» It is all riddles and darkness.

~-==,Ku Zu, Bone Ancestor of Chongqing'.

Hear THE QujeT Sonc

For millennia, Kuei-jin-following the Song of
the Shadow have been preparing. These "Bone Flow-

hed. Unresponsive. And, of course, the term that *

;

bsttga

ets" have lurked in dusty libraries, journeyed to the ©

ends of the Earth and voyaged into the worlds be-
yond the Wall. They have trafficked with Yama
Kings, fought alongside Devil-Tigers and intrigued
with Resplendent Cranes. They have gathered a
great library of secret knowledge'at Chongging and
established other hidden temples, rich in Yin Chi.

"They have become ambassadors to the shen and_

experts On the Restless Dead in particular. They
have learned»the artsof stealth and assassination.


‘The Sruness oF SHavows

They have mastered the perfect emotionless state of
the Cold Mind. They have supported the Five*Au?
gust Courts of the Quincunx, the Japanese uji and
the Green Courts of Korea. They have. destroyed
some Kin-jin and protected others.

All this, the Bone Flowers have doné to ready
themselves for the storm now raging in the Under-
world and preparing to scour the Middle Kingdom.
To ready themselves for the dreaded Sixth Age.

The Sjxtn Ace

If such.a thing is possible, Bone Floweérs:dread
the coming of the Sixth Age more than any other
Kuei-jin. Knowledge, truth and learning ate early
casualties of any despotic regime, ‘a°fact to which
any historian of the Middle Kingdom can attest.
Bone Flowers frequently point: to. Cambodia two
decades ago. Pol Pot's systematic execution of schol-
ars and any who wore glasses orspoke more than one
language was a terrifying omen of things:to come.
Those who follow the Song of the Shadow fully
expect to be treated in a similat fashion once the
‘Age of Sorrow arrives. ‘

Many ancestors near to attaining The Hundred
Clouds are"driying themselves mefCilessly to reach
that most exalted state, so that they may transcend
this world before the Demon Emperor takes his
throne. Other ancestors call this behavior self-sery-
ing and not‘in line with the principle of Yin. These
others continue to work with the less enlightened
and know that when the Tenth Dawn comes, they
will be ready. This emotional detachment and open-
ness to receiving wisdom is the epitome of the Cold
Mind, the guiding principle-of the Dharma.

Bone Flowers. will assumé a number of roles
based on the tenets of their Dharma once the. Sixth
Age erupts. They will endeavor to maintain a cer-
tain basic level of cohesiveness among mortal'. and
shenthrough diplomacy, they will protect their gath-
ered knowledge: from utter destruction, and they
will attempt ‘to safeguard the institution of the
family (however they define it) through the horrors
of the Sixth Agéy

There ate certain Bone Flowers.whose training
is almost exclusively in stealthvand memorization.
Their role is to memorize the great writings of the
Kuei-jin scholars "and to keep as low-a profile as
possible during the Sixth Age, hopefully to last
through the Age and bring their learning to a'pre-
sumably ignorant populace. Those Bone Flowers
who opt to study alone and not. become part of awu
are often chosen for this duty, called da xue, mean-
ing "the great learning."


oDores py THe Fjrrn Age
Save'for those dedicating themselves to da xue
alone, the Bone Flowers continue their traditional
Toles as part of their preparation for the Age of
Sorrow. They continue to study and explore, to
ledrn from the other Dharmas in courts and wu; to
traffic with the.dead and the spirits and to learn
_ the ways of stealth, espionage and assassination.
Despitesthe fact that most see them as reclusive
scholars, these‘diities bring Bone Flowers out into
the world (and worlds): st
< The tenets of the Dhatma give a rough idea of

se known as the Black Metal Egg) is primary. Then
comes respect of the family andsthe dead. Stealth,
assassination and espionage are means to these ends,
employed to bring the stillness of Yin to a chaotic
tha and violent world. »
Ei}, Bone Flower: finds her own balance i in the
_ tenets. She learns from her mentors and studies Wea
wu-mates. She deals with the ghosts and the 5
In these ways, she #2 gains understandingw@hd, ul me
mately, enlightenment? The following pages reveal
the ways in which Bone Flowers learn of their path
a ~and-interpret its tenets. Each one studies BG Black
Metal Ege in her own way. 4

a",

How ro Use Tus Boor.

"Dharma Book: Bone ers is your guide to
the Song of the Shadow, one of the paths of enlight-
i enment set forth in ancient times by the Grand
Arhat Xue. This chapter provides a-basic overview
. of the-Dharma, while each subsequent chapter ad-
lfesses a specific Point.

™ The Instricti
Pr an insight on the education of younger Bone Flow-
ers at the feet of their more enlightened mentors.
Along the way, the lessons taught to Masahiroyhigh-
m light the culture and philosophy of the Dharma.
2 ‘The young student must understand what a Bone
Flower believes, why She. believes it and how she
ss ehicveg it.
The Many Quiet Aye eRamines the overall
structure of the Dharma throughout the Middle
Kingdem and Beyond. Some areas are centers of
Bone-Fléwer influence and learning, such as the
Bone Court of Chongqing or the Green Courts of
Korea, while other places look askance-at the pale
necromancets of the Dharma. This section also gives
insight into the Bone Flower role-in the Great Leap
Outward and the Dharma's outlook on/the various

» other denizens of the Middle Kingdom.
Bones and Shadows provides you with a plethora
""sof.tools for playing and portraying Bone Flower

the balance of these duties; The pursuitof knowl-
-edge, understanding and the Yin principle (together ™

n of Masahiro provides you wih :

: : 5) Bone Fiowers

characters in your chronicle. These include new
Traits, Discipline techniques and rites, as well as
suggestions for preludes; character concepts and
otherelements suitéd to the Dharma. This chapter
also contains rules and advice for using Bone Flow-
ets in live-action. play.

Masks in the Darkened Theatre and Perfect
Masters provide you with*avariety of Bone Flower
characters to use at your leisure. Some of these are
templates suitable as starting characters, and others
are luminaries and rising stats inthe Dharmé. The
latter can serve as contacts, allies or mentors for
young Kuei-jin — or even as their rivals or nemeses.

Lexjcon

Scholars and thinkers, Bone Flowers have de-
veloped whole languages separate from the other
Dharmas and the cultures of the Middle Kingdom.
Learning requires communication, however, so most
Shadow Songs speak mortal tongues, although they
add, borrow and transform terms to represent their

* beliefs and, discoveries. Following are some of the

more important teriis, which crop up throughout
this book.

Black Metal Egg, the: A central Bone Flower
metaphor, it represents both the Yin principle and
ultimate enlightenment. Like many Bone Flower
metaphors it is best understood in context.

Cold Mind: At its most*basic, Cold Mind is a
State of preternatural calmoand lack of emotion.
Boné Flowers use the term to represent many other
related concepts, however, so that full meaning is
only clear through context.

da xue: The great learning. The term most prop-
erly refers tothe duty of some.wu-less Bone Flowers
to. memorize great texts and preserve them through
the Goming Sixth Age. More loosely, the term refers
to the pursuits of Bone Flowers who opt not to join
wu in order to pursue their own studies.

»Empty Hand, the: One of two Bone Flower
schools of thought on the subject of akuma. Its
members believe they must keep themselves freé of

taint but have no right to interfere with another's

quest for knowledge, regardless of the cost of that
quest.

Fishhooks, the: The second of two Bone Flower
schools of thought on the subject of akuma. The
Hooks study, interrogate, trick and torture akuma.
In so doing, they seek to understand the Yama Kings
and damnation without risking their own souls.
They will door say anything to get information from
an dkuma. ¢

koan: A riddle or-paradox that hides deeper
meaning. Bone Flowers use these not only as their
teaching method, but as they advance along the

‘The Sruness or Suapows

Dharma, as their main means of communication.

li: A magical rite. The word means, simulta-
neously, "ritual" and "universal principle."

Quiet Song, the: The Song of' the Shadow
Dharma, also "Shadow Song" or "Singing Shadow
Path." Also used to mean a follower‘of the Dharma,
like "Bone Flower."

Resplendent Phoenix Box: A positive meta-
phor for the Yang principle; the opposite number of

9

the BlackyMetal Egg.

Sweaty Excited Man, the: A derogatory term
for the Yang principle, used among' younger' Bone
Flowers' to represént the almost sexual appeal of
giving in to Yang. Also"The' Sweaty Man."

tidwsHeaven. Bone Flowers (and other Kuei-
jin) of the Quincunx often speak of:their duties
under tian, especially when discussing things they
must do despite personal inclination.



‘The justauction oF Masanjro

FNE
LASFRULCFION
OF MASANTRO

The mentor-student bond, always important to Kuei-
jin, is even more critical to Bone Flowers. The Song of the
Shadow centers on learning and understanding, and a
teacher's lessons slake the young hin's first thirsts. Bone
Flowers often collect mentors over their existences, seeking
instruction from different jina and mandarins while still disciples.

The following letters provide an example of Bone Flower
instruction. Although both teacher and student are Japa-

nese, Shadow Songs teach these lessons in various forms
across the Middle Kingdom.

The OcEAN AND THE
MountTajns

Masahiro,

I must first say to you "welcome." Or should it be
"welcome back"? When I saw you die, I hoped you
would die beautifully and well and find a more lasting
peace than my own. I must also tell you now, before you
begin getting nervous, that I harbor no animosity to-
ward you for the way I ended my living days. You were
simply doing what I would have done in your position.
You were just the more clever of us. That said, I must
confess a selfish pleasure at the thought of your most
knowledgeable company. It has been determined that
I shall be your teacher on this side of death. | am
surprised that the ancestors of the uji feel I know

enough to teach, but in the Fifth Age, things are
hurried, and empty formality must be dispensed with
— except by the Cranes, evidently. I welcome your
company because I have always envied your most
remarkable intellect. On those occasions when I medi-
tate upon my Dharma, I think of it as walking alongside
an enormous river. I do not see how far away the ocean
is behind me, but rather, how distant the mountains
are ahead of me. | will teach you well, and with your
quick mastery of knowledge, perhaps you will be teach-
ing me in 100 years or when next we meet. Please do
not mistake knowledge for enlightenment, however.
You will quickly discover that the things we learn are
less valuable than the steps we take to learn them.

For you, | will momentarily put aside the riddles in
which I wrap my words. In time, the riddle will be your
most fluent tongue just as it is mine, but for now, with
your head still full of death and pain and Hell, I think
I'd best be as forthcoming as I can remember how. | will
make no promises for my success. If I say something
that makes no sense, assume that it has meaning, and
think on it. Know that it is not my intent to misguide
or deceive you in any way. If I say something that
strikes you as insane, discard my words, but hold onto
the sense of what I say. Perhaps you will learn some-
thing more valuable than anything mere directness
could convey. Birds in cages cannot fly.

You have seen the First of Ten Dawns and chosen

to walk the road of the scholar, listening to the voice of
Yin. I knew you would. When one first takes the
Second Breath, when one has just learned the name
and the tenets of the Dharma one will follow, one
begins to play a game with oneself. What Dharma
would my lover follow, what Dharma would my sister
follow, what Dharma would my friend follow... if she
were to take the Second Breath? It is a game that
remains interesting for all of a year, if that. There are so
many things of greater weight to ponder that games fall
quickly by the wayside. When I played that old game,
however, I thought about you, my respected enemy,
and I knew that if you were to become one of us, one of
the Kuei-jin, you would follow the Song of the Shadow
as well. You were too much my rival to do otherwise.
You have that curiosity in you. You always liked the
smell of books, the hunting down of new words, the
sense of accomplishment when you gained some new
knowledge. You too found yourself more interested by
the words on the page than by the dullards who milled
about you with their mouths hanging open and their
glazed-eye stare. And now, you too have fallen. You
certainly took your time. And you too have found a
rope to climb back up. And it is the same rope I have
been climbing since my Second Breath. It is a cold
rope. A subtle rope. A dark rope. But if you are persis-
tent, it will take you where you wish to go, and you shall
become, as I am, a Bone Flower.
Respectfully,
— Dojima An

The Copness oF ¥jn
Masahiro,

Lam pleased to see you coming along so quickly. I
sense that, perhaps, you are feeling discouraged. Do
not. If you bring to bear the Cold Mind, you will
succeed where it seems only failure is possible. If you
take a child, feed him candy and excite him with lurid
stories, he will not read the words in the book in front
of him. That is because of the hot mind. Hot mind
favors doing and moving. Cold Mind favors knowing
and thinking. The self-control granted by cold-
mindedness is what allows Bone Flowers to ignore pain,
to spend month after month doing nothing but study-
ing old books, to wait for one's target like a spider in its
web. You will learn 1,000 lessons in a day; most of them
will hurt a little, and some of them will hurt a good deal
more than that. Let me soften what blows I may by
giving you the fundamental principles of what is, in
effect, your new religion.

We are Bone Flowers, followers of the Song of the
Shadow, adherents of the principle of Yin. We call Yin
the key to the Black Metal Egg. Once you have gained
enough parts of the key, you will be able to unlock the
egg. I am told by those wiser than I that the contents of
the egg are most engrossing. We strive to be the buddhas
of the still winter night. We observe and learn and

analyze and record. We are the minds of Kuei-jin
society, just as the Cranes are the morals and the Devil-
Tigers are the claws. Hold this knowledge like a lover.
It will grant you rationality that others do not have in
moments of trouble. My sensei in the Song of the
Shadow insists that this distance, this insulation from
the moment, is what lets us advance much more quickly
toward our Dharma. I have not yet chosen what to
think of this.

Do not wonder why you have not yet seen me,
worthy friend. I shall indulge in the virtue of restraint
for weeks to come. You are still burning from Yomi; I
can smell it. Words on the page are colder, more
soothing to your mind. Voices, particularly the voice of
an old enemy, can feel like hot oil on skin already
burnt. Your solitude is preventative.

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

KREEPERS OF THE Biack.
Meta Ecc

Masahiro,

You are adapting well. Your mind has cooled
down enough that you are ready to hear my little
stories. Before you read them, however, let me tell you
about the world in which they take place. The foun-
dation of our Dharma consists of eight tenets. The
eight are all that underlay our Dharma. While some
courts may emphasize the various tenets differently,
all eight are always taught together. To do otherwise
would be heresy, and while there are, on occasion,
important lessons to be learned from heresy, the

4 4

The Ejgut Bone Flower Teners
1: Bathe in the breath of the Ebon Dragon, but
Pitcld fast ro che Scarlet Queen's teardrop.
2: Behold the pillar of the family, and safeguard
\ it against vandals and thieves.
. 3: Kiss the spirits in their houses and the ghosts
in their shrouds. Both are lonely and adore the
healing touch.

4: Gather what youcan from the falling leaves of
knowledge.

5: Press the truth like fine paper, and ink it with
the visions you have seen.

6: Give freely of your knowledge, but wrap it up }

f like'a precious gift.

7:Look beyond the obvious, and discernadeeper
meaning.

8: Console the grieving, and remind them to
respect the dead.

dat
i

Ne

The justucrion oF Masanino

ancestors are highly critical of those who do not treat
all eight tenets as the fundamental guideposts that
they are. But I am being too blunt. You are neither a
child nor a Devil-Tiger. I apologize for insulting your
intelligence. | must begin treating you like the Bone
Flower you are to become.

Here is your most valuable lesson. An egg that is
too easily cracked is of no value because it will break
before its time. An egg that cannot be cracked is
likewise of no value because its contents cannot be
extracted. We followers of the Song of the Shadow are
the keepers of the Black Metal Egg. I hope you like
riddles.

Tut GarDENeR AND THE EMPEROR

Now, let me tell you about the ancient history of
the Bone Flowers.

Millennia ago, there was a master gardener in the
employ of the old emperor. The emperor was most
demanding. He visited the master gardener one day
among the blossoms he was tending. "The old trees that
you grow are no longer pleasing to me," the emperor
said. "I have seen those flowers every spring. I have
tasted those fruits every autumn. I want new trees.
They should be unusual. They should please the heart
and edify the mind. Furthermore, they should have

Dee

Fy

exotic blossoms and nourishing fruit. You will find such
a tree within five years, or I will put you to death for
incompetence."

The old master gardener listened to all this. When
the emperor was done, the gardener nodded respect-
fully and smiled to himself as he walked away, for he
had worked for many emperors before this one.

The gardener traveled all through the summer,
looking for new trees with exotic blossoms and nour-
ishing fruit. He spoke with the gardeners from other
lands. They extolled the virtues of cherries, persim-
mons and plums. Of lychee and rambutan. Of coconut
and oranges and dates and even exotic pomegranates.
These trees, the master gardener knew already. He had
not become the master gardener for nothing.

He went far to the west, to a place of many un-
learned persons, where they spoke of dates and figs and
apples (all of which, he knew, the emperor would not
care for); he asked if they could show him a tree with
exotic blossoms and nourishing fruit, and they said,
"Our gardener has murdered his brother, our shepherd.
We have cast him out as punishment and so have no
way to show you any blossoms or fruit. Can you show us
your ways?" The master gardener was horrified that a
gardener should become a murderer and that his people
should be rash enough to cast him out without finding


14

another to replace him. "I cannot," said the nonplused
master gardener, and he left and vowed never to enter
that place again.

By the beginning of the winter, the master gar-
dener had collected the seeds of five plants that he had
never seen before. The master gardener found the
number five most auspicious, and he was quite pleased.

He planted the five seeds in the spring. By the
following spring, one of the trees had already grown as
high as his waist. Its flowers were bright red and dripped
a sweet scarlet sap that smelled like childhood and
attracted flies. The gardener showed these to the em-
peror, who only nodded. When the fall came, the fruit
from this tree had a rubbery skin. It was thick and fleshy
and pulsed on the tongue when bitten. The gardener
gave the fruit to the emperor who took a bite and
promptly spit it out. "It is trying to be something it is
not. It does not serve an emperor well to eat of the fruit
of self-deception." The emperor left then for a private
bedchamber meeting with the empress.

The following spring, another of the new trees was
large enough to bloom. Its blossoms were blue one day
and scarlet the next and bright yellow the next. It was
surely the most colorful tree in the garden, and the
gardener had great hopes for the fall. When fall came,
the gardener offered the emperor the multicolored fruit
of the tree. The emperor took a bite and then spit it out.
It was hollow, like a dried gourd. "It is full of emptiness
and confusion. I am not certain if I like it. 1 am not
certain that I do not like it. It does not serve an emperor
well to eat of the fruits of indecision." Then the em-
peror staggered slowly from the garden.

The gardener was shaken. Previous emperors had
not been 0 difficult to please. He hoped that several of
the trees would blossom the next year, but it did not
come to pass. Only one of the trees had flowers, but
those blossoms were unique among all flowers. The red
blossoms burned with hot, tiny flames. The master
gardener was pleased; surely this flower would give rise
to a strange and delicious fruit that the emperor would
find pleasing. The flowers were certainly unique in all
the world. But when fall came, the fruit was hard and
covered with spines. The emperor cut the spines off and
took a bite and promptly spit it out, along with a
mouthful of blood. He glared at the gardener. "It is full
of acid and anger and pain. It does not serve an emperor
well to eat from a fruit that causes him harm." The
emperor stormed out of the garden, barely able to
control his rage.

The master gardener was becoming concerned. He
could make things grow, but he knew nothing about
these trees. If he did not find a tree that the emperor
liked soon, he would be determined to have no merit,
and he would be put to death.

The fourth of the five trees burst into bloom the
following spring. Its small white blossoms were evenly

Bone Fiowers

spread along the branches, and they were each pre-
cisely alike. It was certainly a soothing tree to look at.
As the summer passed, it put out fruits that were
precisely alike in shape and color and size. The emperor
arrived in the garden at the peak of the harvest. The
master gardener offered the fruit. The emperor ac-
cepted it and took a bite. He chewed for a moment.
Then, he spat it out. "This fruit tastes of obligation and
is dry as a legalist's scrolls. It does not serve an emperor
to eata fruit that makes him thirstier than before he ate
it. Bring me water now, to quench my thirst." When
the emperor had drunk the water, he cast a judgmental
eye at the master gardener and strode most decorously
from the garden.

The gardener was horrified. There was one remain-
ing tree, and its sickly black trunk and feeble branches
were unlikely to produce flowers, much less bear the
weight of fruit. The winter was a time of great despair
for the master gardener.

In the spring, he watched the last tree carefully. To
his surprise, it produced a single white flower made of
a thin shell of bone. If he squinted, the flower looked
like a skull to him. The gardener was horrified. "If this
blossom bears fruit, it will be too dry, it will be too hard,
and it will have no flavor. Surely, [am to die this autumn."

As the summer passed, the blossom of bone
crumbled away and gave rise to a single fruit that
looked like a teardrop of black ice. The gardener pre-
pared himself for the next life. If he was to die, he
thought, then it would be better to die by his own hand
than by the emperor's. He brewed himself a potion
from the most poisonous mushrooms in the garden with
which to end his life should the emperor be displeased.

The appointed hour arrived. The emperor entered
the garden; the master gardener took him to the black
tree. The emperor plucked the icy fruit and promptly
fell over dead.

In the silence that followed the emperor's death,
the master gardener was enlightened. He consumed the
cold black fruit and began the walk back to his palace.

There. That is our history. That is the end of the
first of the Winter River Sutras.

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

There js No History

Masahiro,

Still you ask about the history of the Dharma.
Where were we in 1852? Who was the first? What are
the names and the dates, and who was killed, and who
was pronounced akuma, and when did the Bone Ances-
tor build the great subterranean library in Chongqing...?

All of that is wrong. You try to break the Black
Metal Ege's shell, and in so doing, you destroy the egg
itself. If I describe all the tiny bubbles in the foam for
you, will you understand the ocean? If I hand you her

The fusrrucrion oF Masanjro 4
skin, you will ever be able to converse with the woman?
What you want to know is who you have become and
if you have chosen well, and only you can answer that.
However, that will take time and some small amount of
enlightenment.

But I will give you your history: Since there have
been Kuei-jin, there have always been Bone Flowers.

Is that enough history for you?

I didn't think so.

Here is your history. Xue went into the world of
ghosts to be with his love. His presence there was
deemed a grave trespass under Heaven by the Ebon
Dragon, who destroyed him. Xue's ghostly lover longed
for his return, and her tear mixed with the dust of the
Yin World, and Xue was reformed and complete. Loss
must be paired with hope. Death must be paired with
life. Yin must be paired with Yang. This is what Xue saw.

The Song of the Shadow reveres the Yin World. It
holds the Black Metal Egg sacred and uses the self-
discipline of the Cold Mind to achieve great things. It
holds itself apart and holds the other shen together. It
reveres the principle of life but dispenses death in swift
and subtle ways. This is what Xue saw.

If we were to be dead things come back, we needed
purpose. If we were to be questioned, there must be
answers. If there was to be so much death, then there
had to be life hiding somewhere behind it. This is what
Xue saw.

When the Wan Xian fell and the Wan Kuei ap-
peared upon the world, it was determined that the Hun
should remind them of their obligations to Heaven, the
P'o should spur them on to achievement, the Resplen-
dent Phoenix Box should allow them to pass among
mortals, and the Black Metal Egg should remind them
at all times that they are dead things, plucked from the
cycle by fate and happenstance. This is what Xue saw.

Since there have been Kuei-jin, there have always
been Bone Flowers. This is what you see now.

If you still want a picture of the foam, you can read
about it in the library at Chongqing.

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

The Brack Peart Sutra

Masahiro,

You are by the ocean now, would you go farther
toward the mountains? Very well then.

The Black Pearl Sutra begins to explain the tenets of
the Song of the Shadow with this tale. It recounts eight
tales of the great Qin Shao and her quest for enlighten-
ment. Take these stories with you when you begin your
journey and they will shorten your path to The Hun-
dred Clouds.

You wish to know who Qin Shao was before hear-
ing her stories, do you not? I know your questions even
before you ask them, Masahiro.

16

Qin Shao was one of the greatest and earliest
followers of our Way. She was a scholar of the Fourth
Age and studied with Ki, the student of Xue himself.
She traveled across the many worlds in search of the
Black Metal Egg and came to know many of the secrets
of the Ten Thousand Things under Heaven. She sat in
congress with the Jade Emperor of the Yellow Springs
and rescued her ancestors from suffering at his hands.
She resisted and repelled the temptations of Emma-o
and other Yama Kings but stole secrets from them
nonetheless. In all things, she was supremely cold-
minded and upheld all the tenets.

That is the story of Qin Shao. Does it satisfy your
questioning mind? Yes? What if I told you that none of
that was true? Are you now unsatisfied? Reflect before
questioning. Even in a lie, there is truth.

Now, cool your mind, and listen to the stories.

Tue First Tener: Some,
Bur Nor Too Muc#.

Qin Shao journeyed into the north of Korea where
it was very cold. Colder than even she could withstand.
She came upon a wu of five wandering Kuei-jin of all
Dharmas, still early in their kéa. The eldest of them
had taken the Second Breath less than.a year ago. They

Bone Fiowers

were also beginning to suffer from the cold. The Devil-
Tiger said, "A fire will keep us warm!" and so, he
created a fire. He knew that it would cause him great
pain if he touched it, so he immediately jumped into
the fire, screamed once and burned up like a dry leaf.

The Thrashing Dragon laughed at the Devil-Tiger's
folly. "Stupid Devil-Tiger," said the Thrashing Dragon.
"Iam the creature of Yang and fire around here, not
you," and he laughed once, stepped into the fire and
burned up like a dry leaf.

Qin Shao was concerned. She hoped that not all of
these Running Monkeys were going to throw them-
selves into the fire. It would be a most inauspicious
omen for her journey.

The Resplendent Crane shook her head at the
other two. "They are most unwise," she said. She sat
down facing the fire and stared into it for hours in
reverie. When she came out of her reverie, she was
blind from the firelight. "Oh, the gods are punishing
me for my hasty judgements! I have been cruel and
must suffer!" The Crane stepped into the fire, cried out
once and burned up like a dry leaf.

The Kuei-jin on the Path of a Thousand Whispers
wandered near to the fire. Then, he wandered farther
from it. Then, he wandered in circles around the fire.


The jusrruction oF Masanjro

Then, he wandered a few steps away and began building
another fire, but he grew bored after collecting three or
four sticks. He aimlessly wandered out of the area, and
Qin Shao never saw him again.

Qin Shao was proud that the Bone Flower was the
last survivor of this unwise group. But the young Bone
Flower was not overly wise either. She'said to Qin Shao
"Those who need fire are weak and stupid," and she sat
far from the fire in the coldest wind she could find.
When the sun began to rise, she was too frozen to move,
and she rotted away into the snow.

The next night, Qin Shao sat alone next to the fire,
facing away from it so as not to give it any more
importance than it really deserved. She studied the
shapes of the trees in the distance. She was not too near
the fire. She was not overly distant from the fire. It
warmed her, but she did not become warm. Without
Yin we are not Bone Flowers. Without Yang, we are
only ghosts.

Do you understand Masahiro? You had better. Bone
Flowers do not speak to other Bone Flowers but in
koans and metaphors. Directness insults the intelli-
gence and is terribly rude. That is but the first of eight.
Reflect and understand, and then, I will tell you the
second tale of QinShao.

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

Tut Seconp Tener: Tne Many Pyitars oF
Fanjiy

Masahiro,

I promised you more tales of Qin Shao, did I not?
You should think on these. They will guide you.

Qin Shao was at a temple practicing the pranas
when a wu of young Bone Flowers approached her. She
nodded her assent to come nearer, and they asked,
"Most revered ancestor, the second tenet of the Dharma
charges us to guard the family against those who would
desecrate it. We do not understand how to fulfill
this obligation."

Qin Shao nodded. "Each of you, go carry out the
tenet as you believe it ismeant to be carried out. After
one year, return to this temple, and tell me what you
have discovered. I will tell you if you understand the
tenet correctly."

The wu departed.

One year later, the five Bone Flowers returned,
wiser for their experience. The first of them approached
Qin Shao.

"L sought to live out the second tenet by protecting
my descendents and their descendents after them from
those who would harm or steal from them. I prevented
a thief from stealing my grandson's chickens and con-
sumed all the Chi from a brigand who was murdering
people in my grandson's village. Have | fulfilled the
second tenet?"

4"

"Yes," said Qin Shao, "that is how it is meant. In
this way, we become the ancestor they pray to
for protection."

When she had said this, the other members of the
wu looked disappointed, so she asked the next, "What
did you do to follow the second tenet of the Song of
the Shadow?"

"Revered ancestor, | interpreted the tenet to mean
that we were expected to safeguard the institution of
the family itself. I fed off the Chi of husbands who
harmed their families, and I followed men who had
mistresses outside their marriage and made certain that
they were discovered. I also brought punishment to
those who were insufficiently pious toward their parents."

"Yes," said Qin Shao, "that is how it is meant. In
this way, we become a stabilizing element, keeping the
tradition of the family alive."

When she had said this, the other members of the
wu looked disappointed, so she asked the next, "What
did you do to follow the second tenet of the Song of
the Shadow?"

" believe that all of the mortal world is my family,
therefore I protected those mortals I encountered from
inappropriate meddling from Kuei-jin and other shen.
I captured and killed a Nezumi rat-changer that was
preying on one of the villages we passed through. I
interceded in a quarrel between a bitter old ghost and
her rash young grandson and taught her to cherish him
as her link to the Middle Kingdom."

"Yes," said Qin Shao, "that is how it is meant. In
this way we reach out to the spirits, the ghosts and the
mortals, and we safeguard the well-being of the whole
Middle Kingdom, staving off the arrival of the Sixth Age."

When she had said this, the remaining members of
the wu looked disappointed, so she asked the next,
"What did you do to follow the second tenet of the
Song of the Shadow?"

"] interpret the second tenet to mean that we are to
protect all those who travel the Shadow Song Path. I
prevented a Devil-Tiger from beginning a fight with a
young Bone Flower whom he surely would have sent to
Final Death. I also engaged a Thrashing Dragon in
debate about the legitimacy of our Dharma, thereby
preventing him from slandering our name in the pur-
suit of his own interests."

"Yes," said Qin Shao, "that is how it is meant. In
this way we maintain the integrity of our own Dharma
and show others that we are not simply frigid necro-
mancers and assassins. You interpreted well."

When she had said this, the last member of the wu
looked disappointed, so she asked him, "What did you
do to follow the second tenet of the Song of the Shadow?"

"Revered ancestor, I protected these four worthies
I travel with, for they are my family. I saw to it that they
never grew hungry for Chi, and I tended to the needs of
our nushi to keep that spirit strong. I tried to provide a

role model for our Dharma and soothe the others'
tempers when circumstances challenged our
cold-mindedness."

"Yes," said Qin Shao, "that is how it is meant. In
this way you strengthen the wu and transcend your old
definition of family; you thereby progress along the
Dharmic path."

Ofall the tenets, this is one of the most multifaceted.

The Tijrp Tener: Nor Beng a Guost
Thanks To a SpjRjT

Qin Shao was in a boat upon the ocean one night.
She was a fine and experienced sailor. In the distant
moonlight, she beheld two ships near her on the ocean.
One was black as the inside of a mountain on a winter's
night. Its planking was so dark that the night water
seemed bright in comparison. Its sail was so black that
it seemed to drink in the light of the moon and stars.
Qin Shao was supremely cold-minded, but even she
could be impressed. She wanted to sail on that ship
more than any other.

The other ship was glaring scarlet. Though it pos-
sessed a vulgar beauty, it was too well lit and gaudy. The
sound of men singing came from the scarlet ship and
was most unseemly. She was so fascinated by the dark
black ship that she was right beside the scarlet craft

before she noticed. The men on board called out to her
and asked her to visit them. She did not want to seem
impolite, so she jumped from her ship to theirs. The
men were part men and part beast. They smelled hor-
tible and talked too loudly. She assumed that they were
from very far south because they kept the boat very
warm. The crew of beast-men gathered around Qin
Shao and cooled themselves by her frosty skin. As they
did not hurt her or make improper advances she al-
lowed this, and it lulled them into a sleep. With the
beast-men snoring loudly, she jumped back to her boat.
She hoped she would be able to visit the ebon ship as well.

It was harder to see. Clouds had rolled in front of
the face of the moon, and the ebon ship was quite hard
to discern, but her cold-minded perseverance paid off,
and she spotted the ship she was looking for. She
boarded the ebon ship and was surprised to see that its
whole crew was made up of ghosts. They were all
flawlessly polite and most learned conversationalists.
They sat around her and discoursed for long hours,
partaking of her relative warmth. The captain of the
ship, in life a peerless scholar, taught Qin Shao many
precious lessons during this conversation, as thanks for
her warmth and attention. She was most pleased at the
bargain.

‘The justaucion oF Masanjro

Her time there passed like water through a tea
strainer, and hours passed unwatched. Suddenly Qin
Shao was tossed around inside the boat. She went back
on deck and noticed that the clouds she had seen
earlier had brought a very large storm with them.
Enormous waves battered the ebon ship. The crew
wasn't particularly concerned; they were already dead
and had little to lose. Qin Shao knew well that the
ships of the dead do not float well, and she could feel in
the way that it moved that the ebon ship wanted to
plunge down through the icy waters and rest serenely
on the ocean floor far below. While the ghosts were
ready for whatever followed, Qin Shao was not. Her
own ship was now many leagues away, and things
seemed lost.

Then, through the gloom of the storm, she saw the
scarlet ship not too far away, and she called out. The
friendly (though vulgar) beast-men sailed nearer and
lashed their ship to the ebon ship of the ghosts. The
storm tossed them around, but the high-floating scarlet
ship never took on so much as a drop of water. The
scarlet captain, who smelled most of all, said they were
happy to return the favor of her company with safe
passage back to her ship.

When Qin Shao was on the water after that, she
made sure always to hold learned conversations with
the ghost ship, but never let the scarlet ship out of her
sight. Without it, she would have been stranded on the
ghost ship.

Learn from ghosts, but never ignore the spirits.
When the Sixth Age comes, the storm will be great indeed.

Tue Fourrn Tener:

Gathering KNowlenge, Rearing Power
The fourth story of Qin Shao tells us that she was

representing all those who follow the Song of the
Shadow in a competition. The first three rounds were
to be preliminaries, and the fourth round would deter-
mine the winner.

The first task was to traverse a wall. The Resplen-
dent Crane stood in front of the wall and told it of its
obligations. The Devil-Tiger threw himself at the wall
repeatedly, hoping to knock it down. The Thrashing
Dragon screamed at the wall and, then, whispered
suggestive words to it and touched it in an intimate
fashion. The Rootless Tree put on a succession of
different entertaining masks, looking for the one that
would see through the wall. Qin Shao learned how to
weave a rope and climbed over the wall.

The second task was to move a boulder. The Re-
splendent Crane stood in front of the boulder and told
it of its obligations. The Devil-Tiger threw himself at
the boulder repeatedly, hoping to push it away. The
Thrashing Dragon kissed the boulder and whispered
intimate things to it and, then, screamed at it enraged.

The Rootless Tree put on a succession of different
entertaining masks, looking for the one that would see
the boulder in a different place. Qin Shao learned how
to make a lever and moved the boulder.

The third test was to cross a river. It was springtime
and the river was very fast. The Crane reminded the
tiver of its obligation to let him pass. The Devil-Tiger
slashed furiously at the water and was almost swept
away. The Thrashing Dragon became wet trying to
seduce the water. The Rootless Tree put on a succes-
sion of different entertaining masks, looking for the
one that would show him the world from the other side
of the river. Qin Shao learned how to build a bridge and
walked across it to the other side.

The final test was to make their way through a field
of armed men. Qin Shao simply waited a moment while
the others shamed, killed, seduced and entertained the
armed men, and then, she walked calmly to the finish
line, where she won.

This is why we are scholars. This is why we seek out
that which others have forgotten or never learned.
Nothing is so flexible as knowledge. A Bone Flower's
worth is derived entirely from what she knows.

The Frere Tener:
Oursjpe THE Heap. jnsjpe THE Heap.

Qin Shao cold-mindedly stopped thinking. When
she did, the rock was just a rock, the cricket was just a
cricket, and the clouds were just clouds. Those things
were just as they were, with no names, no meaning and
no attributions. When Qin Shao thought again, the
rock was the rock that had killed her brother, and she
was sad; the cricket was the same cricket she had heard
when she was falling in love as a young woman, and she
was broken-hearted; and the clouds were the clouds
covering the sky the day she died. She wanted to weep.
Qin Shao stopped thinking again, and those three
things were just as they were once more, with no
names, meanings or attributions but what we choose to
give them.

Then hersister's great-great-great grandchild came
and spoke to her. She was cold-mindedly not thinking,
and he was just a talkative boy, perhaps a source of Chi.
Then she began thinking again, and the boy was her
sister's great-great-great grandchild, and she was filled
with joy, and she was reminded why it is that the Wan
Kuei are here in the first place.

The world of objects and facts is the stuff upon
which we project meaning, and the two rely on each
other for definition. Objects without meaning may as
well not exist, and fantasy disengaged from the real
world cannot sustain us. Just as we are intermediaries
between the living and the dead, and between Kuei-jin
and other shen, so too must we balance between the
objective and subjective worlds.

20
The Spx Tener: The Dyrrjcurr Gjrr

Qin Shao was revered for her wisdom and vast
learning. A great emperor engaged her services as a
tutor for his son, who was to be the emperor after him.
Qin Shao agreed, and she became the tutor of the next
emperor. His father came to Qin Shao one day and said,
"] must go to Beijing. My son is to get one present a day
for the duration of my absence. See to it that this
thing happens."

Qin Shao was not a nanny, but a scholar, and were
she less cold-minded, she would have happily left the
boy to rot until his father returned. Being cold, she was
able to understand the necessity of the emperor's trip to
Beijing and for the young emperor-to-be to receive
gifts in his absence.

The first night, Qin Shao gave the boy a beautiful
cricket cage that had taken a truly skilled artisan an
entire year to create. The boy accepted the gift and,
then, laughed as he destroyed it utterly, piece by piece.
Qin Shao was nonplused.

The second night, Qin Shao gave the boy a gift
locked in a heavy wooden crate that the young emperor
could not open. The prince screamed and yelled and
kicked and hacked at the heavy crate with his sword,
which broke in two.

"Most regrettable," said the serene Qin Shao.

The third night, Qin Shao gave the boy a heavily
wrapped box. The boy whimpered, remembering the
night before, but after pulling away layer after layer of
paper, bamboo and string, he found a beautiful cricket
cage that had taken a truly skilled artisan five years
to create.

When the boy understood what Qin Shao had
done, he was enlightened. His father was most pleased
upon his return.

That which is too freely given is seldom valued and
may afflict either the giver or the recipient with resent-
ment. Likewise, that which is withheld is begrudged.
Only that which takes effort to receive is truly appreciated.

The Sevenra Tener: Trutx Wickep

Qin Shao traveled one night in the beginning of
spring to a small village near Fuzhou where a sage was
speaking to the villagers. A beautiful white butterfly
perched on his finger. Qin Shao knew a great deal
about butterflies and had seen its like before.

The sage said, "This butterfly is one of the few truly
good things in the world. We can only aspire to be so
noble." Qin Shao was surprised to hear this but shrugged
and continued on her way. Five months later, Qin Shao
passed that way again, and the people were weeping.
The caterpillars produced by the eggs laid by the beau-
tiful white butterflies had destroyed their crops for
the year.

The sage was speaking to the village again. Qin
Shao was not surprised. She knew a great deal about

sages and had seen his like before. "Yes, the butterfly is
truly wicked. It destroys our crops like fire, the most
wicked thing known." Qin Shao was surprised to hear
this but sighed and continued on her way.

Five months later she passed that way again. It was
the coldest day of winter, and the sage was not there.
She went into the village and saw a young man speak-
ing to the villagers, who were gathered around a big
fire. "Fire is one of the few truly good things in the
world. We can only aspire to be so helpful and comforting."

Qin Shao walked over to the man and plunged his
hand into the fire.

"Truly wicked," she said.

The truth that is immediately perceived is not the
real truth. All things under Heaven — which the
Chinese ancestors of the Quincunx call tian —are truly
two things: themselves and the part they play in the
larger drama. Bone Flowers strive to see the thing as
well as the thing's role under tian and to see them
without the blurry lens of judgement. Sages must know
not to judge, but to understand things, events and
individuals on their own terms. It is words and labels,
judging and deciding that cause the Kuei-jin of other
Dharmas to rush into acts of blindness. We perceive,
we acknowledge, and we may even react, but we do
not judge.

The Ejourt Tener: just Respect

Qin Shao's nephew Qin Song died in his sleep. She
watched from the shadows as his many children and
grandchildren wept and put on their white garments to
mourn for him. She passed through the village again a
month later. Half of her nephew's offspring were still
wearing mourning clothes and getting very little done.
The other half appeared very tired. Qin Shao spoke
with her nephew's daughter. "Why are half of you tired
and half of your still in mourning? He has been dead
now over a month. It is the way of things."

"Pardon us, most revered ancestor," began the girl,
"but half of Qin Song's descendents forgot about his
death within a day or two. They have returned to their
normal lives, but they have nightmares every night.
The other half sleep well, but their every waking hour
is haunted by Qin Song's death, and they can get
nothing done.

Qin Shao sighed and, then, gathered her family. "If
you are tired, switch clothing with someone who is in
mourning. If you are in mourning, switch clothing with
someone who is not wearing white." Her descendents,
being somewhat afraid of Qin Shao, obeyed her. "Do
you feel better now?" Her family looked around. A tired
looking man in white stepped forward and said, "No, I
do not, august ancestor, but I do not know what my
grandfather would want me to do."

"Then I'll let him tell you what he seeks from you,"
said Qin Shao, and she entered the ghost world and
brought back the ghost of Qin Song.

The justruction oF Masanjro

"Tell them something," said Qin Shao.

"Those of you who forgot too quickly, the skin had
knitted before the wound inside was healed. Those of
you who mourn me incessantly believe that because
the scab is still there that you are still hurt. By forget-
ting me, you show no respect to the dead who want to
be remembered. By getting nothing done through your
mourning, you show no respect by ignoring our wishes,
all the while pitying yourselves because I have re-
minded you that you will someday pass into the Yellow
Springs yourselves. Do not mourn me, and donot forget
me. Respect me as an ancestor and be done with it," and
so saying, he returned to the Yin world.

"Just so," said Qin Shao.

The living grieve because they fear one of two
things: that they will forget too soon and slight their
loved one or that they will remember for too long and
suffer longer than is necessary. By teaching the living
to respect the dead, we prevent them from doing the
former and help them to avoid the latter. Respect is
more comfortable than either forgetting or grieving.
This is perhaps the most important role we play for the living.

And there, Masahiro, the tales of Qin Shao end.
The Qin Shao tales are much like a philosophical
primer. Remember these stories. Think on these things.
Any sense they do not make now, they will make later,
when you have experienced more of the Middle Kingdom.

I must attend to my own studies for this evening.
Study well Masahiro.

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

Ejgur Tenets, Many Eves
Masahiro,

You know about the tenets of the Shadow Song
Path now, right? How certain are you? If one billion
Buddhists read a koan, how many interpretations do
you think there will be?

Like all the Dharmic paths put forth by Xue, the
Song of the Shadow Dharma comprises eight tenets.
The relative importance of each tenet varies from court
to court and colors the Dharma in those places. Never-
theless, the Dharma remains essentially the same. A
Bone Flower from the Golden Courts will not be
mistaken foranything else in the Green Courts, though
they may view certain elements of the Dharma in a
different light. Certain other Dharmas place a heavy
emphasis on conformity with regard to interpretation
of the tenets. can tell you now, this is not the case with
most of those who follow our Way. The Song of the
Shadow has an especially relaxed approach toward
heresy; perhaps cold-mindedness plays its part here as
well. Perhaps it is simply the non-judgmental nature of
the path. Without deviation, there can be no growth.
Without growth, there can benoenlightenment. With-
out enlightenment, there is no point. The tenets of the

Gi


22

Dharma may be weighted differently in the various
courts, but the eight tenets hold together just the same.

Other Dharmas split into differing sects, some
proscribed and others recognized. Not so for us,
Masahiro. Each Bone Flower is a sect unto himself, a
scholar who finds his own way along the path built with
the eight tenets, learning from many teachers. The
Cold Mind and sectarian conflict simply do not mix.

Bone Flowers are the sages and the historians. It is
our job to know the history of the Wan Kuei and to
keep the few remaining tomes that were salvaged from
the Burning of the Books in the Fourth Age. The Bone
Flowers of all courts are charged with keeping the few
extant writings of Xue, the Ki Chuan, The Red Book of
the Iron Bridge and, regrettably, even The Broken-Winged
Crane. It is no accident that the enormous under-
ground library of the Kuei-jin is located in Chongqing,
the seat of the Bone Court, where the Song of the
Shadow is most revered. It is not by chance that these
old texts came into our keeping. Perhaps you know
nothing of the import of these books. That may be for
the best at this stage of your enlightenment. Suffice it
to say that they are books of great weight and conse-
quence. The followers of the Song of the Shadow are
the best keepers of dangerous books, as our highly
controlled natures are less prone to indiscretion. Were
such consequential books given into the hands of the
Golden Courts, the Sixth Age would have long since
been upon us. The books would have rotted away in the
jungle somewhere while the penangallan queens were
out dancing and rutting and chasing down the akuma
that plague that court.

I should explain the tone of what I just wrote,
perhaps. I cannot expect you to understand what I'm
referring to. Perhaps it is just wisest to attribute it to
differences in political philosophy. Those who follow
the Song of the Shadow are not valued in the Golden
Courts. It would not be a gross overstatement to say
that in the Golden Courts, they are the unappreciated
outcasts of the penangallan. These savage queens value
action. Not even particularly well thought-out action,
just aggressive, Yang-steeped aggression and horror
and primal satisfaction. They do not understand that
action without thought leads to folly and ruin, which is
why the Golden Courts are so barbaric; they have no
civilizing principle, no notion of restraint or self-con-
trol. Those few Bone Flowers who make their homes in
the jungles of the Golden Court place a strong empha-
sis on the third, fifth and seventh tenets and deal more
with the spirits of the Yang World than the ghosts most
of us know best. Obviously, they traffic with ghosts too,
but they, better than any other Bone Flowers, have
studied the ways of the hengeyokai and the spirits of
the Yang World. When they finish writing their ex-
haustive treatises on the various ladies, dukes and
demons of the Scarlet World, they bind the works and

Bone Fiowsrs

take them to the library of Chongqing. It is there that
we go to truly learn about all the denizens of the
Middle Kingdom.

The self-righteous Golden Lion Court of Singapore
also treats Bone Flowers poorly, though for different
reasons. Its mandarins believe, wrongly, that their
repressive code of lockstep morality must take prece-
dence over the gathering and understanding of knowl-
edge. They would burn the ancient scriptures we have
collected as "dangerous." The followers of the Song of
the Shadow who reside in Singapore most commonly
emphasize the fourth and seventh tenets. While they
seek out knowledge and understanding, they must
refrain from interacting with the worlds beyond the
Wall, so as to placate the overzealous Cranes of the
Golden Lion Court. Bone Flower ancestors often ig-
nore the arrogant Lion Emperors, but such rebellious-
ness is not without risk, even for the few mandarins
residing there.

But I was not intending to speak of the Golden
Courts or their uxorious husband just yet. The Courts
of the Quincunx are the sites of our greatest strength,
and the Bone Court of Chongqing is the philosophical
epicenter of our Dharma. Many of the great ancestors
of the Song of the Shadow reside there, and so, students
of the Dharma go there to study with those more
enlightened than they in the philosophies of Yin. It is
not strictly necessary, but it is most auspicious for a
Bone Flower to travel to Chongqing to see the marvels
we have wrought. The books, the sorcery, the harmo-
nious feng shui, the recovered artifacts and teachings
from Mount Meru — all these things in the Bone Court
echo the Song of the Shadow. Our appetite for knowl-
edge is recognized, utilized and lauded in the Bone
Court. I trust you will be visiting there soon....

You will see Chongqing when you see it. If your
travels take you even further west, know that we are
not numerous in Sri Lanka's Infinite Thunders Court.
Unlike in the damnable Golden Courts, however, at
least we are respected for our role as envoys to the
ancestors. Scholars are revered in the Infinite Thun-
ders Court. The second, fifth and eighth tenets are the
most respected there.

Now, see how well you understand Bone Flowers by
knowing the tenets? Comforting, isn't it?

I cannot say whether you will get another letter
from me. I am traveling to the United States to meet
with a woman from Hong Kong's Flame Court. We will
make San Francisco a Bone Flower city. After you visit
the library in Chongqing and get the answers to all
those silly questions you had, you can come to help us.

Study long first.

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

The jrusmeucrion oF Masanino

Song oF SHapow,
Song or ConTRoL

Masahiro,

Tam on the ship to San Francisco. It is taking far
too long. If I were not black-cycled, I would have to
drink the crew dry to survive. Cold Mind serves me well
here. Since I have the time, allow me to continue
your education.

Restraint is the key that opens the Black Metal
Egg. The first words the new Bone Flower hears are
"control yourself." That will be his guiding creed until
he attains dah or Final Death. Those who believe this
to be asimple injunction are unwise. Are not those who
follow other Dharmas also in control of themselves? I
tell you clearly: It is not so.

Those Wjrtour ConrroL

Those who listen to their P'o are obviously not in
control of themselves. They screech and howl and
murder and destroy. They do not seek control. They
seek pain. They seek violence and vengeance and a
place to put all their anger because they are dead and
because they have seen Yomi and it has made them
mad. That madness is like the pressure in a man's
bladder, and they seek to release their anger by pissing
it out in a solid stream of torture and retribution. It
makes them feel better, and they sometimes get satis-
faction from the things they do, but control never
enters the picture. One sometimes wonders if the word
is even in their vocabulary.

Those who heed the Yang principle are no more in
control of themselves. They are lured too much by the
song of life. It makes them dance like puppets on the
ends of sticks. They glut themselves on food and rut
like dogs. They indulge in every manner of gluttony,
vice and excess to try and feel anything as keenly they
once did, trying to forget that they are dead, that they
are half-ghosts. But half-ghosts they are, and therefore,
food tastes half as good, sex feels half as good, and
flowers smell half as good. And so, they try harder to
feel, and the vices grow more extreme, and their emo-
tions, inflamed by the Yang Chi they guzzle, make their
need to feel, to feel like they remember life feeling, all
the more urgent. In the end, they do feel three things
even more keenly than they did when they were truly
alive: sorrow, loss and disappointment. And so the
Dragons thrash, without the notion of control ever
entering their Yang-inflamed minds.

And what of those who live their lives according to
the principle of balance? "Surely," you say, "they must
have control of themselves, for after all, doesn't bal-
ance lead to control?" The answer (perhaps you guessed
it) is no. Those silly little Centipedes do not control
themselves, they are themselves controlled by balance.
They may take one step in the direction they truly want

23

to go, but they promptly have to take one step back to
compensate for it. They have no say in who they'll be
in five days because they have turned their destiny over
to the notion of balance. They hope that by changing
their robes often enough they will find one that looks
good on them. Why not just seek to become enlight-
ened with athrow of the dice or the joss sticks? It would
be as effective.

And, lastly, we have those great pretenders, those
proper souls who guide their way with the light from
their Hun. Surely these august souls, these great men,
these very moral individuals, surely they must be in
control of themselves? If not, how could they be such
moral men? must sigh before answering. The question
itself pains me. There seem to be many people who
believe that Cranes and Shadows have a great deal in
common, none of whom, you should note, are them-
selves Cranes or Shadows. We study; they study. We
are not frenzied, wild creatures; they are not frenzied,
wild creatures. If the similarities were a well, it would
not be deep enough to reach water. Now, to the ques-
tion at hand. Do not those who follow the Hun control
themselves? They do not. They are not controlled from
within, they are controlled from without. Ten thou-
sand obligations, real and imagined, control them.
Cranes are ridden like horses by their obligations to
ghosts, to rules, tonebulous notions of good and evil, to
the Eight Lotus Path, to the Fivefold Way, to street
signs and stop lights, to every last portent, omen and
fortune they stumble across. They have no sense of self
control so they build ornate cricket cages for them-
selves to inhabit, to keep themselves from exploring
any other lot but the one they once chose for them-
selves. Then they cluck their tongues (like hens or old
wives) at us when we opt to choose our own paths by
thinking each situation through, rather than imprison-
ing ourselves in cells of thought and dogma. Do you see
the difference? We say "Control yourself." They say,
"Be controlled." There. Do you understand now?

The Use or Contro.

And what do we gain from this profound sense of
self-control? Yes, that's the question you really wanted
to ask, isn't it? Why should you aspire to this degree of
self-control? Or perhaps you were asking a yet more
brazen question: Why would you want to be a Bone
Flower? If we don't kill and maim for the sheer enjoy-
ment of it, if we don't exchange tender intimacies with
the living, if we don't play games of pretend with new
and different masks, if we don't get to revel in the
Cranes' sense of high-handed self-righteousness, then
what do we do? What is the goal of all this self-control?
Is there one? I should have you tell me. If you really
cannot imagine what it is, perhaps you should go be
with them. You will never be forced to be a Bone
Flower. You will not be hit on the head and taken to the
Black Lotus Temple and forcibly indoctrinated into

24

the ways of the Shadow Song. On the contrary, we
would rather not have you unless you are certain you
possess the control of body and mind necessary to
succeed as a Bone Flower. If you feel you would rather
moralize with the Cranes or carouse with the Dragons,
I entreat you to leave now and stop taking up my time.

Oh, you do not want to do that? Then, I will tell
you what you gain from self-control. It is knowledge.
You cannot control a thing you do not understand. To
control yourself, you must know yourself. By knowing
yourself, you know others. By knowing numerous oth-
ers, you understand the masses. By understanding the
masses, you understand the world. By understanding
the world, you understand the Ten Thousand Things.
Why do you think we are the diplomats among the
shen? Is it because of our warm, outgoing natures? I
think not. We are diplomats to the others because we
are in control of ourselves and because we can empty
ourselves of our selves and hear what it is that the
others say. We are empty of words, and so, we will not
speak out of turn. We are empty of honor, and so, we
will not be insulted if they are boorish. We are empty
of bias, and so judgements won't distract us like buzzing
gnats from what they are saying. The nothingness, the
Yin, is so strong in us, we are able to take in their ways
— especially the hengeyokai, who are so full of them-
selves that they overflow. You cannot fill a cup with tea
if it is full of water. We are empty cups, and when we
interact with the shen, we can choose to fill ourselves
with their ways. A full mind never learns anything. An
empty mind pulls in anything that comes near.

And that is why we are scholars. We are so empty
that we need to be filled, and the one thing that
comforts the void (that we find tolerable) is knowledge.

And why are we spies and assassins? We are spies
because the best spy is the one who is never there.
There is no us, so if we are there, we are not there. If we
are taking their secrets, no one is taking their secrets.
If our enemy is slain, there is no us to have slain him.
Yes, | am speaking in the language of riddles. Listen to
the meaning, not to the words.

Tut Goat or Conrron

But what about the ultimate point, the ultimate
reason for the Bone Flowers? Have we a higher purpose
under tian? We do. We are the ligaments of the body of
the Middle Kingdom. We do those things that need to
be done and we do them quietly, so that our efforts are
not noticed. We are the tissue that connects all the
shen. We are the envoys to the living families, to the
hengeyokai and to the ghosts; we even reach out on
occasion to the hsien and the chi'n ta, although neither
of them thinks much of our kind.

When the Sixth Age arrives, it will come like an
explosion of blood and fire. The Middle Kingdom and
everything under tian will be shaken violently, and if
the Middle Kingdom does not have us to hold it

Bone Flowers

together, then it will fly apart violently. These things
must be done quietly lest the Demon Emperor take
note of us. As the ligaments of the body of the Middle
Kingdom, we expect to be hewn and hacked, that is
why we are hard as metal and cold as ice. Ideally, we
shall hold the world together so subtly that not even
the Demon Emperor will sense it, but failing that then
we must be cold and hard enough to withstand the heat
and punishment that will follow our discovery.

I am thinking much on the violence of the Sixth
Age. Perhaps it is because I expect great bloodshed in
San Francisco. Perhaps I will be sent to Yomi. You will
get a new teacher if that happens. Probably a better one.

You have such sights to look forward to!

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

& Roap or Many Dancers

Masahiro,

To answer your question, no, I do not honestly
think your next sensei would be better than I. Where is
your Cold Mind? Where is your understanding? You
will never see the Second of Ten Dawns if you continue
to look only at the front of my words. Turn them
around, and look at the back of them, too. And look at
the top. And the bottom. Did you think this would
be easy?

The Song of the Shadow is not easy to follow. The
path of inaction can be just as difficult to tread as the
path of action. Cold Mind is never anything but a
challenge. Remaining calm when all about one is
madness can fill any Bone Flower with frustration. If
your wu jumps to a hasty conclusion and you do not,
you may be held suspect or accused of sympathizing
with the enemy. Bone Flowers, on the whole, are
decidedly more analytical that the followers of most
other Dharmas, and because of our perspective, we
often find ourselves in the position of devil's advocate
(though decidedly not in the same way that the Devil-
Tigers are). The time when our contrary voice is most
needed is when the rest of the wu has too quickly and
too enthusiastically opted to take a course of action.
Scrutinize most carefully any path others embark upon
with too little analysis.

Another temptation that lures many Shadow Songs
from their path is the warm pull of Yang. The other
principle fills us like a warm meal fills a hungry man and
beckons us back to our living days. It lies to us and
dangles memories before us like shiny toys before a
small child. Masahiro, the Second Breath is still new to
you, and so, the call of Yang must be strong. I know your
urge to glut yourself on Yang, to lose your cold-
mindedness, to embrace your fire nature. Do not. Even
when full of Yang, we are still dead things, so is it not
best to acknowledge this? When we are young, we call
Yang the Sweaty Excited Man because he wants to take

Tie justaverjon oF Masanjno

us, and he is willing to promise us anything to have us
receive him. More often than not, we regret ever
having anything to do with him. Once the initial
longing passes, we resent the Sweaty Excited Man
because of the false promises he makes. As time passes
and we advance along our Dharma, however, the long-
ing for the hot, messy breathing days fades away, and
Yang simply becomes another source of knowledge
(albeit a potentially dangerous one). You can learn
from the Sweaty Man, but only if you maintain Cold Mind.

There are other dangers. If Yang is a sweaty man,
then the P'o is an enraged demon. The Demon can
knock you from your Dharma with disturbing ease. The
Demon makes promises as well: promises of power, of
superiority in combat, of victory. Do not listen to it.
Among all Dharmas, we are the most able to sidestep
the Demon's trickery. Others need the Demon to enter
combat because of the advantages they receive from
the Demon Arts. This is not our way. Bone Flowers are
not chest-beating louts or brawlers. We are not meant
for the direct, open conflict (though we can usually
survive those reasonably well). Our skills revolve around
the subtle skills of learning, stealth, infiltration and
assassination. We have Bone Shintai to call upon,
along with other arts of Yin.

Mistaxes

You will learn these hard lessons and more, as you
progress along the path. It is my hope that I may simply
prepare you for these eventualities.

Eventualities are what I am thinking of these days.

Bone Flowers have made certain mistakes for cen-
turies. I like to think that I can help you avoid these.
But you are young, and you will take missteps along
your path. If you make only the right mistakes, you will
have the opportunity to make more. In go, it is the
player who makes the second to last wrong move who
wins.

Allow me to share a few other pieces of advice:

When speaking with ghosts, engage them only
with logic, never with feeling or passion. They are
beings of emotion, and your hot mind may antagonize
or incite them.

Bone Flowers watch and understand. We are not
creatures of conflict. Do not, however, mistake this for
being an inability to affect the worlds. If you come to
understand that action must be taken, alert a Devil-
Tiger or a Thrashing Dragon. It is their role under tian
to act, not to think. If they understand their own
Dharma, they will take action as we have recom-
mended.

Do not become so concerned with the worlds be-
yond the Wall that you do not address your business in
the Middle Kingdom.

Strive to never mistake the symbolic for the literal.
That is a task assigned to the stupid. Do your own work,

and let them do theirs, otherwise you may be mistaken
for them.

Are you seeing the riddle here? No? Ask yourself
why not. It is everywhere.

Sincerely,

— Dojima An

Tue Lone Sick Breaxs
Masahiro,

I fear I have been remiss in explaining certain
important elements of Kuei-jin existence to you. My
own path is taking me to places I had not expected to
go again so soon, and I have not taken your situation
into account. I stress to you the importance of Yin and
Cold Mind, of solitude and study, but I provide you
with no understanding of the importance of the wu. My
humble apologies for this failure.

Take a single stick, flex it, and it breaks. Take a
bunch of sticks, flex the bunch, and they will not break.
So it is with Kuei-jin. The Crane without awu is a pilot
with no ship. The Devil-Tiger without awu is a weapon
with no hand to wield it. The Dragon without a wu is
a fire with no one to warm. The Centipede without a
wu is a juggler with no audience. The Bone Flower
without a wu is a learned master with no disciples. The
one-fingered hand grasps nothing.

I speak too often as though followers of the other
Dharmas encumber those of us who follow the Song of
the Shadow; while our perceptions may lead us to
believe this, it is most frequently not the case. Xue was
a wise engineer of Kuei-jin, our capacities and our
limitations. He knew that one shining philosophy that
could explain the entire significance of the Second
Breath would be so complex that only a few could grasp
it. Therefore, he took the gem apart in order that we
might look at it one facet at a time.

Bone Flowers are not meant to depend on the other
Dharmas like cold children waiting for adults to tell
them to go into the house, but neither do we become
independent from the other Dharmas until far into our
search for enlightenment. Until you become an ances-
tor, the proper relationship with the other Dharmas is
one of interdependence. Learn what you can from
them, while teaching them whatever they can under-
stand. One hint: Our riddles are lost on most of our
fellows, with the exception of the Thousand Whispers.

The relationship between the Dharmas is one of
reciprocity. The Dragons counter our hesitation, just as
we counter their excessive enthusiasm. We chill the
violence of the Devil-Tigers, just as they prod us into
action we may not otherwise have taken. The Cranes
channel our knowledge to ends which are proper under
Heaven, just as we lure them into learning things that
they would have otherwise left unexamined. The Cen-
tipede we teach restraint; in return, we learn flexibility.
This is why the ancestors find most auspicious those wu


comprising one Kuei-jin from each Dharma and each
direction. We are wiser together than we are apart. Do
not forget this.

The alternative to the mixed wu, of course, is the
Bone Flower wu. Do not doubt, Masahiro, that these
are dangerous. We are knowledgeable but not always
able to put our knowledge to its most proper use. We
often have difficulty passing through the mortal sphere
because of the marks, temporary or permanent, left on
our faces by the Yin we channel. We become paralyzed
by our interminable cold-minded analysis of situations.
We are dexterous but not strong, brilliant but difficult
to engage, aware but insensitive. We often have more
in common with the dead than with the living. This
can be problematic.

If a thing needs doing stealthily, however, then we
are the masters of that realm. If the mission is one of
diplomacy, I wouldn't want followers of any other
Dharma along. There are things that Bone Flowers do
better than any other, and those things we must do
alone. Do not forget this either.

Respectfully,

— Dojima An

HaRNG THE SONG

Masahiro,

lam thinking to you, do you hear it? I am thinking
onto this paper with the pencil in my hand. Can you
hear it? What else do you hear? What do you remember
of those things you have stopped hearing? Do not frown
at this question. It has merit.

It sometimes happens that a Kuei-jin ceases to be
able to hear the Song of the Shadow. The call of
knowledge and the allure of subtlety may become so
soft that other songs become audible. Perhaps the Bone
Flower briefly becomes unbalanced toward Yang and is
led astray by the heady warmth of that principle. For
Kuei-jin in the first 50 years after their Second Breath,
experimentation with the Dharmas is expected. Many
are not certain if they want to continue to value the
goals and choices they made before their deaths. Some
try to follow the Song of the Shadow and find the life
of the Yin scholar too restrained. Others find the
Devil-Tigers too unthinking in their violence or find
the Thrashing Dragons to be too self-deceiving in their
tasteless and satirical imitation of life.

A single act of blindness can set a vampire back on
her Dharmic journey by years, possibly centuries in the
case of mandarins and ancestors.

You do not want that.

At your level of understanding, you lose very little,
and you gain it back quickly, but as you become more
enlightened, acts of blindness hurt you. Kuei-jin on
other Dharmas experience this as well. Sometimes they
fall off their path. Sometimes they fall into ours.

Bone Fiowers

We are not exclusionary. Those who want to listen
for the Quiet Song are both allowed and encouraged.
Time will make it clear who is fit for the Song of the
Shadow and who is not. Those on other Dharmic paths
are free to join us, though those who have renounced
other Dharmas may find that the transition is not as
simple as they might have hoped.

It happens frequently that those who believed
themselves Devil-Tigers are simply angry children bear-
ing grudges. They embrace the ways of the Celestial
Devils as the most convenient tool for punishing those
who did them wrong when they breathed. Once their
initial rage has been satisfied by the death of the
wrongdoer, their violence and vengeful ways begin to
feel hollow. Many of these lost ones look to the Quiet
Song as the path for their further Dharmic advancement.

Resplendent Cranes may find with the passage of
time that morality, per se, is not what they are truly
seeking, finding instead that the strictures and moral
admonishments that they valued so highly begin to
chafe after only a decade. These individuals may find
that knowledge and the Cold Mind of the Bone Flower
offer them the same tranquility as the Way of the
Resplendent Crane without the pointless moral strictures.

Rootless Trees often tire of throwing off lives. Even
the largest onion has only so many skins. Many stumble
from the Path of a Thousand Whispers after listening
to the Song of the Shadow. Its quiet soothes them after
listening to the static of so many different voices in
their heads.

Thrashing Dragons can become Bone Flowers only
by completely rethinking their approach to the Second
Breath. Where the Thrashing Dragon is loud and bra-
zen, the Bone Flower is quiet and subtle. Unlike most
other Dharmas, Thrashing Dragons don't just happen
upon the Quiet Song accidentally. It would be difficult
for our ways to be more different. The Dragons value
heat, passion and the semblance of life — everything
we do not. The rare Dragons who turn to the Song of
the Shadow nearly always do so to escape the jarring
and grating noise and chaos of their former Dharma.

It is more common for the followers of the so-called
heretical Dharmas to tire of their false paths. Heresies
tend to spring up in the backwaters of the Middle
Kingdom, and should Kuei-jin from those odd places
move to more civilized regions, they frequently realize
the folly of their old beliefs. Many heretics come to the
Song of the Shadow, if for no other reason than our
policy of cool non-judgement. It makes us less intimi-
dating than the other Dharmas, whose members are
likely to brand heretics akuma as a knee-jerk matter
of course.

Kuei-jin who have adopted the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix as their path to enlightenment frequently give
it up after watching one generation of family fade into
senescence and die. The pain accompanying such ex-

The justrucrion oF Masanjro

periences quickly teaches them the value of tempering
their interest in the world of the living. The Song of the
Shadow, because of its belief in safeguarding the fam-
ily, can often be a soothing and less problematic alter-
native to the Flame of the Rising Phoenix.

Those following the Tempest of Inward Focus can
become Bone Flowers, but they must change their
outlook. Tempests must understand that the calm they
seek can be found more easily in the icy self-control of
the Black Metal Egg than in the madly taxing attempt
to constantly pit two forces against each other in hopes
that they will negate one another.

Similarly, Godlings can become Bone Flowers by
denying their urge to godhood. They are here to serve
a function under tian, not to become its master. If they
want to be the master of something, let them master
themselves first.

Cerulean Veils are so close to being true Bone
Flowers, and yet, they don't realize it. They interact
with ghosts, and they recognize the power of Yin, but
they cannot seem to free themselves from old, outdated
modes of interacting with spirits. If they could just let
go of their superstitious taboos and allow themselves to
partake of the clarity of Yin, the followers of the Spirit
of the Living Earth would make fine Bone Flowers indeed.

But so will you, one day. I expect to see this for
myself when you come to help me expel the Kin-jin
from San Francisco.

Sincerely,

— Dojima An

Darr SECRETS

Masahiro,

Even with the Cold Mind, there are moments of
pain and regret. The Kin-jin of this damnable city have
cost us much, and I feel my restraint slipping. I must be
cool and still, inaction is our way. Do not ever think of
us as perfect, Masahiro. That way leads to pride, and
pride is the lot of foolish Cranes. Our Song is dark and
dangerous. It draws us to places that in an earlier age
were better avoided. Yes, Masahiro, I refer to Yomi, the
Thousand Hells of the Yama Kings.

None know more about Yomi than the Bone Flow-
ers. The frequency with which we travel the spirit
worlds is legendary, and while Yomi is the worst pos-
sible destination, we welcome the experience for the
knowledge we gain, even if that knowledge is etched in
our skin by the Yama Kings themselves. We study the
hells intensively. They fascinate us. We hunt down
facts about Yomi with the unshakable intensity of a
child picking at a scab. The pain we endured in the
realms of the Yama Kings stays with us. It haunts our
quiet moments, and when one is a Bone Flower, that
means most of them. We may brood obsessively, con-
templating its many agonies.

Many things may fill the empty cup of Yin. The


28

Sweaty Man of Yang may fill it and destroy our Cold
Mind. The nectar of knowledge may fill it and advance
us along our Dharma. But another substance also fills
us. Do you know it? Remember your time in Yomi.
Masahiro. Do you know now? Yes, pain.

When we have memories of the torments we suf-
fered in Yomi, most, though notall, of those who follow
the Quiet Song experience a remarkably strong im-
pulse to recreate that pain. How many times have you
calmly drawn the blade of a freshly sharpened knife
across your own white skin — a forearm, a shoulder, a
thigh — just to feel the peculiar moment of redemption
and tranquility that follows? Fewer times than I, I
would think. It is, perhaps, one more method of self-
mastery, of sampling a small taste of the cold feast on
which we supped in Yomi. That is why Yomi fascinates
us so, and that is why we, of all the Dharmas, make
extended visits to that place. We understand well the
stories they tell of the Yama King Emma-o and what
goes on between him and his shikome servitors in
Kyuden no Kakuri. His thirst for pain, it would seem, is
shared by most of our Dharma.

We Know These Heus

But let us talk more of Yomi than of our shameful
secrets. The hell that Bone Flowers know best is Kakuri.
It is, if there is such a thing, a relatively comfortable
hell. It is cold and dark, as are we, and it deceives, as do
we. Even the dreaded shikome hold no surprises for us,
because most of them once walked the same Singing
Shadow Path that we do. When one understands a
demon and her motivations intimately, does that make
her more or less disturbing? Reflect on that question.

The other hells we understand less completely,
although we tend to appreciate the Yin-aspected ones
more. Mikaboshi's Wicked City, Wu Hua's Pit of Salt
and Iron, Chur-Xao's Hell of Falling and a few others
all follow principles that we can respect and under-
stand. Not that it diminishes the agonies we suffer
when we are there, but from a strictly objective stand-
point the Yin hells share a certain... aesthetic that we
can't help but appreciate. Even in suffering, the Cold
Mind allows us to observe and learn.

The other hells have decidedly less appeal. The
Yang-aspected hells are particularly repugnant. The
Hell of Burrowing Maggots, the Hell of Being Cut to
Pieces, the Hell of Boiling Oil and, especially, Tou
Mu's Hell of Being Skinned Alive all bear an extra
horror for Bone Flowers. The very nature of these
places burns away the Yin that grants us our vision, our
equanimity and rationality like a hot poker to the eyes.
And yet, we go there anyway. Yes, it hurts, but it is Hell
and is supposed to hurt; for those of us following the
Shadow Song, pain is a fair price for knowledge. Yes,
the agonies are indescribable. Yes, many of our number
never return. But knowledge available without striving
and sacrifice is common knowledge and therefore

‘lacks value.

Bone Flower ancestors often go to Yomi to learn
more about it, in hopes of finding some way of at least
mitigating the ruin of the Sixth Age. Spies in Hell,
they discern what they can of the major Yama Kings.
Sometimes, they even come back to share what they
have discovered. The Red Book of the Iron Bridge, with
its long lists and descriptions of the hells was written by
one such intrepid ancestor. The Broken-Winged Crane
was also written by a Bone Flower ancestor, though she
was tainted by her time in Yomi and entered into the
service of the Yama Kings either during or shortly after
writing that disturbing book.

The Price anp Valve oF CorRuPTION

That sort of corruption is controversial among
Bone Flowers. The common — and the only socially
acceptable — comment on akuma is that they are vile
and must be destroyed as quickly as possible. In fact,
only asmall portion of Bone Flowers hold this position.
Most of the rest of us fall into one of two camps —
perhaps the closest we ever come to sects — known as
the Empty Hands and the Fishhooks. The Empty Hands
believe that, while each of us is obligated to keep
ourselves free of the taint of the Yama Kings, we cannot
interfere with another's quest for knowledge. The Fish-
hooks, on the other hand, believe that the discovery of
an akuma is an excellent opportunity to learn more
about the Yama Kings and their goals by interrogating
the corrupt one relentlessly. The Hooks are perhaps
the most cold-minded of Bone Flowers. They will do or
say anything to get information from an akuma. Most
Bone Flowers prefer to lure and coax information out of
such prisoners, but some feel that the information
involved warrants subjecting even a member of their
own wu to agonies imported directly from Yomi to
extract knowledge of the hells and the intentions of the
Yama Kings.

Powerful members of the other Dharmas have long
whispered accusations of akuma infestation in our ranks.
Much of this is pointless political chattering that the
Cold Mind wisely ignores, but we must never give our
critics evidence to support their claims. The Song of
the Shadow prides itself on its quest for knowledge and
its responsible and appropriate use of information.
There are Bone Flower bodhisattvas who have gotten
the better of a deal with the Yama Kings. It is our right
to have access to any information available to us,
including many books on demonology, infernalism or
similarly sensitive issues. Foolish behavior on the part
of some Bone Flowers, those who lack the proper cold-
mindedness, endangers this right by giving ammuni-
tion to those who accuse us of sheltering akuma. This
weakens our claims that our internalization of the
Black Metal Egg prevents us from making rash and
poorly considered decisions like becoming pawns of
the Yama Kings. Our ancestors (even those of the

‘The fustrucrion oF Masaijro

Empty Hand faction) have destroyed younger Kuei-jin
just for allowing these sorts of suspicions to arise in the
first place.

In truth, Bone Flowers are difficult for the Yama
Kings to lure into service. Our cold natures rarely stir
at any bait the Yama Kings dangle in front of us. There
is one currency that draws in Shadow Songs like no
other, however, and that is esoteric knowledge. If we
have any addiction, it is to information, and the Yama
Kings know this all too well. On those occasions when
they do manage to take a Bone Flower into their service
as an akuma, it is in exchange for information on the
Yama Kings themselves. The information that we have
accumulated on the Yama Kings is vast, but I doubt it
has been without its price. I have heard ancestors say
that that the Song of the Shadow got the better end of
these dark bargains. This is a riddle I have yet to unravel.

Tue Cycie Turns

We are not ignorant of the Yama Kings' power or
the limits of their malice, but neither are we particu-
larly horrified or impressed. There must be some mecha-
nism to help propel the Wheel of Ages through its
cycle, and the Yama Kings are doing an excellent job of
accomplishing the will of Heaven. Remember that
what is best for the cycle is clearly not always going to
be best for Kuei-jin, other shen or mortals. Those things

9

that satisfy our needs and keep us comfortable we are
inclined to call good, and those things that cause us
discomfort or pain we are inclined to call evil. The
cycle, however, is not concerned with the matters of
the denizens of the Middle Kingdom. It is the ultimate
Cold Mind and turns neither for our pleasure nor our
pain. We put ourselves in the way of good fortune and
then exclaim how the universe has provided for us; we
put ourselves in the way of bad joss, and we complain
how unfair the world is. Neither position matters.
That being said, the notion of a storm and the
actuality of being pelted by rain, buffeted by winds and
struck by lightning are two entirely different things.
The Yama Kings are only performing the tasks assigned
to them (quite cleverly) by Heaven, but that doesn't
mean that the denizens of the Middle Kingdom are
obligated to throw themselves beneath the karmic
wheel. The Sixth Age is coming. Its approach is not
subtle. When it hits, it will hit like a storm, and the
Middle Kingdom will be wrenched from its moorings.
By laying a foundation of understanding between the
shen and by gaining enough information on the plans of
the Yama Kings, we just may be able to insulate the
Middle Kingdom from the worst of the shocks to come.
I hope you will be able to join me soon.
Sincerely,

— Dojima An



Tae Many Quer Wars

3

FNE MANY
GUTEF WAYS

Across THE
MijppLe Kingpom

A Dharma is a philosophy of enlightenment. It is a
path of shared beliefs that the Grand Arhat founded as a
way of helping others along toward enlightenment and,
therefore, allow at least some of the Hungry Dead to
redeem themselves. The adherents of the Song of the
Shadow Dharma don't necessarily share anything else.
They may be of different genders, come from different
socioeconomic strata, have grown up with different reli-
gious beliefs and speak different languages. All Dharmas
vary depending on the belief systems they're interpreted
through, and the Song of the Shadow is no different. For
these reasons, subtle differences appear in the Dharma
from court to court. Most notably, not every court stresses
all eight tenets equally.

ScHoars OF THE QUjNCUNX

As in most things among the Kuei-jin, China is the
cultural center of the Bone Flowers. The Five August
Courts of the Quincunx play a central role in the overall
affairs of the Dharma, and the stereotype of the dark
scholar that so marks Shadow Songs originates here.
Chongging is the epicenter of all things Bone Flower, but
the other Quincunx courts are also important for those
who listen to the Quiet Song.

Tue Bone Courr oF CHongaing

Chongging, at the nexus of many Yin-aspected dragon
lines, has become the philosophical seat of the Song of the
Shadow Dharma. Were it nota major city in the Quincunx,
Chongqing would have a much greater population of
Bone Flowers than any other Dharma; as it is, Bone
Flowers make up just over half of the Kuei-jin population.

The Bone Flower love of knowledge finds its highest
expression in the great library of Chongqing. The huge
subterranean complex is one of the holiest sites of the
Dharma. It houses all manner of scrolls, books and arti-
facts relating to Mount Meru, necromancy, Kin-jin, Zao-
lat's damnation, Xue's enlightenment, demonology, the
Occidental world and the history of the Middle Kingdom.
Still more hides in the private collections of local ances-
tors. There are no fewer than two copies of The Broken-
Winged Crane in Chongqing. One copy of this disturbing
treatise on the Sixth Age rests in the library's warded
vault, the other in the most private office of the Bone
Ancestor herself.

In the mortal world, Chongqing is the bureaucratic
capital of a predominantly rural region, and certain other
courts thus find it to be a bit of a backwater. The Bone
Court, however, is happy to be at a distance from the great
masses of humanity and shen. It is easier to safeguard the
knowledge they keep when they are far from the madness
of cities like Beijing, Tokyo, Hong Kong or Singapore.
The distance they have maintained from the extreme

32

urbanization of the cities along China's eastern coast
lends them a level of protection from the degeneration
that infuses those areas.

The guardians of Dharmic orthodoxy, Bone Court
Shadow Songs take pains to observe all eight tenets of the
Dharma with equal emphasis. At one time or another,
virtually all Bone Flowers will travel to Chongqing either
to study with an ancestor, consult the library or contribute
their own wisdom to the collection. Because of this, the
Bone Ancestor makes sure her students and fellows value
all parts of the Dharma.

Tue Fiesh Courr oF SHanGHaj

The Flesh Court is a stronghold for those Bone
Flowers more inclined to infiltration and the arts of war.
Shanghai and its associated provinces are no place for
most scholars, but students of war are a heartier breed.
The demand for spies and assassins here is so great that
Bone Flowers from across the Middle Kingdom come here
to ply those trades.

The assassination of the Flesh Court Ancestor in
1938 by the powerful Black Wave wu (made up entirely of
Bone Flower assassins) has attached a stigma to the Song
of the Shadow in Shanghai. Nevertheless, with a city so
full of trained assassins, even powerful Kuei-jin are para-
noid enough not to say anything overtly disrespectful.
Shanghai boasts many single-Dharma wu, and most of
these comprise Bone Flowers. The icy calm that flows
around one of these wu is palpable. Few Kuei-jin find any
appeal in the idea of dealing with these cold, methodical
scholars of Final Death technique.

The black market of Shanghai is a gathering place for
Bone Flowers in the city. They swarm casually around
informants and gather what knowledge they can about
their opponents and any changes in the Kuei-jin popula-
tion of the city. More than in any other city in the Middle
Kingdom, obtaining accurate information in Shanghai
can mean the difference between survival and Final
Death. It is rare for Bone Flowerwu to actually battle each
other. Instead, they utilize their skills at diplomacy to
defuse the conflict, and if diplomacy fails, there's always
the appeal of a quick, quiet assassination. On those rare
occasions when Bone Flowers do opt to "win after fight-
ing," the combat is lightning fast, hideously violent and
disturbingly quiet. Within a matter of 30 seconds one wu
has been sent to Final Death, and the victors have
disappeared.

Tue jape Courr or CHangan

The most scholarly of the scholarly, Bone Flowers of
the Jade Court memorize important works of Kuei-jin
culture and learning. The tenets regarding learning are
most important, along with the second recommending
the protection of the family. Cooperation and under-
standing between the Dharmas are recurring themes
among local Bone Flowers.

Bont Flowers

The Sages of the Fivefold Way, the greatest extantwu
in the Middle Kingdom resides in the Jade Court, at the
Shaolin Monastery. The Bone Flower bodhisattva Zhao
Zaikeng is a member and answers questions about the
Shadow Song way. To the unenlightened, however, his
words are bizarre riddles. When asked when the Sixth Age
would begin, he responded, "All you see is when you look
at it. Close your eyes for now."

Tht Bioop Courr oF Brjjing

The Bone Flowers in the Blood Court of Beijing are
the most concerned with appearances. They follow all
protocols very closely. Asa body, they are among the most
ritually inclined. Rites, both mystic and otherwise, are the
focus of their existence. While some say that this makes
them the most proper adherents of their Dharma, the
more popular opinion is that they waste so much time
with extraneous ritual that they have very little time to
devote to their studies, which, in theory, are supposed to
be the center of Bone Flower existence. Their situation is
understandable, however. The Blood Court as a whole
errs on the side of excessive formality in its efforts to
provide a model for the rest of the Quincunx and the
Middle Kingdom. Since the other courts follow the Blood
Court's lead so lackadaisically, Beijing feels it must dis-
play an excess of formality in order to maintain a sufficient
level of order across the Middle Kingdom.

One way in which this benefits the Shadow Song
Dharma is through the balance of the eight tenets. The
Bone Flowers of the Blood Court go to extreme lengths to
give all tenets equal weight. By doing so, they hope to
minimize the nearly heretical levels of variance exhibited
in the followers of the Dharma from other courts (like the
notoriously unbalanced Green Courts). While the Bone
Flowers of the Blood Court may be less productive schol-
ars than Shadow Songs from Chongqing, Changan or
other areas, they serve the Dharma as role models.

The Fiame Courr or Hong Kong

Bone Flowers in the Flame Court are perhaps the best
diplomats among the Shadow Singers. They've had to be.
No other city in the Middle Kingdom has had so long a
history of foreign occupation. Many other shen also call
Hong Kong home, making Bone Flower diplomacy all the
more necessary to prevent antagonism between the myriad
factions. That diplomacy is currently placing the Bone
Flowers in a most regrettable position.

When the British originally took the city of Hong
Kong, the rush of foreign shen into the city nearly erupted
into outright warfare between the Kuei-jin, the Kin-jin
and other myriad supernatural invaders. Only the cold-
minded intervention of several wu of Bone Flowers pre-
vented the open warfare that would have attracted Shih
from across China.

As the occupation drew out, it became clear that
Bone Flowers needed to act as buffers between Asian and

Tae Many Quer Was

gweilo factions of shen, a task they accepted and performed
for a century with exquisite dignity and elegance. During
that time, relations with the Kin-jin became almost
comfortable. Then, 1997 arrived.

The awkward peace negotiated by the Bone Flowers
became a house of cards once the Quincunx decided to
take Hong Kong back from the Kin-jin by force. The
Shadow Songs were caught between the hammer of the
Quincunx and the anvil of the Kin-jin. After negotiating
a surprisingly stable peace between the two factions, the
Bone Flowers found that the Quincunx had betrayed their
efforts and begun purging the city of gweilo. The experi-
ence was enough to evoke bitterness from many less cold-
minded Bone Flowers.

The upshot of this is that many of the (relatively) pro-
Western Righteous Devils of Kowloon are Bone Flowers
still intent on recognizing the treaties they made with the
Kin-jin (although no Bone Flowers share guanxi with
Angtio Chun, the head Devil). In 1998, these Shadow
Songs especially wished stable ties with the Tremere
Oliver Thrace, who they found both tactful and remark-
ably well-versed in sorcery. Thrace brought his period of
grace with the Bone Flowers to an end, however, by
sending an unearthed copy of Phoenix, Monkey, Rat —a
supposedly lost Kuei-jin text — to his superior Thomas
Wyncham in the spring of 1999. Shortly thereafter,
Thrace disappeared, and some whisper Bone Flower assas-
sins showed him the folly of his ways.

Hong Kongalso puts diplomacy with othershen to the
test, owing to the remarkable number of dragon nests and
the zeal with which the hengeyokai, chi'n ta and Kuei-jin
seek access to them. It is a source of unending challenge
to the many diplomatic wu residing in this small court.

Hong Kong, meanwhile, is the jumping off point for
a large portion of the Great Leap Outward. It is a base of
operations for the renowned Metal Dragon Talon wu, and
those Bone Flowers going to San Francisco frequently
leave from Hong Kong.

INECROMANCERS OF THE
Green Courrs

In Korea, the widespread Bone Flower concern with
the dead has become an obsession. Local Shadow Songs
emphasize the first and third tenets above all others. Some
are inclined to call their curiosity toward the Yin World
obsessive, but the ancients of the Green Courts value and
respect it. Indeed, the Song of the Shadow holds more
sway over the Green Courts than any other, including the
Bone Court, because necromancy is essentially the local
pastime.

The Green Courts have been caught between the
forces of the two major players in the Middle Kingdom on
several occasions, and they now maintain a policy of
complete neutrality toward both the Chinese and Japa-
nese courts. This rules out politics as a major motivation
for most Korean Kuei-jin. Instead, they have turned to the

33

Yin World for their intrigues. The world of ghosts is the
primary source of information for the Green Courts. They
trade favors with the dead in order to monitor hengeyokai
activity in Korea, political developments in Shanghai and
what is done with the jade they sell. The great storm that
has ravaged the Yellow Springs, sending many ghosts
toward the world of the living, has made these relations
more strained of late. Although there are plentiful ghosts
with which to trade information, many seem confused
and enraged by the chaos in the Underworld.

Tue Strangers

A year ago, vampires from India (creatures very like
Kin-jin but subtly different) entered Korea, asking for
protection from a degenerate Kin-jin family. They re-
quested access to the Green Courts' collection of safe
houses along the Parallel Path. In exchange, they offered
their unsurpassed knowledge of necromancy and the
techniques of channeling Yin. The Green Court ances-
tors hardly hesitated and granted the strangers asylum in
Seoul itself. These Indian vampires have brought with
them information that not even the most necromantically
inclined ancestors knew.

Needless to say, these new arrivals have caused a
commotion within the Dharma. Most Kuei-jin following
other Dharmas have heard that they are scholars of vast
learning and nothing more. Among Bone Flowers, how-
ever, the reaction is somewhat different. Representatives
from other courts have been clamoring (in as much as a
cold-minded follower of the Song of the Shadow can
clamor) to visit Seoul to meet these scholars. The Green
Courts, controlled by a cabinet of crafty elder Shadow
Songs, are only too happy to host Bone Flower visitors, for
aprice. They are quite effectively turning their guests into
ascholarly commodity and getting promises of favors from
Bone Flowers from across the Middle Kingdom in ex-
change for the opportunity to study with these bizarre and
old masters of death knowledge.

A rumor is currently flying that the Most Serene
Black Pearl Mistress, Mother of Shadows, herself, is bring-
ing the Most Exalted Shadow Blossom Family (her entou-
rage) to Seoul. This has raised eyebrows among many
Bone Flowers, who would welcome a chance to learn from
the coldest-minded being in existence, the greatest arhat
of the Dharma. To say that there is no trepidation regard-
ing this rumor would be inaccurate, but no Bone Flower
would ever admit to such a hot-minded thing.

DeatH-DEALERS OF JAPAN

In Japan, Bone Flowers are more like wise men or
Shinto priests. They place the greatest emphasis on the
second, third, fourth and eighth tenets. Until recently,
the Shadow Songs acted as diplomats to the Yellow
Springs, but a great storm has made relations with the Jade
Empire difficult. Most notably, the storm has blown many
ghosts into the lands of the living, bringing terrible joss.
Bone Flowers do continue to act as intermediaries with

the dead, although the nature of those relations are now
quite changed.

Many Bone Flower gaki have tried to help Japanese
ghosts escape from the tyranny of the Chinese Yellow
Springs. Indeed, the Japanese Yin World is effectively
under foreign occupation — what the local shen call the
Senryo. The recent upheavals in the Yin World seem to
offer a chance to free the ancestors' ghosts from the Jade
Emperor and many local Bone Flowers are busy gathering
as much information as they can to help in this auspicious
endeavor.

For more on the Senryo, see World of Darkness:
Tokyo and Dark Kingdom of Jade. The recent storm and
some of its aftereffects are revealed in the Wraith: The
Oblivion supplement Ends of Empire.

House Genyj

The Bone Flowers of House Genji are subtle in their
pursuits. Their Yin orientation mitigates the loud, aggres-
sive disposition that seems to come over most in the
house. These Bone Flowers are still Genji, however, and
are enamored with the modern world. Information is
almost as dear to them as Chi, and the clotted mass of data
pulsing through the Web is their preferred way of obtain-
ing it.

The more modern cities of Japan are strongholds for
the Genji, and the Bone Flowers are adept at making the
most of their locale; Kobe, Kyoto and Tokyo are their
stomping grounds. The southern-most reaches of Japan,
much less under Bishamon control than the rest of the
country, are also home to many Genji Bone Flowers,
despite the poisoned Chi.

Indeed, the Kuei-jin of House Genji have fewer
problems, both philosophically and physically, with the
corrupted Chi resulting from the Burnings. They consider
whatever symptoms they develop from using corrupt Chi
to be a fair trade-off for the inroads they have made into
the West since 1945. They rushed back to Hiroshima and
Nagasaki as soon as their mortal prey returned and began
forging connections to the West, which they realized
would soon have a powerful presence throughout Japan.
The opportunities for powerful new contacts and alli-
ances were not to be missed. The Bone Flowers took
careful note of this auspicious fact and behaved accordingly.

Japan's expansionist phase gave Shadow Songs of
House Genji aclean connection to the outside world. The
Emperor's surrender hadn't yet finished echoing when
Genji's adherents of the Black Metal Egg had to engage
the incoming Occidentals. Their diplomatic skills forged
alliances with various gaijin, both mortal and Kin-jin.

The most scandalous alliance was that made with the
Giovanni family. The Kin-jin necromancers were early
and enthusiastic visitors to Edo and, later, Tokyo. Their
take on necromancy intrigued Genji Bone Flowers, who
hoped to discover an advantage over the Bishamon that
might shift the balance of power in Japan. Although Bone
Flowers found they could adapt some of the Giovanni

Bone Fiowers

rituals to their use, these techniques of bullying and
intimidating the spirits of the dead were intolerably rude
and disrespectful. Bone Flower Ancestors of both the
Genji and Bishamon houses ruled Western necromancy
to be an abomination, and those practicing it were to be
subject to the Eye of Heaven.

The Genji tend to show Giovanni some leniency,
since they, as foreigners, are expected to be unmannered,
uncivil and boorish, but necromantic magic that brow-
beats the dead into compliance clearly violates the second
tenet of the Song of the Shadow. A Bone Flower who
practices one of the forbidden rituals is in for very harsh
treatment and will have a hard time hiding his crimes.
The spirits of the dead are used to being treated with
respect in the Middle Kingdom and tend to report offenses
to the appropriate ancestor. The current chaos in the
Yellow Springs makes such reporting a little less likely but
still a threat.

The Giovanni issue takes a back seat for most Genji
Bone Flowers, however. The incoming Westerners brought
with them enormous amounts of knowledge that needed
to be explored and understood. They also brought with
them foreign Zaibatsu agents called Technocrats. Both
local and foreign Stone People now appear determined to
minimize the power of the shen throughout the Middle
Kingdom, and one of the Bone Flower's most significant
callings right now is to infiltrate the Zaibatsu and mitigate
its control over Japan's shen or — better yet — to use the
Zaibatsu as a weapon against the Bishamon. Infiltrating
and manipulating these Lightning People is proving ex-
tremely difficult; indeed, their version of scarlet screens
are extremely effective.

The Genji have reacted by forging an uneasy alliance
between the native shen against the Zaibatsu. On occa-
sion, the Shadow Songs will even recruit foreign shen in
their war against the Technocrats. Weakening the dragon
lines in the major cities is likely to be only a minor step
toward the subjugation of the shen of Japan.

House Byjshamon

Acommon joke within House Bishamon is that ithas
no followers of the Song of the Shadow. This, of course,
is not the case, but so many of them are shadowy and
subtle figures that there is no obvious population of Bone
Flowers to be found outside of a few functionaries in the
major cities. For a Bone Flower to give up her solitude and
anonymity, however, the position must be worthy of such
a sacrifice. The upshot of all of this is that Bone Flowers
appear (to outsiders) to be very rare in House Bishamon,
but those who are visible are very well placed within the
house's feudal power structure.

Unlike the Chinese courts, House Bishamon is a
stronghold for Bone Flowers who follow the paths of
espionage and assassination. The vast portion of those
who study at Daisetsuzan are from House Bishamon (see
p- 37). This results in a reversal of the Bone Flowers'
traditional role. Within the Bishamon uji they are not


Bone Fiowers Learnjng
NeEcromancy?

Although no Kuei-jin can learn the path-

derived powers of the Discipline, Necromancy ~

rituals can "cross over." The Kuei-jin must be a
skilled ritualist (Occult ¢¢¢ and Rituals ¢*¢¢)
and Yin-aspected to adapt and use these foreign
death incantations (as well as somehow having
access to a learned Giovanni). Any of the basic
Necromancy rituals (see Vampire: The Masquer-
ade, p. 165) can cross over and become Kuei-jin
rites of one level higher than their ritual level. For
example, Cadaver's Touch, a ribs four ritual,
would be a level five rite.

Note that these adapted rituals may, in fact,

accomplish the same goals as some traditional |

Kuei-jin rites. Nevertheless, the rituals are all
banned by Genji and Bishamon Bone Flowers
because of their origins. They also cause a miti-

gated version of a Kindred Discipline's ripple effect |

on local Chi (see Kindred of the East pee
p. 122).

35

quiet scholars of the night, but the elite assassins of the
house and deserving of great respect. They still attend to
their stewardship of families and their studies, but schol-
arship consists primarily of mastering the arts of infiltra-
tion and war.

Bishamon Bone Flowers keep a deliberately low pro-
file in the south of Japan, where almost all of the dragon
lines are still poisoned from the Burnings. While the city
of Kagoshima on the island of Kyushu has a token repre-
sentation of Shadow Songs, for the most part they simply
behave as if in August of 1945 Kyushu ceased to exist and
the island of Honshu dropped into the ocean west of 134
degrees. Even Shikoku is suspect, and only three cities are
"worthy" of a Bone Flower presence: Takamatsu,
Tokushima and Kochi. Gaki scholars believe the island of
Honshu north and east of Kyoto to be mostly untainted by
the Burnings, although the dragon lines around Tokyo
and other large cities are still weaker than they ought to
be. Some suspect that the Zaibatsu has deliberately taken
steps to weaken them, but it is by and large the Genji who
live in the large cities and must deal with the problems
this creates.

The true seat of power for the Bone Flowers of House
Bishamon is farther north, on the island of Hokkaido. All
the elements of the Black Metal Egg — water, darkness


36

and cold — are here in a concentrated form. The Yin
dragon lines are strong and uncorrupted, and in the
winter, the nights are very, very long, allowing those Bone
Flowers residing there a great deal of freedom to travel,
study or perform extended rituals.

Bishamon Bone Flowers, like many other members of
their uji, have a preference for wilderness areas. They are
masters of Beast Shintai, and in their black cycle, need
feed only once every tenth night. Consequently they are
able to exist in less populated areas without taking a
noticeable toll on the local community. In conjunction
with their alliances with the various other shen , particu-
larly the hengeyokai, the Bone Flowers of House Bishamon
have a degree of freedom to exist in these wild areas that
other Kuei-jin simply do not. Alliances with the Beast
Courts can be uncertain, however, so the wilderness is
never entirely safe.

While the primary temples of the Bishamon Bone
Flowers are found (or go unfound, as the case may be) in
tural areas, there is a temple in Sapporo where Dharmic
meditations are guided by a Bone Flower ancestor of
House Bishamon. Bone Flowers of the uji also have a
noticeable presence in Hakodate, Sendai, Niigata, Iwaki
and Tokyo. These cities have the proper balance of Yin
and other resources to make them worthy places of study.

Leapjng Ourwarp

The ancestors of the Song of the Shadow are not
content to study the world they know. Being masters of
subtle infiltration and assassination (and failing that,
diplomacy), Bone Flowers are often the first Kuei-jin to
enter regions marked for occupation. They soften up
resistance by assassinating key figures in the local power
structure and, on occasion, by taking the place of their
targets. Once they have gained a foothold in the new
territory, war wu of other Dharmas enter the picture to
take care of the brute force tasks.

Song of the Shadow ancestors from various major
courts, uji and cities communicate extensively to discuss
finely tuned plans for new acquisitions. The highest
priority goal is the infiltration of San Francisco. The
secondary goal involves increasing the Bone Flower's
presence in the Golden Lion Court of Singapore. With
recent events in India, however, these plans are changing.

San Francsco

Quietly and carefully, Bone Flowers pursue the con-
quest of the American city of San Francisco. There are
more speakers of Chinese in San Francisco than in any
city outside the Middle Kingdom. This makes it a cultural
stronghold for the Quincunx, and, if they have it their
way, for the Song of the Shadow in particular. True Kuei-
jin have already taken the Second Breath in San Fran-
cisco. They are among the first to arise in the West and
not become kanbujian. The Quincunx has taken this as an
auspicious omen for the settlement of the west coast of

Bone Fiowers

North America. The Flame Court of Hong Kong, in
particular, has found the business connections between
Hong Kong and San Francisco a useful tool for infiltrating
this new land. The court expects to have substantial
influence over the conquered city. The Bone Flowers have
graciously accepted this mission of stealth and subterfuge.

For the rest of the Kuei-jin, Bone Flower activities in
San Francisco are something of a sideshow to the more
dedicated efforts at conquest in Los Angeles. That cam-
paign went through highs and lows under the command
of the aggressive Mandarin Hao but is now stabilizing
under the watchful eye of Bone Flower ancestor Jiejie Li.
Hao honorably acknowledged his defeat and met the Eye
of Heaven.

Jiejie Li is, first and foremost, a diplomat, and she has
both co-opted Kin-jin in Los Angeles and opened nego-
tiations with the Western power structure in San Fran-
cisco. Some in the Quincunx call this folly, but the
ancestor knows that while she negotiates, the Metal
Dragon Talon wu and other Shadow Songs slowly erode
the Kin-jin hold on the city. Whether the ancestor is
using the negotiations to distract her enemies from an
ongoing conquest or using the Bone Flower infiltrators to
weaken the Kin-jin bargaining position remains unclear.

The Bone Flower ancestors of the Koga uji have been
most gracious in accepting this subtle route, fully aware
that it gives them the chance to secure the city for
themselves and the Bone Flowers of the Flame Court. For
the time being, their campaign goes well, and they are
slowly whittling away Kin-jin areas of control. But the
Western vampires are far from defeated.

For more information on goings on in California, see

Shadow War.
SjngaPore

Bone Flowers have a substantial presence in all the
power-centers of the Middle Kingdom except the Golden
Courts. While the Golden Courts proper, with their
tuling penangallan, don't make a tempting target for the
Bone Flowers, the Golden Lion Court of Singapore does.
It has become a popular destination for Shadow Songs
from the Bone Court and from the Green Courts. Those
from Chongqing are trying to install a strong Bone Flower
presence within the next decade, expanding the Dharma's
influence and the Bone Court's. The Korean Bone Flow-
ers in the city, however, are more interested in putting
some distance between themselves and all the newcomers
arriving to see the Indian necromancers currently staying
in Seoul. Both factions tread carefully, insinuating them-
selves as useful aids and scholars, rather than attempting
any overt takeover.

jun

The Indian subcontinent has recently opened up to
Kuei-jin influence. Three bodhisattvas, a Thrashing
Dragon, a Resplendent Crane and a Devil-Tiger, de-
stroyed an immensely powerful Kin-jin and were sent to

The Many Qujer Ways

Yomi in the process. In the carnage that followed that
resoundingly inauspicious conflict, the Kin-jin fell upon
each other like rabid beasts. But for a handful, the Kin-jin
destroyed one another, leaving India open to Kuei-jin
expansion (see the Vampire: The Masquerade supple-
ment Time of Thin Blood for more details).

While those peculiar Kuei-jin following the heretical
Path of the Rising Phoenix show little, if any, interest in
claiming the portions of India that have opened up, the
Devil-Tigers, Cranes and Dragons have launched a furi-
ous campaign to avenge their fallen bodhisattvas, and
those few Kin-jin that remained in India have been sent
on their way to Yomi. Meanwhile, the Bone Ancestor has
sent several powerful wu of Bone Flowers from Chongqing
into Ahmadabad, a city in the State of Gujarat on the

jima An here for
e Flowers of the
nies with the Bone
Court on the next move
ready the Kuei-jin con-
1 of Mission and east of Van
as Spillee a push west, to

in in et ‘She hadteee:

Japanese, ey were'at least

x ee Foe e was versed in
she could rely on |

Por te ta beh

"a

Whi re Tie Corpse, so as not
to address her in
would a lonely

se : two
cats were stalking?"

LiliZhou smiled. fe ea Re
i % whispered Dojima. olds

western coast of India. As shen of the west direction, it
befits the followers of the Song of the Shadow to take up
the westernmost frontier of the Middle Kingdom. Once
the Bone Court has fortified its position in Ahmadabad,
it has every intention of claiming the north and west of
India for itself. This would put Meru in the very center of
its territory, a move the Bone Court finds most
auspicious indeed.

Tempies oF ¥jn

The Song of the Shadow has many places it considers
holy. These temples are most often centers of learning
sitting on powerful Yin-rich dragon nests. While this
combination of Yin and study form the ideal Bone Flower
holy site (just as it forms the ideal Bone Flower), there are
areas of such powerful Yin that this alone makes them
important to the Dharma. There are wu of Bone Flowers
dedicated to guarding such sites, keeping them hidden
from other Kuei-jin and shen.

Pilgrimage to these various temples is often part of a
Bone Flower's Dharmic path. Shadow Songs are under no
obligation to visit holy sites, however. They travel in
order to learn from great teachers, consult valuable works
or bathe in the Chi of the greatest Yin dragon nests. No
law enforces pilgrimage, but enlightenment without vis-
iting the major sites is nigh impossible.

Dajsersuzan (Hoxxajpo, japan)

Wall Rating: 5

The Daisetsu mountain range forms the "Roof of
Hokkaido," a high plateau on Japan's cold northernmost
island. In the side of Asahidake, the tallest mountain in
the area, is acave leading into acomplex series of caverns.
These caverns, and the mountain face outside, form the
most secret of all Bone Flower temples, called Daisetsuzan
for the region that houses it. Very few, if any, Kuei-jin of
other Dharmas know of this place of Yin meditation and
martial study. While not all Bone Flower spies and assas-
sins study at Daisetsuzan, it is the school for the cream of
the crop, and its graduates leave fear in their cold-minded wake.

The sensei of Daisetsuzan is the most honorable
Kuro-sama. Kuro-sama's philosophy is brutally simple: By
training in the harshest conditions possible, all other
conditions will seem simple by comparison. In order to
complete an apprenticeship with him without meeting
Final Death, a student must grow very knowledgeable in
the ways of infiltration and assassination. Those who do
not never make it off Asahidake.

Kuro-sama will take three students at a time at the
very most but prefers to train only two so he can pit them
against one another. His tutelage lasts three years, and he
divides his nightly lessons into three parts. In the early
portion of each night students study the techniques of the
great strategists of the Middle Kingdom. During the
midnight hours, Kuro-sama leads them in exercises on the
face of the mountain. The final portion of the night (and

38

past dawn for those who can manage it), consists of
meditation on the Black Metal Egg in the central cavern
near the heart of the mountain.

The academic portion of training takes place wher-
ever Kuro-sama finds the student. He begins by teaching
the great books of Asian military science: Sun Tzu's The
Artof War, Musashi's The Book of Five Rings, Zhuge Liang
and Liu Ji's Mastering the Art of War and a handful of
others. These he uses as the basis for everything else he
teaches. Kuro-sama then instructs his students on the
more exotic techniques of infiltration and assassination:
those requiring the use of Disciplines or magic. He as-
sumes that his students will be assassins of the highest
order and, therefore, will infiltrate and assassinate only
the most extraordinary opponents. Consequently he
teaches the strategies of the hengeyokai, as well as those
of the Wu Lung, the Wu-Keng, the Go Kamisori Gama
clan and other groups of Lightning People. Kuro-sama's
knowledge of these shen is most impressive, although
not infallible.

interacting on levels so subtle

Bont Flowers

The majority of the "applied" portion of the training
takes place on the face of Asahidake. For those Kuei-jin
used to the warmth of Southeast Asia, this can be the most
difficult adjustment. Daisetsuzan is on the same latitude
as Toronto, and the altitude of the mountains insures that
there is ice and snow to train in throughout much of the
year. Students who are still disciples or jina must also
determine how to obtain Chi, since there are no mortals
conveniently available for feeding (the nearest city is 50
kilometers to the west). Most students ride the dragon
tracks to the city to feed, but Kuro-sama is said to reward
more creative solutions.

The drills on the mountain-side are grueling. Kuro-
sama sneaks up on his students repeatedly and stabs them
through the stomach with his (much hated) short sword.
Students eventually learn how not to be surprised (wear-
ing body armor is considered cheating, as it circumvents
the point of the exercise). Kuro-sama then challenges his
students to sneak up on him. None ever has, although
those who master the Harmony with Night rite (see p. 62)

Tam dead and, therefore, do not breathe
ing. The falling snow makes a sound. It's"
approach. I cannot simply listen with the
ink. I must be. Thinking will get me killed.

When the mind is fully engaged, t
if years. | am quite skilled now. We are 7

can keep her mind the most oon les it is me, I will hear him

beat him backto

I must attain the Cold Mind.

the cave. Ifitis he, then | will reap pain for my folly. I must not think. I must be transparent.

in any way Beale we would sense it. I can but welcome
le withdraws the sword. Seconds and snowflakes blow by.

—

ie him now, like a wall behind me. I suddenly understand how I failed. It will not happen again. And,

perhaps sensing my realization, he is gone.

_ Ichannel Chi to close the wound. A\lll the same, the os of that Pan will continue tintldawa:

‘He has s left no ae


The Many Qujer Wars

early on have been able to get within two meters of him
before being subdued (and stabbed).

The final segment of each night takes place in the
dark main cavern of the mountain. Kuro-sama instructs
his pupils in meditation, esoteric matters and philosophy.
Students learn to channel Yin, how to obtain information
from denizens of the Yin World and the necessity for self-
control and cold-mindedness in combat situations. The
sensei also uses this time to build on the lessons of earlier
that night, reminding his pupils of how to frame one
enemy for the death of another, how to manipulate
hengeyokai into killing enemies and other indirect solu-
tions to problems.

Especially since a wu of his graduates helped plunge
the Flesh Court into chaos in 1938, Kuro-sama has em-
phasized the importance of the second and seventh tenets
when accepting assignments. Bone Flowers must not
threaten the overall stability of wu and court through
theiractions or fail to see the dangerous implications of an
assassination. As most of his students actions occur out-
side the formalized limits of twilight or midnight war,
Kuro-sama strives to ensure that they do not unwittingly
precipitate the Sixth Age. A superior assassin, he teaches,
knows all the consequences of his actions and acts with-
out ever being noticed.

Mounr Tjanraj
(Zuejang Province, Cana)

Wall Rating: 3

The best known and most open of the Bone Flower
temples is located on Mount Tiantai in Zhejiang province
in China. It exists almost asa counterpoint to the majority
of Shadow Song temples, which focus so intently on
embodying the Yin principle that the second tenet, pro-
tecting the family, is incapable of playing any true part in
the lives of the Kuei-jin who go there. Tiantai is quite
different. Families that have been wronged in some way
can come here at night to register their complaints. The
complaints must be very serious, or the ancestor will be
displeased. Complaints like "My son must marry this girl
for her dowry, but he says he prefers men; you must punish
him" or "My sister is a witch and has put a curse of
impotence upon my husband so that we can have no more
children" will result in loss of blood as a token of the
ancestor's displeasure. Any family that knows about Tiantai
will know to bring only serious complaints. Any given
night may see a family or perhaps two approach the
temple for an audience with the ancestor, Han Houshou.
She will typically give advice recommending that the
plaintiffs accept that death, even violent death, is a part
of the cycle and that it is best to simply make peace with
the dead and be respectful of the ghost. On occasion, a
complaint will come in that is so offensive that the
ancestor will assign a wu to investigate and redress, if
possible, the wrong to the family. Twice since the found-
ing of the Tiantai Temple 1,500 years ago, the insult to

39

the family has been so great that Han Houshou has
attended to the issue personally.

Mortals throughout Zhejiang province and beyond
have heard of Tiantai Temple, although most believe it to
be inhabited by holy men and women who (at best)
dispense enlightened advice. Stories of dark magic and
the Hungry Dead still circulate among the rural popula-
tion, but such superstition is less potent in urban centers.
The "superstitious farmers" who continue to listen to the
stories, however, find their belief reaffirmed upon meet-
ing Han Houshou.

The Bone Ljsrary (CHongaing, CHjna)

Wall Rating: 3

With the exception of the Black Lotus Temple, the
subterranean library of Chongqing is the holiest site of the
Song of the Shadow Dharma. The Bone Flowers did not
build it alone, however. A Wu Lung wizard assisted them
in exchange for information on the demon masters of his
enemies in the Wu-Keng. Hundreds of mortals also dug
out the enormous main cavern in the days of legend, when
memories of the Wan Xian still lingered in the minds of
the living. Work on the library began the moment the sun
had dropped below the horizon. The Kuei-jin explained
the architectural techniques or physical principles to the
unschooled workers. It took nearly 200 years to finish and
claimed the lives of many workers and the unlives of
several Kuei-jin.

Subterranean architecture did not come naturally to
the mortals or the Kuei-jin, but the Bone Ancestor ruled
that it was the wisest course of action. Should asmall army
of Kuei-jin ever need to mass, the library would protect
them from the vengeance of the sun for as long as they
needed it to. Great Bone Flower tacticians from across the
Middle Kingdom (including the legendary Kuro-sama)
advised the Bone Ancestor on proper defensive fortifica-
tions and strategic design to make the library defensible by
as few as 10 Kuei-jin. The Bone Ancestor reasoned that
unless the great Kuei-jin scholars felt thoroughly confi-
dent in the library and its ability to protect them and the
books they labored over, none would choose to isolate
themselves in the distant backwaters of Chongqing.

Once the library was complete, a slowly building
trickle of scholars, both from the Shadow Song and other
Dharmic paths, joined the initial handful of Bone Flower
scholars already living in Chongqing. A century after its
completion, the subterranean library was the primary
research and cultural site for all Bone Flowers. It was only
a brief time before it held that position among the other
paths as well. When the Eight Sacred Steps wu returned
from the region near Tibet with relics from Meru, they
assured the fame of the library.

Other learned shen sometimes request access to the
contents of the library, and the Bone Ancestor occasion-
ally allows it, in exchange for promises of favors. Only
Kuei-jin are ever allowed into the library itself, however.

40

It houses several hundred Kuei-jin scholars, and their
security is the highest priority. The presence of so many
Hungry Dead in a single place creates a great demand on
the local mortal herd, although the vast majority of these
scholars remain black cycled and need feed only once
every 10 nights. When they do need to feed, the Bone
Ancestor maintains a stable of those who are willing to
donate their Chi to the cause of knowledge. She also
allows careful feeding among the five million inhabitants
of the city of Chongqing, but tasks the Black Screen wu
(which includes both Bone Flower assassins and Devil-
Tiger warriors) to make sure no incautious scholar attracts
attention to the library by ill-advised feeding.

The only site that rivals the great subterranean library
of Chongqing is the Shaolin Monastery of the Jade Court.
The library of Chongqing has more books, more artifacts
from Meru and more scholars to interpret them, reflecting
its emphasis on research and scholastic learning. Those
who have been the to the monastery, however, claim that
asking one question of the bodhisattvas surpasses decades
of study of tomes. The Bone Ancestor says nothing to
these criticisms — jealousy is for the hot-minded.

The Brack Lotus Tempie

(Location UNKNOWN)

Wall Rating: negligible

The Most Serene Black Pearl Mistress, Mother of
Shadows, built the oldest Shadow Song temple herself.
Called the Black Lotus Temple, it is the supreme shrine to
Yin and nothingness. It is a vast place. The domed ceiling
rises high overhead. The floor and walls are perfectly
smooth. The one entrance is a long tunnel coming up
through cold dark water. It is without light in all the ways
a place can be without light.

The silence is painful to the ears, but breaking the
silence is pointless. The temple is so rich in Yin that it
swallows any sound above a whisper. The Wall here is
thin and fragile, a mere step away from the Yin World. On
occasion, sifus of the Bone Flower Dharma bring their
better students here to begin sojourns into the Yellow Springs.

There have always been ghosts at the temple, but
since the beginning of the new ghost world storm, hun-
dreds of the dead have gathered there, lingering like a loss
in the heart. The temple attendants welcome the respect-
ful dead and remove the troublesome. In exchange for the
tight to stay at the temple, the former agree to guard it
against any enemy if it is ever endangered. Young Bone
Flowers wonder what would ever threaten a place that
contains so many powerful ancestors, but the tradition
was instituted by the Most Serene Black Pearl Mistress,
Mother of Shadows, and none has bothered to find her to
question her reasoning.

Bodhisattvas who have left the courts to pursue their
own enlightenment perform their meditations here. They
sit in contemplation, or they perform lengthy series of
slow, agonizing postures that a living body cannot take.
They bend and twist into unnatural and disturbing contortions

Bont Fiowers

as a means of controlling the flow of Yin through their
own bodies. The Yin Prana may well have its origins at the
Black Lotus Temple.

The exact location of the Black Lotus Temple is
known only to those Bone Flowers who have found it
(although students can be brought to the temple blind-
folded by their masters). Rumors swarm among the Run-
ning Monkeys of the Dharma. Some say it lies at the
bottom of the Sea of Japan and benefits from a unique
treaty with the deadly Same-Bito shark-men. Others
claim it lies in North Korea on the site of Qin Shao's
encounter with the fire and the foolish wu (see p. 16). Still
others say it has no physical component at all and exists
ina bubble of the Yin World. The mandarin and ancestors
can but smile at these theories.

Bone Fiowers jn OTHER
REALMS

Followers of the Song of the Shadow hunger for
knowledge, and to satisfy this hunger, they have traveled.
Bone Flowers were among the first Kuei-jin to visit the
lands of the Kin-jin. Even more notably, however, they
are the ambassadors to the ghost and spirit worlds. Of all
the Kuei-jin, Bone Flowers have the most dealings with
the inhabitants of the worlds beyond the Wall.

Tue ¥jn Wor:
Ar Home Anions THE Deap

"Dangling by a scarlet rope
in a vast and bottomless unlit pit,

I greet and converse with my associates, the dead.

But for the first tenet of the Dharma, I would be here now,

thinking in the cold."

Thus begins the Black Winter Pearl, the favored Bone
Flower text on the Yin World and the etiquette of ghosts
written by the scholar Han Dengbao.

Bone Flowers have a particular fondness for the Yin
World. The dead are treasure troves of lost information,
and while they can be difficult at times, the proper rites of
appeasement can make them most forthcoming. Needless
to say, Bone Flowers have established an entire scholarly
dialogue concerning the rites of appeasement; the books
are in the library at Chongqing.

Many Bone Flowers fancy themselves little more
than ghosts with convenient vehicles in the material
world. The number of Shadow Songs who enter the Yin
World for extended "research" is quite high. The Yin
Prana technique Semblance of the Ebon Dragon grants
them freedom from the need to feed on a regular basis,
allowing them to remain in the Yellow Springs for nearly
indefinite periods. There are rumored techniques of ob-
taining Chi from ghosts, but they are highly dubious and
a potential threat to the goodwill that exists between
ghosts and those on the Shadow Path.

Tie Many Quer Ways

In recent times, an enormous storm in the Yin World
has damaged many of the great cities of the Yellow Springs
and sent the Jade Empire through monumental shifts and
changes. Bone Flowers see this as a particularly ill omen,
reflecting the imminence of the Sixth Age. Ghosts, who
have always maintained a moderate presence in the
Middle Kingdom, have now been blasted into the physi-
cal world, where they have begun to comport themselves
in unbecoming and inappropriate ways. Bone Flowers
have been instrumental in convincing some of these
ghosts to behave in a more proper fashion, others they
have had to send on to their next role. While some voices
are counseling that the great storm in the Yin World is
simply a part of the eternal ebb and flow of the worlds
under Heaven, others claim that it is the worst possible
joss and that this development may illicit a response from
on high. Meanwhile, Bone Flower scholars whose duty it
is under tian to study omens watch the storm rage. They
note that a few ghosts have reported that this storm is
worse in the European Underworld, another sign that the
gweilo are harbingers of the Age of Sorrow.

Tue Yang Wor: Tie Unpueasanr Hear

Bone Flowers do not like the Yang World. Only Cold
Mind allows them to spend any time there at all. Their
ambassadorial obligations to the Spirit Courts are the
least favored of their duties under tian. The spiritual light
and heat of the realms agitates them and makes them
uncomfortable. Even Han Dengbao expresses his lack of
appreciation. Early in The Scarlet Sojourn, his book on the
Yang World and the etiquette of spirits, he writes, "Books
should not be left in the teeming jungle. Steam warps
paper, unwrites words. The insects bore."

A Bone Flower's cold-mindedness and etiquette face
their greatest test when dealing with spirits. While ghosts
commonly show a restraint that Bone Flowers find be-
coming, the spirits of the Yang World are more capricious,
bellicose and unfocused. Some even note that the spirits
of the Yang World are not unlike the Kin-jin in that
regard. The Yang Realms' very nature makes them dan-
gerous for Bone Flowers. Their frequent Yin imbalance
highlights all the elements that make them seem cold in
the Middle Kingdom. In the spirit world, the vast majority
of Bone Flowers seem honorless, arrogant, sneaky and
cruel. Unpleasantness can escalate much more quickly
there than Bone Flowers are comfortable with. The Duke
of Thunder may one moment promise to put his army at
one's disposal and the next moment decide to put his
sword to one's throat. The rules of the spirit world are
much less clear to Bone Flowers, although a well-traveled
ancestors once tried to explain it thus:

"Flames change direction.

They make no promises but

Fire always burns."

Tue You; Wor: Secret Exchances

There is a secret. Some Bone Flower ancestors, par-

4

ticularly bodhisattvas, speak with Yama Kings on a rela-
tively frequent basis, possibly as often as once a century.
It is not an alliance. They have not signed pacts with the
Yama Kings, nor do they do their bidding, but there are
times when each seeks the counsel of the other. While the
Yama Kings are essentially omniscient in their respective
hells, there are things they do not know and cannot
readily find out without the knowledge of the exceedingly
wise bodhisattvas. The Yama King Emma-o began this
disturbing mutual imposition when he presented a ques-
tion regarding his own origins to the Most Serene Black
Pearl Mistress, Mother of Shadows. He offered her power
in exchange for her ineffable wisdom, but nothing follows
power so frequently as weakness, and the Mother of
Shadows would have none of it. She did, however, make
Emma-o sign a pact with her promising to answer, truth-
fully and completely, one question for her in reciproca-
tion at whatsoever time she chose. He agreed. To this
date, she has not asked the question. The scroll hangs
from her neck in an ornately carved black obsidian tube.
She is not averse to being owed a favor by a Yama King.

Other ancestors have not been sufficiently cold-
minded to do likewise; they have asked their questions
and answered still more in response. Knowledge can
become an addiction for some Bone Flower elders. The
number of ancestors who have dealt with the Yama Kings
in such a capacity is very small, but there are questions
that need answers. The ancestors are supremely discreet
about this arrangement. They have no interest in being
branded akuma for their "harmless" exchange of informa-
tion.

The Yama Kings, on the other hand, are quite happy
to dangle an ancestor's deeds in the face of younger Bone
Flowers as temptation. Sadly, not all Bone Flowers are
cold-minded enough to withstand the temptation of
esoteric knowledge, and there are those who have become
akuma in the name of learning.

Shadow Songs also sometimes travel into Yomi itself.
Ancestors and bodhisattvas will occasionally do so to
witness the infernal punishment of particularly deserving
Kuei-jin criminals. They note, if possible, which hell the
criminal goes to, by whom he is punished, who the Yama
King of that hell is (if known) and the precise methods of
torture. The ancestors then record these punishments in
a work called The Black Book of the Lash. While not a
particularly popular tome among the Bone Flowers (who
find judgement and punishment to be at odds with the
concept of Cold Mind), Resplendent Cranes frequently
transcribe it as evidence of the August Personage's indi-
rect justice and retribution.

Norasie wo

More than any other Dharma, Bone Flowers share a
common body of knowledge. A vast wealth of history,
legend, lore and Dharmic culture exists in the great
underground library of Chongqing. This accumulated

® Bone Fiowers

wealth of history includes scroll after scroll of tales of
three great wu composed solely of Bone Flowers who have
left their unfading mark on Kuei-jin history. Each of these
wu comprises some of the greatest cultural heroes known
to Kuei-jin in general and followers of the Song of the
Shadow in particular. There are also stories of wu with less
glorious histories that serve as negative examples to
running monkeys.

The Bunce Wave:
Sjuenr, Coup anp Deapiy

The Black Wave wu is one of the most deadly wu in
the Middle Kingdom. An early student of Kuro-sama
named Yukio returned to Daisetsuzan to request of that
great sensei the names of his four most accomplished
students. Kuro-sama named off five, including Yukio
herself. She left Daisetsuzan and sought out the other four
he had named. It was four years later that Yukio found the
last of them. Agreeing to cast their lot together, the five
underwent guanxiand consecrated to themselves a power-
ful nushi spirit of darkness and night. The wu then began
working as the primary assassins for the Koga uji. As Kuro-
sama had instructed, the five were faceless and nameless.
The assassinations they completed were invariably attrib-
uted toothers. As Kuei-jin of considerable enlightenment
(and incomparable training), they were the weapon of
choice for the Koga when circumstances dictated that a
powerful ancestor needed to be eliminated without the
formality of shadow war.

That is what took the Black Wave to Shanghai in
1938. The Flesh Ancestor of the court had taken as
prisoners several Kuei-jin of the Koga uji. When his thinly
veiled threats and requests for Koga withdrawal from
Shanghai were ignored, he personally killed the captives
by burning them away piece by piece until their souls went
screaming back to Yomi. He sent what little remained of
them back to Japan in an ornately carved lacquer box.
The daimyo of the Koga was furious, and he dispatched the
Black Wave to avenge this insult. Within one week, the
heavily guarded and most enlightened Flesh Ancestor
had met Final Death, and the Flesh Court fell into a state
of utter chaos. The assassination was not easy, however,
and Yukio herself was grievously injured by one of the
ancestor's guards. The wu was also unable to completely
mask its participation, and many in the Flesh Court
suspected their involvement. The Black Wave com-
pounded these failures when it confirmed its responsibil-
ity to certain old Japanese Bone Flowers.

The death of the Flesh Ancestor plunged contested
Shanghai into a cycle of chaos that has yet to end. This
was a serious blow to the Black Wave wu, all of whose
members faced an act of blindness when they realized that
they had helped devastate the city. Several Bone Flower
elders, including Kuro-sama and the Bone Ancestor her-
self, sought out the wu to reprimand them. The Black
Wave had failed to respect the seventh tenet, they ex-
plained, when it had blindly accepted the Koga mission.

Tae Many Quer Ways

It had wrought further violence instead of a quick, cold
death. Although the action was technically correct, as it
came in the midst of the midnight war raging between the
Flesh Court and the Koga, it had been inauspicious for the
Black Wave to be but a tool. Its primary duty was to their
Dharma, not the uji.

Since then, the Black Wave has held itself to a higher
standard. It undertakes missions only if it can gain under-
standing from the mission and only if the results are firmly
controlled. The first requirement can be met by payment
in information or training or by missions that in and of
themselves entail new learning (such as facing a new type
of foe or one ina foreign land). The second requirement
has been harder to meet in these inauspicious times. The
Black Wind rejects many assignments because the risks of
further chaos are too great — most notably, it recently
refused to assassinate the Kin-jin leader Jeremy MacNeil
in Los Angeles. Some have called this cowardice, but
Yukio claims that eliminating the Kin-jin strongman now
would just invite worse enemies into the battlefield of the
Great Leap Outward. (For more on the conflict in Los
Angeles, see Shadow War.)

Despite the wu's stricter code and the events of 1938,
the Black Wave still crashes down from time to time on
the enemies of the Koga, and it continues to have close
ties with the uji. Some say that the daimyo employs other,
younger Bone Flower assassins when the Black Wave
chooses not to accept a mission.

Tue Erernar jce: Worps over Weapons

Less violent than either the Black Wave or the Metal
Dragon Talon (see below), the Eternal Ice wu is primarily
an emergency-response diplomatic corps. Its members
have mastered the skills of intervention, de-escalation
and negotiation and use them to prevent unnecessary
friction between mortals and shen or between the various
shen themselves. Armed with nothing but their knowl-
edge of and experience with the denizens of the Middle
Kingdom and their respective systems of etiquette, the
Eternal Ice has a remarkable record of peaceful conflict
resolution. Their reputation for unbiased judgement has
also served to make them arbiters in various claims be-
tween the factions of the Middle Kingdom. In one of its
most infamous cases, the Eternal Ice ruled against another
wu and in favor of a village elder that accused them of
overfeeding on the village's children. The ruling of the
Eternal Ice was respected, and the other wu ceased prey-
ing on children, thereby avoiding having the Shih called
in. In their distinguished career, the Eternal Ice has also
ended hauntings by the ghosts of angry ancestors, defused
hostilities between the Kuei-jin and hengeyokai of the
Green Courts and smoothed over differences between
courts heading toward midnight warfare.

While it is not particularly adept in the ways of
combat, the Eternal Ice wu has many friends. Indeed,
more ancestors, hengeyokai warriors and old ghosts owe
the wu favors than can even be counted at this point.

43

Were it to ask, the Eternal Ice wucould have at its disposal
asmall army of protectors. Of course, not everyone can be
satisfied with a negotiated settlement. The wu has several
enemies among the shen, including the so-called Queen of
Reeds, a powerful penangallan whom they prevented from
establishing a foothold among the Vietnamese refugees in
Hong Kong. Twice already, members of the Eternal Ice
have faced angry Yang spirits sent from the Golden Courts.

The Meta: Dragon TaLon:
puro THe Enemy's Lanps

The youngest of the three famed Bone Flower wu, the
Metal Dragon Talon came together 150 years ago in
response to the Kin-jin incursion into China. By great
perseverance, the Metal Dragon Talon learned the tech-
nique for utilizing Bone and Flesh Shintai together to
mimic the appearance of others. Once their mastery of
English was complete and without accent of any kind, the
wu'smembers began assassinating pivotal gweilo and learn-
ing everything they could from taking their place. It was
an undertaking of extreme danger, but the Metal Dragon
Talon was cold-minded enough to carry it out.

Once the wu had learned all it could of the Kin-jin
incursion, it promptly returned the favor and began mak-
ing incursions of its own into the West. The Talon's fact-
finding missions has taken it to such diverse locales as
Sydney, London, San Francisco, Vancouver, New York,
Vienna, Venice and Johannesburg. Among Kuei-jin, the
wu's members are considered past masters of all things
Occidental. The information they have gathered on
Westerners (particularly Kin-jin) fills volumes in the
great underground library of Chongqing.

In the last decade, the Metal Dragon Talon has
discovered a new tool for gathering information on the
West: the Internet. While China monitors and censors
Internet feeds into the country, the wu's members are
nothing if not resourceful. Their uncensored Internet
feeds bring them news, financial data and telltale hints of
the movements and plans of the Kindred. The Metal
Dragon Talon most commonly resides in Chongqing, but
the Bone Ancestor deploys it to sites of possible Kin-jin/
Kuei-jin conflict. The wu has recently been in San Fran-
cisco and Hong Kong but is now most active in Los
Angeles.

The Talons' mimicry skills are reaching impressive
heights. One member of the wu once successfully imper-
sonated Robert Pedder during an encounter with the
Kindred's own childe. This came only after extensive
study of the Kindred prince, however. Nevertheless, the
wu's members have used their disguise skills against the
Westerners more times than any Kin-jin realizes.

The Ejout Sacrep Steps:
Tue Qurstonasie Wu
Not all famous wu remain so. It happens that mystery

or bad joss can darken awu's place in history. The standard
example of this phenomenon is the Eight Sacred Steps

44

wu, responsible for the vast majority of artifacts recovered
from the area near Meru that are now housed in the great
library of Chongqing.

While not composed entirely of Bone Flowers, the
Eight Sacred Steps wu only had one follower of another
Dharma, the Devil-Tiger Chun Quan. The Sacred Steps
took their Second Breaths in the city of Chongqing and
were taught the values of the Bone Court. They learned
that the return to the mythological city of Meru was the
highest achievement the Kuei-jin could strive for. The
four Bone Flowers were intent on discovering the truth
behind the tales they had heard of those lands in Tibet
where Meru once stood. Chun Quan was not particularly
enthusiastic on the subject, but was not willful enough to
defy the guanxi he shared with the other four members of
his wu.

The five launched their expedition in the spring
nearly 400 years ago. The Bone Ancestor waited a year
before announcing that it was unlikely that they would be
returning in any timely fashion. Three years later they
returned, considerably more enlightened than when they
left, bearing jade talismans, scrolls and other evidence of
Meru. They were pronounced the high masters of the
mountain.

Secretly, however, Chun Quan requested a meeting
with the Bone Ancestor. He begged to be released from
his guanxi with the four Bone Flowers. He could not be
persuaded to explain why, although the Bone Ancestor
was able to ascertain that neither he nor they had entered
into any sort of pact with the Yama Kings. The Bone
Ancestor wouldn't hear of it. She felt very strongly that
the wu was the family of the Kuei-jin, and the second
tenet of the Shadow Song Path demands that the family
be preserved against those who would violate it. Chun
Quan was told that he would have to work through
whatever problem was affecting his relationship with the
rest of his wu.

Nearly 40 years later, the Eight Sacred Steps made a
second expedition into the regions of Tibet. Its members
were again gone for over a year, though they returned
much more quickly than on their previous journey. Again
they brought back artifacts that painted a clear picture of
Meru, the great city of the Wan Xian. The four Bone
Flowers accepted the accolades of the court with the
appropriate cold-mindedness. Chun Quan, however,
seemed troubled. The Bone Ancestor requested a meeting
with the Devil-Tiger and again he requested that she
break his guanxi to the rest of his wu. Again she refused.

The Eight Sacred Steps did not make another journey
forseveral hundred years because the Bone Flowers wanted
to translate the kaja on the artifacts they had brought
back. Chun Quan took this time to travel to the Blood
Court and humbly request that the Blood Ancestor undo
his guanxi. The Blood Ancestor was horrified and in-
sulted. Only Chun Quan's status as cultural hero kept him
from being branded akuma on the spot. Chun Quan
traveled the Middle Kingdom alone for several genera-

Bont Flowers

tions, but just over 20 years ago he was called back to the
Bone Court. Thinking that perhaps the Bone Ancestor
was at last willing to nullify his guanxi, Chun Quan
returned. He discovered that his wu had translated all of
the kaja and wanted to go back for more artifacts in order
to complete parts of the great mystery. Chun. Quan
trembled. His serene Bone Flower companions surrounded
him, and the five of them returned to Tibet. They were
gone six years, and only the Bone Flowers returned. They
were heavily burdened with carefully packaged tablets
and scrolls, jade artifacts and strange crystal bowls that
sang when touched. When asked about the whereabouts
of their companion, they explained with perfect cold-
mindedness that things were not as they were when last
they had gone into Tibet. The Chinese occupation had
complicated things. This was all the answer they gave.
In the privacy of her meeting room, the Bone Ances-
tor asked the Bone Flowers again what had happened to
Chun Quan. Again they obfuscated, but could not com-
pletely hide the truth from so skilled a riddle-master. By
triangulating on their words through their lies, the Bone
Ancestor was able to determine that the Devil-Tiger was
dead, that he had died in some deeply painful or dishon-
orable way, that he was dead at his fellow's hands and that
the culpability lay with them. She shared this information
with them, and she serenely explained that if they were to
persist in their obstinacy, they would be subjected to a
more insistent interrogation. That morning at dawn, the
four remaining members of the Eight Sacred Steps wu left
the library where the Bone Ancestor's offices were and
met the Eye of Heaven. The Bone Ancestor declared
them akuma the next evening. Whether they had truly
dealt with the Yama Kings or encountered some other

dark fate in Tibet is unknown to all save the ancestor
herself.

RELATJONS AND Views

The scholars and diplomats of the Kuei-jin world,
Bone Flowers know a great deal about the other inhabit-
ants of the night. They study other Dharmas and other
shen most avidly. Theoretically, they should learn and not
judge, but relationships are never quite so free of prejudice
and opinion. Bone Flowers know a great deal about others
but presume to know still more.

The following notes are from Zhai Jingshan, a mem-
ber of the Eternal Ice wu and a noted Bone Flower
diplomat.

Orner Songs: THe Drarmas

Were it not for the social expectations of Kuei-jin
culture, we would be much more insular than we are. Our
dedication to the Black Metal Egg grants usa distance and
detachment that other Dharmas neither share nor appre-
ciate, and left to our own devices, we Bone Flowers would
almost all follow the solitary path of da xue. Ancestors
take pains to make sure that we join wu to fight off these

5) 45

isolationist tendencies. Ideally, our disciples enter wu
that are imbalanced toward Yang to cool them down. We
acknowledge our role in Kuei-jin culture and present a
civil outward appearance as required of diplomats, but I
admit that our private opinions of the other Dharmas
remain somewhat critical.

The How. or THE Devii-Tig&R

The Devil-Tigers are as dedicated to preventing Cold
Mind as we are to achieving it. One would think that
serenity was a great violation of their path, so energeti-
cally do they run from it. The pain that we overlook and
ignore, they scrutinize, exacerbate and revere, not unlike
a child with a fascination for picking at scabs. The
satisfaction they achieve through the practice of their
Dharma remains a mystery to us. We've been to Yomi and
written whole books on the nature of the infernal; we
know how devils live, and why any Kuei-jin would want
to aspire to such unending annoyance remains a riddle
even we cannot understand.

This does not prevent us from appreciating the Devil-
Tigers, however. On the contrary, magicians frequently
use one hand to distract the audience from what they are
doing with the other. Devil-Tigers are precisely that,
distractions to draw hostile eyes from us as we fulfill our
obligations under tian. They make noise, frighten chil-
dren, set fires, cause pain and make splendid targets of
themselves. While they generate smoke and drama, we
are free to analyze the situation and slip in unnoticed. The
Devil-Tigers' high attrition rate is most regrettable but
hardly unexpected; infantrymen have always died in
greater numbers than more subtle operatives. While we
do not follow their lead, we do appreciate their approach.
It makes our work much easier.

Tae Wax or THe RESPLENDENT CRANE

We are diplomats. Ostensibly, we should be able to
find common ground with any other Dharma. Of all the
other paths, the Cranes make this the most difficult.

They want to save the world from itself; how noble,
how grand. How arrogant. Individuals can save them-
selves by achieving The Hundred Clouds, but the fate of
the individual is the individual's concern. Cranes need
not feel obligated to shoulder the burden of the entire
world's enlightenment. Attempting to do so makes them
look like martyrs, and stupid, pushy martyrs at that. The
wheel cannot be turned back, the Sixth Age will arrive,
and none of their incessant crusades will delay the coming
of the Demon Emperor by so much as an hour. By
convincing Kuei-jin otherwise, the Cranes distract others
from their Dharmic pursuits, the one thing that might
actually free individuals from the coming storm. Perhaps
what is most irritating about the Cranes' approach is that
they couch everything in terms of obligations, as though
they have the slightest comprehension of my obligations
under Heaven. At the same time, I will concede that they
sal are quite ingenious. By paying lip service to obligation |


46

and nobility and saving the world, they take responsibility
for situations and thereby pull others along after them.
We appreciate that sort of motivating and bonding element,
and we could almost like them, were they not so self-
righteous. Unfortunately, it has happened more than
once in the history of the Middle Kingdom that Cranes —
full of idealism and obligations but completely lacking in
strategy — have dragged Bone Flowers into their grand,
world-saving notions and over cliffs to their Final Death.
When these sorts of traumas occur, they only remind us of
previous altercations.

One of the most infamous of such incidents occurred
some centuries ago when a wu of Cranes arrived at the
library of Chongqing and asked the Bone Ancestor if she
would kindly destroy all known copies of certain "danger-
ous" manuscripts that were known to be kept there. When
she politely declined, the wu attempted to storm the
library and carry out its supposed obligations itself. Now
in Yomi, its members are free of their obligations under
Heaven and have an excellent vantage point from which
to watch the crowning of the Demon Emperor.

The Cranes are overly fond of any sentence that
begins, "You should not..." So full of judgment are they
that they cannot see that all knowledge is valuable. They
hear of the books that we keep in the library at Chongqing.
and they scowl and tell us that these texts should be
destroyed. Luckily, we know better. Heaven put scholars
in charge of learning and moralists in charge of societal
obligations for a reason.

The Patu oF a Thousanp Wispers

When a man's finger is diseased, he knows it, and he
can get assistance. When a man's mind is diseased, he does
not seek assistance. The Centipedes follow a path that we
do not fathom, and if we were prone to judgement, it is
likely that we would call it diseased. One night, the
Centipede is your friend and ally, the next night, he tries
to cut your head from your body, and on the third night,
he forgets your name and does not understand why you
bear him a grudge. It is not a sensible path to enlighten-
ment, and its adherents cannot be relied upon as com-
trades, allies or even tools. They claim that they are
gathering the wisdom of many lives, but if that were so,
would it not be just as wise to gather allies and other
resources from life to life as well? From our vantage point,
it appears that they put on masks and take masks off again
and claim that they have learned something by doing so.
It is as though they wish they were Yulan-jin.

While we can understand their quest for balance (as
most Bone Flowers prefer to keep their Hun and P'o in
balance so as not to be distracted by them), the Thousand
Whispers seem to mistake a constant swing from imbal-
ance to imbalance for serenity. The sensation of a moder-
ate temperature is not gained by alternately burning and
freezing yourself. Likewise, the experience of balance is
not gained by being imbalanced toward Yin one day and
Yang the next. While we sit on the edge of the Yin World

Bont Flowers

and frequently interact with the dead as our way of
understanding death, they feel the need to create new
personae and let them die over and over again. It appears
to us not unlike pounding one's head against a rock as a
way of comprehending the concept of solidity. It seems a
great deal of unnecessary effort and suffering for an unim-
pressive amount of enlightenment.

The only thing we share in common with the Centi-
pedes is our love of riddles. We are able to communicate
with the Whispers in more depth than with any other
Dharma, but they forget our words when they drop the
mask they wore when we spoke them. We share insights
with them, but we do not expect them to remember.
Beyond that, we keep them at a distance. They are too
unfocused and untrustworthy to claim as allies and too
undependable to use as tools. Trusting them once is naive.
Trusting them twice is foolish. Though we bear them no
malice, we'd prefer to interact with them as infrequently
as we can manage.

Tue Dance or THe Thrashjing Dragon

They take everything that we do not want, and they
are everything that we choose not to be; how can we not
love them? There are nights when it seems that all of the
Middle Kingdom was built on the dance between Dragon
and Shadow. They pull us from our reverie, and we
prevent them from dancing over the cliff. They are the
fever we cool, the rage we soothe and the passion we draw
out. We temper their folly, and they inspire us from our
natural lassitude, invisibility and silence.

We are learned enough to see the mutual need that
exists between our two Dharmas. Our intellectual pursuit
of the Black Metal Egg can easily distract us from more
pressing demands in the Middle Kingdom. The Thrashing
Dragons were placed under Heaven to make us apply our
learning in practical ways, just as we were placed under
Heaven to guide and educate their unrestrained action. In
accordance with the first tenet, they prevent our paralysis,
and we prevent their folly.

I cannot dispute that someone needs to get things
done, and the children of the Resplendent Phoenix Box
are well suited to that. They are the executors, the tools,
the body we shadow. They are reliable in their zeal, and we
respect that. Of all the other Dharmas, we are most
favorably disposed toward the Dragons. They are more
trustworthy than Centipedes, less self-righteous than
Cranes and less offensive than Devil-Tigers. Shadows and
Dragons are the two faces of one coin.

That said, it would disconcert most of us not a whit
were the arrogant penangallan of the Golden Courts to
vanish utterly. They do not acknowledge the value of our
scholarship, nor do they recognize the reciprocal roles we
play for one another. Their excess of Yang prevents their
wisdom from ever exceeding that of a 16-year old, and
they feel their passions so keenly that our wisdom cannot
worm its way into their heads. Perhaps the greatest imbal-
ance in the Middle Kingdom at this time is the lack of

, _ a7

Bone Flowers in the Golden Courts. It is a problem we are
addressing even now.

The Flame oF THe Rising PHoEnjx

It is hard to travel when you look only backward.
These sad Kuei-jin are so burdened by their desire to live
again that they are unable to use their status as agents of
Heaven to any effect. Their Second Breath is wasted
making amends to those they wronged, and once every-
one they slighted is dead, they look around and wonder
what the point of their existence is. They do not under-
stand that they are not alive, they are not dead, and their
role as Kuei-jin can be used for more than playing house
and atoning for the deeds of one's past. There are few
places as gratuitously morose as the Bijali Court. How can
Kuei-jin be so misguided?

Tht Tempest oF juwarp Focus

The dilettantes of the Middle Kingdom, they want to
study everything, but just enough to distract themselves,
never enough to actually gain any enlightenment from
what they study. Taking two steps forward and two steps
backward does not mean you have taken four steps. Any
journey taken in such a manner is doomed to failure.

We respect restraint, but not to the exclusion of
learning.

Tht Face or te Gops

Were it not for the sun, we should all fancy ourselves
gods. If every one of these fools were shown the Eye of
Heaven, their belief in their own divinity would cease to
lead other Kuei-jin astray.

Some Bone Flower ancestors have suggested that the
heresy of these pretenders is our responsibility. Their folly
illustrates what may happen when chih-mei are not found
and brought into the courts and instructed in proper
Dharmic study. If this heresy is our responsibility, we will
need to seek out the heretics and take whatever steps
necessary to disabuse them of their erroneous beliefs in
order to prevent the Wheel of Ages from spinning any
more quickly than it already is.

The Spjrjr oF THE Ljving Earri

Were they not so superstitious, they could be Bone
Flowers. Taking orders from every last bamboo shoot and
tiver stone is a tedious way to approach enlightenment.
Yes, the spirits have wisdom; yes, there are times when
they need to be thanked for their assistance, but that is
only a single leaf on the tree. Do the Cerulean Veils not
realize the grand joke the spirits are playing on them?
Were laspirit, I too would take advantage of the fool who
thought that I spoke the will of Heaven. We should be the
companions of the spirits, not their slaves. By focusing so
narrowly on one aspect of our existence, they miss our
larger role in the Middle Kingdom. A little education in
the real ways of the spirits would help these fools a great deal.

48
Oursjpers: THe Kin-jjn

We are not so quick as other Kuei-jin to dismiss (or
attack) the Kin-jin out of hand. While it is true that most
of these gweilo are boorish, unmannered, childish and self-
important, this is not the case with all of them. Some
among the outlanders are both learned and subtle. The
seventh tenet does not allow Bone Flowers the option of
knee-jerk judgement, and our diplomatic and infiltration
skills grant us greater access to the world of the Kin-jin
than other Kuei-jin. While we are careful not to make
ourselves targets of Kin-jin aggression, many of our en-
voys do have a few relatively civilized contacts in the
West. These few make splendid tools, if not allies, pro-
vided one can tolerate their games and lack of focus.

Bone Flowers know enough about the Kin-jin to
realize that all Westerners are not alike. Anyone reading
so much as a single chapter of the books written by the
Metal Dragon Talonwyu will realize this much. Those who
bother to read more comprehensively will learn a great
deal about Kin-jin. Western vampires appear to have the
equivalent of different Dharmas. For classification pur-
poses, we have identified seven of the Western Dharmas
and given to them irreverent names that nonetheless
capture their essence. As they become more familiar with
Kin-jin, the Bone Flowers analyze the Western vampires
more closely according to their predilections and abilities.
While itis clear that the Westerners have more "Dharmas"
to identify, the majority of Bone Flowers are familiar with
seven: The Way of the Insufferable Flesh Gardeners, The
Hundred-Mask Clowns (recently purged from India),
The Silent Tiger Brotherhood, The Rut of the Preten-
tious Geisha, The Shameful Path of the Ghost Bully, The
Inauspicious Order of Blood Devils and The Thousand
Charming Company Men. These are the seven groups the
Bone Flowers have had the most experience with in the
Middle Kingdom, and many of them can be identified by
their habits or the crude magics they wield.

Among THE Ten THousanp
Trjngs: OTHer SHEN

It is the obligation of those following the Song of the
Shadow Dharma to strengthen the ties between the
various factions of the Middle Kingdom. While this is not
always our most favored role, it is the one we take the most
seriously. To that end, all Bone Flowers receive extensive
training in etiquette. We learn the history of Kuei-jin
interaction with the various shen, along with the proper
forms of address for the many inhabitants of the shadows.
For many of us, this knowledge is academic, however.
While all Bone Flowers interact with ghosts, few are ever
called on to mediate between the Kuei-jin and Kitsune
or hsien.

Restiess Brotuers: Guosts
What don't we know about ghosts? There are Bone
Flowers who spend more time in the Yin World than in

a i Td

this one and have more pleasant relations with ghosts
than with other Kuei-jin. There are ways of thinking that
are more natural to those of us who are steeped in Yin.
Ghosts have been. our allies, our benefactors, our spies
and, on occasion, our enemies since the first Bone Flower
began her progress on the Shadow Path. Our Dharma tells
us to tend to the ghosts, and our natural inclination
toward the Black Metal Egg makes it a simple matter to
interact with the dead. And yet, although we thought we
understood ghosts, the chaos in the ghost world shows
that we have more to learn.

The storms in the Yin World have become much
worse in the last year, and great gusts have blown ghosts
through the Wall. We have been encountering more
hostile ghosts than ever before as well, those spirits who
want nothing more than to bring an end to everything. It
is most disconcerting. What's worse, most of the ghosts
aren't certain what happened. Perhaps as an indicator of
the approach of the Sixth Age, explosions, storms and war
have torn the underworld in the last year alone. The dead
of the Golden, Bijali and Green Courts have joined the
dead of Japan in their rebellion against the Yellow Springs.
Bone Flowers know far more about this than we care to,
since the ghosts are eternally asking us for favors to grant
the advantage to one side or another. If we owe the dead
favors, and we usually do, then we help them, otherwise
it is most auspicious to simply tend to our own affairs and
let the politics of the dead remain in the land of the dead.

Savace Beast Courts: Tit HENGEYoxaj

The beast folk are remarkable. They possess uncanny
martial ability combined with a deep sense of honor, both
of which they cloak in a myriad of forms. Kuei-jin have
fought both beside and against them for centuries, and
unfortunately, the Kuei-jin have comported themselves
without honor about as frequently as they have com-
ported themselves with it. If we Bone Flowers are success-
ful in our ambassadorial role, there will be more of the
former and less of the latter, but we are not all Kuei-jin.
The Devil-Tigers in particular have undermined our
reputation among the hengeyokai. It has happened time
after time that the Bone Flowers extend a hand in peace
only to have rabid Devil-Tigers fall prey to their P'o and
make us look like the most reprehensible of all creatures.
This is precisely the kind of damage we must prevent and
repair before the Sixth Age arrives, otherwise we must
hold the Middle Kingdom together by ourselves, and I do
not believe we are that enlightened. Unfortunately, some
of the beast folk continue to harbor grudges against
the Wan Xian, for whose dishonorable behavior we can
but apologize.

The Beast Courts comprise all manner of men who
turn into beasts and vice versa. We can mention the ones
we encounter most frequently or the ones we know from
legend, but there are almost certainly more that we don't
know about. Should you meet them, I give you this advice:
Maintain Cold Mind in the face of all adversity, and

The Many Quer Ways

comport yourself with honor. Learn what you can, and
take your knowledge to the library of Chongqing, where
you can share what you have learned with others.

The Hakken wolf-changers are both dangerous en-
emies and noble allies. It is unlikely that they will deal
with us at all, but if they do, be sure to treat them justly,
and perhaps we can heal the wounds that exist between us.

The Kumo Goblin Spiders are, for the most part,
pawns of the Yama Kings. Be wary of their lies, their
venom and their extensive webs. Many serve Emma-o in
Kakuri. Many more live in the Goblin Jungle along the
Scarlet Path (a place no Bone Flower should ever find
herself). Ignore them if you can, but if they appear hostile,
kill them as quickly as possible.

The Tengu raven-folk are curious about what we do.
If you have hesitations about talking with the raven
people, do so anyway. They will tell you more about the
Middle Kingdom and the events taking place therein
than you can get from any other source. Do not tell them
anything you would not want your worst enemy to
know, however.

The Khan tiger-men are extremely fast and ferocious
warriors, but also very playful creatures. Make sure you do
not wind up as their plaything. That would cut short your
progression to The Hundred Clouds quite effectively. If
you meet one, remember that they can destroy you with
little more than a few casual swipes of their enormous claws.

The Dragon Lords remind us of the necessity of Cold
Mind because without it we would be terrified like chil-
dren. Their grandeur is the stuff of legend. Do not deal
with them unless you have to. When you do, remember
even the finest points of your etiquette. They are wise
enough that they do not jump to hasty judgments, but I
suspect that the Kuei-jin and the Wan Xian before them
both gave the Zhong Lung more than enough reasons to
lookaskance at our kind. Giving them any more isill advised.

The Nezumi rat-changers are the most disturbing
among the hengeyokai, probably because they all seem a
little mad. It has happened on occasion that our mortal
families have been threatened by some of the rat-folk, and
the conflicts that arise in those situation are most regret-
table. We tend to have more to do with them than with
the rest of the beast-men, if only because of their great
numbers in the cities where we gather. It is not uncom-
mon for us to encounter them in the shunned places:
sewers, slums, cemeteries and the like. Unless you have
good reason for doing otherwise, it is best to ignore them.

The shark-folk, called the Same-Bito, do not like us.
It seems that the history of betrayal and malice between
Kuei-jin and Same-Bito extends back for centuries. Now
they will not listen to us. Even when we send in the best
Bone Flower diplomats to speak with them, odds favor a
violent outcome. If it proves necessary to travel over the
ocean, I recommend flying. Ships carrying our kind are
lost at sea with a disturbing regularity.


Certain scholars of House Bishamon have written
treatises on the Kitsune nine-tails, but there's little I can
say about them. They are arrogant, manipulative, clever
and lucky. Fortunately, they seem to ignore our kind when
they can. Unless you have a reason to insist on their
acknowledgement, it's better to allow them to ignore us.
On the other hand, certain among them are quite adept
at traveling beyond the Wall, and it's entirely possible
that an exchange of information could be most fortuitous.

Srone ann Ligunyng: THe Cxj'n Ta

There are those Lightning People with whom we can
interact civilly, and then, there are those Lighting People
with whom we cannot. The Akashic Brotherhood, the
Wu Lung dragon wizards and the Go Kamisori Gama
assassins all possess enough wisdom and self-control to at
least be reasoned with peacefully. Those Bone Flowers
who have studied with Kuro-sama may even have some
shared experience with the Go Kamisori Gama. Never-
theless, all chi'n ta are to be dealt with very carefully.
They broke the Wan Xian at the end of the Fourth Age,
and while they are no longer so powerful, they still possess
enlightenment enough to send more than a few of us back
to Yomi should they act in tandem. Avoid them when you
can, and respect their power otherwise.

Other Lightning People are more difficult yet. The
Wu-Keng are agents of the Yama Kings. They may appear
to be helpless old women, but many (if not all) of them are
simply bent on serving their demonic masters. Likewise,
the Toc Faan, who devour their enemies, and the Tay Hoi
Li, who pluck out their own eyes to gain wisdom, have
proven to be somewhat more difficult to interact with
diplomatically.

The most disturbing development with the chi'n tain
the last century is the rise of new groups of wizards who do
not understand the old alliances or the proper role of shen
in the Middle Kingdom. The Five Metal Dragons do not
acknowledge that the Kuei-jin have a role to play in the
drama of the Middle Kingdom and treat us as simple
predators or parasites. They do not have the insight of the
Shih. Instead, they rush to use their weapons and their
magics on us at the slightest provocation. The best strat-
egy around these Subtle Thunders is the practice of
impeccable stealth. If one of these rude new wizards seems
to be intent on making a kill, throw a Devil-Tiger at him;
that's what they're there for.

HonoraBLe Apversarjes: THe Sujit

One of our most important obligations under Heaven
is performing ambassadorial duties toward the Shih de-
mon hunters. There are no alliances between us, nor is
there bitterness. The interactions are all rigorously civil
and determined by centuries of tradition. The Shih wan-
der the Middle Kingdom looking for shen who act outside
their place under tian. Most of them, the older ones,
anyway, know that, should they be so inclined, they can
speak to Bone Flowers without fear of attack and address

Bone Fiowsrs

their concerns that way. This is as it should be. Simple
conversation has averted many a conflict between the
Shih and Kuei-jin. The hunter finds a Bone Flower,
informs her of the wrong he has been sent to rectify, and
the Bone Flower informs her wu and ancestors. More
often than not, the ancestors address the situation.
Through this old custom of diplomacy, we have prevented

the destruction of many of our fellow Kuei-jin at the
hands of the demon hunters.

Avertep Eves: The Hsjen

The hsien fear our kind too much to interact with us.
Kuei-jin have too long a history of preying on these tasty
little elementals and people-beasts for them to trust even
us. Though I have heard talk of Bone Flower wu who were
sent out to make amends to the hsien and carry out our
diplomatic mission, | do not remember hearing if any of
these missions met with success. Any Bone Flower who
encounters hsien in the course of her travels or studies
should think first of establishing some form of diplomatic
relations with them. Be wary, however. They're not
powerless, and they may have agendas of their own.

Our Lessers

Notall the Hungry Dead are full members of Kuei-jin
society. We all remember the savage moments after Yomi,
when we were cannibalistic chih-mei, and we have heard
of the half-damned dhampyrs Dragons sometimes sire. As
defenders of the pillar of the family and as scholars, it is
often our duty to tend to these lesser beings.

Porjsnen Rocks: Cryit-mEs

It is most gratifying to polish an ugly rock and find
that jade rests serenely beneath the surface. Chih-mei are
a savage, vile lot, but it happens on occasion that they
become civil and surprisingly enlightened members of
Kuei-jin society. One must behave toward them as par-
ents toward fractious children, letting them learn their
lessons at whatever pace they are able. Of all the Dharmic
paths, it is we who most frequently tend to the training of
the unenlightened. Perhaps it is the second tenet of the
path, instructing us to safeguard the family, that instills in
us the sense of obligation to do so, perhaps it is the sixth,
which tells us to share our knowledge. Regardless, we are
the gardeners of the young immortals. Should a chih-mei
require destruction, that, too, appears to have become
part of our role under tian; our cold-mindedness allows us
to perform that function with neither malice nor attach-
ment. And if achih-mei is used improperly, say, chained up
and made to guard a tomb instead of brought into the fold
through the First of ten Dawns, then it is our mandate to
free the wretch and punish those who would so endanger
the future of the Kuei-jin.

Roomiess Guosts: YuLaNn=jjn
Many Bone Flowers come across references to the
Yulan-jin early in their studies and find them intriguing,

for their exoticism if nothing else. On the surface, these
body-hopping Kuei-jin seem to be in an enviable posi-
tion. By their very nature, they cannot grow overly
attached to one body, one way of perceiving things, and
they tend to arrive at a knowledge of the Yomi Realms
that is remarkable. Looking closer, however, it becomes
clear that the uprooted ones are so obsessed with gaining
some small measure of stability by remaining in their old
bodies or adjusting to new ones that they are never able to
achieve any semblance of the serenity of Cold Mind.
They have no hope of achieving The Hundred Clouds,
and their entire existence is one of merely delaying the
inevitable final return to Yomi. If you encounter one, gift
it with a koan and move on. Trying to render further help
is pointless.

Tut Sweaty Man's Daucuters: Duampyrs

Itis difficult to say which tendency is the stronger: the
inclination to ignore these creatures as regrettable freaks
of unwholesome origins or empathize with their role as

a

intermediaries between the worlds of day and night. The
process that creates dhampyrs is utterly antithetical to
Bone Flowers. We are neither prone to the passions that
result in the birthing of these creatures, nor can we
participate in their creation without first departing from
our very natures and becoming imbalanced toward the
Yang principle. While it might be possible fora male Bone
Flower to become Yang imbalanced long enough to con-
ceive a dhampyr, no female Bone Flower could tolerate
nine months of Yang imbalance.

They are creatures of little consequence, by and large.
The one role they fulfill under Heaven is the one we must
delegate to them: ambassadors between the sun family
and the moon family. They are almost never gifted with
strong connections to the Yin World. They have no Cold
Mind to speak of, making them mediocre intermediaries
at best, nor do they have any particular connection with
ghosts. Neither helpful nor harmful, they are transparent
to us. Our paths rarely cross, and that is as it should be.

— Zhai Jingshan, Northern Frost of the Eternal Ice


FLOWER

me Flowers canbe ‘tricky aan
tithesis of the typical'adventur
into a confliet with guns‘blazing,
bluster or loudly intimidate their foes: The
Shady teaches and strives for levels of self-co
that are orders of magnitude greater. that an
Sm@st mortals are capable of
eH fhe key is to keep in-mind that Yinis the principle
that binds' these Kuei-jin together. Its psychological
and behavioral corollaty, cold-mindednéss, is the driv>
ing force behind most Bone Flower actions. Cold Mind ~
¢ can be "thought of:as:a combination of icy stoicism,
perfect self-control and flawless logic. Unless very.
young, Bone Flowers will never be overtly agitated or

\. order, and they dislike taking any course 6f action that
hasn't been, carefully thought through. ©
"When_playing a Shadow Song, observation and
study should beyour primary tactics. Study your friénds:
* ‘\Stady your enemies. Try,to step inside the heads of all
+ those you meet.Ask yourself why people act the way
they do, learn their motivations, and from there; pre-
dicttheir actions. Don't mica
it Gomes timésto acty practice the arts of
infiltrationvand stealth. Disciplines and Abilities can

emotional. They are thinkers and schemers of the first #

>.

ef help a herpes HoPeflrsceh A thesear are >
: Pte ae aie - Flower tc

Is, bi

think also ‘of social 4

nemy 4 wants, so

te ad of starting a war.
Win before fighting,"/as cestors say. :
Séduetion may not; {like anjapptoptiate ech A

nique for the-cold-mit one Flowers, but don't
‘Ould havea frosty sexual-

-Overlook it.:¥ our eharacte: 9

_ity about him, but Sains Po i temptation need not
be-physical, Instead of forcing ‘things upon Opponents,
coax things fiom them. Lure-your p preys. don't chase it.

SuggeEstep Trayrs

Bone Flowers can be (among other things) quiet
scholars, fearfulnecromancers, dogged exploters, skill-
ful,diplomats or deadly assassins»At some point along
their Dharmic path, most Shadow Songs will dabble
with all of these roles. Because of this, there are few
Attributes and Abilities that are noptiseful to members
of the Dharma. There are, however, some that are
especially-appropriate.

Almost all Bone Flowers should have at least two
dots in Dexterity*in order to properly execute.the Yin
Prana so.central to their outlook-\Jf you want your


ad

haracter to be an assassin or infiltrator, invest ineven

-more Dexterity. The choice' of other' Attributes de-

pends on your character concépt.Diplomats should
have high Charisma and Manipulation, While scholars
will need Intelligence.

The single most' central ‘Ability is the Enigmas
Knowledge. Koans and parables are the basic grammar
of Bone-Flower:communiéation. Characters with less
than 2 dots in‘that Knowledge will appéar soniéwhat
dim-witted in Dharmic circle
important, especially"

specialize in the' etiquette involved in' dealing with
ghosts, spirits/(recommended when dealing' With the
volatile Spirit Courts) or hengeyokai. At the
Storytellers discretion, yourmay also take Expert
ges in these-ateas.

ther common Bone Flower Abilities inelude Alert:

ness (one of the advantages of:Cold-Mind), Empathy

F anil: via Wace tools

Bone Flowers consider direct speech inelegant,
» tude and lacking in artistry. Direct statements are
garish and insult the listener's intelligence. Worse,
_ plain statements do not require thought from the
listener, insuring that only the very surface of the
~ words will be heard while the more profound mean-
‘ings will be lost. Therefore, the more subtly a Bone
_ Flower can say things, the better. Most wrap their
statements in at least a patina of riddle. If others
simply don't get it, that's their problem. Bone
_ Flower bodhisattvas are masters of riddles and are
known for saying the most shocking things phrased
so carefully that the full brunt of their words doesn't
~ hit until much later.

Storytellers should generally allow Bone Flower
characters to speak in riddles without requiring a
- roll, The true meaning of the statement will dawn
on the listener several minutes or scenes later. This
delay is set by the player, up to (Wits + Etiquette)
heehee Characters with a higher Bone Flower
‘Dharma or Endonetien the speaker's Dharma will
see through the riddle immediately. When a roll
becomes necessary, use a resisted Intelligence +
Enigmas roll. A tie goes in favor of the speaker.

A Word of Caution: Speaking in riddles can
be amusing, it can be enlightening, and it can be
excruciatingly annoying. Use this ability sparingly
and when it is dramatic, not to show that your
character is somehow superior. Be especially care-
ful when using riddles on other players' characters.
Vanity goes against Cold Mind, and (in extremis)
your Storyteller might just ju that your pride
constitutes an act of blindness... ae?

Bone Fiowers

(born from observation rathef than caring), Stealth,
Linguistics (a corollary to their diplomatic role), Oc-
cult and'Rituals (due to the heavy emphasis on schol-
arship). Your character need not start with these Abili-
ties, but they will become increasingly necessary as her
quest for enlightenment continues. Acquiring them
should be part of your character's evolution and'tfain-
ing. If you are using Secondary Abilities, then Instruc-
tién,-Research and various Expert Knowledges would

Etiquette:is'almostvas—also-be-appropriate. For more on Secondary Abilities,

iplomats. Some Bone see the Vampire Storytellers Companion.

Flowers may have speéialties.in etiquette to help them
-deal with other shen. Assume that your character may.

\ When playing a Bone Flower character, it may also
add to your gamié‘experience to keep a stockpile of
unspent experience points. If your character is called
upon to quickly research some*exotic dore or learn a
new skill for his next undercover assignment, he'll be
able to pick it up with a swiftness appropriate to one of
the great scholars of the Middle Kingdom.

Willpower is also very important to Bone Flowers,
even more so than other Kuei-jin. Yin ultimately ftels
the Cold\Mind, but resisting pain and suppressing
anger and desires will also require 'a strong mind.

Yin Prana is by:farsthe most popular Discipline
available to the Shadow Songs. Its element of self-
mastery, its use of Yin Chi and the sheet utility of its
techniques\ appeal to almost every Kuei-jin on this
Dharmic path.

Bone Shintai runs a distant second to Yin Prana.
While it utilizes Yin} its effects are mostly martial and
lack.subtléty. Most:Bone Flowers, with the exception
of those training in the arts of espionage and assassina-
tion, receive instruction in the' arts of Bone Shintai
only in the interest'of being "well roundeds"

Gertain other Disciplines that do not place' such a
heavy émphasis on the use of Yin Chi may also be
studied, provided»they. assist,.a. Bone*Flower in her
studies. For this reason, many Bone Flowers learn Beast
Shintai; the ability to gather intelligence through ani-
mal eyes:is worth learning for'those Bone Flowers who

__ trade-in espionage.

The exotic Discipline of Mibasham-is popular
among the more scholarly*Boné Flowers; particularly

with the Kuei-jin of the Infinite Thunders and Bone:

Courts. Its emphasis on subtlety. and_riddles meshes
flawlessly with their philosophies of gathering knowl-
edge and mastering the self. It is also. considered very

valuable for the rélatively easy access itgrants to theworlds

of spirits and ghosts.

Although Bone Flowers value all rrowisies there
are certain Disciplines they find distasteful because of
their complete lack of subtlety. Among all Disciplines,
Kiai is the most antithetical to the quiet contempla-
tion Bone Flowers sttive' for. It draws-urinecessary
attention, offends spirits and is utterly unsuitable for
most roles a Bone Flower is likely to find herself in.


Bones ano Snapows

Likewise, most Shadow Songs consider Ghost-Flame V'Shintai abilities to" allow for the impersonation ofa!

&

Shintai little nore than a flashy spectacle with conve-
nient side-effects.. Those truly dexorel to the Black

Metal Egg eschew its use.

See the Kindred of the East Cdosperii for details
on Beast Shintaiy-Kiai and Mibasham.

PossjsLe, CuaracteR Coulee

Bone Flower characters are not loud, aggressive

brawlers) They-~are thinkers. They "are Gisearbinela

patient. They are driven to'fill the emptiness inside
them with knowledge. These proclivities: pull them
toward certain' activities for which tt Dharma as a:

Bone! Flower' aracters y' thet sift
tive. They thinkbefore Me act and cee d synthe-
size better than they brawl or impress, This combina-
tion of talents.miakes thém excellent detectives. With
high levels of Mental Attributes, combined —. Enig-
mas and Investigation, Bone Flower detecti an be *
the center of a chronicle.

Assassin

The combination of Stéalth and. access to the,
déadly techniques of Bone Shintai makes Shadow Songs:
very effective killers: Marty of the Best, known Bone
Flowers have béen the infiltrators and assassins traines

by the ancestor Kuro-sama at Daisetsuzan on the Ja a

nese island of Hokkaido. If you to Paya rt
of Daisetsuzan; prepare.tolinvest all yout reg
into Dexterity, Stealth and d Magia Aarts."

It was not, by accident por the Bont Flo
mastered the technique of meshing Bone and.

‘ Following are the minimum Traits ses: to
graduate from (or survive) Kuro-sama's traini
Daisetsuzan. Thevampire will haveundergonethree
years of training and, so, may be more mature than
other characters. Nevertheless, she will have much
to learn about the rest of the Middle Kingdom.
These scores are minimums; many graduates (espe-
« cially jina) emerge from Daisetsuzan with much
~ higher ratings. © i Be

fe Ap beaDouty g gece Stamina, Wi

Abilities: ‘Alpines ee, Dodge #9, Eaionee
ee, Etiquette ¢*, Martial Arts ¢**, Melee (or

Firearms) ¢¢¢, Rituals *, Stealth ¢¢¢, Survival ¢
Disciplines: Bone Shinai .
Beeberoundes 8 mits 3 (Harm ry with Nigh 4
see p. 62) My Lae dae |

another. Thisicoveted practice allows the Bone Flowers to
infiltfate their'enemies'and constime them' from) th
inside out: It has been particularly useful in deali
with the Kin-jin, who become:too complacent inithi

belief thattheir-Kuei-jin enemies always have Asi oS

featurés. Borie Flowers who opt for this charactef con:
cept will want to back it up with Linguistics. (in, or
to speak the language of the infiltrated), ‘Stealth (
avoid beingcaught while returning with information).
Performance (to mimic the vocal patterns‘of enemies),
Etiquette (for knowledge of the enemy *sS0cial mores):
ie Subterfuge' (spies regularly need'to be, able.to lie:
effectively and well).

Aswassapon on
2. The patiefice tented them by, their ane:
mindedness, combined with their. ‘linguistic aptitude
‘and their fondness for etiquette, make Bone Flowers
the traditional. ambassadors \to other Dharmas and
other'shen. Again; Bone Flower ambassadors can be at
thécenter of entife chronicles,, especially ifthe charac-
eters aré trying'to preserve the peace, where others are
pushing. for war. Ambassadotial characters will need
high levels of Social Attributes," as well as-Emg
tis dershipy Li puistics and Performance (for

eTs_atyease, even when: you want to kill

protecting the pil-
andals. Some take

ie. Bone Flower ap-
ib ty yond Cad Mind.

has a nightly protector.

fami won't even Pi
"Praying Bone FLOWERS. jit Wo

"Afitst.glance, Bone' Flowers seem tomake a poor ;

fit fora wu. If you, focugionly' 6n their cold inaction

* during play, youpmay Well end up alienating other

_ players and spoiling everyone'sftin. Always remember
" that‘storytelling games are cooperative: A little social
tension between the characters can be fun, but if your
character only acts as if her wu-mates are unseemly
fools and best ighored, you're missing the point. Bone
Flowers, despite some reticence, value and respect the
wu, especially one that includes Kuei-jin of differing
Dharmas.

First and foremost, joining a wu is an obligation
under the second/tenet f the Song, of the Shadow.
Protecting the pillar of the family refers at least in part
to the wu, dirécting young Bone Flowers not only to

hy,"

annier ote Thrashing —
re Often than not, the


_eatespect that august institution, but to defend their own
wu with their honor‘and existences. Guanxi and the
associationsof a fushi spirit aré not impositions ona
Bone Flower, ‘they are the very expré8sions of the
sécond*tenet. : r
f The wu is not-only a duty, however. It has many
rewards. It provides ‘a Bone Flower disciple with her
first inti contactwith other outlooksand Dharmas.
If she cai ven understand the ways of the Thrash-
ying Dragon with which she sharesguanxi, how can she
éver hope to negoti owerful spirits of pure —W,
"Yang? In the early. ye ot her Second Breath, it is in

~ the wu that the Bone Flower will gather ‘ "the falling
leaves of knowledge.
The wi alo De vides motivation tdvact and ‘ex-
plore. Thee' 8) fothing™quite like a. Devil-Tiger wu-
mate to'

a Bone Flower dutof a dusty libraryand

: orld at large. The fifth tenet, tells Shadow
Songs to ink the paper of'knowledge with their ow:
experience,and quite of cogent aa ees of
"that experience. * z
_AG ~» Wi_that include only Bone Flow "(and Bone
Flower heimin) do ékist, and several are even cultural
heroes to the Dharma because of their near-perfect

ter (p. 41-44) are good examples of this. But-the

ancestors see these paths as appropriate for Bone Flow-

ers who have gained higher levels of enlightenment

(jina, at' least). Even then, ‘the consequences of the

Black Wave wu's actions in the Flesh"Court-and.the
._ destruction of the Eight Sacred Steps wu caution against
the dangers of Single-mindedness. The latter also points
~ tothe value of awu-mate fromanother Dharma and the
danger of ignoring his opinions. we

_ A: Bone Flower''s direction determines toa large
the vampire follows her Dhariiia..The
Dharma itself. is biased toward the west, hence:thé

"strength of the Shadow Séngs in the Bone Court and
the uncustomary enthusiasm.they've shown in theit

bors a sparkeof Yang-and vice versa. :

The North: There is nothiig's6 cold in all the
Middle Kingdom as the Cold Mind. Of Bone Flowers of
the north direction. Situated a$ they ate at the
confluence of a reserved Dharma anda cold direction,

the north-oriented Bone Flower possess the personality

equivalent of absolute zero. Their way has no place for
emotion. Their penetrating scrutiny cannot be eluded,
avoided or turned aside, and-emotional pleas are to
them nothing ‘more' than teardrops on a frozen' lake,
They knowtoo well that the inelegant heat of emotion,
even in the slightestdegree, distorts judgment. While
they tolerate erfiotions in‘those' around them, they
cannot abide. emotion in themselves. Under no‘ cir-
cumstances are their judgments subject' to change

‘the

cold-tindedness. Thenotable wu in the previous chap?

westward expansions into India. But Yin always har-,

Bone Fiowers

through bribes, threats, pleas or supplication. Once the
facts become clear, their decision is immutabley one of
the few constants in the Middle Kingdom.

The West: The west-oriented members of this
west-most Dhatma are-the great sorcerers, necroman>
cers and. spirit-tenders of the Middle Kingdom. All
Bone Flowers share a connection to the spirit*worlds
nd a certain love of occult knowledge, but these Bone
Flowéts'are-exttemists, dedicating their existence to
the: understanding of sorcery and the Yin and Yang
Worlds. They master first those Disciplines that allow

‘to converse with or-enter into the spirit worlds
(Mibasham is perhaps the most favored of these, due to
its sheer esotericism). Many of them may enter and
remain in the spitit worlds for extended periods, learn-
ing the ways and the lore of ghosts and spirits. Almost
all of those Kuei-jin who make exploratory journeysinto
Yomiare Bone Flowers of the west direction.

TheCenter: Of all the directions, the center is
pethaps the:most ostracized within Shadow Song tul-
ture, Their,embrace of the center pressures them into
maintaininga balance of Yin and Yang Chi. Their
pursuit of Cold Mind*is forever hampered by their
inability tovfall into the cold arms of Yin, imbalance,
and they remain somewhat suspect to theirown kind.
There are other-intetpretations of the center..Some
Bone Flowers instructed to follow the center path
willfully insist that their pursuit of balance Will only be
the balance between Hun and P'o (something most
Bone Flowers do asa matter of course in their pursuit of
Cold Mind). Regardless of theitapproach to balance,
they. arethe caretakers of new Kuei-jin. Bone, Flowers
of the center are thé most aggressive guardiansiof chih-
mei, taking it as their sacred duty to protect and instruct
the newly risen.

The Eastz Bone Flowers of the east direction have
the good fortune to perform a task that is most in line
with the tenets. of their Dharma. The-second tenet of
the-Song of the Shadow charges Bone-Flowers with
guarding the family, and the obligations\of the east
direction revolye around tending to the mortal herd.
For the Kuei-jin-aspectéd toward the east; the Second
Breath can seem like an endless guardianship over
descendants. Younger. Kuei-jin® occasionally refer to
themas "babysitters." Regardless, Bone Flowers are less
likely than most other Kuei-jin to. want to return to
their oldlivespmaking them. particularly well suited to
their east-oriented obligations under Heaven. Tending
the mortal, herd; conveniently enough; can also be
precisely the counterpoint needed to keep a Bone
Flower balanced between thé world-of theliving and
the world of the dead, thereby helping her to followthe
first tenet of her Dharma:

The South: It was.a Bone Flower of the south
direction who first »réalized that the,.tenets-of~her
Dharma could be followed in the virtual realms as well
as the physical, and she begangaccumulating knowl-


edge via the Internet. The eldets of her court were ©
shocked but fot entirely displeased. The urge toward a a est to"kmow the ways of Yin moré completely.
» quest, change > anid rebellioh mixes strangely with the They are the obsessed hecromanéers and | ch'ing shih o
& Bone Fléwertenetsand values. Many southerly Shadow  the'Dharma. If you''choosé this path, your charaeti
") Songs rebel" against the icily contemplative ways of . will: struggle with the' temptation' to: break far
their fellow: Boi lowers-and become assassins and _ barriers tootain still more knowledge..He may
"scholars of ‘war: Others cast aside~the. knowledge of- invite ‘attention from thé Yama Kings.
: fered them by:the ancestors and seek their own ways of. my

understariding Yin. After the great weakening of the New Trajts
Kin-jin in Indiay-it-was-Bone Flowers of the south 4

direction that joined the Devil- -Tigets who pouredintoim the Sonor. new traits highlight the procl

the country liké.a new Mongol hoard to wipe out any.. of Bone Flowérs. Some are new powers and ites rae ys
i tify Kuei-jin oldings. _ have developed'as part of their studies, others are less:

specific. traits:that are'simply useful when. pot ying
TS OF THE * oe Dharma; Storytellers should bécareful when using

se new-traits, however ey re that' the not
unbalance the wu' te aa
ae

i , Bone lowers 35 ee Second for the charac
Breath. because he have a eee debt. They have \, , os
acted in a way that forces them turn from Hell to Merits AND: pia a
~~ either complete what they ha crfd. or make good" 4 if 48 ie
\\ what they have'done wrong. Spend some timethinking * Frees Conai 4
‘\\about just what this might be and how it brdlight your or wee di - reserves of "hve —" ‘you just ©
charatter to the Song of the Shadow.,This willbe the don't knowabout; perhaps you ave pave? a4
heart of your Prelude oe bé the keystone ofall tion to orld of the livin sr sien
future character develop: Following are some ‘es, _Whate on pe aorta being
"pecially appropriate karmic themes you can use. ae ver develop-
° - Family Matters: Bone Flowers,who become ie shih. Even.
> guardians of their mortal family snog ae hav. a :
karmic debt toward them. The extent'o
vary from the case of an abusi;
victim, to a greedy daughtét who si
ys ay, to a fully "modern". rieaifihs s ffed

t for ancestors. Alternatively, your ee
{ "ty e already been a protector, but i

or other alg abd Now back fro} ss)

se sweaty mortals let their passions-govérn th m hough itis on H
and acted without thinking. It may velar = al the chih- ing Chiron flesh
» themkilled. Now, returned from Yomi, they try to take" preferable to calgneefromp or breath Inthe one- |

the path, of the Cold Mind tovright their karmic bal- ‘Poeixarant of this Fla yousimply find flestt easier

* 4% "« i 4
* ance. These can be‘very interesting characters because °° digest and j pant ron} asmuch Chifrom-blood N

they could be on the wrong path; perhapsthey shouldbe" 0" breath as other ‘ei. in. itee-point version, hiaey
Except perhaps x

z iad é flesh is the only.w'
Thrashing Dragons or even Devil-Tigets..2., % Ye os HCE
Thwarted Scholars: The drive ofascholarrarely © '™ NaS Greest Rena Bre Suet Tin WA Hkely feoyrn

«@utns 25 hot ds.a lover's bibslon; but ieea bee Tog upon this form of feeding and takeiit'as 4 sign-of lack of
5

‘who haye Aedicated theiréntire lives to understanding basin ice Those ts 5 Wa = or Shinto back-
one "aspeet_of teality only to dié before they have Eran bp o dict en Y my fF - ‘
ochiglete d their stud may wellfight their way One ot You will,also find it very difficult to feed froma

_"omi'to tomplete théix.work. The Second Breath human without killing him, and disposing of aflesh-stripped
Aa ctly pepe, up huge new padsiMiliciess bewever, body,can beiquite difficult indeedé hih and other
ut ‘ dy dubonce seeme donly nting is ihe endless. demon hunters are likely to. come after you sooner or latets

derstanding-at Any. Price: For those, whor "Ging Sun (3 PT.' °Fiaw)
wish to yundérstand déath, the Se€orid Breath can seem Ch'ing shihate Kuei-jin who are Strongly imbalanced

9 reward pe Flowers Nerd wefighte Quiet toward, Yin, for long periods of time and, therefore,


begin. to grow mote corpselike. Ultimately, this results
inan Appearance of zero.and"all the difficulties associ-
ated with, sthat state.Bone Flowers work with' dark
energies 86 often-that it's especially ea8y to become
imbalaticed toward Yin. Being ch' ing shih can be a great
disability in some courts, most hotably the Golden and
Bijali Courts, where the ch' ing shih's corpselike visage is
a reminder to those who like topretend:they are aliye
that they ate deceiving themsélves.

y Many older,Shadow ‘Songs, s eventually wind upyas
ch'ing shih: The mitigating faetor, however, isthat this.
state often indicates‘a' Ku of great age orenlight-
enment, and whilé this doesn't make him amy more
popular, his words still have an impact (particularly in
the Greenan@/Bone Courts, where soemany' of ithe
Kuei-jin aré ching shih that it's hardly an issue). The
process6f becoming ch'ing shih is neither fast nor
irreversible. Once Appearance reaches zeto, however,
only bodhisattvas knowingithe art of Equilibrium can
tepair the dainage (see Kindred/of the East Compan-
ion, p.°63): There is a ritual that grants a ch'ing shihan
idealized semblance of her former self (see p. 62). For
more details on thelstate of ch'ing shih, see Kindred of
the East, p. 140.

Lyyreo Yang (4-pr. Flaw)

Through disuse or inherent disability, you cannot
store more than three points of Yang Chi. You: may
raise your permanent Yang trait, but the cost in expe*
rience points is current rating x 4 (instéadwofx 2 or 3 as
normal). If you try to store more than three points of
temporary Yang Chi, it_simply bleeds off into the

~ nearest dragon track,.In all probability, this will even-
tually, causeyou to develop a-permanent, Yin imbal>
ance.

Ljre-Bynp (5 er. naw)

____ Through some unhealthy surplus of Yin, beéauseof

~ acutse or after an especially acute act of blindness;you
do not have the Yang-based Lifesight ability common
to all other Kuei-jin (see Kindred.of the East, p. 89);

_ You cannot see the auras and'passions.of othersorthe
denizens of the Yang World This limitation makes it
impossible for you'to"progress beyond the first level of
Yang*Prana and may limit other. Disciplines at the
Storyteller's discretion. You may still heal wounds and
resist wave nature with Yang, however. Note that a
similar Ghost-Blind Flaw exists, but such blindness is
virtually unknown-among Bone Flowers. z

New Djscppyne TecHnjQues

The temples, libraries and monasteries‘of the Song
of the Shadow have been placeé of refuge and solitude


*

» Bone Flowers pay a great deal of attention to ne
dead and their graves and take it very seriously if if their
gown graves are disturbed or destroyed. The : ific
- effects vary from case to case, but such a happening i is
‘decidedly inauspicious and very bad joss. The des-
ecrated grave may attract the attention of unhappy
familial ghosts or cause.a sort of curse of the Kuei-jin,
fy limiting her abilities until she can ree
; place. For more ideas, see Kindred of the East,
~ Bea fi aie ee "Bone Flower character to start
L play with a disturbed grave, one or more of the follow-
K ing Flaws are especially appropriate to represent the
consequences: Cursed, Defiled, Different Body,
Haunted, Hunted (by the! desecrator), Life-Blind,
Limited: Yang, Ni ightmare
Vengeful ‘Ancestor.

t
by
+
F

ear oY

for hundreds of Bone Flowers. These pla ces havegranted
the Kuei-4in the.time and resources to ei their philo-
sophical calling: This has led to many B lowers
discoyéring new (or.variant) technique: + aE the ©
; known Disciplines. While these ‘particular practices
are relatively rare, any Bone Flower may have learned

thém. It is unlikely that any other Kuei-jin have stud2e™

iéd ‘the principles‘and requisite Disciplines inenough®,
depth to*haye learned thesé Pagegulas eepligations,

K
> (Fics Supra; Lever Taree)
Yielding i is the essenée of the Yingpringip

Learns New Tecunjques oe

To learn these new techniques, a character must

_already have the appropriate Discipline or Discipline
_at the necessary level. He then must study with a sifu

is at the Storyteller's discretion, buta number of hours
~ of practice and study equal tofive times the experience ~
to be spent is a good rule of thumb, The player then
_ spends experience as if the charactér was Seep
i poere ropriate Discipline level for the first time.
Epon ‘start play with variant t ju

¢

‘ gee esti Kazuo wishes to learn Taking the Face oh see

below) which requires Bone Shintai © ® © and Flesh Shintai
*. He already has those Disciplines at those levels, so he
seeks out a sensei to teach him. a. total xperience cost

will be 16 cost of learni
have as for around 80 hi

oo ae

AMD wets of thé Yih ee prefer to‘win befgre (i.e.
without) fighting, eschewing combat more often than
not"Heweyer, a Bon@Flower under attack can defend.
herself by, completély yielding t6 thé: forces assailing
her. Whereishexis struck, her fhesh aiyeaway without

. *soale faggravated damage. Activating this') power is a

PEE dice pool)j!

sacking limb or weap.
a you ey one' Teve

_ who knows the desired technique. The period of study <

\ ever, allows the

* close friends and-fami

59

"being damaged. Weapons, puriéhes, bullets Gnd alice

other mhysiaipasrscks: make contact, but the body of

beneath the attack and takés no damage' Flesh part
allow the attack to pass through without infli

damage andi then,, closes up instantly. cee

automatic succeurer nvlicil ete bashin;
damage. Players may'also toll (Flesh: Shintai) dice ti

reflexive action and costs one Yin. Gentle Yielding will
not mitigate the\ effects of explosions \or vonage
(e, 8 fire, lightning, ae) attacks. <e:

 Taxnig Wiarys Given.

> (Flesh Saptay ivf Foon)
~ Boné Flowers who have' achi a true under- "
standing of the yielding way ize that an opponent
who has unbalanced-himself t i has left himself.
vulnerable to counterattack, Th n€ Flower yields

* before the attagk but before herattatker can take back
"his foot, fist orweapon, the Bone'Flower's flesh. hardens
and clampdown around the | limb or Weapontin. jues-

tion, tray ipin the process. ~~
fs nds two Yin Chi and gains
all t ee (above). He then

iccess ttaps the at-
‘beyond the
d damage as flesh
ter the blade:.This
defensive. action:

‘dione does not by itself give the Sha ha a enough
contol over her visagé to, mimic‘others. Combining it
with the skit shaping, abilities ofFlesh Shintai;"how-
Bone Flower toalterhet face and vocal
chords with enough' cision: that she can fool even
members of the target.
System: The player spends two Yiniand one Yang
Chi and rolls Dexterity + Performance. Each success
allows the Bone/Flower to mimic the face.and voice of
an individualshe has met receftly for one scenet The
basic difficulty is 6 and assumes' thesKuei-jin has per-
sonally encountered the target and‘ tat least a half-
hour observing ‘him*Storytellers may adjust the diffi#
culty..to reflect minima] or extensive study of the
subject' In addition to.duration, thé number of suc-
cesses indicates the perfection-of the mimicty. One
syi¢cess will fool castial acquaintancés, while four suc-


60

cesses will fool a lover or child.

Spyper's Biessing
(Prana Lever TWo)

A Variant of the Yin Mantle, Spider's Blessing
allows the vampire to create thin black tethers of Yin
that snake their way up to the ceiling of any. room and
anchor..there, pulling the vampire up;.where they
secure him tothe ceiling-Even without using Shrouded
Moon to further.enhance invisibility, the vampiteisiat
+2 difficulty to be noticed Provided no sunlight actu-
ally touches the vairipire, she can*even témain an-
chored to the ceiling while she sleeps, passing the day
there.

System: The player spends one point 6f Yin to
evoke theYin Mantlevand create the strands that
anchor/the character to the®ceilingelf the vampire
cho6se$ to sleep there during the day, another point of
Yin must be spent to maintaimthe threads. The strands
resist-any mundane.efforts.toisever-them by..simply
flowing around the cutting implement and ignore
concussive force altogether. Yang-powered weapons
can cut the strands "(including spirits' natural attacks,
hengeyokai fetishes or claws and wooden objeéts
charged using Yang-Prana); the strands have a singlé

Bone Fiowers
Fe

Tue Newcomers' Prana

The Bone Flowers of the Green Courts have
recently taken in some highly knowledgeable necro-
mancers from the West. These refugee vampires are
most bizarre, neither quite Kin-jin nor Kuei-jin. Al-
though these creatures number fewer than 30, they are
unquestionably knowledgeable in the lore of death
and the Yin World. The Green Courts' powerful Bone
Flower contingent was instrumental in engineering
the acceptance of these odd vampires. In exchange,

"these scholars of death have been teaching a potent

variant of Yin Prana to the Bone Flowers.
The Bitter Yin Caress, Bitter Yin Cloud and

Dance of Shiva techniques derive from the teachings
_of these foreign death scholars. These variants are

known only to Bone Flowers and predominantly only
to the Bone Flowers of the Green Courts. While the
Middle Kingdom boasts no such thing as a safe secret,
the Shadow Songs are careful to share these new Yin
Prana techniques only with a rare and enlightened
few. Learning these techniques (or even learning of
them) could make for an excellent long-term subplot
for a Bone Flower character. Learning any of these
techniques costs double normal experience, with a
commensurate increase in study time.


sunlight automatically dispeises the strands.

oa

/* Brrr Yu, Canses

(Yin PranuLevet, Four)

ee By. channeling: the most ‘destructive forces of the
Yin World, the: Bone Flowet.causes substances to age

; and decay .atia a greatly -attelérated rate. Metal rusts.
Wood anid: other or organic materials decay. Even glass
will crumble afteronly a few turns: The Bone Flower

must touch the Object'to be ‘Affected, atid evetyone int

her vicinity willfeel & notable chill rolling off of her.

Syst gt play spends one point vof Yin Chi

and rolls] Occult against the difficulty of

a. ‘the local Wall og sen a small connec ion to the Yin
j World: Objec ted. toy he Bitter, Yin Catess
" breal s some hh etween>
gne turn'and one né Ay ig yt eine ‘touched, depending

on the a the type of object. and its commldeity.»

2 Mote complex 6bjects break mote Tapidly. A,
‘\ computer stopsfunctioning ‘after a shigle turn, but it
\\ takes several hours to completely corrode all. thie plas-*
tic, glass and metal that it's composed of.Living crea-
tures touched by the Bitter Yin Caress feohen sgeniige

Biren ¥yn Coup (Ye Prana' Lever Five)
— The-Shadow Song makes a complexwseries of hand ©

: gestures and produces a cloud of destructive' in ene!
capable of inflicting damage on living, unlivin

ghostly opponents..The touch" 6f the

tertible chilling pain anid causes the eae

‘ composing. The Bone Flower must in 10
St Victim and. must reach her hand, out towatd him.
tem: The player spends three point

rolls Dextetity + Occult versus the difficult
/Wall. The Victim suffers one Health Le
Se

ted damage. per sucgess, In all'other
DANCE or Suva (mn Prana Lever

jower functions like Bitter Yin Caress. -

Shiva the Destroyer. The BoneFlower goes through an
intensely eomplicatéd-series of mudras to bring the
most destructive fordes of the Yin World through the'
Wail. The black Yin of destruction pours' from the _
Kuei-jin's fingertipsymouth, eyes, nose and ears. As the
\, Vampire continues her dance, black waves officy Yin
‘tipple: outward from her t6'consume everything in her
"Vicinity. This one of the most destructive pawers known.
Sto. ‘the Shadow SoagDharina.

om System: ‘At the b ning of the first: turn, the

K

"vampire begins-dancing-andthe player spends three

_ Points of Yin Chi. She rolls DeXterity + Performance

agai ie" difficulty 6 Of the local Wall, The effect lasts

two tu 1 each, sutcess,and the player must spend
ana

int 6EYin Chi at the beginning of each
ce \

_fange of scholars, philds

am Intelligence + B gf

This dance is rumored to be eety.¥ on the dancers:

héalth level_and (Yim Prana) dice fo soak. Direct © turn. The Dance of Shiva'is very like Bitter YitvCaress)))

itter YityCloud except thatit destroys everything

wich five feet' of the. vampiré-the turn' after' |
vampire starts.dancing; afd the effects 5 cpands t
another fiye feet every turn she cOntinies to

Obviously,, then,, the "Bone Flower must begi
dance ‘one turn before she wants'to staft seeii
results. Any disruption ofithe dance re
and the Yin Chit nice 0

wiisa Gate; ‘icing, staan take
"Ghiversal prinfiphe." " Ostensibly, theli below are teach:
ing-exetcises (which illustrate the properties.of Yin).
rather than ends i vin thethselves, but as er aaa
cises go, they are' Mo.

ee The Song of the Shé low DI

other Dharma places : such: emphasis on gat
and truly understanding — knowledge of of all soi
» four of the eight ténets of the Dharma‘y ‘pertain to the
accumulation, agg and understanding.

"Ye is no sutpt aes a y

more-than.ot

Ey

iv other Dharmas,
ng able to.suc- ©

x

fe transmi

-aécom-
See marks-

d

rice oflearning rites has always been prob-
they provide serious in-game benefits for
jan vbetied price. Storytellers who wish to put an
_ experience point cost on rites are within their rights
«to do so. One experience point for each level of the
is a> jumb, provided that the process
the actual knowledge of the rite

itself is reflected in-game. Storytellers who waive

_ study times and the need to seek out texts and tutors

© may wish‘to increase the Cost of rites to two or three

¥ - times the level the rite, ®


of Yin that they cannot be heard, seen or

2 ‘sensed. This tite makés the Béne Flower the stealthiest
of the stealthy, Allowing-her to walk through ‘snow
without leaving footprints or run through dead leaves
without‘making a sound. :

~~ System: The Kuei-jin meditates for 20 minutes to
bring her mind and.body, in line with the principle-of
Yin, The playerthengolls her Yin rating: For the restof.
théscene, shéteceives-automatic successes On. all

w Stealth rolls equal to thenumber of successes Baheds on:
the Yin rolleThis cor a8 the effect of m:
the vampire impossible to sense unless she does some-.
thing extremely obvious;-tike Kill in front ofan audi-
ence or yell in someone's ear at the.top'of her lungs.

f

The Bick $ ‘Sneen Povcrt
(Levew: Taree Rite) >

: regrettable, it is necessary on occasion to
intro an indiyidual.to' thespayer of Yin in a most'
direct and literal fashion. When properly, performe
this rite infuses the target's sensory organs with Yin,
© rendering him utterly senseless: He cannot see, hear,
~ smell, taste or even*feel. Gifts ‘and Disciplines cannot
be-used to see beyond this negation. Some Bone Flow-

ers have been known:to use this rite on themselves tow

understand the naturé of Yin‘more fully.

System: The Kuei-jin obtainsia piece of black jade
and carvesthe target's name on it.Triggering theeéffect
requires the jade to be dropped into_a pouch:of thick
black silk containing black volcanic sand*and-a dried

_. cuttlefish (to symbolize the depths of the ocean). The
player rolls Intelligence™+, Rituals. The effects of this
ritélast for‘one scene per-success if done within line of
sight of the target‘and one turn per'success-otherwise:

Individuals whose Perception rating fstwo or more dots,

x igher than the caster's Rituals rating are unaffected ™
: the caster's intent. ~*

This rite edlows a ch'ing shilto put aside her Yin!

serene and.perfected version of her own, face: When
attending highly formal fal ‘events, all ch'ing shih
who know this rite use it) Few. dipseesebenniias as
an assemblyf Flawlessly Masked Kwei#jin. Some in the
Quincunx hint that such aggregates are bad joss, but,
the ch'ingshih wield'such power in the Quincunx (and,
decidedly more in the. Green Courts), that allowing
such rumors to reach their shrunkeh black ears would
be exceedingly inauspicious. ~

System: First, the ch'ing shih feeds until' she is full
‘of Chi. She then lééates a dragon line that is powerful
with Yang'Chi.and-infuses herself with.enough of the
Scarlet. Queen's#tears. to-counteract, her corpse-like
appearance. The player rolls Perception + Rituals/For
each success, the ch'ing shih gains a night'of the per-

‘SF

» induced hideousness fora whilej-wearing instead a.

fected visage The visage, of the Kuei-jin becomes an
idealized; though exceedingly pale, version of the face
she woré when alive. No'blemishes, flaws, asymmetry
and-wrinkles mar the Flawless Mask, and the ch'ing shih
has, forthe duration of the effect, a face that looks very
much like white jade. Any Kuei-jin well-versed in the
ways of Yin (with four or more dots of Yin Prana or
Bone Shintai or knowing the li) recognizes the effects
of therite.-Treat,the ch'ing shih as though she had 4

"Appearance for the duration of the efféct. This rite may

only be Betfotmed baa per Jimas cies (essentially,
once'a month)

Gracous Acceprance OF THE

Mosr Revere Lotus Brossom
(Leves. Five Rye) <i)

Bone Flowers are most gracious. when given the
knowledge they seek and coldly. disappointed when
they areinots Should a Bone Flower require the re-

~ quested information ‘badly enough, however, she thay

resort to forcibly plucking it from the mind of one who
has that knowledge by performing this rite. Atthe end
ofthe rite, the Boné Flower will "remember" the knowl-
edge while itslips forever from the mind of; the one who
once knew it. :

System: The Kuei-jin must be in the same room.as
her target,-who must be conscious. If the target is
wandering about and isn't specially, prepared for the
rite, the difficulty of the roll is'8. If the arget is bound
in a supine position wi i cing, westy-the
difficulty is reduced to.6. The player rolls Perception +
Occult,and each'suecess makes pche transfer of} informa.
tion more complete:
1 Suecess A"spotty awareness of the: desired
knowledge
An understanding A is mostly
complete, although there may be
details missing
The'knowledge that was sought
The information plus:some'small
amount of additional, vaguely related
eee a7 TN,
5 Successes information and everything
remotely associated with it

The ritualist may take a specific piece of informa-
tion ("Where:have you'sént Li-Tsang, the Predator of
Shanghai?") or an actual area'of knowledge (Finance,
Occult, Science)-If the vampire steals-a' Knowledge,
she gains a dot in that Trait for every two successes up
to the upper limit of the-victim's ‘Knowledge. These
dots will fade away at the rate of one dot per week, but
the player may buy thosé-dots within that week with
experience points at half cost (i-e.lxeurrent rating).
This works only if the Victim has more dots-in-thé
Knowledge than the ritualist. Whertthe rite is over;
the victim looses.as many dots,on the Knowledge as,

‘2-Successes

3.Successes
4 Successes


were re stolen, though the target may leatn those things ©
again ata later time#!Neither Talents tor Skills may be
#

acquired in this{manner.~" ‘

Bone Flowers who use this.rite too often quicely
gain a reputation for laziness among others following
the Song' of the*Shadow. On the'other hand, Bone
Flowers have inade themselves invaluable in the inva>,
sion of North America® by mertouning this rite on
captured Kin-jin.

Te: juavsrjcjous Gave (Levee Rp)

) This tite not only allows the chatacter to enter.
Yomi, it her to decide which hell she visits. It.
grants li i

by the Y:

who practice

& hin

available (e.g. a sub-basement, pit or canyon), in-
scribes the entire rite 6n the en sacrifices three
Kuei-jin victims and invokes ¢ aine of the Yama
King whose hell she wishes to efiter. The p pends

one Yin and one Yang Chi and rolls ‘nce
Rituals against a. difficulty of, 9.:Even vonee success
indicates that the vomees petitioned is granting
access to her or his hell: For what purpose, however; gow
‘khown‘only to thegiema | King.

"KNOWLEDGE oF THE nicole

-
\. (jmporranr Texts)
‘The quest for owlegaaioneternly a

riety, drives Bone Flowers. |
und which. the ther tenéts of the Dharm;

§ TeVO e. Consequently, Bone gies
collection of knowledge in their assorte:

 vatest and most precious*(or dangerous) te:

be" in the subterranean library of Chongqing, well wa

ee thosenotyet enlightened png ube che

responsibly.

| Tur Boors oF GHiosts &
* Any learned necromancer¢an prepare one of these
unique a and-they:are so numerous in the library of
Ghongqing that the Bone Ancestor has had!an enory»
mous index of ghosts assembled to prevent confusion or
undue burden on any particular wraith: The necroman- *
\, cer simply calls on a ghost with whom shephas' an
t \\amiable relationship, ‘writes the history of the ghost oh
/ --the left page — including ancestors, dates of birth and
death, ste libisal significance of said datés, full hame,
Sactomplishments in life, descendants ‘and a list of
ted items from the ‘R 's life: Ifat all possible, a
smalksketch of the ghost done' bei necromancer is a
tition as wellOn the rightpage the necfoman-,

good
_cerpr sa highly legalistic agreement in which she
andthe Swear an oath of tien Bath parties
then sign "book. at the bottom of th tight page.

nce, + "ancient d:

of Knowledge to a:
the Heaven Scream Bo pk Provided a

ta n neéromancer and ghost and@ balance' of
accounts betweéh therm, The agreement doés not)¢
ate‘a,magical -bond*or compulsion, \it*is, rather,
agreement of equals. If either party ‘fails tochonopit a
wounded party can' ¢all it to the attention of specie
ministers in the Bone Court-Some wise necromant
* perform favors for the ghostsi in their books in
in order to have ancatray of boons owed the
bexéollected with ‘no strings attached at a Jat
‘System: Creating aGhost Book tequites a Manipu-
latio n + Occult roll against a difficalty of 8.. ThE
nitabee of sugcesses has no direct ‘game effect cbut
teflects'the quality of the tome. A botch will

tie i B Lees ' zs ‘
Perhaps the "of the

eschatd logical, the idden section ih
the library of n. Scream Book i is

* nearly a-millentiium old. ‘It is in two Ii languages, an F

"of Chinese iuderenteh ied ciphermn8 ey
able (and quite ugly) scrawl. The: es Pay
calligr: ey are written, are

bit ivid illustrations'
le wade ‘the text
well- detailed drawingsis —

ti ion'imovesand

‘understood, re- Z
ofthe past Ages

aa,

text vaultafterit r 0 id Reever

Xi same; wise"
ly/ask to see,
ave attained
ent, t the Bone Ancestor
Rat they, will bé able to r
maké'clear the i \f Da Emperor. Ney
Thankfully, theretis only ndwn copy of the) |
Hedven Scream'Book, and itis under heavy guard i in the
library of Chongqing.

*» System: When acharacter reads the Heaven Scream
Book and watches its accompaaying repulsive drama,
the player rolls het Dharma rating + Enigmas. Unlike
normal rolls, 1s, 2s and 3s all countagils,for the purpose
of botching. 'On abétch, the Storyteller is free to assign.
any penalty she chooses, including, but not limited to:
increasing the character's P'o, sending the character
into fire soul, ae an act of blindness or.reducing

e
Dh:

individuals of

arcertaimage and enli
allows. yen 46:00 0 i if.

the charieugs primary virtue"by ¢ ee Five or more
ve

ses on the roll indicate that the reader made her
way through the book-and knows a great deal: more
about the world than-she-knew befére, and probably
more thaty she carés to know (possibly including the
identityof the Demon Emperor). The player may make
/a Dharma roll at this point. The knowledge of the

Bes Demon Emperor's identity; however, is more of a bur-
! den than. a boon;»because every Yama.King in the
running wants to know how-that issue resolves, a point

that Could become' the focal poi for an nSoraeleriet icle.

4
| eyes, including ¢ copies of The Songs oh Helly Phe Red
Book of theJron Bridge-and The Broken-Winged Crane,
not all ofthe books in the library are, demonological
| texts: Om the contrary, the library holds ani extensive
"collection of nearly 400,000.books, was as, 2 codices,.
"of-which perhaps one tenth € percent have | any-
"thing to do with Hell-or the Y ma King: ¢ most
"complete and readable versions of all ee Major Kuei-
jin texts, includingThe Celestial Nail, The Empty Gate,
. The Ki Chuan, The Manual of Yi and' The Midnight Jewel
are in thé library at Chongqing;and any«time
ancestor learns the whereabouts of another important
book, she is not above dispatching-a ww (or perhaps
several) to obtain it-Moést recently, she sent agents to
recover a book long thought to be Jost. Called Phoenix;
Monkey, Rat, the tome is.a philosophical treatise writ-
ten, ostensibly, by-Xue himself on the relations be-
twéen the Dharmas. The book recently turned up in
_ Hong Kong, where it made its way to a Kin-jin named
Oliver Thrate, who somehow learned of its existence,
- studied it and then'shipped it off to, ViennasThis-has_

Treasures or Menu ‘AND-¥jn,
~ (New Aanracts)

appears never-ending. For those'folléwers of the Song

icular, the lure of that legendary city-can be nearly'
irresistible. Before its downfall thé *notorious Eight
Sacred Steps wu recovered: seca items that bear out
the theory that the Wan Xian were brilliant craftsmen
and sorcerers. Of these, two are of special interest to~

Bone Fl. , the Laughing Buddha Mask and Black». point of Willpower foreach ni
PLEA Bec Mees nd cies sesatare item on her person,'and she is unable. ‘regain Will- 4

Metal Egg. Bone' Flowers also make use of-other arti-
facts, which do not hail from.Meru.

Laucuing BuppHa Mask
Level Two Artifact
‘

Several of these-odd treasures are known to be in
circulation, predominantly. in the Bone Court. and
Japan. Bone..Flowers, often need to show a certain
degree of leadership and conviviality in their roles as

' The Bone Flower fascination with the city of Meru

of the Shadow in the*Bone Court of Chongqing? in...2shs

Bone Flowers

diplomats to other-Dharmas or shen.'This degree of
extroversion does' not comé easily to them. Wearing
the Laughing-Buddha Mask grants the Bone Flower a
remarkable degree of sociability that she may use in her
interactions with others. When the Kuei-jin puts on
the mask, it'seems to disappear completely, becoming
one with her face. While the mask is on, the'Bone
_ Flower becomés extraordinarily pleasant to be around,
and=het face sone white, smiling countenance
that lasts for ene».

other. artifacts.

Biack Metal Egg.

* "Level Three Artifact a7.
ittce smallitreasures confuse Kuei-jin who believe

that' "Black Metal Egg" is only.a\Bone Flower tern for »

the Yin Principle. Made of highly polished black metal
(or; sometimes, obsidian or Onyx), the eggs are'the size
ofarlarge chicken egg, each one of which can hold.ap
to £0 points of Yin Chi(rumor has it that' some can hold
~ even more). There are'pethaps'a dozen of these it items in
the World, most "of which' are ‘in: the possession of
ancestors of remarkable power.

The-Bone Flower channels her own Yin Chi into
the'egg, where it can be stored for future use. The Yin
Chi remains ‘inside 4 Until such time that the
Kuei-jin holds the
back into herself. If.'
each point cancels Out-ont
YangChi than Yin-Chi ent

sthe egg, it shatt

an act would undoubtedly have grave A Smale

Sour ‘dsine ~
Level Four'A\ fact :
"Soul Ashesiare'a very fine, almost Biky, black or

a powder. The Bone Flower: sprinkles a pinch of the
overan item carried by Hoge Once the ashes

2

ropped 0 on the item, they disappear: Thereafter,
the possessor of the-affected item will gradually grow.
morose and out of sorts. The victim lo: rey the moti

i

Bp

Y ight she Carries the cursed

powerdering that time. Kuei-jin whe
toward Yang lose two points of Will T
Victims who reach 0 Willpower fall into utter despair
and may attempt to.commit suicide. Mortals who suc-

cumb to this teinptatiog can — and'often do — take

the Second Breath. * Secale

The player. spend one point of Yin Chi to trigger ©
the Soul Ashes before the vampire sprinkles them on \

‘

‘o-do.anything and gainsno, satisfaction fromany >
activitiesin-which. she engages. The victim loses one

anight. |

|


the item. These ashes come in small, highly ornate
black lacquer boxés) that hold enough topaffect. four
victims. If the individual carrying the affected <item
places it in direct summer sunlight for one full day, the
Soul' Ashes burn: off and the individual'can regain
Willpower as usual:

Guost Snacks

Level Five Artifact

While Bone Flowers prefer to have the most re-
spectful telations possible with the dead, the fact re-
mains that there are certain ghosts whose wickedness is.
an affront to Heaven and the Middle Kingdom alike.
The dead call these angry spirits Spectres, kuei and
many other things. Ghost Shackles weaken and te-
strain fractious Spectres while providing Yin Chi to the
Bone-Flower who holds the "key." Most commonly
found in elaborately embroidered black silk bags, ghost
shackles resemble two.unconnected, stout, white jade
ankle cuffs with.a heavily-inscribed, small, black jade

peg "key," whichis necessary to make any use of them!
Among all artifacts available to Shadow Songs, these
are the most coveted because of the constant flow of
Yin Chi they provide the key holder.

The Bone Flower must first restrain orincapacitate
the errant ghost and close.the shackles around its
ankles. Once the shackles are closed, they become the
stuff of spirit. While the ghost isso bound, any Yin Chi
(Pathos or Angst) that it would have gained*shunts
directly to the Bone Flower holding the blackjade key.
Most Kuéifitr-find' this. quantity of Yin Chi-over-
whelming. Using this artifact — especially on a ghost
who is not clearly a Spectre — usually results in word
spreading through the ghost worldand eventually reach-
ing the ears of Bone Flower ancestors. Since most Bone
Flower ancestors covet Ghost Shackles, they will al-
most certainly investigate and confiscate the key Jf
there has-been any misuse. THey will then free the
wronged ghost, who is unlikely to be kindly disposed
toward the Kuei-jin who treated himisodisrespectfully.

Aparrjons FOR Mjnp's Eve THeatre

What follow are adaptations for some of the Disciplines, rituals, artifacts and Merits and Flaws
for Bone Flowers. The Storyteller has final say on what is permissible in game.

Ererna: Cuerry Biossoms (4 Trajr Mert)

For some reason, you are capable of being Yin imbalanced for long periods of time and never
develop the corpselike features of the ch'ing shih. Even exposure to the sun will not cause you to
become twisted and rotted; instead, you will suffer a type of dry rot, leaving you flaky and brittle but
still beautiful. This does not change the game effects of sunlight except in regards to Appearance.

Cannjsar (1 on 3 Trajr Fiaw)

You prefer to take your Chi from flesh, rather than blood or breath. In the one-point variant of
this Flaw, you simply find flesh easier to "digest" and gain only half as much Chi from blood or breath
as other Kuei-jin. In the three-point version, flesh is the only way for you to gain Chi. Other Kuei-
jin frown upon this form of feeding (it shows a distinct lack of enlightenment to feed like achih mei),
particularly Buddhist and Shinto vampires. Obviously, it becomes very difficult to feed from a
human without killing him, and flesh-stripped corpses will trumpet your presence to Shih and other
hunters.

Co' ing Suyx (3 Trayr Fiaw)

You have become too imbalanced toward Yin. You look like a monstrous walking corpse and can
never be mistaken for human. Ch' ing shih may never purchase Traits or Merits relating to appearance
(such as Alluring or Eternal Cherry Blossoms), they gain the Negative Traits: Repugnant x 2, and
activities such as seduction become entirely impossible. In some courts, this can be a real handicap,
while it may be more commonplace in others. While there are ways to circumvent the curse for a
short time, only bodhisattvas skilled in Equilibrium can repair the damage.

Ljre-Bynp (5 Trajt Flaw)

For some reason (perhaps a curse or a very inauspicious act of blindness), you do not have the
Yang-based Lifesight ability common to all other Kuei-jin. You cannot see auras or passions of other
Kuei-jin and mortals, nor can you see spirits of the Yang World. This makes it impossible for you to
progress beyond the first level of Yang Prana, and the Storyteller may limit other Disciplines. This
will not affect your ability to heal or test against wave soul.

New Djscppyyne TecHNjQues

A character wishing to learn these new techniques must acquire the necessary level of Discipline
(or Disciplines) indicated beside the technique. He must then seek out a teacher who knows the
technique. The cost of these is based on the level of knowledge necessary to study the technique (so
a technique that requires Advanced Yin Prana will cost nine experience points). Study times are at
the discretion of the Storyteller, who may choose to increase or decrease learning time based on the
character's diligence.

New characters may not enter play with these techniques.

Genre ¥jewwing
(First jurenmenjate First Siynraj)

By following the principles of Yin, a Bone Flower being attacked can defend herself simply by
yielding to the force of the blow. Physical attacks (weapons, bullets, fists and the like) make contact,
but the body of a Kuei-jin using this Discipline simply gives way beneath the attack and suffers no
damage.

System: A Kuei-jin using this power may not dodge. Bashing attacks cause no damage, while
lethal damage is halved. The Kuei-jin may also perform a Static Physical Challenge and reduce one
level of aggravated damage to lethal damage if she succeeds. Activating this power is considered


reflexive (and does not take an action to perform) and costs one Yin Chi. Gentle Yielding has no effect
on damage caused by explosions or attacks such as fire, lightning or acid.

Taxing Waar js Given
(SEconD juTERMEDjaTE Fiest SHjnra;)

This power takes Gentle Yielding one step further. The Bone Flower yields before the attack, but
before her attacker can take back his fist or weapon, the Bone Flower's flesh hardens and clamps down
around the limb or weapon in question, trapping or severing it in the process.

System: The Kuei-jin spends two Yin Chi and gains all the benefits of Gentle Yielding (above).
He then makes a Physical Challenge against his attacker. If he succeeds, his flesh clamps down on the
weapon or limb. By spending additional Traits, he may cause one level of aggravated damage to the
trapped item (which may cause a trapped fist or foot to be severed, while a blade shatters). This is
considered a defensive action.

Taxing THE Face

(First jurermenjate Bone Sunray,
First Basjc Firsn Sujnraj)

By combining Bone Obedience with the fleshcrafting abilities of Flesh Shintai, the vampire can
alter her features and even voice (through manipulating the vocal cords). With enough precision, she
can fool close friends and family of the target.

System: The Bone Flower spends two Yin and one Yang Chi and makes an Extended Physical
Challenge. Each win allows her to mimic for one scene the face and voice of an individual she has
met recently. Each win also indicates how foolproof the disguise is; one success will fool co-workers
and acquaintances, while more can pass inspection from the target's lover or child. The vampire must
have met the target personally and spent at least 30 minutes observing him.

Spjper's Biessing
(Seconp Basjc ¥jn Prana)

This power allows the vampire to create thin black tethers of Yin that anchor to the ceiling of
aroom and can hold the vampire off the floor and close to ceiling. If no sunlight actually touches him,
he may even pass the day in this fashion.

System: The vampire invokes Yin Mantle (player spends a point of Yin Chi) to create the strands
that anchor her to the ceiling. If she chooses to sleep there during the day, another point of Yin Chi
must be spent to maintain the threads.

Bjrrer ¥jn Caress
(Seconp jureRMeDjaTe ¥jn Prana)

The Bone Flower channels destructive Yin energies, causing substances to age and decay — metal
rusts, while wood and other organic materials decay and even glass crumbles. Those in her vicinity
feel a noticeable chill rolling off her.

System: The vampire touches her target. The vampire spend one point of Yin Chi and makes a
Static Mental Challenge (difficulty of the local Wall) to openaconnection to the Yin World. Objects
affected break down and become useless between one turn and one day after being touched,
depending on the material, the type of object and its complexity. More complex objects break down
more rapidly. It takes only a single turn for a computer to stop functioning, but several more hours
are needed to decompose the glass, chips and plastic. Living creatures touched by Bitter Yin Caress feel
an agonizing chill but take no damage.

Bjrrer ¥jn Croup
(Apvancen ¥jn Prana)

The Shadow Song makes a complex series of hand gestures, producing a cloud of destructive Yin
energy that inflicts damage on any opponent (living, undead or ghostly). The cloud inflicts terrible


chilling pain and causes the victim to begin decomposing.
System: The Bone Flower must be within 10 feet of her victim and must reach her hands out

toward him. The vampire spends three points of Yin Chi and makes a Physical Challenge. The victim
suffers one level of aggravated damage. In all other respects, this power functions like Bitter Yin Caress.

Ly (New Ryres)
Harvony wiTt Nigut (Basjc Ryre)

This rite makes the Bone Flower the stealthiest of the stealthy, allowing her to walk through snow
without leaving footprints or run through dead leaves without making a sound.

System: The Kuei-jin meditates for 20 minutes and spends a Yin Trait. For the rest of the scene,
the vampire is for all intents and purposes invisible — she leaves no tracks, makes no noise in walking
and otherwise leaves no physical evidence of her passing. To indicate that this rite is in place, the
vampire should cross her arms over her chest, as per Obfuscate. This does not muffle her to

otherworldly senses, however, and the effect ends should she do something obvious, such as scream
or attack someone.

The Back Sjixen Pouch
(jnveRMenjare Ryre)

This rite infuses a target's sensory organs with Yin energy, leaving him unable to see, hear, taste,
smell or, even, feel. This effect cannot be overcome by Gifts or Disciplines. Some Bone Flowers have
been known to use this rite on themselves during their studies of Yin.

System: The Kuei-jin carves the target's name on a piece of black jade. To trigger the effect, she
places the jade in a black silk pouch also containing black volcanic sand and a dried cuttlefish. The
player makes a Mental Challenge. The effects last for one scene.

Donning THE Flawiess Mask
(jnrermenjare Ryre)

This rite allows a ch'ing shih to wear a semblance of her mortal face for one night.

System: The vampire locates a dragon line that is powerful with Yang Chi and infuses herself with
enough Yang to counteract the ch'ing shih effect (at least half her Yin pool). The result is an idealized,
though exceedingly pale, version of the face she wore when alive. The effect lasts for one night. No
blemishes or flaws mar the Flawless Mask, and the ch'ing shih will have, for the duration of the effect,
a face that looks like white jade — quite beautiful but very unsettling. Any Kuei-jin well-versed in
the ways of Yin (Advanced Yin Prana or Bone Shintai or knowing the li) may recognize the rite. This
rite may only be performed once per lunar cycle (essentially, once a month).

Gracious Acceprance OF THE
Mosr Revere Lotus Blossom Gjrr
(Apvancen Rjte)

Bone Flowers use this rite to pluck desired information from minds unwilling to give it. At the
end of the rite, the Bone Flower "remembers" the knowledge, while it disappears forever from the
mind of the one who knew it.

System: The Kuei-jin must be in the same room as her target, who must be conscious. The target
must be bound and lying down with his head facing west. The player then makes an Extended Mental
Challenge, with each success offering more information. The ritualist may seek a specific piece of
information ("Where did you place your copy of The Broken-Winged Crane?") or general knowledge
regarding a particular topic. Abilities and Disciplines may not be acquired in this manner.


Lauguing BuppHa Mast

Level Two Artifact

Bone Flowers often need to show a certain degree of geniality in their roles as diplomats to other
Dharmas or shen, something which does not come easily to them. The Laughing Buddha Mask allows
the Bone Flower to gain sociability that she may use in interaction with others. When the Kuei-jin
puts on the mask, it seems to become one with her face. While wearing the mask, the Bone Flower
becomes extraordinarily pleasant to be around, and her face takes on a pale, smiling countenance
that lasts for the scene.

The Kuei-jin spends one point of Yang Chi to activate the mask and gains the Social Traits
Charming, Friendly and Genial, which she may use in Social Challenges (including overbids). Rituals
or Disciplines that would affect her Social Traits affect only the normal Social Trait pool.

Brack Meta. Egg

Level Three Artifact

Made of highly polished black metal (sometimes obsidian or onyx), these treasures are the size
of a chicken egg. Each one can hold up to 10 Traits of Yin Chi. There are perhaps a dozen of these
items in the world, usually possessed by ancestors.

The Bone Flower channels her own Yin Chi into the egg, where it can be stored for future use.
The Yin Chi remains inside the egg until the Kuei-jin holds the artifact and channels the Yin Chi
back into herself. If Yang Chi is placed in the egg, each point cancels out one point of Yin Chi. If
more Yang Chi than Yin Chi enters the egg, it shatters. Destroying such an artifact will certainly
result in the considerable displeasure of the ancestors.

Sour Asnes

Level Four Artifact

Soul Ashes appear as a very fine black or gray powder. The Bone Flower sprinkles a pinch of ash
over an item carried by her enemy, where it disappears. Thereafter, the possessor of the affected item
gradually sinks into depression, losing the motivation to do anything and gaining no satisfaction
from the activities in which she does engage (the target should roleplay the effects). The victim loses
one Willpower Trait per night while she carries the cursed item on her person, and she is unable to
regain Willpower during that time. Kuei-jin who are imbalanced toward Yang lose two points of
Willpower a night. Victims who reach zero Willpower fall into utter despair and may attempt
suicide. Mortals who succumb to this temptation can — and often do — take the Second Breath.

The Bone Flower spends one point of Yin Chi to trigger the Soul Ashes before sprinkling them
on the item. The ashes come in small, highly ornate black lacquer boxes that hold enough to affect
four or five victims. If the individual carrying the affected item places it in direct sunlight for one
full day, the Soul Ashes burn off, and the individual begins regaining Willpower as usual.

Guosr Shackies

Level Five Artifact

While Bone Flowers prefer to have the most respectful relations possible with the dead, the fact
remains that there are ghosts whose wickedness is an affront to Heaven and the Middle Kingdom.
Ghost Shackles weaken and restrain fractious Spectres while providing Yin Chi to the Bone Flower
who holds the "key." Ghost Shackles resemble two unconnected, stout, white jade ankle-cuffs with
a heavily inscribed, small, black jade peg "key," which is necessary to use them. Among all artifacts
available to Shadow Songs, these are the most coveted because of the constant flow of Yin Chi they
provide the key holder.

The Bone Flower must restrain or incapacitate the ghost and close the shackles around its ankles.
Once the shackles are closed, they become the stuff of spirit. While the ghost is bound, any Yin Chi
(Pathos or Angst) that it would have gained shunts directly to the Bone Flower holding the key.
Using this artifact — especially on a ghost who is not clearly a Spectre — will gain the notice of the
Bone Flower ancestors (usually through the complaints of angry wraiths). As Ghost Shackles are
supposedly rare, ancestors investigate such claims without delay.


Masks jw tur Dancenen Tiearre

71

MASKS In
FHE DARKENED
FNEAT RE

Bone Flowers are not all reclusive, quiet scholars.
Many, even most, of them spent a great deal of time out
and about with their wu and getting to know the Middle
Kingdom and the worlds beyond the Wall. Disciples
diverge the most from Bone Flower stereotypes because
they are still searching out a base of knowledge with
which to fuel further study.

The following templates show much of the range of
Bone Flower disciples. Some are dark scholars or ghosts,
others are deadly killers. Use these as ready-made
characters or as inspiration for your own characters.
Storytellers may, of course, use these Shadow Songs as
ready-made contacts, allies or enemies as well.

72 8 Bout Fiowens
Ampassapor To ANcEsTORS

Quote: Do not tell me how good you were to your father. His ghost stands behind you even now and weeps.

Prelude: In your living days you could never fathom your role under Heaven. You tried to bea good daughter,
but neither of your parents were happy with you. They both wanted a boy and never tired of telling you how
disappointed they were to have had you. Only your grandmother cared for you, and she told you how your life
would improve once you married and left your family. Your time with her was precious, but always too short.

Your father would drink to excess, come into your room at night and tell you lurid stories of parents leaving
infant girls out in the forest to die of exposure or be consumed by wild beasts. He would chuckle softly and tell
you how lucky you were.

You hated both your parents. You plotted their deaths many times, but you really only looked forward to the
day when you married and finally escaped them. Unfortunately, your father drank away your dowry, and you
weren't quite beautiful enough to marry off without it. You were
terrified that you would be stuck at home for the rest of your life, a
burden on the family, with only your sick grandmother to
talk to. It didn't turn out that way.

The walls were thin, and when your father
began making sexual advances toward you, your
grandmother knew it. Rather than allow the family
to become an insult to the ancestors, your grand-
mother poured lantern oil throughout the home and
set it ablaze. Your parents, your grandmother and you
all died in the blaze.

When you came back, you were amazed to note
that-you could see the spirits in their houses and the
ghosts in their shrouds, including your grandmother,
who still comforted you from the other side. Now you
believe that relations between the two sides of the
Wall need to be warmer. You hope to bring the
comfort of the dead to all those who need it.

Concept: You are a peacemaker. You believe
your ability to perceive the Yin World is a gift that
you should use to bring harmony between ghosts and
Kuei-jin. After all, you are both dead, and you both
linger on to achieve some wisdom.

Roleplaying Hints: Your role as peacemaker
shows up not just between those on different sides
of the Wall, but between different Dharmas or
different types of shen as well. Prevent conflict
where you can. Your fascination with ghosts may
occasionally make it hard for you to empathize with
the living, but it's a price you're willing to pay.

Equipment: Demure clothes, family mementos, small
collection of texts on the Yellow Springs

i!

ava'

XY

NAME: Ambassadok MATURE: Conforsist BALANCE: ‘Yin

PLAYER: Po ATURE: | he Foo! DIRECTION: Vest
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: TkACitionalist Wu:
ATIRJBUTES

PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength_____.@ ®0 000 Charisma__t__®@ @® @®0 0 Perception @@@000
Dexterity. @@0000 Manipulation @00 Intelligence @@@e000
Stamina @@0000 Appearance @@0000 Wits_______®@0000

ABjLTIES

TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken. @®00000 Computer. 000000
Athletics, @00000 Portens______o00000 Enigmas_____ @®@®0000
Brawl 000000 Drive________000000 Investigation 000000
Dodge. OOOOOO Etiquette_____@®@@000O Law_____ 000000
Empathy. @@@@00 Firearms______000000 Linguistics. 000000
Expression @00000 Martial Arts, 000000 Medicine____0 00000
Intimidation 000000 Melee___-___000000 Occult______@®00000
Leadership, @@0000 Performance @0000 Politics____ 000000
Streetwise 00000 Stealth____. @000 Rituals_____ee0000
Subterfuge @@@000 Suvival__..000000 Science_____90 00000

BEVanradne

DISCIPLINES RITES
Black Wind _@00000 Hososcohe 0 © e@@0000 Behold the Shikits' Doorway
Bone Shintai @00000 _JAdeTAlisman _@ 000 Constkuct the Dragon Bone

YinPrana __ @00000 _Rites ece0eeo Prison
O00000 > 0 0'0':0'0::0
OoO00000 O00000
YIN CHI pHarma 20n4 of the Shadow /1 HEALTH

HUN Bruised Q

@e@e@eoo00o00o0o0d Hurt 1Q

Injured 10

WILLPOWER Wounded 20

Mauled 20

@eeeee0000 Crippled 50

QQ00000o0000 Incapacitated Q

Po JMBALANCE

@e@e@eo0o0000o00

Weer

YANG CHI Qog0ggoggogdgodnoaaong
DEMON CHI


74 Bone Fiowers

Eson Sepuctress

Quote: A poor huntress chases her prey. A
skilled huntress waits.

Prelude: Your mother was a poor Viet-
namese woman trapped by the vicissitudes
of a war that was bloodier than any had
predicted. She had to eat. And she had to
feed you. When the American soldier of-
fered her what seemed like a small fortune
for a night with you, your mother pulled
you aside, explained exactly what was
going to happen to you and asked you to
forgive her. The incident was not pleas-
ant, but the evening's discomfort fed
you and your mother for weeks. You
soon found yourself repeating the
events of that evening. Your physical
skills grew, as did your reputation
and your price. Of all the women
doing what you did for money, you
were the best at what you did, and
there was power in that distinc-
tion. American men loved you.
Their lust made them malleable.
They paid you great sums of money,
took you to fancy restaurants, bought
you gifts, and in return, you would give them
the hours of pleasure they wanted. It wasn't an easy
life, there were moments of ugliness, but it was far
better than the lives of most of those around you. You
were almost sorry to see the war end. Almost.

Your life took a turn for the worse once the
Americans left. You were scorned by your own
people as a traitor and a whore. When a man

from your own village raped and murdered
you, the locals saw it as a small loss. When he
was caught, the village shamed your memory
by giving him nothing but a perfunctory slap on
the wrist and setting him free. Your mother
could only weep.
The insult was enough to tear you
back from Yomi.

Concept: You are a dangerous
beauty. With your looks and in-
telligence, it is easy for you to use
guile, wits and sex to get what you
want from men, and you use that
advantage to its fullest. Gifts, infor-

mation and Chi all make their way to
you in this fashion, and all you have to
" do is smile.

Roleplaying Hints: Hint at scan-
dalous things, then play coy. Make
thinly veiled suggestive comments,
then fall back and wait. Allow your
opponent to pique his own curiosity,
to convince himself of the necessity
of your plan, and let him deliver him-

self into your hands.

Equipment: A well-appointed
apartment, beautifully tailored clothes,
countless gifts from suitors

mama: Ebon Seductkess MATURE: SURVIVOR BALANCE: Yi

‘PLAYER: Powmaturn The Leqalist — pinsevioN: East
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: (20) VivAnt wu:
- ATIR}BUTES
‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength______@ ®0 000 Charisma_____@® @@®000 Perception @@0000
Dexterity. @000 Manipulation @00 Intelligence @@ 000
Stamina @@@000 Appearance @ @00o Wits_______@®@0000
ABjLjTIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken. 000000 Computer. 000000
Athletics, @@0000 Portents_____000000 Enigmas____ ®® 0000
Brawl 000000 Drive_______000000 Investigation 000000
Dodge. @@0000 Etiquette____@@@e000 Law_____000000
Empathy_____@® 00000 Firearms______0 00000 Linguistics @@®0000
Expression 000000 Martial Arts, 000000 Medicine_____0 00000
Intimidation O00000 Melee_______0 00000 Occult______.®00000
Leadership. 000000 Performance @@0000 Politics____ 000000
Streetwise @@@000 Stealtth_____ ®@®@00O0 Rituas______000000
Subterfuge @e@e@0ooo Survival... @®00000 Science__... 000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES

Black Wind _@00000 eae
YinPeana __@ @0000 @@0000

— OO 0'O'0.0 Lean AISMAN _@@@000

000000 -___= 000000

000000) —__.._ 0.00000

pHarma 20N5 of the Shadow /1 aALTH

HUN Bruised Q

@e@e@eoo00000d0d Hurt 10

Injured 10

WILLPOWER Wounded 2 Q

Mauled 20

@@ee@eeeo000d0 Crippled 50

Q000000000 Incapacitated a
ro jMBALANCE

@e@ee@eoo0o00000

ee el

QOO00000000
DEMON CHi


76 __ S Bone Flowers
Guarvjan oF THE PyLLaR

Quote: I don't care what verdict you have rendered, Devil-Tiger, this family is under my protection.
Further persistence on your part will merely expedite your return to Yomi.

Prelude: You were a boorish, sake-swilling womanizer during your days among the living, and
you treated your parents and your wife with thinly veiled contempt. Your job, your whoring-
buddies and your opium addiction took obvious precedence over your home life. Your wife neither
knew nor cared that the money she stole from you was to go to a loan shark, she simply wanted
to get the abortion before you became a wretched father as well as a wretched husband. The
Yakuza did not appreciate being toyed with in sucha fashion, however, especially by a waste
of skin like you. The thug smoothly lured you into the alley with promises of free opium and
left you with three well-placed stab wounds. As you lay in the freezing alley in Sapporo, feeling
your warm blood pouring from your wounds, it occurred to you that you wanted to be a better
person in your next lifetime.

You only had to wait a week. Snow had
covered your body in the alley, and you
hadn't been found. The improper "burial"
prevented you from resting, and so, you
came back. You found the Yakuza thug
who killed you and thanked him for the
enlightenment he provided you. It was hard
to hate the Yakuza, especially when these sup-
posed gangsters saw to it that your wife was taken
better care of in widowhood than in matri-
mony. Now, they look after her, and you look
after them. It's an odd arrangement, but
there have been stranger.

Concept: The second tenet of the Song
of the Shadow charges you to protect the
family as the central focus of life in the
Middle Kingdom. That you do, with a convic-
tion born of guilt for your dubious
comportment in your living days
and a relentless contempt for
those who are like you once
were. At your best, you are a
noble champion of families; at
your worst, you are a loose can-
non and a vigilante, bringing
painful deaths to those you judge
unredeemable.

Roleplaying Hints: Watch the
mortal world from a cool distance. Be
polite to anyone worth a damn. Those
who prove themselves destructive to re-
spectable families or individuals deserve
to be culled for the protection of fami-
lies and civilization.

Equipment: Simple loft, Glock 179
mm pistol (smuggled from the United
States by the Yakuza), photograph of your wife


NAME: GUAkciAn NATURE: Zeavo BALANCE: Yi)

PLAYER: PONATURE Te Demon _—dDIRECTION: East
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: DikeCtOK wu:
ATTRJBUTES -

‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL
Strength______@@®@®@®00 Charisma__t___®®0000 Perception
Dexterity______@ @®@®0O0OO Manipulation 0000 Intelligence
Stamina______@@@0O0OO Appearance @@0000 Wits

ABjLTIES

TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@0000 Animal Ken 000000 Enigmaa——____® ®0 000
Athletics @00000 Portents__m___O0 0000 Finance_____® 00000
Brawl @@@000 Drive_____®00000 Investigation 000000
Dodge @@0000 Etiquette_____@®@0000 Law_______®00000
Empathy_____0 00000 Firearms______@ ®0 000 Linguistics 000000
Expression O00000 Martial Arts. 000000 Medicine____e@e 00000
Intimidation @00000 Melee______000000 Occult______0 00000
Leadership. 000000 Performance OO00000 Politics 000000
Streetwise @@@000 Stealth_____ ®@®®000 Rituas______000000
Subterfuge. @00000 Survival__.._®00000 Science___9000000

SBVaNTAES

DISCIPLINES RITES
Bong Shintai @00000 Ali ® 00000
Cultivation @00000 _Contacts @@0000
Demon Shinai @00000 _Hokoscope e@0000
000000 ____ 0 00000
000000 ___ 000000

DHARMA 30N4 of the Shadow /1 bona

HUN Bruised Q

@e@ee@eeeoo0oo0od Hurt 1Q

Injured 10

WILLPOWER Wounded 20

@©0©00000000 an a:

QOQ00000d000 Incapacitated Q
JMBALANCE

Po
@e@eeeeooo0d

ame ce

QQO00000000
DEMON CHi


78 Bons Flowers

puvisete Warcer

Quote: When you think you see me,
you won't. I will already be gone.

Prelude: Even as a child, you
were peeking in windows, creeping into
places you didn't belong and reading other
people's journals. You honed those interests
into actual breaking and entering skills dur-
ing your turbulent adolescent years. Curiously,
despite all the trespassing, you were never par-
ticularly interested in stealing from the places
you sneaked into; to your way of thinking,
that cheapened the whole experience.
Unfortunately, word of your talents
reached the ears of some small-time
thugs who wanted you to break into the
Tokyo house of a well-known business-
man. It did not go well. The well-known business-
man was the head of a major Yakuza gumi. You
died and your body ended up at the bottom of
Tokyo Bay.

But the feeling that you weren't seeing every-
thing still haunted you in Yomi, and your intense
curiosity was enough to grant you the Second
Breath. Becoming a Bone Flower was the obvious
thing to do, and you do it well. When you returned
from Yomi, you went back to the home of the well-
known businessman. You spied on his nightly activi- y
ties, learned his children's names, found out what kind
of prostitutes he liked, discovered his every last corrupt
business transaction, and once you had learned more
about the man than he knew himself, you set a chain
of events in motion that first dishonored, then
destroyed him. Knowledge, you discovered, truly
is power.

Concept: Low-key in acrowd and stealthy
when you're alone, you make the gathering
of other people's information your busi-
ness. It doesn't matter if you sell it. It
doesn't matter if you can profit from
it at all, just so long as you know it.
That's the part that the others just
don't understand.

Roleplaying Hints: When you can,
you prefer to work alone. Other people's
lives fascinate you. Watching them when they don't know they're being watched provides you with a deep
satisfaction. When you're obligated to be around others, you love to hear them talk about themselves. You ask
open ended questions and let people (especially Westerners) rattle on about their lives and businesses and little
secrets. You smile and nod and take mental notes for later use. If you have to disguise yourself to gain access to
this information, you happily do so. Ten thousand masks are available to you; why not use them?

Equipment: Lock picks, simple black clothing, covert video and audio surveillance equipment


nama: Invisible Watcher MATURE: Deviant

BALANCE: ‘Yi
PLAYER: Po NATURE: Te Monkey DIRECTION: Centex
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: fOnKeK wu:
ATTRjBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength @@0000 Charisma__t___®@ ®0000 Perception @e@e@e00
Dexterity. @@@@00 Manipulation @@0000 Intelligence. @@0000
Stamina @@0000 Appearance @@0000 Wits @eee@00
ABjLTIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@@000 Animal Ken @00000 Computer. @00000
Athletics 000000 Portents. 000000 Enigmax____ @®0 000
Brawl 000000 Drive @00000 Investigation @@0000
Dodge. @@0000 Etiquette @@e@000 Law. O00000
Empathy. @00000 Firearms. 000000 Linguistics. 000000
Expression 000000 Martial Arts. 000000 Medicine_____0 00 000
Intimidation 000000 Melee @@0000 Occult 000000
Leadership. 000000 Performance 000000 Politics 000000
Streetwise @@®0000 Stealth @ @@0 Rituals 000000
Subterfuge. Survival_. _@®@@0O0OO Science 000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Black Wind _@00000 _Contacts _@@@000
YinPeana @ @0000 _Hokoscohe _@ 00000
000000 _jAde Talisman _@@0000
o00000 __ OOOO N00
O00000 000000
DHARMA S0N4 of the Shadow /1 om
HUN Bruised Q
@e@e@eo0000000 Hurt 10
Injured 10
WILLPOWER Wounded 2Q
eeeeeccooo Ge ood
goa000no0nodgodda Incapacitated Q
Po jMBALANCE

@e@e@eo0o000000

Oe er

QO00000000
DEMON CHi


80 Bons Flowers

Ossessep NecRoMANCER

Quote: The secrets of the dead are not like our
secrets, Mr. Kim, as I'm sure our strange visitors
have explained to you by now.

Prelude: You were always the quiet
little girl poking around in things
you shouldn't. One day you trapped
a wasp and a fly in the same jar and /
watched with unrivaled fascination \Y j
as the wasp mounted the fly in mid-
air and began to eat it alive. When the
process was done there was nothing left of
the fly but a wing in the bottom of the jar. That
was how you saw life after that: a thing that
lands on our back and eats away at us until
there's nothing left. You were
only 20 when the gnawing
of the wasp became too
much, and you letit con-
sume you entirely by
cutting open your wrists
in a bath of warm
water.

Your time in
the Hell of Being
Eaten Alive showed
you that the Yama
Kings had some-
thing of a twisted
sense of humor and
that your understand-
ing had been far from
complete. Deep within
you, the P'o demanded
that you be able to deepen
your understanding. The
Second Breath came
quickly after you devoured
the wasp on your back.

Concept: The riddles of
Yomi and death fascinate you
beyond all reason. You are cer-
tain that your connection with
the cold forces of Yin give you
insights into death and dying
that others cannot fathom,

and yet, you are weary of jumping to conclu-
sions as you did in life. You must learn
more about the exact process of death.
‘ou can hear the ghosts and see
the ghosts, but you are still stuck
on this side of the Wall, and
it frustrates you endlessly.
You pursue the teach-
ings of your Dharma
with azeal few oth-
ers can match in
your quest for
the knowledge
that willallow
you to travel
to the Yellow
Springs and
back. In the
meantime,
you're content
to watch the
light fade from
the eyes of the
living and see
their ghosts slip
from their bodies.
Roleplaying
Hints: Like most of
your Dharma, you are
quiet and distant most of
the time, but when you have
the chance to study a death,
you are filled with an enthusiasm
others find disconcerting. You are
also capable of being quite socially
engaging when a conversation turns
to the macabre. Because of this, most
of yoursocial interactions are with ghosts.
Equipment: A crypt converted
as your resting place,
a small library on
the subject of
death and
ghosts


mama: Neckomancer
PLAYER:

BALANCE: ‘Yi

Pro wATURE Te Deceivek DIRECTION: West

CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: (eviAnt Wu:
ATTRJBUTES -

‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL ‘MENTAL
Strength. @@0000 Charisma__t___®@ ®@® 000 Perception @ee0ee0
Dexterity. @®@0000 Manipulation @@@000 Intelligence.
Stamina @@0000 Appearance @@0000 Wits. @0000

ABjLITIES

TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness______@@®@®0O0OO Animal Ken. 000000 Computer. 000000
Athletics_____ 000000 Portents. @@@000 Enigmas____@®@@000
Brawl 000000 Drive 000000 Investigation 000000
Dodge @00000 Etiquette @@0000 Law. 000000
Empathy. @@@000 Firearms. 000000 Linguistics. 000000
Expression ®00000 Martial Arts. O00000 Medicine. 000000
Intimidation 000000 Melee 000000 Occult e@@@e000
Leadership. @00000 Performance 000000 Politics o00000
Streetwise @0000 Stealth @@0000 Rituals @@e@000
Subterfuge @@0000 Survival OO0000O0 Science 000000

ADVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS
Black Wind _@00000 _lAde Talisman @00000 Hakmonivs Srelding of the
Guarded Home

YnPeanA  __ @@®0000 _Kitts se @@ @00
000000 000000
000000 000000
000000 000000

Race the Dragon's Blood
Behold the Shiits' Dookway

pHarma 20n4 of the Shadow /1

HUN
@e@ee@eo0o00o000o0d0d

WILLPOWER
e@e5@a@eooo0o0d
onoooggogdauanauAaNA

ro
@@ee@eo0o000000

eee eel

QO0000o0gogogogo00
DEMON CHI

Bruised Q
Hurt 1Q
Injured 10
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated Q
JMBALANCE
Pet ent Yi

82

fe) Bone Fiowers

ScHoLar oF War Concept: You are acold and calculating tactician.
S

Quote: That a weapon does not belong to you does not +You know more ways to kill silently than most Kuei-jin

mean you cannot destroy your opponents with it. know how to kill at all. You do not like to engage in

Prelude: It secretly disappointed you that Japan combat, but your curiosity often gets the better of you,

never went to war during your lifetime. You had and you set up situations that allow you to test your
committed Sun Tzu's The Art of strategies in the real world. The time you spent study-

War and Miyamoto Musashi's The ing at Daisetsuzan was the most powerful time in your
Book of Five Rings to memory by = life or unlife. Unlike most Bone Flowers, when an urge
the time you entered university. G : to conflict hits you, you may not be able to master it.
You maintained excellent grades, Roleplaying Hints: Scrutinize those around
despite playing go during most of you. Know their limitations, as well as your
your spare time and feeling your ¥ own. Do not rush stupidly into conflict, but if
martial urges unfulfilled. conflict is necessary, plan it out very care-
When your death came, it was by
the hand of a simple street thug who just
wanted your fat businessman's wallet.
There was no honor in your end.
And so, you took the Second
Breath to fix that oversight. You
found yourself in a position where
your knowledge could help you.

During your kéayou tracked down XN
your killerand used your knowl- .
edge of strategy to torment

and terrify him fornights
on end. Finally, you
killed him in a
drawn out cer-
emony.
When
the Bone
Floweran-
cestors re-
alized your
tactical
skills,
they
spoke to
Kuro-sama, and
you were invited to
study at Daisetsuzan,
where your knowledge of
tactics and techniques
for infiltration and as-
sassination were ex-
panded by orders of
magnitude.

fully to maxi-
mize your chances of
success: Once you've gath-
ered intelligence about your op-
ponent, take the necessary steps to
see that you are utterly victorious.
Equipment: Various weapons, both
modern and ancient, a treasured copy of

Sun Tzu's The Art of War

mame: Scholak of Wak NATURE: oh age BALANCE: ‘Yi
‘PLAYER: PO MATURE: | é S)\) DIRECTION: Sovith
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: GA)]Ant Wu:
ATTRIBUTES
‘PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@0000 Charisma @@0000 Perception @@0000
Dexterity. OO Manipulation @0000 Intelligence. @000
Stamina @00 Appearance @@0000 Wits @@@000
ABjLTES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@0000 Animal Ken OO00000 Enigmas. @@0000
Athletics 000000 Portents. 000000 Finance @@0000
Brawl 000000 Drive @00000 Investigation 000000
Dodge. @@0000 Etiquette @@0000 Law. 000000
Empathy. OO0OO0OOO Firearms Linguistics. 000000
Expression 000000 Martial Arts. Medicine_____0 00000
Intimidation 000000 Melee Occult 000000
Leadership. @@@000 Performance 000000 Politics. 000000
Streetwise @00000 Stealth @@@@00 Rituals @00000
Subterfuge, @00000 Survival @00000 Science 000000
ADVANTAGES ;
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Black Wind _@00000 _Hoxoscohe _@@@000 Hakmonywith Night
Bone Shinti _@@0000 _Kites @@0000
Oo00000 O00000
000000 O00000
000000 O00000
en puarma Son of the Shadow /1__ —
HUN Bruised Q
e@e@eoo0o00o00o0dn Hurt 10
Injured 10
WILLPOWER Wounded 20
ecocccccees SM Ga
gogoggogdgogoododaa Incapacitated Q
Pp jMBALANCE

‘oe
@e@e@eeoo00o000

en ee

QOO00000000
DEMON CHI



APPENDIX

PERFELF
MASTERS

Bone Flowers spend much of their existences learning
from a series of teachers. The quest for more knowledge,
more wisdom and further enlightenment consumes them
like no other Kuei-jin. The most august of these teachers
gain a fame in the Dharma that flows across the Middle
Kingdom, ignoring matters of court and rivalry. Younger
Kuei-jin can also gain recognition in the Dharma, espe-
cially if they have accomplished much or come to the
Dharma from another path.

The following "perfect masters" are some of the great-
est minds in the Dharma and some of its rising stars. Of
course, there are many others who play important roles in
the Song'of the Shadow. The fame of the young can be
fleeting indeed, although the position of ancient masters
is much more enduring.

Ly; Zuovu,
Ta.on oF THE Mera: Dragon

Lili Zhou was an interpreter in Hong Kongat the turn
of the century. Her rape and murder by a British assistant

to the consul caused a brief stir and some friction between
the native Chinese and the British, but it passed. It did
not pass for Lili: Her P'o struggled for months before
escaping Yomi, finally succeeding, and when she finally
took the Second Breath, she was.a raging thing. The few
representatives of the Flame Court still in Hong Kong
found her by following the trail of cannibalized British
bodies. The local British press was attempting to pin the
murders on a hypothetical "morally diseased Chinaman,"
but thanks to Robert Pedder and his associates, the story
never made its way into print. Pedder was afraid one of his
own Kindred had committed the crimes in frenzy and
aggressively clamped down on the press. He never did
learn the true identity of the murderet or.that/he had
covered up a crime committed by "the enemy."

Lili initially entered Kuei-jin culture'as a follower of
the Howl of the Devil-Tiger, which seemed to suit her
rage and her attunement to the southern direction. After
achieving the Second of Ten Dawns and taking a notable

toll on the British population of Hong Kongas part of the
nascent Victorious Whirlwind wu (see World of Darkness:

Bone Flowers

Hong Kong), she was quite certain that her destiny did
not include becoming a devil. At the moment of her
questioning, she saw dead-cherry blossoms being blown.
from a tree by a cold wind, and she realized where her
destiny lay. Initially, she was not a favorite of the more
enlightened Bone Flowers who wished to restore the
Flame Court, and she was not assigned to a wu, but her
diligence in her studies forced them to concede that she
was quite cold-minded and deserving of favor, Further-
more, her proficiency with the English language granted
herastanding thatothers lacked. When the Metal Dragon
Talon wu lost one member to. anespecially perceptive —
and dangerous — Kin-jin (Pedder himself, who had long
been marked for assassination), Liliteplaced her with the
mandarin's blessing. The other four members of the wu
were sparing in their praise of the notion. They asked the
mandarin to reconsider. Lili was less advanced on her
Dharmic path than the woman she was replacing, but the
mandarin, who had full say over such things, could not'be
dissuaded.

It was a perfect fit. Lili's disdain for Occidentals, Kin-
jinin particular, served her well, as did her brief time as a
Devil-Tiger. She underwent training in the requisite
techniques and even attained the rank of jina during her
training, She rapidly earned the respect of her wu.

Most recently, the Metal Dragon Talon has traveled
to San Francisco to hasten the ousting of the Kin-jin.
Many among the Flame Court are eager to make San
Francisco payback forthe years of gweilo occupation of
Hong Kong.

PROFLE
Nature: Fanatic
P'o Nature: The Slave
Demeanor: Judge

Balance: Yin

Direction: South

Dharma: The Song of the Shadow 4

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics2, Dodge 4, Empathy
1, Enigmas 3, Etiquette 3, Expression 3, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 4, Martial Arts 4, Melee 3, Occult 2, Rituals 3,
Stealth 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 4, Survival 1,

Disciplines: Bone Shintai 4, Demon Shintai3, Flesh
Shintai 2, Yin Prana 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Horoscope 2

Yin: 6, Yang: 4, Hun: 4, P'o: 5, Willpower: 8

Ku Zu, THe Bone Ancestor
oF CHONGQING

Among the most celebrated of the Bone Flower
ancestors remaining among Kuei-jin society, the Bone
Ancestor is the august ruler of the Bone Court of
Chongqing: Among the most learned of all extant Kuei-
jin, Ku Zu has a mind that enables her to remember facts,
dataand conversations with perfect recall. Centuries after
meeting a minor functionary from a distant court, she will
remember his name and other details the moment he
enters her presence again. Her mastery of even the most
complex points of etiquette is legendary, especially when
it comes to the ways of the Yellow Springs.

Ku Zu was a beggar woman in Kaifeng when she died.
A haughty minister of Emperor Shen Zong ordered her

death because he deemed her too ugly to be on the streets,
and his servants disposed of her body with a shameful lack
of ceremony. Such a death did not sit well with Heaven.

Once Ku Zu took the Second Breath, she began
haunting the minister's nights. She was hesitant to kill
him because he had a great deal of power, and she did not
wish to plunge the somewhat shaky dynasty into a tail-
spin. Instead, she terrorized him and drained his Chi with
a frequency that left him chronically bedridden. When
others had risen to take his position, she granted the
minister a quick death by draining his Chi entirely.

Ku Zuis among those Bone Flowers visibly marked by
her time in the Black Metal Egg. She is ach' ing shih, and
her metallic black skin stretches tightly over her face.
However ugly she was at the time of her death, she far
exceeds that now. Nevertheless, both the Dharma and
the Bone Court-consider her appearance a sign of her
station. Her position as Bone Ancestor, which she has
held for the last 600 years, places her social standing
beyond reproach.

Her interpretations of the tenets are very conserva-
tive. Once emotion has been excised from the interpreta-
tion process, she claims, clarity infuses the mind, and the
way becomes obvious. Her preferred technique for arriv-
ing at that clarity of mind is pain. Those who come to
learn the Dharma from her soon find that her methods of
instruction are truly difficult to forget.

Ku Zu resides in the grand subterranean library of
Chongging. Her personal offices are well hidden and
comprehensively warded against all manner of intrusion.

Kuro-sama, Exairep SENSE;
oF DajseTsuzaAN

During his life, Kuro-sama lived in the early Heian
period of Japan's history, Kuro-sama was a chi'n ta of the
Go Kamisori Gama clan. of assassin magi. Although a
skilled assassin. and tactician, he never achieved the
heights of power and status. He was too content to serve
his betters to undertake the willful campaign for power
and enlightenment necessary for true status among the
Lightning People. He served as a teacher but never a
leader. His humble service was not rewarded.

Three former students (including his own grandson)
who had not been accepted into the clan (and, thus, felt
his demanding teaching style was "unfair") betrayed him
toa rival. Kuro-sama's death was extraordinarily painful,
and all those who participated in his final moments were
overcome by shame to see such a noble man die such a
hideous death. They tossed his body into the ocean and
thought about it as little as possible.

A scant few nights later, they were forced to think
about it again. In the dark hell of Kakuri, Kuro-sama's P'o
raged at his betrayal. His quiet manner, however, would
have left him in Yomi had it not been for the intervention
of the wizard Jizo the Wanderer. The only kindly soul in
the entirety of the dark realm, Jizo told Kuro-sama quite

simply that he had made his own shackles. Enlightened,
the assassin let his rage loose for the briefest of moments
and took the Second Breath. (For more on Kakuri and Jizo
the Wanderer, see The Thousand Hells.)

Kuro-sama meditated for the first evening of his
return to grant himself the cold-mindedness it would
require to avenge his death: He fed on the Chi.of his
perfidious grandson and the other ‘two traitors. Then,
with only the benefit of his vast knowledge of assassina-
tion and a few meager Disciplines, Kuro-sama infiltrated

the camp of his murderer, a mage of vast repute. His ~

enemy was dead and buried with the appropriate rites
before it occurred to anyone that he was missing.
Kuro-sama, no longer capable of wielding the magics
he had once known, returned to hisclan only long enough
to let them know what had befallen him. From there, he
joined the newly returned Bishamonji to learn the ways
of the vampires. No longer willing to restrain himself but
still happy to serve honorable ancestors, he rose in prés-
tige among the vampires. His approach to the Second
Breath was as considered and rational as his approach to
assassination, and he progressed in his Dharma with a
rapidity that others found excessive. Their envy made
him uncomfortable, and he took two students and re-
treated to the desolation of Daisetsuzan on the northern-
most Japanese island of Hokkaido. There he trained them

ge

in the ways of assassination for thrée years. The length of
the training period has not changed, and he will not vary
it for any student. Students trying to slip away without
finishing their training do not survive their escape. Kuro-
sama has sworn that failed students would never return to
betray him again, so those students who begin their
training with him but cannot complete it meet Final
Death as painlessly as possible.

Kuro-sama isnothing ifnot practical and cold-minded.
Nothing matters to him but results. His students learnto
use every method available to attain their goals. Ghostly
informants, poisons, disguise, seduction, political intrigues,
strategy and tactics all figure into Kuro-sama's training,
and any student who leayes Daisetsuzan is well versed in
all of these. They also learn the Song of the Shadow as
well, because Kuro-sama will not teach followers of any
other Dharma, whom he describes as "too hot."

He now follows each training cycle with four years of
solitary meditation and Dharmic study. Kuro-sama's great-
est hope at this time is to reach The Hundred Clouds
before the commencement of the Sixth Age.

Tue Most Serene Brack Pear.
Mistress, Motuer of SHapows

The arhat of the Song of the Shadow Dharma has
denied the urge to leave the Middle Kingdom, and she
remains humbly among the rabble of the world,with a
small,retinue of those seeking to fine-tune their

Bone Flowers

understanding of the Dharma. It isher most exalted desire
to prevent the loss ofall knowledge and the destruction of
the family during the Sixth Age. Once that dark time
passes, many believe she will choose to rejoin the Great
Cycle once more.

She rarely speaks and only makes herself accessible to
the most worthy students of the Dharma. Even they must
find where she and her nightmare entourage (the Most
Exalted Shadow Blossom Family) have wandered. Her
words are so cloaked in riddles as to sound like madness,
though those few who understand her (or claim to) insist
that she possesses uncanny insights into everything rang-
ing from the Yama Kings to Kin-jin and the coming of the
Sixth Age.

On occasion, the Most Serene Black Pearl Mistress,
Mother of Shadows, will visit cities where the most
enlightened Bone Flowerbodhisattvas reside, and she will
humbly request an audience with them. She has been to
Chongging three times in the last 500 years, the Shaolin
Monastery twice and to Seoul once. In recent months,
rumors have circulated that the Most Exalted Shadow
Blossom Family is traveling to the Green Courts. Some
say that she wants to learn the secrets of the strange
visitors from the West herself, particularly after the recent
destruction of three bodhisattvas by an ancient Kin-jin.
The Most Serene Black Pearl Mistress, Mother of Shad-
ows, understands the forces of Yin more completely than
any other in existence, or so it is said, so why she might
seek out these strange visitors is beyond speculation.

Folklore claims that she was the daughter of a scholar
in the early Qin empire. Supposedly, she was so spoiled
that she became an embarrassment to her father, who had
her murdered, both as a means of saving face and as a ploy
for sympathy. It is said that by studying with the philoso-
pher Zhuangzi many years after her death, the Most
Serene Black Pearl Mistress, Mother of Shadows, came to
an understanding of wuwei, a philosophy of "action by
inaction" or "effortlessness" which has guided her unerr-
ingly along the path of her Dharma.

Despite her vast age, the Most Serene Black Pearl
Mistress, Mother of Shadows, resembles a beautiful girl of
16. When in the wilds, she wears little beyond clay and
ashes. When she enters populated areas, however, she
wears featureless black robes and a black broad-brimmed
hat that keeps her face in constant shadow as an act of
deference to those who have become ch' ing shih through
their devotion to the Black Metal Egg.

The Most Exalted Shadow Blossom Family is very
difficult to find: These renown Bone Flowers do not
frequent cities and trayel only.on nights of the new moon.
The entire entourage weats black silk robes and enormous
broad-brimmed hats.' They travel in complete silence.
The company comprisés between five and 10 Kuei-jin of
formidableenlightenmentand an enormousretinue of ghosts.

Feel the Cold of Yi

TT A

We hear the Quiet Song that whispers in the
blackness of Yin. We are cold, yielding and
unemotional. Our knowledge is supreme and our
powers terrifying. We see the ancestors' ghosts and
honor them. We are silent and deadly, scholar
assassins and mystics of the Yellow Springs. De
you understand our riddles? Do you fear our ways

You will

Heak thé Shadow Sor
Hungary Dead
Dharma Book: Bone Flowers is the second in the

omplete guide to playing the dark scholars of the
Kuei-jin. New rites, Disciplines and artifacts, p

ment
teachers and their secrets, this book provides everything
‘ou need to sing the Song of the Shadow

Mhakma Book;
‘4

Ing WV

© The secret methods and temples of the Dharma
¢ The Bone Flowers' plans for the West
* Conversion rules for Mind's Eye Theatre
live-action play

SS

WW2905

51495
