# File: Bone Gnawers (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Falling Down

Once upon a time, I thought I was free.

Behold the high life: One studio apartment, with bed
and kitchen table. One thirteen-inch color television,
with basic cable. One Tellus Odyssey2 video game system
(used). One coffee maker, but never enough money for
coffee. Four thin walls.

Add onanext-door neighbor witha loud stereo and bad
music. Throw in an upstairs neighbor with a loud girlfriend
and louder domestic disputes. Park a rusting junker com-
muter car across the street. That was the sum total of my
world. After dropping out of college, and living in three
states, the addresses changed, but the fundamental ingredi-
ents remained the same — variations on a theme.

How could | afford such luxury? I had a career. In fact,
Thad three: Janitor, Retail Clerk, and finally, my latest and
lowliest: Burger Czar. As far as the start of my story goes, you
can pretty much start it anywhere. Pick a day, any day. They
were all the same. For the sake of argument, start out at
O'Tolley's, my employer d'jour.

Let me set the stage for you. My morning litany went
like this. An alarm clock. Three snooze alarms. Beer cans
across the floor from the night before. Shower. Underwear.
Ramen. Soda. Television. Ironing. Dressing. Leaving. Same.
Thing. Every. Morning.

That's what my life was like for five years. Getting
dressed was the worst part — that, and having to make
ramen in the coffee maker. O'Tolley's had the humiliation

in its dress code standardized, refined toa science. Paper hat.
Black tennis shoes. Dress shirt and slacks meticulously
ironed every day — no doubt an attempt to make us look
formal, despite the stench of grease and meat that always
stuck to our clothes. And then there was the name tag:
"Hello, My Name Is Stooge." On a bad day, I'd wear my
name tag upside-down, or change my name with a label
maker, making me to be about as rebellious as the ten
thousand other fast-food employees who were doing the
exact same damn thing.

This ritual was followed by a twenty-minute com-
mute, since walking was out of the question. Ah, and then
the morning shift would begin. A glorious time when we'd
get to take shit from people who could actually afford to eat
fast food every morning. People who were better off than
we were. I couldn't afford to do that, and I worked there,
which was sick, but carefully planned by someone, some-
where. Employee discounts were the fastest way to burn
through your paycheck buying food you didn't even want
to serve to other people.

You've been to O'Tolley's, right? You know the place.
Bright yellow and green paint, along with happy cartoon
characters molded out of plastic. Maybe you even know the
job. As a person in a paper hat, an O'Tolley's employee is
legitimately qualified to receive attitude, abuse, impatience,
and arrogance from anyone who walks in the door. People
rushing to and from work know it's the one place they can

pA Bone Gnawers


treat people worse than they've been treated. It's the sort of
place where you take shit on a regular basis, and say to your
customers, every single day, "Thank you, sir," "Thank you,
sir," "Thank you, sir," while all the time, you're thinking
"Fuck you, sir, fuck you, sir, fuck you, sir."

Every day is the same, by design. Break the pattern, and
you'll lose your mind. The stench is the same every day, too.
The smell of ketchup and pepper lingers, as it doesn't
entirely wash out of your work clothes. Grease from the fry
vat, grease from the grill, and grease from reconstituted,
processed meat patties. No wonder so many O'Tolley's
grunts get permanent acne. The constant environment of
squalor is enough to help you truly enjoy a steady stream of
angst-ridden customers for eight hours — sixteen hours on
a double shift.

Every day was the same, and the nights were worse.
Eight to sixteen hours, followed by driving home. Shouting
at other cars because someone's shouted at you all day, over
and over again. Passing out on the single bed because you're
too tired to stand. The television turns on with a remote
because you're too tired to think. Cheap beer. Bad music
next door. A loud neighbor, stomping around above you
with his girlfriend upstairs — when they aren't fucking or
fighting. Intoxication. Desperation. Unconsciousness.

That was my life — up to a point. Work, purchase,
consume; work, purchase, consume. Different jobs, different
states, but the same pattern every day. Until someone or
something breaks the cycle. Or someone gets broken.

eee

Two factors break up the monotony of this cycle:
dealing with the truly psychotic customers and drinking
with my somewhat psychotic friends. While my friends and
I were getting fucked-up drunk, we'd bitch about the worst
excuses for human filth we'd deal with during the day.

Case in point: For months, I had one regular customer
who would come in every day and pay for his food in pennies
and nickels. His name was Walter, but we called him
Wimpy, as in "I'd gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger
today." Wimpy, sad fuck that he was, would beg for spare
change out on the sidewalk each morning until he had
exactly ninety-nine cents, plus tax, to pay for one O'Tolley's
double stack (extra ketchup, extra onion, extra pickle) and
one small cup of water. Same thing every day, just like me.

Picture this: Wimpy sits in a booth for precisely one
hour each day, pretending to be human. Same clothes every
day. But less of a life than me, if you can imagine that. He
would grab newspapers out of the recycling bin and read
them. No one would sit near him because of the smell. No
one would speak to him because he was bugfuck. And
whenever he said more than a few words, he'd makes this
weird sound when he cleared his throat.

Wheneverhe talks, it's about the shit he's been reading,
at least as he understands it. One day, he'll blather some-
thing about the CIA and its worldwide conspiracies. The
next day, it's about welfare reform. The next, he'll spew

some shit about someone's imported cactus that's about to
explode from the spiders breeding inside it, or about Chi-
huahuas crossbreeding with rats, or about vampires living
among us. When | mean he just talks shit, | mean it. We
would just nod and listen while we got him his burger,
waiting for him to shut the fuck up and eat.

No matter how bad my day would get, I had one
consolation: I was not Wimpy. There was a vast gulf be-
tween me and him, and | kept it that way because of the
smell. I'd pass him in the parking lot every morning, but at
least I'd drive up ina car. My clothes might have smelled like
ketchup and meat, but at least I could change them, and I
showered. But with Wimpy, it was always the same clothes,
and the same routine. He walks in. He tells me some weird-
ass bit of news while I'm counting his change. He says good-
bye when he leaves. Lord only knows where he sleeps, or
when he showers.

So every night, I'd tell my drunken friends the shit this
fuckhead would make up. And every time, it would get
worse. My friends learned to hate Wimpy almost as much as
I did. That figured. Each time I moved from one state to the
next, | had a different group of friends. When I was at
O'Tolley's, they were of the black-clad, angsty, Black Dog
Games variety. They weren't so bad, as longas you didn't ask
them about the shit they did in their games. The important
thing was that they had money for beer. And not that Old
Wisconsin shit, mind you — I'm talking about the classy
King twelve-packs.

So whenever the schedule called for two or three days
off in succession, we'd get good and drunk. Wandering the
streets drunk. Throwing glass bottles in parking lots drunk.
Looking for trouble drunk. Like the time we went bowling
in the storm tunnels, or the night we accidentally threw a
bottle through someone's windshield from that freeway
overpass. You know, the usual. Blowing off steam, feeling
like you're free of your shitty life, like you're nine feet tall
and invincible.

One night, my friends and I were out drinking and
looking for trouble, when lo and behold, we ran into
Wimpy. | don't know if he recognized me without the
official O'Tolley's dress code. He was up to his usual routine:
approaching the first drunken fool dumb enough to look
him in the eye, bumming a smoke, spewing some conspira-
torial shit, and begging for change.

Every day, for I don't know how many months, I had
been polite to this smelly piece of shit: counting his change,
handing him warm burgers when he was too dumb to
actually go to a supermarket, and listening to his whacknut
ideas. | don't remember exactly how it started, but someone
pushed somebody, and | just lost it. Before it was over,
Wimpy was down on the sidewalk getting kicked in the ribs.
You know, like by accident. Like someone else was doing it.

We were good and drunk, but there was five of us,
enough to throw him down the flight of stairs leading into

Legends of the Garou: Falling Down


~ ook
Pe
he

tai

Fi

the storm tunnel, the same one where we chucked Tim's
bowling ball into bunch of bottles that one night. The sound
of concrete smacking Wimpy's face was far more satisfying.
The sound of fists on flesh was even better. When I close my
eyes, I can still see the faces he made while he was bleeding.
I can remember the sense of joy that someone was actually
fucked more than I was, of all that rage finally venting. It all
happened naturally, like we didn't have to think much
doing it. All | could think at the time was that he'd be better
off dead, and no one would care if he were.

But the sad part is, all the way through it, Wimpy didn't
complain. It was if he expected it. He accepted it. He didn't
fight back. It even seemed like he started laughing for a
while. In my drunken state, I felt invincible again, finally
free. | heard a few bones break when he hit the cement of the
half-pipe again. After a while, he just gave up on moving,
and we ran away — just like that time on the freeway
overpass. As long as the rush of exhilaration was fresh, |
didn't have to think much about what was going on. So we
knocked down a stop sign, and pissed on someone's lawn,
and I stumbled home and fell asleep watching some old
horror film. Something with monsters.
eee

The next morning, it all started to sink in. Starting to
think meant starting to remember. It was as if someone else
had done all that shit. My head ached, and my hands shook.
It wasn't me, I thought. It was the beer. It was my friends. It's
my shitty life. The shower didn't help, and smashing the
mirror in my bathroom destroyed the last chance of getting
my security deposit back. Why would I do such a thing?

The next day, I went through the same pattern as usual.
You don't want to break the pattern, after all. You'd go crazy.
You'd start to get depressed and wind up not showing up for
work. Don't break the pattern. Throw the beer cans in the
trash. Take another shower. Underwear, coffee maker,
ramen, soda, television, ironing, and so on.

For some reason, driving to work got me all anxious.
The first hour was a bitch, taking orders for an hour and
waiting to see if Wimpy would show up. And lo and behold,
at ten o'clock, he walked straight through the door, as
though nothing had happened.

No bruises. No cuts. No limping. Instead, he just put
seventy-one pennies and seven nickels on the counter,
waited for me to count them, and asked for an O'Tolley's
double stack, as usual. Except this time, he didn't look up.
No dumb-ass remarks about government conspiracies or
urban legends. He took his food, he read his paper for about
five minutes, and he left. Weird.

eee

Like I said, one day's pretty much the same as any other,
except for the drinking, the random acts of violence, and the
rude customers. O'Tolley's likes consistency. We always
make the burgers the same way. We fill up cups with
gelatinized non-milk product the same way every day. After

Bone Gnawers

all, people don't buy our shit because it's good; they buy it
because it's consistent every time.

So the next day, we repeated the same mantra at the
cash register every day. Hostile woman with a crew cut:
"Thank you very much, ma'am." Teenage girl who wants
extra onions, and sends the food back: "Thank you very
much, ma'am." Fat bitch with two kids: "Fuck you very
much, ma'am."

That day was different.

It was a Tuesday, and I remember looking at that fat
bitch and thanking her for her order. Then I just stood there
for afew seconds, not realizing what had just happened. She
had a look on her face like I'd just slapped her. Then she
grabbed her children like they'd been violated. It took me a
few more seconds to realize what I'd been thinking, and
what I'd said. A slip of the tongue: "Fuck you very much,
ma'am." That was the last five seconds I was an employee of
the O'Tolley's corporation.

Okay, no big shock —I'd been fired before. That scene
had been played out different ways in different jobs before.
This time, the assistant manager came over to apologize to
the customer and offer her some free food. He apologized to
the kids and gave them some little plastic toys — you know,
that cheap-ass shit they know is a choking hazard, but put in
the bags anyway ‘cause it's cost-effective. Then he turns to
me and tells me to go home.

So I'm on my way out the door, making a scene of it,
like I'm all rebellious and defiant. The paper hat goes in the
trash. Asa disgruntled employee, I pick up speed, ready to
kick the door open. I rip my name badge off my shirt,
getting all dramatic as I'm storming out the door, getting
ready to kick it open. Then I turn to see the looks on
everyone's faces. Hostile woman. Picky teenage girl. Fat
bitch and her two brats. And Wimpy. I stop in my tracks
as he looks at me and smiles. He just stands there, smiling.
Then I slowly walk to the car.

eee

If there's one thing worse than working at a shithole
like O'Tolley's, it's hunting for a job. You've got all the time
in the world, but the clock's ticking. See, in every apartment
complex I've had, they needed a first and last month's rent.
And if you don't get that rent check in by the time that last
month is up, you're fucked. Sometimes I'd hit Mom up for a
loan. Once I borrowed it from a friend. One time I even got
a cash advance on my 18% interest credit card. Dumbest
mistake I ever made — took over a year to pay that off.

So, [knew [had exactly one month to find another job
before my rent ran out. It's not like you can save a lot of
money working at a place like O'Tolley's, after all. And it's
not like I wanted the humiliation of hitting my parents up
for money again. Make that parent — my dad left Mom a
while back. No grief for me, since all I remember is
someone who was tall, drunk, and violent. My stepdad, on
the other hand, was just an asshole who looked down on


me for working so many shit jobs. So this time, I thought,
I'd handle it on my own.

I set into the pattern again, going through my routine
like it was the only thing separating me from a sad fuck like
Wimpy. Alarm clock. Three snooze alarms. Each morning,
I'd iron my clothes, getting ready to go out job-hunting.
Each day, I'd eat my ration of macaroni and ramen, hoping
the food wouldn't run out. And each night, my friends
were nice enough to hook me up with a can or two of beer.
By dark-thirty, I'd stumble home drunk after wandering
through the streets.

Until the food ran out. Until my time ran out.

eee

Flash forward one month later. There I was, at the same
place I had been so many times before: broke and desperate.
There's a reason why | don't have a lot of stuff in my
apartment. Sometimes you've got to pack up fast. When
you've had my luck, you don't stay in one place for long.
Everything needs to fit in the trunk of the car.

This time around, though, my luck was a bit worse. I
didn't have the gas money to drive to another city. I didn't
have the leads to find another job, even a shit job. And my
friends, who had so dutifully supplied me with beer for a
month, were starting to make jokes about me being a sponge.
Noone was going to let me sleep on his couch without giving
me shit. So that time, I decided to sleep in my car, at least
for a few days. At least I could keep the car.

The back seat folded out enough for me to lie down with
a blanket. With the windows cranked up, it wasn't too cold.
I even thought it would be funny to park over by the storm
tunnel. Maybe get in some bowling again. And after that

incident that one night, no one wanted to show up in that
neighborhood late at night. Besides, it was a short walk to

a friend's house, where I could sit in on their gaming

group, ask to use their shower, and pretend like
nothing had changed.
After that point, everything would change.
eee

One Wednesday night, I was hanging out with

my friends, watching them play their bullshit game.

They were pretending they were ghosts, or revenants,

or whatever the fuck they called them, and I was

going out of my fucking mind with boredom. So, after

[had sponged some food off them, I told them I was going

home early. They had learned not to ask me about job-

hunting, and they hadn't expressed any interest in finding
out where I was living at the time.

So I was walking home that night, clutching a bag of
chips under my arm, when I saw Wimpy again. Lo and
behold. Now, there are enough homeless people near where
L used to live that I knew what do. Don't look them in the
eye. Don't give them a damn thing. Don't even listen to
what they say. So that was exactly what I was doing when I
walked by Wimpy, just as he was muttering shit again.

Just as he pushed me.


I could count the heartbeats, 'cause about ten went by
real fast. That gave him enough time to push me again. He
just cleared his throat, with that weird-ass growling sound,
and pushed me again. I dropped the crap | was carrying and
got ready to kick some ass. Instead, he kicked me over to the
top of the stairs. Bitch was stronger than | thought.

Fighting is different when you're sober. You keep want-
ing to think, and you don't want to act on instinct. And it's
over faster than you think. So without the deadening buffer
of shitty beer, when you're lying down at the bottom of a
flight of stairs, face down in a storm tunnel, it hurts like a
son-of-a-bitch. I thought back to the time I was drunk,
watching Wimpy lying down there, and | understood why
he didn't move much after my friends pushed him down the
stairs. Okay, after | pushed him down. Suddenly, I was
thinking real clearly. Clearer than I'd thought in a long
time. Thinking I was in deep shit.

Wimpy came tearing down the stairs, but I can't re-
member exactly what he looked like. Maybe was a bit taller,
or maybe he was a bit stronger, or maybe he just reminded
me of my dad looked like right before he'd hit me, back
before he left. I remember bits and pieces. | remember how
close I was to shitting myself. | remember being so terrified
I couldn't move. And I remember how everything changed.
Him. Me. Everything.

A few more kicks broke a few more ribs. Then I realized
what was going on. Wimpy really was taller. Wimpy really
was stronger. And I could finally see him for what he really
was. Under the dirty clothes, he had some muscle. There was
blood, and grime, and hair, and sweat. There was a reason he
could fall down the stairs and not get bruised up. There was
a reason he could survive on the streets, what with all the
violence and assholes like me and my friends. Like he wasn't
what he seemed. Like he wasn't human.

No matter how humiliating my job had been, it was
nothing compared to kneeling down in the storm tunnel,
bruised and bloody. Struggling to get up, I screamed in pain
as he kicked me in the ribs again. The sounds of fists on flesh
echoed down the tunnel unanswered, now that my friends
were far away. The homeless fucker fought like a wild
animal, with teeth and claws. That's the part I won't forget.
I remember teeth and claws and the color of my own blood.
Like a horror film. Something with monsters.

And me? I stayed on my knees and took it, until I
couldn't take it anymore. Tried to cover my face. Went into
a fetal position for a while. I begged, and pleaded, and
whined, and got down on all fours, like a fucking animal.
swear, the bastard used his goddamn teeth, and when he
finally clamped down on my throat, I just stopped moving,
just about passing out. He dropped me to the concrete,
looked around, grabbed my arms, and started dragging me
away, into the shadows.

The part of the storm tunnel where he slept smelled
awful. And while I sat ina pile of damp cardboard, catching
my breath, he started talking again. And I started to listen,
listen to the Truth. About why he came to the O'Tolley's
where I worked every day. How he found me. Why my dad
probably left, and what he probably was. Why I could look
him in the eye and see him for who he really was.

Why I was Kinfolk, and pretending to be human.

Behold the low life: A car parked in an abandoned lot.
One suitcase of clothes. No television. No cable. No Tellus
video games. No schedule. And no more goddamn all-night
drinking binges. Picture a stairway leading down into a
storm tunnel, the place where Wimpy sleeps, and where no
one fucks with him anymore without getting payback.

Iknow the distance between a guy like me and someone
like Wimpy. It's exactly one month's rent and a flight of
stairs. A few hundred bucks would have kept me off the
street, and kept me in those four thin walls. Kept me good
and drunk, too stuck in a pattern to see the world as it really
was. Kept me from falling down.

There was a time when I thought I was free. Now I am.
I don't live in that shitty apartment anymore. | still sleep in
my car, and I actually like it. | don't work at that shitty job
anymore. My friends don't talk to me much, 'cause I'm still
sponging money off people, but it's more honest than giving
their money to O'Tolley's.

Andevery morning, I go back to that same O'Tolley's,
put ninety-nine cents plus tax on the table, and ask for a
double burger. It's a short walk back to the tunnel, where
Walter tells me about stuff, tells me the Truth. I treat him
like family now, because I don't want to go back to what
I was. And when I hand him his burger, he makes it a
point to smile and say, "Thank you very much, sir. Fuck
you very much."

Bone Gnawers


: Bow Crsmecs
| :
|

Br MPR XN

By
WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN » AGEN
RE SEES OE NY


a

a OA"
Codie

Author: Brian Campbell. Werewolf and the World of
Darkness created by Mark Rein® Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Andrew Bates, Steve Prescott, Jeff Rebner, Ron
Spencer,

Cover Art: Steve Prescott and Sherilyn Van
Valkenburgh

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

a

Cort/ng Joon for Werewoff..

eT

=e a!

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
p SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the
Great War, Trinity, Werewolf Players Guide and Tribebook Bone Gnawers are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not achallenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN THE USA.

: —__—,

Bone Gnawers

ieee:


IL

a
a fb ee. O Ort:
| one onrmeas
|

Legend of the Garou: Fibng Down

Dapper Ti: 0 the Chackt (Sockafy)

apter Three: hidden Stvengfle (Dharacter Cheafion)
Dapper Four: Survivors (Templates Piercat)

Contents

\ \ Stee

LO
BO
2
SS



If I ever get my hands on a dollar again
I'm gonna hold on to it 'til the eagle grins

— Bessie Smith, "Nobody Knows You
When You're Down and Out"

The fo Kil

"DAMN, IT'S COLD.

"Pass me a bottle, and I'll tell you.a story. Which one would
you like? A saga of great heroes? An epic of tribal history? Or
maybe the reason we're freezing our asses off in this damn parking
lot, eh? Tell you what —I'll tell'em all. Give your old granddad
ahit of that hooch, and I'll tell ya about the world. We' ve got some
time to kill, so I've got a tale to tell."

An Etter Coke Drank on Uistory

An old man in a tattered coat stands in front of a steel drum
fire. A bottle of brackish fluid sloshes as he gestures with his hands.
His face is worn and wrinkled, bearing testimony to a lifetime of
pain. Gathered around the fire, a pack of younger men and women
warm their hands, stomp their feet, and glare at anyone foolish
enough to pass by. It's another night in the life of Rat's brood.

Visitors are few and far between here. Anger and desperation
are thick in the winter air, discouraging passers-by from looking too
closely. Old Man O'Reilly holds his bottle like a Native American
"speaking stick." He clears his throat, hacks up amonstrous cough,
and fills the air with his suddenly resonant voice.

First off, let's be honest — no one really knows the
ancient stories. None of us were there, so let's not fool

Chanpter One: The Bad Old Days

. i iio

ourselves. [am not the man yousee. I am of an ancient tribe,
the guardian of forgotten stories, and a friend to rats every-
where. I have spoken to the ancient gods, danced on the
moon, and fully intend to save the world. In other words, I
know all about people fooling themselves.

You're not looking at me like I'm insane, so I can tell
you're all my brothers and sisters. Some of you are flaring your
nostrils now, trying to pick up my scent. Well, can smell you,
too, and I know who you are. I know what you are. You're
mystics and madmen, shapeshifters and warriors. Pass the
bottle around. We're all brothers here.

I have spoken to the other mystics of the great tribes. I've
enacted sacred rituals with madmen who scream at thunder-
storms, wise women who chase after Pegasus, heroes who bleed
for Fenris wolf, and rich men who kneel before cockroaches —
I'll tell ya, you're better off sleeping with rats. But for all their
madness, they've got an advantage we don't: their greatest
heroes can channel the memories of their many-times great-
grandparents. We can't. They can summon up the strength of
the ancestors and relive the greatest moments of their history,
but] sure as hell can't. Hell, Idon'teven know who my ancestors
are. That means all the other high priests are living in the past,

1

a,

ff SD EE FTE USL. TA TEPER, TE AEE COE SI EE ALTE ETE,

justifying who there are by their line and lineage. I only know
the here and now. For instance, right now, I'm freezing.

Evenamong.us old folks, few of our tribal elders can recite
their entire lineage. Most can't remember their history past
their parents. And then there are those who don't even know
who their real parents are, or won't tell, or don't care. Let me
tell you something: It really doesn't matter. Where did we
come from? I can tell you where we're going. Brothers and
sisters, the world is going STRAIGHT to HELL! Don't count
on your cubs getting adamn thing when you're dead and gone.
We are the last, true generation of warriors.

If you've got sins to repent for, you better starting
praying to Gaia now, 'cause there ain't much time left. Look
into the skies at night with your true sight, and you'll see the
Eye of the Wyrm glaring down from the heavens. Listen to
the word on the street, and you'll hear the damnedest things:
the signs of the End Times all around us, children. You
mightas well listen to the tales of the past, ‘cause if you don't
understand them, you won't have no future. None of us will.

The Defamer

We don't really know much, but I'll tell you what I got
figured out, children. I got an idea who we are now, but I'm
still guessing where we're from. In fact, | don't really think
we're "from" anywhere. I've heard Furies blather about
Ancient Greece, Fianna regale me with tales of the Celtic
north, and Striders moan about the fabled land of Khem, but

we've lost touch with our ancestors, so we're just pissing in

the dark. My best guess is that we're from all over. We aren't
so much a lineage as an idea: If Gaia made you Garou, you're
good enough to join our tribe.

Let me spell it out for you: I don't care where you came
from, where your ancestors came from, or who your parents
were. When you went through your First Change, you left all
that behind you. You gave up your name. You left your
home. You broke all your ties to the human world. That's the
way it should be. It wasn't just your flesh that changed — you
changed. When you joined us, you set aside all that crap
about tribes and politics. You decided to be a brother, a
sister, a part of our family. That's good enough for me.

The fire in this trash can's good and warm, and it's
gonna take us a long time to work through this bottle of
spirits. You aren't foolish enough to go looking for trouble,
so you might as well pass the time with us. Stories work as
well as anything else, so before our time on this glorious
world runs out, we might as well set the record straight.
Mother Rat has seen to our safety; I've seen to your survival.
Feel free to take a sip of wine, and a bit of stew — my pot only
has macaroni and cardboard, but everyone here's gotta eat.

One more thing: | ain't gonna tell you some load of
malarkey about how we saved the world or changed all of
history. We're brothers and sisters here, not some secret
society that's been putting events in motion since the dawn
of time. That's bullshit. We never made history; we just
survived it. Maybe there's been a few times when we've had

12 Bone Gnawers

J

ER ey,

L


a few faces in the crowd, inciting people when they booze up
and riot, but it's idiotic to take credit for that. People start
revolutions; we just give them a push in the right direction.

We have gathered here for a tribal moot, and as the elder
Galliard of the tribe, I've chosen a Recitation for this month.
You know the rite, and I see enough storytellers here to know
we can pull it off. For the rest of you, listen up! You'll learn
about who youare. I'm talking about our shared history. Some
of you had other ideas for the moot this month — another
revel through the spirit world, perhaps, or some damn fool
Ragabash scavenger hunt. But we gather here to remember
why we're a tribe, and |'m not gonna let you forget it. Let's take
it from the top. Or in our case, let's start at the bottom.

The Lowett of fe Low

Long before the Impergium, from the moment the
Goddess first breathed life into the world, there's beena food
chain. Human beings spent thousands of years struggling
their way up it. Wolves and other predators have always
been near the top of it. And scraping along near the bottom
of it, there's been scavengers — jackals, hyenas, crows,
buzzards, and, as you'd expect, folks like us.

Garou first found wisdom by watching the natural
world. Long before the Silver Fangs started lording their
authority over everyone else, their ancestors marveled at the
falcon's imperious majesty, so they learned their Gifts from
Gaia's falcon-spirits. Before the Shadow Lords started be-
traying each other, proud Garou on the craggy peaks of the
Carpathians reveled in the thunderstorms, worshipping the
might of Grandfather Thunder.

And then there were the outcasts, the exiles, the sickly,
poor and suffering. They had to scavenge to survive, so they
learned by watching the scavengers. Gaia, inher mercy, sent
spirits to watch over the least and the lowliest — rat-spirits,
carrion-crows, jackal-spirits, and a host of lesser creatures —
so that the weakest Garou would have a fighting chance to
live. And what did they learn? Same things we know today.
The strong learn to strike first. The cunning learn to let
them. And even the weakest never give up.

The Earth Mother gave us the power of the Changing
Ways so we could walk among men and run with the wolves.
We never really belonged in either world, but the Earth
Mother created us to watch over her children, both the
humans on two legs and the wolves on four. Other tribes will
tell you about the time when Garou heroes ruled the human

At tribal moots, different auspices host different tribal
activities. When the Ahroun leada tribal moot, Garouusually
go hunting: stalking spirits in the Umbra or tracking Wyrm-
spawn in the physical world. Theurges lead tribal rites hidden
from other werewolves. Ragabash organize everyone into fun
and games. And when Galliards aren't staging performances
and musical revels at tribal moots, they invite their audiences
to listen to stories that relate to current problems, reciting the
history of a tribal protectorate or the nearest sept.

A Recitation isan elaborate version of this storytelling
tradition. The eldest Galliard kicks it off, but he expects
other Garou to jump inas the spirit takes them. Any Garou
known for her talent for talespinning or her gift for
storytelling (that is, with either Expression or Perfor-
mance) may be called upon to participate, regardless of
auspice. The eldest Galliard sets the tone for the evening by
choosing a subject, such as great battles, renowned heroes,
or, if many young cliath are present, the history of the tribe.

Traditionally, elders preached history to their cubs in
years past — after all, it used to be a sure guarantee that a
cub would join the same tribe as his Garou mother or father.
Elders would mentor cubs about tribal history before their
Rites of Passage, or enough to indoctrinate them in the
tribe's agenda, but along the way, a great deal of truth and
perspective was lost. As more cubs began to defy their
lineages and destinies, petitioning different tribes to adopt
them, they grew up without properly learning about their
tribal heritage — thus the need for Recitations.

Ructtaftions and Tétthwowlat

Other tribes have elaborate traditions of etiquette and
protocol for conducting a Recitation. Most are carefully
planned beforehand. Fenrir typically have to growl and stare
down a boring Galliard to get their turn, while Silver Fangs
wouldn't dare interrupt a Garou of greater renown. Ina Bone
Gnawer Recitation, on the other hand, anyone can jump
into a Recitation at any time, regardless of rank or renown.
Even an elder who's respected for a lifetime of accomplish-
mentcan be interrupted byacliath fresh from his passage rite.

Testimoniesarea variant of this cultural tradition, usually
based around knowledge or legend. For instance, if the Bone
Gnawers are having problems with a local vampire, followers
of the tribe are asked to testify what they know about Leeches.
This is not only a rapid way for cubs to learn about the
supernatural, but also a damn fine source of entertainment on
long, coldnights. The eldest Galliard still starts offthe evening's
Testimony, but Bone Gnawer Theurges have been known to
put all the spirit of an old fashioned revival into the event,
urging everyone to share what they know. ( "Testify, brother!")

A few other supernatural societies with oral histories
and urban legends share the same traditions. Nosferatu
vampires have similar gatherings, enacted at so-called
"Hostings." Followers of the Rat God may be invited to a
Ratkin Recitation, a cautious affair where wererats trade
stories through carefully balanced rules of barter. No
matter who's involved, most Bone Gnawers prefer a
raucous recitation to a more traditional gathering. The
chance to share what you have with your community is far
more fun than listening to an elder say, "Listen, cub!"

Chanpter One: The Bad Ofd Days

ee

3

NS

|

Seer eran sera caren areca arr cr Sa rem naerenamnerenas

race, but our kind had a different view. We didn't scream our
fury from the mountaintops. No matter who was in power,
we were always down on our bellies, trying not to snarl at the
tyrants who forced humanity into servitude.

Every other tribe has a glorious origin, a history of why
they're Gaia's chosen. We don't. You won't find us in our tribal
homelands when the Apocalypse comes; instead, you'll find us
everywhere. Wherever Garou shame their weakest, or cast out
their lowliest, or look for someone to kick around, there's a
chance that poor fool is fated to become a Bone Gnawer.

The words "bone gnawer" started out as an insult, one
that's been used since the dawn of the Impergium. The name
of our tribe is actually one of the oldest known words in the
Garou language. Not surprisingly, the Garou High Tongue
is excellent at describing nuances of shame, dishonor, and
taint — the words for "tainted one" (urrah) and "Wyrm-
tainted" (ikthya) are only slightly older.

During the Impergium, proclaiming someone a "bone
gnawer" crippled whatever respect or privilege he once had.
Even then, the greatest in station gained the first share of
any kill; the lowest in station gnawed the carcass that
remained. If the wolf wanted to remain with the pack, he
had to endure some piss-poor treatment. That's always been
in our blood. Because we know the ways of the wolves,
acknowledging power and authority is a matter of instinct,
one that's hard to shake...until you've been pushed too far.

We knew our place. In the time of the tyrants, we knew
when to bow our heads. But in times of war, we also knew the
glory of battle. The Bone Gnawers weren't cowards then.
Once, we were warriors. Long ago, when werewolvescharged
into battle, we were heroes. Far from the battle, the most
renowned Garou — the Silver Fangs and Shadow Lords of
the Impergium — fought tooth and claw among themselves
for the chance to lead. While they bickered and fought for
their personal glory, we had a far more honorable place:
down on the battlefield, at the vanguard of Gaia's army. The
elders treated us like we were expendable, as shock troops for
Gaia and Garou. We didn't care. The war chiefs fought for
their own glory, but we fought for the glorious rush of battle.

If you've lived it, you know it: charging towards the enemy
with your pack surrounding you; wading through blood; feast-
ing on the flesh of your foes; overwhelming all opposition with
undeniable strength. Before great battles, our war chiefs and
glorious leaders would humble themselves before Falcon or
Thunder, but before the lowliest charged into battle, we prayed
to Rat, our totem of war. He gave us our feral strength, our
desperate energy, and the indomitable spirit of the swarm. No
one remembered our names — only that we fought and died
like Garou. If a cub didn't have the lineage to become a great
hero, Rat still valued his teeth and claws.

As a result, there was a time when our Ahroun were
legendary. We were renowned, but more than that, we were
ruthless. In skirmishes no hero would dare charge intoalone,
the Bone Gnawers would send in wave after wave of warriors
to wear our enemies into submission. That's the way it is
today: If Fenrir's wolves can't do it, if a mind-addled Silver

14
————_——,

Fang can't survive it, then it's time to send in a swarm of rats.
When Rat's children fight, we're part of something greater.
In dreams, I know that I have lived it before. And when the
Apocalypse comes, I know that we will live it again.

The Concord

As you've no doubt heard, the human race didn't react all
that well to the Impergium, seeing as how werewolves hunted
them, throated them, bred with them and even enslaved them.
As amazing as it may seem, humanity was once treated worse
than we were. Afterall the humans had been thoroughly forced
intosubmission, the most renowned werewolvesstarted slaugh-
tering anyone who didn't acknowledge their glory — begin-
ning with the other shapeshifters in the world. When the great
wars against the Fera began, the world was awash in blood.

The humans suffered the most during the War of Rage,
filled with fear at the open violence they saw, so as the great
Garou heroes were obsessed with proving their might, the
lowly humans formed their own tribes. Not a bad idea, eh?
Guarding themselves against monsters in the night, they
rejected the tyranny of the Garou. The same humans we
thought we were protecting started to fight back. Anda pack
of the most renowned werewolf elders skulked off to bitch,
whine, moan and plot revenge.

Oh, the Garou were pissed. That's an understatement.
Some Garou, mostly the wolves who later become the Get,
wanted to throat the humans in war, while the would-be Red
Talons just wanted to wipe the fuckers out. The Silver Fangs
couldn't understand why the humans wouldn't submit any-
more, and the Shadow Lords just nodded while they plotted
and schemed with the other tribes. Oh, and those simpering
soon-to-be Children of Gaia made some noise about peace,
but no one gave a shit about that anymore. The ideas about
that one issue — what the hell to do about the human race's
rebellion — defined us as tribes as much as anything else.

No matter what our feeding habits might have been
beforehand, no one really formally called us a "tribe" of Bone
Gnawers until that grand event. For the benefit of our cliath
present, that was the Concord: the gathering where we
formed the Western Concordiat and recognized sixteen tribes
of Garou. That was when the Galliards and Philodox sang the
Litany for the first time. You've heard this part, right? Then
the tribes fought, struggled, connived, and betrayed each
other until they arrived at the final part of the Concord: the
agreement to allow mankind to develop its own civilization.
We were supposed to create our Concordiat away from
humanity, right? You've probably heard that last part wrong.

That one issue was the most important part of the
Concord, the real sticking point. Most of the long-bearded
elders said that humanity had to have the freedom to tule its
own world, instead of being dominated by the Garou. That
way, the two races could live in peace. Quite generous of them
to say that, seeing as how the human race was warring with us
at the time. It seemed like a simple concept, but not all of us
saw eye to eye on it. For one thing, some of us were down on
our bellies at the time. Nonetheless, the Garou must have

Bone Gnawers

Se


|

done something right. The Earth Mother eventually showed
her approval by gifting us with the Delirium — if you can call
it a gift — and we've been hiding behind the Veil ever since.

The Urabe

The idea that humans shouldn't be treated like sheep was
rather novel, but we still had a responsibility to Gaia, a duty to
watch over mankind. Back then, some of usstill feltan obligation
to protect the human race, and we knew the only way to really
do that was to live among them. Long ago, the human race was
worth protecting. Now, I'm not so sure. Anyway, two tribes took
to that idea far more than any other. The Glass Walkers, or
whatever the hell they called themselves back then before there
was any such thing as glass, didn't have much trouble getting
recognized asa tribe. They could recite their lineage, took credit
for a hell of a lot, and properly approached the high muckety-
mucks with their smooth-talking, pure-bred Philodox emissar-
ies. Their carefully crafted gifts weren't too shabby, either.

The way I heard it, there was this other group that didn't
care much for the Concord either, largely because it screwed
them over. They had discovered how much easier it was to
avoid starving to death by living among the humans, oractually
working with them, feeding off what they farmed and slaugh-
tered. These skulking, scraping, cowering scavengers pledged
touphold the Litany and preserve the Veil andall that, but they
weren'tabout to leave the cities. They wanted to stay involved,
if only to fill their own bellies. Many of them were dependent
onthe humans forsurvival, but more importantly, they actually
gave adamn about them. You know who I'm talking about: us.

The idea didn't go over that well. Because we lived so
close to human cities, we were considered tainted by them —
that's how we became "urrah." The greatest in station reviled
us. The Silver Fang nobles who had just spent Goddess knows
how long proving how superior they were threatened us with
exile. The Shadow Lords actually kept them from doingit, but

el think it was only because it pissed off the Fangs so much.

By that time, anyone who held with this idea was shamed,
ormore precisely, "tainted," because of their insistence of siding
with the rebellioushumans. As the tale goes, there were enough
of these dropouts to form their own tribe. The same lowly
Garou who swarmed with them in battle stood beside them at
the Concord. And these mavericks, the lowest in station, the
bastards who actually stood up to the grand high muckety-
mucks, were so reviled that they were shamed forever. We
became an entire tribe of Bone Gnawers right then and there.

Cool story, huh? Is it true? Who cares? It's ancient
history. And it's long enough for us to finish another one of
these lovely bottles off. Someone fetch me another one,
okay? And recycle the goddamn bottle this time, all right?
Don't look at me that way. That's the story as it was told to
me —some of us believe it, and some of us don't. When you
get to be my age, you can make up your own damn story.

Anche Fhitfory

So there we were, stalking through mankind's thriving
little villages. Humans got civilized, and we reaped the

Chanpter One: The Bad Ofd Days

elemental

benefits. They built shelters, and we often slept in them.
They farmed and gathered their food in safe places, and we
raided them. Most of the time, we were just content to live
among them, marveling at their industry.

And while this went on, we saw stranger things around
their cities in the spirit world: the spirits of the Weaver in
numbers we had never seen before. A certain other tribe got
pretty fascinated by them, but Rat got a bit nervous when-
ever so many of the Weaver's Gafflings got together. Hu-
mans started accumulating stuff, setting schedules, making
things they needed and collecting trinkets they didn't. And
the Weaver's webs started gathering around him.

As far as we can tell, as far back as you can trace cities,
you'll find Bone Gnawers. You'll find Glass Walkers too, of
course, in one form or another, whether you call them
Warders of Men or Iron Riders, or whatever. Itnever changes.
They trust the Weaver enough to benefit from her creations.
Rat's children keep fighting to make sure they aren't trapped
in them. They live near the top of society, drawn to wealth
and power; we live near the bottom. Their kind has always
loved human culture, but we never really took to it. Some-
thing wild within us could never be tamed. For some reason,
other Garou seem to speak of our two tribes in the same
sentence, but just as the Walkers have always loved the
Weaver, we've hated her with just as much passion.

Anchent CUF

Our views on the Concord didn't change, so in places
where the other tribes were strongest, we still skulked in shame.
Take Egypt, for example: the homeland of the Silent Striders.
They were awfully protective of their homelands. That was
before they started wandering the world, back when they were
really tight with their Kinfolk. The way I heard it, they had
some strange and powerful allies — mummies or such — and
we didn't care much for that kind of alliance. The Striders tend
to keep real quiet about the whole thing, probably to cover the
fact that they don't really understand their past.

Some folks will tell you our tribe also had Kinfolk
nearby, in our glorious lost homeland. Let me tell you, when
someone offers to feed you for a good story, you'll say just
about anything. The same legends talk about a great curse
that forced the Garou to leave that part of the world.

No one passed through Northern Africa without the
Striders knowing about it. But if you underwent the First
Change there, and your blood wasn't pure enough to be-
come one of Khem's finest, then the protectorate didn't
want you. Oddly enough, we recruited a lot of brothers and
sisters from the Garou who fled. That leads to the story of
how an Egyptian pharaoh forced the first great Exodus...

Avert Voter, Anctent Ways

"SHUT THE HELL UP! YOU DON'T KNOW SHIT.
You're telling it all wrong. We had our own land, and our Kinfolk,
too. No wonder we're dying out, with so many of us being damn
ignorant. Like you, you old fool. Give me that bottle of rotgut!"

15)
aN

pS TE TT EDD IESE. ERs ES, TOE EN EAA ON ED A ETE PORE T

SR EE FUE POSES ALTAR SOC PR aCe EL

With one fluid motion, the old man's challenger grabs the
bottle and tosses it across the parking lot. Glass explodes, spraying
intoxicating liquid across a pile of rubble. A few listeners flinch.
The youngman turns. No one dares to meet his gaze. No one sees
the look on his face, the color of his skin, or the anger in his eyes.
The pack is of one mind now.

The new alpha raises his arms. The wind is biting cold, but
Teeth-of-the-Jackal stands before the fire in a T-shirt and a worn
pair of jeans. It's freezing outside , but he's burning with rage. No
one dares to stare too closely at his sores—his deformities are the
reason he can shake off such brutal cold so quickly. He's metis,
and he's not afraid to show it. In Homid form, he heals the pain
of the cold again and again, but the pain in his eyes won't fade.

Some of the other Garou say the Bone Gnawer tribe came
together out of convenience. That's crap. Some wolves will
treat you like shit because it's supposed to be your place in life,
or because we don't have their breeding. That's bullshit. The
big difference between them and us is that we're more open-
minded. What the other wolves cast out, we take in. That's why
we're so spread out and the Silver Fangs are so inbred — we
believe in widening the gene pool. Never thought of us that way
before, did you? We're not cursed. We're blessed.

More importantly, we're Garou. We're supposed to be
on the same side, but all of the tribes are bickering over crap:
politics and breeding and ancestry, like that shit about the
Concord I keep hearing over and over. Who gives a fuck?
The world's dying. The other tribes keep the Bone Gnawers
shut out because we're homeless, because it seems like our
whole tribe never had a home. Sctew it. It's a lie.

Our tribe came from all over the world, but before the
Concord, our tribe had a home. Since the dawn of time, the
largest gathering of Bone Gnawers was in Northern Africa.
Maybe those Garou weren't formally a tribe yet, but that part
of the world had dozens of Bone Gnawer septs, long before
Khem or Carthage, or the fucking Concord. And that was long
before anyone could revile us as a tribe of scavenging losers.

We had culture. We had pride. The one thing we didn't
have was enough wolves, so were a "homid" tribe. And just
as you'd expect, the other Garou hated us for that, too. Since
then, our Kinfolk have spread out across the world, spawn-
ing bastard children, but if we hadn't lost our heritage, we
could trace it right back there, to our tribal homelands. You
want to know how we lost them? That's a hell of a story.

How do I know? Okay, so maybe I wasn't there, but I
know the spirits were. I speak with them the same way my
ancestors did. Any good street shaman knows the ancient
totems. Outcasts all over the world know about Mother Rat,
and even during the Impergium, there were plenty of Garou
with an affinity to rats, the Rat Totem, and his feral
children, the Ratkin. But we've neglected the true totems.
There was a time when we ran with other scavengers —
jackals, crows, and hyenas—so we spoke with the scavenger
totems for guidance. And mark my words: Now that the End
Times are here, the scavenger totems are coming back into
the world, bringing the old stories with them. Stories Mr.
Galliard here don't know jack about. Now, where were we?

16
a

A Sackal Tide of Anotert tom

Brothers and sisters, after the Concord, we had some
powerful neighbors to the east: the Silent Striders. They may
have looked down on us, since we fed on the dead to survive,
but we got along well enough. Our cousins to the east had their
own pantheon of totems, Incarnae tied to the Egyptian gods.

If you talk to a really religious Strider, he'll confirm it.
They'll tell you the old stories about Anubis, Horus, and even
crusty old reptilian Sebek. It was an age of gods, and men who
walked as gods. I'm talkin' about the two immortals who walked
among them. Set and Osiris. Bloodsuckers. Freaks. Leeches.
Pale-skinned, night-stalking, blood-draining vampires.

The Striders had an all-out holy war against Set. See, he
laid claim to all of Northern Egypt, and as part of it, he sired
a whole "bloodline" of undead minions to help him keep it.
And then there was his daddy, Apophis, the Corrupter, who
stank of the Wyrm, and left the Serpent's stench wherever he
helped Set in his unholy crusade. The whole kingdom reeked
of the Wyrm's corruption, so the Striders kept hunting Set's
children again and again. You might be wondering what this
has. to do with us, so I'll cut to the chase. Whenever the
Striders got their asses kicked, they were desperate enough to
come to us for help. They'd send one of their swift messengers
with a really polite invitation to help them fight the Wyrm.

Back when we lived in the wild, the Bone Gnawers also
followed ancient gods and ancient ways — ways that have
been forgotten, and ways that are returning. The scavenger
totems led us to carrion, watched over us, and protected us.
We left our sacrifices of bone and meat to their guardian
spirits. In Africa, Jackal held power. In any tribal caern, you
could be fairly sure that the sept leader would follow Jackal,
while the elders would bow their heads, giving benedictions
to Crow. The Ragabash made their pacts with Hyena, and
the rabble that gathered only to feed followed the ways of
Rat. After all, Rat is worshipped everywhere.

When the Silent Striders were desperate enough to beg
other Garou for help—or even worse, the Bone Gnawers —
most responded just like you'd expect. Jackal's children were
delighted to benefit from a war with the Wyrm, as long as
someone else struck the first blow and stood out in front.
Crow's children were content to follow the leaders of the
tribe, as long as it served their needs. Hyena's children just
laughed at the fate of the poor Striders. And Rat's brood?
Momma Rat's children stayed out of the whole damn mess.

Even back then, we knew the score. People came to us
for help, and when they got it, they'd casually consider
fucking us over. That's the story of our people. That's our
whole history, right there. We'll squabble among ourselves
when times get rough — when you can't trust nobody but
yourself — but we've got good reasons to be skeptical of
anyone else. Stand by your tribe, and trust your alpha, and
you won't have to go through what Jackal's children did.

So anyway, there we were. There's the Striders, bowing
effusively in front of our septs and asking for our aid. It was a
nice gesture, wanting the Bone Gnawers to sacrifice their

Bone Gnawers

25s eeeinmeaieimms


.

lives for the Striders' little crusade, but it had a few problems.
First, the Bone Gnawers weren't as organized as the other
tribes — never have been, never will be. The tribe treated
everyoné as more or less equal, despite the differences over
religion. Since we lived as scavengers, our protectorates were
big enough where we could wander. The septs kept moving
wherever food was up for grabs. So oddly enough, many of the
Garou in a sept never stayed close to the heart of the nearest
caern. Sound familiar? The tribe's the same way today.

And even if we could have called in all our kin to help
right then and there, can you really blame the children of Rat
for not answering the call? I mean, fighting the Wyrm is a
noble cause, but we're talking about fighting a god. Set was
one badass, immortal, tear-your-heart-out-and-sacrifice-it-
to-the-lords-of-darkness motherfucker. So add on a second
reason Rat's children didn't get involved: they weren't stupid.

Jackal's children saw things differently. Some of the
Striders worshipped Jackal, too. They just knew him in a
different aspect: jackal-headed Anubis. In our tribe, Jackal's
kids were the sort who watched over our caerns, so they at
least listened long enough to hear the Strider's point of view.
Strider Galliards told stories about Ptah bringing the force
of the Wyld into the world, about the Modeler and Maat and
their obsesssion with justice, and Apophis, the Corrupter,
the tool of the Wyrm. It took a bit of work, but some of the
Jackals were sold on the idea of their totem's role in all of
this. More importantly, Jackal's ambitious children saw a
way to gain respect again, so they fought beside the Striders.

Chanpter One: The Bad Ofd Days

CL

And guess what? They lost. Bigtime.

The Striders weren't doing too well, and when they
couldn't get help from enough Bone Gnawers, they lost. Set
threw everything he had at the Striders, and the Silent Striders
lost Khem forever. He spread his corruption as the kingdom of
Egypt descended into darkness, and the Striders ran away with
their tails between their legs. Lo and behold if they ain't been
running ever since. Set cursed the whole damn tribe, cutting
them off from their ancestors, their homelands, everything.

There's a lesson here. The way I see it, we can't afford to
turn our backs completely on the other tribes. ‘Cause once the
forces of darkness consumed Khem, they started rolling across
the northern coast of Africa. The Ajaba stayed behind, and
looked what happened to them! Ajaba? Ever heard of them?
Shapechanging hyenas? Of course not. I'll move on.

As for the Bone Gnawers, Jackal's followers took it the
worst. His children suffered from the same curse that hit the
Striders. The way I heard it, it seems that jackal blood in our
veins has plagued us ever since. Crow skulked off behind
Jackal, knowing that his brother would need him... and if
Jackal suffered too much, Crow would benefit all the same.
Hyena's brood laughed at their brothers and sisters for
making such foolish choices. And Rat? Rat's brood survived
the whole mess, for Rat, above all else, survives.

I'll admit, our tribes get blamed fora lot of shit that isn't
our fault. When we lost our own homeland, some cursed
Rat's children for their cowardice, and some blamed Jackal's

17
a

RS RTE RIE RE, ORS TR ATE RDA TE

brood for their foolishness, and all around, the tribe suffered
in shame. Even if we don't trace our lineage back to Jackal,
those who carry Jackal's blood have had nothing but bad
luck ever since. Even Bone Gnawers are wary about any who
follow Jackal. You don't hear much about him much any-
more. You won't hear about Hyena at all. But I know how
many of you have heard of the power and the glory of Rat.

On and Raf

By the way, that's not exactly the end of the story. It's
pretty damn clear that Rat's children made the right choice,
but back then, the Strides didn't think so. They were pissed
at Rat's brood for doing fuck all while their world went to hell,
and the Striders' tribal totems weren't too pleased either.
When Khem fell, the Egyptian totems started to lose their
strength. Owl, on the other hand, grew stronger and stronger,
and she led her children to safety. The Striders spread across
the world, calling to Owl for guidance in the night. Owl's
children have run from their home, run from their past, and
tun from their true totems and the ancient ways.

Owl was none too happy with Rat and his children, the
scrappy little Bone Gnawers. Ever since then, Owl and Rat have
had a fierce hatred for each other. Owl asked for a little bit of
vengeance: From that time on, Owl asked the Garou who
followed her to leave a little sacrifice with each passing moon.
Andsince that time, Stridershave been capturing rats, and mice,
and all sorts of rodents, leaving them helpless for Owl's spiritual
servants. Things haven't changed much since then. There's no
way a child of Rat should ever help a follower of Owl, and Owl's
children know not to ask help from the children of Rat.

Now, some of the Striders who fled from Khem didn't
forget the old ways. They didn't care about the rivalry
between Owl and Rat, so they traveled with us for a while.
The followers of Anubis, and Ibis, and Sebek, they found
themselves struggling right beside the children of Jackal,
and Crow, and Hyena. And just as you'd expect, they've
been struggling with the same curse, and the same highfalutin'
elders who want to exploit us exploit them as well.

The Welting Fof

During the Concord, there were a lot of us who didn't
agree with what the Western Concordiat wanted. The other
Garou who sided with us came from other parts of the world.
While my relations were scrounging about in Africa, we had
ancestors scavenging wherever they could get by. Our tribe
has always accepted outsiders, including those who have
been cast out or rejected from the other tribes.

Back in the day, that meant that a cub who wasn't good
enough to join another tribe was automatically insulted as
a "bone gnawer." The insult means the same as it did in the
Impergium: the outcast has to eat after everyone else is
finished, picking through the carcasses that remain. Some of
us are born Bone Gnawers, and there's nothing we can do
about that. We learn to survive with almost nothing, and we
learn to be cautious about trusting anyone.

1

ae

a A ee

But there's a also a whole swarm of Bone Gnawers who are
adopted into the tribe. When a cub is particularly heroic or
accomplished — by the standards of other Garou, at least —
tribes contest to recruit him into their ranks, possibly luring him
away from the tribe that accepted his ancestors. It works both
ways. When a Garou is rejected, reviled, defamed or even exiled,
the Bone Gnawers may give him another chance. That's one of
the reasons why our tribe has always been one of the most
populous in the world—because the other tribes have always had
such strange standards. And, as one would expect, it was also a
prime reason why the other tribes saw us as expendable.

Before the Concord, we thought it was noble to sacrifice
yourself for Gaia and Garou, but afterwards, we had a change of
heart. We witnessed the worst of the Impergium, usually from the
front lines. For us, there was little honor and glory — that went
to the greatest in station. We also saw how the Impergium
affected the humans. When we became a tribe, we gained a bit of
our pride back, and the tribe agreed it would never die forthe glory
of Gaia again—not without a good cause, at lease. That's the end
of the story. Anyone want to pick it up in the middle again?

The Thhle Cron

"|'DBE DELIGHTED, MY FRIEND. YOU'VE TOLD
THE STORY WELL."

A Galliard storyteller pauses to look dramatically at the
crowd, gathering a cloak around his shoulders. With a flour-
ish, Smell-of-the-Crowd strides away from the fire, stalking
across the concrete like a thespian pacing floorboards. He
gathers his hands into talons for emphasis, then points sud-
denly at the only cub present, as if the performance were solely
for her. The other Garou chuckle — no ones gets into a good
tale like one of the Frankweilers.

FORSOOTH! THAT'S how Bone Gnawers have come
from all over the world, child! They weren't all bor into our
family. Lost cubs can wander cold and lonely city streets for
years without meeting Bone Gnawer Kinfolk. Whether their
parents were Get or Uktena, Silver Fangs or Shadow Lords,
for some reason, their tribes scorned and abandoned them.
Beset by asea of troubles, these scroungers turned to scavenger
totems, learning what Gifts they could from the spirits until
they could find their way to our family's warm embrace.

God's wounds! What a tragedy this is, when Garou
turns his back on Garou! Fear not, child! We shall shelter
you from the night! We shall take you in as our own,
clutching you to our very bosom!

The blood of our tribe is stirred in the very cauldron of
brotherhood. Verily, our Garou blood has become a great
melting pot, a hybrid stew with all the detritus of the other
tribes flowing through it. Tasty metaphor, eh? That's why
our family has no pure breeds—only mongrels. Our coats are
a patchwork of colors and patterns, a tattered family quilt
with scraps and patches from across history. Gather your
family about you, child, and it will keep you warm against
the cold night that surrounds you.

Bone Gnawers

acca:


'Tis Gaia's own truth. As our tribe is not overly selective
— present company excluded, of course — joining the tribe is
an easy choice for some. A wolf without a tribe is a sad and
lonely creature. Until he completes his Rite of Passage, he can't
learn the secret lore of a tribe, study for its tribal rites, or learn
its tribal Gifts. At best, he can receive a heartfelt invitation to
a festive gathering like this one. If he forsakes his heritage, the
trials and tribulations are severe, but if he accepts the easy
alternative — becoming a Bone Gnawer — the road ahead of
him becomes smoother. Even Ronin and other rogues find their
way back into the Garou Nation by joining Rat's brood.

And what a life it is! No more struggling to live up to your
ancestors' expectations — we have none! Every dumpster over-
flows with a feast! Simple cardboard becomes a castle! No matter
how lowly, within our tribe, any man can become a king, and any
woman a queen! And here at our glorious moots, everyone
feasts... even if the crap d'jour is macaroni and cardboard.

Side Bey Stie

Ours has been a long and arduous struggle, yet as we've
marched across time, we've picked up a motley assortment
of second-hand heroes along the way. Attend our Galliards'
moots, and you shall see that the greatest tales have Bone
Gnawers. You'll see us as spear carriers in the Viking epics
of the Get, peasants in the brooding Transylvanian sagas of
the Shadow Lords, or even as humble subjects in Russian
Silver Fang caerns. Great Gaia, I've evern heard tell of
Australian Bone Gnawers slumming with the scavengers of
Tasmania, as distant cousins of the Bunyip.

From an early age, we learned where we figured in the
hierarchy of dominance and submission. We were the peas-
ants, the commoners, the rabble, the grunts, and the un-
washed masses. And we still are. Wherever you find Garou,
you'll find stories of Bone Gnawers doing their dirty work.

Remember these truths as you hear our humble tales.
When someone tells you about our exodus from Africa, or our
invasion of America, remember that's just part of the story.
We've got Kin everywhere, and we look out for our family.
We're just a bit more common in some places than others.

Carly Hioat

The Frankweiler strides over to a pile of discarded machinery.
His "stagehands" lurch for ropes, erecting a wall of cardboard with
a curious etching in crayon and chalk: a street scene from a
Babylonian city... or at least a Ragabash conception of one.

Sound a bit disorganized? Indeed, it was. Until we
gathered in the larger cities, we weren't really organized at all.
Before we found such glorious places as the one you see here,
we cowered and crept in caerns belonging to the other tribes.
Woe for the fate of our lost homelands! Woe and misery!

The idea of a whole sept of us working together was
ludicrous. The Garou Nation scornfully looked down on us,
but they couldn't stop us from gathering together in packs.
The strongest werewolves lurked in the wilderness, so it was
natural for us to take to the streets, feeding off the refuse of

er ae

a

A Siar of Bove Cnapert

Chanpter One: The Bad Old Days

civilization. For in the cities, food spilled out into the streets,
and the rats swarmed to feast.

Yet for many, despite the abundance of garbage to eat,
these were dark times. In the cities, we had no septs or
caerns, so we ended up as one big family. Without a sept
leader, the oldest and wisest Bone Gnawer would become
the tribal Mother or Father to us all. You didn't earn an
honor like just by living for a long time. You actually had to
help the Garou living in the city, even the ones passing
through it. By showing compassion to strangers, and gener-
osity to friends — virtues that Mother Rat still asks of us
today — you could become a nobleman among the Bone
Gnawers, no matter who or what you were in your youth.

In the biggest metropolises, friends, each auspice could
have its own tribal Mother and Father — a rather rare
practice today, but one that still exists. As part of your
investiture, you could even proclaim your own title. A
Ragabash Father might become a King of Fools, a Prince of
Thieves, or a Lord of Beggars. A Theurge Mother could
watch over a coven of cunning men and wise women
throughout the city. And think of the costumes! Most
Garou had no interest in the cities; thusly, we had the
freedom to experiment with strange and powerful ideas.

The history of cities is our history. As far back as youcan
trace cities, you'll find our tribe. That's where the food is,
where most of the human race lives, and for the Frankweilers,
where the culture is. Ofall the scavenger totems, Rat was the
one most suited for surviving the Weaver's webs. If you read
about ancient Babylon — if you can read, that is — you'll
read of Hammurabi's encounters with rats. That's because
we were there in force. The Veil was in full effect.

Although the humans thought we were mendicants
begging in the streets, we were really watching out for those
who would prey on the human race. The strategy is as
ancient as Mesopotamia: our scouts and warriors still spend
hours and hours begging in the streets, and they're still
watching. We may look like fools, but we strive to be saviors.

In Mesopotamia, the Glass Walkers watched human
scholars master early languages, but we were the ones watching
the streets. Yes, you'll find Glass Walkers in the ancient cities
too, in one form or another, whether you call them Warders of
Men, or Iron Riders, or Bronze Peddlers, or Concrete Chewers,
or whatever they choose to be called this week.

Yet some things never change. If the cities are cesspools,
then they're thescum that floats to the top. We're the scum that
sinks to the bottom. They're drawn to wealth and power, yet we
see it for the trap it is. And besides, the Wyrm works through
greed and gluttony more than outright violence. Oh, did I say
that? The Glass Walkers have bound themselves in debt and
obligation. They're wrapped up in the trap of civilization, but
Rat's brood has been severing her webs ever since.

Anchen Greece and Rome

A stagehand gnaws at the ropes supporting the wall of
cardboard, and it comes crashing down. Behind it, a brick wall

19
aa

|

Ns acacia cieetdadeainedlebhamentertairnie is canner sadiosaes deca aacnereeteaneta

is covered with a chalk drawing of a Roman coliseum. Grasping
a wooden sword, the Frankweiler shouts his next invective.

Friends and countrymen, attend! The Weaver is every-
where! (Stab! Parry! Thrust! ) Every time you have tostand in
line, with every form you're dumb enough to fill out, with
every bill you're stupid enough to pay, she spins her web of
deceit to bind you. Soon you'll be anguishing about how to
pay for your car bills, your espresso maker, your Franklin Mint
miniatures! Soon you'll be blind to the world around you!

If only it were so simple. Let me catch my breath and
explain. Living in the heart of humanity without succumb-
ing to its society, we do what we can to keep the Wyld alive.
The Weaver loves conformity, but we've come up with some
pretty wild ideas of how to break out of it. When democracy
came to Athens, we latched on to a rather revolutionary
idea: voting for our elders instead of having them fight,
deceive and threaten each other for power.

Democracy was the sort of revolutionary idea the other
tribes couldn't tolerate. Everyone has an equal say? The metis
can speak as freely as the homids? Or Goddess forbid, we
should treat all Garou as equal? Like so many other things,
what they rejected, we accepted. Democracy was a way we
could actually work together, instead of tearing our moots
apart with violence. Besides, we got sick of being throated by
the Get. (Heh! Just kidding, there, Teeth-of-the-Jackal!)

By the time of Ancient Rome, we were a strong tribe,
with strength in numbers — we truly started helping each
other. Once we got organized, we set to work helping
humans as well. Not just helping ourselves, like the Glass
Walkers did, but working with people who really needed us.
The tribe was a force to be reckoned with. That was a time
when we actually warred with the Glass Walkers and Shadow
Lords — and won from time to time.

The old tales say that Rome was built near the site of an
ancient caern — even Romulus and Remus were nursed by
wolves there. That made Rome's Sept of the Seventh Hill one
of the first great urban caerns, and we learned a lot while we
defended it. Preserving the Veil became an art; learning from
human politics became a science. Families of Bone Gnawers
skulked in the catacombs and dark corridors of the city, feasted
off the food the Romans discarded, and fought for epic causes.

Oh, and then there was the long-discarded ideal of
actually giving a shit about the human race. Remember
that? We fought to defend everyone, before we became so
damn cynical and skeptical. Everyone should benefit from
society, we said, and everyone should be free. That made our
crusades against Roman slavery so wonderfully passionate
—they weren't an option for us. They were a mandate, from
the People, carried out by the Garou.

Roman Glass Walkers didn't give a damn, though. After
all, dominating humans was all find and good for them during
the Impergium. And Roman Shadow Lords? Forget about it!
They even treated their Kinfolk like slaves! But we still sing
sagas of the great liberators of Rome, even long after the Sept
of the Seventh Hill fell. I'm not making some outrageous claim

2

—

ee A Loa AF OO

that one of us was Spartacus or anything like that — although
that would make a nice play, wouldn't it? — but I know that
some of our Kinfolk were former slaves... or taken as slaves...
or (ahem) the children of slaves who were especially grateful for
their rescue, if you know what I mean, and I think you do.

Warderlag

Tossing his "Roman sword" away, the Frankweiler climbs
apile of rubble. The wind catches his cloak as he poses, declaiming
to the embarrassed crowd of Garou.

We couldn't stay in Rome forever. We were all over, and
as the original tribe spread out through the world, we found
brothers and sisters wherever we went, in spirit if not in blood.
Without a homeland, or even ancestry, the Bone Gnawers
wandered wherever fortune — and misfortune — took them.
Since we didn't have homes, and we didn't particularly care
about getting anywhere in a hurry, some of our kind spread
across the world as sailors. After all, wherever you'd find ships,
you'd find rats, so the Children of Rat weren't far behind.

Around the turn of the millennium, one of the largest
groups of Bone Gnawers drifted all the way up to the frozen
north—Northern Europe, that is. Because there were a lot of
skilled Bone Gnawer sailors up there, it was only a matter of
time before they started working with the Get. We serve the
Garou Nation by supporting great heroes. On any Viking
ship, you'll need a pack of Fenrir warriors on board chewing
their shields, ready to raid, but you also need someone to do
the grunt work. That's where we came in. Anyone cast out of
their rigorous rites was welcomed by us as a brother or sister.

A lotofthe great Fenrir epics have Bone Gnawers in them.
Even if we're just spear-carriers, or swabbing the decks, or
pulling the oars, we do our part, even if our names and lineages
aren'tsungasstrongly as those of epic heroes. Why do you think
those Viking epics recite the ancestors of heroes so much? The
way I figure, it's a Garou thing. Bone Gnawers make a lot of
partnerships like that. We don't seem to care if someone else
gets the lion's share of the credit, as long as we get something
out of the deal. Our kind has produced a lot of sidekicks and
companions to great heroes. A worthy goal, | assure you. It isour
pleasure to serve. And it is a pleasure to entertain you.

The humble narrator walks down from the pile of rubble,
mingling with the crowd in now confidential tones. And as he
turns, he looks towards the next speaker... gives a dramatic bow
with a flourish... and yields the stage.

The thood lithigavet

"WE HAD THE RIGHT IDEA IN ROME. WE NEED
TO GET ORGANIZED. This Galliard seems content to play
the fool. I'm not. You think that because we're Bone Gnawers,
we should bow and scrape to everyone else? Should we really be
the laughing stock of the Garou Nation, like him?"

As the last taleteller steps aside, a young man in a hooded
sweatshirt walks up to the fire. A few of the faces in the crowd look
surprised to see him there. As he lowers the hood, the crowd can
see the thin trace of stubble gracing the top of his head, showing
that it's been a while since he last shaved it clean. The battle scar

Bone Gnawers

einai,

|


on his left cheek hasn't completely healed, bearing testimony to
the last knife he had thrust at his face. Although the Garou around
him are brothers and sisters, he stares intently at them for a
moment, showing that he's willing to stare down anyone who
contradicts him. The Ahroun stands defiantly, like he has a point
to prove, and begins to speak.

We shouldn't be fools. We're the strength behind the
Garou Nation. If a Silver Fang sits comfortably on his
throne, it's because we helped put him there. If a Shadow
Lord laughs at us, it's because he's benefited from the
information our Rat Finks have given him. But we've lost
sight of the reason we're Garou.

Look at this poor sap. Living off garbage. Sleeping in the
street in that smelly cloak. What's so great about being
homeless? Dropping out of life? Freezing at night? Starving
by day? We've seen it up close. People around us dyinga little
each day. Day by day, they freeze to death. They starve to
death. And if that's not enough, they rip each other off along
the way. For what? Money? Power? Privilege? For nothing.

We're supposed to protect the world, and protect the
people in it — even if the other tribal elders say we
shouldn't. The folks in our tribe slum just about everywhere.
Because of it, the Garou howl that we're rejects and losers.
Don't believe it. They say we're cowards, bastards, lazy,
selfish, or worse. Don't buy it. Don't forget the reason we
stayed in the cities in the first place: to watch over mankind.

Let me be straight: I'm not dumb enough to try to save
everyone. For most folks, it's too late. Most folks aren't worth

eo.

C

Sree sence ees en aeresenren PENSE Ne ne

gue

saving. The world is corrupt, so people are corrupt. Ninety
percent of everything is crap, including humanity. You think I'm
joshing? Lookat the folks around you. It's like a big garbage dump.
You can root around all day, but most of what you'll find is crap.

You disagree? I've seen it all. Rich men passing by poor
men sleeping on the street. Kids getting shot, getting preg-
nant, getting hooked on junk. You can make jokes, Mr.
Cloak, but I'm not laughing. I can't just laugh off the world.
My world is different. In my world, when | walk down the
street, no one looks me in the eye. They lock their doors.
They keep their distance. People on the sidewalks reach out
for help, and all they get is nothing.

I don't want to play the fool. The Garou Nation's failed,
and they're treating us like pariahs. If we're all equal, we
should act that way. It's up to us. It's time we acted up. You're
only a bum if you want to be a bum. You want to be a hero?
Get to work. That's what our tribe should do.

We need a change. Where'd that elder go? Drinking
himself to death? He's sick — should we put up with his
sickness? Put up with his weakness? The fact that he doesn't
really care anymore about anything but ancient stories? The
way I see it, Garou used to actually give a damn. Just because
we're called Bone Gnawers doesn't change that. You look at
history, that's what we used to do.

The DarkAgat
Back in the Dark Ages, we got involved. We were
Everyman, and we were everywhere. Wherever people worked,

4
t


2 amr Sera FREE SPREE LS ESA AT RANDLE

we worked along with them. When people starved, we starved
along with them. All our tribe fought and died for in Ancient
Rome fell apart during the Dark Ages. Even a thousand years
later, that feudal system they had kept the poor in place and
the rich in power. That's when our ancestors realized that
nothing was going to change unless we changed it. We didn't
just need to change our tribe. We had to save the world.

The meek were set to inherit the Earth, but they were
going to get dirt unless they took what they needed. Youknow
where I'm going with this? You've heard about the legend of
Robin Hood? Robin had the right idea. I'm not going to tell
you he's a Bone Gnawer. I'm not going to say he's Kinfolk. I'm
not even saying he ever existed. I'm saying the legend got
started because dozens of Garou like him did what the stories
said he did. The way I heard it, when a Bone Gnawer was out
for justice, he'd raise his hood over his head to keep his
identity a secret. And there's a whole Garou camp based on
that tradition — based on that sense of honor and duty.

The Bone Gnawers didn't used to turn their backs on
the world. We fought for anyone that had been cast out, kept
down, or ripped off. As outcasts and runaways, we adopted
our Kin. We fought beside people everyone else turned their
backs on. They became part of our family, and their children
became our Kinfolk. They became part of us, part of our
blood. We lived everywhere no one else wanted, creating
Kin and building the biggest tribe in the whole Garou
Nation — even if the other tribes didn't know it.

We also fought the same enemies. Disease and starvation
were two of our worst foes. Whenever plague hit, it often hit our
Kinfolk first. Supernatural fuckers passed on the worst out-
breaks, so the Bone Gnawers had to be the heroes who hunted
them down. That was the time of the Plague Lords, Ratkin who
came out of hiding to spread disease throughout civilization.
We also knew the folklore the peasants whispered. They spoke
of "plague bearers," or nosferatu, who fed on human blood and
spread disease. That's why we hid among humans — to protect
them from dangers like that. Have we forgotten?

The Joguktiion
"YOU'VE FORGOTTEN. THERE'S A REASON
WE DON'T GET INVOLVED."

A black-clad Philodox saunters from the shadows. A half-
moonis clearly painted on the arm of his well-wom, almostancient,
heavily battered leather jacket. The man in the hood instinctively
takes a step back. The two exchange glances, almost growling, until
the man in the hood looks away. Clearly the next taleteller has an
edge, or perhaps a bit of influence in the right place. With a whisper,
Murder-of-Crows picks up the next part of the tale.

You want to talk about the days of the Hood? 1'll tell you
about the results. Yeah, there was a time when we got
involved in human affairs. Like anything else we've de-
manded, we paid dearly for it. Hey, don't think the Bone
Gnawers were the only monsters stalking the night. The
Glass Walkers got involved, the Leeches got involved,
witches and warlocks and even the Good Folk got involved.

a A Ae

So it wasn't that remarkable when people actually started to
notice all this going on. They weren't stupid. After a
thousand years of civilization, they certainly weren't the
sheep we thought they were during the Impergium.

By the dawn of the Renaissance, humanity started to wake
up from the nightmare of the Long Night. They were bright
enough torealize how much of the supernatural world surrounded
them, so they fought back with fire and flame — rather like they
did after the War of Rage, huh? Forget silver; fire stings like hell.
The geniuses in the Hood conveniently forgot one of the petty
little details of the Concord: the need to hide from humanity. So
throughout Europe, the inquisition against the night began.

The Burning Times purged Europe. I know, because I
talked to Leeches who were there. I've even spoken to some
of those "nosferatu" who fled into the darkness. Don't look
so shocked. Quit your growling! We didn't have much of a
choice. And you weren't there to see it. Like the Old Man
said, we guess at what happened in our history because we
weren't there. Vampires remember the Inquisition better
than anyone else because they lived it. They weren't the
only ones threatened by it. The Inquisition started out as a
crusade against heresy and witchcraft, but within a few
decades, the hunts threatened anyone allied with the night.

Okay, so maybe it went a little easier on us. We could hide
in the spirit world. We could heal our wounds quickly. In fact, we
could kill entire mobs of torch-wielding villagers without break-
ing a sweat. It was easy on us. But it was murder for our Kinfolk.
What evils do you think the humans saw when they found out
about our Kin? Women laying down with wolves to mate with
them, bearing their spawn. Men breeding with beasts in animal-
istic rites. Stalking demons showing up in the dead of night to
claim their children from human parents. The hunters slaugh-
tered our Kin, these same outcasts you said we bred with so freely.

Werewolves had become monsters again, passing judg-
menton mankind, acting as Gaia's chosen again, and asa result,
the Church, and the Inquisitors, and the hunters began to
suspect that our brothers and sisters weren't what they seemed.
We could run, but our Kinfolk couldn't hide. We could slaugh-
teranyone who persecuted them, but when we did, the Delirium
grew, and human hatred burned a bit hotter. And they took it
out on everyone else. Millions suspected of witchcraft and
heresy writhed on the flames of bonfires. The Good Folk fled the
world. Sacred groves were desecrated, caerns were violated, and
an orgy of blood washed over the world.

It took almost a century for the flames to die down, and
by then, we noticed how much had been destroyed. Gaia's
spirits had thankfully taught our tribe how to hide, so the
hunters would be blissfully ignorant of our existence. Many
of our cubs and lost ones weren't as fortunate. Without
Gaia's Gifts, they were easier prey. We sheltered many
Garou during the dark times, and even had to make alliances
with other supernatural creatures. In the end, our Kinfolk
paid the ultimate price. This was Man's world, and if we were
going to live in it, we would have to be a bit more cautious.

22 Bone Gnawers

yh ———_——

titer 7 /


The Piping

" Help not Man for his survival unless it threatens ours. Hurt
not Man unless he threatens us. Kill not Man for food unless we
might perish."

— The Ban of Man, Barcelona, 1540

Our elders called fora series of tribal moots, a Piping to call
all the Bone Gnawers together. In Europe, the largest of these
gatherings was outside Barcelona. Across the continent, all the
most honored and revered of our kind begged, borrowed, and
stole to get to that moot. Some followed Umbral tunnels
unearthed by Ratkin, some skulked into the gathering with
"outside help," many soared through the heavens to join us by
moon bridges, and countless packs walked, ran, or shambled
across the countryside to join their brothers and sisters. The
ones who answered the call were only a fraction of our whole
family, but regardless, for the first time, ever, we actually seemed
like a tribe — at least, as the Galliards tell the tale.

Then the talking started, first in a babble of dozens of
European languages, then ina horrible din of muted snarls and
howls, and finally in one overwhelming euphonious outbreak
of the glorious High Tongue. The elders skulked underground,
presumably to get away from the noise. When they returned to
the surface, they seemed... changed. The eldest among them
then gave a glorious speech we would never forget.

That was the start of the Ban of Man: three sentences
that would be repeated at tribal moots until the end of time.
The tribal elders didn't have a problem with us living so
closely with humans, but it was clear we couldn't risk the
survival of the whole tribe to help humans who couldn't help
themselves. The elders knew of the Hood's idea that we
should act as vigilantes. It was clearly idiocy. If we acted like
the monsters of legend, they were certain men would hunt us
like them — or more importantly, hunt our Kinfolk, seek out
our caerns, destroy our supernatural allies, and kill off every-
thing even faintly tinged with anything resembling magic.

Help not Man for his survival unless it threatens ours. Hurt
not Man unless he threatens us. And then there was the last
stricture, the one that caught a lot of us by surprise. Kill not
Man for food unless we might perish. Now, I know just about
every Bone Gnawer has heard a tale of a Garou who suc-
cumbed to temptation, hunting the very humans Gaia trusted
us to protect. During the full moon, raging Ahroun have been
known to give in to their most bestial impulses, killing
innocents and savoring the taste of fear in their flesh. Lupus
Garou who have succumbed to the taint of the Wyrm often
attack humans around them in the fury of their frenzies. The
legends are old as the Garou themselves, but those poor Bone
Gnawers gathered in Barcelona, they had no idea the problem
was so common that it would lead to Rule Number Three.

Suto fle Shadony

Not everyone agreed with the Ban of Man. The elders
upheld it, but many of the cliath defied the first two
strictures. After the passion of the elder's speeches faded,
many set to argue about what the Ban really meant. In most
septs, the message was clear. The tribe was supposed to look

BS APPA IE

out for its own, and the humans would have to take care of
themselves, as the Concord implied. No more finding food
for the hungry to eat. No more protecting places where the
homeless could sleep. Oh, and be a bit more cautious at
spawning Kinfolk while you're at it. Unfortunately, too
many Garou couldn't place the survival of their own race
over the needs of their friends and families. Younger Garou
learned to be a bit more secret in their associations.

Since that time, there have been rabble among us who
live closer to humanity than their own kind. Because of the
first rule of the Ban, these lowlifes have shunned their own
people, becoming more distant from their septs. To them,
their families are the ones they know on the street. | can
understand this to some extent. In multitribal caerns, the sept
elders haven't done much more than treat them like garbage,
so the rabble end up running with their own packs. They hang
around the caern a while to learn their Gifts and rites, but if
the sept doesn't play fair by them, they'd set out on their own,
in little packs of two or three Garou. Once they were living
surrounded by humans, that meant that anything that threat-
ened Man's survival threatened their own. To this day, in any
city with an urban caern, you'll find a lot of Bone Gnawers
who live within a few days journey of the bawn of the sept, but
are wary of approaching the heart of it for long.

The second rule of the Ban almost set off a revolution
within the tribe. Hurt not Man unless he threatens us. From
that moment, Garou vigilantes became outlaws from their
own tribe. You've heard the arguments against this, no
doubt. A hero stands up for what he believes in, the Hoods
say, even if the law or the Litany says different. Say, where
did that hooded fellow get to, anyway? Cowardly freak.

Whether there's Wyrm-taint present or riot, when the
strong exploit the weak, they claim its our duty to Gaia to
intervene. I can also see some sense in this, up to a point.
Anything that hurts the homeless and the defenseless, they
say, is going to come around to hurt us next, not to mention
our Kin. And I can see from your some of your reactions that
you mightactually believe that. Although a few elders might
secretly support the Hood, no one's going to openly accept
what the Hood does. That's why so many heroes joke that
there's another rule in the Ban of Man: And if you do, don't
get caught. The Hood is still alive today, and elders still cite
the Ban as a way to track it down — as they should.

Then there's the really sinister part of the Ban: Killnot Man
for food unless we might perish. As far as we can tell, the Bone
Gnawers who defied that part of the law took their own drastic
measures. Away from the septs, the packs of Garou set out to
find their own hunting grounds, where human life could be
taken easily. Hidden from the Garou Nation, this rabble set up
their hidden homes, using the Gifts Gaia gave them to protect
Man to prey on him instead. Humans found the remains,
stripped of flesh and gnawed to the bone. The Man-Eaters had
norespect for law or Litany. Many of their cannibal cults turned
tothe Wyrm. Don't believe what you hear. They still exist, and
we still hunt them down and destroy them.

Chanpter One: The Bad Ofd Days 23

en ea

amie \ \

|

5 eerie carer Fe TERE ET SEAL omen ann emaTNeRT

Expforation and Expfottation

On each of the continents, Bone Gnawers gathered for
more of the Great Pipings. The practice worked so well that
tribal moots became more common. The tribe is still disor-
ganized, but it also knows the value of a tribal moot each
month — even if everyone doesn't show up. Packs of fostern
Garou took to the idea so well that they started traveling to
tribal moots in other cities, across the European continent,
and in some cases, around the world. Maybe it seemed like
an easy way to gain a name for themselves, or at least learn
more about the Garou Nation. Or maybe it meant more
chances to hit the Garou Nation up for food and crash space.

The Age of Exploration spread our brothers and sisters
farther and farther around Gaia's world. Garou from different
parts of the planetfinally started talking to each other. Multitribal
septs thrived. Ambitious heroes struggled to raise a series of
moon bridges that leapt from one continent to the next.

Perhaps the Bone Gnawers benefited the most from this
passion for exploration. Rat's children all over the world came
out of hiding long enough to meet their distant relations. Don't
think we were just in Europe and Africa — when a Bone
Gnawer runs, he runs far. We thrived, but a few other tribes
suffered. For a start, many of the European Garou hadan intense
interest in the New World. When the great continental quests
began, it hadn't been that long since the Europeans "discov-
ered" it, even though the Pure Ones — the Uktena, Wendigo,
and Croatan — had been living there for millennia. For the
European tribes, it was a prime opportunity to seize power and
control some ancient, mystical, and powerful sacred sites.

The tribal mothers and fathers wanted a piece of the action,
too. A few Bone Gnawers, led by one of our most esteemed and
generous heroes, Corazon Bitefinder, managed to sneak aboard
a ship or two and see what all the ruckus was about. The scouts
that came back told stories our Galliards spread throughout
Europe. I'msure the tales became more elaborate the farther they
spread — just like that Robin Hood bullshit. The New World
was supposed to be a land of plenty, a world of opportunity, a
primal wilderness untouched since the dawn of time.

European Garou called another Piping, this time in
Lisbon. Cliath said that they were tired of getting kicked
around by the elders of other tribes. Away from the elders,
they claimed it was a chance for the Bone Gnawers to create
some septs of their own. Tribal heroes saw it as a chance to
gain renown. The elders of the other tribes promised the
moon in exchange for our support, offering acceptance, new
hope, and a new home. That stance fostered a lot of resent-
ment later — in the end, the elders found power, and we
didn't get much except a change in scenery. Again, the Bone
Gnawers were left to pick through what others didn't want.

Nonetheless, when the American colonies started, we
bought into the idea, bigtime. Corazon Bitefinder led our
tribal exodus to the New World. We didn't have much say
who the sept elders would be in Europe's "mulitribal" septs, so
we voted with our feet. We left. When the Pure Ones didn't
want to let us into the New World by moon bridge, we set out

tosneak onto as many ships as we could. For many, getting on
board wasn't much of a challenge—we've always had Kin
traveling the seas. Of course, the Uktena and Wendigo didn't
care for what we were doing. All we can say in our defense is
that we didn't try to kill them off like the Europeans did. For
us, the original Ban of Man was still in effect... for the time
being. It had to change and grow, just as the tribe did.

The storyteller turns to. a Ragabash waiting nearby , as if his cue
had been carefully planned. A young, fresh-faced Garou with blond
hair and blue eyes smiles in response. The poor cliath looks like he's
terribly out of place, as if he's been slumming in the wrong part of
town. With great fervor, he launches into what's clearly his favorite
part of the tribe's history, as though he's been invited to tell it at septs
across America... and perhaps in no other country. Welcomed-to-
the-Hall-of-Presidents, Ragabash patriot, recites his story.

The American Revofution
AMERICA. WE'RE AN AMERICAN TRIBE. No

matter where we came from, we came together in America.
And in 1776, when the spirit of revolution took hold in the
colonies, our tribe proudly answered its call. America was a
young country, a land freed from the traditions of the Old
World. For the Bone Gnawers, that was a powerful ideal.

We never had much of a stake in the Garou Nation
before then, certainly not in Europe. But in America, our
homids knew they could build a country of the people, by the
people, and for the people, a country where all men were
created equal —at least in theory. We've fought for a lot of
ideals, as you can tell, and we've certainly suffered when
they've failed. But we believed in America's cultural melt-
ing pot. We took to the notion of democracy, an idea we've
had as part of our culture since way back in Athens.

As the spirit of revolution took hold, young cubs were
tempted to defy the Ban of Man by standing on the front lines of
the fight for freedom. Enough Bone Gnawers got fired up — and
slapped down by their elders — that the tribe had to find a
solution to this enthusiasm. The tribe had to find a way for its
cliath towork around the pesky Ban without rending the Veil and
revealing our existence. So the American elders proposed a
revolutionary idea: If Garou were to fight in the War for Indepen-
dence, they'd have to do it in Homid form. That way, for the
homids, anything that threatened Man's survival threatened ours
as well. We'd be hurting Man, too, but he could hurt us just as bad.
It'sashame the metis and lupus couldn't follow this same option,
but gosh, they still knew the homids were fighting for all of us.

Upholding the Ban this way became a matter of honor, a
sacred pledge. This time, we wouldn't take the cowardly way
out. There'd be no Umbral raids on British supply lines, no
shifting into Crinos as a way to scare away troops, and certainly
nowitnesses to Bone Gnawers shrugging off gunfire. A mortally
wounded Garou could still step into the Umbra and shift to
keep from dying, but once he did, honordemanded that he drop
out of the fray. If he couldn't stand, he'd have to return to his
sept and abandon his cause. In a sense, the war almost became
a game to us — a deadly, glorious game. This time, we'd be
playing by the same rules as the American patriots.

24 Bone Gnawers

Tf _TEPUD LTD

a a


This practice was no longer strictly the original Ban of Man, so the elders
7 | gave it a new name: the High Ban. In some septs, it's still seen as a valid way of
é| meddling in human affairs — at least among Bone Gnawers. When danger
elie of | ' ae in on an urban sept, when the Veil is threatened, the High Ban is

a last resort to preserving the peace. Pledging to uphold the High Ban,
a and then breaking it, is also a harsh way to lose a great renown.
, Y The tribal elders agreed: the American Revolution was a
\._ war the humans would have to win for themselves, but we
wanted to stand side by side with them — as equals, not
. overlords. A few crackpots resisted, but with a bit of
‘convincing, we won them over to ourside. Tostirup
\\___ the troops, Galliards sang new ballads to praise
\ ._ the heroes of the war. They learned the simple
ea 4A folk songs that inspired American soldiers,
@- — andwestillsing them today. Patriotism swept
through the American Bone Gnawers like a
breath of fresh air. We began to see America as a
bright new homeland. Back in the Old Country, the
elders got their fur all knotted up over the idea.
> There's even a tale that some German Get came

= ce 5 eal to America with Hessian mercenaries to even the
SE score—and wesent them packing back over the pond!
. \ So maybe Average Joe Bone Gnawer doesn't know

his ancestry. You'll still find him talking about his patriot
forefathers. You can take pride in their bravery. We stood rank
and file with the soldiers at Valley Forge, Bunker Hill, and (ironically enough)
Concord. Think of it: Of all the Garou, no one but a Bone Gnawer would be
willing toendureso much cold, starvation, privation, and suffering for thesake
of something his tribe wouldn't rule — and he'd do it in Homid form, too!
We were the only tribe innovative enough, and valiant enough, to
tisk itall on sucha grand ideal. Only the Bone Gnawers were crazy enough
to try something like the High Ban. There's a reason we felt so strongly:
freedom. Sweet, glorious freedom. If we didn't have a place of our own
in Europe, then we'd have to make a home in America. Because we
fought for it honorably, we felt like we'd earned it. Fair play is the
American way, after all! Since that time, the Bone Gnawers have been
the most American of all the Thirteen — pardon me, Twelve Tribes
?
— no matter what they may say in other parts of the world,

The French Revopition

Now, kids, remember: Bone Gnawers may be more common
~. _ insome places than others, but they still come from all over.
; I'm from Philadelphia, so if you want to ask me the history
™ of the tribe, I'll tell you about my country, and I'm darn
BEN proud of it. [know that many of those Garou from Lisbon

c headed for South America, for instance. If you want to
hear about that, you're free to travel down there and
hearit from the source. Butrightnow, you'reon my turf!
If you want to ask what the tribe was doing in
Canada, or Hong Kong, or even Antarctica at that
time, you'll have to ask someone else. If you talk
to Russian Bone Gnawers and they'll claim
credit for the revolution in 1917; talk to cliath
down in Mexico, and they'll brag like they're
the original cowboys. We all do it. We each

4 tell the story to serve our own ends. Does that

. 25

\

aL AAT POE A CO YE TD LT CAPY


sound biased? Sure it is! Maybe I'm just proud of who | am.
You got a problem with that, pal?

So you'll know I'm bragging when I say this: The success of
the American Revolution sparked ideas abroad as well. Again,
it's not like we're going to take credit for what humanity did, but
we did give them a good solid push in the right direction. Back
in Europe, there were other forces at work. The Wyrm's coils
reached deep into the Old World, especially in the big cities of
Europe. Rat's brood was ready to dig deep and rip it out.

Take Paris, for example. The whole place was lousy with
Leeches, and had been since the city began. Ancient and
powerful undead stalked the corridors of Versailles. Tainted
vampires took obscene pleasure in sipping the blue blood of the
French nobility. Evil ancients remained content to maintain
their facades of power and privilege. Until the unwashed masses
surged up to chop the French nobility into bloody chunks.

They didn't do it just to depose the human royalty. They
didn't realize it, but they hada bit of help. While the revolution-
aries were storming the Bastille, we unleashed our fury on the
undead overlords of Paris. And believe it ornot, we were led into
battle by a metis! A clever young metis Garou named Henri
found a way to strike a temporary treaty with a pack of Parisian
Ratkin eager to raise some hell. And while they launched their
diversions, we lynched some Parisian Leeches! Those shambling
cadavers could hide behind make-up, perfume, and powdered
wigs, but they couldn't hide the stench of the Wyrm from us!

French Galliards still tell stories of the French Revolu-
tion, and tell them with the same pride I have for ours. More
than a few cubs claim to be descended from heroes of the
revolution. Since then, the ideals of equality and freedom
have beenan inspiration to usall, especially our Bone Gnawer
brethren in France. There, see what I mean? We aren't all
American. In fact, I've met tribal brothers and sisters from
other countries that are almost as patriotic as we are... almost.

We aren't all revolutionaries, either, of course. If we
were, we would have tried to overthrow our tribal elders and
the rulers of other tribes long ago. And we don't do that sort
of thing, do we? Well, do we? Keep listening, pal!

Run for the thie

Somaybe the other tribes call us cowards because we aren't
as obsessed with hunting the Wyrm. They didn't understand
what we were fighting for! And then again, maybe we should
have paid less attention to human society and more to our own.
How can we take credit for human revolutions? The humans
revolutionized their governments, but in our septs, the old
traditions stood fast. When Bone Gnawerheroes tried to rise up
against the tribal elders, they got slapped down. Hard.

Only a handful of caerns defied the old traditions. A
precious few septs had Bone Gnawersas sept leaders. [ can think
of one in Paris, and of course, the Sept of the Awakening in
Washinging, D.C., in the U.S. of A., but outside of those few
havens, the spirit of revolution faded, replaced by a spirit of
discontent. We foughtand bled and even died, but the tribe was
still shamed as the scavengers of the Garou Nation.

While we were fighting to make Americaa country based
on equality, the European tribes sold us out. With our sweat and
blood, the Gnawers helped make some of the American caerns
multitribal, but this had a deadly cost. The elders we propped
up seized power from the Uktena and Wendigo. The European
Garou claimed that the Pure Ones couldn't run their caerns
properly without help. Before long, they couldn't run them at
all. For all the glorious pageant of America's history, that's part
of America's shame. After what the "Wyrmcomers" did to the
Pure Ones, many Garou decided that they'd had it, and they
started to walk out. Hey, maybe the Uktena and Bone Gnawers
have more in common than you think, huh?

Any way you look at it, our forebears were dissatisfied with
the way the elders treated them. That takes a hell of a lot, by the
way. Most Garou, they just kind of accept their place in the
hierarchy, the way a wolf accepts a strong alpha. But if your lot
in life involves getting humiliated on a regular basis, it's time for
a change. I can't tell you whether that attitude was more
common then than itis today, but I'm sure you've seen it around.
After their Rites of Passage, many discontented Bone Gnawers
learna few rites and Gifts, watch the old system of politics break
down, and then leave. Well, let me tell you, bub: Our tribe and
this country are dedicated to change. That's why our tribe does
things differently. That's why we have to change things.

Notwantingtoserve the elders anymore, rebellious Garou
abandoned their need for renown, setting off into the wilder-
ness. Far beyond the protectorates of the American septs, a
Garou could find his own land, seeing the world as Gaia made
it. twas Gaia's will, our manifest destiny. Generations of Bone
Gnawers ran for the hills, living as trappers and mountain men
in the wilderness. We had enough elbow room to spread out.
Teeth-of-the-Jackal calls them rabble; I call them explorers and
innovators. Bone Gnawers don't need to spend all their time
sleeping in the caern bawn — they have lives outside the caern,
too — and those old mountain men were no different.

Some of our Kin settled down with families; as a result,
our tribe became a vast tapestry of extended families reaching
across the American wild. Fiercely independent, but fer-
vently Garou, they founded the Hillfolk, one of the largest
American camps. If a rural caern has a lot of Bone Gnawers,
you won't see them everyday, or even every month. They'll
spread out for miles and miles, living life as they please.

The Atmertcan Cf War

By this time, the biggest concentration of Bone Gnaw-
ers was still in the U.S. of A. You knew I had to say that,
tight? Yeah, we had brothers and sisters in Europe and Africa
and South America and Australia and even China, for
Goddess' sake. But for the huddled masses yearning to
breathe free, America had more Bone Gnawers and their
Kinfolk than anyplace else. Our tribe hada homeland again.
And the scrappy little scavenger totems — Rat, Raven,
Crow, and even Jackal — were growing in strength.

Thanks to the original Exodus from Europe, so many of us
were side by side in that same place that we started dreaming up
another totem to watch over us. You see, we've been cast out

26 Bone Gnawers

Sf SPE

2 ee yy


and kicked out and beaten up overand over again, but we never
gave up, and we never give in. Some bit of hope or foolishness
kept us going, and enough of us believed in it back then that it
started to make a difference. That spirit of hope, as corny as it
sounds, became part of the American Dream.

If we weren't good enough for the old traditions, we'd
make up new ones. Like the idea that if you worked real hard,
you should get something back for it. If you could put in an
honest day's hard work, you should be able to support yourself
and your family. And remember, anyone can be a success if
they work hard enough! All of our beliefs about survival and
our tough-as-nails work ethic started building a brand-new
totem, all wrapped up with our enthusiasm for baseball, apple
pie, and American way. I'm not talking about a metaphor,
folks, I'm talking about an actual Incarna: the American
Dream! Today, it might seem as old-fashioned as a Norman
Rockwell painting, but some Bone Gnawers get worked up
about that kind of stuff. Like me, brother. Like me.

The Ruslan Revolution

Even in the twentieth century, our brothers and sisters
were spread all over the world. While the largest pack of
Gnawers were stalking the American Dream, werewolves on
the other side of the planet had other problems. Trapped in
the ways of the Old World, they endured a system that
consistently kept our tribe dominated by just about everyone
else. Just like we were back in the feudal Dark Ages, huh?

Like the Old Man said, we're the commoners, the
rabble, the grunts, and the peasants of Garou society. In the
Silver Fang's protectorates, their tribe had a lot of noble
Kinfolk, while we suffered along with the destitute and
disadvantaged. In an act of Silver Fang "generosity," they
tried to curry our favor by allowing us one measly urban
caern in Moscow where we could get together. This open
city square was rather contemptuously named the Sept of
the Noble's Will. Awful nice of them. Especially since one
family of Silver Fangs passed on the position of sept leader
from one generation to the next. We climbed all over each
other trying to get into the other sept positions, but it still
involved a lot of sucking up to the muckety-mucks.

Then in 1917, the Russian Revolution hit. Now, I've
heard a lot of conspiracy theories about who wiped out the
Romanovs and so many other Silver Fang Kinfolk. No, sir, we
won't take credit for that, or for the revolution. I'll just say we
were there. History looks for aname ora face to take the credit
for great accomplishments, but if you ask the Russian Bone
Gnawers, they'll just tell you it was the spirit of the times. The
spirit of the People. The spirit of revolution.

Other tribes make a big deal over leaders, but we know it
takes a lot of people — or an army of Garou — to really make
a difference. When the Romanovs lost power, the people
surged up to retake what was rightfully theirs. Hey! I ain't no
Commie! But I got a lot of sympathy for anyone who's been
beaten down forso long. The tribe had been waiting along time
to seize power from the elders, so at the height of the Russian
Revolution, a pack of Bone Gnawers made their move.

rs EATER PEN SERN Ne me

No one can prove they killed that sept leader, mind you.
No one ever found the body. But oddly enough, almost
overnight, the Sept of the Noble's Will became the Sept of the
People's Will. A rather humble Philodox named Ivan Ivanovich
became a hero overnight by becoming the new sept leader. He
even changed his name: Ivan Debates-with-Unaswerable-
Ideology. When the Silver Fangs tracked him down, they
humiliated him by driving him from his own sept. Then, within
a month, his body disappeared, too. But I'll tell you what, that
sept name hasn't changed back. And you'll never see another
Silver Fang as sept leader in that caern again.

The 19204

While the more conservative Bone Gnawer elders upheld
the Ban of Man, ambitious young Glass Walkers kept building
their influence in human society. The Roaring Twenties were
a golden age for them. While we rejected the evils of the
Weaver's world, they embraced them. With ties to organized
crime, bootlegging profits, and political power, the Walkers
tolled across America like nobody's business... except their
own. The Glass Walkers began taking over urban caerns in
force — at least, the ones they could find. With the Weaver's
newfound strength, they were practically unstoppable.

American Bone Gnawers had two choices. They could
withdraw even more from the Garou Nation, or they could
team up with the wolves in power. As you can guess, a lot of
our grandfather and grandmother Garou took the easy way
out. In caerns across America, the GW often worked as the
brains, and we worked as the muscle. It's arrangement some
Garoustill believe in... and some Bone Gnawers are ashamed
to admit. For a while, there were even rumblings of the two
tribes becoming one. Beggars can't be choosers, I guess.
Sometimes you have to survive any way you can.

For a while, the two urban tribes were actually getting
along pretty well. The Stock Market Crash of '29 changed
all that. And what happened next? If you've been listening
this evening, you know the pattern by now. Someone
preaches a high ideal, we do the hard work, someone else
reaps the rewards. Then the Bone Gnawers get abandoned.
But it's not desperation that drives us back, chum! It's pure
Bone Gnawer idealism. You keep fighting until you win.
Either that, or you drop out completely. But you cubs and
cliath ain't never gonna do that, huh? Huh?

Even when the two tribes got along politically, the urrah
had some strong religious differences. America's a land of
religious tolerance, but really! Rat was Rat, and Cockroach
was... well, pretty creepy if you ask me. We weren't gonna
worship no bug! Bone Gnawer shamans moaned and wailed
that this tribal alliance would end in doom for all concerned,
and we looked at them like they were insane. Cause, like,
they were. Only a few prophets and visionaries in the tribe saw
it coming, but no one really listened... until it was too late.
Since then, we've learned a lot from that particular mistake
— we hold our tribe's Theurges in high esteem, even when
others think their ideas are out in the ozone.

Chanpter One: The Bad Old Days 27

a ae

mee

|

Our Theurges knew there was a reckoning close at
hand, and it was called the Great Depression. It hit the Glass
Walkers hard. When the Glass Walkers held power in most
of the urban caerns, they were delighted to boss us around,
but once they fell from grace, they started forgetting all we'd
done for them. Once again, we were tossed aside, like so
many times before. For those of us living in the midst of
humanity, we were in a world of hurt.

The Cireat Depression

The Great Depression tested our resolve, both asa tribe
and asa nation. That was America's darkest hour, but it was
our turn to shine. We took to selling apples in the streets; we
defended tent cities; we worked side by side in public work
projects. Our status in the Garou Nation slipped even more,
but we didn't care. The years that followed helped define us
as a tribe — even though we were poor, we were proud.

You ever wonder why we're so strong in New York?
Hell, we built it with our own sweat and blood, kids! You
know, our Galliards learn to memorize the names of streets,
buildings, and subway stations ina lot of cities. In New York,
they'll even tell you which ones we helped build, back with
the help of the WPA. The Works Progress Administration.
Ever heard of it? Way I hear, some Bone Gnawer working in
the White House whispered that idea to the President
himself. If everyone works, everyone wins.

We go way back in Manhattan — our tribe was tending a
caern there back when it was called New Amsterdam. Where'd
you think such a wonderful place like Central Park came from?

Two of our Kinfolk drew up the plans. And back in the thirties,
we helped build a home in the middle of the park where the city's
homeless and unemployed couldsleep—acity called Hooverville.

That's why I'm proud of who I am, because we could
never pull that kind of stunt back in the Old Country. You
want to know our tribe's history? We were everywhere. We
were with the immigrants who came to Ellis Island; the
farmers who struggled to make a living in the Oklahoma
dustbowl; the men and women who marched with Martin
Luther King; the boys who gave their lives in two World
Wars. That's why our tribe doesn't give a damn what your
ancestors did or where you came from — we only care about
what you're doing now, today. And the real pageant of
history isn't happening in the Garou Nation, it's in the
cities, where real heroes make a difference. Ain't that swell?

World War 1

When I preach about us living through two World Wars,
I'm not kidding. When we heard about the first Great War,
we rushed out there faster than you can say "moon bridge."
Some heroes used the wars to try to prove themselves to the
European Garou, some wanted to get in touch with their
European cousins, and some just wanted to make a profit on
the black market. It didn't matter — we kept getting stronger.
Glass Walkers get worked up about the 20's, but our Galliards
still tell tales about Dubya-Dubya Two.

That was a time when it didn't matter who you were —
the whole nation fought that war together. It didn't matter if
you were just some grunt hunkered down with a hundred

othermen. You were stilla hero. Think back tothe Impergium,
when the elders would send out swarms of Bone Gnawers to
die in battle. We weren't expendable anymore. We didn't
want to die; we played to win. That ideal caught on real big
in the tribe. Our young Ahroun still listen to tales about all
the greatest battles of World War II. We remembered that Rat
was a totem of war, and we realized that Rat had teeth.

With enough tyrants in the Garou Nation, we didn't
want to see a human dictator taking over Europe. Our passion
for the war was so great that some Garou stopped caring about
the Veil and the Ban altogether. The War didn't treat the
other tribes as well, though. When Germany went to war, it
tore the Get of Fenris apart. Some of them fought beside us to
liberate Europe, but when we found out that some Germanic
Get were backing Hitler, all hell broke loose.

In some of the biggest battles, the Delirium magnified
the horrors of war. We unleashed our rage against the
separatist Fenrir and their Nazi Kin. We lost all restraint
when we saw humans slaughtered to fulfill a madman's
dreams. And in the darkest hours of the war, there was no
Ban. Millions of innocent people were killed, so Rat's
children fought like the world was ending. A few of our mad
Theurges even started predicting that the End Times were
starting right then and there. They spoke of all creation
being torn apart, of the Wyrm striking in the world with
weapons never seen before. Our Theurges ranted and raved,
but only the Bone Gnawer tribe believed them.

Unfortunately, the prophets were right. The signs of the
End Times were there. Hiroshima and Nagaski fulfilled our
worst nightmares. Mankind finally had the power to destroy the
world, and the Wyrm surged with unholy delight. The Great
Serpenthad its ultimate weapon, one that would liberate it from
thousands of years of imprisonment in the Weaver's webs.

That was the first great herald of the Final Days. And now,
the end of the world is right around the corner, my friends. But
now, we're stronger than ever before. Our time of glory wasn't
in the distant Impergium. We were gaining strength because
the Apocalypse close at hand. Our children have been waiting,
biding their time. Now the rats are swarming out of the
woodpile. We're proud to be Garou! We're proud to be Bone
Gnawers! And, Goddess bless us, I'm proud to be an American!

The End Ther

Welcomed waits for a round of applause. Twenty cold and
starving men, women and wolves look back, unsure of what to
say next. The spirits have taken hold of their senses, and the spirits
in Old Man O'Reilly's booze have overwhelmed them.

Teeth-of-the-Jackal returns with another bottle, and a huge
grin on his face. The Ahroun is clearly pleased that the Recitation
has gone so well. A few listeners start sniffing intently again, then
notice the bag of cheeseburgers he's about to toss to the crowd.
Cliath, fostern, and the lone cub in the back start pacing a bit, like
they're restless to tear into some meat. The Old Man's stew, on
the other hand, has been dumped on the ground, unfit for even the
rats. As the crowd gets worked up, Teeth smiles and speaks.

Chanpter One: The Bad Ofd Days

SO HERE WE ARE AT THE END OF THE STORY.
It's as though we've been asleep for about three thousand
years, but Fat Man and Little Boy woke us up. We were
supposed to watch over the human race, but even those of
us who lived among them had failed.

Sowhere the hell are we? Standing in an empty lot, talking
about the end of the world. Drunk offourassesand freezing cold.
If our Galliard elder was here, I'd thank the Old Man for his so-
called generosity, but he isn't. We've lived in cardboard,
drinking cheap booze and dying for nothing. We've starved
long enough. We shouldn't. We should act up. We should get
involved. We've been talking all night, and that's what I've
been hearing. The time of watching and waiting on street
corners is over. Get on your feet! Feast on some meat!

How is the world going to end? You think the Wyrm's
going to bust out of the Weaver's webs and destroy all creation?
Do you think the Weaver's going to strangle everything in her
tight embrace and stagnate all living things into a cold death?
Isthe madness of the Wyld going to wash over everything when
civilization's destroyed? Or is the Apocalypse just the dawn of
anewage, where everything's going to be created all over again?

WHO GIVES A SHIT! I ain't gonna live to see it, you
ain't gonna live to see it, none of you are gonna live to see
it! I live here and now! I'm alive, and I'm going to stay that
way, no matter comes my way! We're gonna survive, even if
we have to scavenge the bones of the carcass of the world!

For three thousand years, we have waited for the End
Times. For three thousand years, we have endured shame and
disgrace. Look intothe fire, brothers and sisters! Look into the
flames! That is what the world will look like, and soon!

You hear that screaming at the back of your mind?
That's Rat, calling you to war. Yousee where we're standing,
where the parking lot used to be? That's the spirit world, the
true shape of creation! You see your brothers and sisters
taking the true form, the war form? That is your call to
battle! BROTHERS AND SISTERS, LET THE REVEL
BEGIN! THE END OF THE WORLD IS HERE!

Sunrise floods the Umbra at the dawn of a new day. A
Garou fated to become the next tribal elder tosses tightly wrapped
burgers to the crowd. Teeth-of-the-Jackal's generosity is an-
swered by a howl that resounds throughout the Umbra. His
Philodox packmate, still wearing his leather jacket in Crinos
form, seeks the scents of spirits , ready to lead a hunt in the Umbra
— Murder-of-Crows howls in triumph. Gathered around the
Umbral fire, Crinos Garou raise their voices, stomp their feet,
and praise their new tribal elder. A Ragabash patriot unfurls his
American flag as a Theurge rattles tin cans in celebration. The
tribe is of one mind again. Life among Rat's brood continues.

eee

Beneath the empty lot in the physical world, an old man in
a tattered coat lies in a sewer tunnel. His face is calm and
peaceful, bearing witness to the end of a life filled with pain. A
crow-spirit lands on the body, raises a taloned claw, and snatches
ashiny fetish dagger from the body. After a brief feast on a gobbet
of meat, it flutters away. Life in the shadows continues.

|



"Only after disaster can we be resurrected. It's only after
you've lost everything that you're free to do anything."
— Tyler Durden, Fight Club

Witng for fhe End

I won't beg. I won't roll over. And I sure as fuck don't intend
to play dead

Listen: These are the final days of the world, and I intend to
survive them by any means necessary. You may have seen my
brothers and sisters sitting on street comers, wandering the streets,
or screaming to the heavens. Did you think they were just bums? You
didn't know what they really were, but you stopped long enough to
wonder. They've been watching your city, livingas the refuse of your
society. That's fine — they're the outcasts of our society, too: the
extremists, the slackers, the rabble and the rejects. They're the
bastard children of my family — my tribe.

You don't understand, but you will. Let me be straight: I'm not
human. I don't fit nto your world. Only my tribe understands me.
Maybe I'malittle too feral, or maybe your authorities shouldn' t see what
I keep hidden down here. The shotgun. The shovel. My mystic artifacts
and my crowbar. I have no job, no home, and no legal identification, but
I do have a mission: purifying the world by killing anything that doesn't
belong there. See? You've started to understand. At least you haven't
started to run. That would be bad.

I ain't nobody's dog. I do have a certain... understanding... with
the creatures of the wild, but I'm more than an animal, much more.
Think of me as beast in human skin, a natural bom killer wrapped in
human flesh. A man with the heart of a wolf, so to speak. You feel that,
too, don't you? And then there are the rats. My god speaks to me through
the rats. You don't understand, but you will. You think I'm insane?

What bums in my blood burns in yours. That's why we found you.
That's why we've been watching you. The spirits brought us to you.
You're just like me. Wait and see.

My brothers and sisters have been watching your world, and even
they don't understand it. They're the outcasts and outsiders no one else
will accept: homeless men and religious fanatics; mental patients
turned urban mystics; white trash and urban anarchists; college
dropouts and petty criminals. Some of those fools think that the god of
our tribe is a god of peace, amother who heals, and nurtures, and feeds
them. But you and me, we're better than that. We know our god is a
god of war. They're the rabble that have been walking the Earth,
waiting for the day when heroes like you and me would come out of
hiding. We've been biding our time and stockpiling our weapons.
Waiting for the end of the world.

How do I know? Our tribe has its own share of mystics and
visionaries, madmen and shamans who live in filth and poverty,
suffering for the true signs. Our people have been gathering in the
heart of humanity for centuries, watching your world decay and
waiting for its demise. The other tribes—oh, yes, there are other
tribes, too—they've tried to stop the evil, but we know better. You
and me, we're going to outlive them all. They'll sacrifice themselves
ina glorious orgy of self-destruction, but we intend to be the last ones
standing. We've seen the true signs, and we understand.

The other tribes, they don't know the Truth. They've shamed us
and reviled us, cast us out and beaten us down. But we' ve been watching

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 31

ee eee oa


2 recor aera SSPE SPIE SETTER. RIERA

over them the whole time while living among you. Gathering trash.
Sleeping in filth. Gnawing on the carcass of the world. And spawning our
bastard children across the planet. People like me. People like you. You
think I'mcrazy? I know where you really came from. Anytime now, your
whole worldis going to change. You're about ready for your Change, too,
and once that happens, what I'm saying will all make sense. And I'll be
here waiting for you, right down here, for when you're ready.
Wait and see.

Veleome fo fle Clge

Bone Gnawers live on the fringes of society — not just human
society, but Garou culture as well. Surrounded by mankind's largest
cities, they avoid the snare of the Weaver's webs. Unfettered by
jobs, financial debts, or the obligations of mainstream society, the
tribe exists outside a system that binds humanity in servitude — at
least, from the tribe's point of view. Freedom and democracy are
their highest ideals, closely followed by equality for all. As the most
egalitarian tribe, the Bone Gnawers accept many Garou who reject
the laws and dictates other tribes impose. Anyone who bears Gaia's
blessing and can survive adversity is worthy of joining their family.

While Bone Gnawers see themselves as staunch idealists,
other tribes view them very differently. Despite the Bone
Gnawers' grand ideals, others claim, the tribe has obviously
failed to attain them. Sure, they're all equal — equally poor,
universally shunned, and openly ridiculed by the other Garou.
Their reluctance to meet society's obligations is often inter-
preted as apathy, cowardice, or laziness.

The most visible tribalists often appear insane, so infused with
the spirit of the Wyld that it's driven them to madness. Urban
spirituality blurs the line between physical reality and Umbral
distractions, to the point where Theurges often cannot tell the
difference between the two. Many cliath simply think of the tribe
as a pack of "homeless werewolves," scrounging, smelling pitiful
curs who live like scavenging animals. The thought of looking past
that shabby appearance is repulsive. Because of that revulsion,
that's often the only image they see. The truth runs deeper.

The least visible Bone Gnawers are apathetic slackers and
dropouts, rabble who refuse to even attend local moots... unless
there's something in it for them. The most estranged outsiders
live in squalid neighborhoods far from Garou septs, developing
their own camps and extended families. Yet because of this, Bone
Gnawers aren't just the last line of defense against the Wyrm —
they're often the only line of defense in places that aren't blessed
with sacred ground and a well-guarded urban caern.

Away from the scorn of other tribes, Bone Gnawers have
learned to survive with almost nothing, living off trash, handouts,
and pity. Twoconstants unify them—their thin strains of "jackal's
blood" and their poverty — yet despite great adversity, the tribe
forges great heroes, underdogs who triumph against impossible
odds. Hiding their true strength, they intend to survive the worst
horrors the Wyrm can muster. After all the other tribes have fallen
to the horrors of the Apocalypse, the Bone Gnawers intend to be
the last tribe standing... even if they must stand alone.

First Charge

Long before the First Change, a true Bone Gnawer stands out
from the rest of humanity — usually out in the cold. From an early

age, most of the tribe's homids just don't fit in human society.
While they may not know of the Weaver's madness, they can still
sense that the order and conformity around them is a lie. By the
time a homid Bone Gnawer hits adolescence, the world around
him seems like a sham. Jobs are thankless, school is pointless, and
independence is far more glamorous, at any price. Thus, by the
time of the First Change, many homid cubs have already left
broken homes, begun wandering the globe, started begging or
performing on the streets, or embraced "voluntary simplicity."

Dreams hint that the identity the poor fool knows is not his
real one. Rage stirs, driving him to long walks, abandoned jobs,
shattered relationships, or even outbreaks of mental illness. The
need to conform fades. Wealth becomes meaningless. Success
becomes irrelevant. The cub then severs all his ties to the human
world. A few lash out at authority in the cities they grow up in,
sensing something hidden behind every corporation, legal enforce-
ment agency, and urban institution they encounter. Many are
driven to heights of fury by the sights of corruption, suffering, and
exploitation around them, horrors others would just as soon ignore.

That rage builds and builds until the outcast's First Change.
The experience is painful, but in a heartbeat, it reveals the cub's
true self. The cub has no doubt suspected that something was
hidden behind the scenes of reality. The first transformation
confirms it. With hyperattenuated senses, the Bone Gnawer
feels the ozone stench of conformity all around him: the force
of the Weaver binding everything in her lifeless webs. Glass
Walkers learn to accept and exploit the Weaver, but Bone
Gnawers reject it. If they haven't dropped out of human society
by the time of their First Change, their first rage against the
Weaver webs assures it.

And behind the scenes of reality, a darker force preys upon
mankind as well. A cub can smell and sense it everywhere, but
cannot name it yet. Lurking behind urban nightmares, a tangible
evil wraps its tendrils around those who succumb to greed, addic-
tion, or despair: the tentacles of the Wyrm eroding the fabric of
reality. Other Garou may only Change when first confronted with
danger or violence, but urban cubs twitch to the pulse of the city.
Over time, just about any stimulus can push them over the edge,
laying bare the primal nature of the world.

Zone Cranert, Pound and Pealed

Awerewolf's destiny is often defined by how he reacts to the
First Change. A potential Bone Gnawer may run and hide, or he
might go mad trying to survive. Some of the tribe's greatest
heroes didn't have Bone Gnawer parents — they simply reacted
to the First Change as a typical Bone Gnawer would. A homid
may sever all his ties to his former life, abandoning his job, his
family, or even sanity to wander the world. A lupus might leave
the wilderness to investigate the mysteries of the big city. A metis
may be so filled with shame and remorse that he flees his sept,
convinced that he can survive on his own. Many Bone Gnawers
aren't born into the tribe — they turn to it because they don't
teally belong anywhere else.

Bone Gnawers who have been cut off from their Kin-
Fetches — the spirits that identify lost Garou cubs — may not
realize that there other werewolves in the world, brothers and
sisters who can help them. Obsessed with their bizarre curse,
many spiral into poverty, run from the law, or take to the

32 Bone Gnawers

i

ee ttiiemey 7 /

|


streets. These survivors are obviously prime can-
didates for the Bone Gnawer tribe, no matter who
their parents may be.

Cubs who are lucky enough to be rescued still
may not know which of the twelve tribes their parents
followed. Those with an obvious ethnic heritage —
including people of Native American, Scandinavian,
Irish, Russian or Eastern European descent — are
sometimes passed on to a particular tribe. However,
while a few tribes have rites for identifying cubs that
share their tribal heritage, most do not.

As a result, a few stereotypical cubs are sent to
the Bone Gnawer elders first: homids from broken
homes, scrawny, scavenging lupus, children from
impoverished neighborhoods and slums, "white
trash," high-school dropouts, struggling workers,
runaways, addicts and transients. After all, if it's
somebody else's problem, the Bone Gnawers should
know how to handle it. A Silver Fang's glorious
ancestry may be obvious in his regal, charismatic
bearing, but a "problem cub" usually becomes a
problem for the Bone Gnawers.

Zone Cnawert, Born ane Bred

While outsiders may consider the Bone
Gnawer tribe the detritus and dross of the Garou
Nation, a small yet determined contingent of
hardworking Gnawers are deeply offended by the
notion. Because the tribe has always stood up for
the underdog, many of its cliath are attracted to
Kinfolk who work hard and struggle regardless of
adversity. Cynics claim it's because they're trying
to scam food and crash space, but many of these
Gnawer's cubs grow up in blue-collar backgrounds,
watching a Kinfolk parent leave home everyday for
long hours of hard work.

As many of these cubs can tell you, the legend-
ary figure of John Henry was allegedly based on a
Bone Gnawer like them. Galliards claim he ham-
mered his way through a wall of rock in Crinos form
to prove he was stronger than an Iron Rider's steam
engine. Like Strong Henry, these heroes aren't afraid
to take on tasks that seem impossible. They're born
Bone Gnawers. For their tribe, they'll struggle on
like heroes, no matter how badly the odds are stacked
against them or what their reputation might be.

A dedicated core of the Bone Gnawer tribe
knows its way around construction sites, steel mills,
railroad yards, and seedy bars. They may not have
much growing up, but despite bad luck, they fight
for everything they get. No matter how poor they
are, they're proud of their tribe. For them, every
outcast adopted into the tribe is a potential ally
against its detractors. Rat's brood believes in strength
in numbers, and the ranks of these hardcore sup-
porters are growing. In tribal moots, they refer to
themselves as "Rat's Teeth."


2 amir arsine SRE sr RA ar Pace Pe eaoeren

Lunaflet

The First Change reveals a Garou's true identity,
granting him Gaia's power in all its glory. Yet for some, the
Change is a terrifying experience, one they resist with all
their strength. Because they don't want to discard their old
identity — or because they're desperately trying to holdon
to what little they have — they muster all the strength of
will they can to resist the transformation. (Think of it, if
you like, as burning Willpower every time the Change is
about to occur.) Over time, this can devastate a Garou's
psyche, driving him to the very brink of sanity. In a few
extreme cases, when the First Change finally does happen,
it drives the poor Garou to madness.

Lunatics are Garou who have been driven to insanity
because of the trauma of their First Change. The Litany is
strict about those stricken with sickness, and every tribe
treats these rare cases differently. As one would expect,
many of them are adopted either by the Children of Gaia or
the Bone Gnawers. Insanity is seen by some as a blessing,
particularly among Theurges, but the ranks of the Bone
Gnawer tribe have an unusually high percentage of Luna-
tics and madmen. With so many mentally ill humans
wandering the streets, Bone Gnawer Lunatics have founda
place in the midst of human society. Some even manage to
overcome their mental illness enough to function to some
extent in Garou society. The Flaws in Chapter Three offer
a few unusual ways to accommodate this idea in your game.

Fiat of Pasrege

When atribesendsacub on her Rite of Passage, elders watch
for the qualities they value most. Bone Gnawers value survival
and self-sufficiency; thus, werewolves who survive against impos-
sible odds attract their attention. Despite this, the Rite of Passage
is often little more than a formality for this tribe. Kin who have
lived on the street, wandered across continents with next to
nothing, endured poverty in rural backwaters, orstarved in the
wilderness have already proven their ability to survive. Asking
these cubs to goout and perform ataskon the tribe'sbehalfmerely
confirms what the tribal elders already know: the cubisasurvivor,
a trait all Bone Gnawers value.

Unfortunately, this attitude has led some'elders to become
very lax when conducting the appropriate rites. For the least
ambitious Garou, joining the Bone Gnawer tribe is an easy way
out. Their standards are low, and they don't ask much in return.
Some of the other tribes claim that the Bone Gnawers accept too
many lost cubs too quickly, nodoubt in an effort to strengthen their
own numbers. This notion has a grain of truth.

Within the tribe exists a vast swarm of rabble, werewolves
who barely participate in Garou septs and only occasionally show
up for tribal activities. As the most loosely defined part of the tribe,
they are sometimes summoned in times of war, unrest, revolution,
or political strife. Behind its apathetic image, the tribe hides its
strength and numbers, like a nest of rats breeding in a forgotten
sewer tunnel or condemned building. Garou who are born and
bred as Bone Gnawers treat the rabble as allies, comrades, or
potential shock troops, depending on their personal beliefs.

34
a

a a

Asacontrast to the apathetic rabble, Bone Gnawer heroes
strive to distinguish themselves, both as cubs on their Rite of
Passage and as cliath. They aren't held in much esteem, so they
have to work twice as hard for half as much respect. Idealists
value the renown of other Garou and fight for their deepest
beliefs. Those who see Rat as a totem of war prove themselves
by fighting the Wyrm and Weaver, and Rat's children prove
themselves by fighting dirty. Even when a Bone Gnawer hero
is down on his belly, he knows how to strike from below.

Some packs are reluctant to bring a Bone Gnawer cub on
their passage rite, or treat her so shabbily that the cub would
rather go on her own personal visionquest. Many Ragabash who
mock, disdain, or reject the values of Garou society take this
route. A Bone Gnawer on a solitary Rite of Passage may be asked
to spy on human rivals, break into a corporate office, sabotage a
construction site, scout out a threat to the human population of
acity, or destroy the Wyrm spirits breeding in a seedy neighbor-
hood single-handedly. A few volunteer for direct action and
activism by doing their part in protests, riots, animal liberation
Movements, ecoterrorism, or simply shocking displays of public
art. As one would expect, these extreme measures sometimes
serve as acts of rebellion against the ideals of the other tribes.

Leading an urban tribe of war, elders often secretly recruit
cubs that have fought the Weaver, human authority, or even the
Garou Nation. This underground movement is steadily growing,
hidden. behind a horde of struggling Bone Gnawers who don't
display their political beliefs openly. Outsiders see a tribe of rejects,
losers, dropouts, and slackers. Behind this camouflage, a few
singular Bone Gnawers hide talents for violence, criminality,
urban spirituality, and rebellion. To the Garou Nation, the shab-
bily dressed Bone Gnawers are a joke, but the tribe's most fanatic
supporters intend toget the last laugh. The tribe'stotem, Rat, hides
his "Teeth" until he needs them; he is willing to use any means
necessary to ensure his survival when forced to extremes.

Oprah

Two tribes have a far greater urban population:than any
other tribe: the Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers. Reviled as
urrah, or "tainted ones," they:are the subject of many lies,
conspiracies, and outrageous accusations. Some cliath falsely
believe that all Bone Gnawers readily defer to the Glass
Walkers, often volunteering to work for them in exchange for
money, food, and favors. After all, rumor has it that a Bone
Gnawer will lie, cheat, and steal for just about anything if he's
desperate enough. "Anything for a cheeseburger" has become
the unofficial motto of the tribe — at least according to their
critics. Whenever a desperate Garou sells out to help the
Walkers, it confirms this reputation.

Despite these stories, there is no real reason for all urban
werewolves to work together. For a start, the two tribes aren't the
only ones with Kin in the big city. Children of Gaia living close to
their Kinfolk, Fianna with close ties to Irish, English, and Scottish
relations, and Black Furies drawn to urban activism all live in cities
too. The Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers just represent two
extremes. These differences can force Garou from these tribes
apart as often as they encourage them to work together.

Many cubs think the principal difference between the two
urban tribes is wealth. Glass Walkers seem to have a lot of cash,

Bone Gnawers

iain


|

and nearly all Bone Gnawers are impoverished. This is actually
largely due toa fundamental difference in philosophy. The Glass
Walkers have found ways to study and co-exist with the Weaver,
while Bone Gnawers consider her an enemy. Walkers are fasci-
nated by human culture and eagerly emulate it; Gnawers typi-
cally drop out of human society to follow their ideals. While their
reputation as "tainted" sometimes encourages them to work
together against their common enemies, their philosophies
about the Weaver, attitudes toward human culture, and above all
else, sense of pride, separate them. One of the rabble might
compromise for a warm meal, but a hero upholds her ideals.

Aaophton and Accopparce

Some Garou join a tribe because of their lineage, making
the same choices their parents and grandparents did. Elders
who find young cubs often insist that "blood follows blood,"
indoctrinating them with reasons why they must obviously
follow the same path as their ancestors. When a legacy of Garou
makes the same choice for generations, you can tell it in the
appearance of their descendants — that's what being "pure
bred" really means.

Bone Gnawers are keenly aware that a cub can petition a
tribe that has nothing to do with his ancestry, asking to be
adopted into an entirely different family. It's not easy to do, but
sometimes, it succeeds. Not every Get of Fenris is Anglo-Saxon,
German or Scandinavian, for example; a few are accepted after
passing the tribe's Rite of Passage because they excel in the ways
of war. While adoption has been a rare practice among most of
the other tribes — until the last few decades, at least — the Bone
Gnawer tribe has always actively recruited outcasts. Not all of
them are the children of Bone Gnawers, or are even aware of who
their parents really are. Just as they scavenge food and salvage
what they find, they feel that anyone who has Garou blood
coursing through his veins can be salvaged as well with enough
work, no matter what his or her past may be.

Admittedly, few Garou want to forsake their heritage for
the sake of joining the Bone Gnawers. Instead, the tribe takes
in a lot of cubs that don't make the cut anywhere else. Maybe
a Get doesn't turn into a great warrior. If he makes a tragic
mistake on his Rite of Passage, he may become so infamous that
only Rat's brood will take him in. Perhaps a foolish young cub
has forsaken all tribes for a long time, choosing to live life as a
Ronin. If so, the Bone Gnawers are more likely to forgive him
and take him in than another tribe.

The tribe's tolerance has mixed results, of course, resulting
in many would-be heroes who spend more time hunting their
next meal than the spawn of the Wyrm. Nonetheless, they still
bolster the tribe's ranks. The tribe, like their tribal totem,
believes in strength in numbers. Some petitioners join the tribe
because the tire of the restrictions imposed by other Garou, or
perhaps the questions they insist on asking. On numerous
occasions, a merciful tribal elder has taken in a strange Garou
without asking too many questions... and then finds out about
his protégé's dark past. The elder may face mistrust or even
social ostracism from other tribes, but the Bone Gnawers are
remarkably used to such disdain.

More elite tribes accuse the Bone Gnawers of "diluting the
purity of their blood," or at least revile them for lowering the

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks

————E—E

See saeco ees eraser PENSE Nn meme

standards of the Rite of Passage. Bone Gnawer elders endure
such charges stoically. They have their own reasons for their
policies of acceptance. Their strength lies in numbers. Maybe
some of their claws are a bit duller, or their ranks are swelled
with too many slackers and dropouts. Nonetheless, when the
time is right, they swarm, skulking out of their hiding places to
attack en masse. Many elders have made the mistake of misjudg-
ing the number of Bone Gnawers in their city. The tribe often
sees itself as the last line of defense — because they value
survival as one of their highest ideals, they expect to be around
when all of the other tribes have failed or fallen.

Orhan Cnernt

One common misconception about Bone Gnawers is that
they all live in urban caerns. If this were true, then the number

The Rabbje

Every society has its own laws and culture, of course, and
the Bone Gnawers are no different. The tribe values deeds,
not ancestry. Anyone can join, but proving yourself is an-
other matter. Slackers who rarely work for the tribe are
content to linger in the ranks of the rabble. They aren't
condemned; just left alone. In their own way, they bide their
time until the tribe needs them. In times of war, tribal elders
may stir up as much of the rabble as they can find, gathering
swarms of warriors from unexpected places. In rural septs,
rabble may have their own private homes or lives miles away
from a caern —mustering them can take days or even weeks.

Rabble aren't completely antisocial, however; they
often waste time in temporary packs, whether they're
setting up tents under an underpass or just hanging out on
streetcorners. Without some kind of pack to support them,
antisocial Garou may lapse into the deep depression of
Harano, succumb to slowly mounting Rage, or become so
feral that they disconnect from the world around them.
Outcasts who abandon all pretense of civility may become
deranged mystics, madmen, or monsters. Rabble who stray
tend to drift away in twos and threes, eventually attracting
packs of humans in extended families and getting caught
up in "street life." The lupine instincts within them
prevent them from ever truly becoming lone wolves.
Despite the risks, some stray from caerns for months or
years at a time, possibly venturing into other cities nearby
or the rural countryside surrounding a sept.

A Garou can only live this life for so long before he
feels the need to return to his own kind. Packs with Bone
Gnawers may also attempt to take advantage of this
tendency. Some Garou in the tribe use the tribal Gift:
Tagalong to petition totems and caern spirits. Sometimes
it's used to petition pack totems as well. If one of the rabble
really needs a favor from the tribe or a Bone Gnawer sept,
he may agree to temporarily work with a pack for a limited
time and "tagalong" with the pack's totem spirit. In this
way, the tribe is more than just a family. For the desperate,
it offers a way to find brothers and sisters in times of
trouble. For the ruthless, it's a resource.

5

ieee

a

. ne RET WOR EES SLE a REN AL Fa cena

of werewolves in the tribe would be severely limited. Large urban
caernsare useful, but they're also rather rare. A caern is more than
just a place that werewolves gather — it's built on asite sacred to
the Earth Mother. Most cities bury Gaian energies under layers
of Weaver-webs and Wyrm-taint within their boundaries, or
pervert them into something feral and desperate. Gaia still exists
at the heart of the city, but rarely is she strong there.

Opening a caern requires more than a public park and a
few homeless Garou. Even when werewolves discover a site
that's spiritually pure in the heart of a city, performing the
proper rites to open a caern surrounded by millions of humans
isachallenge, to say the least. It may be possible to work around
this limitation by holding all the sept's rites in the Umbra, but
a Master of the Rite who relies too much on the spirit world
eventually loses touch with the real world locations he's alleg-
edly protecting. Ifa city has a major caern, however, Garou are
willing to fight and die for it. The largest urban caerns are
actually so old that cities have grown around them. Defending
such a place for centuries is an epic task.

Notevery major metropolis has sacred ground where acaern
can be formed, but the largest urban caerns that exist are famous
throughout the Garou Nation. Bone Gnawers dream of pilgrim-
ages to the greatest ones. Sometimes a pack of fostern is sent on
ajourney or quest through a network of urban caers, presumably
to learn the different ways they cope with different cities. They'll
have to hurry, though. Like the Garou themselves, the number
of urban caerns in the world is steadily dwindling.

Farm0us Orhan Creret

The Sept of the Green in New York's Central Park is one of
the most prominent urban caerns. It has only stayed alive
because, in a sense, the city was built around the heart of the
caern. At any given time, over fifty Bone Gnawers live on the
island of Manhattan, only occasionally appearing at moots at the
local sept. Mother Larissa, the sept leader, is one of the few Bone
Gnawers to hold onto such a highly esteemed position. She's
remained there for almost ten years, but it's a tenuous hold at best.
Her willingness to welcome almost any guest within the bawn of
the caern — and sometimes offer them protection — has earned
her enmity from several of New York's Shadow Lords and Fenrir.

In the Sept of the Awakening in Washington, D.C., the
local Bone Gnawers dominate a very different urban sept. The
bawn of the caern is spiritually strong because of the local
werewolves' belief in democracy and American ideals. Tradi-
tional Garou consider this belief to be a sign of either mania or
madness. Of course, the multitribal caern welcomes all Garou,
particularly Black Furies and Children of Gaia. The local Bone
Gnawers are unashamed in their display of patriotism, much to
the amusement of European visitors. Despite prolonged battles
with the local Leeches, the sept welcomes any traveler who's
willing to listen to their preaching about the values of truth,
justice, and the American way.

The Sept of the People's Will in Moscow lies at the other end
of the political spectrum. This urban caern is still struggling to
recover from its wholesale embrace of Communism and cold
war ideology. It holds an infamous place in Garou history: In
1917, the local Russian Bone Gnawers conspired to murder
their Silver Fang sept leader. The retribution was so extreme

3

ay jee

Te Pooplir Wiff

Until 1917, most of the sept leaders at the Sept of the
People's Will were Silver Fangs. Times have changed.
Through most of the year 2000, a disgraced Shadow Lord
named Gyorgi Stormraven served as the nominal sept
leader, much to the amusement of his tribal rivals. A local
cabal of Silver Fang elders appointed him to the position
both as a reward for his accomplishments and a punish-
ment for his crimes. While even the Shadow Lords consid-
ered him a laughing stock, Gyorgi bore the title as best he
could, tyrannically enforcing his authority over Bone
Gnawers who didn't respect it.

In February of 2001, Gyorgi's dead body was found
mutilated in Red Square, a sign that the Russian Bone
Gnawers had rejected even the pretense of his authority.
Since then, the Bone Gnawers have not elected another sept
leader, and have formally refused to do so. The local tribalists
have formally threatened to kill anyone who assumes the
position, proclaiming the sept a sovereign protectorate of
their tribe. Although the local Silver Fangs have been
cautiously silent about the event, tribal elders throughout
Europe are horrified. Tribal cliath throughout North and
South America have started to whisper of what such rebellion
maymean. .. orwhomay be behind it. A few haveeven begun
to privately talk about the merits of such ambition.

that the leader of the rebellion was killed outright. For over
eighty years, the caern's sept leaders served as little more than
figureheads. During that time, the local Bone Gnawers have
tried to run the sept as much like a communal caern as possible.
Within its bawn, no Garou may pull rank on another. Their
quaint politics were once tolerated as amusing, but recent
events have changed the caern's image in other parts of Europe.

Rive Cacrnt

The Bone Gnawer tribe has also spread its Kin throughout
the rural countryside. Despite their image as an urban tribe,
many of Rat's children prefer the freedom of small towns and
villages. Contrary to urban werewolves who struggle to remain
a part of human society, these rural Garou have an innate
aversion to it. Fleeing the corruption of the cities, they bear
their children far from the madness of steel and concrete
jungles. Most have private protectorates far from the bawn of
the nearest sept, but for the sake of their survival, they remem-
ber where the nearest rural caerns are hidden.

Rural Bone Gnawers follow far older traditions than their
urban relations. They sing the same folk songs their Kin have sung
for generations, living on the same land, and following the same
careers. Some rural caerns center ona local family of Bone Gnawer
Kin. While metis werewolves patrol the bawn of the nearest caern,
Kinfolk families keep watch for miles and miles around. If another
tribe dominates the caern, a few Bone Gnawers in the sept keep in
touch with their relations for miles around, including Garou who
are hesitant to approach the caern. Rural rabble are even more
hesitant to meet the scorn of other Garou in a moot, but far more
eager to help out when someone in the tribe needs assistance.

Bone Gnawers

iain:

|


When the tribe's position in the sept is threatened,
Bone Gnawers swarm the caern.

Rural Bone Gnawers take the notion of family
very seriously. In a sense, every Bone Gnawer is a
distant relation on their family tree. Hospitality
and generosity are openly displayed to any tribemate
who honors them with a visit, and they're eager to
share their ways and beliefs with any who want to
learn them — perhaps a bit too eager. In truth,
many rural Bone Gnawers are so isolated from the
rest of the Garou Nation that they have little
understanding of its culture, politics, or etiquette.
When they do show up at moots, they keep their
mouths shut and their claws ready. As one would
expect, this is exactly the way they prefer to live.

Vofamout Rural Caerns
The Dandelion Hill Sept in the southern Appala-

chians is one of the most infamous septs in existence.
Based around a minor caern, the clearing atop Dan-
delion Hill served as a meeting place for several
families of Bone Gnawers and their Kin until 1996.

Easily overshadowed by far more powerful caerns (
nearby, including the Sept of the Grandfather in

North Carolina and the Sept of the Moon in Ken- >
tucky, it remained completely isolated from the poli- 1 |

tics of the region... until a pack of cliath from New
York stopped by to visit. They arrived to trade infor-
mation about a missing fetish. They left while fleeing
one of the most terrifying ordeals of their lives.

The five Garou were welcomed at first witha ~
feast held in the honor. The pack's Theurge then | —
noticed a disturbing number of fetishes in the sept |
involving intricately carved bones. Sensing some-
thing wrong, the pack's curious Ragabash searched
around to find the source of their delicious meal...
and found it. Hidden behind the sept leader's
ramshackle house, a Kentucky smokehouse con-
tained the corpses of over thirty local men, women,
and children. Bones of previous victims were found
strewn about a pen filled with starving hogs. The
pack had uncovered a well-kept secret: one of the
largest gatherings of Man-Eaters in North America,
a cannibal cult that preyed upon human flesh.

Over a bloody three-day Memorial Day week-
end, the cult hunted the pack of outsiders through the
woods of Kentucky and North Carolina. Four of the
pack members were butchered, but the last survivor
lived long enough to pass out within the bawn of a
Fianna sept fifty miles away. Within a matter of days,
several packs visited retribution on the Dandelion
Hill Sept. After interrogating the few survivors of the
counterattack, they uncovered countless horror sto-
ties of a well-organized network of Man-Eaters
throughout the southern United States.

Since that time, the cult has dwindled consid-
erably. Nonetheless, a few packs of cubs claimed to
have relived the incident at Dandelion Hill in the


Atrocity Realm, where they have experienced the terror of
fleeing through the Appalachians pursued by enraged cannibal
Garou. While it's unfair to judge an entire camp of rural Bone
Gnawers, the Hillfolk, by the standards of these feral monsters,
that doesn't stop some other tribes from looking warily at any
Bone Gnawer who comes sauntering out of the Deep South.

Stomping Croupat

Tent cities. Shantytowns. Condemned buildings. Public
parks. In most cities, if the Bone Gnawers manage to set up a
collective home, it's a temporary one at best. Just as many
humans have a strong aversion or disdain for the homeless
coming around the places they live and work, they tend to
become suspicious of any urban location where too many Bone
Gnawers gather for too long. After all, if a dozen. werewolves
hunted through the same public park every night, it wouldn't be
long before the authorities took interest. The same Delirium that
hides the activities of the Garou prevents them from securing
permanent protectorates in major cities.

Bone Gnawers survive by staying on the move, so they
often move the places they gather from month to month. One
full moon, they may revel under a freeway overpass; the next,
they might bring food to share with people in a local homeless
shelter. Usually, the tribe holds tribal moots in places the local
populace would just as soon ignore. Each month, Bone Gnawer
Galliards perform rites to dedicate this ground. After forming
a sacred circle, they revel around the area in Homid form.
Because of the distinctive dances and drumming these Garou
use, such areas are commonly known as stomping grounds.

Until the next full moon, any Bone Gnawer can usually
expect to find someone from his tribe watching over the stomp-
ing ground. Failing that, a small infestation of urban spirits relay
messages and warnings about anyone investigating the area.
Even Garou who have worn out their welcome at a nearby caern
can find a bit of sympathy, scrounge some communal food, and
possibly score a warm place to sleep for a night. Everyone is well
fed at Bone Gnawer stomping grounds, even if the meal iscteated
with the Cooking Gift and consists of ramen and paste.

Some stomping grounds are open to humans as well, building
valuable friendships and contacts with others on the street. Bone
Gnawers like to say that Gaia blessed the Changing Breeds so that
they could watch over humanity. If a stomping ground is open to
human visitors, tribal elders may award Honor Renown to those
who show generosity to strangers.

Volta avd Socafy

Wherever Garou gather, hierarchies form and politics
result. Bone Gnawers conduct their tribal politics differently
from other Garou, in ways some find shocking, amusing, or just
plain pathetic. The most significant differences are based
around the status and stature of their elders.

Sgers, Tradl ofhers,
awd T thal Pafbors

Despite their place as outcasts of both human and Garou
society, the Bone Gnawers have a very communal tribe. Since so
many Garou have rejected them, they have astrong need tostick

|

38
O—_

together. If you're part of the tribe, it's hard to get turned away.
The local sept might not care for you, but anyone who has joined
the tribe has a right to speak out at the tribe's monthly moots.
Since the days of Athens in Ancient Greece, democracy has
been a vital part of tribal affairs.

Anyone with sufficient renown can be considered an
"elder," but because of the Bone Gnawers' egalitarian attitudes,
if anyone volunteers to serve in any position of honor or
responsibility within the tribe, a majority of the local Bone
Gnawers must vote to approve him. Of course, in tribal septs,
an elder doesn't need the support of a majority of the Gnawers
present when he makes his rulings, but a wise elder listens to
their opinions. No one is too lowly to be worthy of an opinion,
or the chance to speak it. In multitribal septs, Bone Gnawers
observe the traditions of the largest tribes present, but they're
known to have long and passionate debates in their own moots,
away from the watchful eyes of other tribes. Those who keep
quiet in public are often the most vocal in private.

No Bone Gnawer is required to attend these gatherings. In
fact, if a Gnawer personally decides to support a particular elder
fromanothertribe, the others grudgingly accept hischoice. Through-
out the tribe's history, many of the most renowned Bone Gnawers
have acted as companions and sidekicks to great heroes. Unfortu-
nately, many of these worthies associated with a hero to increase
the chance that that hero's tribe will accept their children. For
them, the chance to change their family's destiny was more
important than the opportunity to serve as a Bone Gnawer elder.

Because every Garou in the tribe is important, generosity and
compassion are admired qualities in an elder, and the fastest way to
gain the support of local Bone Gnawers. Outside the tribe, cynical
Garou misinterpret this as corruption. In actuality, most Bone
Gnawers want to ensure that asept's elders are going to be generous
to them. This long-term goal overrides any short-term political
concerns. Elders are also generous to encourage the Garou of their
tribe to actually show up at moots. Brilliant oratory is useful when
swaying a crowd, but so are gifts, clean blankets, and warm food.

Bone Gnawer elders may also earn esteem simply because of
their age. If a Garou has lived long enough, shown a lifetime of
generosity to others in his tribe, demonstrated compassion to
humans in need, and gained enough renown within the tribe, the
elder is eventually honored as a Tribal Mother or Tribal Father.
The title becomes part of the Garou's name, usually followed by
the city where they live (Father Nicholas of San Francisco and
Mother Larissa of Manhattan are two notable examples). The
honor is only accorded to the oldest Garou elder in the city, so
only one Tribal Mother or Father is present in a city at a time.

Rat? Teeth and Reputation

Bone Gnawer heroes are the exception, not the rule. Seeing
themselves as the elite of the tribe —a concept many Garou just
won't accept — they attend sept moots religiously, stand beside
heroic and valiant packs, and sacrifice their lives as valiantly as
any other character. Many of these worthies refer to themselves
as "Rat's Teeth," suggesting that when they strike, they wound
their enemies more deeply than any other Bone Gnawer. Many
player characters fall into this category; most Bone Gnawers do
not. In fact, it's a distinction accomplished Bone Gnawers make,
but other Garou do not understand.

Bone Gnawers

—


Because of the tribe's social stigma, most Garou make little
distinction between heroes and rabble. This may be unfair, but
it also makes it easier for heroes to drift back into tribal moots
and stomping grounds when a Garou caern is particularly
unjust. And no matter how heroic a Bone Gnawer may be,
other Garou of his tribe consider him "family," beholden to the
same obligations of generosity and compassion they expect of
their elders. This is especially true of Hillfolk — when one of
them has a streak of good luck, his friends and relations show
up from miles around to share in his good fortune.

Just as a successful hero may have called upon his tribe to
feed him and shelter him in a stomping ground when he was
younger, cubs and cliath may come to him for help as well.
Turning them down can draw anything from understanding
shrugs to snide remarks. The Bone Gnawers ina stomping ground
can be the last group to help you out or the most likely group to
drag you down, depending on your reputation and theirs.

Tiwk, Look, and Otter Sy

When you don't have much, you've got to watch what you've
got very closely. Bone Gnawers don't bother with human wealth,
currency or resources. Some eschew it because they're sick of the
trappings of human society; others just can't hold onto a dollar for
long because of the curse of their "jackal's blood." Either way,
without money, Bone Gnawer society relies on an elaborate system
of barter and chiminage. Urban spirits trade in this same currency,

Sena re es emecere ree ani Nes mee

granting favors for items that a Bone Gnawer would consider
precious, even if the average human would consider it worthless.

Lacking an elaborate system of numismatic denomina-
tions, Bone Gnawers divide all their material possessions into
four categories: Shit, Junk, Stuff, and Loot. The scavengers of
this tribe can lecture with Zen-like reverence on the distinc-
tions between these categories, but ultimately, such distinc-
tions are a matter of personal taste. Most ignorant humans
would simply describe all these items as trash.

Bone Gnawers tend to view creatively salvage items like this:

© Generally speaking, most of a Bone Gnawer's personal
possessions are Stuff: a little more than junk and less than loot.
It doesn't necessarily have any innate value — it's just plain cool.

¢ If it actually works like it's supposed to, it's Loot. In a
flash, the happy wolf could probably score some money for it in
a pawnshop (and probably spend it just as quickly).

© If it's good enough to hold onto, but not good enough to
throw away, it's just Junk.

© If it's absolutely worthless, even to a Bone Gnawer, it's
Shit that even a bum wouldn't carry around.

Bone Gnawer Theurges lovingly treasure the trash they
find throughout a city. There's a practical, yet spiritual, reason
for this. When a Garou lavishes a great deal of care and respect
on something in the physical world, its Umbral reflection
improves. Thus, a street shaman might carry around the tat-
tered metal frame of an umbrella in the physical world, but


2 sense rer aoe Sa UR oN AL on ra nero area

when he steps sideways, it becomes a magnificent parasol that
shelters him from the worst assaults of the elements. A hero
who steps sideways usually appears as an idealized version of
himself; thus, a Theurge in a ratty trenchcoat may become a
stylish rake when he's crossed over into the Velvet Shadow.
One man's trash really is another's treasure, at least where the
Umbra is concerned.

Theurges are the satraps of Stuff. They can see it not for
what it is, but what it should be or could be. When using rites,
Bone Gnawers often personalize their rituals by finding ways to
work in their favorite stuff. If it doesn't quite work correctly in
the physical world, it can still serve a purpose when appeasing
urban spirits. For example, the Rite of the Questing Stone uses
a stone and a piece of thread to point to a specific object or
Garou. A Theurge with the right Stuff can perform the rite by
substituting something with the same properties. The rock is
supposed to point a direction, so a shattered compass, a point-
ing action figure, a one-way sign, or even a bobbing plastic
Chihuahua head on a spring can all serve the same purpose.

Whenever two Bone Gnawers debate the exchange rate
for all this Stuff, Philodox are masters at brokering trades.
Galliards havea more direct use for Junk — they've got the style

Thathat

According to some werewolves, Trashers (or"Trashas")
are human beings who don't seem to do much more than
waste their lives creating garbage for Garou to loot. From
day to day, Trashas commute between meaningless jobs and
their almost fortified homes. This activity is perpetuated to
pay for and acquire an ongoing supply of material goods,
most of which eventually ends up in a trash pile, a landfill,
or at least a dumpster somewhere. Completely focused on
their own material gain, they allegedly can't see the "big
picture" of global issues — like the fact that they're killing
off the planet with their own filth and refuse.

Many Bone Gnawers, on the other hand, believe
they've broken free off this cycle. As Gaia's warriors,
they've liberated themselves from soul-sucking jobs, erased
their need for walls and windows, and removed their
dependence on material things. Everything they really
need can be scavenged or salvaged from the vast piles of
garbage left by mankind's uncaring disposable culture. In
this way, packs of homeless Garou can convince them-
selves that they're far superior to their poor fools sleeping
in warm beds in safe homes at night.

Outside the Bone Gnawer tribe, this philosophy is
exceedingly rare. That doesn't stop the tribe's masters of
trash, however. They continually insist that the second-
hand crap they cart around is just as good as the new and
improved crap available for sale in any mall or supermar-
ket. These gurus of garbage continually find exotic and
excessive ways to recycle and reuse just about anything
they can fish out of a trashcan or dumpster. Every time
they successfully redeem what someone else has tossed
away, they mutter about "those damn trashas," scoring a
victory for trash masters everywhere.

and aesthetics to find a way to transform it into useful Stuff.
Ragabash actually compete to see who can salvage and adapt
the most unusual items they scavenge. Spirits have their own
standards for what they like and don't like, of course. Half of a
Frisbee might be useless to a lost-dog-spirit, but an air-spirit
might find it immensely entertaining, sending it soaring on the
tight Umbral wind.

Tribal elders are honored with the best Stuff the tribe can
find. Offering actual Loot is considered crass, since it can be
exchanged for a quick buck, but thoughtful gift of Stuff can
actually influence the outcome ofa tribal moot. And any way you
look at it, when a Bone Gnawer is judged by his peers, the right
bribe at the right time can save him from being treated like Shit.

The Five Augtbeat

Bone Gnawer Ragabash are often seen as comic relief by
the other tribes — happy-go-lucky bums and shabbily dressed
hoboes. While they're certainly high-spirited, they don't get by
in urban hellholes by telling jokes. They're also thieves and
scoundrels, petty crooks and scam artists. Some are masters of
stealth and subterfuge, using their Gifts to break into places
they shouldn't be and stalk behind their prey unseen. Others
have a more political agenda, siding with the castoffs and cast-
out Garou who are crushed by tyrannical elders. If other Garou
see them as fools, it acts as a perfect fagade for the New Moons'
less savory activities.

Bone Gnawer Theurges are masters of urban ritual, scaven-
gers who can find the sacred world in the most desolate and
decrepit parts of the big city. Many are visionaries who border on
insanity, orare at least seenas mad because they view the physical
world very differently than the humans around them. Wide-eyed
mystics who look for spirits on street corners are often mistaken
for drug addicts, former mental patients, or alcoholic bums... and
sometimes they are. Just as often, they are compassionate and
caring healers who call upon the spirits to aid the disadvantaged,
starving, physically wounded, and spiritually scarred.

Bone Gnawer Philodox understand the world of humans as
well as they do the society of the Garou. Too often, other
werewolves are so obsessed with hunting the Wyrm that they
ignore the people its spiritual servitors prey on. While the Half-
Moons are fluent in arguing the law on behalf of outcast and
downtrodden Garou, they are just as passionate about justice in
the human world. In their tribal moots, they mediate to make
sure that democracy works properly. When the supernatural
world preys upon innocents, the Philodox set aside their
political concerns to pass judgment on those who would inter-
fere with their more human interests.

Bone Gnawer Galliards are known both for their very
modern approach to street performances and their need to
bring classical art to the world around them. Street musicians,
keepers of country ballads and folklore, and public-park per-
formers of Shakespeare are all allied within the same tribe. Yet
they are also witnesses to the world around them, one that
exists separate from petty Garou power struggles and spiritual
hokum. They report on the world they see in brutal terms, often
reminding werewolves about the world they are supposed to
defend by portraying it in starkly realistic stories and art.

40 Bone Gnawers

a

2 ay


SN Nn es

Bone Gnawer Ahroun fight dirty, and they
fight to win. Their strength doesn't lie in muscle,
but in cunning. Masters of sabotage, street fight-
ing, and swarm tactics, they don't go all out in a
fight unless they know the odds are on their side. In
any other battle, they wear down their greatest
enemies by harrying them with endless little at-
tacks, sometimes letting the more egotistical
Ahroun of other tribes sacrifice themselves in
foolish bids for glory. The most extreme warriors of
the tribe are experts in terrorist tactics, survivalist
agenda, militia methods and recreational demoli-
tion — and their numbers are steadily increasing.

The Three Breet
Horwlat

Since the time of the Concord, most Bone
Gnawers have lived where humans live. Thus, homids
are by far the most common breed within the tribe.
They're fluent in the ways of human society — often
just enough to shun it. Years of struggling and suffer-
ing before the First Change teach them to reject a so-
called "ordinary" life. A few manage to hang on to
miserable jobs and keep up on their bills, but most
would rather roam as free as wolves.

Homid Garou often prefer wearing Homid
form, usually seeing it as their "true" form. In most
Bone Gnawer protectorates, this is a matter of
necessity as much as one of convenience. Oppor-
tunities to freely shift out of Homid form are rare.
Crinos form rends the Veil very quickly, leaving
behind rumors and horror stories of dangerous
transients wandering the streets. Wolves may roam
freely in the wilderness, but Lupus-form Garou are
not welcome in human territories. Many cubs have
made the mistake of sleeping in a wolfs skin —
confident that they'll be mistaken for stray dogs —
and awakened to find out how fiercely humans
defend their own territories.

Living on the streets is often as brutal for
homids as it is for humans. After all, Garou don't
regenerate in their breed form. That means that
exhaustion, malnutrition, and harsh weather prey
upon great heroes as often as young cubs. Because
of this, many homids welcome the chance to es-
cape to the spirit world or run with a pack, as it
restores their bodies as muchas it heals their spirits.
This also prompts many Gnawers to make much
more use of Glabro form than other tribes might, as
it gives them much of a werewolf's strength with-
out quite endangering the Veil.

Nop

A few tribes claim to treat metis "better than
any other tribe does." As Bone Gnawers are keenly
aware, words are far easier than deeds. Many think
they know the real reason for such claims: tribal
elders need the support of metis Garou. Even a

ONE OS ECE TEI, 8 OLE LE OLE TELL ESTE I LE TONE,

41


Ser rw nen caren ner canara resem rena ered)

Shadow Lord may try to unite the metis against a sept's elders
— ifhe thinks it will further his own political schemes. In truth,
attitudes towards half-breeds are as varied as individual
werewolves. The only certain statement about metis is that
Bone Gnawers have more of them in their tribe than any other
tribe does, and with good reason.

The tribe's tendency to adopt just about any Garou who
approaches them has built up the number of metis among them.
Adopting a Garou with a different lineage than that of his
parents was once a rare practice, but as thenumber of werewolves
in the world has diminished, it has become more common. As
one would expect, a few tribes are responding to this trend by
turning their backs on their own metis, abandoning their
"bastard children." Less prejudiced tribes have countered this
by recruiting more metis cliath. Exploiting this trend, the Bone
Gnawers have attracted a veritable army of metis who aren't
afraid to express their opinions and ideas openly.

A metis has to work harder than other Garouall his life, even
during his Rite of Passage. In other tribes, metis grow up performing
duties and maintaining responsibilities within a sept. Many are
more comfortable in their Crinos forms when patrolling the bawn
of the sept's caern, but obviously, this is less common in urban
caerns. In the largest septs, everyone has to do their part. In smaller
gatherings, like Bone Gnawer stomping grounds, rabble and
slackers who drift from one place to the next develop a very lax
attitude toward honor and duty. If a metis is born to a Bone
Gnawer, she'll probably grow up with a very different perception
of the responsibilities she'll "owe" the Garou Nation. A Bone
Gnawer who fawns and scrapes in public may hold very different
opinion in private, and the tribe's metis know this well.

Lupus

One of the most common misconceptions about Bone
Gnawers concerns their lupus. Some cubs in other tribes are
taught that Bone Gnawer lupus have evolved to appear more
domesticated than other lupus Garou. Among the other tribes,
some cliath think that if they wander around a city in Lupus
form, the average human will mistake them for dogs. Legend
has it that Bone Gnawers and Children of Gaia are better at this
than any other tribe, either because they allegedly have less
anger or because of crossbreeding with other types of animals.
Ofall the insults that Garou hurl at the outcasts of the Garou
Nation, this one stings the most.

Bone Gnawers aren't human, but they're even farther from
dogs. In fact, ifawerewolf breeds with a dog, the offspringcannever
be a true shapechanger. If such a practice were to be maintained
over generations, the genetic "strain" for lycanthropy would be
bred out entirely. Admittedly, city-bred Bone Gnawers may have
lost touch with their lupine heritage. Some may even act like dogs
because they aren't fully familiar with how wolves act in the wild.
Over generations, their instincts may fade, but they never disap-
pear. A Bone Gnawer may whine and beg like a stray dog, but that
won't stop someone from eventually calling Animal Control.

Lupus Garou still have all of their lupine instincts. While
many cubs think lupus Bone Gnawers grow up in cities, most don't.
Like other lupus, most lupus Bone Gnawers are raised by wolves.
Their jackal's blood taints them, making them weak and scrawny.
A lupus Bone Gnawer is often the runt, straggler, or maverick of

4

—

a 7 es

Orhan Lupus

During the last decade, an increasing number of Bone
Gnawer lupus have taken to the cities, attracted to the vast
culture (and easy food) they find there. While homids find
life on the street exhausting, many tribal lupus consider it
exciting. Lupus recover quickly from fatigue and wounds
in Homid form. As "street rats," they manage to avoid
situations requiring them to use human technology. Mas-
querading as runaways and homeless humans, they are free
to experiment and interact with the fringes of human
society. They lack the social skills to fully interact with
human society, but still revel in a niche where they don't
really need them. Tribal Mothers and Fathers often wel-
come such experiments, offering their guests hospitality if
they fail in all their attempts. As a result, anew generation
of urban lupus Garou has flooded urban caerns... and
Bone Gnawer stomping grounds.

a pack, fitting into a wolf pack about as well as a homid fits into
human society. In most other tribes, about one in seven Garou is
a lupus, but because of natural selection, lupus Bone Gnawers are
even rarer. Much to the horror of their Red Talon kin, a few lupus
of the tribe have voluntarily chosen to leave their cubs in zoos or
on preserves. Such relations often receive regular visits and a few
tasty morsels from the nearest snack stand.

Throughout the tribe's history, there have been a few
times wheh lupus tried to increase their numbers by breeding
with other canids, but always with mixed results. During the
Impergium, the tribe once had breeding rites to assist with such
experiments, but as one would expect, they bred with feral
animals, not domestic ones. In every case of this kind, pure
Garou blood eventually became too thin to be passed on.

Asaresult, breeding with dogs has become a very shameful
activity, even among Bone Gnawers. Preying on lonely tran-
sients may be pretty low, but sniffing around housepets is
pathetic. Even a metis that wants to breed with a dog has no
doubt succumbed to some Wyrm-spawned urge. In larger urban
septs, desperate "puppy fuckers" are subjected to endless ridi-
cule. It takes a creature that's at least nine-tenths wolf to bear
a lupus; no other species will do.

Most tribes are hesitant to accept outsiders because they're
protective of their Kinfolk. Pure bred offspring are often the
result of a carefully cultivate lineage, one that can be traced
back to the primal days when tribes watched over "flocks" of
human breeding stock. Most tribes are very particular about
who Garou breed with and where. While any Garou can
presumably breed werewolves with any tribe's Kinfolk, tribal
heritage depends on keeping a watch on one's Kin.

Because of the Bone Gnawers' practice of adopting out-
casts, on the other hand, it has become impossible to a breed a
"true" representative of the tribe. Thus, Bone Gnawer Kinfolk
have no common ancestry or background. They come from a
very diverse heritage, so widespread that there is no longer such
a thing as a "pure bred" Bone Gnawer. As pure breeds are
accorded more status and respect in Garou society, this diver-

Bone Gnawers

SS


sity is another reason why the tribe faces so much social
opposition and ostracism.

Many Bone Gnawer Kinfolk belong to groups that may
have once been considered outsiders, but aren't any longer. As
an example, American Bone Gnawers felt aneed to watch over
the many waves of European immigrants that came to their
country. Fianna aren't the only Garou with Irish and Scottish
Kin; in the late 19th century, you'd find Bone Gnawer Kinfolk
within that same population. Over time, more of their Garou
descendants were welcomed into the Fianna tribe, particularly
those that demonstrated great heroism or earned glory among
the Garou. When a Garou introduces himself at a sept for the
first time, there's a chance that he may actually have a Bone
Gnawer in his lineage several generations back. Most ambi-
tious Garou do their best to conceal such facts.

Homeless Garou are also known for their wandering ways, and
sadly, some ethically challenged Bone Gnawers are overly casual
about leaving illegitimate children behind them. After all, every
child they leave behind is Kinfolk, and more Kinfolk mean the
possibility of more Garou one day. Rat's brood relies on a populous
tribe, so some Bone Gnawers actually leave Kin-Fetches to watch
over their Kinfolk as well as their cubs. Trusting that "Rat will
provide," they reason that any child that can't survive poverty and
adversity isn't worthy of helping the tribe. Tribal Theurges are
horrified at this apathetic attitude, and thus often petition Tribal
Mothers and Fathers to watch over these "lost Kinfolk." They may
even welcome them into the extended families that frequent
stomping grounds and the protectorates around Bone Gnawer septs.

Cay

Rebellious Bone Gnawers conduct elaborate "street dra-
mas" with their extended families on the streets. Responsible
ones join packs, working with other tribes. Within both groups,
heroes answer a higher calling. Each month, they volunteer
some of their time to help a cause. They may feel a need to help
unfortunates around them, explore the world, spread culture
and knowledge, or muster packs of Garou for war. When Garou
of the same tribe believe in the same ideals, they fall into the
same camp, working together for the same heroic ideals.

Some camp followers are formally initiated and accepted;
others fight for a camp's cause for personal beliefs, regardless of
whether others accept him. If a camp follower can't find others of
his kind, he may ask other Bone Gnawers for assistance. At tribal
moots, respected (and infamous) heroes from different camps
debate their different points of view. They're always working to
recruit Bone Gnawers who belong to packs that are willing to help
them, if only temporarily. On the other hand, just as other tribes
have elite camps, the Bone Gnawers have a few that are so
secretive or illegal that they recruit covertly. Garou who regularly
help a camp's followers may also get help in return — Bone
Gnawers trade favors as easily as pack rats trade shiny things.

Rit Frokt

Sleeps-with-the-Fishes, a Ragabash informant, can give you a
tip or two:

"You want facts? We're going to play a little game. You ask me a
question you want answered. I'll tell you what I want to know in
exchange. If you want the truth, it's going to cost you. Now, write down

Sram sere er a reseren FEV a en mene

what you want... take it to the fourth bathroom stall in the O'Tolley's
restroom... stick your question to a piece of chewing gum... and leave
it inside the toilet paper roll. One of our rat-spirits will contact you."

Finks trade a very valuable commodity: information. Like
many Bone Gnawers, their struggling Kinfolk often end up in
low-paying, thankless jobs. Janitors, custodians, temps, clerks,
garbage collectors, waiters, busboys, secretaries, copyeditors —
Fink Kinfolk go about their quiet lives of desperation unseen
and unnoticed. Rat Finks keep close ties with their Kin,
working hard to earn their respect and assistance.

As for the Finks themselves, they learn enough market-
able skills to drift in and out of these same professions. A few
vainly struggle to pay rent and bills, but many live double lives,
sleeping in stomping grounds by night and punching a time
clock by day. (Thus, many Rat Finks have the Merit: Struggling
listed in Chapter Three.) As their take-home pay dwindles, they
scrounge "additional compensation" from their unsuspecting
employers. Following the leads their camp uncovers, some
infiltrate companies and corporations Garou revile, including
some known for exploitation or environmental devastation.
Even a few of Pentex' subsidiaries have been brought to their
knees after Rat Finks scavenged sensitive information.

Constantly searching for scandal, they watch and wait.
Tribal Gifts, rites and fetishes give them an edge over their
mundane prey. After all, security cameras are no match for
Blissful Ignorance, and locked doors are only a minor annoy-
ance to a Garou with the Gift: Open Seal. The tribal Gift:
Everyman (see Chapter Three) is also vital for infiltrating rival
corporations and businesses.

Finks are famous for using exotic methods of transferring their
secrets. Networks of drop points gather info from one-word phone
calls, cryptic faxes, secret codes on matchbooks, words clipped
from magazines, or even notes pinned to children's jackets. To pass
the time, the camp also devises elaborate games where facts are
transferred covertly. Special phrases in personal adds, signs waved
in crowds, or seemingly nonsensical and unrelated events can
relate volumes to a fink who knows what to look for. The Finks
sometimes challenge Bone Gnawers to decode such schemes,
sometimes as a means of initiation for potential conspirators.

As one would expect, other supernatural creatures some-
times interact with this network as well. A few cautiously make
alliances with Nosferatu vampires, Ratkin spies, or even Corax
messengers. As a result, many Finks are wise enough to hide
their sources... and learn which ones can be trusted. There is,
however, a great controversy concerning the Glass Walkers, as
many Finks insist on keeping the entire tribe "out of the loop."
Some information is never traded outside the tribe, such as the
location of secret tribal caerns.

Ifacliath works with the Rat Finks, his pack can expect to
be contacted at any time in a bizarre or surprising way. While
sept elders sometimes use packs to help further their own
political struggles, the Finks methodically award renown to
allies who can find creative ways to access sensitive informa-
tion. The camp's contacts include elder Bone Gnawers who
recognize the camp's achievements in secret tribal moots,
keeping the identities and activities of the camp's follower's
secret. Only a few Bone Gnawers are rewarded by an invitation
to join this conspiracy.

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 43

a

5c ce it ec

2 Nera EE ESE FEU SPOONER: CU EL arora)

Prankweblers

Cindy, a Ragabash cub, has something to show you:

"T found it! I found the book I was looking for! It's about these kids
who run away from home and live in a museum. They hide in the
bathroom stalls after closing, and then they come out to swim in the
fountain in the lobby, and look at all the paintings, and play with all the
stuff they find, and eat in the cafeteria, and junk like that. That's where
I got the idea. That's why I ran away from home. That's why the Bone
Gnawers come to me when they want to know stuff."

Wolves are territorial creatures. Frankweilers guard their
urban domains as steadfastly as any rural lupine. Just as a Red
Talon might watch over a vast stretch of untamed wilderness, a
Frankweiler defines a few city blocks as his protectorate. Other
Garou may consider the average Bone Gnawer to be stupid,
crude, and uncultured, but these valiant defenders watch over
places where the "common man" can find art and education: art
galleries, libraries, museums, theaters, churches, temples, art
house movie theaters, or anywhere culture is readily available.

The tribe's elders encourage other Gnawers to frequent these
places, especially when they're free. Such treasures are protected as
fiercely as the tribal ideals they represent. The camp has been
known by many names throughout the years — the Hidden
Knaves, the Court of Wonders, the Phantoms — the most recent
comes from a children's book in which two kids live in a museum
after hours. True to form, Frankweilers live in the neighborhood
around their protectorate, or even within a gallery or library after
hours. While this doesn't preclude them from leaving from time to
time to work with multitribal packs, many are loners who spend as
much time as they can stand stalking the same corridors.

The original incarnation of the camp, the Theatre Lupine,
was more concerned with culture than learning. As far back as
the Renaissance, Bone Gnawer Galliards learned to eke out an
existence with itinerant troupes of actors. In the same spirit, the
most adventuresome Frankweilers travel from sept to sept,
performing classic works for free to any that care to attend.
Payment of chiminage is optional. Unfortunately, the most
zealous supporters begin to see themselves as heroic as the
fictional characters they portray.

The Theatre Lupine eventually grew enough to consider
the major theaters of Europe as part of their protectorate. As
human cities grew, the camp expanded enough to defend other
public areas of culture and education. As more became familiar
with public libraries and museums, they became expert consult-
ants on literature, drama, and science.

Today, the most renowned Frankweilers are esteemed as
scholars and educators. They may frequent one wing of amuseum
to master a particular art or science, or perhaps find a library
where they can "gnaw" on tomes instead of bones. Many are great
storytellers, repeating classical plays or ancient texts in ways
modern Garou can understand. They may even bring culture
directly to urban caerns or stomping grounds — such paragons
often name themselves after characters or authors from the
masterworks they have memorized.

In some large cities, a more permanent network of
Frankweilers works separately from the Garou Nation's septs and
caerns. When one place of culture is threatened, they all mobilize
to take action, whether that's through protest, passive resistance,

44 Bone Gnawers

[POE Le Ps ET ER, Ts TT LS

a oe

Camp: Pronor and Obegations

As you may have noticed, many camps spend time
fighting for social change (orat least claim they do). Civic-
minded Bone Gnawers help the homeless, educate the
disadvantaged, protect the defenseless, or just generally
fight for the underdog whenever they can. Some Storytell-
ers may actually work these activities into a chronicle;
others consider them the sort of pursuit that takes place
during downtime. At the Storyteller's option, a player can
declare a particularly altruistic activity he pursues when he
isn't working with his pack. If the Storyteller agrees, she
may award one point of temporary Honor for each week
the Garou upholds this "community service."

If the character actually incorporates these activities
into an adventure, he may gain additional Honor. If the
player is content to let these events take place in down-
time, they may still lead to side quests and stories. By this
method, when the supernatural preys on innocent people,
Bone Gnawers thus feel a more personal connection to
their hunts, instead of an abstract need to "hunt the
Wyrm" one more time.

unseen sabotage, or Umbral quests. Many of these locations have
also become safe havens for the city's homeless, where they can
pass time reading and learning instead of freezing and dying.

Other heroes reach out to communities, watching over
people instead of places. They may volunteer to teach literacy
or English as a second language, work in needle exchange
programs, educate the disadvantaged about public health is-
sues, or even share legal or medical skills. Since the Wyrm often
exploits the ignorant, suffering, starving or desperate, the
Frankweilers argue they help fight it through prevention,
protection, and education.

The Flood,

A Shadow Lord metis shares his ignorance:

"The Bone Gnawers want you to laugh at them. Don't you see?
They want you to think they're all a bunch of homeless bums because
they're up to something. You think I'm paranoid? I think you're not
paranoid enough. You see, at any time, their elders can call up
someone without a human name, someone without identification,
someone without a background, and then send him out to commit
crimes: steal something, break into somewhere, or kill someone. And
then, when the job's done, they send him to another city and ask him
wait in another place until they need him again. You think they're
bums? I think they're brilliant."

Fora protection racket, the Hood ain't half bad. Their camp
is based on a rather cinematic ideal: robbing from the rich and
giving to the poor. Supporters praise the camp's altruism; cynics
see their scam as yet another way of punishing the rich. Because
of this controversy, the Hood acts independently from the rest of
the tribe. Tribal elders insist that they have no knowledge of the
group's activities, or even its leaders. This doesn't stop them from
occasionally awarding renown for the group's activities at secret
tribal moots, but it does further a certain amount of "plausible
deniability." The Garou Nation has repeatedly tried to bring the


Hood to justice — largely for its violations of the Ban of Man —
but even the threat of exile rarely dissuades them.

The Hood has three primary goals. Robbing from the rich
involves hunting down individuals known for their greed and
exploitation. It's rumored that more than one Glass Walker has
unintentionally made a "contribution" to their cause. Wolves in
the Hood tend to master certain extralegal skills (namely, Stealth,
Security, and Subterfuge). Camp elders usually "mark" the homes
and territories of tyrants deemed worthy of punishment. Some are
obviously Wyrm-tainted, but others — such as slumlords, corrupt
politicians, or various esoteric supernatural entities — are not.

After a caper is done, the same Garou use their ill-gotten gains
tohelp humans out of poverty, addiction and suffering. This is more
than simply "giving to the poor" — the camp has its own particular
version of tough love. Sometimes their efforts are particularly aimed
at helping the occasional werewolf or his Kin keep himself from
going over the edge. There's a limit to their charity, however. The
Hood never gives a second chance to people who try to exploit their
help or take it for granted. If the Hood gives you twenty bucks to buy
clothes, and you spend it on cheap booze, the camp's attitude can
change from charity to enmity in a heartbeat.

The third ideal of this camp is actually protecting the
homeless, or in many cases, the innocent and undefended of a
great city. In recent years, this has led to increasing violence
between supernatural predators and the Hood. The Wyrm often
preys on poor and suffering humans. After a pack has destroyed
the spiritual evil in their midst, the Hood may move in to help
restore the victim's lives to a sane and normal existence. This
doesn't mean they're out to save everyone — the camp is far too
street smart for that. From their point of view, each city is a
dumping ground for humanity. They're just willing to take the
time to salvage the few individuals who are actually worth saving.

A few Bone Gnawers claim that Robin Hood himself
belonged to their tribe, inspiring a myth that has survived for
over a thousand years. Others claim the phrase "rob from the
tich and give to the poor" was just a cheap bit of dialogue they
ripped off from old movies. Nonetheless, the ideal endures.
Sometimes a Hood volunteers his own pack to help further the
camp's goals without their knowledge. They may think they're
trashing the estate of a Wyrm-tainted industrialist, even while
their ally knows he's just another mark.

These do-gooders take their priorities seriously. If they offer
to help someone, they watch over them to make sure they're
getting results. If a Bone Gnawer wants help from the Hood, he
better make sure he's not soaking up cheap hooch, stealing from
the wrong people, or spending his money in the wrong place. Ifhe's
gota family, his kids better be in school... or the Hood might just
snatch them up and put them ina home where they'll be better off.
Bone Gnawer Kinfolk are watched with twice as much vigilance.
While Hoods may make a mistake from time to time, they learn to
spot when someone's lying to them or ripping them off. (The
Philodox Gift: Truth of Gaia is a popular choice among them.)

The Hood gives, and takes away. It also protects its invest-
ments. If anyone else threatens one of their wards or charges, the
Hood intervenes. Fluent in the language of the streets, they aren't
afraid to confront loan sharks, street gangs, or even government
agencies to make sure others don't undo their good deeds. This

See san.re er arreneren ree SER Ne mee

infuriates Garou elders even more, especially those who value
"fighting the Wyrm" over the risk of revealing their own existence.
Like the Frankweilers, however (and many other Bone Gnawers),
Hoods believe that patrollinga city involves far more than hunting
and killing the Wyrm's minions. Simply put, they give a damn.

Duerfers

Runs-for-Cover, a Ragabash Rat Fink, has less than a minute
to tell you what he knows:

"We're screwed. If the stories are true, the Deserters took off on
great Umbral quests to find a way to save the world. Instead, they
found a glimpse of the way it's going to end. Maybe they've seen the
pure evil that's waiting to rise up and consume us all. Maybe they know
how the Garou are all going to die. Whatever they saw, their elders
ain' t telling. They just kinda sit there, staring at shadows, trying not
to peer beyond the Veil, and gibbering about the End. Doesn't the
Litany say anything about this? Why do we let them suffer like that?
Why don't we just kill them and put them out of their misery?"

Camps come and go. They change and evolve, and the
Deserters are no different. Decades ago, the Garou of this camp
decided that they'd had it with the physical world. Surrounded
by poverty, despair, and a dying planet, they fled into the Umbra.
Over time, they became experts at navigating the spirit world.
Their elders led great quests for forgotten and mystical realms,
seeking a paradise, utopia, or a refuge of the Wyld that could hide
them from the coming Apocalypse. As darkness tightens its grip
on the world, they still dream of fleeing reality like Rat Gafflings
swarming from a sinking ship. Unfortunately, many of their
greatest heroes are beginning to come to the same horrible
realization: There is no escape.

Wandering around the planet, the camp's cliath search for
pathways to other worlds, both in the Penumbra and the physical
realm. They spend more time in the Umbra than most werewolves,
and even some spirits. Many scrounge around the Gauntlet for
shortcuts and gateways, looking for the right portal or passageway
to the distant beyond to ensure their renown. Using this informa-
tion, charismatic fostern undertake expeditions deep into the
spirit world, sometimes followed by packs of enthusiastic and
gullible Garou. Accessing such a gateway often depends on
stepping sideways in the right aperture at the right time in the
correct fashion, whether that involves shimming through a
crumbling stone wall, running through a burning building, or
leaping intoa public toilet. There are some Umbral journeys only
a Deserter or a madman (or both) will attempt.

By the time a Deserter becomes an elder, he's either fled from
reality or resigned himself to a life in the realm of flesh. In recent
years, some of the camp's most renowned elders have started
coming home. They've been running from the problems of the real
world fora long time, but for reasons no one outside their camp can
fully understand, it's as though hundreds of them have decided it
was time to converge back on Mother Earth. Spending so much
time in the Umbra has driven some of their elders over the edge.
Garou are creatures of both flesh and spirit, after all; werewolves
who spend too much time in the spirit world start to disconnect
from reality. Most of these Umbral veterans can be identified by
the haunted looks in their eyes. The camp has no "leaders" as such,
only elders who are reticent to talk of things they've seen, and no
doubt were not meant to know. Bone Gnawer Galliards tell horror

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 45

EE Se ee EN

|

stories of these elder's travels, although many of their tales are non-
linear, expressionistic, or just plain mad.

Deserters aren't simply homeless — it's as though they
don't belong anywhere. Some are afraid to go near places where
Garou gather, eschewing septs and caerns with equal disdain.
Without the rites and rituals of their own kind, however, their
madness grows. Others act as though they're still not all there,
reacting to everything around them as though they were in an
alien world. Telephones and televisions become as foreign to
them as extradimensional artifacts. While Deserter elders have
profound knowledge of the Umbra, many are reluctant to go
back there for long. Outside the Velvet Shadow, their eyes dart
about, or their hands shake, or they act as though something's
ready to jump out at them from the shadows. When they do
return to the Umbra, however, they often possess a great
command of knowledge, lore, and legend, which they carefully
parcel out to cliath foolish enough to follow in their paw prints.

Like werewolves of all camps, Deserters join packs with
Garou of all tribes and breeds, yet they also demand the right to
launch into Umbral quests whenever it suits them. This gives them
a reputation of being unreliable, but because of the Deserters'
thorough knowledge of Umbral cosmology, few packs would refuse
their contributions and expertise. When they travel with followers
of their own camp, they assemble in tightly knit packs — each
member has a specialized role to perform. De-
serters also quest with Garou from other _¢ —~
packs, often after hearing fantastic rumors
from their Umbral colleagues. Anyone who
brings aremarkable new tale of Umbral adventure may
be blessed... or cursed... with an offer to accompany
Deserters on another fantastic voyage.

%

Road Warders
Walks-the-Earth, a Road Warder elder, shares what he knows:
"You think the Wyrm is only found near our caerns? Don't count
on it. The Wyrm is everywhere, and far from our protectorates, it
spawns undisturbed and unchallenged. The Road Warders are scouts
of the Garou Nation, one of several camps that searches the planet
looking for evil. Maybe we aren't as fast as the Silent Striders, but by
taking the long way, our camp finds what they're too busy running past
to notice. If you're willing to take the scenic route, I'm happy to tag
along with you for a while."
All Road Warders have one thing in common: They hate to
stay in any one place for too long. You'll find them on long bus rides
cross-country, riding the rails on rusting trains, or languishing deep
in the holds of tramp steamers. Hitchhiking is an art to them. A
Warder may try to settle down, but it never lasts for long. Like the
tribe's rabble, the Tagalong Gift is essential to them — they only
join packs temporarily, and only when it suits them. Boon compan-
ionsare often rewarded later with news far from the heavily patrolled
territories of urban septs... and further invitations to adventure.
Road Warders may not travel with the grace, style, or
speed of a Silent Strider, but they don't really seem to care
where they're going, as long as they're on the move. Many have
a fierce devotion to the Rat Totem, and as part of this religion,
maintain a fierce hatred of any werewolves who follow Owl.
The thought of serving the Owl Totem, or even helping her
children, fills them with rage.
Warders also have a philosophical difference with the

Silent Striders. While the latter group is renowned for
covering great distances very quickly, Road Warders
_ don't seem to give a damn where their destination

, is. Thejourney is always paramount. Most impor-
SN tantly, they abso-
lutely refuse
to tie
them-


down to jobs as messengers, couriers, or diplomats. Like the
rabble, they've dropped out of Garou society as much as they
have from human society. Between their time in isolation and
their exposure to many different cultures, they slowly develop
odd habits, strange modes of speaking, and even a mounting rage
that isolates them from cityfolk Garou until they stop running
long enough to "catch their breath."

Long-distance traveling also results in some odd friendships
and temporary alliances. While Road Warders may try hard to
stay away from Garou politics, they still care about the people
around them they meet on their travels. Like all Garou, they also
need the company of their own kind, even if it's just for a few
days. Typically, if they see a fellow traveler that's stranded,
endangered, or exploited, they make it their business to get
involved. When they finally make it to a tribal moot where they
can relate their strange stories, this Code of the Road earns them
quite a bit of Honor. Their stories also serve as a reminder that
the world is much larger than the bawns of its caerns.

Warders have a habit of showing up unexpectedly just
about anywhere. They may stop off at a sept dominated by Bone
Gnawers for a few days, trading tales as chiminage for their brief
stay. Some frequent the same stomping grounds from year to
year, bringing random news of other notable Garou. Many
uncover corruption spread by the Wyrm's minions far from the
watchful eyes of a caern's elders. Following the communal
instincts that make them Garou, a few set up their own
temporary stomping grounds with other Bone Gnawers, taking
over an abandoned freight car, a Kinfolk's van, or even a cross-
country bus for a week or so to perform appropriate rites. Led by
spirits, they may even come to the aid of Bone Gnawers (and
their packmates) traveling far from the safe confines of a sept.

Mifolk

Oscar Spits-Far vents his opinion:

"If we're the dregs of the Garou Nation, then the Hillfolk are
scum that sinks to the bottom. They're poor, and they're proud, and
they're horribly inbred. Here in the city, we've got culture and
civilization. City wolves see the world as it is. Hillfolk live in the
world as it was. They're living in the past, and they're hiding from
the Wyrm. You might as well just write them off."

A Hillfolk Garou spits a bit farther, and responds:

"Cityfolk think they know everything. Our kith and Kin been
getting by in the wild for centuries, since the days of the mountain men.
Tknow the old stories, and the old ways. The fads in the cities come and
go. My education comes from survival in the wilderness, not that crap
on the teevee. I can survive without a cell phone, a supermarket, or a
dumpster. I hunt what | eat and stand by my family. That's more than
I can say for those damn city wolves."

The Hillfolk are acamp of rural Bone Gnawers. Rather than
enduring scorn and poverty in the big city, they've learned to live
and survive in the wild. Hillfolk families are even more extensive
than those of their urban Kin, and twice as territorial. The
thickest concentration is spread throughout the Deep South,
particularly in the Appalachians. The camp lives much as it has
for generations, shunning all the trappings of the modern world,
including modern technology and biased education. Instead,
they tell the same stories and sing the same ballads their ancestors
did, hidden from the evils of the modern world.

 —enemmememinatiensiaeicacn

LT PE

Sadly, outsiders often see the camp as the embodiment of all
of the worst "hillbilly" stereotypes imaginable. Some claim that the
Hillfolk families are so inbred that they hide entire packs of metis.
Supposedly, Hillfolk mate with the same Kinfolk families from one
generation to the next, largely in an effort to breed more "true
Garou." Marriage with outsiders is accordingly discouraged. Tradi-
tional Garou legends and Southern folk tales are more immediate
to their lives than "book learnin'," but by modern standards, they
are considered ignorant and uncivilized. Since the mid-twentieth
century, well-meaning humans have tried to raise the local stan-
dard of living, but the camp has resisted this efforts with equal
fervor, seeing it as the eradication of their own unique culture.

Hillfolk are also infamous for their most potent creation: true
moonshine. This legendary creation gets its name from its super-
natural properties. During the full moon, Bone Gnawer "white
lightning" is infused with the spirit of the Wyld, granting it
mystical power. It is rumored that even ordinary humans may gain
brief glimpses of the Umbra after partaking of this heady brew. It
is also rumored to be the one substance that a Fianna can't shake
off with the Gift: Resist Toxin. For these and other reasons,
Hillfolk use the Delirium to scare off "revenuers" and others who
pry into their secretive activities — leading to many of the horror
stories and stereotypes mentioned above.

Outsiders never learn how much the Hillfolk revert to their
lupine forms when roaming their isolated territories, although the
South has seen an increasing number of red wolves in recent years.
The camp isalso well versed in faerie lore, often because their largest
protectorates are close to changeling freeholds. While they may be
living in the past, their society has endured long enough that the
collapse of modern civilization may leave it relatively unscathed for
awhile —an idea that fits well with the Bone Gnawer tribe's ideals.

The Swarte

Six-Pack, an Ahroun of the Swarm, spews bile:

"I ain't hiding. I'm waiting. Waiting for the time to strike.
Waiting for the call of my God. The other tribes can blather to each
other about how we're lazy, how we're weak, how we're doomed to
die. Let them waste their breath. I've been biding my time and
stockpiling in my basement. Food. Ammo. Explosives. The other
servants of the Rat God have been waiting, too. When Rat screams,
we'll answer him in a firestorm of blood and thunder."

One of the reasons the Bone Gnawers are often treated with
disdain is their attitude towards war. Great warriors honor those
who strike first and strike hardest. As the tribe's name suggests,
they have a habit of letting the "greatest share of the kill," as the
Litany demands, "go to the greatest in station." Garou who aren't
interested in being "gloryhounds" must be content to gnaw on
the bones that remain. Thus, there is a common stereotype that
Bone Gnawers are not as eager to charge into battle as other
Garou, valuing survival over the glory of battle.

Like many stereotypes, it's not entirely correct. Rat, the
tribe's totem, is a totem of war. Rat's children learn many subtle
and deceptive tactics in battle, some of which are considered
"dishonorable" by the Get, the Talons, and their allies. These
methods don't earn as much Glory, and they certainly don't earn
Honor— but they work. There's a huge difference between Silver
Fang duelists and Bone Gnawer street fighters and saboteurs.
Guerilla assaults, ambuscades and assassinations, sabotage and

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 47

=a."


Nan-Cafort

Hunger drives sane people to desperation. The Man-
Eaters were originally a cannibal cult within the Bone
Gnawer tribe. Most of its "converts" were Garou who had
succumbed to frenzy too often. Thanks to vigilance and
ingenious rites, the Bone Gnawers have shattered any
actual intersept organization of this hidden society. After
the incident at the Dandelion Hill Sept in 1996 (as
described above), a fair number of Gnawers have system-
atically hunted and killed their anthropophagous breth-
ren. Still, the Man-Eaters continue to hang on. Although
Theurges have developed the Rite of Man-Taint to hunt
down Garou who have consumed human flesh, Man-
Eaters have responded by being craftier and more secretive
in their methods. Few are foolish enough to join a sept,
although any major city may harbor one or two of them
among the local rabble.

There is, however, at least one brutal exception that
proves that these ghoulish werewolves can still gather in
numbers — the Man-Eaters of Cairo. Unknown to the rest
of the tribe, a virulent outbreak of a disease called Jackal
Fever infected Cairo's Bone Gnawer population with a
gnawing hunger for, among other things, human flesh.
Though the fever has passed, the cravings remain, with
the result that Cairo is home to a larger Man-Eater
population than has been seen anywhere else. Needless to
say, this would be a terrible concern to the rest of the tribe
— if they knew about it.

subterfuge are all ratlike tactics. Why risk your life in a straight-up
fight when the fate of the world is on the line? It's not as though
the Wyrm is going to fight fair, after all.

One camp of Bone Gnawers, nicknamed "the Swarm,"
serves as Rat's teeth in the war against the Wyrm. As masters
of Rat's tactics, they specialize in dirty fighting and under-
handed strategy. Yet as Bone Gnawers, they place the needs of
their tribe over the politics of the Garou Nation. All the
politics of that antiquated society are distractions to them.
When they show up at a caern, they're ready to fight. Some
Bone Gnawers claim that the camp won't fully mobilize for any
event short of judgment day itself.

Tribal elders call upon the Swarm when the politics of
compromise prove useless. The Swarm has many allies among the
rabble, concealing their true strength in numbers until they need
to strike with full force. The camp also has its own secret leaders,
who typically contact the camp's heroes, "Rat's Teeth," through
spiritual servitors. The tribe's elders disavow the Swarm's activities
—as with many other camps, they award Renown at tribal moots,
not caring for public perceptions of Glory and Honor.

Some of the camp's followers remain distant from the rest
of the tribe for religious reasons: they interpret the tribal totem
differently than most Bone Gnawers. Rat is not a skulking
coward fleeing for cover; for the followers of this camp, the Rat
God screams of the need for war. (See "Totems" in Chapter
Three for the horrific details.) Hearing the voice of the Rat God
is an intensely personal experience — thus, it is possible for a
Bone Gnawer to have a spiritual connection to this totem, and

4

2 acer ee a EPR SSP STL OES OTE eer

a

answer its call, even while he has dedicated himself to another
pack and pack totem. (The character only receives benefits
from his pack totem, however.) Even when the Swarm is not
currently defending a sept in wartime, its followers carry out
regular missions of sabotage and urban terrorism against their
totem's enemies. Some of the Rat God's most fervent warriors
only associate with the Swarm camp in secret, spending most
of their time as upstanding citizens in a Garou caern.

Camp followers train for the day when the Swarm's true
strength is needed. Following the requests of their elders, they
harry their enemies with many swift, surgical strikes. One of the
Swarm might receive the request to wound a specific target at
a precise time, hopefully eliciting help from his packmates.
Sometimes they receive messages carried by rat-spirits on
behalf of their tribal god, coordinating complicated strategies
only a Bone Gnawer would understand. Weakening the Wyrm
with a thousand bites and slashes, the Swarm waits until the
tight moment to send in pack-attacks of heroes. It is rumored
that the Swarm may even be interested in striking at less
supernatural targets, resorting to ecoterrorism or corporate
sabotage in many areas of the United States.

The Lbany

Werewolves are legendary because of their feral instincts
and shocking acts of violence. Yet their law and culture make
them something far nobler — they make them Garou. Even
among the Bone Gnawers, the Litany helps werewolves main-
tain at least the pretense of civility. Many have run into trouble
with human law at one time or another, but Garou law is
notably different.

Much to the amusement of the lupus, humans try to trap
the law in rules and legislation, endlessly arguing over the
words of the law rather than its spirit. Garou don't have the
same kind of written heritage that humans do. The Litany is as
much a set of precedents as a set of rules. Great Philodox can
justify their interpretation of the Litany by citing situations
where it was tested decades, centuries, or even millennia ago.
Thus, when the Fianna sing the whole paean of the Litany, it
includes tales of great trials and tribulations throughout the
history of the Garou Nation.

Unfortunately, for these reasons, Garou law is biased
against the Bone Gnawers. When Philodox and Galliards
speak about great heroes, too often the Bone Gnawers are
overlooked. The names of heroes are remembered; the names
of sidekicks, outsiders, and peasants are not. In some of the
greatest precedents of the Litany, Kinfolk and Bone Gnawers
are barely remembered as defendants, while Shadow Lord
litigators and Fianna orators are the heroes rushing to their
defense. When the Litany is argued case by case, point by point,
Philodox remind the tribe of its shame. Only a few have the
courage to stand up and oppose such prejudice.

This bias is another reason why tribal moots are important
to this tribe — Bone Gnawers are more likely to find justice
when they approach their own merciful Tribal Mothers and
Fathers than when they crawl before the elders of the nearest
sept. Because the tribe values deeds over ancestry, an outcast
may be judged by what he's done in this lifetime, not what
Garou ancestors did centuries ago. No matter how you

Bone Gnawers

Ee


deconstruct the letter of the law, the tribe is keenly aware of the
separation between the Litany and justice.

Cae tn Fobof

[The excerpts of the dialogue that follows were recorded at a
moot held at the Sept of the Green in Manhattan; the notes you're
reading were later transcribed by one of Simon Gentle's Glass
Walker Kinfolk. Zachary Ellison, a Shadow Lord, has been asked to
evaluate whether the Bone Gnawer rabble of Manhattan should be
held accountable for recent violations of the Litany. It is a dangerous
precedent, for the rabble are not regarded as citizens of their septs,
even though they hide within the protectorates of the caerns. The
outcome of this hearing will influence whether all of the city's Bone
Gnawers should be invited to attend moots at the caern.]

Zachary Ellison, Shadow Lord Philodox, addresses
the sept:

Honored sept leader, tribal elders, and esteemed representa
tives of the Garou Nation: We have gathered at this moot today
to consider the role the Bone Gnawer rabble shall play in this sept.
My tribe, the Shadow Lords, has been diligent in detailing the
Bone Gnawer tribe's numerous violations of the Litany, particu-
larly among the "rabble." I shall repeat for you what I have heard,
for even I find it shocking. Before I am done, you will see why we
must forbid them to attend the moots of our sept.

Allow me first to praise Anwar Huskar, of Jonas Albrecht's
court, for gathering so much of this information. He has traveled
across the entirety of New York State foriprécisely this purpose.
And before | begin, let us consider Victor Bonecrusher, the
foolish metis who stands opposite me. He has the temerity to
defend a tribe of cowards and scavenging curs who would vitiate
the strength of our caerns for the sake of their own survival.

By the time | have given you my thirteen arguments, you
will see why these rabble should not be admitted to our sept
again. They have refused to attend our gatherings. Further-

more, they have not earned the right to stand beside the
worthies I see arrayed before me... or even the impudent metis
that openly speaks out against me.

Garoy Shall Not ape /UL6 Garoy

Zachary Ellison, Shadow Lord Philodox, repeats the arguments
of his tribe:

My lord sept leader, I have found the Bone Gnawers
within our protectorate to have ignored the first precept of the
Litany with impunity. Our scouts have repeatedly found metis
of the tribe sheltered within the ranks of the rabble, sheltered
from their obligations to patrol and defend the septs their
parents shamed with acts of incest. It is well-known that the
Bone Gnawers have more metis than any other tribe. By
breeding indiscriminately, the tribe increases its own ranks,
demanding the privilege of a voice within our septs, yet ne-
glecting the obligation of their duties to them. Thus, if we
continue to allow rabble into our sept, we will find our ranks
swelled with indigent metis that refuse to fully carry out their
responsibility to the Garou Nation.

Victor Bonecrusher, metis Bone Gnawer Philodox, defends
his tribemates:

Our Litany does indeed state restrictions on the mating of
Garou. But if this crime has been committed, it is ridiculous to

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks

YS

SS

punish the children of these unions, especially by an act as
extreme as exile from a caern. They are blameless. They are
born innocents, and yet they suffer abuse throughout their
lives. If you can prove a Bone Gnawer has bred with another,
bring both of them forward and we will put them on trial. If you
actually believe the rabble are hiding as part of a conspiracy to
outbreed the other tribes, then by all means, you must encour-
age them to come into the caern where we can watch them
more closely. And if you feel that the metis are not working
hard enough to defend this caern, then you must welcome them
as equal brothers and sisters in the caern, not persecute them
because of a crime their parents committed years ago.

The Reality: As the Shadow Lords claim, the Bone Gnawers
watch over more metis than any other tribe. Some are castoffs,
bastards adopted from other tribes. Others are the tribe's own
children, the result of a cold night or a frightened young warrior
who thought he wouldn't live to see tomorrow. Regardless of the
punishment visited on the parents, Bone Gnawers treat their metis
with a great deal of tolerance. The tribe's metis still take on some
of the most thankless and grueling tasks in the tribe, but some are
almost treated as equals.

The tribe has a rather extreme view of sex with their own
kind: the only real crime is getting caught. While few Bone
Gnawers would admit this openly, long, lonely hours of livingon
the'street sometimes drive them to seek sympathy and comfort.
This doesn't mean that they intentionally breed packs of metis
— the crime is still punished'by the Garou Nation. However,
Bone Gnawers quickly learn to prepare for such an eventuality.
Simply put, even the most uncivilized lupus learns the value of
a little protection. Many aren't terribly open (or open-minded)
about sex, preferring to keep their liaisons furtive and transient.

Save perhaps for the Children of Gaia, other werewolves are
horrified by this idea. On the few occasions where an act of "incest"
is performed, the tribe as a whole is reviled for such attitudes. From
the Bone Gnawers' point of view, comforting another werewolf

isn't a crime. Admittedly, this has created something of a double
standard, since getting pregnant (or getting someone pregnant)
still is. In the few septs where Bone Gnawers have some modicum
of political influence, the crime is often punished by exile from the
sept. By contrast, in caerns where Bone Gnawers are treated like
serfs and peasants, the punishment is often death or ostracism from
the Garou Nation.

Combat the Wyrm Wherever It Duel
and Whenever It Breed

Zachary Ellison accuses:

Bone Gnawer cowardice is legendary. In previous moots, |
have detailed to youhow the local Bone Gnawers have consorted
with Wyrm-tainted Ratkin, conspired with Leeches, and even
brought these Wyrmspawn into their tribal moots! I have evi-
dence of so-called "Rat Finks" trading information with Nosferatu,
anactof treachery I have heard blamed on the Shadow Lords, but
without similar proof. They have suffered for their lapses in
judgment, reaping the betrayal of their treacherous acts, but we
have suffered even more for their complicity with the Wyrm. Yet
they continue to make such alliances! Would you have them
bring the taint of the Wyrm into our sept as well?

Victor Bonecrusher responds:

9

ane.

|

Neeorcccenrinon rece aoruninns geo uere seme uae res eatrwnenaeramaeh

If Bone Gnawer cowardice is legendary, so is Shadow Lord
treachery. We know how many times you have "negotiated"
treaties with the Leeches, Mr. Ellision, and how often they have
failed. Maybe you can't sense the stench of the Wyrm, Ellison, but
Ican, and so can the Warder who keeps the Wyrm's minions from
our bawn. I should also say that the local rabble have their own way
of fighting the Wyrm, by living among the humans who are
typically exploited by it. Let us address this Shadow Lord and speak
of our obligations to Gaia. We would not hide from humanity, as
he does in the safety of a sept, but seek firsthand the humans that
have been victimized by the Wyrm's depredations and heal them.
Evidently, this sept does not share such fervor. Instead, we waste
time listening once again to a Shadow Lord's monkeybabble.

The Reality: Survival often depends on choosing your
battles carefully. Bone Gnawers often see little honor (or sense) in
charging into battle against impossible odds. Some other Garou
call this cowardice, but urban Garou may consider it common
sense. For instance, many cities are crawling with vampires. Wars
against them seem to end with heavy casualties on both sides. No
matter how "Wyrm-tainted" they may seem, common sense
suggests that trying to kill them all is futile.

Cynical Bone Gnawers come to see their more martial
brothers and sisters — like the Fenrir and Red Talons — as
shock troops in the war against the Wyrm. A wise Garou knows
that an experienced hero who's lived long enough to learn how
to fight is more useful in the long run than a bloodthirsty cub
that's eager to throw his life away.

Recently, more practical Garou have espoused another inter-
pretation of this dictum, one that (admittedly) isn't fully supported
by tradition. If the Wyrm must be destroyed wherever it dwells,
then tending to places where it typically festers is a wise act of
prevention. Stopping abuse, exploitation, or suffering before it
allows the Wyrm to take over the victims (or command the
perpetrators) is therefore almost as important — or just as impor-
tant — as ceaseless violent warfare against unseen spirits. For
traditional Garou, this isa radical and provocative idea, butamong
outcasts like Bone Gnawers, it is rapidly gaining popularity.

Zachary Ellison preaches:

It is the accepted custom of cultured Garou to announce
one's name and lineage when entering the bawn of acaern for the
first time. Not so with the rabble. They skulk and creep into our
domains, ashamed to admit the names of the disreputable ances-
tors who spawned them. Yet their disrespect involves far more
than the breach of this formality. If they respected our territory,
they would report each full moon to our esteemed elders to attend
our sept moots. Look around. How many do you see? If they
cannot respect us by attending our moots regularly, this privilege
of theirs should be revoked.

Victor Bonecrusher responds:

Perhaps my colleague would like the Bone Gnawers attend-
ing our moots to present themselves properly, stating their full
lineage. Unfortunately, not all of them can. Metis don't always
know the names of their parents, nor do Bone Gnawers know of
Garou fathers who abandoned their mothers. They'd no doubt
give their names if they could. As such, this is a trivial offense at
best. If we truly welcomed the rabble, they would attend more

5

mone

moots. If we gave them a voice in the sept, they'd speak. As it is,
we have become more obsessed with line and lineage than the
opinions of the Garou we are supposed to serve. You would shame
them further when they attempt to approach us, instead of letting
them share what they have seen and heard. The mere fact that
the rabble can survive on the streets is a testimony to their ability
to respect territorial boundaries.

The Reality: "Territory" means a lot to wolves in the wild,
but the concept becomes twisted in big cities. Garou have
instincts to follow older ways, marking their territory with scent
and warning intruders with howls, but they must mute these
instincts considerably when surrounded by mankind. Human
gangs might kill each over for control of a few city blocks, but
Bone Gnawers cannot be so indiscreet. To preserve the Veil —
and more importantly, to survive — they must be far more
subtle. Most know that cities crawl with other supernatural
creatures as well, from Banes and vampires to urban shamans
and technomancers. These forces are even more discreet, and
tend to notice conflict as readily as they watch for the rending
of the Veil. Howling your ancestry is just not practical; thus,
many Bone Gnawers don't learn the subtlety of this practice.

Instead, for this tribe, respecting another's territory in-
volves remembering many little things. Don't stir up trouble in
someone else's home. Don't threaten the Veil where someone
else lives. Don't raid places where another Garou needs food.
Don't mark walls and lampposts with your urine unless you're
damn sure you can defend that territory, and don't beg on
another pack's street corner. The laws of the street have many
unwritten rules, and Bone Gnawers must learn them quickly.
This becomes just as much a matter of streetwise etiquette (or
Streetwise and Etiquette) as instinct. When they are broken,
most of the offended parties appeal to a Father or Mother or
their tribe, but barring that, democracy rules. If a Garou can't
play fair, the rabble have a right to rise en masse and drive out
an offender, either with punishment rites or outright violence.

Rural Garou obey stricter rules. Territory includes the
protectorates guarded by your relations, your Kinfolk, and possi-
bly even your mundane relatives. Many stay near their Kin —
their extended families are often blood relations. As amazing as
it may seem, some Kinfolk families maintain feuds that reach
back to the 19th century. In America, many of these rivalries can
be traced back to the Civil War. No outside force can intervene
when one family offends another. Of course, some Wyrm-tainted
Kin keep their own territory. When a Garou trespasses, an entire
family of fomori, Black Spirals or Wyrm-spirits descends on the
hapless transgressor. Territories are far larger in the country, and
are protected by more overt and obvious means than in the city.

Accept an Honorabje Surrender

Zachary Ellison scoffs:

Surely someday we shall put this dictum to the test again!
Unfortunately, we would have to find someone weak enough to
be defeated by a Bone Gnawer. Perhaps then, once they have
found someone more shamed than them, that they would harry
them through the streets.

Victor Bonecrusher cracks his knuckles:

If you would like to test this dictum, I should be delighted
to oblige you. If you would respond to one of my challenges not

Bone Gnawers

ii,


with words, but with your claws, we shall see what happens
when I force a surrender from you. Until then, perhaps you
should not speculate what will happen when you are forced to
defend yourself with something other than words. Challenge
the Swarm. Challenge our Ahroun. Challenge me. We will see
what happens when your throat is in my teeth. Don't speak to
me of cowardice when you won't face me in a fair fight.

The Reality: Bone Gnawersoften test this dictum to its limits.
Fighting with other Garou wastes lives, and many would rather bear
the disgrace of losing a challenge than running the risk of losing
one's life. Asa result, many Bone Gnawers are masters of groveling,
scraping, and bowing to get out ofa brawl. This tendency hashelped
to make them one of the most reviled tribes in the Garou Nation,
for few flaws are as ugly to a Garou as cowardice.

Yet in other sorts of challenges, Bone Gnawer heroes
excel. In tests of wisdom, urban Theurges use the mysteries of
the city to their own advantage, drawing off their own "home
court advantage." In tests of cunning, Ragabash use the dirty
tricks they've mastered as part of survival. Ahroun earn scorn
by insisting on non-violent challenges, like sports and athletic
contests, but rivals who accept these challenges often get their
asses kicked in basketball, baseball, and football. Galliards and
Philodox struggle to take what they've learned from human
society to impress their more rural rivals. This may seem unfair,
but if it a Garou takes up an urban Garou on a challenge, the
winner will at least humbly accept an honorable defeat.

Rabble bend the rules of "honorable:challénges" until they
break. When survival is on the line, there's no such thing as
honor. If someone challenges the rabble, they'll fuck up their
rivals so badly that they'll never mess with them again. If your
opponent is groveling on the ground, it's fair game to break a few
tibs with your steel-toed boots. If elders were to see these
transgressions, they'd strip the offenders of their Honor, but since
the rabble have rejected most sept-based activities, they've
forsaken the protection of this dictum.

Jubkwdon fo T Bate of Vigher Staton

Zachary Ellison condemns:

Isitreally respect these creatures display? Unlike my somewhat
crude adversary, they haven't the impudence to physically threaten
their elders. Instead, they cower. They cringe. They fawn over their
superiors. And in typical deviance, they invoke the Rite of Contri-
tion to atone for even the most minor transgressions. Yet if the
rabble truly showed respect and submission, they would do us the
honor of attending our moots each month. As it is, they only reveal
themselves when they stand to benefit. You have all seen how
readily they feign sincerity — let us not indulge this prevarication.

Victor Bonecrusher feigns surprise:

You feel our expressions of submission are insincere? How
odd for a Shadow Lord to accuse us of insincerity. We have
submitted in more ways than you can understand: submitted to
shame, submitted to scorn, and submitted to prejudice. Now you
would have the rabble submit to exile. When we come to your
sept, we obey the proper forms of obeisance. Forgive us if we aren't
willing to let you kick us more when we're down on all fours.

The Reality: In most septs, just about everyone is of "higher
station" than the Bone Gnawers. Because the tribe harbors many
outcasts and dropouts, this precept is exploited repeatedly. Bone

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks

en eae.

ee

Gnawers do a lot of bowing and scraping, but this is as much a
survival tactic as anything else. It's possible to submit to elders
openly, but honestly respecting them is another matter entirely.
For this reason, in any major city, a few urban werewolves are
hesitant to go near Garou gatherings at all. They'll show up at
tribal moots, but the thought of kneeling before intolerant,
greedy or power-mad elders isn't terribly attractive.

Despite this, a vast number of Bone Gnawers are actually
content, and even comfortable, to keep this role in Garou
society. Outsiders should keep one consideration in mind: the
low social status of Bone Gnawers isn't really a role that's forced
on them. In fact, it's accepted, almost as second nature.
Werewolves are inherently hierarchical creatures. Just as every
pack of wolves has an alpha, a Bone Gnawer intuitively knows
that he's the straggler (or sometimes, the maverick) in the group.
This doesn't prevent the odd Bone Gnawer from becoming a
great leader, but it does encourage most to feel more comfortable
following one. Ina pack, of course, the same instincts encourage
Garou to treat all their packmates as "equals" to a degree,
regarding them more by their auspice than their tribe.

Within their own tribe, Bone Gnawers hold the highest
reverence for their elders. Survival is difficult, and life is hard, so
any Gnawer who hasliveda longlife is worthy of respect. However,
not every elder holds a position of influence in the tribe. The tribal
Mothers and Fathers who can support the largest extended fami-
lies, feed and clothe the most people, and throw the best tribal
revels are accorded the highest esteem among all elders. In this
fashion, respect to those highest in station is based on genuine
admiration, not instinct or protocol.

The Fist Stare of te kip fo
Jbe Creaftatt In Staton

Zachary Ellison drips sarcasm:

Here I may concede this portion of the Litany. I have been
invited to gatherings of Bone Gnawers, and seen firsthand their
hospitality. As an adren among them, they gave me the best
food they can: a pile of wet cardboard from a simmering
cauldron, stale macaroni diluted in powdered milk, and the
remains of an animal they found in a nearby dumpster. We can
rest assured that if the rabble frequent our sept gatherings more
often, we can expect similar treasures.

Victor Bonecrusher expresses disgust:

If the food a starving man gave you wasn't good enough, I
really have nothing to say in response.

The Reality: Historically, the tribe was first called Bone
Gnawers for an obvious reason. Other Garou want the first
share of the kill, but Rat's children are content to scavenge
through whatever's left over. Gaia provides. Of course, this
works both ways: A Bone Gnawer typically doesn't mind
letting another Garou strike first if he's really dead set on
getting the greatest share of the kill. Let the poor fool risk his
life for a more succulent haunch of meat — rats learn to live off
the remains. Usually, the only time a Gnawer insists in the
greatest share is when a whole pack scavenges. When dumpster
diving, for instance, the eldest Garou is accorded the choice
bits of leftovers. When Gnawers of equal rank compete, how-
ever, the democratic ideal endures: it's every wolf for himself.

51
nnn

i tenets

peer curren Rr Se EES Lt ao an ea Uren arena

Ye Stabs Not Eat the Feth of Pormant

Zachary Ellison scowls:

Very well. You would speak of culinary habits. Let us ask the
Galliards present if they are familiar with the saga of the Dandelion
Hill? It is the most infamous example of this transgression. Perhaps
there is a reason so many of the rabble are hiding?

Victor Bonecrusher snarls in return:

If you knew the whole story, you'd know how it ended! A
vast conspiracy of the Man-Eater camp was wiped out after the
incidents at Dandelion Hill. We have even created rites for
seeking and destroying these deviants. If the rabble held a place
of importance in our moots, we could actually perform these
rites to root them out.

The Reality: To most other tribes, the Man-Eaters are an
urban legend; some believe they're still around, others feel
they've been wiped out, and some never thought they existed in
the first place. Bone Gnawers, on the other hand, still vigilantly
seek them out. They still see signs of urban cannibalism, and with
what little reputation they've got left, they don't dare repeat what
they've seen. When a cult of Man-Eaters is found, Bone Gnawers
prefer to slay them swiftly and decisively, so that these corrupt
Garou don't bring further disgrace to their tribe.

Ragpedt Thete beneath Ys —AffAre of Gata

Zachary assumes a stance of scom:

Because of the apathy and ignorance of so many Bone
Gnawer elders, their tribe's cubs and cliath — the tribalists
"beneath them" — must scavenge and scrounge for long hours
simply to hunt enough sustenance to avoid starvation. Because
they are lazy, they raise their children in poverty. Because they are
ignorant, their children are uneducated. Many even fail to teach
their children to read, or abandon them entirely. These are the
sorts of rabble you would continue to invite into our sept, creatures
so base that they cannot care for their own Kin.

Victor Bonecrusher responds with equal outrage:

My friend, I think I would turn this accusation back at you.
You speak of Bone Gnawers as though they are the least and
lowliest of our society. If this arrogance of yours is well-founded,
youshould respect all Bone Gnawers as Gaia's children. You would
also feel some obligation to see that they are fed, clothed, and
educated. You would care when they came to our caern for help,
instead of persecuting them for imagined and fabricated crimes. It
is because of the disrespect of Garou like you that the rabble have
little interest in rushing to our moots to suffer further abuse.

The Reality: As one would expect, this precept doesn't
come up much within the tribe. Bone Gnawers rarely need to
enforce respect for those beneath them. However, American
Bone Gnawers typically use this idea to justify their democratic
and often chaotic society. While elders are accorded respect,
everyone should have a say in the way a sept or family conducts
its business. A Bone Gnawer trial, as an example, often involves
ajury of peers, so that arepresentative sample of the tribe can pass
what they see as a fair judgment.

A Bone Gnawer elder who doesn't listen to lower-ranking
Garou may find herself with a revolution on her hands — or at
least a pack of disgruntled brothers and sisters who leave the
sept to wander the streets in their own families. Because of the

5.

————

attitudes other tribes have toward Bone Gnawers, the same
impulse drives tribalists to leave septs where they feel that
they've been ripped off. They may return eventually, usually to
scam food, clothes and shelter, but nothing requires a member
of this tribe to endure abuse. If they aren't shown respect, rabble
drift into their own separate societies.

The Vill abt Not Be Lifer

Zachary Ellison appeals to the elders:

The Garou of our sept are watched closely, for if one of
them were to break the Veil, we must move swiftly to erase all
traces of this transgression. We have seen the need for proper
punishment of such carelessness in this sept. Yet with so much
of the rabble existing within our protectorate unseen, we
cannot be sure how many times they have violated this sacred
law. They have not come forth. They will not come forth. We
can extend amnesty to one sect of Garou and so closely monitor
another. If they have no interest in revealing their crimes, we
must seek them out and purge them from our protectorate.

Victor Bonecrusher reminds the elders:

Ifthe rabble are so well-hidden that you cannot find themall,
it isa testimony to their ability to uphold the Veil. Countless times
I have seen cliath sent out to die to repair a rending of the Veil
instigated by amember of this caer. If the sept's cliath are careless,
they are shamed. If rabble are not discreet in hiding their true
nature, they cannot survive — they are killed. It is that simple. It
is we who have much to learn from them.

The Reality: A few urban septs have their own very strict laws
regarding the Veil. They may, for instance, insist that all visitors
remain in homid form for the duration of their stay, particularly if
the High Ban is in effect. In addition, it is possible that only the
Master of the Rite may be able to perform rituals within the caern's
bawn. In times of trouble, the sept may even have to discourage
visitors from staying overnight and drawing attention to the sacred
site. Contrary to common misconceptions about Bone Gnawers
and their Lupus form, most urban caernsalso discourage others from
wearing the skin of a wolf in the city. Understandably, this has
heightened the tension between Bone Gnawers and other tribes.
While these ideas may seem very conservative for urrah, recent
events leading to the annihilation or capture of urban caerns have

taught the tribal elders some very harsh lessons.

pant Thy Poppe
fo Tend Thy Sh

Zachary Ellison:

The rabble are indeed sickly — in body, mind, and spirit. It
is their custom to make the eldest Bone Gnawers the leaders of
their tribe. It is their wish to revere the mentally ill among them,
according them as great mystics. No matter how sick or starving
the weak of their tribe may be, they waste what little food and
clothes they have to keep them alive. Let me remind you of the
number of times Bone Gnawers have shown up for food, learn a
rite or Gift, take what they can, and leave us without proper
chiminage. If we welcome the rabble, they will bleed us dry.

Victor Bonecrusher:

Yes, we revere those who have lived long, for they have
much to teach us. Certainly, we listen to those infused with the
Wyld, for sometimes their prophecies are correct. Our es-

Bone Gnawers

cadmas.


teemed Glass Walker Philodox, Simon Gentle, can tell you of
how our mystics predicted the Crash of '29, for instance... and
what happened when they were ignored. Do not forget: When
our brothers and sisters come to us for help, we help them. If the
rabble want to approach this sept, we should welcome them, for
that is one of the reasons Gaia revealed her sacred sites to us.
They are not for a few privileged Garou, but for all that would
fight the Wyrm. With so many enemies around us, and our very
race dying out, we cannot afford to do anything less.

The Reality: Someone who cannot survive on his own is
a liability to others. Mothers and Fathers who lead and rule
wisely are treated with care, and sometimes even given a choice
share of food and loot that is scavenged. Yet if an elder can no
longer rule wisely, he must prove again that he can fend for
himself. Many old Bone Gnawers volunteer to "disappear" from
Garou society fora while to prove they're still worthy of respect.
It is a said fact of life that people die on the street every day,
slowly killed by exhaustion, starvation, inclement weather,
hopelessness or loneliness. If a Bone Gnawer cannot recover
from these ailments, he is left to these elements to die.

The tribe considers this precept to not only apply to physical
sickness, but mental illness as well. Such sickness isn't "tended" or
coddled; in fact, it may be seen as a blessing. Street people with
outbreaks of madness are often treated as visionaries. Urban Garou
sometimes react to primal forces the common populace ignores or
refuses to accept. As long asa madman can support himself, without
threatening the Veil, his dementia is tolerated. Bone Gnawer
Theurges and other prophets are often extremely eccentric. They
react to unseen spirits, treat trash as treasure, and dance to the beat
of invisible drummers. Ifa prophet can endure such trials —without
others to tend to his sickness — his insights are worthy of respect.

The Leader May Not Be
Chabenged Durtog Wartime

Zachary Ellison condemns:

Clearly the rabble have no interest in challenging our leaders
during wartime. Instead, they simply disregard their commands
and instructions. Rather than reporting for duty, most hide until
hostilities have passed. As for their own leaders, they are rarely
challenged. Instead, they indulge in this strange custom of democ-
racy, where any Garou may have the esteem of an elder.

Victor Bonecrusher issues equal condemnation:

Only a tyrant refuses to listen to the ideas of his lessers. It is
the custom of tyrannical rulers to enforce continual states of war,
using them as an excuse to persecute those who would not
support theirrule. May I remind you the number of times our tribe
has summoned rabble you later forgot to fight for us in our darkest
hours? Do you remember the names of those Garou who died to
keep this caern secure? Did they question the dictates of their
elders? No. They did not question; they obeyed. They fought and
died like Garou, and by recognizing the rabble, we honor them.

The Reality: The tribal totem, Rat, isa totem of war. Urban
warfare, orchestrated rebellion, the element of surprise, and
strength in numbers are powerful weapons in his arsenal. Pack
instincts are essential to the tribe's swarm tactics — thus, those
who command the swarm should not be questioned. Even the
weak have a role to play in battle when they follow the strong. By
following the leader's actions, they wait to strike when the time

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks

Reems

ANNs ee

is right. Thus, Bone Gnawers uphold this instinct religiously.
Freedom is a privilege in times of peace, but pack tactics are
crucial in times of war.

Ye Sha Take NoAdtion
ThatAtors a Caern fo Be Violated,

Zachary Ellison cites what has been seen:

The rabble have already begun to plot against us. They form
their own temporary septs, with only minimal concern for
secrecy and security. After all, these temporary unions result in
them abandoning their "stomping grounds" within a week or so.
They flee, leaving enough evidence and rending of the Veil for
suspicious humans and vengeful creatures to take their ven-
geance on the nearest Garou — namely, us. Again I say they are
unworthy of the protection and sagacious leadership of our sept.

Victor Bonecrusher explains practical concems:

What you describe is an act performed out of necessity.
Most cities don't have urban caerns to welcome the rabble, or
even to defend humanity against the predations of the Wyrm's
minions. Even worse, there are septs that recognize some Garou
and shun others. If you refuse to allow the rabble to come within
the bawn of our caern, you will not reduce the number of
stomping grounds, but increase them. If you turn them away,
they cannot help us protect our sept in times of need. As a
result, the chances of our own caern being violated increase.

The Reality: Urban caerns are few and far between. Every
time one is lost, it is a major defeat. A Bone Gnawer who violates
this precept may find himself exiled from all septs, forced to live
solely on the streets — ifhe lives. Those who endanger the survival
of the tribe give up their own right to survive.

The Verdot

[My employer, Mr. Gentle, has asked me to append a description
of the verdict of this debate. lam indeed impressed that Victor Bonecrusher
has done such a thorough job of responding to the charges of an adren
Shadow Lord. His rhetoric has convinced a majority of Mother Larissa's
elder council of "advisors" to continue welcoming the rabble inside the
sept. To address the concems of the opposition, these guests will be asked
to provided the most complete description of their lineage that they can.
The Philodox, with their knowledge of the "Truth of Gaia," have offered
to adjudicate inquiries regarding the parentage of the rabble, particularly
their metis. Here in Manhattan, their chiminage for learning rites and
Gifts will then include a minimum number of moots that must be
attended, particularly during the period of instruction.

Zachary Ellison has purchased a few additional concessions.
He has reinforced the idea that the rabble must report to the sept
during wartime, introduce themselves long enough to answer to the
Rite of Man-Taint, present their metis for a minimum amount of
guard duty, and submit to investigations regarding their parentage.
In exchange, as far as I can tell, they will be offered food at moots as
part of their "respect as creatures of Gaia."

Victor Bonecrusher thinks he has won, but that Shadow Lord
is a slippery one. I almost think he intended to lose this debate to
further his investigations of the rabble. Bonecrusher, as part of his
insistence that the rabble should play a more active role in the sept,
has allowed his rival the opportunity to investigate their activities
further. We shall see if they can live up to the high opinions this metis
has of his own tribe.]

3

SS


Seer rare erase core arene ve orc a rem mrrenseeren sh)

The High Ban

In urban caerns, two precepts of the Litany are of vital
importance: preserving the Veil, and avoiding activity that
would place acaern in danger. When one of those dictumshas
been grossly violated, sept leaders take extreme measures to
ensure their safety. The Bone Gnawer tribe devised one of the
most extreme methods, the High Ban, asa drastic solution for
acritical threat to the caern's safety. Despite all this justifica-
tion, upholding the High Ban is a pain in the ass.

Ifasept leader issues this decree, it is taken as seriously
as a declaration of war— none may question it. While the
High Ban is in effect, no Garou may shift out of Homid
form unless he enters the Umbra. The danger is so great
that the mere sight of a Crinos or Lupus form may further
endanger the Veil. This can be deadly to homid Garou,
since they cannot heal in their breed form. However, if a
homid is wounded, he is encouraged to find a place where
he can step sideways, shift forms, and heal.

Sometimes Garou voluntarily pledge to uphold the
High Ban so that they can justify working closely with
normal humans. Throughout the history of the Bone Gnawer
tribe, it has allowed Garou to pursue activities the elders
would normally shun — living closely with humans outside
the sept, volunteering to fight in human wars, and so on.

While it is not held with as much reverence as it was in
previous eras, a metis or lupus gains 3 Honor for voluntarily
upholding the High Ban for a full cycle of the moon. The
Garou is praised for trying to understand the very humans the
Garou once pledged to protect. A homid Garou gains 5 Honor
for making the same pledge. Breaking the Ban after promising
to uphold it costs 5 Honor, no matter what the Garou's breed
is. Ingame terms, a Storyteller may award an extra point or two
of Honor if a pack can survive an entire adventure during a
declaration of the High Ban without shifting.

Instdere: The Otter Trhber

Lhack Pilar

Sleeps-with-the-Fishes, a Ragabash informant, shoots his
mouth off:

"These ladies don't take crap from anyone. They watch out
for the poor and suffering almost as much as we do, except for one
slight complication — the Furies bear a grudge against half the
human race. Hey, I just call 'em like I see 'em. For the Furies,
women and children are worthy of protection, but for some
reason, men don't deserve the same respect. If you want to work
with them, you'll just have to cope."

Oscar Spits-Far complains again:

"Damn uppity women. Hey, I live off garbage, but you
don't hear me complaining. But these gals? Bitch, bitch, bitch.
Their cliath walk around looking to start fights, but when they
get them, they're all offended. Fuck 'em. And if you know me,
you know | mean that literally."

ire of Gala
Mother May Eye, a Galliard elder, praises her allies:

54 Bone Gnawers

0 POPE Ps ST a ee ey,

"The Gaians are the only tribe that really understands us.
Their compassion and mercy have saved many of our brothers
and sisters from starving or dying. They're also willing to look
out for the poor and exploited, making them valuable allies.
When we run out of food, space, or help, we are wise to turn to
the Gaians for help."

Dagger-Bite, an Ahroun scout, spits in disapproval:

"Wedon'tneed theirhelp, or their pity. Gaia gaveme all Ineed
to get by on my own. And when we go to war, their tribe and ours
definitely don'tsee eye to eye. Rat gaveme thestrength and cunning
to fight, so when I go out to battle, I go all out. Mercy for the weak
and downtrodden is one thing. Mercy towards your enemies is
another thing entirely. It's called ‘treason."

Fama

Second Helping, a rotund Ragabash epicure, tells another tale
at a local pub:

"You think all these guys do is drink and fight? That's a
mistake. If you believe that lie, then the Fianna are almost as
misunderstood as we are. Believe me, they've suffered almost as
much as we have. In fact, there was a time in America when the
Fianna weren't considered much better than Bone Gnawers. Of
course, they managed to pull themselves up by their bootstraps. As
for us, well, most of the folks in my pack don't even have boots."

Coat of Fanrt
Not Here, Ragabash thief, steals afew seconds to talk with you:
"Fenrir have their place. They treat us like crap, but as long
as you praise their courage and strength, they can't lay into you
too hard. We should honor the fact that they're such great
warriors and such, largely because it keeps them on our side.

Yeah, they've got their place. I prefer when they stand up front
and I hide in the back."

Glau Walkers

Trasha Basha, Theurge scavenger, comes out of hiding to confide:

"You expect me to say we should be all buddy-buddy with
these guys? They've got money and power, so we should get all
cozy with them, huh? Way back in the Twenties, there was a
chance that the two of us would become one tribe, but now,
that's long gone. Everyone's thinking that they should be in
control and we should be their lackeys, but they won't pry
themselves away from their damn cell phones long enough to
give us the time of day. To hell with them. They won't even
properly respect our elders, so if it's all the same to you, I'd just
as soon piss on their Gucci's."

Acub awaiting a Bone Gnawer Rite of Passage talks about his
greatest benefactor:

"What? It's a job! The Glass Walker asks me do to things,
and he pays me. Real money, too! Warm food! He thinks he's
scamming me, but I'm scamming him. Wait and see."

Red Tifort
Reads-the-Paper, Frankweiler scholar, blows his stack:
"What the hell happened to the Talons? Wiping out
humanity is a betrayal of all that's made us Garou. If they want
to save wolves around the world, then that's great, but killing
off humans is a damn foolish way to do it. Yeah, that's really


what we need: more urban legends about animals attacking
poor defenseless humans."

Raven Can-Kicker, lupus street rat, explains:

"I'm sick of forests. Lupus are dumb to stay in forests. Forests
suck. Time to move to the city, eh? Homids pretend to be wolves,
we can live as humans. Nothing more to say, eh?"

Joseph Chews-Through-Steel, a Ragabash Rat Fink, whispers
a few facts:

"Shadow Lords? They use us, and we use them. They just
don't realize it. Our Rat Finks feed them information, but only
when the flow of secrets works both ways: More and more Bone
Gnawers are dissatisfied with the other tribes, so if we need to
undermine the sept elders who mistreatus, the Shadow Lords are
useful, if temporary, allies. What, you think all this conspiracy is
going to turn more Lords into sept leaders? Don't you count on
it. The rabble are gathering to swarm, andwhen they do, they'll
be standing behind those treacherous Shadow Lords... with their
Rat Daggers ready. Hey, I may be a rat, but | ain't stupid."

Ment Stehfert

Shortcut, Philodox Road Warder, tells another tale:

"What's not to like? We travel a lot, even if it's not in first
class, so it's useful to have a Silent Strider in your pack. They scout
the best paths, find the best shortcuts — next to mine — and pass
the time with wonderful stories. Of course, with them, it's always
rush, rush, rush. And mind you, I don't care for their obsession with
dead things, ghosts, and mummies, but ifa Strider wants tobe alpha
when I'm traveling, I'm happy to tag along. Then again, I serve
Jackal, so your mileage may vary."

Six-Pack, an Ahroun of the Swarm, sharpens his blade:

"Ever since Khem fell, Owl and Rat have hated each other.
Any enemy of Rat is my enemy, too. I am Rat. I am his teeth in
the dark. I am his knife in the back, the song of a blade as it leaps
from its sheath. Owl's children run, but I stand and fight. They
carry their messages from sept to sept, but lam loyal to one sept,
waiting for its times of war. When Rat calls, | answer. When
Owl calls, the Striders run away."

Seer Fangs

Joe Crow, Philodox mediator (and professional janitor) ,
sounds off:

"Yes, sir. No, sir. Whatever you say, sir. Being Garou means
knowing your place, so I'm not stupid enough to call the Silver
Fangs on theirs. They go their way, and I go mine. One thing to
look out for though — they aren't entirely reliable. Shadow Lords
can't be trusted, but Silver Fangs are just as undependable. Not all
the wiring's hooked up. So you should treat them like you'd treat
your boss. Smile and nod when he's talking, then be real sneaky
when you're goofing off."

Fyodor Slams-Stoli, a Ragabash rabble-rouser, fumes:

"BAH! Too long have we cowed before the Silver Fangs, and
what has it gotten us? Nyet! The rabble are right to forsake their
elders. The world is in the mess it is today because of the elders. We
have waited thousands of years for the coming of the Apocalypse.
The time tostrike isnow. Before we can actasa tribe, we must unite
against the elders who would oppress us."

> napalm

Ufena

A Theurge peers into the shadows:

"Our tribe doesn't pay enough attention to the dangers of the
Wyrm. We don't encourage our warriors to fight its minions, since
so many of us are waiting for the other tribes to fall first. Well, I think
we've become blind to the presence of the Wyrm in our midst. Take
the Uktena. They know the Wyrmalittle too well, if you know what
1 mean. Their Kin come from all over the world, just like us, but
because of that, they know about the occultall of the world, too. And
they don't share what they know, Don't like'em. Don't trust 'em. I'd
rather stay here in my cardboard box, if you don't mind. Mmmm.
Nice, safe cardboard."

A Philodox plays devil's advocate:

"We aren't all that different. They come from human
tribes all over the world, and many of their Kinfolk were once
enslaved, conquered, or nearly wiped out. We stick up for
underdogs, and fight to defend them. Sounds like we have some
common interests, right?"

Wendlgo

Red Blood, Ahroun warrior for the American Dream, preaches

"Get over it! The Wendigo ate pissed because the
‘Wyrmcomers' stole their land and septs. It's ancient history!
Do you know what we have today because of those explorers
and settlers? The United Freaking States of America, that's
what! The leading nation of the free world! There's a place for
people of all races, creeds, and religions in the U.S. of A. But
those Wendigo, well, they've been retreating farther and far-
ther into the Great White North, and they keep moaning about
what we've done to them. Imagine that! They'd rather live in
a country with gun control and socialized medicine. Well, if
they don't love America, they can leave it, right?"
JShargazert

A homid street rat bums a smoke and speaks his mind:

"Can't say I blame them. If the elders treat you like shit,
just walk out. If your family needs you more than the sept, keep
your priorities straight: The Stargazers have their own septs to
defend, and the Garou Nation ain't helping them. They're
probably desperate for help, too. Hey, do you know how much
a ticket to Tibet would cost?"

The Ofbers

Here's a good strategy for survival: avoid anything that can
kill you. Werewolves are strong, but Bone Gnawers aren't
stupid. Much of what they know about the supernatural comes
from what they've seen it do to human victims. Other Garou
may see this as cowardice, but Rat's brood prefers to hide from
danger when there's no point in fighting it. And with so much
time on their hands, homeless Bone Gnawers love to embellish
their horror stories about how dangerous the streets really are.

Vamphoes

An Ahroun shows his battle scars:

Don't trust them. Ever. See this eye? It weren't no wolf that
did that. It was one of those fucked-up looking Leeches, a corpse
Iwas dumb enough to fight beside. A few times in our history, some

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 55

SS

|

Seer eevee wiser renee

of them have managed to work with some of us, but in the longrun,
all those pacts ended with broken deals and dead Garou. Our boys
die, and they just sit back and take over more of the human race.

You may have heard that some of them struggle to keep
acting like they did when they were alive — pretending they're
human — but they always lose that struggle in the end. And
when we trust them, we always lose. A Leech only survives for
centuries by placing his own survival first and foremost. Over
the centuries, the taint of corruption festers in him like pus in
a wound. If a Cadaver cuts a deal with you, it will only last as
long as he can benefit ftom it. Then he'll cut you.

Gaia gave usstrength to protect humanity, but Leeches prey
upon humans: The homeless, the poor, and the mentally ill are
particularly easy victims, and vampires specialize in exploiting
them. Many Bone Gnawers consider those people to be their
brothers and sisters, treating them like family. In fact, with us,
they often are Kin. By aiding vampires, you place all those
innocents in jeopardy. Gaia's strength is the power of life, but the
Leeches are death incarnate, undead who makea mockery of the
natural order. Our survival depends upon their destruction. You
want to know what I think? I think I want my damn eye back.

A Rat Fink conspires with you:

Okay, listen up, and don't dare repeat what I'm telling you.
If the rest of the tribe figures out we're working with Leeches,
we're screwed. They don't trust us, and we don't trust them, so
this is just going to be a simple exchange of information. Down

in the sewers, if you can
put a word in their cauli-
flower ears, then Bob's your uncle. You've got to give something
to get something, though, so we're going to sell out a few facts
about the local Shadow Lords and Fenrir that are vital to them,
and trivial to us. Stick close by me and don't say a damn thing.
Just keep that gun drawn.

Just as the Garou don't really care for us, this Deformed
scumbag we're talking to — they like the name "nosferatu"
better than "vampire," so remember that — he's pretty much
reviled among his kind as well. That means he's a bit sympa-
thetic to our cause. But he'd sell is out in a heartbeat, if he had
one. Keep alert. These guys specialize in stealth and illusion,
and they can be watching you at any minute. Trust your senses,
too. Only a few of them don't reek of Wyrm taint, and even they
can't be trusted. And whatever you do, don't touch them. Their
blood is diseased, and you don't know where they've been. Got
it? Good. Let's get down to business.

Jorcerert

A Theurge instructs on the nature of sorcery:

Our mystics draw on the power of magic by working with
the spirits — they are urban shamans who work with the power
of creation. More precisely, Gaia works through us as we
preserve Her world, showing us the sacred ways of Her spirits.
There are some humans who also draw on the power of magic,

56 Bone Gnawers

Tl a

2S Sn yyy

y

but they do it in defiance of Gaia's creation. They enact their
will by reworking the world around them.

A Theurge uses her mystic arts for the benefit of her people,
buta mage, by definition, uses the strength of her will to serve her
own purposes, not Gaia's. Even those who claim to be shamans,
who can call upon the spirits, subjugate them to serve their own
ends. We know what they do is wrong because the world takes
vengeance against these witches and warlocks. If you dare to
study with one of these practitioners, you'll see how the natural
world takes vengeance against them. Stand beside them, and the
Earth's vengeance will strike you down just as swiftly.

An urban shaman contradicts:

You can learn a lot from these folks. See, they aren't hung
up on the details of their rituals — they've got an amazing talent
for improvisation, just as our best Theurges do. That's what street
magic is all about: making the best of what you have. You don't
have pure spring water, you bless a little Pepsi. You don't have a
willow branch, you find a car antenna. It's always trickier to
improvise, but where there'sa will, as the mages say, there's a way.

Okay, so maybe their style is a little dangerous. When they
draw upon too much power, something slams them back down
for getting so uppity. Me, I think it's the Weaver that does that,
and as you know, I've got no love for the Weaver. Okay, so
maybe they aren't allowed inside caerns because a few of them
have ripped off the caern's energy. Hey, I'm not allowed inside
the caern anymore either! Needs must as the Devil drives, and
if you've got to make a deal with the Devil, I don't mind having
a street mage riding shotgun, know what I mean?

Huynfors

A craven Philodox freaks out when the subject of hunters is
mentioned:

Oh, this is bad. Very, very bad. It used to be that, once in a
while, we'd run across a human with the strength of will to resist
the Delirium and see us for who we really were. More often than
not, they'd go bugfuck and try to take out our one of our pack. Well,
since the Eye of the Wyrm started blazing in the heavens, some of
these hunters have found their own special brand of magic. My
brother's cousin, he used to laugh like your laughing right now. He
ain't laughing no more. He's dead. I've heard tales about human
killing machines, about madmen who could look the worst evils of
the supernatural world right in the eye and not be affected. I don't
know where this power comes from — whether it's the Wyrm or
Weaver, heaven or hell — but even worse, they don't know either.
Best to play it safe. Don't summon up trouble you can't put down.

If you find some psycho is stalking you, don't think he's weak
just because he's human. He might just have an edge you don't
know about. Rat has taught us that safety lies in numbers, so rely on
your pack to help you wipe out that batshit mofo, and fast. They've
got to be crazy, right? Anyone who's terrified by the presence of
starving, dumpster-diving, homeless werewolves has an instinct for
survival, but anyone who'd go hunting them is psychotic. So if they
find you, you didn't hear this shit from me, okay?

The Rutt Dead

A Ragabash gets serious:
Yes, I'man idiot. When I wasacub, ona few cold nights, I had
tosleep inacondemned building, ornear the wreckage of acrashed

car, or worst of all, a graveyard. Let me tell you from experience: it's
a bad idea. 'Cause just as there are places where Gaia's strength
flows into the world, there are places that are tainted by the other
side, hellholes haunted by the spirits of the dead. Some nasty event
prevented them from passing on, or some twisted obsession keeps
them in the world. Just as the Penumbra is a realm of Life, the Dark
Umbra is a realm of death, where ghosts and spooks watch your
every move. And even worse, they aren't spirits, so our rituals have
no affect on them. Screw it. The only defenses you have against
these bastards are your teeth and claws, so if you can't avoid them,
shred them. You'll sleep easier at night. You'll sleep even better if
you avoid any place that's haunted.

The Fae

A Galliard tells it to you straight:

There's no place for faeries in the world. The only ones that
are left are pale imitations of what they used to be, fae children
raised in the human world. They see the world differently than we
do, seeing it as they'd like it to be instead of the way it really is. I
know what the world is really like. It sucks. True love dies out,
peoplestarve on thestreets, and honor only exists among the Garou
—well, most of them. They can't face these facts; in fact, itactually,
physically, slowly kills them. I think they hang out together because
they're all in denial about how much the world has changed. While
some of them are charming, or even lovely, falling in love with
them will just break your heart. The Fianna sugarcoat this sort of
story, but I won't. If they aren't extinct yet, they're damn close.

The Lera

Walks-the-Earth, Road Warder elder, hitches a ride with you
for a while:

You want to hear about the Fera? If you keep driving, I'll
keep talking. See, I've been around. I've been wandering the
country looking for the American Dream for almost twenty
years. In my travels, I've picked up a bad habit of finding things
no sane Garou should see. And even then, the Code of the
Road demands that I get involved when I see folks in trouble.
In other words, I've seen things, things maybe one in a thousand
of us ever see, and if you listen to a tale or two, you might just
figure out what to do if you see them too.

There's one thing you should know about the Road
Warders: it gets lonely on the road. A Garou needs a pack to
stay sane. Without one, he starts to turn feral, or go crazy, or
just lose touch with everything. If I can't find a pack to tag
along with for a while, I've got to sniff out someone to talk to.
Sometimes, I've ended up talking to someone for hours before
realizing he wasn't really one of us. You are one of us, right?
You smell like Garou. Wait — don't tell me. | don't want to
know yet. Surprise me.

Atdba

Yeah, Teeth-of-Jackal told me all about these guys. They
used to be all over Africa. Hell, he says they used to hunt beside
Jackal packs when times were lean. Then the Wyrm started
driving them crazy. Of course, Teeth says a lot of things. About
ten years ago, | spent a month wandering around Northern

Africa looking for traces of those "scavenger septs" he talks
about, but I didn't find a damn thing.

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 57

pn A A

Seer eee ree ear Gr LA rr rere

Aparna

Ick. And you thought the Leeches were bad. When I meet
vampires, I can usually tell if they're tainted by the Wyrm right
away. The few Ananasi I've seen looked as bleak and pale as any
Leech, but it was hard to tell if they followed the Weaver, Wyld,
or Wyrm. And even worse, daylight doesn't slow them down. On.
the rare occasions they gather together in cites, they get organized,
usually with one Bitch Queen as the mother of the brood. That's
a good sign to leave town.

If one of them gets threatened by Garou — say, ina little
confrontation downtown with one of the homeless rabble —
they all unite, banding together to stalk whatever offended
them. I know, because I've seen it happen. Before long, youstart
finding Kinfolk bound in webs and drained of blood. And the
sick thing is that sometimes they pass these little raids off on the
Leeches. They're weak, but killing them off is hard —just when
you think you've got one cornered, they scurry away in a mass
of little baby spiders. I hope you don't have to see what I've seen
of the Ananasi. And | hope I don't have to see it again.

Eat

Huh. Don't see much of those in the big city. Roaming the
country, maybe, but not in the cities. For a while, I was tooling
around south of the border. Some of the fostern I've talked to
down there know a thing or two about the Bastet. After all, the
warriors in the Amazon still run into Bastet defending their
territories, striking from their den-realms, and never quite
figuring out that we both want to stop the Wyrm from destroying
the rainforests. Rural Bone Gnawers down there have problems
with entire tair... tagra... tahra... hairballs of Bastet traipsing
through their protectorates. Y'know, if a Corax or Ratkin has
a secret, you can usually figure out a way to get it out of him.
Bastet like being all secretive and mystical, which means, they
like wasting my time when they cross my path. As a result, I
never let a Bastet cross my path. Those are words to live by.

Cora

Like the saying goes, these guys are all fun andgames... until
someone loses an eye. When they're happy, you'll know it,
because they won't... SHUT... UP! Corax think they're funnier
than a Ragabash, and better scouts to boot. If one of them thinks
you're their friend, he'll blather and gossip and mutter about all
the stuff he thinks you want to know. Low and behold if he
doesn't figure an angle to get you to charge after something he
thinks is dangerous. Then, when the fight is over, he'll gobble up
your prey's eye and go off on his way. No wonder they don't
harbor angst about the War of Rage. I've seen Corax use this
strategy against us again and again. And yeah, I had it happen to
me, too. Maybe they're smarter than we think they are. I won't
make the same mistake again.

Gordlf

Howstrange that Gaia's greatest healers can also be some
of her most deadly killers. All I can say is that I'm damn glad
I'm not a Silver Fang. See, in some stories, it was the Fangs
who tried to set themselves above all the other tribes, and
then praised their glory over all the lesser creatures, like the
other Fera. It's said they made their first strike against other

Fera. Back when I was trekking through Canada, | spotted a
Gurahl trying to make his way to one of their moots. Well, the
term's generous — it seems like it takes a lot to get more than
two or three of them in one place. Along the way, a bear-spirit
thanked me for helping his brother by teaching me how to
Resist Pain. Well, the three of us talked for a while before the
Gurahl figured out who and what I was. After the first time
that Gurahl took a swipe at me, | needed it. Hey, you want to
see the scar? Didn't think so.

Nokofe

Hah! I was such an idiot. For some reason, when I heard
about the Mokolé for the first time, I thought I'd never see them
outside of some place like the Amazon. I mean, who really
expects to see a giant shapechanging dinosaur in a place like
Chicago or Manhattan, right? Well, they not only seem to be
able to go from dinosaur to ‘gator or crocodile, but they also
seem to spend a lot of time on two legs, at least if they want to
come lumbering around a Bone Gnawer protectorate. Yeah, |
seen 'em. I helped a clutch of them smuggle some... um,
tobacco... past some border guards once. We ended up spend-
ing an afternoon sunning ourselves and smoking. I tell ya, once
they start talking, they've got some weird-ass stories to tell. Get
them stoned, and you'll be amazed at the shit they blather
about. At least, I think they were Mokoleé....

Niwkha

What the hell? Trickster sons of bitches. If they're trying to
teach us something with their deadly little pranks, | have no idea
what the hell it is. You hear a lot of stories about these guys if you
ever go toarez where the Uktena and Wendigo hang out —stories
about sex and theft and looking at some corpse that got mangled
in a car wreck and hearing a coyote laughing off in the distance.
Never seen one in' the flesh, though occasionally you see a
hitchhiker that makes ya think. Lotta Uktenasay Coyote's fucking
crazy, and so are his kids. Don't doubt it.

Ruthin

The Ratkin can be your best friends or your worst enemies —
orboth. Maybe they think they understand the Rat Totem, butlike
many of the things the rats think about, it's gotten all twisted
around in their tiny little heads. We protect the Veil, but they've
lost all sense of restraint. Sawa pack of them hook up with a group
of the Swarm once. I learned a lot about tear gas that day. Those
bastards love the Wyld so much that they don't care how much
chaos they stir up.

Rokea

You know, | used to think these guys were a myth, but they
seem to be turning up again. There was a time when Bone
Gnawer sailors told legends about the weresharks, about them
circling around ships. Never really thought about that much
until a few years ago. With a third of Gaia's creation underwa-
ter, and all the crap we flush into the ocean, I guess they've got
a lot of work to do.

Well, a few months ago, this guy on a train told me why he
was in hiding. His last pack made a strike against a oil refinery
not far from the Great Barrier Reef. They took out every
stinking Wyrm creature they could find above the water. But

58 Bone Gnawers

Y f PE A  s

EE ee yy


the weresharks were already hard at work killing all the
Wyrmspawn under the water. Once both groups were in frenzy,
they turned on each other — it didn't take much. The scum got
half his pack. Now that Bone Gnawer is riding the rails,
determined never to go near the water again. He says the sharks
are still looking for him to finish him off, so he's probably still
somewhere in the Midwest. Maybe he's just crazy, but the next
time I'm on a tramp steamer, I'll be sure to watch the water.

Thanks for the ride! This is where I get off. No really, I've got to
go. Don't worry about slowing down... I've got it from here!

NYierhat

As the last generation of warriors prepares for the Apoca-
lypse, dangers surround them. Each tribe has great challenges it
must face, dilemmas they have unique talents for solving. Al-
though the Garou Nation must work together to prepare for the
Final Days, each tribe has its own share of miseries.

The Nosferatu: The Burning Times of the Inquisition, the
Great Piping of Barcelona, the height of the French Revolution
— throughout the tribe's history, there have been times when
Rat's Children and the Sewer Rats have worked together. But
now, more than ever, these Lupines and Leeches are coming into
conflict. It's like someone has clogged all the toilets of the city,
and hideous vampires are creeping up back into the streets again
in numbers never seen before.

Nosferatu have always preyed on the homeless and victim-
ized, but as the Final Days approach, attacks from Sewer Rats have
been on the rise. As the Bone Gnawer tribe grows more populous,
the tribe's protectorates also grow, giving them more neighbor-
hoods to patrol. Since the ranks of the rabble are increasing as well,
the tribe ismore likely to find evidence of indiscreetfeeding farther
from urban septs. Expect wars between these two groups to
intensify as the Apocalypse heats up.

Ratkin: For millennia, the Ratkin have remained in hiding.
At the end of the War of Rage, many fled into the Umbra, where
the pure force of the Wyld taught them the glories of chaos and
anarchy. As the Final Days approach, hordes of Ratkin are
emerging from their places of hiding, answering Rat's call to battle.
The Bone Gnawer tribe has always had strong ties to Rat, but any
alliance with wererats is at best a temporary one. Survival some-
times requires Gnawers and Ratkin to work together, but short-
term cooperation often gives way to long-term treachery. Con-
cemed mystics are turning to the Rat Totem for guidance, but
strangely, she is sometimes powerless to help them deduce what
Ratkin will do.

The Rat God: These same mystics are learning that some
totems speak through several different incarnations and avatars.
As part of a growing spiritual schism within the tribe, some pray to
the Mother Rat, an aspect of the totem devoted to mercy and
compassion for the weak. Others are hearing the clarion cry of the
Rat God, an expression of the tribe's totem of war.

Bone Gnawers are divided over how to wage the war of the
Apocalypse. Should legions of Bone Gnawers swarm into
battle, devastating anything in their path in their hunt for the
Wyrm? Or should they huddle with the victims and survivors
of the war, waiting until most of the Garou Nation has fallen
before they enter the fray? Extremists debate these two tactics,

SN Nn ee

one side on behalf of Mother Rat, and another as a scream for
the glory of the Rat God.

Between the two sects of extremists, most Bone Gnawers are
either oblivious or apathetic about the spiritual struggle. They
continue to survive from day to day, hoping their totem will
eventually decide which way the debate should be decided. While
the other tribes (particularly the Fenrir and Red Talons) unleash
nearly suicidal attacks against the Wyrm, most Bone Gnawers
support the war against the Wyrm with many little assaults,
scurrying out tostrike unseen, then retreating to hidingplaces. Too
often, their plans are upset by the actions of extremists, who gladly
sacrifice the efforts of their brothers and sisters to strike at the
Wyrm in their own way.

The Rabble: With much of the tribe divided or in hiding,
an increasing number of cubs and cliath have ceased to care
about tribal politics or even the state of their septs. Because of
the tribe's low standards of acceptance and compassion towards
outcasts, many cliath are eager to learn a few Gifts and rituals
after their Rite of Passage and then depart, rarely returning to
the sept again. Keeping together in small packs and stomping
grounds, the rabble create their own culture separate from the
bickering and treachery within the Garou Nation.

Within any major city, these rabble are far more likely to
attend a tribal moot than a sept moot, and even then, are far
more concerned with problems on the streets than esoteric
debates of spirituality and politics. Tribal elders are tolerant of
this trend, thinking that when the time is right, Rat will call
them to battle, but many Garou disagree. Packs face a new
challenge: finding a way to bring the new generation of warriors
back into the Garou Nation.

Rebellion: Some of the rabble are so disaffected by treach-
ery and perfidy in the septs that they have tried to create their
own communal societies. The most successful rebellion of this
kind occurred at the Sept of the People's Will, where the rabble
allegedly conspired to murder their sept leader. Throughout the
Garou Nation, elders have been horrified by the news. Garou
have a deep and instinctual need to recognize dominance and
submission, according to station, and such rebellion is an
affront to the very foundation of Garou culture. Nonetheless,
the People's Will endures, and the outcasts of the Garou
Nation have begun to whisper that this unthinkable possibility
may be their true calling.

The Hood: Since the Great Piping of Barcelona, tribal
elders have tried to argue that the Garou Nation should not
meddle in the affairs of mankind. This idea has been twisted
around over the centuries, represented by the many interpreta-
tions of the High Ban. The Hood has a very extreme interpre-
tation, secretly bringing down human authority and liberating
human wealth to restructure human society.

While a few very vocal activists have been exiled or killed by the
Garou Nation, many eldersseem strangely apathetic towards hunting
down the rest. In fact, afew cliath openly speak in support of it at tribal
moots, unchallenged by tolerant elders. In the largest septs, a few
packs have been sent out to track down the criminal activity of the
Hood. But as the greatest threats of the Final Nights emerge, fewer
heroes can be spared to enforce the will of their elders on a dangerous
fringe camp of the Bone Gnawer tribe.

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 59

EEL

NS

|

The Ring of Shadows: It is rumored that a secret sect of
Nosferatu, Ratkin, and Bone Gnawers are working together
through an alliance called the Ring of Shadows. This speculation
is totally without proof, but some imaginative Galliards have
invented elaborate conspiracy theories to explain recent events
within the tribe. Because paranoia is so high, any time a Bone
Gnawerand Nosferatu work together, it isinevitable thatsomeone
will rant that their alliance is part of a larger conspiracy. This may
simply stem from fear that the Sewer Rats secretly control the tribe,
or perhaps it is a sign that such an alliance has actually started to
form. Even the highest ranking Bone Gnawers seem unwilling to
venture a guess either way.

Fin and Gamer

Life isn't always so serious. Bone Gnawers have a lot of time
on their hands — especially if they don't give a damn about
hunting the Wyrm, attending moots, or playing politics with the
other tribes. While tribal moots are important for Bone Gnawers
who seek justice, sympathy, or just a hot meal, they also involve
amusements and diversions devised by the tribe's Ragabash. If
saving the human race starts to get you down, consider a few
activities to lift your pack's spirits.

¢ Subway Surfing: Need to get across town ina hurry?Catch
a lift, or better yet, catch a subway train. If you find a station that's
not too crowded, and you can ensure bystanders are "blissfully
ignorant" (with the right second rank Gift), climbing onto a
subway car is child's play for a Garou. Some metis prefer Crinos

form; some lupus favor Hare's Leap. Jump on the train, crouch
down low, and ride it for as long as you can.

A few Galliards actually insist that packs should try this
out at least once. The really fanatic ones memorize lists of
subway lines and stops, then offer to act as guides. Frankweilers
have also been known to take up public transportation lines as
part of their protectorate, reporting strange disturbances to
local stomping grounds. As you'd no doubt suspect, other things
sometimes prey on nocturnal travelers, and subway patrols
have been known to flush them out.

This sport has its own share of risks, of course. Getting lost
(with a botched. Wits + Streetwise roll) or falling off (with a
botched Dexterity + Athletics roll) can drop a Garou into
another creature's turf. Nosferatu and Ratkin are unpredictable
when their territory has been invaded. Less dangerous hazards
include rebellious ghouls, hitchhiking wraiths, and straight-up
psychotic human predators. A few large cities have reported
Black Spiral Dancers exploiting the same tunnels, but with far
less discretion and subterfuge.

System: Just for reference, falling from a speeding train
inflicts one die of lethal damage for every ten miles per hour of
speed. The Gift: Road Ward is very useful in this situation, sosome
followers of the Road Warder camp don't mind "choosing their
own stops" on a railway. For Garou without Road Ward (or the
hard-to-find Stargazer Gift: Balance), it's valid for a Storyteller to
call fora Stamina + Athletics roll to ensure a safe "departure." On
a botched roll, the electrified third rail inflicts seven levels of


aggravated damage. Garou can try to soak this damage if they're
not in their breed form, but it kills humans instantly.

¢ Feast of Fools: Just about every city with a large Bone
Gnawer populace has a variant of this festival once a year. The
Feast's traditions are pretty simple: the amount of respect a
Garou gets for his rank is inverted. For one day, the lowest Bone
Gnawer can live like aking, and the noblest elder can win some
respect from the tribe by going slumming. (Traitors and crimi-
nals, however, ain't so lucky; someone who betrayed his tribe
isn't going to get treated like its savior during the Feast.) Some
tefer to the new regent as the Prince of Fools, King of the
Hoboes, or even the Grand High Muckety-Muck. All of the
Bone Gnawers, including the rabble, gather to elect their new
king. In large cities, Ragabash and Galliards also impersonate
the elders of the nearest sept, competing to enter the "court" of
the new king. The debates that follow are sarcastic mockeries
of the sept's usual monkeybabble.

* Hitchhiking: Bone Gnawers, particularly Ragabash and
Galliards, have maintained a tradition of hitching rides since the

first tribalist stowed aboard a ship or climbed aboard a merchant
caravan. The tribe has always known that the Wyrm doesn't just
breed near caerns. Finding corruption is easy in the big city, but to
find it in the countryside, you've got to search long and hard. That
takes a bit of traveling. Bone Gnawers have several rites and Gifts
to help make their heroes' journey more comfortable on the open
road, including Cooking, Urban Ward, and of course, Road Ward
(see Chapter Three).

Bone Gnawers who are sick of sept politics, moot protocols,
and tribal wars take the open road as a form of escape. For this
tribe, the journey is often more important than the destination.
Packs have been known to embark on road trips without any
specific destination, taking life as it comes. An entire camp of
Bone Gnawers, the Road Warders, wanders the highways and
byways of the world searching for suffering and despair. Their
Code of the Road requires them to help fellow travelers in need
(and rewards them with Honor when they do). Foreveryone else,
a vacation from the nearest caern is a good way to quest for the
sorts of ideals that keep the Bone Gnawer tribe going.

Chapter Two: Between the Cracks 61

\\ enti

AeA

|


Just as Garou learn to survive by watching the natural
world, they learn supernatural strength from the spirits of
the supernatural world. Bone Gnawers scrounge what they
need with help from the Gafflings and Jagglings of scavenger
totems, like Rat, Mouse, Jackal, Crow, and Raven. Even
Bone Gnawers who stay away from septs and elders can trade
for the knowledge they need by bribing the right spirits with
chiminage. In exchange for delectable food, protection from
predators, stolen information, or a warm place to sleep, the
spirit teaches its hidden knowledge. A Bone Gnawer may
bribe a spirit for a week or more as he studies a Gift, but once
he's learned it, he's gained a new hidden strength, one of the
few possessions no one can take away.

Euckgroundt

Since Bone Gnawers typically have strange and check-
ered pasts, some of their Background Traits need a few brief
words of explanation.

Abe

Bone Gnawer allies don't have to be supernatural;
anyone who can help you get by when you're living day-to-
day is far more valuable. The owner of the pawnshop where
you can sell what you find, the performance artist who pays
good money for strange bits of scrap you've salvaged, the
night guard at the junkyard, museum, or library who's taken
pity on you, or the kindly old woman who remembers you at
the closest shelter — anyone one of these people are more
valuable than the stingy allowance you'd get with one point

in the Resources Background, and they won't drag you into
the bullshit politics of some clan, tribe, sect, sept, or tradi-
tion. They may even take you in when you're on the run; of
course, if they're threatened, you and your pack will want to
protect them out of the same sense of obligation.

Anttspors

Save for the benefits of a few exotic and unusual totems,
Bone Gnawers have lost touch with their ancestors, and thus
cannot buy points in the Ancestors Background. Other tribes
are proud to recite their lineage when they approach a sept for
the first time, but many Bone Gnawers can't remember theirs.
Because ancestors are destined for greatness, some are reborn
as Garou from one generation to the next. Such destinies
rarely involve being reborn as a Bone Gnawer.

Confacht

The Bone Gnawer tribe excels at keeping up with the
"word on the street." Many of the tribe's contacts are
informants, gangsters, or outright criminals. A contact can
provide anything from mundane facts about the safest
overpass to sleep under to rarefied info scavenged from the
dumpster of a Pentex subsidiary.

Kufolk

Most tribes maintain a lineage of Kinfolk as fanatically as
they follow their own genealogies. Theoretically, many of
them are direct descendants of the "flocks of humans"
werewolves once guarded like sheep. Their accomplishments

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 63

eee iene

reflect a historical tapestry of human achievement. If this
analogy holds true, then Bone Gnawer Kinfolk are like a vast
patchwork quilt, one that's almost as variegated and mottled
as the patterns in a mongrel Bone Gnawer's fur. Get and
Silver Fangs preach about the purity of their blood; Bone
Gnawers keep quiet about their less-reputable relatives.

As the fringe of the Garou Nation, Bone Gnawers are
sometimes downright careless about breeding. Anyone a
Bone Gnawer screwed twenty or thirty years ago mighthave
Kinfolk children of breeding age today. Because they passed
on their "jackal's blood" to these bastard children, these
Kinfolk may actually be worse off than aGarou. If they aren't
begging for change on the street, they might be scraping by
working in seedy bars, strip clubs, junkyards, temp jobs,
inner city gangs, migrant farming, low-paying construction
jobs, or the endless drama of street life. Your Bone Gnawer
was at least lucky enough to become Garou; they're unlucky
enough to see Crinos Garou as they really are. Your charac-
ter can hit them up for favors, but once they find out how
invincible he seems, they may call on him as well.

Feith

Bone Gnawer Theurges recycle all sorts of junk into
fetishes useful for survival, stealth, and urban sabotage. Simple
fetishes replicate common Bone Gnawer Gifts — in these
cases, the level of the fetish usually equals the level of the Gift.
Complex fetishes require more desperate applications of
creativity. Infusing common household items with the rag-
tag spirit of urban life, clever Theurges take what humans use
in their everyday lives and pervert them to be useful in the
everyday lives of homeless shapeshifting monsters.

Contrary to what some might believe, Bone Gnawers
aren'tall that fond of technological fetishes. By the time one
of their Theurges gets his hands on high-tech, it's little more
than junk. Functional electronic and mechanical gear is
often perverted to perform tasks noticeably different from its
original function.

Some of these effects seem trivial to other Garou, but
are essential to Rat's brood. Styrofoam containers refill with
lukewarm fast food; milk cartons track missing children;
tattered bathtowels become magic cloaks; buckets and car
antennas become holy weapons. No matter how ridiculous
Bone Gnawer fetishes may look, they can mean the differ-
ence between life and death.

Pure Breed,

Bone Gnawers cannot purchase the Pure Breed Back-
ground. After all, they have no common ancestry or back-
ground. Some fervently believe the tribe was once organized
around a series of "scavenger septs" in Northern Africa,
allowing them to range freely across vast protectorates in
search of food. If this is true, all traces of this common
heritage have long since been eradicated. Instead, the tribe
has swelled its ranks with the dross and detritus of the other
tribes. It has adopted the outcasts, castoffs, and even out-
right rejects of other Garou tribes — hardly fitting represen-
tatives of the Pure Breed Background.

2 acearions saree Pra aoe aoe re ome on ae seminar arenrea

ae A ee

Reycyrcet

Bone Gnawers cannot spend points on the Resources
Background. This doesn't just mean that they start the game
without money. More precisely, it means that they don't have
adependable source of income, and never will. Even ifa Bone
Gnawer gets his hands on money, it won't last for long. He has
no skills for managing money, saving money, or holding on to
money — that's one of the reasons he's poor.

Since this idea is sometimes ignored or abused, here's some
further clarification. If other packmates lend money to a char-
acter without Resources, he'll blow through it faster than
anyone thought possible. If he tries to hit up his Allies and
Mentors for money, he'll either forget to pay them back,
mismanage what he's gotten by spending it on trivial junk, or
just generally piss them off. Add ona streak of bad luck if he's a
Bone Gnawer with "jackal's blood." Throw in the fact that
without the Struggling Merit (listed below), he probably doesn't
have an address, bank account, or proper identification. Finally,
if that isn't enough, consider how much time the character
spends placing the needs of his pack, camp, tribe, or sept above
his own. Then you'll understand why characters without Re-
sources lack the same financial backing as other Garou.

Withall that, it bears mentioning that ifa Bone Gnawerhas
"noresources," thatdoesn'thave tomean the character willnever
have money. Bone Gnawers in particular have talents for
begging, performing on the street, running scams, and if all else
fails, ripping things off. Just as Garou go hunting for food in the
wild, Bone Gnawers can "hunt for cash." Hunting normally
requires Wits + Primal-Urge to track prey, but a character with
zero resources can spend an hour hunting for spare change with
another Ability. Players may think of strategies involving Sub-
terfuge (for scams), Performance or Expression (for street perfor-
mances), Stealth (for stealing), Survival (that is, urban sur-
vival), or even stranger ideas (Enigmas for hustling at chess or
cards, Empathy for playing off someone's sympathy, and so on).

A character shouldn't make this roll more than once a
day. The cash raised only lasts for that day, but the number
of success determines how well the character will live during
that time. One success is enough spare change to buy crappy
food; three successes may allow one nice purchase, such as
shoes or whiskey; five successes can raise enough cash for a
hotel room. As always, this remains at the discretion of the
Storyteller — use it to further the story, not derail it.

Ordinarily, a Background rating changes only as deter-
mined by the Storyteller; players can't purchase higher ratings
with experience. For instance, if a character gains an ally or
avaluable contactas the logical outcome of astory, he needn't
spend experience points to gain levels of the Allies or Con-
tacts Background. However, some Storytellers may be inter-
ested in changing this rule to allow more player control over
Backgrounds; perhaps the players spend too much effort trying
to raise their Backgrounds, and wind up ignoring the main
thrust of the Storyteller's plots. If you're among these Story-
tellers, the following guidelines are suggested.

64 Bone Gnawers

a —

iy / |


If the Storyteller wants to allow a player to voluntarily
"bootstrap" his character, she should devise a story (lasting
at least one session) devoted entirely to raising that Back-
ground. The story may be the culmination of months of
work behind the scene, but the character should take at least
one session to make sure the new benefit is secure, and he'll
probably need the help of his pack to pull it off. The cost for
raising an existing Background Trait is at least equal to its
current rating x 2. (Backgrounds that are ordinarily re-
stricted for the tribe are bought at current rating x 6, if the
Storyteller allows them to be purchased with experience at
all.) All of the character's experience from that one session
goes toward the Background, of course. A character can't
raise a Background Trait above 5 with this system.

If a character has no points in a Background, it's going
to take a lot of concentrated effort to get that first point. For
astart, this achievement should always involve completing
a "chapter" in the chronicle explaining why the character's
rating goes from none to one. At the beginning of a "boot-
strap chapter," a player can request any Background his
character could normally buy during character creation at
the start of a chapter of the chronicle. The character's
packmates get experience for this chapter of the story; the
bootstrapping character only gets half as much, since he's
getting the Background point as well.

Under this guideline, if a character has no points in a
Background, and that Background can't normally be bought
during character creation, a player can't request an increase
in that Trait. It's the sort of reward the Storyteller plans
without the player knowing about it. The story itself should
offer opportunities for a character to bootstrap. (For in-
stance, on an epic journey to the Legendary Realm, a Bone
Gnawer might help one of his Ancestors, or he may make
the wrong choice and unintentionally hinder him.) At the
end of the story, if the character met enough objectives to
explain the change in status, the Storyteller can offer an
option: the character can earn all of the experience for the
adventure or the first point in one of these Backgrounds.

As an alternative, she can offer a Merit or Flaw that
allows the first point in one of these Backgrounds. For
instance, although Bone Gnawers don't typically have An-
cestors or Resources, they can replicate their effects to a
limited degree with the Flaw: Shame or the Merit: Struggling.

Bear in mind that if you don't want to your players to
find a way around Background Trait restrictions, you obvi-
ously don't need these rules at all. Just because it's in print
doesn't mean it's best for your game.

T tbat Cif

¢ The Hungry Hound (Level One) — A Garou with
this Gift can hunt down the closest source of discarded, safe,
edible food. The user might find a bag of nacho puffs dropped
out of a passing car window or the one perfect warm slice of
cheese pizza buried at the bottom of a dumpster. The Gift may
also reveal people who are willing to give a handout or spare
some munchies. The Hungry Hound only reveals food that's

ene eeeaelenliameas

See anes es a reseren rey aE en mee

Nod Eye [heater Mechansat

Many of the MET mechanics for additional Bone
Gnawer Gifts, rites, and fetishes involve props. This is
intentional. After all, you should be able to recognize a
Bone Gnawer character not only from his deplorable
appearance, but also from the trash he carries around. As
you'd expect, using these additional rules requires the
permission of your Narrator, so check before you show up
for a game to make sure they're allowed. Purist Narrators
may also want to consider the Patrol Gift and Giant
Steps sidebars before allowing Gifts, rites, or fetishes that
incorporate these rules; you may consider them optional.

available for free. For instance, it won't automatically detect
the hot dogs in a vendor's cart, but if the man selling them
would be happy to give one away to a hungry-looking wolf-
dog, the chance of finding them improves considerably. This
Gift is taught by a raccoon-spirit, often in exchange for
liberating a few choice treasures the spirit really wants.

System: Roll Perception + Primal-Urge (difficulty 7). One
success produces an unremarkable snack. More successes can
either uncover more food (like feast of discarded donuts or cold
pizza) or tastier food (like a single heavenly untouched eclair).
This Gift is somewhere between a specialized version of hunting
and the lupus Gift: Sense Prey. A successful roll means that the
scentof tantalizing food has just wafted past the werewolf's nose.
Three successes and acouple of sniffs can give more details about
the "prey," even from a great distance. ("Wait! It smells like...
a birthday cake... there's writing on it....")

MET: With a successful Static Mental Challenge, the
Garou can hunt down the closest free source of discarded,
safe, edible food. The Narrator sets the difficulty based on
the availability of food nearby: an alleyway in back of a row
of restaurants would be a 1-Trait challenge, while the
freeway by the outskirts of town might be a 7- or 8-Trait
challenge. If the Garou wins, she can find food in about a
minute; if she ties, it'll take five minutes. Many Bone
Gnawers prefer the exotic bounty of the Hungry Hound to
the stale diet of cardboard afforded by the Cooking Gift.

© Smell of Success (Level One) — You're good at sizing
people up. With a few sniffs, you can smell how successful
someone really is. Even on a bad day, you can sense whether
he's got money in is pocket, a steady job, or a place to stay.
When passing by street folk begging for change, some people
claim they don't have anything to give. By repeatedly sizing
up people on the street, Bone Gnawers learns to distinguish
areal bad-luck case from a cheap bastard who doesn't give a
damn. After mastering this elemental talent, the Garou can
then sniff out deeper secrets from passers-by.

This insight can also be used on people who beg for
food, money, or assistance from the Garou; for instance,
Hoods use this ability to distinguish someone who really
needs help from a scam artist. Either way, this Gift is taught
by a rat-spirit, usually while the student sits on a street

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 65

mene

|

Seen ren rere rane caren ner. ara reams resnerereh

corner asking for help over and over again; the rat gets a cut
of any handouts during the time of training.

System: Spend one Gnosisand roll Perception + Streetwise
(difficulty 6). Pick a person within about a city block you can
see. One success reveals one of the following facts: whether the
person has money in his pocket, whether he has a job, or
whether he has a home (your choice). Three successes either
answer all three question or give more detailed information
about one of them: how much money he's got on him, what his
occupation is, and what kind of place he lives in.

If you score five successes, some telltale clue also reveals
more specific information. With spiritual insight, you can
narrow down four or five choices of where his home may be,
what company he works for, or the last item he just bought.
Specific information may come asa vision of facts whispered by
a helpful Gaffling. ("Guess whata little rat told me.") Alterna-
tively (at the Storyteller's discretion), it can reveal the number
of dots a character has in his Resources Background.

This Gift may be unreliable on creatures other than
humans. Most supernatural creatures can resist this ability
with Willpower (difficulty 6) or Perception + Subterfuge
(difficulty 7). If a supernatural creature is impersonating
someone else (say, with the Obfuscate Discipline or the
Doppleganger Gift), you must beat the number of successes
on the initial roll for that talent. Figuring out a vampire's
haven or where he draws his financial resources takes a bit
of work, but it can be done.

MET: This Gift reveals another character's degree of
financial success: whether he has money, whether he has a
home, and possibly even the number of Resources Traits he
has. The Garou begins by approaching his target and asking
for a favor or spare change. He can then activate this Gift
witha Mental Challenge (preferably while using a Trait tied
to perception or deduction). If he fails, he can retest with
Streetwise. If he gets a handout, of course, he might decide
not to use this Gift at all.

If a Garou succeeds with this Gift, he can deduce
approximately how much money the target is carrying. For
amounts over $100, he can estimate within $50 (rounded
down); for lesser amounts, he can estimate within $5. By
burning a Streetwise Trait, he can also figure out the number
of Resources Traits the target has. As a side effect, he can
then figure out one significant fact about the target's home—
this is usually which part of town it's located in (if the game
has this amount of detail).

© Urban Ward (Level One) — If your home has no
walls, sleeping can be a nightmare. There's no guarantee that
someone won't sneak up on you to steal your stuff... or even
take your life. Some werewolves solve this problem by sleep-
ingin packs, but itnever hurts to take extra precautions. Rural
Garou set twigs and branches that easily snap underfoot; Bone
Gnawers rig the same warnings with tin cans, tripwires, or
even broken glass. With a little mystical aid, a werewolf can
enlist spirits in similar defenses. The werewolf can never be
sure exactly where the boundary of the urban ward is set, but
he may be paranoid enough to spend more time setting

a _—,

multiple layers of trash around his encampment. This Gift is
taught by a Rat-spirit, who usually warns its student to always
collect trash and shiny things for just this purpose.

System: By spending one Gnosis, a Bone Gnawer can
ward an area against intrusion. The "area" can be anywhere
between the size of a room and the size of a building. Trash
is set around the periphery, usually junk that makes noise
when its disturbed. If anyone crosses this imaginary bound-
ary, the Bone Gnawer hears the spirits scream a silent
warning to him. The ward remains in effect for eight hours
(or in some cases, from dusk 'til dawn).

The Storyteller secretly rolls the character's Wits +
Enigmas (difficulty 6). Any supernatural creature attempt-
ing to use its powers to overcome the Urban Ward (for
instance, with the vampire Discipline: Obfuscate) must
score more successes on its roll to activate the proper
supernatural power than the Garou did. For more mundane
creatures, like humans, crossing the boundary automatically
warns the Garou, who may consciously decide whether to
wake up. If the trespasser is also using Stealth, the sleeping
Garou can make an opposed Perception + Alertness roll
without penalty, as ifhe was awake. Creatures that "teleport"
in by means of Gifts such as Shadow Step still count as
having crossed the boundary; instantaneous passage through
the Umbra is still Umbral passage across the boundary.

MET: Using this Gift costs one Gnosis Trait and
requires a rather unusual prop: a ball of string. The Garou
stomps out a roughly circular area at least five giant steps in
diameter (see the Giant Steps sidebar for more details).
Alternatively, if the game is played indoors, string can be
laid across the threshold of each door and window leading
into a room—the Gift can ward an area roughly as large as
ahotel room. If the game is held in a home, hotel, or public
area, the urban ward could be laid across a hallway instead
(although this is at the Narrator's discretion, so ask first).
The characters in the game don't see a piece of string, of
course. They will notice, however, trash, detritus, bottles
and whatnot scattered throughout the area where the urban
ward has been left. You may want to attach some sort of
colored tag to the string to make its presence clear, espe-
cially if you use string boundaries to delineate other effects.

If anything crosses the ward, the Garou using this Gift
receives a mental warning only he can hear. He can set this as
anything froma whisper on the wind toaratlike scream. (Imagine
it however you like.) Even if the creature crossing the ward is
using Stealth, Blur of the Milky Eye, Blissful Ignorance, Camouflage,
the vampire Disciplines: Obfuscate or Obtenebration, or any other
obfuscative supernatural power, the Garou knows that something
is there. If any of the aforementioned powers are used, he'll still
need tomake the appropriate challenge to figure out exactly what
it is. This power can even be used when the character is asleep
(although it's rather pointless fora player touse it while sleeping).

Since the Bone Gnawer has to be sleeping in the area
of this Gift, it's the player's responsibility to stay in the area
— not to force a Narrator to wait and then come get him if
something crosses the boundary.

Bone Gnawers

iiemniones


ant Syepe

Any Gift that requires "giant steps" is highly op-
tional — that is, Narrators' discretion only. To use it, a
player must call out a certain catch phrase that every-
one in the game knows. For instance, the Kitchen
Chemistry Gift requires the catch phrase "boom!"
When the Gift goes off, everyone in the immediate
vicinity freezes. The user of the Gift then paces out the
distance specified in the Gift's description. Time (in
the game) freezes as well. When measuring giant paces,
a player must keep one foot on the ground during the
duration of the measurement. Usually, the user of the
Gift measures his or her own paces, although tiny (or
huge) players may designate a proxy.

¢ Declamation (Level One) — By spending at least an
hour studying a written text, the Garou can memorize vast
passages of information word for word. The effects work like
a cross between speed-reading and eidetic memory. Actu-
ally understanding or accessing the information is difficult,
but repeating it by rote is simple. Lupus Garou cannot learn
this Gift, but remarkably enough, illiterate homids can; for
the Gift's duration, they can decipher all sorts of "funny
little squiggles" on paper. The Garou must be fluent in
speaking the language he is reading.

This Gift is often taught by Rat Finks and Frankweilers. Rat
Finks use this Gift to transfer sensitive information in a format
that's difficult to steal. Frankweiler Galliards use this Gift
repeatedly on their favorite plays and novels. This Gift is taught
by a bookworm-spirit, a favorite Gaffling of the Frankweilers.

System: After the Garou spends one Gnosis, he can
repeat, word for word, anything he reads over the next eight
hours. As a rough guideline, the Garou can read about a
hundred pages in an hour; each time he "studies," he must
concentrate forat least an hour. As aside effect, for the duration
of the Gift, the user can add one die to any one Knowledge-
based dice pool related to the information. Repeating the
information word for word can take hours; however, a second
Garou with the Gift: Mindspeak can sift through the informa-
tion in the Gift user's head in one scene if he doesn't resist.

A supernatural creature can try to steal this informa-
tion with a mind reading ability (such as the vampire
Discipline: Telepathy or an application of a mage's Mind
sphere). If this happens, the Garou can resist with a con-
tested Willpower roll (difficulty 4) in addition to any other
defense he would normally have against the ability.

MET: Using this Gift requires a Gnosis Trait. Through
a combination of speed-reading and eidetic memory, the
Garou can repeat, word for word, any text he studies during
that game session. Using this Gift requires at least five
minutes to carefully "read" every five pages of the text to be
memorized. The knowledge is retained for one week. Each
successive week, the Garou can use another Gnosis Trait to
retain the information for an additional week. In this way, a

a

Seman re es emwasere canes eee

Garou may choose to memorize the text of an entire play, an
informative book from the public library, or that nifty occult
tome the pack has stolen from pesky vampires or mages.

If you tell the Storyteller about this Gift before the
session, he can make an extra photocopy of any important
documents or papers the Garou may study and "read" during
that session. At the Narrator's option, the Garou can also
gain the temporary Trait: Well-Read from studying informa-
tive books. This can be used to retest any Knowledge-based
Ability related to the text the Garou memorized. This extra
effect can only be used on one book at a time, and the
character can only have one Well-Read Trait. Knowledge-
based Ability tests rely on the Storyteller's discretion, but
typically include challenges involving Academics, Com-
puter, Linguistics, Occult and Science. (Since it's unlikely that
the Bone Gnawer would find a whole treatise on the Umbra
or on supernatural wisdom, this might or might not be
appropriate for Enigmas or various sorts of Lore.)

© Desperate Strength (Level One) — In times of great
trauma, desperate people have displayed amazing feats of
strength and endurance. With a burst of adrenaline, a mother
can lift a truck off a pinned child, or a father may smash
through a wall to save his family. Through strength of will, a
Bone Gnawer may channel that same desperate energy. If
another packmate has fallen or been captured, the Garou may
use this hideous strength in a desperate effort to help his pack.

System: After rolling on the Feats of Strength table,
the Garou can burn a point of Willpower and roll one die for
each Health Level he has remaining. For each success, he
can take an extra level of aggravated damage to increase his
number of successes by one; he does not need to trade all of
his successes in this fashion.

MET: The Garou may use Willpower for retests in
Physical Challenges, but each such retest inflicts one aggra-
vated health level of damage. There's no limit to the number
of potential retests, subject to the Garou's expenditure of
Willpower and health. Thus, the Garou could conceivably
call for three or four retests on the same challenge with this
Gift, a departure from the normal limits of retests. Damage
inflicted by this Gift can be healed, but it can't be reduced
by any other Gift or power.

¢ The Mark (Level One) — The Garou can mark a
person or place with a scent only other werewolves can
sense. The mark is subtle; placing it isn't. This Gift is taught
by lost-dog-spirits.

System: Using this Gift requires one Gnosis and a stream
of the Garou's urine. The Garou must use his own fluids to mark
his victim. Any Garou with at least one dot in Primal-Urge can
sense the mark within line of sight. With three dots in Primal-
Urge, the Garou can sense it up toa mile away. If the user of this
Gift has five dots in Primal-Urge, he always knows where the
mark is. The effects last for twelve hours, then persist until the
following sunset or sunrise (whichever comes first).

MET: Marking an item that's just lying around is easy;
simply spend the Gnosis and take a turn to complete the

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 67

aN

|

Seer remem en cree rena aren em remrenvh

appropriate action. Marking an unwilling individual is a bit more
difficult— in general, don'tallowa resisting character to be marked.
(The Garou would wind up in an untenably dangerous, not to
mention embarrassing, position.) Since The Mark requires that a
Narrator keep track of the marked item and be ready to report its
location tothe Garou, this Gift can place some difficulty on thestaff.
If your game is small, ina limited location or has lots of Narrators in
contact with a radio, this isn't too much trouble. Otherwise, simply
don't allow characters to learn this Gift. For the sake of sanity, the
Garou should only be allowed to mark one target at a time.

¢ Kitchen Chemistry (Level One) — With ten minutes,
a bit of rage, and everyday household chemicals, you can
unleash a firestorm of vengeance against an uncaring world.
You have a deep and instinctive understanding of the prin-
ciples of modern chemistry, one that allows you to scratch-
build and detonate explosives. (This Gift exists to cancel out
the need for any sort of "realistic" explosive rules in the game.)
Rat-spirits teach this Gift, occasionally with the help of a few
furtive cranks on the Internet.

System: One scene. One Rage. At least three household
kitchen chemicals approved by the Storyteller. The result? An
explosion inflicting an amount of aggravated damage equal to
the character's permanent Rage. Detonating the explosives
properly is the difficult part.

At the end of the scene in which the chemicals are
cooked, the character attempts an Intelligence + Science roll
(difficulty 6). With one success, the explosives will detonate
at a specified date and time. Three successes allow them to be
thrown (Dexterity + Athletics, distance equal to the Garou's
Strength in yards) or triggered by remote (line of sight). Five
successes allow fora complex trigger, such as a timed matchbox
fuse, trip wire, weight-sensitive pressure plate, or sound of a
particular television personality's voice. Ona botch, of course,
the bomb goes off in the Garou's face.

MET: Burnone Rage Trait before writinga chemical formula
and the name of your character on an index card. Then attempt
a Static Mental Challenge against the Narrator; he'll set the
difficulty based on the complexity of the explosive you're building.
If you succeed, you can use this card as a "bomb" against a chosen
target, inflicting two aggravated damage. Everyone within three
giant paces of the target takes one aggravated damage. The user of
this Gift can only make one such index card at a time. If this Gift
is allowed in a game, every player must know it is available;
everyone in the vicinity must freeze when you use it.

One Trait—When you tear the card, youcan "throw" it by
pointing at anyone within five giant paces. Shout "boom!"
Everyone freezes long enough for the Garou to count out the
range and describe the effect.

Three Traits—Y ou can leave the index card on any surface
above the ground. You must be within ten giant paces to activate
the effect. Shout "boom!" Everyone freezes long enough for the
Garou to count out the range and describe the effect.

Five Traits—This last option is only practical as a Patrol Gift
(see sidebar). You can design a complex trigger designed to
detonate based on movement over a particular area, the sound of

ie coe" = <a Ah


someone's voice, or proximity toa specific target. The patrolling
spirit stands next to the index card with her arms crossed (as if
using Blur of the Milky Eye). The card must detail the condi-
tions to be met. When the Gift goes off, the spirit player shouts
"Boom!" He then describes the effects of this Gift. The user of
this Giftcan recall the patrolling spirit and "deactivate" the Gift
at any time—otherwise, your assistant may have adull evening.

Warning: Some players inexplicably think that the
only way to enjoy the game is to "win" by blowing up lots of
things. Keep tight track on Rage expenditures and make sure
to remember that nobody has more than one scratch-built
bomb at a time. Remember, too, that blowing up lots of
public buildings will likely draw lots of mortal investigation,
which in turn can lead to breaking the Veil.

© Dead End (Level Two) — Through a bit of graffiti
and casual sabotage, the Garou can discourage anyone who
wants to track him, follow him, or even take interest in his
affairs. The werewolf can alter a sign, spray-paint directional
information, or perhaps just simply turn street signs the
wrong way to misdirect people who find it. This Gift works
far better on humans than supernatural creatures. Some
urban werewolves attempt this Gift two or three times a
week to keep their stomping grounds hidden (rather like a
lesser version of the Rite of the Signpost, listed below).

System: Using this Gift requires one Gnosis and enough
time to spray-paint graffiti, turn around a street sign, or commit
some other act of urban mischief. (If you need an exact number
of turns, roll Wits + Survival, difficulty 4, and subtract the
number of success from 10; that's the number of turns you'll
need.) On any roll to track the Garou past this obstacle,
increase the difficulty by 3. The effects last for a full week.

MET: Using this Gift requires a Gnosis Trait, but the
timing is important. Any test to track you down requires an
additional Mental Challenge and an additional Ability Trait
appropriate for a retest. If someone has physically tracked you,
you can counter by saying "Dead End" and burn one Gnosis
—you slip away unless your pursuer burns an additional Trait
for his power or Ability and follows up with a successful
Mental Challenge. For instance, if someone has tracked you
down with Ritual of the Questing Stone, you would see the
prop indicating the use of that rite and respond with the words
"Dead End." The questing Garou could then burn a Rituals
Trait and issue a Mental Challenge. If you succeed, you
escape. (In most situations of this kind, the Bone Gnawer
player then takes three steps away and declares "Fair Escape.")

© Road Ward (Level Two) — You've been tossed out
of just about everywhere. Now the spirits help you survive
falls that would cripple just about anyone else. Leaping out
of a car on the freeway is a minor inconvenience. Getting
pushed off a building is a bitch. Either way, this Gift can still
reduce the damage from the fall. As a side effect, for one
scene after you activate the Road Ward, you'll always land
on your feet. Wanderlust-spirits teach this Gift.

System: Any use of this Gift requires one Willpower
point and a Stamina + Survival roll (difficulty 6); you can
immediately activate this Gift before you hit the ground.

ee a

Falling out of a car moving up to 75 mph requires one success;
every additional 25 mph requires an additional success. If you
succeed, you take no damage and roll to a stop. Falling off a
building reduces the damage by one story for each success. As
a side effect, Road Ward cancels the Ahroun Gift: Falling
Touch, as well as any trip attempt or leg sweep; it can be
activated in response to any of those attacks.

MET: Spend a Willpower Trait to activate the Gift;
this cancels Falling Touch and allows you to spend Survival
Traits to cancel damage from falling or collisions on a one-
Trait-for-one-health-level basis.

* Stone-Throwing Devil (Level Two) — Anything
you can throw as a weapon becomes deadlier. If your Garou
is the sort of bastard that throws rocks during city riots,
dumps garbage on policemen from a fire escape, or tosses
around furniture in bar brawls, then this Gift is for you.

System: Burn one Rage and roll Dexterity + Athletics when
the Garou throws a weapon. Add a number of dice equal to his
temporary Rage to the Dexterity + Athletics roll. Of course, ifthe
projectile hits, this means it may also do extra damage.

MET: Youcan use rocks, debris and garbage as effective
thrown weapons. When you invoke this Gift by spending one
Rage Trait, you can throw just about anything to a range up
to your line of sight, and it inflicts an extra health level of
damage. That means that normally harmless items score
damage, and dangerous items (throwing knives, for instance)
inflict additional damage. This damage is of whatever sort is
appropriate to the item: Soft refuse scores bashing damage;
hard objects score lethal damage; items that normally inflict
aggravated damage inflict more. You must be able to pick up
and throw the item normally — you cannot use this Gift to
allow you to pick up a dump truck, for instance. You must still
make a Physical Athletics Challenge to strike the target. Use
of this Gift is subject to having something to pick up and
throw: A totally desolate landscape offers no weapons.

* I Got a Rock (Level Two) — Instead of throwing a
weapon to cause greater injury, the werewolf throws projec-
tiles with greater accuracy. This Gift is taught by an air-spirit.

System: Large or unwieldy objects are usually more
difficulty to throw than aerodynamic ones; this is reflected
by a greater difficulty on the Dexterity + Athletics roll to
chuck it. In the turn this Gift is used, the Garou burns one
Gnosis. The difficulty to throw an object is then 4, no matter
how awkward it is to throw. If the Garou can lift it, he can
throw it. The Storyteller may still increase the difficulty
because of range or other modifiers, but with this Gift, a
motorcycle becomes as aerodynamic asa baseball. Note that
a werewolf can't use Stone-Throwing Devil and I've Got a
Rock in the same turn (one requires Rage and the other
requires Gnosis). Also note that throwing a motorcycle like
you'd throw a curve ball or knuckleball shreds the Veil.

MET: You gain one retest on any Physical Challenge
to throw an object, at the cost of one Gnosis Trait.

© On Patrol (Level Two) —This Gift extends the duration
and range of Scent of the True Form or Sense the Unnatural; the

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 69

LT EE ESSE, CGE er TCS FE SBP

fa a cr AY

Ser rw nen caren a ern. ar ar rem re ren

Garou needn't have either one of those Gifts before learning this
one, but this Gift is useless without them. Bone Gnawers who
hang out on strategically chosen street corners have a chance to
sniff out supernatural creatures in the neighborhood. Using the
Gift takes about an hour. During that time, if a Wyrm-tainted
creature passes within about a city block, there's a chance the
werewolf will pick up his scent. Galliards use this Gift while
performing on street corners; Ragabash do the same thing while
begging for change. Lost-dog spirits teach this Gift.

System: Spend one Gnosis and roll Stamina + Occult

(difficulty 6). The effects last for one hour and extend foracity
block. (In the wilderness, the range depends on the Garou's
sense of smell.) Alternatively, a Garou with the Gift: Pulse of
the Invisible can use it with On Patrol to watch activity in the
Penumbra, even while hanging out in the physical world. As
one would expect, a Bone Gnawer sitting on a street corner
reacting to stuff that isn't really there looks like he's strung-
out, drunk, stoned or insane. Even while "chemically en-
hanced," he can still sense the taint of the Wyrm around him.

MET: This Gift requires one Gnosis Trait and works as

a Patrol Gift (see sidebar). This either requires the assistance
ofa patrolling spirit or a Spirit Keeper who can represent one
(Spirit Keeper's discretion). Use a Gnosis Trait to activate
this Gift, tap your spirit player on the shoulder, and sit on the
ground or floor for ten minutes. Your patrol spirit can then
roam around and issue a limited number of challenges to find
Wyrm-taint, unusual spirits, or just plain suspicious activity.
The number of challenges he can undertake equals twice
your permanent number of Gnosis Traits. The duration of
the Gift expires after ten minutes or when the spirit has
made all its challenges, whichever comes first.

© Hootenanny (Level Two) — Bone Gnawer Hillfolk

invented this Gift, and they've been teaching it to Galliards
everywhere. A good old-fashioned hootenanny involves
music played really fast and incredibly well—"Dueling Ban-

jos"

is currently the most common song used with it.
While a Garou enacts this performance, every werewolf

in his pack finds it easier to run, fight, jump, or perform any
other rapid, strenuous physical activity. Unfortunately, ev-
eryone who hears the performance feels like dancing—they
might stomp their feet, clap to the music, and even dance
around if the music's good enough. This gives the pack a
decided edge in combat. With this Gift, a pack of Hillfolk
and a Galliard with a banjo can tear up a whole room full of
fomori and Black Spirals with one hell of a square dance.
This Gift is taught by an ancestor-spirit, usually one that
looks and acts like a Galliard. Some Galliards claim this Gift
is taught by the ghost of Elvis, but no one believes them.

System: When the hootenanny starts, the Garou using

it spends a Gnosis, rolls Manipulation + Performance, and
plays fast-paced, raucous music ona musical instrument. Ifthe
character scores three successes on the first turn, the Gift is
activated; if he doesn't, he can continue to attempt the roll
each turn until he does. For the duration of one scene, as long
as he continues to perform, each Garou in his pack can add
three extra dice to any Dexterity + Brawl or Athletics dice

70

i A 7

The Paprot Template (WET locarvaftion)

"Patrol Gifts" are ones in which you can send out
a spirit or spirits to affect a large area or affect people
across long distances. You can only use one Patrol Gift
ata time. For each one, the "patrolling spirit" mechanic
works like this:

You must bring another player with you to a session
in which you want to use this Gift. When this Gift is not
beingused, that person playsan incidental character in the
game, usually a spirit or one of your Kinfolk. You can
activate a Patrol Gift when that person is close enough for
you to tap on the shoulder. He then hands you his
character sheet and assumes the role of a "patrolling
spirit"; for this reason, that person is also known asa "spirit
player." For the duration of the Gift, the spirit player makes
decisions for the patrolling spirit; the incidental character
is assumed to be quietly standing next to you (as the user
of this Gift) during this time. The incidental character can
still be challenged, but you'll have to represent him in
tests, and it can't issue challenges.

Once you've activated your patrolling spirit, you
may then whisper commands about the intended target
of this Gift to the spirit player. The spirit player puts his
right arm across his chest to indicate "I'm in the Umbra."
He cannot be challenged or affected by supernatural
powers, norcan he challenge or affect anyone other than
the target of this Gift. At the end of ten minutes, he
begins walking directly back towards you. When he taps
you on the shoulder, you hand him his original character
sheet, and he returns to his previous character.

A Garou must have at least one dedicated Gaffling or
Jaggling to usea Patrol Gift. Alternatively, you may use your
pack's totem spirit (Spirit Keeper's discretion), but while it
is away, the pack cannot access the benefits of their totem.

pool. A packmate can add these dice to only one action each
round, or he may divide them among multiple actions, but he
cannotuse more than three bonus dice from this Gift ina turn.

Any enemies listening should make Willpower rolls when
this power is activated. If an opponent hearing the music can't
score at least three successes on this roll, raise the difficulty of
all his Dexterity + Brawl or Athletics dice pools by 2. (Melee
and Firearm dice pools are not affected by this Gift.)

MET: You must sing or perform a fast-paced country
song to use this Gift. (You don't actually have to know the
words, although it would be disturbing if you did. One of the
most common songs for this is "Dueling Banjos.") You add
two Physical Traits to each of your packmates' challenges,
but cannot join in any of those challenges.

© Lucky Bastard (Level Three) — By performing an
epic feat to please the spirits, you've found a way to over-
come the curse of your jackal's blood. This Gift is taught by
a jackal-spirit, usually as an act of forgiveness after an
appropriate Umbral quest lasting at least one game session.

Bone Gnawers

[POEL

AEE Say


System: This Gift can be used once per game session.
The Garou spends one Gnosis; the person roleplaying him
can then reroll any one dice pool for that character. The
effects only apply if the roll is "better" (that is, scores more
successes) than the original roll.

MET: Once per session, you can spend a Gnosis Trait
fora retest on any challenge. This challenge follows up after
other types of retests, so you could tack this on after an
Ability challenge. If you use this Gift, though, it's the only
Gift you can use for a retest — you can't add other Gifts and
then use this one if they fail.

© Streets Tell Stories (Level Three) — You've got an
ear to the sidewalk... literally. By touching a road, sidewalk,
or path of some kind, you receive a flash of impressions about
what has transpired there during the last twenty-four hours.
Urban spirits whisper words, waft scents, and even give a
taste of events in the neighborhood. This Gift is bestowed
by a City Mother or City Father Totem, usually as a reward
for acting in defense of the city.

System: SpendoneGnosisand roll Perception + Streetwise
(difficulty 6). You may specify what sort of information you
require before you roll the dice. One success reveals a brief
sensory impression with any one sense other than sight. Three
successes gives a rush of images (described rapid-fire by the
Storyteller); you may ask questions about any one of them and
receive more specific details with all five senses. Five successes
gives you access complete recall about everyone who's passed
by within the last day, including impressions from all five
senses. However, you'll need to spend a scene sitting and
thinking to recall this amount of detail.

MET: Since use of Streets Tell Stories takes about an
hour and gives a flash of a whole past day, it's not useful in
the middle of a game; rather, it's useful between sessions.
Tell the Storyteller that you want to "read" a specific area.
When you receive your character sheet for the next game
session, the Storyteller should include information about
the impressions you gain from that area. You can only use
Streets Tell Stories once between each game session.

¢ Laugh of the Hyena (Level Three) — Hyena follows
no one; instead, he laughs and mocks anyone who tries to
command him. In the same fashion, a Garou who can
actually convince a Hyena-spirit to teach him such defiance
can steal the spirit's mocking laughter. The Garou can learn
to resist any attempt to command, cajole, force, or demand
him to do something he doesn't want to do. This is never
subtle. The Garou (and the player) must cackle like ahyena-
spirit when calling upon this Gift.

System: The Bone Gnawer has a -2 difficulty to any
Willpower roll used to resist mental domination or control.
This includes the Gift: Roll Over; all effects of the vampire
Discipline: Dominate; all effects of the mage Mind Sphere;
and all effects of the wraith Arcanos: Puppetry.

MET: You gain a two-Trait bonus on any Mental Chal-
lenge to resist mental domination or control. Remember, you
must cackle out loud each time you invoke such a retest.

EEE

See sase er arweseren rey a ens ame

¢ Rant and Rave (Level Three) — Suffused with the
pure energy of the Wyld, the user of this Gift rants and raves
in a torrent of nonsensical language. Only others who are
properly attuned to his magic silver-hammer disco ball
dimension can penetrate his tinfoil hat. More precisely, any
member of his pack or the Bone Gnawer tribe can decode
whatever nonsense he is saying. He can also project these
thoughts at a distance to one listener; the ranting Garou
chooses which individual receives his psychic transmission.

The listener does not have to actually hear the ranting
Garou. As longas he's within the same city, or even the same
state or province, there's a chance he'll receive the message.
(Unlike the Gift: Mindspeak, line of sight is not always
required.) Ranting Bone Gnawers have been known to hold
entire conversations from opposite sides of the same city,
taking turns shouting violent imprecations to no one in
particular. A Wyldling-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The ranting Garou spends one Gnosis for each
werewolf he wants to receive his secret message; the duration is
one scene. Each one of these targets must either be a member of
his pack ora Bone Gnawer. (This is allowable ifhe's temporarily
joined a pack with the Bone Gnawer Gift: Tagalong.) Roll the
ranter's Appearance + Expression (difficulty 6); the number of
successes limits how far away his recipient can be.

one line of sight (as per Mindspeak)

two same building

three same city block

four same city

five same state or province

For Wyld reasons no one can understand, the most
powerful application of this Gift actually does have a longer
range in Texas or Alaska than in Rhode Island, New
Hampshire, or Vermont. Bone Gnawer Deserters have gone
on epic Umbral quests to deduce the reason why, but have
never returned with any sufficiently logical answer.

MET: This isa Patrol Gift (see sidebar). Two tin cans (or
appropriate substitutes) are also required as props. Use one
Gnosis and tap your chosen spirit player on the shoulder. The
spirit player then hands your sheet to you and represents the
patrolling spirit instead. Whisper a message to the player of
the patrolling spirit and hand him the tin can. He must then
walk to the target of your message, hand her the tin can, and
whisper in her ear. The message cannot be longer than five
sentences. (Just in case you're cheap enough to attempt long
rambling sentences, your companion can't write them down,
and will have to repeat them from memory.) As with any
other Patrol Gift, the patrolling spirit can't be challenged.

Assoonas the spirit leaves to deliver the message, you must
begin ranting for at least full minute. The statements you make
must be utter gibberish. You don't need to shout, but you can't
whisper—muttering is fine. You cannot start challenges while
ranting, but you can be challenged. After you've been chal-
lenged, you must begin ranting again for at least a full minute.

In the meantime, the "spirit" delivers the message and
hands the tin can to the recipient of your message. She may

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 71

mere

ye AE PRA OR EA YL PNY

then elect to return a message at least five sentences long (with
the same limitations and restrictions). If she takes this option,
she must then begin ranting as you did for a full five minutes.

* Cooter's Revenge (Level Three) — Any Bone Gnawer
who watches too much television knows about Cooter. He's got
a tow truck parked down the street from the Dukes of Hazzard,
and he always has the right tool for the right job. Followers of
the tribe's automotive totem (described under "Totems") train
extensively with automotive tools, and wouldn't be caught
dead without them. This Gift not only makes proper repairs
much easier, but can also save your life if you're caught unaware
while changing a tire by the side of the freeway.

System: This Gift requires a heavy, automotive tool at
least as big as a large crescent wrench (anything smaller than a
half-inch crescent wrench won't do). If you voluntarily lend out
any of your tools, you can't use this Gift until you get them back.

For one Gnosis, this Gift reduces the difficulty of any
automotive repair roll to 4, (but only if you're using the right
tool). For one Rage, the Gift can make the tool a deadlier
weapon. Whether you prefer a tire iron or power drill, you
can use your chosen tools to inflict Strength + 3 lethal
damage for one scene. As an added bonus, you can do the
same damage with all four hubcaps, the four wheel wells, and
the spare tire of a car as ranged weapons.

MET: You gain an automatic retest on any Repair
Challenge at a cost of one Gnosis Trait. If you burn one Rage
Trait, you can also wield any tool larger than a half-inch
crescent wrench as a weapon with three bonus Traits. (Use
an index card to represent it, please.) The weapon can be
concealed under a jacket, has the Negative Trait: Danger-
ous, and inflicts lethal damage. After all, when you attack
people with power tools, accidents happen.

¢ Dumpster Diving (Level Three) — One of the less
sanitary tribal totems, the Great Trash Heap, has dissipated its
consciousness throughout the dumping grounds, landfills, and
trash piles of the world. Bone Gnawers who follow this totem
commune with the Incarna by defending, protecting, and even
obeying these festering heaps. When a Garou has reached this
rank of renown, he may be called upon to travel between
festering sacred sites to carry out the totem's demands.

Just as entering a Moon Bridge helps Garou travel
between caerns, dumpster diving allows Bone Gnawers and
their packs to venture from one shrine of the Great Trash
Heap to another. The werewolf burrows down into the
trash, tunnels around in it, and then resurfaces inside
another Heap on another part of the planet. Obviously, this
Gift is taught by a totem-spirit of the Great Trash Heap. A
Garou temporarily serving the totem through the Level One
Gift: Tagalong can learn this Gift, but the werewolf must
still petition the totem each time he uses it.

System: The totem decides when to open and close
these gateways and assigns their destinations. When the pack
goes dumpster diving, the highest-ranking Bone Gnawer
makes a Gnosis roll (difficulty 4) when entering the trash pile;
the travel time is the same as for stepping sideways. This

ability cannot be used more than once per day, and it only
works at the totem's behest. Keeping these pathways open is
difficult, so the traveler and his pack must return to their
original site within three days. If they don't make it back in
time, they'll have to travel back by more conventional means.

MET: You may invoke this Gift once in a session, and
you must make a challenge as if stepping sideways against a
Gauntlet of four Traits. If you succeed, you and your pack can
dive into a trash pile or dumpster, and you'll all appear
somewhere else. Where, though, depends upon the Storyteller's
whim. Thiscan sometimes provide a handy escape, ora means
of traveling to a place where the pack's needed.

© Shadow of the Rat (Level Four) — Rats are known for
their resilience, persistence, and ruthlessness. Since Rat serves
asthe Bone Gnawer's tribal totem, Garou of this tribe may learn
a great deal about survival under the tutelage of rat-spirits.

System: The Garou can spend one Gnosis to lower the
difficulty of all Stamina rolls (including soak rolls) by 1 for
the duration of one scene.

MET: If you use a Trait related to Stamina in a Physical
Challenge, you can spend one Gnosis Trait and make a Simple
Challenge (win or tie) to regain it ten minutes later. Youcannot
do this more than once per challenge; if youspenda whole scene
fighting, you can only do this for one Trait you used during that
scene. In addition, you cannot use this on any Trait you have
listed more than once on your character sheet. (You can use it
for the first level of the Trait, but not for any levels beyond that.)
In case you need an official list of Traits acceptable to this Gift,
here it is: Enduring, Energetic, Resilient, Robust, Rugged,
Stalwart, Tenacious, Tireless, Tough, Vigorous, Wiry.

° Face in the Crowd (Level Four) — You thrive in the
midst of riots, angry mobs, lynchings, civil disturbances, or
any other situation where a crowd of humans rebels, revolts,
or resists authority. The Gift doesn't actually enrage a
crowd; it just adds direction to a riot already in progress.
Wyldlings and Ratkin Twitchers teach this Gift.

System: Using this Gift costs one Willpower each turn.
That turn, you can use one noun and one verb to direct what
an angry mob will do. The Garou doesn't need to vocalize
these commands; the player states them to the Storyteller.

Silly commands automatically fail. (You could, for
instance, issue the command "kill vampires," but demand-
ing that everyone "drink Pepsi" does nothing.) You must
direct the crowd at something other than itself (so verbs like
"sleep," "vomit," or "laugh" or the noun "suicide" are right
out). The Storyteller has the right to veto any noun/verb
that's too abusive ("kill yourselves") or just plain stupid.

MET: Against a Mob challenge of faceless mooks —
that is, any time that a bunch of unidentified Narrator
characters show up to serve as milling bystanders — you can
expend a Willpower Trait to determine, each turn, what
action the Mob takes as its challenge. You don't need to
make any test to direct the Mob, but this only works on a
Mob that doesn't include any players' characters or impor-
tant, named Storyteller characters.

72 Bone Gnawers

a

ey


© Trust Me (Level Four) — Once each game session, a
Bone Gnawer with this Gift can tell an outrageous lie so well
that ordinary humans accept it as truth. The story must at
least be vaguely possible and end with the words, "Trust me."
What the human does with this knowledge is entirely a
matter of roleplaying. Munchmausen Ratkin teach this Gift.

System: No roll is necessary: ordinary humans auto-
matically believe the Bone Gnawer's tale. This Gift does not
work on supernatural creatures or animals.

MET: Once each session, you can automatically win
one Social Challenge by saying the words, "Trust me." Your
opponent can only retest if he has at least twice as many
Social Traits as you do, but this requires him to overbid. The
Storyteller should present you with a signed and dated card
for this Gift at the beginning of each session; you tear it up
immediately after using it. As noted above, this Gift only
works on normal humans, not on supernatural creatures or
animals. Still, it's a great way to get out of jail free.

¢ Piping (Level Five) — In times of great need, an elder
can issue a call to his tribe that echoes through the Umbra of
an entire city. First, hordes of spirits appear before him in the
spirit world. They then swarm out to find everyone of the same
tribe. Bone Gnawers use this Gift more than any other tribe,
usually relying on hordes of rat-spirits to find all their hidden
brothers and sisters. The tribalists don't need to answer the call,
but the spirit can relay a brief message exhorting the Garou to
aid her brothers and sisters. Using this Gift for a trivial purpose
may cost the Garou temporary Honor.

System: Piping works like the Gift: Call of the Wyld, but it
stretches across an entire city and only works on Bone Gnawers.

MET: Use Piping as a Patrol Gift. If you have this Gift,
the Storyteller should include with your character record a
card that lists all of the other Bone Gnawers in play. Youcan
send your Patrol spirit out with that card to find these players
and notify them of the use of the Gift.

© Help Me (Level Five) — Once each game session, a
Bone Gnawer with this Gift can tell a tale of suffering so pitiful
that he can elicit the help of an average human. With enough
successes, he may convince the human to go out of his way to
help the poor suffering bastard get on his feet. Masters of this
Gift have managed to walk witha mark to the ATM forasizable
donation, borrow the keys to a car for an evening, or sleep on
someone's floor. The tribe has spent millennia watching over
the human race; after realizing on some subconscious level this
great service, the human pays his protector back with a grand
favor. Great Bone Gnawer heroes use this Gift when they need
help protecting humans from the evils around them.

System: There's a price to pay, however. Some rabble
exploit these victims for all they can get, but this behavior is
hardly considered honorable. Word gets around. Using this
help for the common good is commendable, but if the werewolf
uses this Gift from Gaia to rip people off, he'll lose one
temporary Honor each time if the local Garou find out. In any
case, the Storyteller decides what help the human offers.

a

Sam sam re es aera Peeve Nes ae

MET: While this Gift only works on anormal human and
only once per game session, it automatically causes the human
to become predisposed to help you as best as possible. This will
depend upon the human's skills, proclivities and Nature: A
wealthy business executive will give you money, but probably
won't kill someone for you (unless he secretly has the Monster
nature and has always been waiting for an excuse); conversely,
a hardened criminal might give you some guns or do alittle job
for you, but probably wouldn't spend the next three days
working at an orphanage. You should at least try to roleplay out
telling your sob story to influence the subject. Remember, use
of this elder-level Gift for trivial or selfish ends may result in the
loss of Honor, even if only the spirits see it.

The Barking Chalo

Bone Gnawer Galliards have perfected one of the
fastest methods of spreading news known to Garou: the
Barking Chain. It starts with a single Galliard howling a
few words in the lupus language. If the message is simple
enough, it may picked up by astray dog, canine house pet,
or possibly a runaway wolf. That animal responds by
barking outa series of high-pitched yips, woofs and howls
to repeat what he's heard. If performed correctly, the
Galliard can start off enough canine cacophony to spread
asimple message throughout an entire city, and possibly
into the surrounding countryside.

If you need specific game mechanics for this, a
Bone Gnawer Galliard can set off a Barking Chain with
a Manipulation + Animal Ken roll (difficulty 6). Three
successes can convey a brief "adjective-noun-verb"
sentence; five successes transmit a brief black-and-
white image. Unfortunately, these impressions are fil-
tered through the average intelligence of the dogs
involved. They may distort or simplify the message into
terms a house pet would understand. Thus, if a Garou
scores less than three successes while barking a phrase
like "Black Spirals attacking," it may twist into "ugly-
furries-leaping" or "bad-monsters-eating." Whether the
information is useful or useless, only Bone Gnawers can
benefit from it, understand it, or deconstruct it.

The Barking Chain works both ways. Street mutts
and bored family dogs have been known to set off a
Barking Chain with trivial or even useless information.
For a Galliard, this racket forms a continual back-
ground noise whenever he's in a city at night. The
Storyteller (not the player) may call for a Perception +
Animal Ken roll for the character to discern what the
local mutts are howling about. With one success, the
Garou can discern which dogs are bored, which are
lonely, and which are hungry. Three successes may give
information about the dogs' owners or activity in the
neighborhood. Five successes may pinpoint a danger-
ous event the character probably wants to know about.

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 73

Somme \,

.

aero eis nna enn Soe aa Seen a ene oe rrr

iat

Traditional Theurges insist on performing rites exactly
as custom dictates. If the Rite of Cleansing requires a willow
wand, clear water, and widdershin perambulation, then each
of these requirements must be dutifully incorporated. Of
course, many tribes have variants of these rites, since the
exact "ingredients" are not strictly essential. Wendigo, for
example, sometimes use consecrated tobacco instead of clear
spring water for their cleansing rites, while Fianna consider
atonal howling to be the most vital component. Performing
rites correctly is an honorable observance of tradition. Many
Garou are careful to perform them exactly as they were
taught, not only to ensure their success, but also to encourage
their elders to award them renown for succeeding.

Bone Gnawers, as with so many other aspects of their
culture, break many of these rules. Of all the tribes, they
perform the most spontaneous and disorganized rites. Tradi-
tional Theurges may speak of their rituals as disrespectful, or
even blasphemous. Yet the urrah have reworked these an-
cient traditions with good reason: many ancient rites cannot
be performed formally and correctly in a city. If you're
performing the Rite of Cleansing, for instance, then finding
a willow branch or a clear spring can take a bit of work.

A clever Theurge learns to substitute urban elements,
usually scavenged from whatever refuse can be found. An
Uktena might be shocked to see someone purifying spiritual
taint with a bottle of Perrier or a six-pack of soda. Nonethe-
less, Bone Gnawers encourage such creativity and improvi-
sation. Substituting weird "ingredients" may decrease the
chance of a traditional rite working, but it gains the admi-
ration of Bone Gnawer elders. It may not garner as much
renown, but it gets the job done.

Reckless cubs and cliath have also been known to
spontaneously invent their own rites, even when they know
they won't get renown for them. Rites do more than sum-
mon up supernatural effects — they help hold a pack
together and recognize what's important to them. By a
definition, if a ritual is something you always do at a certain
time or at a certain place, then it should be part of the
Theurge's job to formally recognize activities that are im-
portant to the pack and bring them together.

Amazingly enough, when a spontaneous rite is per-
formed often enough, urban spirits actually take notice and
begin to respond to the call. Through creativity and innova-
tion, Bone Gnawers repeatedly invent new rituals to adapt to
their ever-changing environment. They may appear strange
and involve whatever junk they've picked up in their travels,
but they're an integral part of urban spirituality.

Rte of the Cardboard Palace Wythe)
Level One
Through this rite, a Garou can transform any flimsy
structure into a decent place to sleep. This often involves a
lot of cardboard and newspaper, but the rite can be invoked
just about anywhere you want to call home for the night.

7

hw

ne A ee

Optlonal Repo: Spontaveors Rudi

As an optional guideline, if a Bone Gnawer impro-
vises a vastly different way of performing a ritual, a
Storyteller may increase its difficulty by 1 or 2. This
usually involves substituting urban materials for the
more sacred ones described in the core rulebook. For
example, performing Rite of the Questing Stone with a
car antenna still requires Wits + Rituals, but at difficulty
8 instead of difficulty 7. The risk of altering a traditional
ritual should also carry a reward. If the ritual succeeds,
and the pack returns to a moot to tell about it, an open-
minded Theurge elder may award an additional point of
temporary Wisdom Renown. Conversely, if the Theurge
elders are staunch traditionalists, they may not award
renown for the rite at all — perhaps one is better off not
mentioning such transgressions.

A ritual can also be a mundane activity performed at
an appropriate time. At the Storyteller's discretion, she
may award a temporary point of Wisdom when a Theurge
enacts a rite in a particularly inventive or creative way. If
the pack adopts this a regular practice, the character may
use the rules for inventing new rites (see the rulebook) to
adapt this into a minor rite. Typically, these rites add a
single die to whatever dice pool is relevant to the activity.
In this same spirit, the Storyteller may decide to add a
single die to the roll fora particularly brilliant spontaneous
ritual. Players shouldn't ask for this die; an impressed
Storyteller grants it without prompting.

The new "walls" of your home become water-resistant and
insulated, keeping everyone inside warm and dry. Not
surprisingly, you can perform this rite in full view of the
mundane populace without breaking the Veil. For some
travelers, performing this ritual is just a matter of habit. It
may simply involve making a few personal touches to make
your space feel secure and safe. For powerful Theurges, the
cardboard palace becomes a place of healing as well.

System: When performing this rite, roll Intelligence +
Survival (difficulty) 6; with at least one success, you can turn
an ordinary shelter into a comfortable place to sleep. If you
spend a point of Gnosis before the roll, the shelter is more
than just comfortable. The Garou (or other shapechanger)
living in the cardboard palace can roll Stamina for every day
of rest; three successes heals an additional aggravated wound.
Whether the space is dedicated or not, it can be cast on
anyone's structure — not just the ritualist's.

MET: Since most Bone Gnawer characters don't have
Resources, this rite provides a home between game sessions for
your character. If you know this rite, you can assume that you
always have some place safe and dry tosleep, and if you sacrifice
a point of Gnosis at the next game, you come in with one level
of aggravated damage healed as well (useful if you were horribly
mauled and it would normally take months to heal). Of course,
your cardboard palace can still be attacked, so it's not totally

Bone Gnawers

eieieny 7 /


safe, but at least you're not spending your money on housing —
and you can move from place to place more easily.

Rite of the Pixza Accord)

Level One

Rabble-rousers sometimes try to bring Garou together
for a quick, temporary enterprise. Buying them food (or
beer) is one way to encourage them to work together, but
this minor rite formally acknowledges the alliance and calls
upon urban spirits for a quick blessing.

This rite requires a public telephone and enough spare
change for a call. The goal is to gather enough food to feed
everyone for one meal. This may seem like a simple task, but
because of a wide variety of urban traditions, it's actually
fraught with peril. Take, for instance, its most common
application: ordering a pizza. The Garou must decide where
to order from, what toppings to get, what the tip should be,
and most distressing, who gets which slices. If they can
overcome this Herculean task, there is a chance they may
work together to achieve greater goals.

At the culmination of the ritual, the highest-ranking
Theurge "gives thanks" (or "says grace"). This must be done
very, very quickly, since many Bone Gnawers are ravenously
hungry for warm pizza. The highest-ranking Philodox then
declares the reason why the temporary pack has been formed.
(The Storyteller should demand a more specific explanation
if the definition is too broad. "Breaking into Warehouse #8 to
recover a Croatan fetish" isa specific goal; "killing the Wyrm"
or just "killing shit" is not.) While wolfing down hot morsels
of food, the group then coordinates its plan.

System: The Theurge rolls Charisma + Rituals (diffi-
culty 8); increase the difficulty by 1 for every ten Garou
participating in the ceremony. Each success yields one tem-
porary die; for the sake of convenience, we'll call this dice pool
the "pizza pool." These temporary dice pool lasts until the
temporary pack achieves its temporary goal. On any dice roll
that directly relates to the goal at hand, a Garou can burn off
one of the temporary dice for the pizza pool. The whole group
shares the pizza pool. This rite cannot be performed more than
once a day by anyone in the alliance, and the pizza pool can't
last for more than 24 hours. Additionally, Garou who are
already in a pack cannot perform this rite.

At the Storyteller's discretion, if the players actually
roleplay this further by ordering a pizza during the game
session, paying for it, and offering up a slice or two to the
Storyteller, he may lower the difficulty to 6.

MET: This rite is similar to the Rite of the Cup, but
much tastier. It allows a gathering of Garou to pool their
resources for everyone's benefit. The Rite of the Pizza requires
each Garou participating to use one of the following Traits or
avoid this cost by confessing one of the listed Negative Traits.
A Bone Gnawercan throw in any Social Trait instead. (If you
like, you can do this as a roll call: "Stalwart?" "Here!")

Traits: Stalwart, Charismatic, Commanding,
Empathetic, Friendly, Genial, Ingratiating, Shrewd, Lead-
ership, Finance

——————eE——

Semen us enwaseren cee mene

Negative Traits: Cowardly, Docile, Puny, Sickly, Naive,
Impatient, Submissive

In this fashion, naturally inspirational characters moti-
vate a pack of rabble and bribe them to help. Bone Gnawers
use these bribes (and accept them) all the time, so it's second
nature to them. Everyone involved must then share food
(both players and characters). The most common and
delicious application of this is ordering a pizza. The food
must be something that everyone can eat or drink (both
players and characters). If you're ordering pizza, for instance,
you must figure out a way to feed everyone involved.

The Narrator, Spirit Keeper, or one of the judges must also
get a share of the food; he then signs an index card for each
participant in the rite with the words "pizza pool." The ritualist
then declaresa specific goal everyone in the gathering will work
for as part of the plot of the game. (See the tabletop definition
of this Gift forfurther details.) Each character that has partaken
of the food or drink gets one free retest on one test that furthers
that goal. After the retest, the ritualist tears up the card.

Rte of Crash Space (Ntyshe)

Level Two

Ratkin developed ‘this rite initially, then traded it to a
handful of Bone Gnawer Theurges forabig pile of shiny Loot.
This rite is much like that of the Cardboard Palace, but further
"dedicates" the space for peaceful reflection and meditation.

System: This rite works differently for Bone Gnawers
than it does for Ratkin. The ritemaster must spend one
Gnosis and make a Wits + Rituals roll (difficulty 7). Recov-
ering Gnosis becomes easier in the "crash space"; reduce the
difficulty of any rolls to recover Gnosis while inside the
structure by 2. If the ritualist scores three successes on the
roll for casting this rite, any Garou meditating in the crash
space can regain Gnosis by meditating for an hour; the
amount of Gnosis regained equals the number of successes
he scores on a Wits + Enigmas roll after an hour of medita-
tion. (Outside the crash space, the number of points re-
gained depends on the number of hours spent meditating.)

MET: This rite is cast on a cardboard box (or an
acceptable substitute). To the characters, the box must be
large enough for one person to crawl inside. To the players,
the box must at least be big enough for someone to stand in.
While resting in the box for ten minutes, a Garou can burn
one of his Willpower Traits to heal one aggravated wound.
This cannot be done more than once per game session. Any
Garou can use this shelter to Meditate as if possessed of one
Meditation Trait, but only one can use it at a time and each
one can only do so once.

Ripe of the Sbopplog Cart Wyshse)

Level Two

When the ritual is performed on any carrying space or
cargo-carrying device, it can be expanded to hold more stuff,
loot, or junk. In a sense, the inside becomes slightly larger
than the outside. The container doesn't bulge or distort;
even bulky items become easy to carry.

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 75

WN


ee ee een SN

System: Roll Wits + Rituals (difficulty 7) and spend
one Gnosis. For each success, you can place another ten
pounds in the container. The rite must be renewed each
week or the contents will spill out of the container (and
possibly into the street). On a botched roll, the container
breaks or tears and is rendered useless.

MET: Use one Gnosis. You can list up to twenty
objects on an index card. You are assumed to be carrying
them around as longas you have that card. Each object must
be small enough that you can carry it in one hand in homid
form. While the tabletop version of this Gift typically
involves a shopping cart or cardboard box, you can use it to
represent a garbage bag or backpack just as easily.

Rts of the Cardboard Fortra: Weyttte)

Level Three

This rite, an amalgam of Rite of the Shopping Cart and
Rite of the Cardboard Box, requires thinking "outside the
box." The results would look something like this: Using duct
tape and at least one cardboard box, the ritemaster dedicates
the box so that it's much larger on the inside than it is on the
outside. This involves creating a "pocket realm" of the
Umbra accessible to anyone with the Gnosis Trait. The box
must at least be large enough for the ritemaster to crawl
inside, along with a flap that can open and close.

Depending on the success of the ritual, once the proper
rites have been finished, up to five Garou can fit inside with
enough room to barely move around without bumping into
each other. (In theory, they could square dance or do
calisthenics, but couldn't play tackle football.) If the box is
opened or destroyed, there is nothing inside it, at least in the
physical world. Instead, the Garou may exit their secret
cardboard fortress through the Umbra. Multiple cardboard
boxes can be taped together to hold multiple shapechangers.

System: Spend one Gnosis and roll Wits + Rituals
(difficulty 7). Each success allows one shapechanger to move
about freely inside, even if it's in the equivalent of Crinos
form. The Gift does not work on Corax or Mokolé, perhaps
for reasons involving Helios. The effects last for one full day
or until the cardboard box is destroyed. Fighting in the
Cardboard Fortress inevitably destroys the cardboard box.

MET: Use one Gnosis. Like many Bone Gnawer rites and
Gifts, this also requires a prop: a cardboard box. To the
characters, the box must be large enough for one person tocrawl
inside. To the players, the box must at least be big enough for
someone to stand in. After the Garou casts this rite, he can
bring a number of shapechangers equal to his permanent
Gnosis Trait into the cardboard fortress. This is represented by
having them stand around the box. As long as they're standing
within one pace of the box, they can converse and interact
undisturbed. Each player "in the cardboard fortress" crosses his
orherarms. All other players ignore them. No other characters
can use Gifts to interact with them. Even if the physical box is
destroyed (in game or in character), the effects continue until
everyone leaves or the ritualist ends the rite.

7

———

ee A

Ripe of Mav-Tatot (Porksbmerh)

Level Three

Bone Gnawer ritualists can reveal when a werewolf has
eaten human flesh. The furtive activities of Man-Eaters (see
Chapter Two) have made this something of a necessity. As the
Litany states, "Ye Shall Not Eat the Flesh of Humans." If
enacted within seven days ofa transgression against this dictum
of the Litany, the rite forcefully expels every chunk of human
flesh consumed from the suspect's body. If the werewolf can't
vomit up incriminating evidence through his mouth, the meat
may ooze up out of the skin or surge out of another orifice.

System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals (dif-
ficulty 7); the subject can resist the rite with a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7). If the ritemaster wins the contest by at least
one success, the transgression against the Litany is revealed.

MET: Witha Social Challenge, the ritualist can reveal
if a Garou has consumed human flesh within the current or
previous game session. (The cost in experience to learn this
rite should be two points less than ordinary rites.)

Level Three

Bone Gnawers hate being treated like dogs. Every
Garou is a wolf at heart; even the lowest among them finds
some dignity in that fact. Treating them like mangy curs
infuriates and shames them no end. This Punishment Rite
is reserved for Gnawers who have acted so shamefully that
even the Bone Gnawer tribe is repulsed. The criminal is
bound in Lupus form, usually within the bawn of a sept.

System: The ritemaster spends one Gnosis while hold-
ing a rope, chain, or leash of some kind. He then states the
crime and makes a Manipulation + Law roll (difficulty 7). If
the number of successes is higher than the offender's Gnosis,
the offender can be trapped by the "leash." Once bound, the
Garou cannot be moved or handed off to someone else
without freeing him. Through Gaia's grace, only one of her
Philodox can hold the "leash." However, if the offender is
later found innocent, the Garou who cast this rite loses 5
temporary Wisdom. Casting the rite over trivial offenses
also results in a loss of Wisdom.

MET: The ritualist issues a Social Challenge against
someone who has acted dishonorably at a moot, enough to
have lost an Honor Trait. This rite must be cast at a moot.
The target should relent; if he resists, he immediately loses
another Honor Trait. Furthermore, if the Garou is so lowly
that he doesn't have an Honor Trait left, he can't resist. If
the dishonorable Garou succeeds, the rite fails. If the ritual-
ist succeeds, then for ten minutes, the dishonorable Garou
cannot walk further than five giant paces from the spot
where he's standing when targeted with this Rite. The
ritualist should find a socially acceptable way to mark that
spot. If the accusation is fora trivial transgression (as defined
by the Narrator or one of her assistants), the Garou casting
this rite should lose an Honor Trait.

Bone Gnawers

— imine </

|


tte of the Signpett (Carr)

Level Four

Bone Gnawers often surround their urban homes with
wards and rituals to discourage passers-by from wanting to
notice what's really going on there. Through the Rite of the
Signpost, a ritemaster slowly works his way around a stomping
ground or urban caern, leaving signs or markings to intimi-
date, misdirect, or confuse ordinary people from wandering
into the bawn. Trash, graffiti, dead animals, and general signs
of squalor can all convince the average human that there are
some darkened streets you just don't want to go down.
Participating Theurges and Galliards stomp about the area as
part of this rite. As shameful as it may seem, this also involves
marking a few sidewalks and walls with urine and stink.

As an added effect to a successful rite, humans may get
lost in the area surrounding the warded area, even a few
blocks away. Garou must inhabit this area at least overnight;
youcan't cast this ona random neighborhood just to confuse
people. The rite cannot be performed on an area larger than
a single building or alleyway. If the warded area ever ap-
proaches the size of a city block, the wards will begin to fail.
The ward must be renewed each month (foracaern) or each
week (for stomping grounds).

System: Enacting this rite requires one hour of activity,
the expenditure of ten Gnosis (any participants may con-
tribute to this total), anda Wits + Rituals roll (difficulty 7).
Record the number of successes. A human that consciously
decides to go against his better judgment and enter the area
must beat the number of successes on a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7). This rite cannot be performed on an area
where the Gauntlet is higher than 8.

MET: This rite wards a Bone Gnawer stomping ground
against intrusion for one full day. Enacting it requires the
ritualist to enlist at least two Garou assistants to march ina
circle around the selected area for ten minutes. The area
cannot be larger than ten giant steps wide (as measured by
the ritualist). Each of the three Garou spends one Gnosis
Trait. Note the total of their permanent Gnosis Traits and
Occult Traits: this is the strength of the ward. (Ifyou like, the
Narrator or one of her assistants can sign and date a card
with the strength of the ward.)

The ritualist (or one of her assistants) must stand guard
while this rite is in effect. Normally, anyone passing by the
stomping ground ignores anything taking place there, as if
the whole area was under the effects of Blur of the Milky Eye.
The area looks more frightening, intimidating, and danger-
ous than it normally would. Bone Gnawers typically in-
crease the effect with atrocious graffiti, vandalism, broken
glass, signs of violence, and similar signs of urban blight.

Anyone approaching the area must win a Mental Chal-
lenge against the Garou standing guard to enter the area. In
the case of a tie, the "guardian Garou" acts as though his total
number of Mental Traits equals the strength of the ward.
Humans must spend one Willpower Trait before making this

Sr are a ere Lee PE EN Ne

challenge; anyone else must spend a Mental Trait. A group of
characters can use the Mob Rules for a Mental Challenge
against the guarding Garou — angry mobs aren't as intimi-
dated by the ward as lone wanderers — but each participant
must spend the appropriate Trait beforehand.

Pe of No Trapawng (Caern)

Level Five

Performed on rural caerns, this ritual keeps the Bone
Gnawers' most sacred places hidden from humanity. The
ritemaster enacts the help of a pack to slowly working their
way around the bawn of a caern. By scratching on trees and
stones, marking locations with urine and scent, calling on
the steadfast power of the Earth and even hanging faded
"BEWARE OF DOGS" and "TRESPASSERS WILL BE
SHOT" sign, they actively discourage humans from finding
their way into the heart of the caern. This doesn't act like an
absolute "Ward Against Humans." Humans can still un-
cover the caern if its inhabitants aren't careful, but the rite
forces them to take a bit of effort to actually work their way
to a caern's spiritual center.

System: The system is much the same as that of the Rite
of the Signpost, even to requiring the expenditure of ten
Gnosis. Only one ritemaster makes the final Wits + Rituals
roll, but any participating Garou may spend one Willpower
to grant an automatic success to the roll. Anyone within the
bawn of a caern who passes the Caern Ward must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 6); if he can't score as many
successes as the Garou did on this rite, he gets lost and
cannot find his way to the spiritual heart of the caern. If he
succeeds, he can only find it by searching the area — an
activity that's sure to draw the attention of nearby Garou.
Because of the strength of the Weaver, this rite can only be
performed in the wilderness, and even then, only ina place
where the Gauntlet is below 6.

MET: This rite is used to discourage passers-by from
entering the bawn of a caern. Once each week, the ritemaster
and five assistants perform the rite within the bawn of the
caern. Each participant spends one Gnosis Trait; the rite lasts
fora full week. Add of the permanent Gnosis Traits and Occult
Traits of everyone participating: this is the strength of the ward.
This rite can only be performed in the bawn of a caern.

Anyone entering the bawn of the caern must make a
Static Mental Challenge against the strength of the ward.
This is easiest to enact if a Garou (most likely the Caern
Warder) is standing guard. For this rite, add the strength of
the ward to his Mental Traits for this challenge. Humans
must spend a Willpower Trait before this test or automati-
cally fail; anyone else must spend a Mental Trait or auto-
matically fail. If the approaching character fails, he becomes
lost and wanders to the nearest edge of the bawn. If the
approaching character wins, he has passed the bawn of the
caern and is approaching its spiritual center. The defender
of the caern may want to overbid, if he can.

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 77

a a

mabe \\,

|

Seer er ee ore cere nr i rr een)

Fifth
Lat kegphag

Level 1, Gnosis 5

The Garou with this device owns hundreds of keys attached
to a six-inch steel ring. By activating the fetish, a Garou can
evaluate the complexity of locks on a door, window, or other
barrier directly in front of him. For mechanic-minded players, the
Storyteller can rate this complexity on ascale of 1 to 5. Overcom-
ing the locks then requires a Perception + Repair roll against a
difficulty of (5 + the lock's complexity). Even one success shows
that the Garou has found the right key to jimmy the lock. Unless
the key is used immediately, however, the user's fumbling hand
loses it within a few rounds. This fetish works remarkably like the
Gift: Open Seal, but in the same fashion, it won't protect against
security systems, motion sensors, or electronic alarms on the lock.

MET: The Lost Keyring allows the holder to immediately
determine the difficulty required for penetrating a physical
lock, without actually trying to pick it. The Garou can,
immediately after determining the difficulty, attempt to open
the lock; this requires a Static Mental Challenge against the
lock's difficulty, but the Garou gains two bonus Traits thanks
to the Fetish, Failure means that the Fetish simply doesn'thave
an appropriate key for the lock. Failure of the Fetish does not
prohibit attempts to pick the lock by other means, though.

Soar Mofofov

Level 1, Gnosis 5

The first fetish of thiskind was crafted by Ivan Ivanovich,
an infamous Theurge of the Sept of the People's Will in
Moscow. It is a flask containing a flammable liquid ideal for
thrown projectiles. When activated, it can fill up a small
flask with a clear, odorless fluid. Ivan's Molotoy can fill three
other flasks before it must be "refilled" (see below).

Sticking a cloth in the neck of the bottle prepares it for
battle. When the bottle is thrown (Dexterity + Athletics),
the object it smashes into receives five dice of aggravated
damage. A burst of flame and broken glass then burn and
shred anything within three yards of this target, inflicting
three dice of aggravated damage. Bottles filled with Ivan's
Molotov must be hurled one at a time, however. If two of
these bottles land within five yards of each other, they
detonate with a loud bang, produce a cloud of smoke, and
fizzle out without inflicting any damage at all.

If the flask filled with Ivan's Molotov runs dry, the owner
can meditate over it, usually by contemplating the last riot,
protest or urban upheaval he witnessed. The owner rolls Wits +
Enigmas (difficulty 6) and spends one Gnosis to refill the fetish.

MET: Bottles filled by this Fetish act much like a
mundane Molotov cocktail, targeted with a Physical Athletics
Challenge and inflicting aggravated fire damage to victims.
As noted above, if two or more are thrown at the same target
at the same time, none of them have any effect. Youcan create
up to three Molotovs at once with this Fetish before you must
spend one turn and a Gnosis Trait to refill it.

78
_pnemas

The Whole Cy Bay

Level 1, Gnosis 5

This battered satchel holds a mass of objects up to twice the
actual size of the bag—a perfect fetish for any collection of Junk,
Stuff, and Loot. Furthermore, the bag itself, including all its
contents, count as one item when it is "dedicated" to the Garou.
The Gym Bag appears asa stripe of fur (representing the shoulder
strap) when the Garou changes to Crinos form. It disappears
completely when the character is in Hispo or Lupus form.

There are limits, however, on what objects can stay
inside when the Garou shifts. Because of the Wyld energy
within it, itcannot contain complex examples of the Weaver's
handiwork: namely, guns and other weapons or working
technological items. Gym Bags can't contain other smaller
Gym Bags (sorry!), nor can they be expanded with the Rite of
the Shopping Cart. In other words, if you need to carry a
shotgun ora laptop (urrah! ), youshould dedicate it separately.
Bycontrast, broken or nonfunctional bits of technology (that
is, Junk) can easily be carried. If these conditions are not met,
the bag drops to the ground:and spills its contents when the
Garou shifts out of Homid or Glabro form.

MET: The Whole Gym Bag can contain any two item
cards that don't involve an item with any moving parts. You
should paperclip the cards together to show that they're in
the bag. Whenever you shift forms to a non-humanoid
shape, the bag and its contents shift with you, but count only
as a single dedicated item.

Rovers Whittle

Level 2, Gnosis 5

Humans can't hear this fetish, but Garou can. When
activated witha Gnosis roll and a good solid blow, the
whistle alerts all Garou within a city block, helping them
find the user. (The effects are similar to the Galliard Gift:
Call of the Wyld, but none of that annoying howling is
required.) If the user has'the Kinfolk Background, he can
also summon nearby Kinfolk by blowing the whistle with
Charisma + Leadership (difficulty 5); each success can alert
one of that Garou's Kinfolk if they're in the area.

Keep in mind that this fetish alerts werewolves and
Kinfolk that hear it; it doesn't force them to appear at the
user's beck and call. A Garou does not have to answer this
summons. Bone Gnawers respect this fetish, but werewolves
of other tribes get irritated when a Bone Gnawer tries to
summon them with a glorified "dog whistle."

Alternatively, with a Charisma + Animal Ken roll
(difficulty 6), the fetish alerts all the street dogs in the
neighborhood; actually summoning or manipulating them
requires further Charisma + Animal Ken rolls. A few Mas-
ters of the Rite in urban caerns have quested specifically for
this fetish, so that they can summon septs without alerting
their human neighbors. Such a worthy hero proudly wears
this treasure on a chain around his neck.

MET: When you activate Rover's Whistle, all Garou
and Kinfolk in the area can hear you. For your turn, simply

Bone Gnawers

ee


call out "Garou and Kinfolk, you hear a whistle." Everyone
else should (if they're respecting the rules!) ignore this call.

 iiteh tog Cfove

Level 3, Gnosis 6

One size fits all — this fetish is a worn glove with extra
padding around the thumb. By activating the fetish, the
wearer can determine the best place within a city block for
hitching a ride. The Garou can flag down a passing ride with
a Perception + Streetwise roll (difficulty 8). Whether the ride
is headed in the right direction depends on the number of
successes. One success denotes numerous detours and delays;
the ride doesn't go all the way to the hitchhiker's destination.
Five successes indicate that a friendly driver will go out of his
way to accommodate his passenger. The roll isn't made until
the passenger gets into the vehicle, since a botch indicates a
dangerous encounter. Once in the company of the stranger
driving the car, the hitchhiker is on his own.

MET: After you activate the Hitching Glove, you can
automatically hitchhike and acar will stop to pick you up within
three turns, if you're in a place with regular traffic. (This won't
help in the middle of the desert.) The driver will take you to your
desired destination, but it requires a full conflict/ ten minutes if
it's nearby, and a full scene/ hour if it's across the city. Longer
trips are outside the scope of Mind's Eye Theatre games. There's
no guarantee that the driver is necessarily friendly; you might be
picked up by a criminal or even a Wyrm-tainted creature.

JSittt Ruwto

Level 4, Gnosis 7

Don't touch that dial... unless you're prepared to deal with
the consequences. The spirit radio is a battered little portable
that runs off a dead battery. Recharging it at a caern imbues the
fetish with enough Gnosis for seven uses. Activating the fetish
tunes into the communications of spirits within a city block.
Tuning the dial gives a rapid montage announcing all sorts of
spiritual activity in the neighborhood. Any Fera or Garou
listening can attune to a broadcast (even without the Spirit
Speech Gift) and gather what kinds of spirits are nearby. This
sounds like squealing or static to everyone else listening.

Each attuned listener gets his own image of what the
spirits are like, but identifying them precisely requires a Wits
+ Occult roll (difficulty 7). The user can then tune into any
one spirit within range, hearing a report on what the spirit
senses and encounters for up to one scene. If the user has any
"requests," the spirit radio reduces the difficulty of calling
the spirit (with a Summoning Rite) by 2.

MET: When you activate the Spirit Radio (which you
can do up to seven times before you must charge it atacaern),
you can follow the Spirit Keeper of your game and listen in on
the next request or scene in which the Keeper takes place.

tre CB
Level 5, Gnosis 8

Ripped from the dashboard of an eighteen wheeler, this
citizen band radio has been invested with powerful mojo. It

a

Serra se es amrweseren Fee aN ae

won't pick up transmissions in the physical world, but it can
tune in to any one Garou in the Umbra. Typically, powerful
Theurges in the Deserters camp craft Umbral CBs.

Before the werewolf begins his Umbral quest, he places his
handon the radio's casing. The owner of the fetish can then find
the rightchannel tokeep in touch with the Umbral traveler. No
matter where the traveler ventures in the Penumbra, the owner
of the fetish can hear his voice and broadcast transmissions. If
the traveler crosses into the Near Umbra, another activation
roll at a +1 difficulty is required to maintain contact. If the
Umbral wanderer ventures into the Deep Umbra, an additional
activation roll is required at a +3 difficulty.

Using the Umbral CB requires a few sacred phrases to
converse with the distant Garou. The owner of the fetish
initiates conversation by grabbing the microphone and for-
mally hailing his erstwhile companion beyond the velvet
shadow of the Gauntlet. ("Breaker, breaker, Piss-in-the-Wind,
come back?") A brief exchange of cosmological lore establishes
where the traveler is in the spirit realm. ("That's a big 10-4.
What's your 10-20, over?") Separated by the cruel division of
flesh and spirit, the Garou then take turns speaking, poetically
acknowledging the distance between them by ending each
exchange with sacred phrases (namely, the words "come back"
and "over"). Either Garou may sever this mystic link with the
proper incantation. ("10-4, over and out.")

MET: When you use an Umbral CB to keep in touch
with another Garou, your efforts are restricted to tuning the
device and listening carefully — you can't be doing other
things simultaneously. This allows you to accompany some-
one else in the Umbra, although you aren't actually there;
indicate that you're out-of-play by whatever sign your group
uses for this. You simply have the opportunity to follow and
eavesdrop on everything the Umbral individual does. This
only works with a willing partner.

Works and Flor

Merits and Flaws (introduced in the Werewolf Players
Guide) are optional — in fact, some Storytellers opt to not
use them at all. Others are very selective, carefully consid-
ering which advantages and disadvantages they'll allow in
their chronicles. You are under no obligation to consider all
of these Merits and Flaws for your own game. Some break (or
at least bend) the basic rules of the game, limit the type of
story you can tell with your troupe, or give characters an
edge they wouldn't normally have. By calling upon the
Golden Rule of Storytelling, Storytellers should alter, amend
or excise them to fit their chronicles.

JSteygypng (2 potot Mert)

By hard work and diligence, you've gotten yourself off the
streets. You can raise just enough money for legitimate home,
regular (but cheap) food, and even a few basic amenities.
However, all of your resources are tied up in maintaining this
home, and you have to struggle to keep it. Asa Bone Gnawer,
you can't have points in the Resources Background. Thus,
mustering more than a few dollars of disposable income is

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 79

cmmme

|

ee ee eee SS

a OA"

difficult for you — it seems like you're always paying off debts
and bills. You do, however, have a way to score some extra
cash once ina while. Struggling may be tough, but it'sa damn
sight better than living on the streets.

Downtime iscritical toa Struggling character. Even though
he's part of the chronicle, your character can't spend every day
wandering around looking for adventure. Drawing a paycheck
requires at least twenty to thirty hours of part-time work a week;
presumably this happens in the time between game sessions.
Since this Merit limits the sort of tale your Storyteller can tell,
itobviously requires her approval. Your character will, however,
have a home, an address, and a phone number.

At the start of each chapter of the chronicle, the
Storyteller rolls your character's Wits; every two successes
bestows the equivalent of one dot of Resources for the rest
of the chapter. (If you've got Wits 4 or 5, youcan reroll 10's.)
The words "job security" mean nothing to you, however. On
abotched roll, you lose everything and have to start over (as
described below). You can also temporarily lose this Merit if
you leave town, or can no longer work to keep up your home.

Whether through a botched roll ornegligence, youcan fall
through the cracks again at any moment. Your landlord is ready
to evict you in a heartbeat, and your bills are almost always
overdue. Setting yourself up as "struggling" again requires at
least a month of downtime and a number of experience points
equal to the cost of this Merit. The Struggling Merit is fairly
common among followers of the Rat Fink camp, who often hold
down jobs to hide their methods of gathering information, but
as you can see, they have trouble holding onto them for long.

MET: With this Merit, you have a virtual level of Re-
sources. While youdon'tactually have the Background, youcan
make use of itas if you hada single level. Each time you flex your
Resources, though, you must make a Simple Challenge (win or
tie). If you lose, then you lose the Merit until you spend a full
period between games doing nothing but working to re-establish
your Merit — no downtime actions, no Influence uses, noth-
ing. This Merit reduces your ability to do other things: Instead
of being limited to the sum of your Attribute Traits for your
maximum level of manageable Influences, lower your limit by
three. Furthermore, you can only take two actions between
games, regardless of what those actions are.
bane (2,potut Ntarip)

Your distant Garou ancestors weren't Bone Gnawers.
Somewhere along the way, one of your ancestors shamed
himself in some way. As a result, his descendants were so
infamous or reviled that only the Bone Gnawer tribe would
take them in. His reputation precedes you, as well.

The good news is that you can still draw upon the
strength of a few of your more esteemed ancestors. Treat this
like one dot in the Ancestors Background. None of these
ancestors were Bone Gnawers (of course) and none of them
were more recent than at least three centuries ago. This is
the closest a Bone Gnawer can ever get to the Ancestors
Background (without using the optional Bootstrapping Rule
mentioned earlier, of course).

8

—

The bad news is that elders may learn of or even recognize
your shameful lineage. Here's the catch: Each time you meet
an elder for the first time, the Storyteller may roll your
permanent Glory against a difficulty of (your Rank +5). If the
rollscores even one success, your family's dark past is revealed.
In addition to any story complications, you then gain an
additional +2 difficulty on all Social-based dice pools with all
elders in that sept. (If you're using the optional Tribal Disad-
vantage, this disadvantage stacks with that +1 difficulty.)

This game mechanic doesn't preclude some rival (or an
inquisitive Shadow Lord) from finding this dark secret on
his own as part of a story in your game. In fact, a chronicle
can involve an entire subplot with a Bone Gnawer who tries
to gain a deeper understanding of his ancestry while hiding
it from his sept's elders. The ancestor may do more than
simply bestow an occasional benefit to a dice pool — he may
also grant forbidden lore or a temptation that may affect the
Bone Gnawer's destiny forever.

MET: You have a virtual level of the Ancestors Back-
ground, and can invoke it just like that Background. Unfor-
tunately, your infamous pedigree can get you into trouble.
You effectively have the Negative Social Trait: Shamed,
only when dealing with Garou. Any elder Garou who uses
the Politics Ability to try to "sniff out" your place in Garou
society will immediately realize your shameful lineage and
Negative Trait if he wins in a Social Challenge against you.

Retkin Earbibas (3 potot Muri)

You poor bastard. Ratkin like you. For some reason, an
entire pack of them has taken a personal interest in you. On
a good day, they'll swarm into your life and solve one of your
pesky little problems — sometimes by twisting it around
into a completely different problem. On a really good day,
they'll decide that one of your enemies is their enemy, too,
making the poor fool's life a living hell (that is, worse than
yours). And then there are the bad days, the ones where they
show up unexpectedly asking for a place tocrash, eat all your
food, borrow some of your stuff, orgenerally raise hell where
you live. You've learned to be really tolerant of them,
because if you're not, they'll make your life a living hell; too.

No more than one Garou in a pack can take this Merit.
Ratkin have a chance of manifesting at a random time once
every four sessions of game play. The Storyteller decides the
precise moment the player mustroll a dieon this nifty little table:

1: Bad day. Ratkin make your life difficult.

2-5: Sad day. No Ratkin. Go outside and leave apresent
for the local rats.

6-8: Good day. Ratkin perform a minor favor.

9: Really good day. Ratkin allies save your ass.

10: One Ratkin joins the rat pack, one leaves. The new
Ratkin leaves you a gift as an introduction. He thinks it's
neat, even if you don't.

The results affect the story as defined in the first
paragraph of this Merit. The Ratkin pack has a number of
wererats equal to the size of the character's pack minus one.

Bone Gnawers

a


|

Note that Ratkin are not inclined to appear to Garou other
than Bone Gnawers; if you're part of a multitribal pack, your
packmates may never learn the nature of your hidden
"benefactors." As an optional rule, if Ratkin show up as part
of the chronicle, the player who's chosen this Merit plays his
Garou character, but every other player in the troupe can
temporarily play a character in the rat pack.

MET: You have a pack of Ratkin that find you "interest-
ing." This doesn't mean that you can just call them up to deal
with problems, though; they have their own lives and show up
on their own time. Typically, about once every three or four
game sessions, the Storyteller will make a Simple Test with you.
If you lose, the Ratkin show up and make things difficult by
lounging around, scaring off guests and drinking all of your beer;
you cannot take any between-game actions after that session.
If you tie, the Ratkin wind up helping you out with some task
that month; during between-game actions of that session, you
countas if you have an extra level of Influence in one area, even
an area where you normally don't have Influence. If you win, the
Ratkin really pull out the stops to help you out with something,
and you not only gain the bonus level of Influence, but also can
pick one of your downtime actions to benefit from a free retest,
ifany tests are involved —or the Storyteller might even declare
thatit works out by fiat. Youalso tend tocollect trinkets and odd
junk (and Junk) every few months; the Storyteller might
include a random, generally worthless, item card with your
character record at random events. Don't throw it away,
though, or you risk insulting the Ratkin.

Avettola (4 potot Flaw)

You've lost all sense of taste or smell. Maybe it's because
you've been surrounded by the stink of the city for so long,
or it may simply be a genetic defect. Some Bone Gnawer
metis are born with this affliction; this Flaw is always in
addition to the more crippling and obvious metis deformity
chosen during character creation.

Regardless of the cause of this Flaw, you automatically
fail any roll involving these two senses, including Primal-
Urge rolls for tracking or hunting. In Lupus form, it's even
more crippling, since smell is a wolf's most acute sense; this
Flaw cancels out the —2 difficulty to Perception rolls a Garou
gets in that form. There's a slight benefit, however: At the
Storyteller's discretion, you may be immune to Gifts and
supernatural abilities that rely on odors or stink, such as the
Gift: Odor of the Skunk. Bone Gnawer Cooking also tastes
just fine to you, even if the texture is occasionally repulsive.

MET: You have no sense of taste or smell. You can't
track by scent, you do not gain Heightened Senses in your
non-homid forms and you aren't affected by any powers that
work solely on scent.

Last Vombd (2 potot Flan)

You can't remember anything since your First Change.
At times, you can't remember back much farther thana year
or two. Your first transformation was so intense, so vivid,
that it completely ripped away all memory of your former

——————

rs RAAT PEN SERN Nan me

life. You no doubt wandered the streets for months before
the Bone Gnawer tribe found you and taught you who you
really were — no other tribe would take you in. After all,
most Garou don't share the tolerance Bone Gnawers and
Children of Gaia have for the mentally ill.

This Flaw is only available to Homid Garou. Living on the
streets has thoroughly distanced you from the human world.
You lived like an animal, and so you have lost much of your
understanding for how humans live. As part of this, you have
the same restrictions on Abilities as a lupus. You have fallen
between the cracks of society, and so begin play without
identification, a human name, or any ties to human society.
(You can't take this Flaw if you also have the Flaw: Struggling.)

MET: Although Homid, you start with the same re-
strictions on Ability Traits as a Lupus.

tobta (2 potot Pian)

Many Bone Gnawers take to wandering the streets
because they're broke, homeless, or even mentally ill. The
transition from human being to supernatural creature isn't
always an easy one, and some Garou face extreme circum-
stances along the way. The trauma of the First Change can
scar a soul for life, leading to unreasonable and irrational
fears of perfectly ordinary people, places and things.

A character with the Phobia Flaw has a strong aversion
toa type of encounter or confrontation that's likely to occur
inastory. When presented with this stimulus (crowds, birds,
rats, enclosed places, heights), the character must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 9); one success overrides the
phobia. If the character scores no successes, he'll spend the
rest of the scene trying to avoid or flee the situation,
confrontation, or revelation. On a botch, the character is
paralyzed by fear for at least one round. Spending a Will-
power point can override this reaction for at least one round,
no doubt long enough for the rest of the pack to come to the
fearful victim's aid.

As you'd expect, the Storyteller has the right to disal-
low any phobia that's too trivial or too esoteric to ever show
up ina story. In fact, the Storyteller should feel free to work
the phobia into sessions once in a while to justify it. If the
Flaw doesn't inconvenience or challenge the character, the
Storyteller can veto it immediately and choose another
Flaw for the character.

MET: When you're forced into a corner against a
specific trigger item, creature or condition, you freak out.
You simply can't deal with the subject of your fear. Make a
Simple Test (win only). If you lose, you flee in mindless
terror as best you can (take all of your actions to do so) and
you cannot take action against the subject of your fear —
you're too afraid to even risk lashing out at it. You can spend
a Willpower Trait to overcome this terror for a single turn.

adkal: Blood (5 potnt Liaw)

You're cursed. In fact, you make the average Bone Gnawer
look lucky. Once per session, something you attempt will go
horribly, horribly wrong. Itmay be somethingas minorasspilling

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 81

emiesiainn

|

ite

a drink or as major as swinging at a foe in combat and hitting your
best friend. The Storyteller sets an object in front of you (as the
player) to represent your curse. The moment your Jackal's Blood
kicks in, he removes it and alters the story so that the action you
just attempt doesn't just fail, but fails dramatically. Rules-minded
troupes can interpret this as an automatic botch on any one dice
roll. Drama hounds will prefer sudden story complications or a
dramatic reversal of the hero's biggest success that evening.

MET: Carry with you a card to indicate your Jackal' s Curse
and make Storytellers aware of it whenever they wind up oversee-
ing a conflict you're in. The Storyteller can take your Jackal's
Curse card at any time and, in return, cause you to automatically
lose whatever challenge you're currently in. Storytellers, take
note: Some players will try to sleaze out of this by entering
inconsequential challenges or crummy little scuffles early in the
game. Be sure to keep an eye out for the overall course of the game
and look for a time to really put the screws to the player. The
player shouldn't have taken a five-Trait Flaw without knowing in
advance that it's going to be a real problem, after all.

Voters and Attics

As vast and cosmic powers in the world, Totem Incarnae
are not always easily defined. In fact, it is entirely possible that
two Garou may see the same totem differently. One Incarna
may have several different aspects, revealing himself, herself
or itself (or all three) to different individuals in different ways.
Usually the Garou who interpret a major totem differently are
extremists, but in the Final Days of the world, many desperate
Garou have been driven to extremes.

One excellent example is Raven. To Red Talons, he is a
devious and taunting foe in combat, staying just outside the reach
of a wolf's claws while he frustrates and exhausts his opponents.
To Get and Shadow Lords, on the other hand, he is more
avaricious and secretive, preferring trickery and deceit to con-
frontation. All three tribes recognize the same totem, but interact
with different aspects of Raven's personality. Packs that dedicate
themselves to the Raven Incarna may choose either incarnation.

Luna herself has several different aspects, corresponding to
the shifting phases of the moon. During the full moon, some see
heras Diana, glaring with fury as she readies her bow for war. Yet
during the new moon, she is as mysterious and aloof as any
Ragabash, revealing herself in riddles and hidden mysteries.

Aspects of the Tellal Totem

The Rat Totemalso reveals itselfto different shapechangers
in different ways. Most Bone Gnawers see it as it is described in
the Werewolf rulebook, interpreting that aspect as their tribal
totem. During the increasing insanity of the End Times, however,
two extreme camps of Garou have begun arguing over Rat's true
nature. Those who study the ways of war, including Ahroun and
the Swarm camp, speak with reverence of the Rat God, exhorting
his glorious plans to lead them in battle. Those who favor peace
know of Mother Rat, an Incarna esteemed for her compassion to

herchildren, generosity to the tribe, and fierce protection of those
who care for Bone Gnawer cubs. All three are different aspects of

|


the Rat Totem, leading:to a schism within the tribe. At the
Storyteller's discretion, Bone Gnawer extremists who follow a
non-traditional aspect of Rat may be required to uphold some of
the following duties as an addition to their totem's Ban.

The Rat God Aspect: Away from the dictates of sept
elders, followers of the Rat God revel in violence as they carry
out the Rat God's wishes. They may be asked to lead a strike
against a building oreven a personas part of their service to the
totem. This is a spiritual connection to the Incarna; no
supernatural ability can fool one of Rat's children into per-
forming false missions for her totem (even with aMage's Mind
Sphere or the vampiric Discipline: Dominate). Elders may be
horrified to learn that many disparate followers may contrib-
ute to one of the Incarna's cryptic schemes, possibly aided by
another of the Incarna's devoted followers, the Ratkin.

The Mother Rat Aspect: In Bone Gnawer stomping
grounds devoted to Mother Rat, her children care for those in
need. Strangers are offered hospitality, the homeless are shel-
tered and fed, and the weakest among the tribe are protected.
As part of this, she is especially fond of children, the metis who
care for them, and Garou mothers. She speaks of her own
imperatives, gently whispering in soft chitters of places packs
must go and people they must aid.

All Aspects: In any incarnation, the Rat Totem can speak
to its followers through any rat. For this reason, Bone Gnawers
often treat rodents with reverence, knowing that any one can
suddenly become a tiny avatar of their principal Incarna. This has
served to intensify the tribe's enmity with the Silent Striders and
followers of Owl, many of whom worship their totem by sacrific-
ing these same potential messengers, or at least leaving them
helpless before their predators. While Bone Gnawers who follow
other totems have no aversion to working with Silent Striders,
those who follow the Rat Totem (as it is listed in the rulebook)
are sometimes issued commands to sabotage or cripple people and
places important to Owl. Failure to answer these commands may
result in a loss of temporary Honor. As the Final Days advance,
these commands grow more elaborate... and more pressing.

Ifacharacter upholds her duty to the Rat Totem by obeying
these additional Bans and dictates, Storytellers should make sure
these restrictions occasionally has a corresponding Boon. Just as
many different followers of Rat contribute bits and pieces of the
totem's master plans, unexpected initiates of the totem may
suddenly appear to provide the pack with information, assis-
tance, or even opportunities to quest on the totem's behalf.
Anywhere rats are present, one of the totem's tiny avatars may
whisper advice. As the Apocalypse advances, Rat has not only
intensified its war against the Wyrm, but also its struggles against
rival totems. As a force of chaos and madness in the world, it
passes on these blessings to its followers and children.

Tofors of Rappedt
Awertean Drea

Background Cost: 3

The American Dream isn't dead — it's just been lost.
Followers of this totem quest to find it, sometimes by reliving
quintessentially American experiences. Fora while, only Garou

ee eee

See saeco rs ea aeresenren EY EEE mee

f
y,
Di
hat
*
"oy


2 ens ra mare EA TER UNL arsenate wreta nome

born in the 50's and 60's could dedicate themselves to the
Dream, but thanks to an epic quest by a few Bone Gnawer
heroes, a new generation has discovered it again.

For the vast majority of the denizens of the World of
Darkness, the American Dream is just that — a dream. The
future is bleak, the world holds little hope, and suffering is
commonplace. Especially in the slums, backwaters, and inner
city hellholes that many Bone Gnawers frequent, America is
a dying nation that's neglected its own citizens. As amazing as
it may seem, followers of the American Dream are still
optimistic about the world around them. With the help of
their totem spirit, they seek out the few basically good folk left
in the world and fight to help and protect them.

After a pack dedicates itself to the American Dream,
they rarely see their totem spirit — until it's needed, that is.
Incarnations of the Dream wait until it the best possible
moment to show up with a bit of advice, a handout, or a
helping hand. However, the Dream always appears in dis-
guise, usually as an American citizen. Garou without much
Gnosis have trouble recognizing a manifestation of this spirit
when it's nearby. Accordingly, they initially treat every
human stranger they meet with respect, since any one of them
may be an avatar of their Incarna. Most of the time, the world
around them is a bleak and dismal place, but there's always a
chance that help will show up when least expected.

Garou known for their sagacious wisdom and consider-
able Gnosis report seeing a wide array of personas for their
totem spirit. These appearances always correspond to people
who represent the American Dream or America at its finest
(at least, from the Storyteller's point of view). For instance,
it might appear as an All-American athlete, a young child
eager for her first day of school, an elderly black man who
can remember every detail of the civil rights movement, or
just an average Joe on a coffee break at a construction site.

For Garou who rely on Gnosis too much — typically by
spending too much time in the Umbra or away from the
company of other Garou — these visions begin to appear
surreal. Some of the most disturbing visions involve the Dream
as it appeared in the 1950's, whether that's a fresh-faced young
housewife, a gee-whiz teenager, or a suburban Dad in his
smoking jacket witha pipe full of tobacco. (Gosh!) Fortunately,
only followers of the American Dream can see its more surreal
manifestations, and even then, only when they have been
overpowered by the maddening influence of the Wyld.

As a controversial totem, the American Dream has
staunch allies and dedicated enemies. American Silver Fangs,
Glass Walkers, and Bone Gnawers gain 5 Honor when they
ally with this totem. Other non-American Garou, especially
European Silver Fangs and Shadow Lords, lose 5 Honor
instead and are immediately marked as troublemakers.

Traits: As long as a follower of the Dream is in the U.S.
of A, he will never get lost. (This cancels out any Gift, rite, or
supernatural ability that causes the Garou to "get lost," as
defined by the Storyteller.) Even when the Garou is traveling
abroad, certain other Americans will make an extra effort to

rn

help him. Sometimes these are merely manifestations or
incarnations of the American Dream; sometimes they're
actually humans with a great deal of sympathy for its ideals.
Every session, the Storyteller should hide one character in the
story that is actually a manifestation of the pack's totem spirit.
That one person may offer help at a critical time, but only if
he isasked, recognized, or treated with respect. The game stats
for this manifestation are the stats for the pack's totem spirit.

The pack can actively look for the totem spirit, but this
requires its members to meditate for a few rounds before
rolling their temporary Gnosis. Homids need three suc-
cesses on a Gnosis roll (difficulty 6) to recognize an incarna-
tion of the Dream. As outsiders to human culture, metis and
lupus Garou have a tougher time recognizing it (rolling
Gnosis against difficulty 8). A character cannot try more
than one "recognition" roll per scene to identify his totem
spirit. This benefit is purely at the Storyteller's discretion; it
should save the pack from difficulties or inconvenience no
more than once per game session. Dreamer packs tend to
treat all humans they meet with respect, just be sure.

As a major benefit, Dreamer packs get Athletics 2 and
Empathy 2. (AttheStoryteller's discretion, the Athletics bonus
may notapply tosportslike hockey and soccer, and the Empathy
bonus may not apply to anyone who isn't an American.) As a
minor benefit, for any Social-based dice pool for interaction
with American "officials," reduce the difficulty by 3. This
includes confrontations with police, public servants, bureau-
crats, public officials, or government figures. Anyone who has
sworn an oath to uphold the U.S. Constitution also qualifies.

Ban: Followers of the Dream must accept the fact that
their totem spirit cannot always be with them. The chance of
it manifesting depends on how fervently the pack upholds the
nation's dreams and ideals, no matter how they may interpret
them. As a result, most American Dreamers are patriots,
crusaders, and idealists. Even in their native land, many find
these traits annoying at best, and foolish at their worst. If the
pack does not display them, the totem spirit will not manifest.

In addition, when traveling abroad, followers of the
Dream can't help but openly exhibit the worst tendencies of
Americans. They speak loudly and coarsely, insist that
everything back home is better than what they can find
while traveling, and have a tendency to debate the merits of
Americanculture, foreign policy, and military action. When
a follower of the Dream deals with people from other
countries, increase the difficulty for all of the "ugly
American's" Social-based dice pools by 1.

Topert of War
Tattnantan Delf

Background Cost: 7

Despite their affection for American pop culture, Bone
Gnawers don't venerate a cartoon character, but the actual
scavenger. Tasmanian Devil lends the Gnawers the wisdom
and strength he once lent to his Bunyip children, giving
them the resolve to fight on in the name of the fallen tribe.

Bone Gnawers

ae

|


The Bunyip's fate gives Tasmanian Devil's packs all the
more reason to survive.

Traits: All Garou in the pack gain the Gift: Hare's Leap
(once known to the Bunyip as Leap of the Kangaroo),
Enigmas 2, and an increased affinity for the Dreamtime,
which lowers the difficulty of all Gnosis rolls to cross the
Gauntlet by 2. A pack dedicated to Tasmanian Devil also
gains an additional five Willpower points per story.

Ban: Tasmanian Devil hates the Black Spiral Dancers
for tricking the other Garou into wiping out the Bunyip, and
demands that his children pass up no opportunity to slay a
Dancer unless the circumstances would make such an effort
nigh suicidal. In addition, the pack must strive to make sure
the Bunyip's legacy isn't forgotten; this may entail anything
from telling the tale of the Bunyip's fall to as many listeners
as possible to undertaking Umbral quests to reclaim some of
the Bunyip's forgotten Gifts and rites.

Tope of Widow
Generel Lee

Background Cost: 5

While Civil War heroes are certainly very interesting,
this great spirit has nothing to do with the War between the
States. The General Lee is actually an automotive totem,
deriving its name from one of the most famous white trash
vehicles ever: the orange muscle car featured on the Dukes
of Hazzard. Followers of this totem quest for the car of their

EE ee

dreams, one that they can worship far more than any animal
spirit or urban Incarna.

After dedicating themselves to "the General," the pack
hunts tofindaneglected, rusting hulk ofacar. Typically, a Bone
Gnawer in the pack begins slaving over this monumental gift
to at least get the deathtrap running. Some Bone Gnawers
transform these cars into shrines to the totem, often by prop-
ping them up on cement blocks in their front yards. With the
help of their pack totem, it's gradually transformed into a
paragon of automotive excellence. There'sa reason for this: the
car serves as a temperamental totem-spirit, one that can't enter
the spirit world, but can still serve as reliable transportation.

As the pack's Theurge advances in rank, the lemon is
gradually transformed. A fostern can actually drive his
"totem car" around, although it's still a sputtering heap held
together by spit and bailing wire. Adren drive masterworks
of automotive engineering with whisper quiet engines;
reduce all Driving rolls for the car by 1. An athro's car never
runs out of gasoline, while an elder can actually drive her car
into the Umbra. If the car is actually destroyed, its spirit
"slumbers in the Umbra" for a full cycle of the moon, then
returns to a new set of wheels (and the rusting chassis
attached to them) chosen by the pack.

Most worshippers of the General can be identified by
the wrenches in their back pockets, oil stains on their
clothing, or the thunderous sound of their stock cars tearing
through the streets. Yee-haw!


Sener erereni horioine canon Ui ort rR saron msause rename

Traits: Once accepted by the General, everyone in the
pack gets two dots of Drive and two dots of Crafts (if this would
grant them a specialty, they automatically get the specialty:
Repair). All pack members have the difficulty of any Drive
rolls related to tricky or dangerous maneuvers reduced by 2.
The packalpha gainsan intuitive knowledge ofall of America's
highways, along with many back roads in the Deep South.

Ban: Worshippers of the General endlessly tinker with
their cars. As part of this, at least one member of the pack
must have mechanic's tools ready at all times. There's a good
reason for this: the pack's totem spirit lives in the car they
care for. Tinkering with the pack's chosen car gives spiritual
strength to the totem spirit. For all practical intents and
purposes, the totem spirit is bound to the car, and it can only
go where the car goes.

Each day, a member of the pack must spend at least an
hour making repairs, improvements, and modifications to
this shrine. If the pack skips a day, the car begins to degrade,
gaining one temporary fault. Each day, someone in the pack
can attempt a Wits + Repair roll (difficulty 6) to fix this.

This is a sizeable ban, but it has its benefits as well. After
years of reverent worship, these vehicles can reach a peak
performance of mythical proportions. With a capable driver
behind the wheel, some are capable of performing stunts
rarely seen outside of 70's car chases. As part of this, when
the driver is Rank Three or higher, any time he fails a driving
check, the totem spirit can then attempt a second roll using
its Willpower as a Dex + Driving dice pool.

Take!

Background Cost: 5

A rare breed of Bone Gnawers fervently believes that
the tribe can be traced back to a network of "scavenger
caerns" in Northern Africa. Some of these tales are grossly
exaggerated, and most evidence of their existence is gone,
but there was a time when many Garou in that part of the
world followed a common totem. Bone Gnawers knew him
as Jackal. Silent Striders allegedly communed with another
aspect of the Incarna, one they knew as Anubis. When
Jackal packs first found out about the Striders' war against
Set and Apophis in the Kingdom of Khem, they leapt into
the fray. When Khem fell, Jackal's followers suffered almost
as much as the Striders did.

Traits: Garou who follow Jackal gain Survival 2, Lead-
ership 1, and the Gift: Blur of the Milky Eye. Each Garou in
the pack also gets one dot in the Ancestors Background.
Even Bone Gnawers and Silent Striders get this benefit, but
this requires them to travel on an Umbral quest once each
year (with or without their pack) to relieve a major experi-
ence of this ancestor. Over the course of the chronicle, the
Storyteller must create a background and backstory for this
bygone Jackal pack from the days of Ancient Khem or the
nights of Northern Africa before the Concord.

Ban: Jackal rarely strikes the first blow in any fight; he
waits for others to kill. If attacked, he will defend himself, but

followers of this totem prefer to wait and feast off the victims
that remain. That doesn't prevent them from taunting a foe
into attacking them or commanding others to attack, but as
"true scavengers," they prefer to exploit the martial talents of
stronger Garou. After the fall of Khem, followers of Jackal
have also been known for their bad luck. Some believe this
"losing streak" began when Jackal packs failed to recapture
the Kingdom of Khem from the Wyrm's minions.

Inapack of Jackals, ifa pack member strikes the first blow
ina fight, the Storytellercan place some form of idol or marker
in front of the player representing him. While that player has
the idol, he is immune to the Ban: he can continue to strike
first in combat. However, the player's character is destined to
have a streak of bad luck. Within three game sessions, the
Storyteller can take the idol back to turn one successful die
roll into a botch. After three game sessions, if the player still
has the idol, the Storyteller takes it back without invoking
this portion of the ban. Regardless of this curse, Jackal packs
usually choose one warrior in their pack to strike the first blow
— and suffer the consequences — for the good of the pack.
Garou in a Jackal pack cannot take the Flaw: Jackal's Blood.

Noose

Background Cost: 1

Mouse is humble, for she is one of the lowliest of all
totems. She is a common totem among the rabble, for she is
the only one willing to look aftera lone Garou. While she may
help an outsider find a temporary pack, she does not expect
her ward to remain in it for long. Mouse's survival depends on
hiding completely from her predators. She is quiet enough to
live in the midst of mankind without attracting attention to
herself. Her children are also perfectly willing to travel with
others who are stronger and more capable than they are. This
totem was once knownas the Great White Mouse, but she has
become so weak that her status has diminished.

Traits: Mouse bestows Stealth 1 and the Gift: Tag-
along. A Garou does not have to belong to a pack to follow
this totem. The loner's totem-spirit is, of course, a Gaffling
that appears as a tiny mouse.

Ban: If a follower of Mouse has not temporarily joined a
pack with Tagalong, he must uphold the High Ban and stay in
Homid form until he does. If he does not uphold this ban, he
loses his totem spirit until the next full moon; he also loses a
point of temporary Honor or Wisdom (Storyteller's choice). If
a homid Garou following Mouse is wounded, he may step
sideways, shift out of breed form, and heal before returning to the
physical world. Regardless of breed, her followers uphold this
stricture until they can find other packs that will accept them.

The Creat Trath Pheap

Background Cost: 4

The Trash heap is an Incarna of garbage. Its conscious-
ness has spread across junkyards and landfills throughout
the world. These individual Heaps contain a personality
based on psychic impressions of all the people, places, and
things that interacted with its garbage. Garou packs dedi-

86 Bone Gnawers

lh ————

cals


EB

cate themselves to individual Heaps, which are representa-
tives of the One True Heap. Some believe the Incarna's
consciousness exists in an obscure Umbral Near Realm, one
that allows Garou to sort through the "psychic dumping
ground" of every piece of trash of the world. Other tales
relate that this nexus allows werewolves to "dumpster dive"
between the world's most powerful Heaps.

Traits: Once each cycle of the moon, the all-seeing,
all-knowing Trash Heap will answer one question posed by
the pack. The rest of the month, if each pack member carries
a chunk of garbage offered by the Heap, they can always
communicate with each other. (Tin cans are an obvious
choice for this boon.) As an added bonus, the pack receives
Enigmas 2 and Investigation 2; the Trash Heap's followers
are good at finding information if they dig deep enough.

Ban: At each full moon, the pack must declare one
great trash heap as their home. They must then protect it
and carry out the requests of the Totem-spirit within it.

Tope of Ciovtng
ow

Background Cost: 2

Like most scavengers, Crow trusts the strong to do his
killing for him. Survival depends on finding the right oppor-
tunity and making the most of it. Once Crow has found a
powerful ally, it patiently, loyally and humbly supports him.
This does not mean, however, that a Crow pack will tolerate
exploitation or betrayal. If betrayed, the pack seeks out an
even better opportunity —a new, more powerful ally who can
carry out retribution. Failing that, crow-spirits patiently carry
out revenge with remarkable subtlety.

Benefit: Crow teaches his children Alertness 2, Subter-
fuge 2, and Etiquette 1. The totem spirit usually circles around
or lands on the shoulder of the Garou he's currently helping.

Ban: Crow's followers accept their station in the hierar-
chy of Garou, remaining loyal to those they serve. Some
extend this to extreme tribal loyalty, while others interpret
this as fanatic support of an individual. Either way, if the pack
isn'tzealous enough in supporting a more powerful Garou, the
totem spirit will disappear for a while. If the pack doesn't
notice or care, the totem-spirit may orchestrate its own
schemes to ensure that Crow's children return to the fold.

Crow asks his children consider an additional Ban: forsak-
ing all wealth and trusting for Gaia to provide. If they accept
this challenge, the pack members cannot keep anything of

ee

value other than their fetishes and dedicated items; instead,
they need to "recycle" trash for what they need. If the pack
formally declares they are upholding this additional Ban at a
monthly moot, they gain one point of temporary Honor right
away; they also receive one temporary Honor each time they
renew this pledge. In addition, the pack's totem spirit becomes
more powerful, gaining the equivalent of another five tempo-
rary points in the Totem Background; this lasts until the next
monthly moot. Instead of a lone crow-spirit, the totem spirit
then manifests as a murder of crows eager to help the pack
scavenge for whatever they need. Packs brave enough to make
this pledge learn how well Gaia provides for them.
Plyena

Background Cost: 4

Hyena mocks anyone with power, heedless of the possi-
bility of revenge. She finds fault with everything she sees, and
often uses these misperceptions as excuses to victimize the
weak as potential prey. When dealing with elders, Hyena
packs criticize, mock, and laugh at the mistakes of higher
ranking Garou; thus, some insist on having their Ragabash
serve as the pack alpha during sept moots. Rabble disgusted
with their elders may turn to Hyena for help, for few of them
ever expect to gain enough Honor to advance in rank.
Instead, they tend to shy away from septs, even though
isolation from Garou society can slowly drive them mad.

Traits: All of Hyena's companions — no one can truly
"follow" Hyena — gain Primal-Urge 2 and Subterfuge 2.
After becoming fostern (rank two Garou), each member of a
hyena pack gains the Bone Gnawer Gift: Laugh of the Hyena.
They may draw on four extra Willpower points per story.

Ban: Though Hyena is wise and clever, her ways are not
the Garou's, and it's dangerous for werewolves to attach
themselves too closely to her. Werewolf packs dedicated to
Hyena are plagued by a creeping madness, one that intensi-
fies when they drift from the company of other Garou. Each
morning, each Garou in a Hyena pack must roll Willpower
against a difficulty of 8. If the Garou has spent at least a day
within the bawn of a caern during the last month, the
difficulty for this roll is reduced to 6. Ona failed roll (that is,
lacking even one success), the character becomes subject to
adelusion or dementia devised by the Storyteller for the rest
of the day. These delusions often apply to potential victims
or potential oppressors (such as elders) and should include
some clever variety of poetic justice.

Chapter Three: Hidden Strengths 87

Ee

mene.

5 pi aia a nt ar ativan iveanlimntaarasyy,


Give me your tired, your poor,

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore,
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tost to me:
I lift my lamp beside the golden door.

— Emma Lazarus, "The New Colossus"

Each Bone Gnawer has his own tale of suffering
and misery, but if you spend enough time with the
tribe, you'll hear some of the same stories over and
over. Certain figures from the past, and even from
modern times, exemplify the "boy/girl makes good
against all odds" story that defines the Bone Gnawer
struggle. Some of them have yet to face their darkest
hour; others have the scars from a lifetime of hard luck
and are still able to grin Death in the face.

The templates immediately following are arche-
types you can use and reuse when you need Bone
Gnawer characters right away, with as much tinkering
as necessary to make the character fit a player or
Storyteller's concept. The same goes for the heroes;
they may be fireside legends, notorious figures from a
character's past, contacts, even models for custom
characters of the Storyteller's devising. Scavenge what
you like and recycle the rest.

Chapter Four: Survivors 89

ESTEE, EELS TL A GLARE

Ruble Router

Quote: The time is almost at hand. Spread the word.

Prelude: Your parents had strong beliefs, and you suffered for
them. Your childhood home was squalid, but your parents honestly
struggled to get by. Unfortunately, Dad spent a lot of time away
from home, running with the same "pack" of friends again and
again. Mom spent a lot of time scrounging for food and supplies
when he didn't come back at night. There was a time when you
were too young to notice. That time is long gone.

When you discovered you were Garou, you realized the real
story behind all this. Your father worked for the Garou Nation, and
he put the welfare of his sept above that of his own family. Yet for
all his hard work, he was still a Bone Gnawer, one of the lowliest
Garou in the caern. By contrast, his closest Garou friends — Bone
Gnawer rabble — treated you like family and helped you. When
you entered the nearest sept, you suffered the same scorn and
abuse your father did. The sept leader was a tyrant who used
his power for his own ends. The elders always put their needs
ahead of yours. Screw them all. You've got dreams about the
way the world should be, and you're ready to act on them.

Concept: You're willing to work as a spy for the rabble,
because a few things have clearly got to change. Look around.
The whole world is changing. The Eye of the Wyrm blazes like
ared star in the Umbral heavens. Two metis have given birth to
a child that may save or doom the world. You've heard about the
victories of the Russian Bone Gnawers. They've got the right idea,
but where you live, it's going to take a lot of subterfuge and subtlety
to gather the rabble behind you. Your totem is calling to you fora

revolution. Once, your tribe swarmed into battle like a force of ®

nature. Now that the End Times are here, it is time for the swarm

to gather once again, answering the Rat God's scream for battle. Mae Foy

Te Boe Graces Or

: Breed: Homid
Player: Auspice: Ragabash
Chronicle: Camp:

Pack Name:
Pack Totem:
Concept: Rabble Rouser

meee IL Aly hi fas mmmnmrnemvelor YP

Phase! Jaeiaf Montel,
Strength, @@000 Charisma. @eee0 = Percepnon___ @eeoo
Dexterity 88000 M n. 00000 = ntelligence. 000
Stamina. @@000 = Appearan 20000 Wis__ 98000"
eevee ALAA iif jp j mean vemmvemiflre (9
Vahewtt Se Am

Aleru 08000 Animal Ken___ 0000 Computer. 00%
Athle 00000. Chahs (00000 Enigmas, ooo
Beaw{__ @@000 = Dnve__ 80000 _ Investigation_ 006%)

00000 — Eriquerre. 00000) Law _ 00004,

00000 Firearms e0000 L 0000.8

00000 Leadership 00000

0000 Melee___ —____o00b

Primal-Urge 00000 Pe #0000
Streetwise ee000 eee
Subterfuge —eee00 Survival a 000¢
re LA fan faget

) Lackgrownds Gift fe

wb [oe
Rites eo ————
Totem eoo0o §=Tagalong ees

00000
OOOO foe
oe —<Z
Romenm «Rage Hentth
Glory

oo000000000 O1VS:9/'8'G:0'0 OO
gaogggguGg0 FeusaGoagda

nal a

J Honor
x #©9990000000 gynnn000000

ago0000990000 aha
Wisdom: 9999009000 _ Incspacitated
@00000000 -Wipener ae Tribal Msaknats tee

Q900000000 pgeeecceecoo  -1dRRCUTYTOSOCAL
—_~+tef——= goanog00000

90 Bone Gnawers

ha ——

J.

Roleplaying Hints: Despite your Ragabash status, you're
uneasy about expressing your beliefs too openly. Septs make you
nervous. Whenever your pack visits one, keep your mouth shut and
your eyes open... and watch what goes down very carefully. Watch
how the elders react when your Galliard speaks. Play along in the
sept, but when you really need something, turn to the rabble.
They'll give your pack help in exchange for your information.
Don't forget to take them up on it! Keep the needs of your pack
above the needs of your sept. Repeat what you see and hear. Tell
them of the sept's weaknesses and the elder's flaws. It's only a
matter of time until Rat's children rise up to retake their rightful
place in the world, and they'll need all the help they can get.

Equipment: Army coat, lead pipe, combat boots, spray paint,
anarchistic literature


a
Bird Lay

Quote: Here, pretty, pretty, pretties! Come and tell me what
you've been up to in this big, dirty city. Yes, come and tell me!

Prelude: Remembering any events past a year or so
ago is difficult. Hazy golden memories of childhood in-
clude playing in sunlit gardens, endlessly laughing, and of
course, listening to the beautiful melodies of birds. Then
somewhere along the way, there wasa terrible transforma-
tion, anger, violence, and a sea of blood. Since then,
you've been lost, wandering the streets, aided by the
kindness of strangers and surrounded by the same won-
drous bird songs.

For over a year, you lived on street corners, hoard-
ing money to buy stale bread and old seed, then selling
it as birdfeed for a quarter a bag. You desperately tried
to keep up appearances. Even now, you envy the inno-

cence of childhood, and you'd like
to be the sort of nice lady
children want to visit.
To further that goal,
you've buried your rage
down deep. When pi-
geons or sparrows land
on you, you know you
can pass yourself
off as one of
the hu-

mans

IL
FOB 1c Grrceas

Breed: Lupus
Auspice: Theurge
Camp:

Name: Pack Name:

Player: Pack Totem:

Chronicle: Concept: Bird Lady 4
~
y

Perception,

Intelligence

90000 Wies

Appearance.

ASN ap merrnmennemelio
She G

90000

Animal Ken___@@@o0
00000

00000
00000 |
00000
_00000

Physleal
Strength__
Dextericy___
Stamina,
Takookt
Alertness. 90000
100000
0000
—_eee00
hy — @@000
‘00000
nti 00000
al-Urge_____ ©8000
St 0000
| me

Badkyrow Cte G
Fetish ____eeooo Heightened Senses _ ai =
Rites eeeoo Spirit Speech aw

0000 = Hungry Hound =
_ 90000 _
00000 - —a
aS fhe oe
Sigal Rage Health
Glory Bruised Q
ooo00000 %899900000 Hor i 8
googoo0u0g9 999909900900 Injured 1 9
Honor celina a Weonied Q
oo000000000 fal 2
Bagagggggg S8SFFF0000O Copied 5 a
Wisdom 9900000000 Incapacitated a
e@ee0000000 Kifover. oa i
Sso00000000 ee e000000 +1 DIFFICULTY TO SOCIAL N
ROLLS WITH C
és Rank Doooudoggg  SWITHOTHER TRIBES x
é AES . ;

But when the crescent moon is in the sky, you think
back to the terrible times of blood and anger.
Concept: At some point, you snapped. If you were

ever human once, you're now something more feral in-
stead. Your dreams and visions of the past are so troubling
that you just can't cope in the ordinary world anymore.
Instead, you pass yourself as a harmless young lady who
likes to feed the birds. Bird-spirits are the most beautiful
creatures in the world to you — you try to remember all
their names and the Gifts they can teach. You feel com-
fortable surrounded by nature, but you don't know why.
Roleplaying Hints: The Garou Nation and human
\ society are equally alien to you. The only gathering where
you really feel at home is an old-fashioned Bone Gnawer
tribal moot. Even in a safely protected stomping ground,
you get nervous when surrounded by a flock of more than
four or five people. Eyeing them all nervously, you clutch
your bag of Stuff to your chest and whisper nonsense to
block out their evil thoughts. Human homes, public buses,

and public toilets all make you paranoid. You prefer

sitting in a public park, squatting on the steps of a big
building, or resting anywhere surrounded by trees. So do
your avian friends. You feel at ease when you're near a flock
of children, birds, or bird spirits.

Equipment: Old lady coat, broken glasses (twenty

years out of fashion), battered Mary-Poppins-style um-
brella, bags of birdseed and breadcrumbs

|

a OA
Metts Medbator Te Box Gunes

Quote: I thank the sept leader-rhya for allowing me this chance to

Name: Breed: Metis Pack Name:
speak. I ask this opportunity not merely for my own sake — but for the sakes Player: Auspice: Philodox Pack Totem: |
of those whose voices ave never heard Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Metis Mediator
a A a, a aoe
Prelude: You were born a monster, and you'll probably die one. "Ay Mapas S
As a metis, you were born in Crinos form; the trauma killed your Strength, 0000 Charisma 0000 Perception 20000
Dexterity, @@000 Manipuletion__@@@@0 _Intelligenc
mother during childbirth. Your father was already ashamed enough to Stamina @@000 Appearance_—@0000  Wia____
have cared for her in secret, but when he had to bury a body as well, his Ei fet memento
Tabet
shame turned to scorn. For a while, he actually looked after you, but Alwcoae ebbe> UitaikiGee" Seeoee! "Bs sme —_
only until he could find the nearest sept who cared for all of the local Athleties____00000 _Crifs 00000 Enigmas 00000
Bewi_______@@@oo — Dnve___ 00000 _ Investigation__@0000
bastard cubs. From that time on, you were trained for war. Dodge. 90000 Exiquerte 20000 Law. 90000
Empathy 00000 Firearms 00000 Linguistics 00000
Growing up, you were taught that they only way to "make up" for Expression, 90000 Leadership. 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation, 20800 tel #0000 ult,
your original sin was to live and die for the defense of the caern. As soon h — ee fae pase
Ss ‘Seealch, 00000 Rituals_
as you were si — to figure out i saat aed seemed, you set - a Sones! sae
or OW! Ol ners tr!
on your own. You didn't want your father's tribe, his reputation, or his "Ada ropeges
Contacts —_ Primal Anger sia cl
you. Not surprisingly, by the time you hit Mantas soneo | "Taithat
5 — puberty, most of them Totem ____eoo0o Resist Toxin
—; —— 00000 = =i

c- hi id to be
° SSS appened to
LFF * SQ Bone

NY
with the same pack of cubs for long, but when you Xe ~

Rs Rage Poth

Gnawers. You never tagged along

twisted Garou values, so you sought out other metis that understood |S Backgrounds Gift

Glory Bruised a
0000000000 Booeaecace Hure a)
did, you listened carefully to what the metis had to say, oaseseesoa waag oF on
Honor lines —ee Wore
as well as what they'd learned. eee0000000 Mauled a
aN DOOoOoo000 8999999000 Crippled 5 a
Life away froma caern was difficult — Wisdein 9000000000 __Incapacitated a
something in you felt a deep need for Y 0000000000 p Tithe Heebner mete
ritual, rites, and a Gooo000000 ypimcuryTosocial
e wi
2 Qe aoagooooOD «MUSwiTHorHeR TEs A
~ pack where N)
you would
belong.

\ Moving from one stomping ground to the next was the best
that you could do. After all, whenever you showed up at a
moot at the local caern, they wanted to put you to work
iN for the elders' latest crusade. When you couldn't take it
anymore, you finally started to answer their demands
( ) with accusations of your own. Behind the appearance of
a monster, you had the mind of a Philodox. With sharp
q wits and a quick tongue, you were better suited to tribal
politics than guard duty. The elders of most tribes
rankled, but the local Bone Gnawers were so impressed
that they accepted you right away... and enlisted you
for a far nobler crusade.
Concept: Too many Garou think of metis as
grunts, and Bone Gnawer metis as expendable. While
i} other Philodox might pan over the concerns of the sept's
Wy) metis for their own political games, you work to represent
them at sept moots and tribal moots. Sure, you've pulled
f enough guard duty in your youth to know how to defend
the local sept, but you'd only prefer doing it if everyone
p. really belonged there, including metis. This heretical atti-
s tude may not make you very popular, but as a Bone Gnawer,
As popularity is not really your greatest concern. Truth is.
Roleplaying Hints: You've learned from living in stomping
grounds that anyone who has an opinion should be able to speak his
mind. If you speak eloquently enough — and stare down anyone that
opposes you by shifting to your massive, hideous Crinos form — you
might be able to start that tradition in the nearest sept as well. Many
metis instinctively accept their role in the hierarchy, but as an
outsider, you've learned to see past that. A few traditional elders will
always reject you, but like many of your tribe's heroes, you're willing
to take on impossible odds. If that doesn't work, then maybe you'll
have to live up to your reputation as the monster you really are.
Equipment: Ill-fitting sweatshirt, worn blue jeans, black
steel-toed Frankenstein boots, steel chain, copy of Plato's Republic

Bone Gnawers

nti /


NN ee

Quote: Oh wise and revered elders, if | might be so bold, I have Name: Breed: Homid Pack Name:
composed a certain ode to the exploits of our most puissant warder, Oa ee Eeenacs a
and would love nothing better than honoring him with my humble a ae

AY verse. <clearing throat> "Behold! The thews of mighty wolf!/ Far _ pebem, (espe —aaeeG) | Keoniien eee
stronger than the forge's steel/..." Se eee Metin neon! Inllewses_—__senea

Prelude: You have suffered for your art. In fact, your art ALA MN ep mrrnner nance!
used to be so bad that it made others suffer as well. From an early Rasen _wease: Annali  55008 Clee conn
age, you've had a love for classic literature, particularly great — pee
epics of chivalry and romance. (Ah! Tennyson! White! Mallory!) Le
Asan ugly, scrawny little kid, you knew you would never become ae ee ee
a King Arthur, Robin Hood, or Beowulf, but you really wanted et poo. eelameno —_—easag
to invent your own fabulous stories of great heroes. You pursued Subverfuge_—____@@000 _ Survival_—___@0000
your classical education the hard way, but with so much time on AA Adappagat ae
your hands, you've always been well read. ae eso00 Pecsuasion—__— : ——

As you grew older, you were in awe of anyone who was Ri eemceaies008 Saaking——_— ——=
stronger or bigger than you, and practically worshipped any- 00000 as —
one who was handsome or athletic. By the time you were a a lime a
maudlin and insecure teenager, you secretly began to write Glory eeewesocea Bebe a
poems about them. Unfortunately, you were so insecure that Geacacuuue Geaagcaean 3 fity i 3
you only did imitations of the Great Poets, humbling yourself Soret etre 90 et Ma 2 a
by extolling their praises as well. (Ah! Byron! Keats! Shelley!) sangsougun aa ae e ciamGs al" B
Then, when you were fourteen, you had a magnificent break- ©000000000 — Tithe! Mnahnatr meee
through: your First Change. For about a week, you actually had akan a ene Rous WITH OTHER TRIES

‘ : - , ——+ Pei ——* goooo000000
enough self-esteem to realize the power you had. Until, that is,

you met other Garou, who _ "Ve a\\

were much smarter, stronger, and more heroic than you. Now,
at least, you have found heroes worthy of great epics.

Concept: You've completely accepted your position in
Garou society, however lowly it may be. With all the simple
eloquence you can muster, you praise those who are higher-
ranking than you, celebrating their accomplishments. This
isn't done out of deceit or guile; you're honestly in awe of
a them, conveying your feelings in the tales you tell. Like all
Galliards, you have an incredible memory for the renown of

all the Garou in the sept, but you're particularly effusive

when it comes to the sept elders. You honestly hope your
septmates live up to the great ideals contained in the
literature you've read. Sometimes, you even surprise your-
self with your own heroic deeds.

Roleplaying Hints: You are utterly and completely
. subservient to anyone who is higher rank than you. You
whine, grovel, and beg for the privilege of serving with
such great heroes. Within your own pack, you support
your alpha as fervently as you possibly can... unless he
goes against a sept elder, in which case, you'll challenge
to become alpha yourself. Obedience is an instinct. You
get what you want by begging from those who can give it to
you, but more importantly, you honestly respect anyone who
has more power than you do.

Equipment: ratty suit (with extra padding on the knees
and elbows), notepad and pens (containing endless poems and
paeans praising the sept elders), coffee mug (for collecting
spare change), collector's sword and dagger (bought at
nifty Renaissance Faire), worn and stained paperbacks
of poetry

93

Fiankweller Bootbekor RR Bone Cun

q wnny fp

|

NVoynftatn Van lee Bone Cun ?=

Quote: Shee-it, sure don't grow them Spirals that big out | Nisei Bread: Lupus Pack Name:
; sc! . -p Lip Player: Auspice: Ahroun Pack Totem:
here, do they? Why don't y'uns sit back a spell; I'll handle this lil Beets Cane Hllfolk Consaper Mooriein Man
fella. a  Aiofhafet enna! >
Prelude: In the big city, folks think you're just some Sigh nn wewes ‘Cie pea Ree Seces
yokel who doesn't understand the modern world. They Se eee en eeene beiere 00000)
think you're strong, dumb, and naive, just because you come ALA MN i ap mrrnmemrmmnmtflor
j ; Talons Nite ,
from the country. Hell, you come from way out in the kia nn semeees: aisle aaa, seep ‘00000
fs Athletics, = C —_9@000 Enigma____
country. You were born a red wolf in the hills of the Brawl eee0o BOO0D  knesigulon——nocto
2 * : Dodge. #8000 —.00000 00000
Appalachians. As soon as you could shift into a burly, red- Expathy (00000 00000
; , : Exprestion__00000 (00000
haired Homid — and find some clothes — you wanted to Intimidation e000 Melee eee00
; @@000 Performance ‘00000 — 00000
explore the city and see what you could see. s (00000 Steal 00000 (00000
Ww k ‘Subterfuge. —00000 Survival, 28000 —00000
me ork was easy to SA Advanpaget
% ; ‘ . fe Ofte
ind, since Sanieone . eet wee ‘ ee: _
was always in need 00000 Falling Touch
00000 Resist Toxin
4 of cheap labor for ‘00000 as
‘ es - "00000
{ heavy lifting orun- (jth
\ skilled eee Rage
Glory a
@eo0000000 SASSO OL0'8) u
Qgoo0gg0gg00g0 9900000000 Q
Honor ——o naly cot 2
e000000000 —— r e
Soog0go0g0 &8eee00000 Cepped 5 a
ladon ao000000000 Incapacitated a
bg0000000 Spon er mnt mane Tre echsnatt ma
DQ0000 peeeeccooc -iDMGUTYTO SOCAL
sap esses cco oo attermiomm as A

construction. You weren't too good at holding on to
the money you made, but you got by. Fora while, you

worked for some men who gave you a lot of money,

mostly for breaking legs and roughing people up.
Those boys weren't right. When other Garou found
you, they found other ways to reward you for your work.
Yeah, they also want to break legs and rough people up, but
you suspect they're doing it for better reasons.

Concept: You like a good tussle, and you're good at
rasslin'. At 6'4" of solid muscle, you have trouble finding
anything that fits you better than a jumbo tee shirt and
denim overalls. After years as a wolf, you don't bother
combing your hair or trimming your beard, and washing is
still something of a novelty for you. But your packmates
respect you because you've got a genuine talent.

Roleplaying Hints: You're dumb as a sack of potatoes,
but at least you're honest. You may not be educated, but you
can sense when someone's not playing right by you. Life is
simple to you, and you can't see why everyone else around
you has to make it so complicated. Speak in simple
sentences, get to the point in any conversation you have,
and howl in glee when you get the chance to fight. You
make it a point to (literally) leap into any brawl ahead
of anyone else.

Equipment: Overalls, rope belt, T-shirt, sack of
potatoes, jug of moonshine (made from said pota-
toes), rock (cleverly hidden in a sack of potatoes),
pro rasslin' magazine


Corazon Extefnder

Born to a Portuguese fisherman in the late 15th
century, Corazon Bitefinder loved the sea since his
birth. Granted, he was somewhat dismayed when his
mother tried to drown him, but his father was even
more surprised when he survived. From that moment
on, he lived a charmed life, despite capsized boats,
rough seas, and even the occasional attack of Wyrm-
spawned sea monsters. With each generation that has
told the tale of Bitefinder, his life story has grown to
epic proportions.

From any early age, Corazon rowed out to sea
with his father to catch fish, immediately displaying
an uncanny knack for finding them. Although un-
schooled in the ways of spirits, he amused his father
with songs that practically called the day's catch into
the boat. His mother, on the other hand, was horri-
fied at such an unnatural talent. Some months, she
would insist that the bought had learned the black
arts of witchcraft. In other months, she claimed that
the boy's real father was an incubus who had seduced
her in the night. In truth, the boy's mother did not
know she was Kinfolk. She never spoke of the boy's
real father, and had always been reticent to tell of the

ee et
Legewat

shameful story of her own father, a salty old pirate who
died shortly after spawning her.

Unable to endure his mother's abuses and insan-
ity, Corazon set out to sea on a fishing vessel at the age
of 14. From that moment on, he became a legendary
"Jonah" known throughout the Garou Nation. Every
vessel he set sail on met with catastrophe, yet some-
how, the sea always threw Corazon back. On his fifth
and final voyage, Bitefinder underwent his First Change,
an event that led to a widespread panic on his ship and
the eventual death of all hands on deck.

A Kin-Fetch dispatched two generations earlier
revealed this remarkable boy toa local stomping ground
of Portuguese Bone Gnawers down by the docks of
Lisbon. The elders insisted that the boy never set sail
to sea again. Instead, he was enlisted to use his Gifts to
catch food for the poor and needy humans and homids
the tribe cared for. By the time he was eighteen,
Corazon was ready to set sail again anyway, whether
the elders liked it or not.

Then, in 1540, one of the greatest events of the
tribe's history took place: the Great Piping of Lisbon.
Hidden from watchful eyes, and masquerading as a
colorful feast of fools, Bone Gnawer elders came
across Europe to speak of voyages to the New World.
The elders knew that many other supernatural crea-
tures, from Leeches to Black Spirals, also hungered to
exploit this new continent. Accordingly, at the early
stages of the Piping, there were few volunteers for
such a great Exodus.

The tribal elders laughed when Corazon Bitefinder
insisted that he scout out the New World himself by
sneaking aboard the next ship bound for America.
While his courage was admired, his reputation for
sinking every ship he had sailed aboard preceded him.
Outraged, Corazon set out to prove them all wrong,
determined to break whatever curse he had inherited.
A pack of Bone Gnawer sailors then volunteered to
follow his lead, eager to win glory and reputation, and
nervous about not surviving to claim such accolades.

Corazon was miserable throughout the first few
months of the journey. The Bone Gnawers had used
their spiritual Gifts (like Blur of the Milky Eye) to stow
aboard, and used other Gifts (like Cooking) to sustain
themselves by eating discarded fish parts, stewed wood
from the cargo hold, and oakum. When their morale
was at their lowest, Corazon stepped sideways onto the
deck to reminded himself what he was fighting for. He
witnessed the spiritual reflection of the open seas — a
sight that always lifted his spirits — and the monstrous
Wyrm creature that was about to devour the ship. Ina
great and terrible conflict, Corazon's pack fought off
the beastie in an epic swashbuckling battle with belay-

95
a


Seer rere sere earn nares arr or a rem mnsewrensmnerenvs)

a OA

ing pins, crates of cargo, thick ropes, and sharpened
claws. As the tale is told, Corazon finally leapt into the
water in Crinos form to stab the beast through the
heart with the ship's anchor. Whether this fish story is
true remains a manner of much debate.

Nonetheless, Corazon Bitefinder returned from
the New World two years later, with stories of the
vast wilderness that awaited the tribe's cubs and
cliath. As one Galliard put it, if Bitefinder could
survive the journey, he was sure that any Bone Gnawer
could. Confident that Bitefinder's ships were no
longer sinking, Rat's brood swarmed aboard them.
The fisherman's son personally helped over a hun-
dred Garou from his tribe make the journey to the
New World, and led the way for an entire generation
of American Bone Gnawers.

Hert Eny-de-Fjtur

Inthe late 18" century, Henri Eau-de-Fleur proudly
represented the "unwashed masses" of Paris... in more
ways than one. When he was first brought to a Garou
caern as a cub, he was too young to announce his
lineage and ancestry. He had no need to howl to
announce his presence, for he had a certain... atmo-
sphere... that always preceded him. Although he had
a certain talent for attracting spirits, they had taught
the precocious metis two ancient Gifts he was too
inexperienced to control: the Scent of Sweet Honey
and the Odor of the Skunk. His command of these
mystic ways truly bordered on the fantastic, for as his
metis deformity, he possessed a fragrance of truly
supernatural potency.

Because of his rather unusual deformity and over-
whelming stench, Henri was wholly unsuited to serve
the Garou Nation as other metis did. His "command-
ing presence" made it impossible to move quietly,
carefully or stealthily around the bawn of acaern. Only
the Bone Gnawer tribe would give him refuge, and
even then, they still held him at arm's length. Deter-
mined to salvage a cub no one would recognize, they
enlisted him to patrol the areas surrounding their
Parisian stomping grounds, but insisted that he take on
a permanent "special assignment" by remaining un-
derground. Henri was trained to patrol the sewers
beneath Paris, a hazardous duty no sane Garou would
dare volunteer to perform.

Shunned by the Garou of the surface world, he
took to the underworld like a fly to feces. Completely
deadened to the ways of scent, he was oblivious to the
worst funk the sewers provided. To him, urine and
perfume smelled the same. Granted, he could not track
prey, he could not Sense Prey, and tragically, he was
completely unable to Sense Wyrm. With a lifetime to
stalk the hidden city beneath Paris, however, he devel-

96
—_——_

oped other ways of uncovering evidence of other
creatures below ground.

His first rivals were a pack of Gamine Ratkin,
furtive scurrying creatures that found Henri's dark fate
amusing. At first, the women of their pack taunted
him, romancing him with flowers and perfume. He
answered by spraying urine on these gifts, though few
know whether this was intended as a challenge or a
complement. Yet once he stood on an equal footing
with other supernatural creatures — namely, by trudg-
ing through muck and mire — he slowly learned to
track them unobserved. Reporting to Bone Gnawer
stomping grounds through a series of intermediaries
and questionable drop points, he slowly built a story
around the Mother Rat leading this pack of Gamine.
With whiskers attuned to the surging force of the
Wyld, their elderly leader was plotting a campaign of
terror and treachery against the inhabitants on the
surface. Henri didn't see this as a threat, however, but
as a fact ripe with possibilities.

Henri's nose never grew keener, but his eyesight
did. Befriending spirits others would find repulsive, he
learned to sense unseen things around him. By causing
the eyes of more sensitive creatures to water, he also
learned what was perhaps one of the more unusual

Bone Gnawers

ioe //,


applications of the Gift: Blur of the Milky Eye. As he
became one with the mists and vapors of the tunnels
beneath Paris, he soon wafted in and out of the
gatherings of another group of supernatural creatures:
a Hosting of Nosferatu that infested the city, much to
the consternation of Leeches above ground.

The rather fetid metis gradually described to his
superiors the growing campaign of espionage between
three factions of undead. The Parisian Nosferatu nursed
a festering hatred of a few powerful Ventrue, blood-

‘sucking nobility that preyed upon the inner courts of

the corrupt aristocracy. He began to hear tales of the
Toreador as well, effete artistes who held their noses
high. The metis began to picture a grand scheme
coming together, like many tunnels flowing into the
same estuary, or perhaps like several streams of effluvia
ready to surge into the same mighty river.

Only Bone Gnawers had the fortitude to endure
underground raids against the denizens of the sewers.
Using the information Henri had scouted, several
packs flushed their prey out of the underworld... and
toward each other. After both the Ratkin and Nosferatu
sustained heavy casualties, Henri suggested a cessation
of hostilities, along with a brief alliance against a
common enemy: two groups of Leeches controlling the
nobility of Paris. It was an offer neither side could sniff
at. Behind his now scabrous and rugose exterior, Henri
had figured out a way to wash away four of the deadliest
sects of enemies facing his tribe, even though they
were hesitant about facing Henri.

On a warm day in May, the detritus of the super-
natural world roiled from the tunnels beneath Paris to
drown all opposition. Ventrue and Toreador reeled
from the stench as they fled from teeth and claws.
Within a month, the Leeches of Paris succumbed to
overwhelming force, and temporarily lost their strangle-
hold on the mortal nobility. It is perhaps a coincidence
that a few months after this shift in supernatural
power, the weakened mortal nobility fell before their
own rivals, but the Parisian metis don't think so.
Drifting in the shadows, Henri Eau-de-Fleur helped
turned the tide of battle in the French Revolution.
Although he is gone, his memory remains, wafting
through the sewers and tunnels beneath Paris.

Young Elackie Chuzzfewth

Pity little Chuzzlewit! Tales of his misadventures
once resounded through the dismal stomping grounds
of Victorian London, thrilling cubs with ripping yarns
of his triumphs and perils. Each time a Bone Gnawer
child was enthralled by the tale, the saga began the
same way: Young Chuzzlewit's mother was once a
handsome woman, the darling paramour of a rich and
powerful industrialist. Yet when she announced that

she was with child, the father shunned his unborn
child. Although the mother desperately turned to
others for aid, she found naught but scorn. The callous
cad who sired her child left for America to expand a
railroad empire, and his former lover was forced to beg
for food. Woe and misery! Misery and woe!

The young woman's pathetic little infant was born
in the dark of night under a new moon. To deaden the
pain of childbirth, she succumbed to the temptation of
demon rum by foolishly spending the few meager coins
she had left. Staggering through the London Fog with
her tiny infant, she fell in the Thames... and nearly
drowned Young Chuzzlewit, Our Hero, as well! His
mother sank like a stone, and her soul soon drifted up
to Heaven. Yet miraculously, the tiny infant washed
up on shore beneath the docks of the East End, fated to
become a ragamuffin of the streets.

Poor little Chuzzlewit! Left on the doorstep of an
orphanage! Raised on rancid vegetables and gruel!
Ran away from home at the tender age of six! The little
hero swore he'd work hard and succeed in life, but
when he trusted an older man who offered him work,
he innocently wandered into a textile factory where
children slaved for a mere pittance of a wage. Beaten
and bruised, he wept himself to sleep each night!

Chapter Four: Survivors

aS

Seer er em ane earn aren La ar ar reser reneerensh

Living in the factory district, his hair and clothes were
stained with soot each day!

Yet Chuzzlewit worked hard, saving enough money
to move out of London, to a town fresh with promise.
The sleepy hamlet had been invigorated by a thriving
new business: the opening of a coal mine. Chuzzlewit
left the thick pollution of the city to breath the fresh
air of the countryside each morning... before climbing
underground to stain his face, his hands, and his dingy
clothes mining coal. How tragic that a life of hard work
should be rewarded with poverty!

Andas Blackie grew older, his life took many more
tragic turns, each one more tragic than the last! He had
not known the true identity of his father, acallous Iron
Rider who had made his fortune buying and selling
land in the American West. For you see, after enduring
the demise of his father, the shame of growing up in an
orphanage, the hardship of textile mines and coal
mines, the years of sickness from breathing coal dust
and fumes, Blackie Chuzzlewit was completely unpre-
pared to discover that his father had been a werewolf!
Oh, the horror! The shame! The pathos of it all!

By the tender age of 13, Blackie considered the
hardworking men of the village of Deadswallow to be
his true brothers. Until, that is, the day that ten of
them were trapped in the coal mine! Overcome with
grief, he screamed at the full moon in his fury! Tears
streaming down his blackened cheeks, he practically
leapt down the shaft to help save them! Screaming in
pain, he could not help his brothers! In his earnestness,
he transformed into a raging monster!

And even worse, after falling into one of the deep
shafts of the coal mine, he found himself in another
worldas he fell deeper beneath the surface! For yousee,
by another miracle of fate, he escaped certain death by
accidentally "stepping sideways" into a parallel uni-
verse that mirrored our own — a truly heroic feat to
enter the Penumbra so young! Impossibly heroic, yet
triumphant! What a lucky bastard!

Fleeing the world of sense and sensibility, he
soon found himself on a powerful quest through a
mystical spirit world. What wonders he found there!
What horrors! Strange beasts unfit to even inhabit
the land beyond the looking glass! Horrible creatures
too impossible for the world of science to compre-
hend! After a lifetime of witnessing the exploitation
of innocents around him, his search for ten men
abandoned in a coal mine led him to a horrible realm
deeper in the Earth, a deep wound in creation itself:
the nightmare world that would later form the foun-
dation for the Near Realm of Scar.

Frightened and alone, he wept in the rubble of
the world he saw. Wandering as if in a dream, he saw

9

a

the souls of countless young men and women laboring
in the factories, the mines, and the wage slave prisons
of the so-called Industrial Revolution. And so, in this
realm, he vowed to no longer wear the shackles *of
oppression, but to cast them off and sever the ties that
bound young men like him! Hooray, Young
Chuzzlewit! Hooray!

Throughout the reign of Queen Victoria, the
Bone Gnawer cubs of London thrilled to these and
other tales of Young Blackie Chuzzlewit's adventures
in the magical land of Scar. This summary is but the
first of the over three hundred chapters of his life
story. The full story of his adventures was once
serialized by Galliards in the stomping grounds of the
British Empire over a span of many years. They
claimed that new Chuzzlewit stories were conveyed
to them in messages carried in the tiny paws of rat-
spirits that joined Blackie on his merry adventures.
Of course, others insisted that that strapping young
fellow was naught but the product of the demon
liquor such reprobates indulge in when conceiving
such fantastic tales. To that, we say a resounding
"Pish! Tosh!" Let us never forget the triumphs of
Young Blackie Chuzzlewit! Hooray!

Ntofher Larkva

As the sept leader for the Sept of the Green, in
New York's Central Park, Mother Larissa is one of
the most prestigious Bone Gnawers in the Garou
Nation. Despite numerous attempts by other Garou
to depose her, including conspiracies led by traitors
in her own sept, the support of dozens of Manhattan
Bone Gnawers has kept her in power. Larissa be-
came a Tribal Mother after decades of generosity
and compassion to those in need, particularly cubs
and cliath of her own tribe.

Her urban sept is based around a caern of fellow-
ship, where different tribes and even different super-
natural creatures can set aside their differences and
talk out their problems. As sept leader, she is known for
taking in and protecting anyone who is danger, in
trouble, or on the run. Countless times, other Garou
have warned her that this weakness places her sept in
jeopardy, but both she and her tribe have been willing
to pay the consequences of their compassion.

Mother Larissa is also known for her insight as a
powerful Theurge, a reputation she plays up to the hilt.
To people she knows and respects, she is a cautious and
attentive mentor, but to strangers, she presents herself
as a crazy old witch. Hidden away on an island in one
of Central Park's lakes, she often receives visitors
while stirring a cauldron of brackish and unidentifi-
able fluids. On occasion, she offers her latest concoc-

Bone Gnawers

ey

|


4

tion to people in need — a sure way of testing their
willingness to trust her.

After decades of consulting with all manner of
listeners, the old witch has collected a vast collection
of supernatural stories, which she gleefully shares with
any cubs that will listen to them. Most have all the
style and grace of Halloween ghost stories. ("Heh, heh,
heh! Listen, kiddies! Here's a tale that's sure to chill
your bones!") Though few remember it, parts of this
persona are based on an obscure Vesuvius comic book,
House of the Dying, published by in the early '50's.

No one knows how old Mother Larissa really is, or
how much longer her Theurgic rites can sustain her in
her old age. While the local Bone Gnawers have great
respect for the elderly, some of the other tribes ques-
tion whether she is still fit to rule. In recent years, she
has become reluctant to leave the boundaries of Cen-
tral Park. Sometimes, she is even unable to leave the
wards around her hidden island. Despite this, as long as
she can maintain the appropriate rites, uphold the
ideals of her tribe, and defuse enough local conspira-
cies, Bone Gnawers are hopeful that the old gal will
rule for many years to come.

Breed: Homid
Auspice: Theurge

eee

Chapter Four: Survivors

Rank: 4 (Athro)
Physical: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3 (1/0/0/0), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 4,
Expression 5, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 2, Leadership 3, Melee 3,
Performance 4, Stealth 2, Survival 3

Knowledges: Linguistics (Spanish) 1, Medicine 4,
Occult 3, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 4

Rage: 5; Gnosis: 7; Willpower: 8

Gifts: (1) Cooking, Mother's Touch, Persuasion, Re-
sist Toxin, Sense Wyrm, Spirit Speech; (2) Blissful
Ignorance, Command Spirit, Sight from Beyond,
Staredown; (3) Exorcism, Paralyzing Stare, Pulse of
the Invisible, Reshape Object; (4) Grasp the Beyond
Rites: Any that the Storyteller deems appropriate (she
is a high-ranking Theurge)

Fetishes: Grand klaive. Larissa's grand klaive was a
"bequest" from a Glass Walker that had fallen from
grace before dying during a Black Spiral attack on
the Sept of the Green (Larissa doesn't say which side
the Walker was on). The blade's name is "Thunder-
ing House-cleaver," and the Glass Walkers would be
appalled to learn that this mighty heirloom of their
tribe is currently stashed in some bushes in Central
Park just in case a batty old Bone Gnawer crone
needs it someday.

Carkta Cotiarvrez, By St?"

Background: Not all Garou undergo their First
Change during the awkward years of late adolescence
— for some it happens unpleasantly earlier. Carlita is
one of those young Garou, and she's taken to her
Lupine nature in a way that few other youthful
werewolves do. While her First Change was certainly
traumatic — she had holed up in one of her familiar
hiding places in downtown Tampa when the change
overtook her and regained her wits to find a family of
dead Cuban squatters in tatters around her — she
quickly understood that to make up for what she was,
she had to do her best in the war of the Apocalypse.

Now, at age 15, Carlita is something of a prodigy.
By way of reconciliation with that unfortunate family,
Carlita wants to become a Mother or even Grand-
mother among the Bone Gnawers one day. She's taken
the first tentative steps, earning the name "Big Sis" as
an acknowledgment of her rank and drive. Carlita's
modus operandi isn't the sort of pseudo-liberal policy

99
aN


Sem err rr Gran so teranaiciA ss senrscaruc emabinurnirinaptinanredS

of social progressiveness that ignorant Garou often
mistakenly ascribe to the downtrodden Bone Gnaw-
ers, however. Her methods are much more direct. As
a Philodox, she feels eminently qualified to judge her
foes' value, but she also takes on the role of punisher,
kicking those foes in the balls and then burying her
Fang Dagger in the base of their necks as they double
over. Other candidates for Mothers and Grandmoth-
ers often establish themselves as caretakers, helping
others out. Carlita prefers to help by eliminating
hindrances. To date, she's bested Banes and Black
Spiral Dancers, served asa facilitator between the Sept
of the Wounded Bay and the Follow North Sept in
west central Florida, and even helped a prophesized
pack of Garou challenge a Lore Bane and the Wyrm-
beast Jo'cllath'mattric.

Big Sis' current agenda has brought her home once
again to Tampa, where she continues to serve as the
right-hand 'Gnawer to Mother Eldridge in Tampa and
as the "mouth of the South" between the two septs.

Image: Carlita is rangy and lean, which is evi-
dent in her Lupus form as well as her human form. As
a woman, she stands under five and a half feet tall,
dwarfed all the more by her oversized army-surplus
jacket and baggy chinos or jeans. Her hair is black and
stringy, which she often pulls up under an old-school
Tampa Bay Bucs hat. In her wolf-form, Carlita's fur is
a patchy black and brown, making her look more like
an overgrown mutt than a wolf. Even in Crinos form,
Carlita is thin, giving her a deceptively underpow-
ered appearance.

Roleplaying Hints: As a young Garou, you're
often given little regard and that really pisses you off.
Hey, you didn't reach the second rank by being some
snot-nosed kid — you're whip-smart and sometimes
other people just need to learn not to judge a book by
its secondhand cover. Much to your chagrin, though,
those others are right sometimes; you still have much
of the impetuosity of youth. And there's the unsubtle
matter of your appetite, as well. You're always hungry,
and no matter what you eat, it all tastes like burnt dog.
Man, that sucks.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Rank: 2 (Fostern)

Physical: Strength 1 (3/5/4/2), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5)

100

—

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4 (2/1/1/1), Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Expression 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Crafts 1, Drive 1, Firearms 1,
Stealth 3, Survival 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Law 1, Linguistics (En-
glish) 1, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 2

Rage: 3; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 4

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Scent of the True Form, Tag-
along, Truth of Gaia (2) Blissful Ignorance, Jam Tech-
nology

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Fang dagger

Bone Gnawers

———S ea

PROB oe Cres =

Name: Breed: Pack Name: {
Player: Auspice: Pack Totem: A
Chronicle: Camp: Concept:

Phiytloaf Joctaf NVenfaf
Strength. @0000~ Charisma @0000 Perception @0000
Dexterity. @0000- = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000

Stamina @0000 = Appearance @0000 _ Wits @0000
Talewht Skife Xnonfedget
Alertness 00000 Animal Ken OO0000 — Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 _ Crafts 00000 Enigmas________—-900000
Brawl 00000 _ Drive 00000 _ Investigation___00000
Dodge 00000 §$Etiquette___ = 90000 =—Law____——SC—/7I[00
Empathy 00000 | Firearms O0OOOO Linguistics 00000
Expression. 00000 Leadership 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation 00000 Melee 00000 Occult___ 00000
Primal-Urge 00000 Performance 00000 Politics__———— 0000
Streetwise 00000 - Stealth 00000 | Rituals 00000
Subterfuge 00000 — Survival O0000_ Science___———— Ss OO0O0O

Background life Gift

OOO00O0

OO000O0

OOOO0O

O0O00O0

OOO00O

————— Renown — a Rage A VN CALYls memento
Glory Bruised l
0000000000 eeE SEES S Hurt -l

QO00000000 FOHOO0000009 Injured l

Honor lint! oo -

0O0O0O0000 000 aule -

Ce) ‘ri .

npooeoaeeoee ff eeeeres ie
Wisdom ODOOOO0O0g000 0 ncapacitated

0000000000 —-Wifponer Zz Tothal Weakvatt

Q9OOO0O00090R0 go QQ 000000 _ *IDIFICULTYTOSOCIAL
ROLLS WITH OTHER TRIBES

ae a a oe ee se

—- vk QQ00000000

~~, aimee


RO Boe Gras

{

E

— Hom, Glabro Pipe Lupus
Strength(+2)_ oP encliy Strength(+3)___—s- Strength (+1)___
Stamina(+2)__—- Dexterity (+1)____ Dexterity (+2)_____ Dexterity (+2)___

fe Appearance(-1)___- Stamina (+3) Stamina (+3)___—s Stamina (+2)____
Manipulation(-2)____ Appearance 0 Manipulation(-3)____ Manipulation(-3)___
Manipulation(-3)__ +1 DietoBiteDamage -2 Perception Diff.
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty: 6
INCITE DELIRIUM
HUMANS
—- Shar Trahly mm ile
OO0O00O0. Item: Level Gnosis
OOO0O0O0 Power:
OOOO0O Item: Level Gnosis
OOOO0O0 Power:
OOO0O0O0 Item: Level Gnosis,
OO0000 Power:
OO0O0O0O0 Item: Level Gnosis,
OOO0O0O0 Power:
00000 Rie
OOOO0O
coat
00000.N
OO0O00O0
OOO0O0O0 |
OOOO0O
OOOO0O
OOO00O0
OOOO0O
Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Zrarsiog Chart
Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Strength+1/A
Body Tackle Dex+Brawl 7 — Special/B
Claw Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength+I/A
Grapple  Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength/B
Kick Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+l/B
Punch Dex+Brawl 6 — Strength/B
A=Aggravated Damage
B=Bashing Damage

5, RRR ita Sasconcn

AIT:

re


Nature: Demeanor:
Nerf Tape Cat Fw Type Bom

Abst Ntenfor

Kirfole
Confacht
Tofers
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:
Gained From:

Equipment (Owned):

Name:

Caern Location:

Level: Type:
Totem: TOTAL SPENT:
Leader: Spent On:

Current Stomping Grounds:

Tribal Mother or Father:

/ es

iene.

ROB one Conran

|

|

Soir
Age:
Hair:
Eyes:
Race:
Nationality:
Sex:
Height | Weight

Homid:
Glabro: Ethle Stars:
Crinos:
Hispo:
Lup Niehlt Daformbty:

AAA

I A
lack Chart Vitwath Character > ae


al MS SS a OLA 5

Ne. YAWEGS

Wild in the Streets

Call them tainted and they'll laugh at you. Call them w: orthless and they'll
ignore you. Call them dogs and they'll leave you bleeding on the asphalt. The
Bone Gnawers have been fighting to survive in the harsh realm, of the city for
millennia, and they're just about finished taking crap from ev veryone else. The
lowest of Garou are'ready to prove that social standing isn't ev very thing 46
survive on the streets of the World of Darknéss, you need teeth.

so Every Wolf Has His Day — - e

The most dangerous of the urban werew olves get their due in the new
Tribebook: Bone Gnaw ers. ‘Inside you'll find the tricks of survival that have'
kept the Gnawers around toreo Tong, as welllas.themuances of their down-
and-out society. Tribebook: Bone Gnawerts contains more than twice' as much:
information as the original — éxpanded history, current' events; social
conventions, hidden traditions, plenty of new Gifts, rites, fetishes and other
rules, hints of things to come, and even more. & on

~

Se ne Ne

EREWOLF

HEA POCALY PSE

PR u Co
Ad , & .

T]
¢) Mundes Lge tale ee

www.white-wolf.com

ISBN 1-58846-300-1
WW3852 $14.95 US.
Scanned by
FENRIR WORD of

PRINTED IN USA DARKNESS
