# File: Book of Lost Dreams.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

1


OrZ

CL

oy
SX

v,

CAMA, CCA <

A

2)

' Credics

Writen by: Roger Gaudreau, Steve Herman, Ian Lemke

Additional Material by: Brian Campbell, Steve Kenson, Wayne
Peacock

Developed by: Ian Lemke
Edited by: Cynthia Summers

Ar

t Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Interior Art: Mike Chaney & Matt Milberger, Anthony
Hightower, Brian LeBlanc, Heather]. McKinney, Rick O'Brien,
Paul Phillips, Valerie Valusek

Front Cover Art: Mark Jackson
Front and Back Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

ey © 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.

Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher
is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and
blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal
use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. AZon,
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, The Autumn People,
Book of Lost Dreams, Nobles the Shining Host, The Book of
Storytellers Secrets, Isle of the Mighty, The Storytellers Guide
to the Sabbat, Dreams and Nightmares, and World of Darkness
Combat are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

73) PARK NORTH BLVD.
b SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 3002I
USA

WHITE WOLF

GAME STUDIO

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA

#

Book of Lost Dreams


(=

St Dréams -

Is

re ory |

ono

q

=

(2
Incroducction 4
Chapzcer One: 6
Chapzer Two: 26
Chapcer Three: Adva 30
Chapzer Four: Capture t 46

\/

Contents 3


¢

RA (Adouc This Book

ry Within the pages of this book you will find a lot informa-
NS
¥

YA} tion, some of it old and some of it new. Much of the old
A) information has been updated and revised for the second
xa

edition of Changeling: The Dreaming. The new information is
Nan provided to help Storytellers and players alike to understand the
A workings of Changeling better, and to help flesh out their
Q

stories. Readers who think they have seen some of this informa-
tion in previous books are encouraged to take a second look.

\S

KS

(A

Ny 3

S,

y

There are quite a few changes and new pieces of information

scattered throughout (especially among the Unseelie houses).

Although this is essentially a book of rules, remember that

Changeling is about storytelling above all else. If any of the rules

included in this book do not seem appropriate for your chronicle,

feel free to alter them or leave them out entirely. All of these

tules should be considered optional — for that matter, all rules

should be considered optional! After all, because there are no

\ winners or losers in a storytelling game such as Changeling,

Ze rules can be considered pretty much obsolete. In the end, it is
y the story that is important, not the rules.

My

Y

e

Still, rules are helpful in establishing a structure for events
that occur during a story. In the end, the Storyteller and the
players need to discover for themselves the level of complexity
they want the rules in their stories to have.

Book of Lost Dreams

- -" ~

—_—— ee

Beyond the new rules included here, there is also informa-
tion on the three Unseelie houses (Ailil, Balor and Leanhaun).
Some Storytellers may wish to restrict their players' use of these
houses. Allowing players to bring in characters who are mem-
bers of an Unseelie house can greatly disrupt a chronicle,
especially if the majority of the other characters are Seelie.
Storytellers who wish to have darker and more intrigue-laden
chronicles may delight in including these houses, however.

Concents

Chapter One offers an in-depth look at how the Kithain
interact with the Prodigals and the other supernaturals. Both
setting information and crossover rules are provided, as well as
tips on how to bring changelings into other chronicles.

Chapter Two explains how cantrips work in greater detail,
focusing particularly on the Bunks. Also included is a complete
list of suggestions for Bunks for each of the Arts described in
Changeling second edition.

Chapter Three is a hodgepodge of information, ranging
from exactly how Banality affects a changeling to complete
descriptions of the three Unseelie houses. Also included is a
closer examination of the fae mien versus the mortal seeming,
a new Background Trait, and rules for using the World of
Darkness: Combat book with Changeling (including three
complete fighting styles).

Le

Chapter Four contains a complete introductory adventure
that can be inserted into virtually any Changeling chronicle.
This story is particularly useful to Storytellers who are just
beginning but can be used by veteran Changeling Storytellers as
well.

Developers Note

Much of the material in this book is information that
simply wouldn't fit into the core rulebook. In my original
conception for Changeling second edition, I intended to in-
clude all of the noble houses that had been mentioned to date.
In the end, this was simply an impossibility. I also wanted to
include many of the expanded ideas concerning Banality that
had been discussed in The Autumn People, and though we

couldn't find the space at the time, at least that information has
found its way in here.

Whether or not to include previously published material in
this book was a difficult decision. However, in the end I felt that
the material reprinted here was sufficiently important to new

players to warrant some repetition. Much of the section on the

other supernatural beings who inhabit the World of Darkness is
taken from The Book of Storytellers Secrets, though many
significant changes have been made to it. There is also a fair
amount of new setting material that can be very useful to
Storytellers who wish to run crossover chronicles, which seems
to be just about everyone these days. So don't take anything for
granted.

Incroduczion 5

(S

APA OD

TOO

DS

g


vel
eee

sy
_ i

ole "

"
> . .

aa

ELIZ


i eee

KS

Boys and girls of every age,

Wouldn't you like to see something strange?
— "This is Halloween", The Nightmare Before Christmas

‘The Ochers

The Kithain and the Dreaming are by no means the sole
supernatural forces within the World of Darkness. Many other
beings with their own factions and problems inhabit the twilight
world away from the ken of humanity.

Changeling relations with these supernatural beings mostly
deteriorated after the Shattering. Once Banality fell like a
curtain over the land, the Kithain were more interested in
surviving than playing politics with the dangerous and mercu-
rial creatures sharing the shadows with them. There are notable
exceptions, such as the fae/werewolf gatherings once every 10
summers in Hibernia (Ireland), the sheltering of Kithain in
Paris by the vampire Prince Villon, and the great compact of fae
and magi in Great Britain (detailed in Isle of the Mighty). Most
other supernaturals, notably the vampires, lost contact with the

C

SS

Kithain after the Shattering. Memories of the fae became like
the half-remembered dreams of blood-warm nights.

With the return of the sidhe, however, and the arrival of an
Indian Summer (a burst of Glamour before the coming of
Winter), many ancient pacts, treaties and protocols were rees-
tablished. The sidhe renewed their contact with the mages,
werewolves and other supernaturals, almost as if time had not
passed between them. For the most part, many of these groups
were shocked and surprised to have these living legends turn up
after nearly 600 years.

Now that the Kithain are becoming more active, they are
coming into further contact with other supernatural forces. The
nobility has been the major impetus behind the reopening of
these lines of communication with those who used to be allies.
With the renewed contact, however, the Kithain have also
begun to rediscover ancient foes.

Chapter One: The Awakened World 7

»


Opzional Rule:
Cnchancing Prodigals

All creatures with supernatural ability are referred to
as Awakened beings. Some Storytellers may desire to make
it easier for changelings to enchant Awakened beings,
thus allowing forachronicle that involves several varieties
of supernaturals. When using this rule, a changeling may
attempt to enchant any Awakened being within sight. To
attempt an enchantment using this method, the player
must spend at least one point of Glamour and make a
Glamour roll (difficulty equal to the target's Banality
rating). This enchantment lasts for one day (24 hours) per
point of Glamour spent but is modified as per the chart
below (so the Garou could be enchanted for three days per
Glamour point, and soon). Those Awakened not listed on
the chart are affected for one day.

Awakened Being Modifier
Garou x3
Mage, Marauder x5
Mage, Nephandus x3
Mage, Technocrat x5
(also includes Virtual Adepts)

Mage, Tradition x2
Vampire, Kiasyd x5
Vampire, Malkavian x3

Book of Lost Dreams

AR D m > ge >= >

Policics

When dealing with the Prodigals, Kithain generally prefer
to call upon the Wyrd so as to appear more impressive. It is much
more advantageous for the local duke to negotiate with the
Toreador prince as an exquisitely gorgeous creature wearing
sublimely crafted ceremonial armor than as a 16-year-old high
school student in hightops and a T-shirt. (Of course, the sidhe
might find that he now has to worry about a vampire who
decides she must have this beautiful creature, but that's another
matter entirely.) Similarly, when trying to prove one's valor in
combat, better to be an eight-foot-tall troll facing off against
that Crinos-form werewolf than a junior varsity halfback.

As the fae, most notably the sidhe, slip back more notice-
ably into the supernatural goings-on in the World of Darkness,
they reaffirm their ancient alliances. For example, the sidhe
have long had a pact with the Silver Fang werewolves, as well as
the mages known as the Order of Hermes. Other kith, houses
and factions have their own allies among the Prodigals as well.
The Shadow Court has friends in high places within the Sabbat.
House Fiona's kinain and the Fianna Kinfolk have intermarried
extensively as well.

Since the Resurgence, the Kithain have also rediscovered
old enemies. The werewolves who call themselves the Get of
Fenris have an ancient blood feud with the sidhe, and will slay
them on sight. The Ravnos vampires also come into conflict
with the Kithain regularly. The Kithain's oldest and dangerous
enemy is as yet only rumored to be active. Although rumors of


ToAe
MRAZ

ER

4

new sightings of the creatures called fomorians are still just that,

-@: it is certain that something matching the description of the
Nl _ (Uords of Power enemies of the fae still exists. There are those who whisper that
The Dreaming still enforces the pacts and agree- House Balor may know, but for now House Balor prefers to keep

ments signed eons ago between the fae and the Prodigals. its own counsel on the matter.

These accords range from alliances to simple nonaggres-

While the Kithain know much about their wayward cous-
sion treaties. Often a creature that knows the ancient

ins, much of their information is often out of date, coming from
words can still use them against a changeling, forcing her sages and lore that existed before the Shattering. The nobility,

to adhere to the agreement. An example of this type of for example, knows the names and general traits of the clans of

ASI

. . . 9 * : «.

pact is the High King's Peace, built between the Silver vampires from the 13th century, but the more recent bloodlines =
‘
¢

and politics are completely new to them. A sidhe might remem-

Fangs and the sidhe. This states that when either party SX

CS

of dominance or submission upon the wearer. This covers a visiting noble, but would be much less likely to know how to N)

Sovereign and Gifts that overpower somebody's will (see receive a Daughter of Cacophony. This lack of experience with {(—

Werewolf: The Apocalypse). There are many more the current states of supernatural politics often makes it difficult Ley

treaties and agreements from the pre-Shattering times, for the nobility to deal with those creatures. Many commoners, ey
notably the sluagh, have more of an idea about the lay of the land S

wears a ring made of ashwood, the other cannot use magic ber that a Ventrue should be received with the same dignity as

and these are left to the Storytellers' discretion. Most of
these have a much greater impact on the Kithain than right now. It causes much amusement when the duke makesa {€&—

they do on the Prodigals (changelings may suffer ill effects faux pas in the presence of the local magi by asking where the j&,
as if they had broken an oath for defying these pacts). Ahl-i-Batin are. ~)
Many supernaturals still abide by them out of respect for SS
tradition, assuming they are even aware of the pact's Current Evenzs (&

existence. Such agreements and treaties can be a good (x

There are three major Kithain/Prodigal events in the re-
cent past worth mentioning. The first was the destruction of
Duke Rococo's summer court by a horde of vicious misshapen

starting point for a Changeling crossover game. Oy
iS
—
IY
VQ

Chapzter One: The Awakened World 9 EHS


CC

OY,

j

RRS,

vy,

f
i)

»

v
i

‘ WS

649
® j ai
SY

10 Book of Lost Dreams

werewolves. The massacre prompted High King David to put
the Red Branch on high alert for signs of these twisted creatures.
The Fianna bard Niall Whitestar claimed that these are the
Garou's ancestral enemies, and offered his pack's help. In
response, to the shock of the conservative elements at court, the
High King made Niall and his pack provisional Red Branch
Knights, charged with bringing those responsible for the massa-
cre to justice.

Another recent episode saw a cabal of mages called Cultists
of Ecstasy take over a freehold built inside a rambling Victorian
house, held by a roving trago of satyrs. When the satyrs returned
to find their home co-opted, they girded themselves for battle
and entered. Since then, no one has seen either the mages or the
satyrs. Occasionally laughter is heard emanating from within,
but no one who has gone inside to investigate has returned.

Finally among wilders, it is becoming the height of chic to
undertake a quest to hang out with the Prodigals and return in
one piece, or better yet, tweak their noses in some witty way.
More than one changeling has found herself in hot water when
a simple "Get in and out of the Chantry" dare turned into a
serious challenge of sorcerous skill when the local magi decided
that they weren't thrilled with an uninvited visitor.

Vampires

Known to the Kithain as the Children of Lilith, vampires
are said to be descended from a redcap who slew his brother.
Others claim that there is a grain of truth to this story, but that
this being was of a separate kith altogether, and that the entire
kith was punished by the Tuatha de Dannan as a consequence
of this one faerie's actions. Yet others believe that these lost fae
simply became so enamored with their bloodlust that they lost
sight of their true fae nature.

All vampires claim they are descended from this murderer,
known as Caine. The Kindred, as they call themselves, are
embroiled in a neverending struggle for power, dominance and
supremacy known as the Jyhad. Kithain can sometimes be swept
up in this grand tapestry of manipulation, usually with disastrous
results.

These blood-drinkers are often riddled with Banality, and
therefore are shunned by the majority of fae. Still, the Kindred's
style and dark desire can be potent lures for potential Glamour.
Many sidhe find the elders of the Children of Lillith fascinating,
for they often hold keys to their past existence on this plane.
There have been many stories of elder vampires who recognized
one of the returned sidhe, sometimes as an enemy or as an ally
from centuries long past.

Some Kithain are drawn to the Kindred like moths to a
flame. There are those who view the politics of the undead as the
greatest challenge of all. Others yearn for their lost immortality,
and see the vampiric existence as the closest equivalent. Yet
others simply buy into the belief that vampires are somehow
cooler than anyone else.

Kithain are aware that vampire society is divided among
family and ideological lines, but most don't bother to learn more

than which sect controls their area and how safe it is to wander
at night. High King David's court has issued a warning to avoid
the group of vampires knownas the Tremere, due to the fact that
several Kithain have been captured by these vampires and
destroyed during experimentation.

Most Kindred have no idea the fae exist. Those who do
know tend to view fae as extremely powerful but also very

childish.

Ravnos

The clan that poses the most danger to the Kithain, and can
have the most effect on the Dreaming, is Ravnos, although the
majority of these Gypsy vampires are completely unaware of the
danger they pose to fae. These Kindred have a power called
Chimerstry, which to the mundane eye is illusion. The Kithain
recognize it, however, as the power to create chimera. An
illusion created by one of these vampires (whether animate or
inanimate) is considered to be a chimera, albeit one that is not
controlled by its maker. Weapons and creatures created using
this power can cause chimerical damage to Kithain and the
enchanted.

It is said that the Ravnos were taught their powers by an
eshu who was beaten ina talecraft contest by the founder of Clan
Ravnos. As a prize, the eshu granted the vampire the ability to
perceive the Dreaming. Through this knowledge, the founder
discovered a means by which he could manipulate the Dreaming
in ways not even understood by the fae. Though he was able to
pass along the ability to craft illusions with the stuff of the
Dreaming, the innate sight of the magical world was lost to
future generations.

CDalkavians

The madness and peculiar insights of the Malkavians brings
them closer to the Dreaming than any of the Kindred. The
Kithain find them the easiest to deal with because of their low
Banality. This clan of vampires has the closest ties to the fae,
with treaties and compacts going back hundreds, if not thou-
sands, of years. Many Malkavians recognize Kithain as being fae,
even though they cannot perceive the Kithain's fae mien or
chimera unless enchanted. This is not always a good thing; the
derangements of some Malkavians are not conducive to pleas-
ant relations

Malkavians are drawn to fae like moths to a flame, and the
attraction is occasionally mutual. It is not uncommon for a
Malkavian to drop by a local freehold, and hang out quietly to
watch the show or even be bold enough to socialize. Most of the
residents aren't certain if the Kindred are always aware that they
are in a freehold, and it's possible the Malkavians themselves
don't know.

Malkavians have less chance of a bad reaction to drinking
fae blood, and in fact drinking it can make them a bit more lucid
than usual. The danger lies in the fact that some Malkavians get
addicted to fae blood after only a few tastes. A Malkavian
addicted to fae blood can prove to be a very dangerous predator.

Chapcter One: The Awakened World

Some Kithain (especially Unseelie) choose the high-risk,
high-reward position as a Malkavian prankster's muse. These
Kithain inspire the mad vampires' tendency to cruel and elabo-
rate pranking, and reap the rewards in the Glamour produced.
The difficulty of all Reverie rolls involving Malkavians are
reduced by one.

Finally, one of the least known facts about Malkavians (and
they prefer to keep it that way) is that they are completely
unaffected by the Mists. Though they must still be enchanted to
be able to see a changeling's fae mien and to interact with
chimera, they remember absolutely everything once the en-
chantment wears off.

Kiasyd

Perhaps the most closely related clan to the Kithain is the
Kiasyd (see The Storytellers Guide to the Sabbat). These
enigmatic vampires come from a strange magical experiment
fusing together the blood of Kithain (notably sidhe and eshu)
and a group of vampires called the Lasombra. These experi-
ments were carried out with the full knowledge and cooperation
of the Shadow Court, and some older members still shake their
heads and hope some use can be found for these odd vampires.

Kiasyd keep to themselves as a rule, but once ina blue moon
one can be found at a sluagh tea, sharing tales and esoteric
knowledge. Although they can perceive the Dreaming and
Kithain quite easily, Kiasyd wisely stay out of fae business.

Kiasyd have a Discipline called Mytherceria, which allows
them to perceive and affect the Dreaming. Level one, Fey Sight,
automatically allows the user to see the chimerical world, includ-
ing the fae mien of a changeling and active chimera. A Kiasyd
using this power is considered to be enchanted for the purposes of
being affected by chimera and cantrips. (The vampire must be
actively using the power; just "having" it isn't enough.)

Crossover Ideas

Although apart from isolated groups, Kithain don't have
much contact with vampires. However, there are a few reasons
why the two would interact. The Shadow Court maintains ties
with the Sabbat, and Unseelie Kithain and Thallain occasion-
ally hang about local Sabbat packs. The Sabbat enjoy having
redcaps around to dispose of the remains of their wild "parties."
It is also considered a mark of bravery among many fae to walk
with the vampires for a night and survive.

Another idea for crossover stories might revolve around an
old pact made between the fae and an elder vampire; as the pact
comes due, he sends his childe (who knows very little of the fae)
to fulfill his obligation. Alternatively, Kithain and Kindred
exist in the same cities, and may cross paths at an art museum
that happens to be an Elysium or a coffeehouse that is a
gathering spot for local fae. What happens when a Toreador
shows an unhealthy interest in a changeling's Dreamer, or
becomes enamored of a sidhe? What if a Gangrel begins spend-
ing her nights near a local glen?

Vampires and fae move in different circles, but cold arms
may seek toembrace the bright flame of achangeling in the hope

12

Book of Lost Dreams

of salvation. A tragic romance between a Kithain and a vampire
could be an epic chronicle lasting many stories.

Finally, afae-blood-addicted vampire is one of the deadliest
predators a local fief can have. If one is discovered, it means an
immediate call to arms. Hunting the ultimate urban shark is
dangerous at best and foolhardy at worst.

Crossover Rules

Chimerstry

The Discipline of Chimerstry (see Vampire Players Guide)
creates illusions that can be perceived by mortals and all
Awakened beings. However, these illusions are spawned in the
Dreaming and become all the more real to the Kithain.

All illusions created by Chimerstry have chimerical reflec-
tions as well. These chimera often remain in existence long after
the original illusion has faded. For every success earned in
creating an illusion with Chimerstry, the chimera will remain
for at least an additional day. How this chimera acts depends
upon the nature of the illusion that was cast. Inanimate chimera
generally remain in the area where they were created, and can
be interacted with by changelings just like any other inanimate
chimera. These are almost always considered to be Incidental
chimera (see Changeling: The Dreaming second edition, pg.
218). Animate chimera can take on a life of their own, often
with extremely unpredictable effects.

A Kithain can sense the use of Chimerstry within a mile
with a simple Kenning roll (difficulty 7). One success gives the
Kithain a general idea of where the Discipline is being used,
while five successes allows the Kithain to pinpoint the exact
location.

Obdfuscace

A sluagh can pierce the vampiric Discipline Obfuscate by
rolling Perception + Alertness (difficulty 7) This perception
works on any level of the Discipline.

Auspex

Any Kindred using Auspex 2 (Aura Perception) can perceive
a changeling's aura as a flickering pattern of lights and colors. This
adds two to the difficulty of attempting to read a changeling's aura.
Additionally, an Intelligence + Occult roll (difficulty 8) allows the
vampire to recognize the changeling for what she is.

Drinking Changeling Blood

Fae blood acts as a potent hallucinogen to any Kindred
drinking it. Some jaded Kindred have come to consider it a
delicacy, while others avoid it at all costs. There are also those
who seek it for its supposed magical powers. Some whisper it can
be used as a component in certain Tremere blood rituals.

The effects of drinking fae blood on Kindred are variable.
Storytellers are encouraged to make up their own effects, such
as power surges, hair growing out of embarrassing places, or
perhaps oversized ears. Asa general rule, however, as soon as the
vampire ingests the blood, the player must make a Courage roll

Statement KS

he (difficulty 3 + the number of Blood Points ingested). If there are
: no successes, the vampire enters the second threshold of Bedlam
(see Changeling: The Dreaming second edition pg. 208) A
botch causes the vampire to enter the equivalent of third-stage
Bedlam as well as gaining a permanent Derangement

(Storyteller's choice).

‘The €Emodrace

Changelings often don't survive the trauma of being Em-
braced — their faerie souls are usually snuffed out by the
experience. Anytime a changeling is Embraced, the player must
make a Glamour roll (difficulty equal to the vampire's Banality
+ 2). Only one success is needed to survive the transformation.
If no successes are gained, then the character's faerie soul is
forever destroyed and the character dies.

ve

f
f

RAL

Assuming he survives, any Kithain unlucky enough to be

Embraced is immediately claimed by the Mists. He reverts
entirely to his mortal seeming and loses all access to (as well as
memory of) his Arts and Birthrights. The fae soul within the
new Kindred is in permanent stasis, and must wait until the
Kindred suffers Final Death before reincarnating. Some change-
ling scholars believe that a faerie soul who suffers such a trauma
oe never returns to this world. }
Ya a a A Kithain-turned-vampire who is enchanted regains his
"te S memories of his fae life for the duration of the enchantment,
though as soon as the enchantment wears off, the Mists quickly
claim these memories again. An Embraced changeling who is
enchanted does not regain access to any of his former abilities
(Arts, Birthrights, etc.); he simply remembers what he used to
be, and what he has lost in exchange for immortality.

Ouclooks

Vampires? No, I don't hang around them. I hear they live
forever, and that's about all I know. You could ask the sluagh, they
might know with them. Me, if I ever saw one, I'd walk the other way
mighty quick. Why? Well, I'm just not too keen on something that
thinks I would make a good snack.

— Gareth Toadstool, boggan restaurant owner

The Kindred are the greatest game of all. It is tempting to
immerse oneself in their Jyhad, and with it, them. However playing
with that fire will get one burned. I have shared tales with them on
occasion, and have seen mad vampiric revels by moonlight. Since an
altercation in a dark alley one night with a thirsty vampire, however,
my path has steered decidedly clear of them.

— Draeven Softfoot, eshu wanderer

Don't know much about them, and that's all right by me. Yeah,
we' ve run into these Nosferatu in our mines, but we don' tbother them
and they don't bother us. They're nasty old bastards who' d nip off you
just to find out how you taste. All together now, kids — hell, no!

— Irving Claybourne, nocker mechanic

Malkavians stink. Never touch the stuff. Once, I was cruising
the main, and there was this tragic figure in black, looking wan and
Gothic... uh, except for the clown makeup. So, I hung out with this
kid for a bit, and apart from a predilection for a little AB positive once

Ai

>

Chapzer One: The Awakened World 13

could strike its head off its shoulders. Protect their victims, and show
compassion to those who seek release from their existence. To those
who revel in their killing, show no mercy.

in awhile, it was very cool to watch her pull pranks that would make
my grump-pa jealous. Vampires? Nah, don't bother.

< — Runcible Shaw, pooka philosopher

— Graeme Thornshield, troll warrior

CJerewolves

Of all the Prodigals, the werewolves have the closest
relations with the fae. The Kithain show these ancient allies
respect by referring to them as Garou, the name they have for
themselves. Before the Sundering, the fae and the Garou shared
their homes, glens and places of power. As the fae began

Some claim that they're family. Whether it's true or not, those
bloodsuckers called the Sabbat seem more like us than the namby-
pamby elves. Here's my recommendation — hang out, match ‘em
pint for pint, and make sure you aren't on the buffet when the dinner-
bell rings.

— Derek, redcap gang member

Imagine the knowledge they must have locked away... centuries
of experiences and immortality to boot. Now that's what I call living!

— Phillipe le Noir, satyr entertainer

Of all the Prodigals, only their grace and beauty comes near to
matching our own. Many of our kind are drawn to their dark mystique
like moths to the flame. Unfortunately, those drawn in by the their
dark light often suffer the same fate as the moth....

— Adrienne Forst, House Eiluned

I have a Nosferatu to tea every second Thursday. He is
courteous, quiet, and shows me a respect I find lacking in many
Kithain. As far as I am concerned, these so-called Leeches are more
tolerant and civilized than most so-called nobles I know.

— anonymous sluagh of Duke Dray's court

My feelings on these creatures are divided. I have spoken with a
sad soul despairing of its nocturnal existence and unfettered craving.

I have also seen a mad beast tear into the flesh of the living before I

withdrawing from the world, their relations changed, some
becoming strained, some breaking entirely. Others, like the ties
between the Kithain and the Fianna tribe, grew even stronger as
they presented a united front against common enemies such as
the fomorians.

Most Kithain see werewolves as wild cousins who some-
times let their tempers get the better of them. There are those
who say that the Garou split away from the fae when their
dreams of vengeance and rage overpowered them. Still, the
Garou are valued allies to many fae, and many Kithain will go
out of their way to help a Garou in trouble. The Garou for the
most part recognize these ties, and not a few werewolves have
served as enchanted bodyguards or muscle for a Kithain court.

14 Book oF Lost Dreams

ve" 4°

ESI SSIESISS SSIS


The different tribes of Garou have varying degrees of
contact with each kith. There is one tribe who avoids contact
with any fae save trolls, and have to be restrained from killing
sidhe on sight. These are the Garou who call themselves the Get
of Fenris. The Get swore a blood oath against the sidhe a
thousand years ago in answer to an ancient humiliation, and the
oath stands to the present day.

The greatest Garou allies of the Kithain are the Fianna.
These Celtic Garou have ties of fealty and blood to all the noble
houses of the fae, as well as many of the commoner kith. A
Fianna elder lives at the court of the Kingdom of Apples, acting
as Queen Mab's advisor on Prodigal affairs.

Kithain and Garou are also bound by what some perceive
to be acommon enemy. The Garou are frequently embroiled in
battle with a group of vicious misshapen mutants called fomori.
It doesn't take most Kithain long to make the leap of logic that
these beings may be their ancient fomorian enemies taken form
in the modern world.

The Garou claim that they are fighting a massive spirit of
destruction known as the Wyrm. The Crystal Circle sage
Malthus has stated he has proof that the Wyrm is the ancient
dream of evil known only as the Dark. His critics say his
evidence is circumstantial at best, and that the Dark was
defeated eons ago. Regardless, the nobility have decreed that if
possible, fomori activity should be observed and reported on.

The Shadow Court has werewolf companions of their own.
The twisted, leprous lupines known as Black Spiral Dancers
have been known to occasionally enter into agreements with
factions of the Shadow Court, performing services such as
assassinations in exchange for fae treasures and magical aid.

The Wendigo and Uktena are much closer to the Nunnehi
Nations than to European fae. This native alliance has caused
more than a little friction between the Uktena and Wendigo
and Fianna. Some Garou of these tribes have been known to
become involved in Kithain politics, as if their own internecine
problems weren't enough.

House Balor is rumored to have mysterious ties with both
the aforementioned fomori and the Black Spirals. This is not
considered common knowledge, and House Balor boasts of
secrets gained from their dark allies they say even the sluagh
don't know. The sluagh, on the other hand, merely smile and
raise a sardonic eyebrow when the Balor start talking.

The most likely place to find fae and Garou living together
is a glen. Such a natural source of Glamour often makes a good
place for a Garou spiritual site, known as a caern. When a new
glen opens, Garou, changelings and mages race to be the first
one to claim it. Often this race can degenerate into a squabble.
Taking the tempers of the Garou into account, fisticuffs can also
break out. Sometimes, though, the fae and Garou share the glen,
the Garou tending the landscape while the fae tend the local
Dreaming.

Fianna

The greatest allies the Kithain have among the Garou are
the Fianna. Bred primarily from Hibernian stock, the Fianna's

network of Kinfolk is so intertwined with changeling blood that
it has been known, though exceedingly rare, for Garou and
Kithain (or at least kinain) children to be born of the same
parents.

The Fianna know more about fae society than any other
Prodigals, with perhaps the exception of some mages. Fianna
bards are often welcomed into fae freeholds, and Kithain are
often in attendance at Fianna moots. This closeness of kin and
attitudes have led some Kithain scholars to believe that the
Fianna were the last Prodigals to leave the fold of fae to join the
Garou.

It is often the Fianna who protect visiting sidhe from the
rage of the Get of Fenris, an act which does not endear the Celtic
wolves to their Nordic cousins. Fianna often speak as Kithain
representatives in negotiations, and advise nobles on the state
of the Garou Nation within their boundaries.

During the Accordance War, the Fianna were split on
whom to support. They had been dealing with the commoners
for centuries, and those ties of loyalties were strong. However,
the old compacts with the sidhe made it hard to openly help the
burgess. In the end, apart from a few skirmishes, they avoided
getting involved in what was felt to be a purely internal fae
matter. Asa result, the commoners no longer are as friendly with
them as they might have been in the past. The sidhe, however,
gladly welcome their ancient allies back into the fold.

Recently, High King David made a pack of Fianna into
provisional Red Branch Knights, and this has caused quite a stir

‘The Kin

The Fianna, like all the tribes of Garou, have an
extensive pool of related humans known as Kinfolk, usu-
ally from the same stock as the tribe. Some know of their
heritage as part Garou, and some don't. Some Kithain had
particular bloodlines of mortals with which they tended to
mix, producing a higher ratio of Kithain and kinain than
usual. The combination of these two heritages in one
family produces a family occasionally referred to as the
Kin.

Only three families bear this mixed blood, and they
have become exceedingly rare in these times. Two come
from Irish/ Celtic stock, and the third is from the Brittany
region of France. Whereas one out of 10 children is Garou
in most Kinfolk families, Kin families are blessed with
three out of 10 births becoming Garou. Of the other seven,
the magic in the blood is so strong that chances are
between one and three will be Kithain, and the rest may
have kinain powers.

The Garou and Kithain coming from these Kin clans
maintain close relations, and it is not unusual for them to
callon each other for aid and protection, their ties of blood
making them a tightly knit community of two disparate
supernatural cultures.

Chapzer One: The Awakened World

\/


in conservative circles. This Prodigal Red Branch pack has been
give the task of rooting out any fae-Wyrm collusion, and has
some powerful faerie treasures to aid it. It is a measure of how
close the Fianna are to the Kithain that they were accorded this
honor.

Get of Fenris

There are probably no other Prodigals who harbor such
hatred for the Kithain, especially the sidhe. These arrogant
Nordic Garou have a blood oath sworn to destroy any sidhe on
sight, and seriously maim anyone found in association with
them. The Fianna, naturally, dislike such attitude, and their
defense of their fae allies and cousins has enraged the Get. Pooka
can't resist pranking people so unrelentingly grim and driven;
the Get find that it takes a lot of pooka pelts for a good cape.

The reason behind the Get's hatred of the sidhe harkens
from long before the Shattering. A group of sidhe in the
northlands lost their horses (how this happened has been lost in
the telling) and were in need of alternate mounts. One day, a
young noble of a forgotten house happened upon a troll discuss-
ing the craft of war with a large half-man half-wolf. The sidhe
watched in amazement as the creature shifted into a huge wolf
and loped off into the forest, followed by the troll.

The sidhe decided that these large wolves would make the
perfect mounts for the snowy country, if they were properly
ensorcelled. He gathered up his host, and they traveled to the
place where this werewolf resided with his pack. Using strange
magics, they subdued the great warriors, and placed them under
geasa to remain faithful and obedient pets for one millennium.

With the coming of the Shattering, the sidhe abandoned
their "pets" and left Earth for Arcadia. The descendants of their
tribemates found them, and when the tale of their thousand-
year bondage was told, the entire tribe swore a blood oath of

revenge. Since then, the Get have been unfriendly at best tothe Qa #&

fae, and homicidal to the sidhe in particular.

Trolls and Nunnehi have been spared from this oath, and
many Get of Fenris hold trolls in high regard for their honor and
fighting ability. For their part, the trolls feel torn between ties of
loyalty to the sidhe, and their sense of shame at their leaders'
actions. The Nordic Garou can occasionally be found talking
about "the Old Country" with the trolls, and engaging in games/
fights of strength.

Nunnehi and The Nacive Trides

The two tribes of Garou native to the continent of North
America, the Uktena and the Wendigo, are closely allied with
the Nunnehi Nations. It is not unknown for Nunnehi and
Garou who share the same totem to run in the same pack
together. Between them, they work to preserve the old ways and
the lands. They share far more in common than not.

The Nunnehi are the only fae, besides the trolls, spared
from the oath of the Get of Fenris. The often-supremacist Get
are hardly tolerant of the Native American fae, but they have
shown a strange reluctance to engage the Nunnehi. Some
observers believe this is due to the protection of the Uktena and

16

Book of Lost Dreams

Wendigo, but a sluagh has made smirking references to a Get
pack being soundly trounced during a fight against a band of
Nunnehi. Conversely, the Fianna tend to treat Nunnehi
changelings as somewhat savage, yet honorable fae, following
the examples of the European fae. This condescending attitude
makes most Nunnehi fume, and tends to irritate their Garou
allies as well.

Crossover Ideas

Kithain and Garou can often be found together; Kithain are
often in need of stalwart companions for adventuring, and
Garou fit the bill very well. Many Garou would feel honored to
join ina long arduous quest that promises adventure and renown
for both parties. The Garou often hold wild revels called moots,
to which the characters could be invited as guests. Ancient
obligations could require a motley to render aid to a pack of
Garou whose ancestors had oaths sworn to them.

Kithain hearing of fomorian activity might approach Ga-
rou to learn more about them, or even to gain allies. A motley
could attract the attention of a Get of Fenris pack or Black Spiral
Dancers, forcing them to seek out allies in other tribes.

A tribe of Garou could claim the characters' glen or
freehold as a caern, forcing them to choose between going to war
with these nine-foot-tall killing-machines, giving up their free-
hold or trying to negotiate some sort of agreement.

Kithain with Fianna or other tribal allies could find them-
selves involved in the constant intertribal squabbling that
makes up Garou society. Even if they choose to stay out of the
arguments, they may find themselves involved simply by asso-
ciation.

Fomori and Fomorians

Garou often speak of the corrupted humans called
fomori that they battle at every turn. The similarity
between these creatures and Balor One-Eye's children is
too striking to discount. Kithain who have had encoun-
ters with these beings, and who have sufficient Gremayre
or Remembrance, are convinced that these are the
fomorians of old, brought into the modern world and more
dangerous than ever.

Currently the nobility is divided on the question of
the fomori. Many prefer to ignore the evidence, pointing
out that the fomorians were creatures of the Dreaming,
and these are closer to Prodigals than to fae. Besides, the
Garou are dealing with the problem. Others think that the
Kithain should be mobilized against this threat.

When asked about the matter, members of House
Balor have assured the other Kithain that these fomori are
a threat only to Prodigals, and are certain that they are not
the ancient enemy. After all, it is Balor's duty to watch for
signs of stirring from the Dark.


»_

H

Pulse of the Invisidle
(Level Three Theurge Gifc)

This Gift allows a Garou to perceive creatures of the
Dreaming (this includes a changeling's fae mien), though he

Crossover Rules
GiFcs

Werewolves have magical powers called Gifts, which are

taught to them by spirits. Many of these abilities can also affect
the Dreaming. These Gifts are generally tuned to the world of
spirit in which a Garou lives, but can overlap with the Dream-
ing. The following are Gifts detailed in Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse that affect changelings and chimera.

Spiric Gard (Level Four Homid Gifc)

This ward extends into the Dreaming and is also proof
against any kind of chimera.

Sense the Unnazural
(Level Tuo Lupus Gifc)

If this Gift is used to detect changelings, the difficulty is 9,
unless the Kithain is actively using an Art, in which case the

difficulty is 7.
Name che Spirit (Level Three Lupus GiFc)

If this Gift is used while the Garou is enchanted, the Garou
can identify chimera. This only works if the chimera is a
recognizable or distinct creature or entity.

must first know what to look for. Generally a Garou who has
never been enchanted will not be able to percieve chimera with
this Gift, unless he was taught by one of the Kithain or another
Garou who has seen chimera. A Garou actively using this Gift
to percieve creatures of the Dreaming is subject to attack by
chimerical means and is affected by cantrips as if he were
enchanted.

Spirit Drain (Level Four Theurge GiFc)

This Gift works on chimera that the Garou can perceive.
Many Kithain take the destruction of benign chimera as an
attack on the Dreaming.

The CDalleadle Spiric
(Level Five Theurge Gifc)

This Gift can be used to affect chimera if the Garou is
enchanted (or using Pulse of the Invisible, above).

és

if

6

=
a
S
Ley

a

Chapzer One: The Awakened World

Spirit Friend
(Level Three Children of Gaia Gifc)

This Gift allows the Garou to perceive creatures of the
Dreaming and interact with chimera. Most benign and neutral
chimera will act friendly to the Garou. Antagonistic chimera
(such as nervosa) are not affected by this Gift.

Faerie Kin (Level Three Fianna Gifc)

When this Gift is used, any changeling within a one-mile
radius feels a mental pull and knows that a Garou is in danger.
Even if he has never encountered a Garou, he feels a nagging
sense that someone is in danger. The changeling may make an
opposed Willpower roll (difficulty 8) to avoid the summons.
Failure means that he must respond to the call for aid by the
quickest means possible. If the Garou botches, however, she
summons the nastiest Unseelie in the area, especially any
nearby Thallain.

WF Np RE WN,

BE a ON RS ET Ra

Changeling-Garou

Kithain souls inhabiting a human or Kinfolk body preclude
the possibility of the First Change. In effect, the changeling's fae
soul blocks the mystic connection to Gaia that all Garou souls
share. Hence, even within a body that has the Garou gene, the
changeling cannot become a Garou. Any changelings who are
also Kinfolk do not suffer from the Delirium, even when wholly
in their mortal seeming.

The Delirium

Changelings who are actively in their fae mien are not
affected by the Delirium.

Ouclooks

I rather like that nice Walks-With-Wind fella. He dropped by the
freehold last night, and played some pretty tunes on that pipe he has.
I've heard tell that his folk can have nasty tempers. Well, he's never
shown it to me. As far as I'm concerned, the Garou are always
welcome at my fire.

— Thom Whittlewood, boggan craftsman

When you walk, I can think of no better companions than those
called Silent Striders. I welcome them upon my journeys with open
hand and heart. A word of warning, though — anger not the Garou.
Once roused, their fury and power is enough to rend stone from its
moorings.

— Maria, eshu talespinner

Figgerfurbing furballs're OK by me. This Glass Walker guy,
name o' Franchise, and me have an arrangement. I keep his car a .
running, he picks up odds and ends for me. Apparently they're an: TT | ge
fighting some kind of war, but hey, so long as it doesn't interrupt Ss ~ po we
business...

— Irving Claybourne, nocker mechanic

Oh, the whole werewolf thing? Apart from the Fianna, I don't
believe in ‘em. However, I know this big doggie who lets me pet him
when I slip him a burger. Kinda fun to have around when they aren' t
bravely going forth to hurl themselves into the maw of something-or-

18 Book of Lost Dreams


other. Oh, yeah, and the coyote-Garou, the New-wash-a — well,
when we get together, woo-hoo!

— Runcible Shaw, pooka at large

Bloody whirls of death is what they are! When they get into it,
they can make one of our parties look like a church supper.

— Jason, redcap wilder

T once spent a week with a pack that resides just outside the city.
They taught me songs of battle, I taught them.... other things. We
faced down and killed some... thing. I don't know what it was, but
it wasn't a chimera, and it nearly ripped one of my arms out of the
socket.

Brave, feral, beautiful. That's the Garou.

— Jesibelle Acturus, satyr musician

The noble shifters have been our allies since time immemorial.
We hold them in highest esteem and honor. It's ashame about the Get,
but perhaps that was... a mistake. I welcome them to my court and
to my home.

— Duke Dray, House Gwydion

Bone Gnawers? No, I have never met one of those. Why do you
ask? I have met other Garou, and I have learned much about them,
but I'm not telling you.

—Hettie One-Eye, sluagh grump

I have fought beside Garou in the moonlight. Their fierce ways
of honor and duty are similar to ours. I hold any I meet in high regard.
They are stalwart companions and powerful allies. Their war is our
war, and only the shortsighted cannot see it.

— Duke Topaz, troll of House Gwydion

Cages

Ages ago, the fae first met humans who could speak words
that formed new Dreams. The power of these mortal Dreamers
frightened many fae, but also fascinated them, and in spite of
themselves, they return again and again to walk with them.

These willworkers of reality are a diverse group, and the
Kithain as a whole have contact with only a few branches. It is
with mages, more than any other supernatural group, that the
different kith have separate relations.

During the Sundering, but before the Shattering, many
fae held themselves aloof from the human magick workers.
The prevailing attitude was that these humans were simply
dabblers, unable to truly touch the Dreaming. When the
Shattering came and Glamour fled, the commoner Kithain
sought any sign of magic in the world. Many of them came
upon mages, also struggling to restore magic to the world.
Many Kithain worked with the mages, and the attitudes of
the past were quickly wiped away. Kithain and mage stood
together against encroaching Banality and other supernatu-
ral foes. Some even pooled their resources, sharing the
mystical energies of freeholds. (A stand against the sorcer-
ous Tremere vampires by a mage/changeling compact is
detailed in Isle of the Mighty.)

Problems arose when a group of mages dedicated to a
paradigm of science and reason triumphed, imposing

We" The Nephandus Connection

4

4

their static view of the world on everyone. With belief in
magic dying, magical power also faded. Mages began to
seek out sources of power, including freeholds. The mages
would drain them of Glamour in order to add to their
own personal meager stores of magic. At first, some
Kithain felt that it was important to support their allies,
and allowed the draining of some smaller freeholds. The
mages became greedy, however, and began seeking out
larger freeholds.

This large-scale Ravaging precipitated the time of
the greatest changeling and mage conflict. The era com-
monly called the Industrial Revolution had just begun.
The mages, feeling that their doom was nigh, marshaled
as many occult forces as they could. This gathering of
resources included taking Glamour from the last few
shared freeholds. The Kithain at this time, already fight-
ing for their own existence, fought back against the
willworkers. Throughout the world, alliances were bro-
ken, freeholds drained, and enchanted mages sent into
madness (which they refer to as Quiet). The greatest
battle raged in the city of Boston, where a motley of trolls
cornered the remnants of an Order of Hermes Chantry.
With spell-breaking artifacts clenched in their horny
fists, they advanced. When the smoke had cleared, one
troll remained standing, and the rest of the participants
had vanished. Word of this conflict spread, and the
mages learned quickly that they were no longer welcome
in Kithain holdings.

The 20th century has seen a rapprochement be-
tween the Tradition mages and the Kithain. With the
renewal of some ancient sources of Glamour, the fae are
slightly less paranoid, but they still keep the locations

Nephandi are those mages who have sold their souls
to dark forces in exchange for magickal might. Many times
they can be found in conference with the Shadow Court.
Even the most hardened Unseelie tend to repress a shud-
der when dealing with these mages; the depths of deprav-
ity to which the Nephandi sink regularly (having no soul
to lose can be liberating that way) have taught a few
Shadow courtiers some new tricks. The lure of such
powerful allies is a difficult siren song to resist, though.

House Ailil is said to have an ancient link to these
evil mages. It is certainly true that members of this house
can tell when a Nephandus is in the immediate vicinity
(within a hundred yards). Whenever a Nephandus is
within one hundred yards of a changeling of House Ailil,
that character's player may make a Perception + Kenning
roll (difficulty 8) to detect the Nephandus' presence.
Whether this shows a taint in Ailil's breast, or is just a
vestigial effect from a long-ago agreement, is unclear.

Chapter One: The Awakened World

{

A
a

ony
ANKE

of freeholds secret from all but their most trusted mage
allies.

When the Resurgence occurred, the sidhe were given
a crash course in mage proficiency. Duke Aeon chal-
lenged a member of the Order of Hermes to a duel, and
His Grace was soundly trounced. Asa result of skirmishes
like this, the sidhe have become very interested in mak-
ing alliances with mages, but are quite wary of the power
they possess.

Perhaps the greatest threat to the fae are the mages
referred to as the Hidden Ones, ideological descendants
of the first merchants of Banality. It is their master plan
to crush the wonder and magic from the world in the
name of "protecting" the masses, leaving it a cold gray
world of antiseptic science. Any who know of the fae
have spared no expense or effort to force them into
slumber. Some groups of these magi have advocated
death by cold iron as the solution to the "changeling
question." The Kithain avoid these banal mages when-
ever possible, but if cornered by one, their only hope is
to throw all their Glamour at the willworker in the hope
of enchanting the mage long enough to escape. It is a
shared hatred of the Hidden Ones, or Technocrats as the
mystic mages refer to them, that often brings Kithain and
mages together.

‘The Tradicions

The nine mystical Traditions of mages are the willworkers
who battle the Hidden Ones' secret agenda of Banality. Some of
these Traditions accept the fae within their views of reality and
have traffic with them. Others are almost as banal as the Hidden
Ones themselves. The following three Traditions have the most
contact with the Kithain.

Verdena

The Verbena, patterned after the old pagan ways, use
nature and blood magic to affect reality. These mystics probably
have the most contact with the Kithain, due to the fact that the
fae are part of their paradigm. Often the Verbena render aid in
exchange for changeling blood (which can be used in several
rituals and spells) or other favors.

Order of Hermes

These formal, "high magic" mages had the most contact
with the sidhe before the Shattering. Now that the nobility has
returned, the Hermetic mages are beside themselves with joy at
this sign of returning magic. It is said one ancient mage actually
giggled and clapped his hands like achild upon hearing the news
that the sidhe had returned. Hermetic mages can be found in
consultation with Kithain sages, or acting as unofficial advisors
to the nobility.

Dreamspeakers

These shaman-mages interact with spirits and magical
creatures on an almost daily basis. As a result, the Kithain find

x 20 Book of Lost Dreams

these mages to be among the least banal. The Dreamspeakers
have many contacts with the Nunnehi and other native faeries,
and occasionally the European fae. Dreamspeakers are the most
likely to seek out the fae to learn their secrets. Many Kithain,
having been burned by mages in the past, are wary of these
mystics' overtures of friendship.

Crossover Ideas

The most common reason for mages and changelings to
interact would be to move against the Hidden Ones. Many
nobles lend support to local mages who are fighting the Hidden
Ones. Mages and changeling also work together when they have
a common goal, such as searching for a powerful artifact.

Mages occasionally find their way into the Dreaming.
Generally, most believe it to be part of the Umbra. Many get
lost, unable to perceive the Silver Path, and need Kithain guides
to help them back to more stable areas.

Mages and Kithain come into conflict over the power of
freeholds. Mages perceive freeholds as storehouses of magickal
energy, which they term Quintessence. Unscrupulous mages
who discover a freehold may drain it of its Glamour, sometimes
extinguishing it permanently. This practice is abhorrent to the
Kithain, and a Reaving mage may find himself hunted by a host
of angry fae when they discover their home destroyed.

When the mad mages known as Marauders appear, they can
disrupt the Dreaming as well as the mundane world, and
changelings may help local mages to corral and neutralize the
threat. However, there are a few Marauders that the fae would
prefer to help... especially those who see changelings as being
more real than humans.

Crossover Rules

Mages affect reality, changing it to fit their vision. The
Near Dreaming often reflects this change. When a mage changes
reality, using subtle or obvious effects, the Dreaming may be
affected as well. A successful Kenning roll (difficulty 8 for vulgar
magick, 9 for coincidental — see Mage: The Ascension) allows
a Kithain to know that a mage used True Magick in the vicinity
(within 10 yards). Three or more successes may determine what
kind of magick was used, and five or more may allow some
gleaning of who performed the magick (i.e., what Tradition or
Convention, and perhaps who it was, if it isa mage known to the
Kithain.)

Marauders, insane mages existing in their own reality, twist
and warp the Dreaming in their wake. Where Marauders pass,
the Dreaming recoils and reforms in grotesque shapes, reflecting
the mad ones' views of reality. Strange chimerical creatures and
artifacts are spawned, and go on rampages of their own. A
changeling may enter the Dreaming to discover that his marble
palace has become a twisted gnarled tree house with grasping
branches and gaping maw mouth, thanks to the passing of a
Marauder.

Extensive use of Dream Craft (see Nobles: The Shining
Host or Dreams and Nightmares) can repair the damage caused

]

V4

a

by a Marauder's passage. Alternatively, the Kithain can seek out v Vy
artifacts or chimera capable of reversing the effects. This might .
be a good seed for a story involving mages and changelings.

Resisting Enchantment

The will and sense of reality of mages is stronger than that
of most people. Therefore, when a changeling is attempting to
enchant a mage, the mage may be able to resist the effect of the
enchantment. To do so requires a Willpower roll for the mage
(difficulty 8). The mage must score one success for each point of
Glamour that the changeling invested in the enchantment
attempt.

Countermagick

Kithain magic and True Magick flow fundamentally from
the same source. As such, mages can attempt to resist the power
of a Kithain's cantrips. The flipside of this is that a Kithain can
use her Glamour to counter a mage's power as well. Doing this
removes a bit of magic from the world, and risks giving the
changeling more Banality.

When a Kithain performs a cantrip that will affect a mage,
the mage can use her Arete to counter the cantrip. The system
for this is to roll the mage's Arete with the difficulty equal to the
highest level of Art being used in the cantrip + 3. This is the
formula regardless of whether the mage is using countermagick,
unweaving or anti-magick.

To resist mage magick, a changeling player must roll her
Glamour against a difficulty of the highest Sphere rating used in
the effect + 4. If successful in countering the effect, the change-
ling receives a point of temporary Banality for having removed
some small bit of magic from the world.

CDagickally Draining Freeholds

Some unscrupulous mages worm their way into a Kithain
motley or court to gain access to a freehold. Others may just
stumble onto one. Either way, the mage may decide to siphon
the Glamour from the area, seeing the freehold as a magickal
Node. Fortunately for changelings, it is highly unlikely that
most mages will find a freehold by accident. The wild nature of
Glamour seems to cloak it from sight, even to the mystical senses
of mages.

To locate a freehold, a mage must first actively examine an
area and must use both Spirit 1 and Prime 1 on the location he
thinks may be a freehold. He then must succeed in an Arete roll
(difficulty 9). A failure indicates that the mage fails to notice the
freehold and sees only the seeming of the place. If he succeeds,
he sees a brief glimpse of the freehold's true nature.

To drain the freehold of its Glamour, the mage must have
Prime 3 or higher. The amount of Quintessence gleaned with-
out destroying the freehold is equal to its level. If the mage
decides, he may drain double the points of Glamour, extinguish-
ing the balefire within the freehold. Any points taken over the
level of the freehold may damage the freehold at the Storyteller's
discretion.

Chapter One: The Awakened World 21

o.
e

e

Js

"

KH
oS,

Cay

a

ay

g,

AWG
Nos

oe,

4

v,

Lx

.

Some courts allow allied mages to siphon Glamour from the
local freeholds, but this is exceedingly rare.

Any changeling witnessing a mage draining a freehold will
retaliate in kind against what any Kithain considers a heinous
act. Some mages attempt to drain Glamour surreptitiously from
a freehold while purporting to be allies to the fae. These mages
walk a fine line, for if their treachery is revealed they will
certainly reap the whirlwind.

Spiric Sphere

The sphere of magick dealing with Spirit is closest to the
Dreaming, touching it in places. Mages who are proficient in
this sphere can use it to perceive and affect the Dreaming.

Any mage with one dot in Spirit can attempt to discover if
someone is Kithain by rolling his Arete (difficulty 7). To
perceive the local Near Dreaming, the mage must roll Arete
(difficulty 8). If the mage wants to scan an area for a Kithain
presence, again, an Arete roll is called for (difficulty 9).

Changeling-CDagi
Changelings cannot use True Magick, because the fae soul

inhabiting the changeling's body has forced the human's Avatar
into permanent slumber, making it impossible for it to Awaken.

Book of Lost Dreams

(Awareness

A mage who has encountered the fae in the past may sense
their presence with an Awareness roll (difficulty 9).

Ouclooks

Wizards? Never met one. I hear their Arts are pretty wild, but
I'm just as happy not having to deal with another complication in my
life. Now move your feet, I have to sweep here.

— Gareth Toadstool, boggan restaurant owner

Once I sat with a Dreamspeaker at his fire. He called the spirits ,
and we shared stories of the first dawn. The Dreamspeakers and
Verbena have been our allies for centuries. I respect them, but always
keep in mind the mistakes of the past.

— Maria, eshu talespinner

Sons of Ether — heh! Weird science! These guys are like mad
scientists — they have the coolest gadgets, and their journals are a
hoot! The one I've met, he's a riot. A little cracked, yeah, but ain't
we all? I'd never let one of ‘em touch my car, though.

— Irving Claybourne, nocker mechanic

Once, I was chatting with amage. He was all decked out in white
robes, long gnarled staff, thick white beard. It was cool. Uh, then he
tried to eat me. So, generally, I don't hang out with them. Oh, and
steer waaaay clear of the ones in suits!

— Runcible Shaw, carrot eater

LI oD aD ia


4 f
la *
, Don't know a whole lot about ‘em to be honest. They bleed just
like anyone else, though!
— Derek, redcap gang member

Mages. Heh, three words — Cult. Of. Ecstasy. I never thought
anyone could out-party me, but these guys managed it. Come to think
of it, if it wasn't for the fact that I didn't seem to lose any Glamour,
I would've sworn they Ravaged me. Doesn't matter, though. It was
worth it.

— Phillipe le Noir, satyr entertainer

The magi have honed their skills since we left. They are powerful
and inscrutable. In our absence they took much Glamour from our
freeholds, and that makes me leery of trusting them. They fight the
Hidden Ones, and in that I will aid them, but I am still cautious of
allowing them into my home.

— Queen Mab, House Fiona

I like the Euthanatos. The death-mages have a sense of style
(besides scaring the willies out of the sidhe). Many mages have
extensive libraries, and that makes them allies and contacts worth
having. Don't forget about the betrayals of the past, though.

— Heather, sluagh Goth

The mages are a force for magic in the world. In that we support
them. The mages hunger for power. In that we oppose them. Some
have more honor than others do. I would trust many of those in the
Verbena, Dreamspeaker and Akashic Traditions. The other Tradi-
tions I see as sometimes useful, yet untrustworthy companions.

— Duke Topaz, troll of House Gwydion

Sea ee nn eet REN ape Set ceetet crete meme gs

CUraichs

The Kithain have the least contact with the spirits of the
deceased referred to as the Restless Dead. For many reasons,
most changelings shun wraiths. It's one thing to talk to a
vampire, a werewolf or a wizard, but ghosts are often another
matter entirely with the fae.

Many sidhe are terrified of anything relating to death. They
see wraiths as uncomfortable reminders that humans may con-
tinue past death, but no one knows what happens when a sidhe
dies. Many commoners are superstitious and remember the old
stories about ghostly visitations, often seeing them as bad luck.

Childlings are divided. Ghost stories told at sleepovers with
the flashlight are fun; real ghosts are not. Some see wraiths as
cool, if incorporeal, friends. As changelings advance in years,
some begin to lose their earlier ease around wraiths, and "Casper"
suddenly becomes an extra from The Frighteners. A wraith may
befriend a childling, only to lose that friend as the childling
grows up and finds it really disturbing that his otherworldly

friend can make the walls drip blood. Some wraith fall into such
despair over the loss that they decide to make their former
friends' lives hell with ghostly pranking (which is often fright-
fully malicious).

The Restless Dead are in a constant struggle to resolve the
ties that bind them to the twilight zone between the world of the
living, and the great Beyond. It is searching for a way to preserve
these chains, or Fetters (see Wraith: The Oblivion), that makes

Chapcer One: The Awakened World

ra)
&

Ww

SN
Ney


&

OX

ae,

a wraith seek out living allies who can help them finish their
business. To make matters worse, wraiths must also deal with the
threat of their darker sides taking over and wreaking havoc. This
Shadow, as it is called, can manifest at inopportune times, and
many changelings often do not know when or why their wraithly
acquaintance's personality changes at the drop of a hat.
Sluagh have the greatest contact with the Restless Dead.
They can see and interact with wraiths more easily than virtu-
ally any other supernatural creature on Earth. This ability is
believed to date back to an agreement between the spirits of the
dead and the sluagh. It is said that there was once a man by the
name of Glam, who was kinain to the sluagh, although only his
soft-spoken voice pointed to it. One day, Glam was walking the
ramparts of his city when a hue and cry was raised from the gate.

Glam rushed down, and was told a shambling creature ap-

proached the city, the stench of death heavy upon it. Glam
strapped on his silver buckler and heavy sword, then ran to meet
this creature. When he came upon it, he stopped in his tracks.
It had the shape of a man, yet was white as a sheet. Upon its head
was a grievous wound that must have been fatal. Glam was
prepared to fight the undead creature, but it spoke to him words
of peace, explaining that it was a spirit of the dead, returned to
its body and risen from the grave to avenge its murder.

Glam listened to the creature and stayed his hand. He felt
compassion for the dead man, and instead of attacking, swore to
aid him in the bringing justice against the murderer.

Glam and the dead man traveled to the village where the
murderer, a common footpad, lived. There they found him
playing dice and drinking. When the thief saw the man he had
left for dead approach, he died of fright in the middle of his
games. Glam, disappointed that there would be no fight, asked
the dead man if there wwas anything else he could do.

The dead man answered that he had fulfilled his task, but
many spirits of the dead needed help in fulfilling theirs. Many of
them needed a pair of hands in the waking world, and Glam and
his kin would do his kind a great service if they would aid these
spirits. Glam agreed.

Before the dead man sank into the Beyond, he cast a spell
upon Glam. The spell affected all who shared Glam's blood, and
allowed them to see and speak with the spirits of the dead who
remained bound to the Earth. It was this gift Glam passed to his
sluagh kin, and this is why they can see the dead to this day.

The wraiths who tend to cross paths with the Kithain most
are usually members of the wraithly Guilds known as Sandmen,
a few of those called Chanteurs, and to a lesser extent, those
called Haunters. The Sandmen enter the dreams of the living
and bring them into the realms of the dead, using the power of
dreams to create illusions and effects. Chanteurs' powers are
focused through their ghostly songs, which has caused many a
changeling to believe they are banshees. The Haunters are
ghosts who harass the living, using their power to affect the
living world.

24 Book of Losc Dreams


>
ic

Sandmen

The Kithain have many stories that speak of the dead
stealing the dreams of the living. Many of these stories may be
based upon the actions of the Sandmen. These wraiths use a
ghostly power called Phantasm (see Wraith: The Oblivion) to
affect the dreams of the sleeping. This power has a definite effect
upon changelings who are, after all, creatures of dreams. If a
Sandman is patronizing a Kithain's Dreamer, the difficulty for
all rolls for Reverie or Ravaging is increased by three. This effect
does not dampen the Dreamer's creativity (unless the wraith is
scaring the mortal into not creating for some reason). It simply
makes the dreams where Glamour is formed less accessible.
Three successes on a Kenning roll (difficulty 8) allows the
changeling to realize that something is tampering with the
Dreamer's dreams. A successful Gremayre or the proper Lore roll
(difficulty 7) allows the character to know that the intruder is a
wraith.

The Kithain must then decide how to deal with the situa-
tion, assuming he doesn't simply abandon the Dreamer. The
safest means of dealing with the problem is generally to acquire
the services of a sluagh who can communicate with the wraith.
A much more dangerous proposition is for the changeling to
attempt to draw the Sandman into his own dreams for a more
equal footing.

Crossover Ideas

The Kithain, with the exception of the sluagh, tend to shun
the Restless Dead. Most stories involving changeling-wraith
interaction concern a wraith who had ties toa changeling before
her death. The other most common means by which a change-
ling may come into contact with a wraith is if a Sandman is
marauding one of his Dreamers.

Crossover Rules

Slaugh Perceptions

In order to see a wraith, a sluagh must make a Perception +
Kenning roll (difficulty 9). To hear a wraith, the character must
spend a point of Glamour.

Keening

Keening is the wraith power to create emotions within a
target. Changelings are affected by this power more easily than
most. Any Keening roll made against a changeling has its
difficulty reduced by one. A changeling and a wraith can work
in unison to enhance the creation of Glamour from a Dreamer.

G

difficulty for Reverie or Ravaging is reduced by one.

Pandemonium

The effects of this wraithly power often extend into the
Near Dreaming. The chimerical effects created by the use of this
power can be quite disturbing, not to mention dangerous, to any
Kithain in the vicinity.

Ouclooks

(Gulp) G-ghost? Nope, never seen one and hope I never do. Ask
a sluagh. I have, uh, somewhere else to be.

— Gareth Toadstool, boggan restaurant owner

The Restless Dead seek a way to leave their lives behind. Many
simply need a helping hand, and it behooves us to aid those who ask
politely.

— Maria, eshu talespinner

Ghosts, wraiths, spooks, whatever the momzers are called, I
don't care. I ain't never seen one, and | probably never will. I hear
they're all over the sluagh like flies on shite though.

— Irving Claybourne, nocker mechanic

Ooooh.... White sheet over the head and lots of bemoaning their
deadness. Booo-ring. There are a few who enjoy a good prank, and
they ain't so bad. On the other hand they also taste like strawberries.

— Runcible Shaw, lover of strawberries

One thing's for sure, ya can't bite ‘em.

— Gort, redcap childling

Clammy hands rising from the grave to steal our dreams?
(shudder) No, no — wraiths freak me out.

— Phillipe le Noir, satyr entertainer

I'd rather not discuss it. They're manifestations beyond our
understanding. No one knows what is beyond death. No, I'd really
rather not discuss it.

— Baron Edgewick, sidhe scholar

The arrangements between ourselves and the wraiths are not
matters for public discussion — you do understand, of course? I have
found few ways more satisfying and easy to get rid of unwanted
company than to simply strike up a conversation with the ghost who' s
sitting just behind his shoulder.

— Elspeth Danvers, sluagh keeper of antiquities

The Restless Dead chill even my bones. I tend to stay away from
them. Some, however, are warriors who need to settle debts of honor.
These spirits I would aid.

— Graeme Thornshield, troll warrior

Chapcer One: The Awakened World

15

PS
a
Si
Sy
a;
wy
a
Ky

mS

(=
iS
©
S

LS

~~

Mn *

PUILLes ‘97


An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.

— George Santayana

Canzrips

Casting cantrips is beyond a doubt one of the most difficult
aspects of playing Changeling. Especially if you are using the
advanced rules, there can be a lot of steps and numbers involved,
which often works against Storytelling and leads to endless number-
crunching. Experienced Storytellers quickly learn to use the aspects
of the rules that they like and ditch the rest, hopefully integrating
cantrip casting as seamlessly as possible into the action. The follow-
ing section provides some tips for making cantrip casting easier as
well as clarifying some of the more vague sections in the rules.

Bunks

What exactly is a Bunk? Bunks are the means by which
changelings are able to invoke Glamour to do their bidding.
They are a changeling's means of contacting the Dreaming, if
only for a brief instant, to create a wondrous effect. Glamour
may still be needed, but without a Bunk a changeling may find
it hard to coax the Glamour to do as he desires.

The types of Bunks that a changeling may perform are as
various as changelings themselves. The Bunks a changeling
works tend to be unique to herself, and there are those who
believe that using the same Bunk too many times can cause it to
become tainted with Banality and eventually become useless.
Because of this, most changelings attempt to create their own
personalized Bunks for casting cantrips rather than copying
others, and even then they try to vary them as much as possible.

Ultimately a Bunk can be anything — whistling a tune,

Opzional Rule: Banal Bunks

This optional rule forces players to constantly come up with
new Bunks for their characters, rather than allowing them to fall
into using the same old Bunk over and over again. Anytime a
changeling uses the same Bunk more than once in the same day,
the Storyteller can rule that the Bunk has become tinged with
Banality and therefore less effective. Thus, a Bunk that had been
considered to be a level-three Bunk would now become a level
two. This degradation can continue until the Bunk no longer has
any effect at all. Bunks that have been reduced in this way should
have their value restored at a rate of one level per day. For
example, a Bunk that the Storyteller originally rules to be a level
three is used four times in one game day by a character and so is
reduced to nothing. The next game day, the Bunk should be
considered to be restored to level one, the following day to level
two, and finally on the third day back to level three. Ultimately
the rate at which a Bunk degrades in value is up to the Storyteller.
The one level per extra use is simply a guideline. Storytellers who
wish to force their players into making up new Bunks may rule
that a Bunk can only be used once per game day — or even only
once ever!

Some Storytellers may find the above system too cumber-
some, what with having to keep track of how many days have
passed till the Bunk can be used again at full strength. Alterna-
tively, the Storyteller can simply rule that when acharacter uses
the same Bunk too often he gains a temporary point of Banality.
Of course, how often is too often is entirely up to the Storyteller.

Chapter Two: Cancrip Confusion


reciting a rhyme, dancing a jig, writing an essay, rolling dice,
picking your nose and making a chalk drawing are all examples
of possible Bunks.

Even though Bunks are a game mechanic, they can still be
fun. Creating new Bunks for characters to use and coming up
with them on the fly during the course of an adventure can add
a lot of fun and excitement toa story. When creating a Bunk, try
to avoid min-maxing to create the optimum level (and diffi-
culty) to for the cantrip being cast, but instead focus on the
appropriateness of the Bunk. Three elements go into what type
of Bunk is suitable for a given cantrip:

1) The Art being used is probably the primary concern
when creating a Bunk. Some types of Bunks are appropriate for
certain Arts, while others just aren't. For example, laying a
Tarot spread is certainly appropriate for a cantrip involving
Soothsay (and possibly even Chicanery), but it wouldn't be for
Wayfare.

2) The character casting the Bunk can also have an
influence in the type of Bunk created. While a pooka might sing
silly songs or stick out his tongue at a passerby, a sidhe knight
would be much more likely to make a grand gesture or pick the
petals offa rose, anda troll would most certainly never be caught
crossing his eyes and making a moose salute.

3) The situation in which the cantrip is being cast often has
a strong impact on the nature of the Bunk. Certain social
situations often make it impossible to perform a Bunk that may
be perfect in a more secluded setting. Time is also an important
factor when coming up with a Bunk. If you have all the time in
the world, you can put as much creativity and complexity as you
wish into a Bunk (some nocker grumps have been known to
create the most intricate objects as foci for their Bunk). How-
ever, if your friend the pooka is about to be torn limb from limb
by a ravenous Black Spiral Dancer, then you may not have the
time to create a whooziwhatsit or make an elaborate painting.
The time to act is now, and you'd best do something fast if you
want to save your friend's life!

(A

XZ

O

Cxamples of Bunks

The following are some examples of Bunks that characters
may use when casting cantrips. This is by no means a definitive
list, and players and Storytellers should be as creative as possible
when coming up with new ideas for cantrips. This list is just to
get you started.

Chicanery

Chicanery Bunks are sometimes physical in nature (hand
gestures or the manipulation of an object), but are more often
verbal. Possibilities include:

— Waggle your finger at someone. (Level One)

— Sing a verse of a song backward. (Level Two)

— Quote a monologue. (Level Two to Level Five)

— Whistle an entire song. (Level Four)

— Recite the target's lineage back five generations (Level

Five)

Book of Losc Dreams

a
LW

NX

a\

Cw

Ro gn ge >= > >— >— —— > - yt

Bunk Levels

There are two important factors in determining the
level of a Bunk: the amount of time taken to perform the
Bunk and the creativity of the Bunk. Most often the level
of the Bunk is determined by how much time is invested.
Level-one Bunks can almost always be performed in the
same turn as the cantrip is cast without any ill effects. In
most cases, performing a level-two or greater Bunk in the
same turn as casting requires the character to split his Dice
Pool as if he were taking multiple actions in the same turn
(which he in effect is). Because of the Dice Pool splitting
required for casting higher level Bunks, most changelings
prefer to perform only level-one Bunks in combat situa-
tions, unless the opponent's Banality is just too high
(requiring a higher level Bunk).

The only other means of getting a higher level Bunk
without taking the extra time or splitting pools is to come
up with a particularly creative or innovative Bunk. Sto-
rytellers should always feel free to award players who come
up with extremely clever (and appropriate) Bunks by
increasing the level of the Bunk. In order to be granted
such an award, the Bunk should meet all of the factors for
creating a Bunk as described above.

Ledgerdemain

Bunks for this Art are almost always physical gestures or
actions. Possibilities include:

— Pull your earlobe three times (Level One)

— Dance around the target of the cantrip. (Level Two)

— Hold your breath for 10 seconds (Level Three)

— Perform a magic trick (Level Four to Level Five)

— Make an origami dragon and throw it at your target
(Level Five)

Primal

Primal Bunks almost always involve natural objects or
substances used in a ritualistic manner. Possibilities include:

— Shower your target in flower petals. (Level One)

— Rub a lotion made with clover on your subject (Level
Two)

— Inflict a wound on yourself and drip the blood on your
subject (Level Three)

— Burn mushrooms and inhale the smoke (Level Four)

— Make willowbark tea and drink it. (Level Five)
Soochsay

Soothsay Bunks often involve some sort of divination
ritual. Possibilities include:

— Roll some dice. (Level One)
— Break a mirror and examine the shards. (Level Two)

— Cut yourself and sprinkle the blood on the ground.
(Level Three)

Lo

Py)

— Draw a picture of your subject. (Level Four to Five)
— Lay a full Celtic cross tarot spread. (Level Five)

(Uaufare

Wayfare Bunks tend to be physical actions. Possibilities
include:

a,
&
=

(S

Sovereign

Sovereign Bunks usually include some sort of grand gesture
or proclamation. Possibilities include:

— Stamp your foot three times fast. (Level One)

— Jump up and down and spin in a circle. (Level Two)

— Make a wide, sweeping gesture with your arms. (Level — Draw a circle on the ground and then stand in it. (Level
One) Three)

— Ring a gong three times. (Level Two) — Draw a doorway on a wall. (Level Three to Five)

—Recite your lineage back five generations. (Level Three)

— Present your subject(s) with a gift. (Level Four)
— Make an oath. (Level Five)

— Leap off a cliff while flapping your arms... and hope the
cantrip works. (Level Five)

iS

=)

Chapter Two: Canzrip Confusion


my aaceerey: Nee

SeaTac ot ed y am

33
oaasieaceens. 2:
sot assgy ebeeoaessees reaenaeae
Essuke Ete hit

seta i?

ah. Rrar essai ets

Sida thesaenpey

<3 ah Bsriteee Pits ites
: mS

es

le ‘
eeptebetsenatgrns: ees . SIS SS Se
PH Hess Soa emma


N= 4
®
<A

a

44s

‘

y

=

UR

Ww

Everbody knows we live in a world where they
give bad names to beautiful things.

Everybody knows we live in a world where we don't
give beautiful things a second glance.
Heaven only knows we live in a world where what

we call beautiful is just something on sale.
People laughing behind their hands as the fragile
and sensitive are given no chance.

— Marillion, "Beautiful"

This chapter is full of information to help a Storyteller mundanity as components of their lives. In fact, Banality and
create a chronicle and tell a story. Much of this information is | Glamourare both integral parts of their being, and their appear-
simply expanding that which you can already find in Change- ances reflect this. Changelings have two appearances: an out-
ling: The Dreaming second edition, though some of it is | ward, obvious mortal form and a second, hidden faerie form.

entirely new.
The CDorcal Seeming
Seeming VS. C)ien A changeling's mortal seeming shows everything that is

mundane about him. It allows him to interact with the so-called
The concept of how a changeling appears to himself andto "normal" world without attracting too much attention. A fae's
others (mortals and supernaturals) is perhaps one of the most mortal guise reflects her true nature. For instance, a troll hero
complex in Changeling. The concept of the mortal seeming and may masquerade as a tall, stoic man tinged by sadness. A well-
the fae mien are discussed at length in the core rulebook, but it esteemed boggan might appear to everyday people as a short,
seemed that some further explanation could not hurt. The plump woman with a cheerful disposition. Even a redcap with
following section goes into further detail regarding the differ- flaming red hair, facial tattoos and an intricate pattern of screws
ences between the seeming and the mien and how it all works. affixed in her forehead might prefer to appear as a acne-scarred
Changelings live in two worlds: the banal and the Glam- _hellraiser with dishwater blonde hair and a few piercings. By
ourous. To the mundane world, they appear as typical, albeit walking about in mortal guise, the fae find it easier to interact
eccentric, people. Behind this facade, they lead lives guided by _ with mortal society and hide from the tides of Banality.
magic and mystery. Kithain have to accept both magic and

Chapzer Three: Advanced Scorycellong


The Fae CDien ae . oe

Most people with changeling blood don't realize they carry
such until the day that they awaken to their faerie heritage. The
mortal seeming is developed first; the fae is blissfully unaware of
her true self during this time. When the faerie spirit awakens,
the changeling undergoes a process known as the Chrysalis.
Newly awakened changelings are suddenly aware of the magic
around them and soon understand the dangers of mundanity.
The world instantly becomes a much larger place. Behind the
reality lies the Dreaming.

SSIES

oD

After the Chrysalis, changelings can sense the hidden
world of the fae. A playground might actually be acourt of young
faeries. A sewer tunnel can lead to an underground kingdom. A
homeless man in an alleyway might be a wandering knight
resting from his quest. It's all a matter of perception, of seeing the
imaginary hidden behind the real.

GOSH

In the same manner, the essence of a changeling hides
behind his mortal seeming. Faeries walk in the midst of human
society, but they hide their true selves. Fae can sense — or ken
— the faerie appearances hidden behind mortal disguises. This
hidden appearance is known as the fae mien. By kenning the
souls of other fae, a changeling can spot her brethren.

a,

Dropping che CDask

As with real life, the boundary between the fantastic and
the realistic is an important one. Separating the mortal seeming
from the fae mien is one of the more unusual parts of playing a
character in this game. For players who want more detail, here's
a few rules to help you distinguish them.

TAXOY
AS Ors)

Changelings hide their true identity from most mortals, but
not from each other. Kenning another fae has a few unusual
complications. If a changeling's Glamour is higher than her
Banality, her fae mien is pretty obvious to other fae. No roll is
necessary to see a changeling's faerie mien.

ISK

VS
O
WA
= If the changeling's Glamour drops below her Banality
yy rating, other changelings see her appearance slowly fade behind
\ her mortal seeming. Older fae refer to this as the retrorse. Once
A it occurs, it's harder to see the fae mien behind the mortal facade.
As More specifically, a player must roll Perception + Kenning

| ommend
A (difficulty 6) for the changeling to see the fae mien, though the
Kn fact that the person is a changeling is still readily apparent.
(A

ome

There is no shapeshifting involved; it's all a matter of percep-
\
)
i

tion.

» A Doubdle Life
(A Why do changelings need to distinguish between the

=) mortal seeming and the faerie mien? The answer is simple: many
‘Sy of them lead double lives. One life is among mortals; the other
NN is among fae. The mortal seeming is the identity a changeling
J has grown up with. It allows him to continue his life as he

») matures, if he so chooses. Fae can continue to go to school, hold

(Z
down jobs, and fulfill all the normal, and sometimes necessary,

‘Ss

A obligations of mortal society.
.
A 32
2 AN eee > gn gm ima gn aan WD OL —— VA

Book of Lost Dreams

RK

A CDaccer of Perception

Who can see a changeling? And if they can be seen,
what is seen?

Mortals

Under all normal circumstances, the fae mien is
invisible to mortals. Mortals always see a changeling's
mortal seeming unless they are enchanted or the change-
ling has called upon the Wyrd.

Other Changelings

As long as the changeling's permanent Glamour is
higher than her permanent Banality, other changelings
see her fae mien without difficulty. If her permanent
Banality is higher, it will take a Perception + Kenning roll
(difficulty 6) for other changelings to see her fae mien. The
fact that she is a changeling is not missed by other
changelings.

If she has temporarily forgotten her fae nature (say
from having been killed by chimerical damage), another
changeling must make a Perception + Kenning roll (diffi-
culty 8) to even sense that she is a changeling. The
difficulty for this increases to 10 to determine her kith.

Other Supernaturals

Many supernatural beings have different means by
which they can sense changelings or even see their fae
miens (many of these methods are described in Chapter
One). However, unless a supernatural (vampire, wraith,
werewolf or mage) is employing one of these methods, the
supernatural always sees a changeling's mortal seeming
(unless the supernatural is enchanted or the changeling

Calls Upon the Wyrd, of course).

However, there is always the temptation of the second life.
The lure of the Seelie and Unseelie Courts is a powerful
temptation. There's court intrigue, adventures on the open
road, romance with other fae, and even chances to encounter
other supernatural beings. Balancing these two lives can be-
come so difficult that some fae retreat completely from the
mortal world. They might choose to associate only with other
fae or perhaps never set foot outside a faerie freehold. Even when
this choice is made, the mortal seeming is necessary for hiding
in the midst of humans

Banalizy Revisiced

Some of the following material has already been printed in
The Autumn People, but it seemed useful to reprint it here. A
Banality chart has been added to help give players, and Story-
tellers, an idea of just what those numbers mean.

CUhaz Do the Numders CDean?

If you're the sort of person who thinks that taking on
Banality is actually a good strategy for achangeling (after all, you
can use it as protection from cantrips and other fae attacks), the

Chapter Three: Advanced Storyctellong 33

TOON


\

a

cj

vA

\
v

>

4
4

og,

On,

GON

ne
IS

SAS

'
Nn

following guidelines are provided to help you roleplay your
character's slow decline. Enjoy.

Banality of Five

For human adults, this is borderline insanity. Mortals in
this frame of mind may have invisible friends, believe in con-
spiracy theories, live in elaborate delusions, or fall prey to
rampant paranoia and take precautions against secret societies
living in their midst. Getting a job as an occult investigator for
a tabloid newspaper or selling bottles of holy water downtown
in your off-hours are two good career moves. Be careful, though,
or you'll wind up in an asylum. Briefly seeing (and misunder-
standing) elements of the Dreaming is a faint possibility.

For human children, this is borderline maturity. You can
still grow up to be the President of the United States, become an
astronaut or go to Harvard someday. Being nine years old isn't
really that bad, except when you have to go to school.

Among the Kithain, this is the Banality of an extremely
open-minded grump. Most grumps don't keep this state of grace
for long. Although this frame of mind is extremely dull by faerie
standards, the individual nonetheless believes himself to be the
reincarnation of a being from a magical race that regularly
interacts with a dimension of imaginary people and objects. He
willnot, however, play "Ring Around the Rosie" without at least
some prompting.

Book of Lost Dreams

Banality of Six

In human society, this is the state of mind of a creative
artist. She is poised between the mundane concerns of day-to-
day life and the maddening call of her muse. Maintaining this
frame of mind can be difficult. Under the right conditions, an
artist can create beautiful works of art and find truthful revela-
tions. Seeing chimerical objects, however, is out of the question
without enchantment.

For achangeling who is slowly going mundane, there is still
hope at this stage. The changeling may feel the need to spend
more time around mundanes at this level of Banality. She might
hang out a lot at an art school, beg for change on the streets,
follow a band or medieval recreation group across the country,
or just generally spend a great deal of time with Glamorous
mortals trying to induce Reverie. If she doesn't act quickly, she
may find her task slowly becoming more difficult.

Banality of Seven

This is the state of mind of the average mortal: practical,
sensible and cautious. This type of person keeps plenty of food
in the fridge, cleans his apartment once a week, and rarely stays
up past midnight. For more inspiration on this kind of behavior,
watch an evening of prime time television or spend an afternoon
doing housework.

A changeling at this level of Banality finds the concerns of
the mundane world more pressing than the needs of the Dream-


MP ALL EL ILO LL LLL EEL LARD INGE IIINLAPLOT A
aes COG NN

ARERR RE F

ao NARA

Sak An eR AEN SORIA RNRIR

| Ye

£

SAseeaa

FP wkadoucen
s

Soa ANNE st

Nw

"ASAE

ing. Any call to adventure requires him to first make cautious
plans and question how it will affect his mundane life. Any
adventurous course of action seems somewhat foolish at first.

Unseelie are better able to resist Banality than Seelie. One
welcome distraction is the diversion of the Shadow Court. Mem-
bers of the Court at this level become more concerned with the
trivial details than the problems outside their social circle. They
are muckrakers who traffic in gossip and try to deny their own
Banality by rooting out despair and failure in those around them.
They also become powerful Ravagers, but they play a dangerous
game, risking their hearts and souls for the sake of raw power.

Banality of Eight

This is the frame of mind of a Heavy Sleeper or a weak
Autumn Person. Truly banal people resist despair and mistrust
by becoming obsessive and anal. Anyone who does not share
these traits is a threat to them.

Seelie handle this sickening of the spirit somewhat differ-
ently. Tearing oneself away from regret and despair is difficult,
although the changeling is painfully aware of what is happening
to her. Finding the energy to go out and truly live becomes
difficult. It's so much safer to just stay at home. She still trusts the
guidance of her friends, but she requires their leadership to help
her clear the cobwebs from her mind.

Unseelie find other diversions as their hearts harden. At
this stage, mundane Unseelie either elevate themselves to

higher positions in the Shadow Court and increase their addic-
tion, or tear themselves away from it completely. Rogues who
isolate themselves from the Court (or are rejected from it) begin
to spiral into epic fests of Ravaging in a desperate attempt to
either stave off spiritual decay or lessen the pain by inducing

Bedlam.

The difficulty for any roll involving an Epiphany is in-
creased by one for characters who have achieved this level of
Banality.

Banality of Nine

This is the mental state of an Autumn Person. Faeries find
that prolonged exposure to this type of individual can actually
be physically painful. For more ideas on how to be truly banal,
ride across the country in a bus for three days while making 10
minute stops in small towns along the way. (Legal consider-
ations prevent us from naming a suitable bus line for this
enterprise, but the reader should be able to find one.)

A changeling at this level of Banality begins to forget the
more Glamourous details of her past. As her temporary Banality
continues to increase, more and more memories of her faerie life
disappear. The fae forgets the names of kith allies and the
location of freeholds. Her fae mien resembles her mundane
seeming almost exactly. Understanding or even seeing elements
of the Dreaming is difficult (+2 difficulty to all Kenning,
Gremayre and Remembrance rolls).

an

Chapter Three: Advanced Scorytellong 3


A

nS
4 , ®,
Ms

Q
4

:
2

f

sano

Banality of Ten

Humans at this state of Banality lose most of their emo-
tions. They are oblivious to the joys of life and gain an inscru-
table affinity to tedious things. Childhood has been forgotten,
love is an impossibility, and only the stupor of intoxication can
offer a temporary surcease from the depths of sorrow.

A changeling who gains 10 points of Permanent Banality is
in severe risk of being Undone. See below for further details on

this.

‘The Undoing

She is gone. Without a trace. Like a snowflake in the palm of my
hand, the Glamour that infused her and made her what she was....
is gone.

— Sir Liam Wormwood, sidhe knight, lamenting his lover
lost to Banality

If becoming Dauntain could be considered a fate worse than
death, then the Undoing is a fate even worse than that. The
Kithain who experiences this simply ceases to exist, as if she
never were. This is almost always the final fate of Dauntain as
they plunge deeper and deeper into a well of Banality.

Succumbing to the Undoing is what many Kithain fear the
most, for it is this fate which almost all fae must one day face.
Those who succumb are the truly tragic, as their story ends not

36

Book of Losc Dreams

with a bang, but with a whimper. There is no heroic death, no
noble sacrifice to save the kingdom.

There are actually two different magnitudes of this phe-
nomenon. The first is simply what happens when a Kithain
temporarily forgets who and what she is. This state usually passes
when the changeling is once more exposed to Glamour. She
experiences a form of "second Chrysalis" as her memories rush
back to her, awakening her senses to the beauty that was hidden
from her only moments before. Yes, the Mists are a danger to
even the Kithain. At times fae retreat into their mortal seemings
to avoid danger from chimera, only to find if they do this too
often, the Mists hoodwink them, and they can't return to what

they left behind.

Admittedly, even when Kithain are "normal," they aren't
normal. After all, Kithain who have forgotten themselves often
have anagging feeling that something simply isn't right with the
world, or themselves. They feel incomplete and unable to fill the
void they know is there. Some Kithain write notes and letters to
themselves in the hopes that they can remind themselves of
what they are, and perhaps nudge themselves back into their
true selves.

Too bad such a noble purpose can so often be such a tragic
failure. This technique of reminding is a painful lesson; rarely is
the desired result achieved. More often, the Kithain tosses the
note aside in favor of something more important, passing it off

ESIISSSSSISSNSS INES MES IESMSSNSSNSSIE

as silly or meaningless. Perhaps it only increases the longing to
fill chat deep, cold void within his soul. Maybe he thinks it
makes a good premise for a fantasy story.

The fate of almost all Kithain is to one day suffer complete
forgetfulness. They are Undone by Banality's caress, lost forever,
their souls cast to uncaring winds. These are the Kithain who have
somehow become so saturated by Banality that their fae natures
simply cannot withstand the burden placed upon them. When
Kithain come upon a changeling who has been Undone, it is often
far more painful for them than seeing a dead companion.

Imagine, if you will, meeting an old, dear friend. A friend
with whom you have shared many a story, joke or drink. Your
friend not only does not recognize you, but remembers nothing

of your common past. This is a terrible loss, and not only for
those who see the result. Imagine what it would be like to simply
cease to exist? It isn't exactly a comforting thought, yet this is
what fae risk simply by living.

In most cases the transition is not instant. Indeed, it takes
some time for the Kithain to fully fade into her mortal seeming.
In fact, if one is watching for it, the change can be caught while
it's happening. Asa true Kithain, Seelie or Unseelie, any should
be willing to help the failing one before she is lost forever, or
even for a little while. Each Kithain lost is yet another bit of
Glamour lost. This should not be allowed, yet all too often it is.
Sometimes the slide cannot be stopped, others it is not noticed.
Sometimes, sadly, those who see do not care enough to stop it.

The Fading

There are many ways that a character can be lost to Banality. The following section tries to explain some of these as well
as the means of rescuing the character from this near death.

Voluntary Retreat:

A changeling may choose to voluntarily retreat to her mortal seeming. Any character who takes this route automatically
receives a temporary point of Banality. If the character's temporary Banality is higher than her Glamour, the attempt is
automatic. The Kithain is now effectively mortal and cannot interact with things of the Dreaming.

If the character's Glamour is higher than Banality, the player must roll her character's Willpower against a difficulty equal
to her current Glamour. If this roll is successful, then the Kithain has successfully retreated.

Once the Kithain has retreated, she gets one chance to attempt to return to her fae nature on her own. This is
accomplished by rolling her Willpower or her Glamour (whichever is higher) against her current Banality. If she gets at least
one success, she assumes her mien again. If it fails, she is trapped in her seeming. To determine the length of time she is trapped
in her seeming use the Mists Chart as mentioned above. Alternatively, the character can be freed from Banality by exposure
to Glamour.

Banality Higher than Glamour:

The Kithain is in danger of temporary memory loss whenever her Banality is greater than her Glamour. This generally
begins to occur after a story is over, and can take days to weeks, depending upon the Storyteller's discretion. One way to deal
with this is to roll Glamour against a target number equal to the Kithain's Banality each day the character is not actively
touched by Glamour. Failure indicates that the Kithain forgets who she is for a period of time as determined by the Mists chart
on pg. 208 of Changeling: The Dreaming second edition. She can, of course, be drawn out of it by another Kithain.

Banality Above Glamour and Willpower:

Whenever permanent Banality exceeds both permanent Glamour and Willpower, the Kithain is in danger of forgetting
himself and becoming a normal human. The closer he is to Banality 10, the more quickly this will happen. This can be avoided
by a fairly constant exposure to Glamour. For each point of Banality that the Kithain has over his Glamour rating, he should
spend at least one day a week in a freehold to offset the effects of high Banality. If he does not spend this time in the freehold,
he risks reverting to his seeming. Additionally, the character gains one point of temporary Banality each week this requirement
isnot met. This can be ignored if the Kithain is engaged in a quest to reduce his Banality or is under some oath which prevents
him from fulfilling it. In effect, as long as the character is actively involved with other changelings, the character is in little
danger of reverting to his seeming. This does not mean that every grump should run out and take an oath which frees them
from this requirement; oath-taking is a serious matter, and the Dreaming frowns on those who use it selfishly.

fR
=
=
S
(

xy
4

Example: Bryan, a grump with Glamour 6, Willpower 5 and Banality 8 should spend three days a week in a freehold to
avoid gaining more Banality. If he doesn't spend the time in the freehold, his temporary Banality will increase by one each
day until it reaches 10, at which point, at the Storyteller's option, his permanent Banality increases by one.

Banality of 10:

When permanent Banality reaches a score of 10, the Kithain is in serious danger of being permanently Undone. It isn't
an instantaneous process, however. It takes one day per point of permanent Glamour and Willpower before it's completed.
If the Kithain can somehow drop her Banality below 10 before that time, she gets a reprieve. Note that it is possible for the
Kithain to temporarily forget before the permanent result sets in. In this case, it becomes nearly impossible to lose the Banality.

Chapter Three: Advanced Storycellong 37

—]

2

This last is something many are loathe to admit, but such apathy
does happen. It is this apathy which fae must all struggle to
avoid, lest Banality consume them all. The best way to combat
this eventual slide is for the faltering changeling to immerse
herself in Glamour before she forgets everything that is impor-
tant to her. Care must be taken to balance this immersion with
the mundane, lest Bedlam become the next risk.

Social Aspects

Many Kithain choose not to refer to those who have "faded
away." They choose instead to ignore the lost one as if he had
never existed. This is not the best way to go about dealing with
the problem as it can beget more Banality. How is anyone to
learn from the ordeals of others if they pretend the ordeals never
happened? When, or if, the Kithain returns to herself, others
will act as if she "took a trip" or was "on vacation." Euphemisms

\ are popular among those who cannot deal with this problem.
A They fear that exposure to the lost Kithain will infect them with
Banality, and even thinking of the poor souls may be harmful.
- Happily, these paranoid souls are in the minority.
oN On the other hand, many Kithain understand the danger in
-\ this kind of thinking and work instead to free those who have
5) been trapped, if indeed it is at all possible. Some civic-minded
S Kithain actively search them out, and others simply do what
VA they can when they find one. Finding a lost Kithain is usually a
»' cause for great celebration as they are welcomed back into
Kithain society. Such celebrations are similar to a Saining in
LS many ways, but it is a more literal celebration of rebirth.
YY The returned Kithain usually goes back to whatever tasks
\ and endeavors she was involved with before she forgot herself,
ey and reassumes whatever position she held. If she lapses too
S often, however, her ability to fulfill whatever duties she has may
Va be questioned, especially in the case of nobles.
» When a Kithain has fallen to Banality, her greatest allies

~~) \ are the members of her oathcircle. They are the ones most likely
\/
» a)
KN
=)

Using
The Big Book of Beacing Ass

to try to pull her out. In fact, the practice of the oathcircle has
A

probably saved more Kithain from Banality than nearly any-
eat
Na
4B

World of Darkness: Combat is a must for those who want
to fully explore the exciting potentials of changeling combat.

i

NS

) The following offers a few fae martial styles for those Storytellers

kA who like a lot of detail (and blood) in their combat.

Ss Fae master many forms of martial arts. Sidhe tend to favor

Ray the traditionally noble styles of fencing and boxing. Redcaps
") rarely have the discipline for martial arts other than wrestling.
=) Eshu are perhaps the most divergent in their tastes; a few

haughty nobles have been put in their place by eshu who were

YA masters of Pauka, Savate or Kendo.
WA 38 Book of Lost Dreams

AT


™=

| Some martial art forms are exclusive to kith or noble

houses. Troll martial techniques are called Ragnarok, House
Scathach (see Nobles: The Shining Host) practices Gae-
Bolga, and a few satyrs practice Pan-do.

Please note that the page numbers next to the maneuvers
come from World of Darkness: Combat.

Ragnarok

This is the martial arts style practiced by many trolls.
Related to the Viking "high style," its sword-fighting tech-
nique is characterized by warriors entering combat with
their sword arms raised above their heads, so the sword
points toward the ground. It is a simple, aggressive form, but
its breadth lies only in the relatively wide variety of weapons
one learns.

Schools: Troll nobles and wealthy freemen often
hold regular practice days when they teach this art to
new thanes.

Members: Ragnarok is only taught by troll leaders to their
vassals.

Quote: Yes, I know I've missed you twice, but I only have to
hit you once.

Maneuvers

Weapon

Bash (1, p.47)

Disarm (2, p,47)

Dazing Blow (2, p.47)

Disarm (2, p.47)

Great Blow (1, p.48)

Parry (1, p.48)

Slash (2, p.48)

Smash (2, p.48)

Sweep (2, p.48)

Required Techniques

Axes and Picks

Blades

Blunt Weapons

Polearms

Staff
Gae-Bolga

This technique is named after the devastating spear of
Cuchulain, the greatest of Scathach's students. Gae-Bolga is
a complete and diverse martial art covering armed and
unarmed combat. It is an extremely deadly style, even its
unarmed form. Its students also learn of the mysteries of the
Dragon's Ire.

Schools: Schools for this art are hidden in the remote
places of the world. It is said that there are schools in Ireland, the
Isle of Skye, Provénce and the Muir woods.

Members: Gae-Bolga is only taught to members of
House Scathach. Students must first master basic martial
techniques before they are admitted to the schools. They

must have reached Athletics 3, Melee 3 and Brawl 3 on their
own efforts first.

Quote: Beware the salmon-leap, the apple-toss and the mien of
Cuchulain!

Maneuvers

Athletics

Kippup (1, p. 26)
Brawl

Punches:

Disarm (3, p.26)
Sword Hand (3, p.30)
Grabs:

Choke hold (4, p. 33)
Grappling Defense (2, p. 34)
Joint Break (4, p. 34)
Joint Lock (4, p. 35)
Neckbreaker (5, p. 36)
Throws:

Throw (1, p.37)
Flying Tackle (3, p. 34)
Weapon

Disarm (2, p. 47)
Fleche (2, p. 47)
Great Blow (1, p. 48)
Parry (1, p. 48)
Reposte (2, p.48)
Slash (2, p. 48)
Thrust (1, p. 49)
Required Techniques
Blades

Polearms

Pan-do

Martin Adostopolus was the son of a British industrial-
ist. He became a Victorian dilettante-adventurer, styling
himself on the likes of Sir Richard Burton. He traveled the
world studying martial arts, but in the end was still unsatis-
fied. Despite mastering several martial arts forms, he never
found one to take advantage of his fae physique, so he
invented his own. Unfortunately, his two greatest students
fought over the right to lead the school after his death. Both
claimed to have won the fight, and eventually two very
different sects were created. One student, who turned to the
Unseelie, created Beastfighting. The other form, Pan-do, is
province of Seelie satyrs.

Schools: The only school of Pan-do was in Amsterdam. It fell
during the war between Martin's disciples in 1882. To study Pan-
do, a satyr must locate one of the traveling masters of this art.

Members: Satyrs who are members of the Monkey's Paw
are said to be students of the Unseelie version of this art. Most
Pan-do practitioners live in Europe, the Mediterranean and
Great Britain.

Chapcter Three: Advanced Scoryctellong 39

(

%

S
Fs

y q
@

-
Q
{\

~SSESD
ARAL. A

SS

LTS

©
Si

ge te

,

CJ
a oe

(KX

ar

]

\=s
=
V3
Ss
a

Maneuvers

Athletics Maneuvers

Jump

Kippup (1, p. 26)

Brawl Maneuvers

Head Butt (1, p.28)

Kicks

Axe Kick (3, p. 30)

Double Kick (4, p. 30)
Flying Kick (4, p. 30)

Foot Sweep (1, p. 30)
Handstand Kick (2, p. 31)
Heel Stamp (1, p. 31)

Iron Broom (4, p. 31)

Knee Strike (3, p. 32)
Reverse Front Kick (4, p. 32)
Roundhouse Kick (3, p. 32)
Spinning Thrust Kick (2, p. 33)
Dodge Maneuvers

Kick Defense (1, p. 30)

Quote: Oh, "Pan-DA!" Like I never heard that one before!
Looks like ‘you're about to come down with a bad case of hoof-in-

spleen disease, Chuckles...

‘The Three
CInseelie Houses

These houses were not included in the core rulebook for
multiple reasons. Those of you who have read The Shadow
Court are undoubtedly already familiar with these dark houses,
but they have been reprinted here so that they may be made
more readily available to all Changeling Storytellers.

Developer's Note: The Flaw for House Leanhaun has been
slightly modified as of this printing. The change requires mem-
bers of this house to engage in Rhapsody only once per month
instead of one per week, as was printed in The Shadow Court.

House A\ilil

House Ailil is the best-known of the Unseelie Houses. Its
founder, Lord Ailil, was an astute politician, philosopher and
scholar of the occult. Houses Ailil and Eiluned are both de-
scended from him. It is said that when the nobles fled to Arcadia,
Lord Ailil chose to stay behind and gather around him a house
of sidhe that would stand against the onslaught of Banality. Ailil
sidhe believed that he changed his name and accepted his
Unseelie Legacy.

Masters of politics, intrigue and manipulation, Ailil sidhe
are often found as advisors and councillors to ruling sidhe.

40) Book of Lost Dreams

o

A Ro gn > gen a gn ge ~ gm iY < iE ~— fm ~~ Irn


Though they are rarely trusted, their advice is considered quite
valuable. Because it is not always followed, they inevitably lead
political factions of their own or seek weak rulers to prop up.
Becoming the "power behind the throne" is the aspiration of
many Ailil sidhe.

Fiefs ruled by Ailil sidhe are hotbeds of intrigue, and
commoners sometimes wonder who wields the real power in
their freeholds. Is it the rulers they see, or the Shadow Court
they don't see? Unseelie commoners often deduce that the Ailil
could never have absolute control over the Shadow courtiers —
Ailil arrogance would wear too much on them.

Regardless of their political position or affiliation, Ailil
sidhe always make the most of it. In fact, they are known for their
overconfidence, arrogance and attitude. In any situation, they
believe their heritage ensures their success. While they feel
House Ailil is also naturally entitled to wealth, privilege and
creature comforts, they love power even more. As one would
expect, they will go through anything and scheme as long as
necessary to get it.

Many Ailil sidhe have dark hair and eyes. Regardless of the
color of their eyes, they're known for their extremely compelling
and penetrating gazes. They prefer dark clothing, especially
black, set off with silver accessories.

The blazon of House Ailil is sable, arampant dragon argent,
between four stars argent. (A silver dragon rampant between
four silver stars on a black background.)

Boon: Sidhe of House Ailil are experts at political manipu-
lation. All rolls involving Manipulation are made at a -1
difficulty. Members of House Ailil can never botch rolls involv-
ing Subterfuge or Politics.

Flaw: Because they believe they are descended from a line
of kings, Ailil sidhe are complacent in their abilities. Challenges
others would shy away from pique their interest. Even when an
Ailil sidhe is obviously wrong, she must still make a Willpower
roll (difficulty 8) to admit it; this only applies, however, to
noncombative situations.

If an Ailil sidhe backs down from a situation (such as a
battle she knows she cannot win), she suffers a +1 difficulty to
all Social rolls until she gains a victory that restores her confi-
dence and face. This may involve, for instance, abusing under-
lings who cannot fight back. Ifan Ailil triumphs over impossible
odds, she will become Seelie for at least a full day.

Exile: The Ailil sidhe were allegedly banished from Arcadia
for conspiring with Unseelie creatures who lived outside of
Kithain society. Members of this house attest that they roused
the forces of darkness that harried the Seelie sidhe from Arcadia.
Enemies claim that House Ailil summoned up what it couldn't
put down.

High Lord Erdath believes firmly that he is enacting the
will of the High Lords of Arcadia when he conspires against the
Seelie Court. He tells his Unseelie brethren that the Seelie were
exiled to Earth because of failure, and it is the sworn duty of

Chapter Three: Advanced Szorycellong 4]


Cad k CNY C

aa

ay

v

CI CRGY OL

AR

US

'S
YAY
zy

Nex
va

a
va
Bae

\
a

Bu <a>. 8

House Ailil to offer them "guidance." Each year, he accepts a
wealthy sidhe into his entourage, who must finance his travels
across the globe for one full year. In exchange, this pupil gains
the great honor of learning from his Machiavellian tutelage.
Though treacherous, Lord Erdath ensures that this chosen one
will gain a political title of great privilege before the year is over.

House Balor

Most Kithain believe that the name of this house is an
Unseelie joke, a slap in the face to the Seelie Court. Most Seelie
see Balor sidhe as bad children — since they are so dissatisfied
with fae society, they'll say and do anything to shock and offend.
Accordingly, sidhe of this house live up to the stereotype and
love it. Only a few greybeards and loremasters know the truth.
The members of this house are descended from a line of sidhe
who mixed their blood with that of the original fomorians.

Legends tell that the house was founded by Lugh of the
Long Arm, grandson of Balor of the Evil Eye. If it's true, it makes
them doubly royal and a threat to the fae of House Gwydion. As
such, they consider ridding themselves of the weak and foppish
Seelie as their destiny. Humanity itself is also beneath them, and
privately, they claim that the time will come when House Balor
will rule over a world consumed by darkness.

Since stating this view openly is not terribly popular, these
rebellious fae have developed preternatural talents of intrigue.
Some even infiltrate other houses. Houses Eiluned and Dougal
don't know of these traitors in their midst, and House Liam
doesn't pursue elaborate tests of lineage anymore. Many Balor
sidhe are biding their time, waiting for the moment to strike.
Those who openly profess to belong to House Balor flaunt their
membership.

42

Book of Lost Dreams

All members of this house carry a deformity of one variety
or another, and they often carry something even more twisted:
their tainted souls are unaffected by cold iron, which they
treasure. Flirting with disaster is a way of life to them. In fact,
they have been found allying with other tainted creatures,
including Black Spiral Dancers and modern fomori. As far as
they're concerned, the days of the modern age are coming to an
end, and when eternal darkness descends upon the Earth, House
Balor will stoke the bonfires and revel in the madness.

House Balor's blazon is sanguine, a tower or entwined by a
serpent sable barring a door gules (a black serpent entwined
around a golden tower and barring a red door on a field of
purple).

Boon: The fomorian blood of these sidhe shields them from
the worst effects of iron. Cold iron still causes them discomfort,
but Balor sidhe take no penalty when performing tasks that
involve contact with it. They do not lose temporary Glamour
when struck with it. If slain by an iron weapon, however, their
faerie souls are still destroyed.

Although every Balor sidhe has a Seelie Legacy, it is always
subdued. Though they can masquerade as Seelie sidhe, they will
never actually become Seelie. For members of House Balor,
that's a boon.

Flaw: Each member of this house has a physical, mental or
emotional deformity. Neither prosthetics nor psychological
help can correct it, although it can be hidden. This Flaw can
never be overcome. In addition, a Balor sidhe cannot have a
Willpower rating higher than 6.

Exile: Very few Balor sidhe returned to Earth during the
Resurgence. The Balor insist that only a few of them were busy
corrupting the lands of Arcadia, but enough of them were active


to speed the decay of paradise. According to the legend, most of
the descendants of this house left on Earth were Undone during
the Shattering, but their spawn later awakened from Chrysalis
during the Resurgence. The High Lord of House Balor speaks of
being weaned in a hive of corrupted werewolves, though few
believe him.

High Lord Li-Tili rules an undersea kingdom in the derelict
wreckage of an ocean liner, where his entourage has constructed
a carefully maintained palace. His servants have an unnatural
gift that allows guests to descend with them into the depths.
Balefires light his audience chamber, and 13 Black Spiral
Dancers guard it. It is rumored that each year the new High Lord
of this house is devoured by his successor at Samhain, but there
is no proof to substantiate this.

House Leanhaun

These fae crave Glamour like no other could. Without
Glamour, a Leanhaun sidhe ages rapidly. Starved of this source
of imagination, he can change from childling to grump almost
overnight, feeling the pain of the transition every step of the
way. Most fae know of this curse, and most believe that enough
Glamour will hold it off. What they don't realize is that the
forbidden practice of Rhapsody is one of the most effective
methods for not only healing the symptoms of this curse, but also
for temporarily stopping the aging process entirely and even

reversing it slightly.

A Leanhaun chooses a promising mortal and infuses him
with a heady amount of Glamour. The artist becomes com-
pletely consumed by his passion for creation, and works madly
and unceasingly. In one glorious burst of creation, he creates his
final masterpiece. The Leanhaun sidhe inspires and revels in
this incandescent burst of creativity, and feeds off it until the
mortal exhausts his creative instinct completely. This either
results in a life of staid Banality or a tragic and horrific death.
The artwork created is then destroyed, and the final ritual offers
a feast of Glamour.

As one would expect, this practice is forbidden in the
society of the Kithain. A changeling who is convicted of this
crime is summarily banished. Thus, members of this house are
careful to display their more modest sides. They feast on Glam-
our in epic sprees and decadent orgies. The Fiona may crave
pleasure, but the Leanhaun hunger for what it brings: magical
power that defies time itself.

House Leanhaun's blazon is vert, a harp or entwined by a
thorny rose sable (a golden harp twined with a black rose on a
green field).

Boon: All members of this house receive an extra point of
Charisma, even if this raises the Trait over 5. Additionally,
Leanhaun sidhe get a -1 difficulty on all Seduction rolls and can
never botch them.

}

ig . ‘ OO Mabe

Chapter Three: Advanced Storycellong

-

gy
an a

@.

v,


/

(ae ee s Pet nte ‘aM e ao. ‘a8. Flaw: As a result of an ancient curse, Leanhaun sidhe age
Mn! "eo tt m4 ' unnaturally. Those who do not engage in Rhapsody at least once

a month age one year for every week beyond this time limit that
they fail to do so.

The simple version of Rhapsody involves a clique of
Unseelie. The group invests from one to five points of Glamour
as they begin. The victim — the artist involved — rolls
Manipulation + Expression, and adds one success for each point
of Glamour invested. The resultant masterpiece then has tainted
dross within it, one point for each success.

& - o_8 nee

This masterpiece is then destroyed and appreciated by the
fae. When this happens, divide the number of successes on the
aforementioned roll among the members of the "audience."
Seelie get one point of Glamour for each point of tainted dross;
Unseelie get two Glamour for each point of tainted dross;
Leanhaun get three Glamour for one dross.

7.

s
S.

m,

Exile: Leanhaun sidhe were allegedly sentenced to exile for
crimes against the court of the High King. Their geas demands
that none may speak of what transpired, although it is known
that a gathering of troubadours was slain for the High Lord of
Leanhaun on the eve of her exile. In many Arcadian tales, a
different version of this crime is woven into many epic stories.

High Lord Eleanor enjoys the privilege of great wealth, and
she rarely lives in the same city for more thana month. The curse
of her house has resulted in her aging 70 years over the last 30
years, but tenaciously, she survives. Each month, she hosts a gala
at which her latest protégé is introduced. Her dark Arts allow
her to assume a new identity each month, or sometimes each
week. Though she has been condemned repeatedly by the
Parliament of Dreams, the other High Lords insist that she be
accepted at any gathering of the legislature.

=)

pe 44 Book of Lost Dreams
Fal?

2 ON Sue ~ gn ~ ge i YX


New Background e One local destination accessible one-fourth of the

time. »
Some Storytellers have noted that getting a trod for free ee One local destination accessible half of the time, eS
with the Holding Background is pretty powerful. And not only or 2-3 local destinations accessible one fourth of Ry
that, but how do you determine exactly how and when the trod the time, or one local destination accessible all Ww,
can be used? The following Background allows Storytellers to the time. Sy)
have players purchase trods separately from freeholds as Back- eee 2-3 local destinations and one regional destination (L y)
grounds. In addition, some guidelines are provided for how accessible half of the time, or 2-3 local destina- UX
powerful these trods can be based on the level purchased. tions, one regional destination and one Near ( VJ
Trod Dreaming destination accessible one-fourth of ry
the time, or 2-3 local destinations accessible all J
You possess access to a trod that leads to other earthly the time. x
destinations, or even to destinations within the Dreaming. eeee 4.5 local destinations, two regional, one national y
Trods usually have openings within freeholds, but not all (e.g. Concordia) and two Near Dreaming destina- BY
freeholds have trods. Your trod may be in your freehold (if you tions accessible half of the time, or 4-5 local (: s
have the Holdings Background), or it may stand on its own. destinations, two regional, one national, one Near Le
Trods do not necessarily correspond in power to the freehold Dreaming, one Far Dreaming accessible one-fourth ww
into which they open. It is possible to have an immensely of the time, or 2-3 local destinations and one (SS)
powerful trod within a minor freehold (or vice versa). Trods regional destination accessible all the time, or 2- (- —
follow the cycles of nature (seasons, movement of the planets) 3 local destinations, one regional destination and Ld
and are only accessible at certain times. The player and the one Near Dreaming destination accessible half of Oy
Storyteller should decide at which times the character's trod is the time. (WS
active. eeeee 4-5 local destinations, 3-4 regional, two national, (=
A trod that is open one half of the total time in a year may two Near Dreaming, one Deep Dreaming acces- C,
be only accessible at night, on even-numbered days, or from sible half of the time, or 4-5 local destinations, 4- ~
Beltaine to Samhain. Several, very powerful trods, such as the 5 regional, four national, two Near Dreaming, two WS
one at Tara-Nar, exceed the scale listed below. The legendary Far Dreaming, one Deep Dreaming (maybe as far ( =
Silvers Gate trod may have led everywhere. Any trod bought as Arcadia Gate) accessible one-fourth of the IY
with this Background is relatively safe for the changeling at both time, or 2-3 local destinations, one regional desti- Oy
ends. (It does not lead to the Nightmare Realms, etc.) The only nation and one Near Dreaming destination acces- KS
exception are trods that lead to the Deep Dreaming, which are sible all the time. (&

C
‘

completely unpredictable.
Please note that just because one owns a trod, one cannot
necessarily open it.

g
Y

Pa

6
=
wy
=
Ss
=
iS
ws,

X

Chapter Three: Advanced Storytellong 45


ae


Faced with a crucial decision

So many ways I can go

Am I aman with a mission

To carry on or leave well enough alone

Can you give me an answer my friend

I don't trust my own mind

Is there some way to open my eyes
When I pretend to be blind
— Lowen & Navaro, "Writing on the Wall"

Incroduction

An important magical treasure has been stolen from the
count's freehold, and the characters must see to its safe return.
Despite attempts at secrecy, many people know about the theft
and want the treasure for themselves. The characters must use
their wits, following a few scattered clues to find the culprits
while fending off the advances of people who would see the
treasure delivered into their hands rather than the count's. To
make matters worse, the treasure must be recovered quickly, for
itis to be used to honor the duke, who is due to visit in just three
days...

‘Theme and CDood

"Capture the Flag" is an intrigue and investigation story. At
its simplest level, it isa mystery wherein the characters are the
detectives looking for the criminal so that justice may prevail.
At various stages of the investigation, the characters must
choose between intimidation and persuasion. If all goes well, the

characters successfully interpret the available clues, secure the
lost artifact and become heroes.

The resolution of the detective-story aspect of this adven-
ture has larger implications. The players become involved in
court politics as other parties interested in the stolen treasure
seek to turn them away from the count, hoping to prevent that
noble from regaining what he has lost. Questions of loyalty and
honor conflict with personal gain as the characters must choose
to whom they will surrender the treasure, if they choose to
surrender it at all.

Ploc

Someone has crept into the count's freehold and stolen his
pennon, the magical banner that symbolizes his right to rule
over his lands, the token of his noble authority. The pennon's
loss is a great blow to the count's personal honor, but the duke's
imminent visit stands to make the loss much greater, for the
duke puts great stock in symbols. The count must recover his
pennon without word of its loss getting out. The count's chan-

Chapter Four: Capture the Flay 47

CS &,

\/

A EW

MAM LLIVLAIVL

aS


Ss
.

>
Pe

re

Z

Tt)

A
_)

\
SX

cellor hires the characters to perform a seek-and-recover mis-
sion, warning them of the importance of discretion. He gives
them his only clue to the culprit's identity and informs them
that they have three days to regain the lost pennon.

Unbeknownst to the count, spies in his court report to one
of his vassals, Baron Miles Parke, a cunning sidhe of House
Filuned. Sensing achance to prove his liege lord unworthy of his
position and seize it for himself, the baron has his own agents
looking for the count's pennon. These agents hope to find the
pennon before the characters do, but they're prepared to follow
and ambush the characters, if necessary. The baron is also open
to persuading the characters to join his cause, if the opportunity
arises.

The characters' investigation leads them through the squalid
city streets as they pursue their quarry, with each new clue
leading closer to the goal. Along the way, they meet a mysterious
individual who claims to have hired the thieves and is looking
for his "employees," who haven't turned over the treasure. This
individual tries to convince the characters that they should give
him the pennon for the good of all who would see sidhe rule
come to an end.

Finally, the characters find the culprits, who are having
second thoughts about what they've done. These fae realize the
gravity of the situation, however, and they won't turn the
pennon over to the characters without believable assurances of
anonymity. Of course, the characters could just try to beat them
up and take it.

Once the characters have the pennon, they must decide
what to do with it — turn it over to the count and save his honor
before the duke, turn it over to the baron to further his political
goals, give it to the sinister man who claims to have the interests
of the commoners at heart, or keep it for their own ends.

Storyteller Nozes

"Capture the Flag" is designed to appeal to many different
troupes and fit into many different chronicles. Groups that like
to roughhouse can succeed by the judicious application of force,
though roleplaying may be more likely to win the day. Inexpe-
rienced characters might be selected for this mission because
their lack of reputation helps preserve the secrecy of the task,
while established characters may be selected for their discretion
and reliability. Characters with little involvement in politics
might be chosen specifically for that instance, while characters
heavily embroiled in politics could become involved as just
another day of playing the game. These events can take place in
just about any city anywhere, witha little fine-tuning on the part
of the Storyteller.

"Capture the Flag" assumes that the count hires the char-
acters, but either the baron or a sinister third individual de-
scribed in the story could hire them instead if that suits the
Storyteller's plans. There are many ways to introduce the players
to the events detailed, though some require adjusting the plot.
This adventure allows the characters to have a real impact on
the political landscape of their area by virtue of what they decide
to do with the recovered pennon. Storytellers who feel uncom-

48 Book of Lost Dreams


fortable with this potential for kingmaking should keep in mind
that the fate of the count ultimately lies in the hands of the duke,
who may take mercy on his vassal if the count's continued rule
is in the story's best interests.

Scene One:

An Invicacion co Heroism

The adventure begins when one character's evening of quiet
relaxation and entertainment is interrupted by a knock at the door.
The visitor is a well-dressed nocker who asks for the character by
name and then hands him a large, cream-colored envelope. After
delivering the missive, he waits for the character's response.

The envelope is of thick parchment and emblazoned with
the character's name in a flowing, artistic hand. The envelope
is sealed with deep yellow wax impressed with the image of a
wineglass and a rose. A successful Perception + Politics roll
(difficulty 7) makes the character aware that this is the personal
seal of Lord Piper Gaines, the count's chancellor.

Ifthe character agrees to meet with the chancellor, the nocker
escorts him to a car waiting outside. The nocker asks any other
characters present to goalso, and he picks up any who are not there.
Throughout the ride, the nocker remains quiet, deflecting any
questions. If the characters persist, he says only that the chancellor
willanswer them if he sees fit. Ten minutes after picking up the last
character, the group arrives at Emily's, an exclusive restaurant in
a posh neighborhood. The nocker leads the way into the restau-
rant, where the characters are shown toacandle-lit private dining
room with a long table set for an elegant dinner.

Seated at the table, sipping dark red wine from a cut-crystal
goblet, is a sidhe grump dressed in a well-made dark green suit.
His long, silvery blond hair is pulled back in a ponytail, and he
wears several pieces of silver and gold jewelry. He smiles and
rises briefly as the characters enter, introducing himself as
Chancellor Gaines. He then welcomes the characters, gesturing
toward the waiting seats. As the characters sit, the nocker stands
behind the chancellor as though guarding him. A moment later,
two waiters enter the room and begin serving a sumptuous meal
of creamy soups, large salads and luscious main courses. Through-
out dinner, the chancellor makes pleasant and aimless conver-
sation, addressing each character by name.

After a dessert of flavored ices drizzled with sweet fruit
sauces, the chancellor gets down to business. Before explaining
his summons, he asks the characters to swear an Oath of Secrecy,
charging them never to repeat what he reveals to them. If the
characters refuse, he thanks them for their time and orders the
nocker to return them to their homes. Chancellor Gaines is
unlikely to approach them in the future, and he seeks other
changelings to solve the count's problem.

If the characters agree to swear the oath, it is a variant of the
Oath of Guardianship (pg. 211, Changeling: The Dreaming
second edition). There is no cost to swear the oath, but change-
lings who reveal information they have been sworn not to reveal
are cursed with the inability to keep anything secret for a decade.

Oath of Secrecy

As the Mists enshroud mortal minds and Arcadia's gate
stands unfound, so shall I keep close and secret the knowledge
I gain in this time and place. Never shall it pass my lips, else may
night become as day and all things hidden be exposed.

Characters taking this oath gain an additional point
of temporary Willpower. If the oath is broken, two points
of temporary Willpower are lost.

After the characters swear the oath, the chancellor explains
that thieves crept into the count's stronghold and left with a prize
of immense value — the count's pennon. As nearly all changelings
know, a noble's pennon is the symbol of his authority to rule his
lands in the name of his liege. The loss of one's pennon is an
embarrassment of the highest order and a great loss of personal
honor. Fortunately, knowledge of the theft has been contained to
a handful of trusted individuals, as it was the chancellor himself
who noticed that the pennon was missing during a late-night walk.
A chimerical copy of the pennon currently flies, preventing
knowledge of the theft from spreading. This isa temporary solution
at best, however. To make matters worse, the duke will visit in
three days, andhe will not be fooled by the false pennon. The count
wants the pennon returned before the duke's arrival, and the
chancellor asks the characters to accept the charge.

If the characters agree, Chancellor Gaines hands them an
envelope that contains his only clue, a membership card for
Hollywood Video Rental. One corner of the card has a hole
punched in it to fit on a key ring. The plastic of this corner is
torn, as though the card was caught in somethingas the thief fled
and left behind in his haste. The card has no name, but is
embossed with a membership number.

If the characters ask about a reward, the chancellor seems
amazed that the opportunity to serve the count is not reward
enough for loyal changelings. He suggests that the count's gratitude
is likely to manifest in myriad subtle and long-term ways. For those
who insist on concretely defined recompense, he offers mundane
money or other suitable amenities, or up to three dream stones per
character. In the latter case, each dream stone contains 3 Glamour.

Before allowing the characters to depart, the chancellor
gives them instructions for contacting him secretly.

Chapzer Four: Capture the Flag 49

iS
eS
fy
©
eS

G

a
a
4

le

43
+o

~

SORIOSS.

ISIE

»

\s
Xa
(=
(=
A

lees Sele
LHOLIWOOD VIDEO.

ome Mone Seevice

$5, OD per delivery
Ask an emloyce

peel

ADULT VID
AROUND BA

Scene [wo:

Have Thac Back dy Il Tomorrow.

With the membership card in hand, the characters should
easily find the video store. One or more of the characters may
already be familiar with it, as Hollywood Video Rental is located
in a low-income section of town. If no one knows the place, it's
listed in the phone book. The store stays open until 11:00 P.M.,
giving the characters time to investigate the store after their
meeting with Chancellor Gaines.

Posters advertising newly released videos cover the store's
windows. Characters who enter see shelves lined with hundreds
of videos in dozens of categories and an "Adults Only" sign
hanging over a door leading to a back room. A handful of
patrons mill about selecting the night's entertainment while an
employee restocks the shelves from a haphazard pile of movies
near the register. A second employee stands behind the com-
puter register waiting on a customer. Above his head hangs a
sign announcing Hollywood Video's new movie delivery ser-
vice. For five dollars, the store delivers any video in stock toa
customer's house.

The membership card belongs to a wilder redcap whose
mundane identity is Mark Shaker; the key to this scene is finding
his name and address. There are several ways to get this informa-
tion. The following list describes some of the most likely
avenues, but anything the Storyteller deems reasonable should
have a chance to succeed.

e The characters can call the store and have a video
delivered, using the membership number on the card. It's been
a long night, so the clerk doesn't realize that the caller didn't
give his name as well as his membership number. He thanks the
caller, using the name "Mr. Shaker," then reads out Shaker's
address for confirmation.

e The characters can rent a video in person. After paying
for arental, customers sign a printed receipt that lists their name
and address. If the characters do this, the clerk gives them a brief,
quizzical look and then says "New friends of Mark's?" If the
characters answer affirmatively, the clerk says something akin
to "I told him to call first. One of these days he's gonna lose his
card, and someone's gonna come in here and use it, and I won't
know not to let em." The clerk makes small talk for a minute,
asking about Mark's health and recent activities. If the charac-
ters play along, they should be fine.

e The characters can strong-arm the clerk and demand the
information they need. Not one to get into a fight over his job,
the clerk punches the membership number into his computer
and gives the characters the name and address. Other customers
are shocked by the act and may flee the store if the characters do
not stop them. Assoonas the characters leave, the clerk calls the
police.

OTICE:

=e of «90

e The characters can cause a diversion to drag the clerk
away from the computer, giving them time to use it. Suitable

2) diversions include having a loud argument, knocking over a
(= .L BE ADVED shelf of videos or crashing through the front window. Such a
A TAPES THAT

OX 50 Book of Lost Dreams

bs te

2° AN Suse > > gn gm mn ai > > > gn > gn ~ ~~

distraction pulls the clerk away from the computer for no more
than a minute. A successful Perception + Computer roll (diffi-
culty 6) retrieves Shaker's name and address before the clerk
turns away from the distraction. If this fails, the character may
roll Dexterity + Stealth roll against the clerk's Perception +
Alertness (5) to step away from the computer without being
seen. If the clerk achieves more successes than the character, he
spots the character and immediately threatens to call the police.

¢ The characters can tell the clerk that they're looking for
the owner of the membership card and fabricate a reason to
explain why. A successful Manipulation + Subterfuge or Ma-
nipulation + Intimidation (difficulty 7) eventually overcomes
the clerk's reticence to divulge the information, if the story is
plausible. A less plausible story raises the difficulty to 8, while a
ludicrous story given little thought raises it to 9. The clerk takes
some serious convincing; don't just give the characters their
information for a single roll of the dice.

Scene Three:
Home Swieec Home

Shaker's small, one-bedroom apartment is on the third
floor of a six-unit house on a side street near the video store.
Finding it takes no more than 15 minutes, even for characters
unfamiliar with the neighborhood.

The front porch has a short staircase that slants to the right
and is missing one step. Several broken windows have been
repaired with cardboard and wood, and tall weeds grow com-
pletely through the rusted chain-link fence. A bare light bulb
flickers fitfully above the door, and the paint is peeling in wide
strips. Inside, the hallway's plaster walls are gouged and pitted.
The sections of wallpaper that haven't been pulled from the wall
are faded and water-stained. The stairs creak with each step, and
muffled rock music plays ina second-floor apartment. More bare
bulbs give dim light.

Shaker's door opens easily, and a quick examination reveals
that someone forced the door open. Inside, the characters find
the apartment in total disarray. Furniture has been upended;
cabinets and drawers have been emptied, and their contents
scattered across the floor. Though the situation looks bleak, the
characters may find two clues. A successful Perception + Alert-
ness roll (difficulty 4) reveals a pair of grease-stained overalls in
a pile of dirty laundry; the overalls are embroidered with the
name Mark and have a patch that says "Dave & Doug Auto
Body." A character who specifically searches the kitchen trash
container and makes a successful Perception + Alertness roll
(difficulty 8) locates an empty matchbook bearing the name,
phone number and address of the Ten Dollar Inn.

When the characters leave the apartment, the hallway is
dark, though this darkness does not include the third floor if
anyone stayed on watch in the hall. A shrouded figure waits on
the second floor at the bottom of the stairs. If the characters
fashion a light, the figure somehow stays wrapped in shadow,
making it impossible to identify him or her clearly. A successful

Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 9) allows a character to
catch a quick glimpse of hooves.

The figure addresses the characters, asking them to listen
for just a few moments. He tells the changelings that he knows
their purpose and would like them to give him the count's
pennon when they find it. He explains that he is part of an
organization that works to restore the days before the Resur-
gence, atime when commoners lived as they pleased and did not
have to bow and scrape to imperious sidhe lords. The figure
speaks passionately and pounces on any favorable reaction,
trying to stir anti-sidhe sentiment among the characters. If this
tack doesn't work, the figure appeals to the characters' greed,
offering to double any payment the count has promised them. If
the changelings refuse, the figure vansishes into a pool of
darkness, hinting that those who defy him always regret it.

The figure is Oliver "Bloodhorn" Kress, an Unseelie satyr
who is secretly a member of the Ranters (pg. 46, Nobles: The
Shining Host). This radical organization despises royalty and
works to undo the rule of the sidhe. Bloodhorn has no desire to
fight, especially since he is alone. If attacked, he flees using the
Wayfare cantrip Flicker Flash (pg. 208, Changeling: The Dream-
ing second edition). Bloodhorn's ability to surround himself in
darkness derives from his cloak, a treasure of moderate power.

Scene Four: All Ina Days
(Uork

By the time the characters are done at Shaker's apartment,
the auto body shop where he works is closed. If the characters
break into the garage and look around, they find a small back
room with a few lockers, a beat-up card table, three folding
chairs and several old calendars showing mostly naked women
lounging on motorcycles and cars.

If the characters visit the garage the next day, they see a
stunning sidhe woman holding an animated conversation with
a gray-haired boggan who wears mechanic's overalls. The two
fae stand in a glass-walled office with the door closed, but the
characters clearly see that the woman is upset. The boggan wipes
his hands on an oil-stained rag and slowly shakes his head, while
the sidhe woman speaks and gestures wildly. After a moment,
the boggan holds up his hands in a gesture of helplessness, and
the sidhe woman stalks out of the office and away from the
garage. The characters catch a spicy perfumed scent as she
passes, and they can see anger flashing visibly in her green eyes.
A successful Perception + Politics roll (difficulty 8) allows a
character to recognize her as Lady Lilliana Shannon, a member
of Baron Parke's retinue.

The characters can try to talk with either or both of the fae,
though they must act quickly to catch the sidhe woman before
she reaches her Toyota Celica and drives off. She is angry from
her conversation with the mechanic, so she is curt and short
with the characters. She doesn't answer questions pertaining to
the search for Mark Shaker or the pennon, and after a few
minutes, she breaks off the conversation and gets into her car.

>|

Chapter Four: Capture the Flag

|

384

\¢

C/

maw 4

SS
IAM

Cried


Before leaving, however, she calls the most attractive male
character over to her window and speaks quietly with him for a
moment. She tells him in no uncertain terms that she intends
to see the pennon in the baron's hands, whatever she must do.
She hints that the rewards will be great for those who help the
baron take the count's place, but her special brand of gratitude
awaits the character if he brings the pennon to her so that she
may deliver it.

Characters who introduce themselves to the mechanic
learn that he is Douglas Bender, one of the shop's owners. Like
many boggan grumps, he is a bit short-tempered and gruff, but
a touch of politeness smoothes his feathers. If the characters ask
about Mark Shaker, Bender happily talks about him at length.
The old boggan has a soft spot for the young redcap and thinks
of him asa son. Bender isa little worried about Shaker, since the
redcap didn't show up for work the previous day, something that
had never happened before. Characters who play upon Bender's
feelings get quick and honest answers about Shaker. Otherwise,
characters must convince Bender that they are acting in Mark's
best interests. Such attempts must have a plausible story as
support, and the character must succeed in a Wits + Subterfuge
roll (difficulty 6). If convinced, Bender reveals that Shaker
complained about having to spend a few nights at the Ten
Dollar Inn while workmen repaired his plumbing. He also
knows that Shaker is staying in room 13.

Scene Five: $29 a Nighc

The Ten Dollar Inn is a bargain motel that caters primarily
to transients, poor traveling salesman and adulterous couples
engaging in quick rendezvous. The rooms are small and cheap,
with cracked paneling on the lower half of the peach or lime-
colored walls and worn carpet that is stained where it hasn't
faded. The televisions don't have remote control, and part of the
neon sign doesn't work, blinking "Ten Doll In" into the night.

A CDidnight Visic

If the characters find the matchbook in Shaker's apartment
and come straight to the Ten Dollar Inn, they arrive shortly after
midnight to find a sleepy attendant on duty. The attendant is a
mundane college student, and he reveals that Shaker stays in
room 13 if the characters pay him at least $20. Intimidation
tactics work very well, and a successful Manipulation + Intimi-
dation roll (difficulty 4) secures the same information. Behind
the attendant is a rack of message boxes, with two messages in
box 13. For another $20 (or more intimidation), the attendant
allows the characters to read Shaker's messages. The first is from
Bender, asking Shaker why he didn't show up at work that day.
The second is from someone named Nikki, asking Shaker where
he is and saying that she'll call again the next day.

Characters who check out Shaker's room find the door
locked. No one is home. If the characters break in or convince

pees 52 Book of Lost Dreams
MOOT OT DDD ODDO DOPOD DODD DODO DODO OD
WM SIICSIOSIIOSIOSIIOSIOSIOSICSIGSIOS

Ar"

the attendant to let them in, they see pants and shirts draped
across the back of the room's lone chair, a toothbrush and
toothpaste on the bathroom counter and an in-progress game of
solitaire on a small table. A half-full can of soda sits beside the
cards; there is no condensation on the can, and the liquid is
warm and flat. Though someone has clearly been using the
room, he hasn't been here in a while. Characters who decide to
watch the room and wait for Shaker have a long night ahead; the
errant redcap does not come to the hotel room that night.

AFcernoon Rendevous

Characters who visit the Ten Dollar Inn the next day find
a middle-aged, balding, overweight clerk wearing a sweat-
stained T-shirt and smoking a cheap cigar. He gives the same
information as the night clerk (Shaker's room number or access
to Shaker's messages), but the price is $30 for each "service."
Intimidating the day clerk is harder, requiring a successful
Manipulation + Intimidation roll (difficulty 6).

Early that afternoon, Shaker receives another message from
Nikki. Characters who gain access to this message find the
following, written in the day clerk's barely legible scrawl.

FOL Mak Shaker.
FRO Nike U5

mM)

td
o

RE. Remember mectin Tonight Y,00
Wat Aue, not (75%.
with ct

m place Del /
a thee. Sotto foot what to do

Further watching of Shaker's room or the motel office
proves fruitless, as Shaker never shows up. The only remaining
avenue is to show up at the meeting and hope for the best.

Scene Six:
Liccle Do They Know...

At the address listed in Nikki's message, the characters find
a used furniture store with apartments above. A residential door
beside the store is locked, but it has a small window through
which characters see a narrow staircase leading upward. There
is a cheap intercom system and four doorbells, one of which is
labeled "2A — N. Moore." A narrow alley leads to a small
receiving area behind the store, where characters find a large
door labeled "Employees Only" and a pair of fire escapes for the
apartments on the second and third floor.

Characters who break into apartment 2A find several
sparsely furnished rooms. The main room contains a futon sofa
along one wall, several folding chairs stacked in a corner, a
portable stereo and a dozen or so plants. Fantasy prints of
dragons and unicorns adorn the walls. The small kitchen has
old, worn-out appliances and nearly empty cabinets. The bed-
room serves as an art studio, with supplies scattered about and
two easels supporting works in progress. The apartment takes no
more than 10 minutes to search. The count's pennon is not here.

The characters may decide to wait for people to arrive for
the meeting. At 8:30 P.M., a wilder eshu woman unlocks the

bl
ys

+, 2h Oe ag

Chapter Four: Capture the Flag 53

@,

,

C\

(<
(&

x

<q

sy
&

=)
LS
rs,

\ ey
ee

a
‘Da


door beside the store and steps in. She wears black tights,
combat boots and an oversized, dark green sweater. She has an
olive complexion and black hair, which is pulled back in a
ponytail. A few moments later, a light on the second floor turns
on. Patient characters see two more changelings arrive 15
minutes later, a male wilder nocker in torn jeans and a green
leather jacket and a female wilder pooka in a short, red velvet
dress and white, knee-high boots. The nocker rings Nikki's
doorbell and holds a brief conversation over the intercom,
identifying himself and the pooka as Cracker and Bonnie. A
buzzer sounds a moment later, and the two fae enter.

If uninterrupted, the three fae talk about things of little
importance until 9:15. They wait for Shaker, but decide to
proceed without him when he doesn't show up. Cracker takes
the count's pennon from a large inner pocket of his jacket and
tosses it to the floor, complaining as he does so that he's felt as
though dozens of eyes were watching him all day. The three
discuss their options in hushed tones. What started as little more
than a prank has become a serious burden. Bonnie expresses
second thoughts about turning the pennon over to "that creepy
satyr Mark knows." She doesn't trust him to keep their names
secret. All three want to avoid getting caught with the pennon,
as punishment will be severe. They consider returning it anony-
mously or dropping it in a dumpster somewhere, but decide to
wait for Mark to resurface before making a final decision.
Around 10:00, Cracker and Bonnie leave, taking the pennon
with them.

If the characters interrupt the meeting — be it by lying in wait
for Nikki's arrival, pretending to be Shaker and coming in the front
door or breaking into the apartment while the three changelings
are discussing their choices — the evening's resolution depends on
their actions. Nikki and her friends just want to avoid any trouble
over the whole issue. They give the pennon to the characters if
convinced that their names will be forgotten. If the characters
attack, the three fae fight to defend themselves but seek the most
expedient escape. Characters who use threats or intimidation do
little more than anger Cracker. If angry enough, he launches an
attack against the characters to cover Nikkiand Bonnie while they
grab the pennon and make a break for the fire escape, leading to
an exciting chase through the city streets.

(Urap-up and Loose Cnds

Storytellers who like to punctuate their chronicles with
combat might choose to add a fight at this point. Baron Parke's
spies are subtle and crafty, and might follow the characters to the
meeting, planning to take the pennon from them once they
have secured it. If the characters are working for the baron,
Lilliana Shannon might ambush them so that she can deliver
the pennon and take all the credit. If the characters turned down
Bloodhorn's offer, he might catch wind of the meeting and show
up with his thugs. He might attack all the changelings in Nikki's
apartment, giving the characters a chance to prove themselves
by fighting alongside the three other fae. He might attempt to
discredit the characters by claiming that they work for him,
which they might wish to disprove.

p Book of Lost Dreams

OY,
Q

\

ae


U
\

Once the characters have the pennon in hand, they must
decide what to do with it. Presumably, they contact Chancellor
Gaines and deliver it to him, performing a valuable and certain-
to-be-remembered service for the count. They are granted an
audience, where the count expresses his personal gratitude
while reminding them of the need for secrecy in the matter.
Though the necessary silence prevents him from openly pro-
claiming the characters heroes, he can reward them in other
ways. Having served him once, they may have the opportunity
to serve him again, a "patronage" that is certain to make them
famous.

If the characters turn the pennon over to Baron Parke or
Bloodhorn, however, the Storyteller has some interesting choices
tomake. How does the duke react when he learns that the count
has lost his pennon? If Baron Parke has the pennon, is his claim
that the count is undeserving of title heard, and is he chosen to
take the count's place? If Bloodhorn has it, how does he use it to
further his anti-sidhe crusade?

If the characters deliver the pennon to the count, there
remain other unanswered questions which can serve as the
starting point for further adventures. Who is Bloodhorn and
what exactly is his organization? How does his anger at being
denied manifest itself? What form does Baron Parke's own anger
take? What comes of the three thieves? Where did Mark Shaker
disappear to, and what might he do upon returning and discov-
ering what the characters have done?

as

The world of fae politics is a tumultuous one. Whatever the
characters' choices, they have landed in the middle of a particu-
larly stormy time. Caught between three opposing forces, they
can at best ally themselves with one and make enemies of the
other two. What comes of these choices is sure to make an
interesting story.

Personalities

The following characters play important roles in the reso-
lution of "Capture the Flag." They are fully detailed to help the
Storyteller play them to the fullest.

Chancellor Piper Gaines
(Honoradle Nodleman)

Piper Gaines' memories of Arcadia are frustratingly vague
and fragmented, but he remembers one thing clearly — he has
always served the count. On Earth, he proved himself indispens-
able by foiling two assassination plots from rival lords. He has
always advised the count to keep the commoners' needs fore-
most in his mind, to prove that the sidhe are most fit to rule the
lands of Faerie. Though he is trained in the arts of war as befits
a Seelie knight, he has always preferred the equally dangerous
arena of politics and intrigue. His skills in this area earned him
the position of chancellor 10 years ago, and he has acquitted
himself well since then.

Chapzer Four: Capture the Flag

Zara
oS M/)

Y%

O

SSS

Te

~

GC

x

Wn

Sy

y

Q

RZ

»

SS

SASS

SS


You are honored to serve the count, and are surprised by those
who don't feel the same way. Your long service has accustomed
you to luxury, and you have developed a taste for the finer things
in life. You enjoy sharing these things on occasion with those
who don't have them, as a way of showing what can come of
service to the sidhe.

Quote: I trust you understand what an honor the count is
bestowing upon you by entrusting this task to your care. Should you
succeed, his gratitude is certain. Would you please pass the brandy?

Oliver ‘Bloodhorn' Kress (Fiendish Ploccer!

Oliver Kress was a street cop with a taste for mystery and
occult novels when the flood of Glamour that brought on the
Resurgence awakened him to his true nature. A long-time
protector of innocents, he was horrified by the Night of Iron
Knives massacre and the Accordance War. Though he believed
in authority and discipline, authority belongs to those who earn
the right to wield it. The actions of the sidhe made them
singularly unworthy of the supremacy they claimed. He fell in
with rebellious elements of the Unseelie Court and joined the
Ranters, an organization devoted to tearing down sidhe rule.

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Regent/Riddler
House: Dougal

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Beast/Paladin

House: Commoner (The Ranters)
Seeming: Grump Seeming: Grump

Kith: Sidhe Kith: Satyr

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2 Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Expression 3, Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimida-
Kenning 3, Subterfuge 4, tion 4, Kenning 1, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 3, Melee 3, Perfor- Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Search 3, Security 3,
mance 2, Seduction 2 Stealth 4,

2

Knowledges: Gremayre 4, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 4,

Knowledge: Gremayre 2, Investigation 2, Occult 3

Arts: Chicanery 3, Soothsay 4, Sovereign 4
Realms: Actor 3, Fae 4, Prop 1, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 4, Remembrance 1, Re-
sources 3, Title 2

Vv
»,

S

ra
S

Glamour: 7
Banality: 6
Willpower: 9

* Image: Chancellor Gaines is a Seelie sidhe grump who
dresses in well-made suits, often of dark green or blue linen. He
is thin of frame and slender of face, clean-shaven and quick to
smile. He wears his long, silver-blond hair in a ponytail, held in
place by a piece of silver jewelry worked in a Celtic knot. He
always wears several pieces of silver and gold jewelry, including
rings, a necklace or two and earrings in both ears. The chancel-
lor has a slightly twisted left knee which requires him to walk
with the assistance of a cane.

e

Meo _ gs ~ gen a gn =~ gn ~~ gm ~— iE ~— fn vg oY

Roleplaying Hints: You believe in the rightness of sidhe
rule, most especially the rule of the count. The sidhe have always
taken care of the commoners, and will continue to do so even if
the commoners are too ungrateful to know what's good for them.

56 Book of Lost Dreams


Arts: Chicanery 4, Legerdemain 4, Wayfare 5

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 5, Prop 3, Scene 2

Backgrounds: Chimera 3, Contacts 3, Resources 3, Treasure 3
Glamour: 6

Banality: 8

Willpower: 8

Image: Little is known about Oliver Kress' appearance,
save that he is known to be satyr. Some who speak with him
mention brief flashes of expensive clothing, but Kress wears a
chimerical black cloak that magically wraps him in shadow and
prevents anyone from seeing him clearly. Only the occasional
flash of hooves and the small points his horns make in the cloak's
hood betray his kith. His horns are rumored to be dark red in
color, adding credence to the stories that he spent a lot of time
with redcaps when he was younger.

Roleplaying Hints: You plot and scheme for the day when
the sidhe will learn they are not the natural rulers of Faerie.
Commoners handled their affairs perfectly well for centuries
without them, and their return brought nothing but pain and
suffering. You will stop at nothing to see your goals accom-
plished, and there is much blood on your hands. You have a hard
time remaining calm when trying to convince others that they
should help your cause; your satyr blood runs hot, and your anger
runs away with you if you think about the wrongs of the sidhe for
too long. You do not take well to being denied, and you always
remember those who refuse you, especially if they serve the
sidhe.

Quote: If you won't see that the sidhe won't stop until we're all
slaves, then you deserve what you get from them. Miserable kiss-ass!
I won't forget this.

Lilliana Shannon (Poisonous Vixen)

Lilliana Shannon has always had something to prove. The
daughter of an Eiluned sidhe exiled for plotting to assassinate his
rightful lord, she has always labored under a shadowy legacy. She
left her home far away to find a new court where she could escape
her father's name and earn one of her own. She secured a minor
place with Baron Parke and set herself to proving her value. Her
ability to ferret out information quickly earned the baron's
respect, but she created a long list of disgruntled lovers in the
process. She is currently one of the baron's most valued "detec-
tives," and the stolen pennon represents a great opportunity.
Court: Seelie
Legacies: Courtier/Peacock
House: Eiluned
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Sidhe
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 6
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Expression 3,
Intimidation 3, Kenning 1, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Leadership 1, Melee 2,

Knowledges: Computer |, Enigmas 3, Gremayre 2, Investiga-
tion 4, Politics 2,

Arts: Primal 3, Sovereign 1
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 2, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Dreamers 2, Mentor 2, Resources 2
Glamour: 5
Banality: 3
Willpower: 5

Image: The classic image of a sidhe woman, this wilder's red
hair flows in long waves to her waist, looking somewhat like a
lion's mane. Her eyes are large and almond-shaped, accenting
lips perpetually set in a slight pout. A look of calculation subtly
undermines her beauty, however, giving her a cold appearance.
She prefers to wear lace-collared white shirts belted over tight,
clinging pants of a dark color. She does not use cosmetics and
wears little jewelry, usually nothing more than a pair of silver
hoop earrings and a simple silver chain around her neck.

Roleplaying Hints: You are beautiful, intelligent and gifted,
and you know it. All around you are inferior people, everyone a
stepping stone. Everyone is a tool first and foremost, their
emotions levers you use to get them to do your bidding. Men are
especially easy to manipulate, since their brains usually stop
functioning once they look at you, and sex has the double
benefit of being a useful tool and a lot of fun. You serve Baron
Parke partly out of house loyalty, but mostly for the sake of
furthering your ambition. If the baron advances his career, he is
certain to advance the career of the one who helped him most.
Nothing will stand in your way. Not for long, anyway.

Quote: Oh yeah, that feels so-o-o-0 good. Mmmmmmmmm.
Did you get those pictures I asked you for? No! What do you mean,
no? <thump> Get the hell out of my bed! What good are you?

Chapter Four: Capture the Flag >]

=)
a)
=


4

Douglas Bender (Facherly CDechanic)

Douglas Bender grew up working with spare parts and junk
cars in the lot behind his father's auto body shop. He and his
brother left school to work in the shop full time when their
father died of a heart attack, and the two were able to keep the
shop afloat and support the family. In time, they earned a
reputation as dependable and skilled craftsmen, and the shop
prospered. One week, when Dave was struck by a terrible flu,
Doug worked almost round the clock to keep up with the work.
Something overtook Doug one night, and he finished almost
three days' work in a furious burst of blinding speed and skill. He
was so wrapped up in the need to finish that he didn't notice the
new world he could see until the next morning, when he finally
took a break.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Grotesque/Crafter

House: Commoner

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Boggan

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 1, Streetwise 1
Skills: Crafts 4, Drive 3, Instruction 2, Repair 4, Security 2,
Knowledges: Automobiles 3, Enigmas 2, History 2, Science 1
Arts: Primal 4

Realms: Actor 1, Fae 2, Prop 5

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Remembrance 1, Resources 3, Trea-
sures |

Glamour: 4
Banalitye 5
Willpower: 7

eS 58 Book of Lost Dreams

o
a
A

SS

Wop > ~ > >= > >= > >= >

Image: Even when he isn't at his auto body shop, this
boggan grump often wears a pair of denim overalls, a black T-
shirt and solid workman's boots. His baseball cap hides his
balding head, and his short brown beard and mustache are
heavily shot through with gray. He seems to study people he
hasn't met yet, showing a neutral expression to those he dislikes
but being open and friendly otherwise. His thick-fingered hands
look clumsy, though they are not. He usually has an oil-stained
rag in his back pocket, when he isn't using it to clean his hands.

Roleplaying Hints: Like most boggans, you love working
with your hands. You and your brother took over your father's
auto body shop while you were in high school, and your
Chrysalis only sharpened your appreciation for your craft. Like
most grumps, you're a little on the irritable side, especially
around youngsters. They have no sense of courtesy, and that's
what's wrong with the world. When a youngster minds his
manners, then maybe, just maybe, he's all right. You have a soft
spot for anyone down on his luck, and you'll give anyone the
benefit of the doubt, once. Most folks prove to be okay, if you
give them halfachance. You get a burr in your shorts when sidhe
are around, though. Worse than rude youngsters, they are.

Quote: Yessir, we can have that ready for you before the end of
business tomorrow. Nosir, there's nothing to worry about. We can
replace your fender with an exact match, and even get the color right,
too.

Nikki CDoore (Scarving Arcisc)

Nikki Moore always had a flare for painting and drawing.
Despite her obvious talent, she has had no success with selling
her work, so she labors away in her small apartment, hoping for
the day when recognition and fame strike. She first met Cracker
at a punk club, where she had gone with her friend Bonnie to
blow off steam. Though the nocker was rude and not much to
look at, he had a fire and a magnetism that drew Nikki to him.
Under his influence, she has indulged her eshu nature much
more freely. One night, Cracker introduced her to Mark Shaker,
a long-time friend of his. In a fit of abandon she agreed to take
part in a prank Mark had in mind and helped steal the count's
pennon. Only afterward did Mark reveal that he had been hired
to play the "prank," and at that point, Nikki's unusual pragma-
tism took over.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Troubadour/Fatalist

House: Commoner

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Eshu

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 2, Kenning 3, Streetwise |

Skills: Crafts 2, Painting 3, Performance 2, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Art History 2, Enigmas 2, Gremayre 1, Linguistics 1,
Occult 2, Science |

re

Arts: Legerdemain 2, Soothsay 2
Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Scene 3
Backgrounds: Chimera 1, Contacts 1, Mentor 3, Resources 1

Glamour: 4
Banality: 3
Willpower: 4

Image: This eshu wilder has an olive complexion and
luxurious, long black hair that she usually keeps in a thick
ponytail. She prefers to dress in black, usually wearing black
tights, turtleneck and boots. When she breaks up her mono-
chromatic look, she usually does so with an oversized sweater of
some other dark color. She has a penetrating gaze that can often
be unsettling, as though condensing whomever she is looking at
into something she can use in her art.

Roleplaying Hints: You've always had the knack for ex-
pression that comes with your eshu blood, but your talent takes
shape in images and painting rather than tales and words. Your
art often requires isolation, which leaves you constantly at war
with your nature. From time to time, your desire for social
interaction overwhelms your self-discipline. When this hap-
pens, you tend to turn into a wild party girl, taking chances and
courting danger for a few moments of fun. Afterward, you
usually find yourself wondering what got into you and resolving
to be more disciplined in the future.

Quote: You know, I'd really love to go dancing tonight, but I'm
so close to finishing this piece that I really should stay home and work
on it. <pause> Oh, the hell with it, let's go!

Cracker (Redeltious Punk}

Cracker's mother was a prostitute who had little time to
care for him, and he never knew his father. At a young age he
survived on the streets and took care of himself, often doing odd
jobs for his mother's "co-workers." His familiarity with humanity's

ON

° .
"image of a grunge rocker. He wears heavily worn combat boots,

Sy

carnal nature gave him a natural way with the ladies, and he
recently enchanted two mortal women, just for the hell of it. As
a teen, he fell in with Mark Shaker, who helped him adjust to a
new life as a changeling. They have committed all kinds of petty
crimes, and Cracker has a rap sheet as long as War and Peace.
When Mark suggested the pennon prank, he was all for it,
whatever the potential trouble. Now that the deed is done and
Mark has disappeared, however, he's a little worried they might
have gone over the edge.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Fool/Wayfarer

House: Commoner

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Nocker

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimidation 2,
Streetwise 4

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 1, Melee 2, Search 1, Security 2,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Law 1, Local Geography 2, Medi-
cine |

Arts: Primal 1, Wayfare 2
Realms: Fae 1, Prop 2, Scene 2

wa

Backgrounds: Contacts2, Mentor 1, Resources 1, Retinue 1
Glamour: 4

Banality: 4

Willpower: 4

Image: This nocker wilder strives to present the perfect

well-stained torn denim jeans and a tattered old green leather
jacket painted with symbols and names of modern bands. His
hair is so short it bristles, and he has pierced both ears (the left
one twice), his nose and his right eyebrow. The back of his left
hand is covered with a large spider tattoo. His cheeks are pock-
marked and somewhat sunken, as though he were suffering from
malnutrition.

=

}

Roleplaying Hints: You are a child of the modern world, a
lost soul adrift in a sea of defiance and rebellion, belittling those
who are better off to avoid admitting that you envy them. You
are a thrill-seeker with a short temper, and there's nothing more
fun than a good old-fashioned slug-fest. Many of your friends feel
the same way, and it's them more often than not that you beat
up, just for kicks. You've been friends with Mark Shaker for
years, and you've always been a little envious of his fighting
skills. He's a redcap, though, so that's to be expected. He usually
has great ideas for new and interesting ways to get into trouble,
and hanging with him is never boring.

Quote: Let's go knock over that little store with the nacho
machine. I love hittin' that place, you get food and cash in one stop.
After that, let's go see what Diane and Sheena are up to....

Chapter Four: Capture the Flag 99

a3


\

Rs
a
4
A
yA
A

Bonnie (Coy Groupie)

The only daughter of middle-class, wishy-washy parents,
Bonnie is a spoiled little girl who is used to getting her way. She
learned at an early age how to wrap her father around her little
finger, and often applies the same skill to other men. She spent
most of her adolescence going to concerts and reading trashy
fantasy novels. When her father recently demanded that she do
something with her life, she decided that a career as a beautician
would be fun and let her meet a lot of people. She met Nikki
while working, and the two quickly became friends despite the
bad job she did on Nikki's hair. She's gotten better since then
with practice. She has strong memories of Arcadia, and some
think Bonnie is a reborn sidhe who died during the Accordance
War.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Peacock/Wayfarer

House: Commoner

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Pooka

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Athletics 1, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Expression 1, Kenning
3, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge | .
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Hair & Cosmetics 2, Performance
1, Seduction 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Computer 2, Politics 1, Rock Bands 2

Arts: Chicanery 3

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2

Backgrounds: Contacts |, Dreamers 1, Remembrance 2, Re-
sources |

Glamour: 7

Banality: 3

Willpower: 3

Image: A curvaceous young woman, this pooka wilder likes
to wear short, revealing, clingy dresses in bright colors and knee-
high white leather boots. She keeps her curly brown hair short,
and wears a lot of make-up and some simple jewelry. Her chubby

Book of Lost Dreams

cheeks make her face somewhat reminiscent of a chipmunk's.
Her bright eyes and ever-present smile give her a cheer that is
infectious. She has a small tattoo of a rose near the top of her
right breast, where it just peeks out under the necklines of the
dresses she usually wears.

Roleplaying Hints: You are, quite literally, a party animal.
You love dancing, drinking and dabbling with drugs. If there's
a cool rock show in town, you're there, and you usually have no
trouble getting backstage. Some say you're too quick to hop in
the sack, but that's never bothered you or the guys, who usually
leave exhausted. You're always looking for fun and excitement,
‘cause life is pretty boring otherwise. You've been friends with
Nikki for a while now, and lucky for her. Otherwise, she'd never
leave her apartment and have some fun. This thing with the
pennon, though, that's got you nervous. Stealing it was fun, but
now you're worried about what the count will do.

Quote: Of course I'm supposed to be here. Do you really think
I would lie to you about it? Look at me, do I look like the kind of person
who would lie about something like this?

A — ga gn ne ~ ga a ge ~~ gn ~~ ge = > a


and Storytellers alike. Herein

ng and other

lost informati

@ Complete crossove
@ New rules to expand
including expanded cantr:

@ An introductory Chingelitg adventure.

re options and possibilities

us e — = = aS -

CEN CHG ie

ISBN 1-56504-717-6
WW 7302 $15.00 U
