# File: Book Of The Wyld.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


£4 Ribard Darky, Lita Jark-Fekthmar, Shannon W. Plemneny \
ad Ruck Fonet x



the Birthing

She came to me, and I knew why before she ever
spoke a word. I could see the shivering of her hands,
and the cold sweat that covered her upper lip. The
worty and fear that wrinkled her brow confirmed that
she was scared to death about the revelation that had
come upon her.

She wasn't the first child chat I had seen in that
predicament; they come all too often these days. Every
one of them seems like a baby herself, young, unsure
and frightened

Nonetheless, she tried to act confidently, as ifshe
knew exactly what she had gotten herselfinto. lalmost
laughed at her feminism. She was perhaps a year out of
her First Rites, and already she was acting the part of
astrong, individual woman. I invited her to sit, and she
did so, fidgeting with the seam at the bottom of her
shirt. She glanced up and realized that I was watching
her, and she immediately clasped her hands together
to keep them from moving.

I asked her if she would like some tea, and she
shook her head. I could see her swallow her nausea at
the thought of putting something in her stomach
There was a moment of silence, and so I finally asked,

"What can I do for you, Gail?" She paused for a
moment, and finally mustered her courage to reply

"{have heard that you are very wise in the ways of
birthing. Is this true?" Her voice came out shakily, and
she cleared her throat quietly.

Inodded. "That is true. Are you in need of someone
like that?" A quick, affirmative nod was the reply. I
wondered for a moment how old she was: sixteen,
seventeen? I knew that she would become angry, defen-
sive, if I dared to ask. In the eyes of her pack, she was a
woman, with all of the privileges and responsibilities
that came alongwith the title. In my eyes, she wasalittle
girl who had bitten off more than she could chew.

"Have you spoken with your elders about this?" I
persisted.

Again, she nodded. "They sent me to you."

"Have you told your mate?"

She made a careless gesture. "It's none of his
concern."

"Are you sure about that?"

She gave me a look of warning, which, on her baby
face, looked more like a pout.

Legends of the Garou: The Birthing


"Very well, then." I commented. Gail wouldn't
have been the first young Fury to immediately dismiss
the father of her child out of her life. I suppressed a sigh
as | handed her a pillow to sit upon to make her feel
more comfortable. I asked her how far along she was;
she told me a month or two, as far as she could
remember. I wondered how it was that she couldn't
recall the exact moment of her impregnation. None
are as close to the cycle of life as the Furies, but she was
young, and probably didn't think that she had time for
such introspection. | asked if any of her kin knew of the
good news, and she told me that she had not shared her
secret with anyone, save her elders and myself. I
questioned if she was ready to bring a child into the
world, and she gave me another one of those disap-
proving looks that brought a smile to my face. After a
bit of discussion, I told her that I would coach her
through the miracle that had occurred to her. Gail
smiled, but | could tell that she only did so because she
thought it was expected of her. The thought of giving
birth was almost more than she could handle. She had
no concept of the importance of being a mother.

1 wondered what her mother had been like, how
nurturing and kind. Gail looked as if she had been
beaten down long before she had ever seen any of the
horrors that our people witness. She was in no position
to bring another life into the world. There was no doubt
in my mind that her poor babe would live a life of
hardship as Gail's temper and frustration would mani-
fest itself — if she didn't abandon the child to someone
else's care, the better to pursue her Garou life. The
expectations of her newly discovered selfhad driven her
to become something long before she was ready.

But that is also rather common these days. I won't
go into how I feel about the young Garou being forced
into adulthood before they are prepared; these days
the eldest amongst us say that it is a necessity. In-
stead, I will merely tell the tale of a young, frightened
girl who looked for answers to questions that she
could not even conceive.

Atfirst, Gail suffered through my ministrations and
questions about her condition. I understood that she
truly wanted nothing to do with the pregnancy, but
abortion is simply not an option amongst our kind. She
seemed unusually morose, and I wondered if she would
slip into Harano. The thought of that horrific fate for
one so young senta chill through my bones. I vowed that
1 would not let it come to pass if I could prevent it.

After a month of caring for her morning sickness,
and aches and pains, I decided to address her situation

openly. "Gail," I asked, "how do you feel about the gift
that Mother Gaia is going to grant you?"

She gave me that all too familiar insincere smile.
"Lam proud to bring new life to this world, that Gaia
might bless her and continue the strength of our tribe."

I mused over her statement and wondered whom
she had once heard that from. She was a miserable
wreck and resented the swelling of her young body.
She feared being left behind — her pack wouldn't have
the luxury of waiting for her to give birth, and without
a pack's constant presence, none of our kind are
complete. To her, the pregnancy was a meaningless
inconvenience, and worse.

"You seem overly tired," I diagnosed. "In order to
keep your strength and your wits about you, we need to
take action." Her head perked up, and she raised a
questioning eyebrow. "I want you to close your eyes
and relax for a bit. Focus on making your breathing
slow and steady." Like a good pup, she obeyed, but I
could tell this was neither relaxing nor beneficial to
her. I tried to give her different focus points, but she
continued to fidget, as if her worries and frustrations
ambushed the corners of her mind.

I continued to meet with her over the next few
weeks, and there was no improvement in her medita-
tions, or her attitude. She began to grow plumper, and
tried to hide this under baggier clothing. I asked about
her diet, knowing that she was not eating what was
healthy or necessary despite what she told me. I needed
to take a different approach. Gail would never gain
acceptance, much less joy, from the miracle within her
if she did not change. | told her of the great happiness
that comes from being a mother, | spoke of the thrill of
watching a child grow, I talked about many things, but
nothing seemed to touch her. I could feel my own.
frustrations build as time went on. Her elders would call
upon me and speak of her growing depression, asking if
I could give her a remedy. I tried every herbal cure that
I knew of, to no avail. I spent many nights pondering
over what could be done to improve her situation.

Gail came to me one day, and I checked her
physical condition. A frown covered her face, and
when I asked what was wrong she claimed that she was
merely tired. I looked her straight in the eye and said,
"[refuse to help you any further if you do not speak the
truth with me." I might as well have slapped her across
the face. Her cheeks turned red as she swallowed her
anger. "Gail, this should be the most exciting time in
your life. Not all creatures are as blessed to feel the
growth of life like you can."

Book of the Wyld


Gail spat, "If this is good luck, I hate to see what
bad luck is like." I grimaced at her bold statement,
"What do you mean?" I carefully asked.

"It's like this," she started, "I don't even know why I
am doing this. It seemed like a good idea at the time, but
now I despise it. It disgusts me. Look at me!" she ex-
claimed, pointing to her rounding belly. I could see how
the years of growing up in human society had damaged
her vision of what a beautiful woman should be.

"Ican'trun," she half-sobbed. "I can't fight. I can't
shift any more, not even to smell a track. They won't
let me go with them. I'm stuck in this human form, and
it's so ugly and useless now! |—"

1 felt my own anger rise and she abruptly fell
silentas the tension entered my face. I closed my eyes
foramoment to consider her words. She satas silently
as a mouse.

"You're a selfish brat," I finally commented, "no
better than the vain women that you curse for their
shallow world view."

"I don't have to take this," she said as she started
to rise.

"You will sit until I dismiss you," | ordered. She
blinked in surprise, but her butt immediately found a
seat, "I'm going to explain to you why you are nothing
but a little girl playing grown up." Her face was posi-
tively crimson, but she remained motionless.

"With the exception of yoursisters, no other being
on the face of Gaia has the capacity to marvel at birth
like you do. But instead of praising our Mother for what
has been bestowed upon you, you curse it and wallow
inself-pity. You wonder if men see youas the attractive
young flirt that you were. You starve yourself and your
child in an effort to prevent the growing of your body.
You hide yourself in embarrassment, hoping that no
‘one's eyes will rest upon you for too long. You resent
your packmates for being concerned for your safety. |
pity you. Perhaps it would be best if you ran away and
stuffed your babe in a garbage pail like young human
girls do." My tone wasscathing, and her frown trembled
as tears threatened to fall.

"Why are you being so cruel?" Gail accused.

"Why do you deny your birthright?"

Gail remained silent fora time; her pride wouldn't
allow her to cry. I could see her struggle to save face.

"[ want to tell youa story, the tale of your legacy."

I sat down across from her.

eee

Long ago there was a turmoil amongst our people,

and the One Tribe split into many. As the new septs

grew, all of them sought a way to please Mother Gaia,
to comfort the tears that she shed at the dissolving of
the union of the Garou. Some tribes chose the warrior's
path, others became leaders, or lords of great territo-
ries. There was one young Garou who wandered from
place to place, looking for acceptance, finding none.
She saw the great deeds that the tribes performed in
homage to Gaia, but she felt that their ways were not
hers. She became discouraged that she could not find
a way to please the Mother of us all. For years she
wandered, finding no solace to the empty aching that
filled her bones. She found a village of humans who,
had not been touched by the Impergium. There she
stayed for a time, tending to the needs of those people
and letting them tend to hers.

Still, she felt an emptiness within her, and the
winds whispered to her, beckoning her to wander
more. So with heaviness in her heart, she parted ways
with the village, looking for the path that Gaia called
her to. She found herself in the Umbra, which in those
times was more confusing than what we know now.
There were almost none of the constricting bands of
the Weaver, and it was a time before the Wyrm grew
brazen in his madness. It was the ultimate wilderness
filled with wonders unimagined by Garou today. The
Umbra was the mighty kingdom of the Womb of our
Mother. Life filled the very air in those days. Rather
than rejoice at what she saw, she felt alienated and
abandoned. She feared that she would never find that
which would bring her peace. Certainly Gaia frowned
upon her. What great acts could she perform that
others of her kind had not?

She called out to our Mother for guidance. ‘How
can I serve you when I don't understand what you
require? Is there no way for me to honor you!' Grief
filled her, and she lamented for the passing ofamoon,
refusing to eat or sleep. She lay upon the ground,
ignoring the curious spirits that swirled about her.
Finally the hollow pit of her stomach called to her,
and her instinct drove her to find nourishment. As
she hunted, she came across a glade where game was
plentiful. She gave thanks to Gaia as she found a
meal. As she filled her belly, she noticed that the
place seemed different than any other she had ever
encountered. Her senses amplified as she looked
about. Every hair stood on end as she lifted her nose
to scent what was wrong.

All of the beasts and plants sang their stories to
her. In that moment she knew the terror of a young
bird, testing its wings for the first time. She felt the
discomfort of a fern that was nibbled upon by a rabbit,

Legends of the Garou The Birthing


and the pain of a stag that was taken down by a
creature mightier than it was. She sat, dumbfounded
by the humming that threatened to deafen her. Every
living thing spoke to her, and she understood in that
moment the cycle of creation intimately. Like a
lover's whisper, it thrilled her soul in a way that those
of other tribes would never know.

She grew drunk with the Wyld spark that had
come to her. She understood the pangs and ecstasies of
creation; she could feel them in her very soul. The
newfound knowledge threatened to drive her into
insanity as her mind whirled with the infinite possibili-
ties of creation. She laughed and cried at the same
time, as the sensation began to carry her away.

The beating of her own heart thundered in her ears
like a metronome, the giddy sensation of the blood
that flowed through her veins made her dizzy. It was
then that she noticed something amiss. Asshe strained
tohear, she came toa sudden revelation. She was a part
of the great cycle as new life nested in her own womb.
She marveled at how she could not have known before
as she reached to nurture the babe that rested within
her body. A tiny heartbeat shadowed her ownas it grew
second by second, waiting for its time to be born,

She had never heard anyone speak of the sanctity
of insight or the humbling nature of creation. She
wondered why no one had ever taught her such
things, and as she pondered the issue before her, she
felt a veil lift before her. Beneath the structure of all
of the creatures of the glade, she could see the swirling
of a strange, amorphous energy. It danced through
the trees and tickled the wind. It was everywhere,
whirling about as it fed an intangible meal of vivacity
to the very land itself.

What a precious thing, the diversity of life! It was
then that she knew what she must do.

Breathless with excitement, she hurried from the
glade to share her newfound discovery with her people.
She came upon the first sept, and explained to them
what she had come to know. They merely looked at
her with confusion. Didn't all creatures give birth?
Why was she any different? She tried to explain how
she felt, and they mocked her. She traveled to the
next sept, and they also laughed at her revelation. It
was then that she realized that there would be no one
who would understand the miracle of birth as she did.
This caused her a great sadness that there would be
none who would come to know what she had. Dis-
couraged, she sat to contemplate these things when
she heard a barely whispered voice speak to her. It

said, ‘I understand, as will my daughters, and their
daughters, and theirs also."

She then knew how it was that she would be able
to honor Mother Gaia, by venerating the Womb of our
Mother. And so, through the ages, the unshakable,
absolute understanding of the start of life has been
passed from mother to daughter amongst our tribe. We
nurture it, we tend to it, and we let it thrive.

In these days of uncertainty, distractions threaten
to choke the thread that ties us to the Womb of our
Mother. But if you sit silently and listen, you can hear
it draw breath, waiting to whisper secrets to your ears.

.

Llooked up from my tale, and saw that Gail's hands
curled around her belly. A look of guilt crossed her face
as she realized the sacrilege that she had committed
against Gaia's gift to us. Silent tears rolled down her
baby cheeks and her lip curled into a pout. For a time,
she could not bring herself to look up. She had been
terribly shamed by her actions.

"Now do you understand what it is to truly be a
woman of this tribe?" I asked quietly. She nodded her
head, her throat too tight to reply aloud. "Don't grieve
about what is past," | offered gently.

"I didn't know..."

I moved to her side and placed a comforting arm
around her. I knew how she felt. | had once been a
brash young Fury, full of the feeling of invincibility
that the discovery of the gift of our Gaian blood
provides. It would not be until many years later as |
grew wiser that I would realize that purging the min-
ions of the Wyrm wasn't the most important thing. No
matter how great the warrior is amongst us, no matter
how learned the Theurge or how kind the healer; none
understands the seasons of creation as well as the
mothers of our tribe.

Without that understanding, our people are most
assuredly doomed.

Gail would birth her baby that autumn. A beau-
tiful young girl, born under the full light of Luna. |
smiled at the challenges that her mother would face
as she grew. As I handed Gail her child for the first
time, I saw a look in her eye that had not been there
before. There was no doubt in her mind that she had
given Gaia the greatest praise, the most precious
homage, the most sincere respect by bringing life to
this seemingly hopeless world.

It was in that moment that Gail became a woman.

Itwas in that moment that! felta renewal of hope.

Creation must always go on.

Book of the Wyld


Legends of the Garou The Birthing


Authors: Richard Dansky, Lisa Clark-Fleishman,

Shannon W. Hennessy and Rick Jones

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Richard Kane Ferguson, Jeremy Jarvis, Jeff Rebner
Cover Art: Richard Kane Ferguson

Apologies to Jeremy Jarvis, whose name was acci-

dentally omitted from the Rokea artists' credits. He is
responsible for the fine-looking sharks found in Chap-
ter Four: Secrets of the Deep in Rokea as well as the
fantastic bestiary illustrations in Chapter Three: Wyld
Children of this book.

— Aileen E. Miles, Art Director

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

735 PARK NORTH BLD.
& SUITE 128
CuarxsTON, CA 30021

USA
GAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West,
Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Werewolf Storytellers Companion, Book of the Wyld, Caerns
Places of Power, Ananasi, Ratkin, Axis Mundi the Book of Spirits, Werewolf the Dark Ages, Book of the Weaver, Guide
to the Technocracy, World of Darkness Blood and Silk, and Project Twilight are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,
Inc. All rights reserved, All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454- WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

Book of the Wyld


Cont
Legewdt of the Carcy: The Exehbhng 2
lopcodiction: The Wife Light from the oufh of lifoohty 10
Capper One: Cormofogy LS
uaffer To: The Circaf, Niyf Worl Go
rather Three: Wild Hiton 2
Dapper Pour:A Pareffof Of act &§
Dapper Pie: Took of Creation 412 NC

Contents 9

CL EL SE Se SS POY A ONY

| NWS


Have you ever gone walking through the woods
alone and near dusk? During that time towards the end
of the day when everything seems to turn blue fora few
moments? When you do take that walk, do you ever
feel like you are not wanted? Like a stranger in a
familiar yet strange land? Are you an interloper? Do
you hear the groan of the trees, and the rustle of
underbrush? And when you sense the sudden stillness
of the canopy above you and the sudden silence of the
otherwise conversational katydids, do you know some-
where inside of you, when the alarms of adrenaline and
instinct go off like klaxons, that you are not at all
welcome where you tread?

You're not alone. The Garou feel it, too.

Low fo Use Tht Book

Book of the Wyld is a resource designed to help
the Storyteller better understand and effectively use
what is quite possibly the most heavily debated enigma
surrounding the cosmology of the Garou: the Wyld
Due to the very chaotic nature of what the Wyld is, it
can at times be a difficult hurdle for a Storyteller to
leap, and even mote difficult for players to relate to
when playing in a chronicle that involves elements of
this most elusive member of the Triat. While this book

Introduction: The White Light from the Mouth of Infin

a A SO Ae EN

attempts to capture some semblance of a defining
mood for the Wyld, Storytellers are encouraged to
experiment. The Wyldis, in buta word, possibility. To
attempt to break the very source of universal chaos,
change and possibility down to its most basic compo-
nents is next to impossible. Chaos, change and possi-
bility mean just as many different things to different
people as they do to the different tribes of the Garou
Nation and the collected Changing Breeds. Each tribe
and Breed believes they know what the Wyld is and
that the definition they support is the correct defini-
tion. And they're all right... to a degree

The information in this book isnot presented asan
iron-fisted, non-negotiable and writ in stone set of
rules and regulations regarding the Wyld. Rather, it is
meant toaid you in your quest to understand the Wyld.
It is meant to show you the Wyld as a universal force
that can directly and indirectly affect the world in
which the Garou live (and die). At the very least this
book should serve to dispel a few misconceptions that
even the most hardened veterans of Werewolf: The
Apocalypse might hold regarding the basic nature of
the Wyld. Storytellers are encouraged to take the
material provided in this book and use it as a founda-
tion for developing even more philosophies regarding

ity

11


the Wyld. Given the number of shapeshifters out there
who all have their own ideas, the more the merrier.
Take what you need, leave what you don't need for
others to assimilate into their differing visions. Always
remember that the very essence of the Wyld is, by and
large, possibility. When you're dealing with the uni-
versal source of possibility, chaos and constant change,
literally anything goes. You can most certainly adapt
‘one, a few or all of the ideas in this book to suit your
needs as a Storyteller for applying the Wyld to your
own, private World of Darkness.

Legends of the Garou: The Birthing sets the
for this book with a brief glimpse at why the
rou still venerate the Wyld — rightly or wrongly.

Introduction: The White Light from the Mouth
of Infinity, is the basic introduction to this book and
seeks to dispel the frequent misconceptions that old
and new Werewolf: the Apocalypse players and Sto-
rytellers may hold regarding the Wyld. In addition,
here you'll find a basic explanation of the Wyld's
importance to the Garou Nation as well as its relation-
ship to Gaia, and a basic overview of how a Storyteller
might use the Wyld in his chronicle

sta

Chapter One: Cosmology takes a glance at the
metaphysical aspects of the Wyld, both historically and
currently, particularly from the perspective of the Chang-
ing Breeds most interested in the Wyld's welfare.

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World examines
Wyld places of low Gauntlet in the World of Darkness.
This chapter also attempts to give examples of mani-
fested pockets of Wyldenergy throughout the Tellurian.
The mystery and unpredictable nature of these places
bundled with the utter lack of any semblance of order
have a decided effect on the world and its denizens.

Chapter Three: Wyld Children is the "Wyld
Bestiary" of sorts, this chapter offers storytellers the
means and the methods to employ minions of the
Wyld in their chronicles. Information concerning
gorgons, spirits and other resources for personifica-
tion of the Wyld in your chronicle are available in
this chapter

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos is the
Storyteller's assistant for sifting through all this infor-
mation and distilling it into a chronicle. It presents
information concerning historical chronicles, using
guest stars with Wyld ties, alternate settings, and
guidelines for the psychological effects of exposure to
the Wyld

Finally, Chapter Five: Tools of Creation details
the cogs and sprockets of Wyld mechanics. For dessert,
enjoy the included Wyld fetishes and rites, guaranteed
to add a little randomness to your chronicle.

12 Book of the Wyld

[POE Le Ps ET DL TR ianinmmmemmiamer /.

Leathe Ute of he Wilf
Fipwdamental act

First off, it's important to clarify that the Wyld and
Gaia are not the same entity. Yes, some Garou or other
members of the Changing Breeds do associate who
they are and what they do with the universal force of
creation; they feel a connection to the Wyld because
of their ability to shapeshift, to go beyond the "laws" of
the material world. But shapeshifters are Gaia's chil-
dren first and foremost.

Gaia, as the shapeshifters understand Her, is life
—the whole of everything experienced and all that is
known by every living being, both in the physical
world and in the Umbra. Though the Tellurian is
technically larger, encompassing everything from the
heart of the world to the furthest star visible in the
night sky to the very air we breathe, Gaia is so much
larger than the planet Earth.

Gaia is, by some definitions, the personified sum
and order of causes and effects; the power which
produces the phenomenon known to the Garou as the
Triat. She is all of the collected agencies that carry on
the processes of creation and of being in total, while
the Triat represents the detail of Her power. While it
is uncertain as to whether or not there is an intelli-
gence (alien or otherwise) inherent to any single
member of the Triat, it is absolutely certain that Gaia
is not only intelligent, but also very much sentient —
even though Her sentience is ona much greater scale
than any mortal can really understand.

Other modes of thought place Gaia below the
Triat, claiming that the Triat is responsible for all the
Tellurian, and Gaia is merely a local "awakened spot"
of the universe. (If this is true, then the Garou had best
hope that the Wyrm's corruption is merely a local
problem — because if the Wyrm is the size of one-third
of the universe, there's no possible way they can
prevent it from destroying the world once it's ready.)

But no matter the truth, it's very clear that the
Triat and Gaia are not the same thing. The Wyld may
be an agent as well as a personification of but one of
Gaia's abilities or, if you prefer, a spiritual representa-
tion of the more primal forces that serve Her as a
whole. It may also be greater than Gaia, the creative
force from which Gaia came. Either way, it isn't Gaia.
It's something else.

The Wyld is the fuel on which nature thrives. Itis,
however, not nature. Nature is tangible and compre-
hensible. The Wyld is neither of these things; how-
ever, nature could not exist without the Wyld.

The Wyld provides the raw force that becomes life
as we understand and perceive it. As creatures of nature,


our affinity with the Wyld on a practical level is quite
simple; without the Wyld we would not exist. The very
essence of our forms and the forms of all other living
things within the whole of creation are sculpted from the
energies commanded and provided by the Wyld

What the Myf Doat

Man has attempted to harness and control the raw
forces of nature and subdue that which he feels lies
within his dominion since he learned to sharpen
spearheads and cook food with flame. The farther
along this path of existence that man has traveled
throughout his tenure on earth, the more polluted the
path has become with the carcasses of that which he
has destroyed in ignorance. Balance might have flour-
ished at some point throughout all that is Gaia, but it
has long since been lost and, at least where mankind is
concerned, forgotten for the most part. Creation is
corrupted from within; the force of order has, ina fit of
narcissism, gone quite mad. The Wyld's energies are
less and less prevalent in the Tellurian as its Triatic
counterparts run roughshod and unchecked, and this
is the overwhelming theme where the cosmology of
Werewolf is concerned; the epoch of imbalance haunts
Gaia and all that reside within Her embrace.

The Wyld creates and the Wyld fights to survive
against the constant onslaught of the now mad and
unchecked Weaver and the insane and corrupted
Wyrm. Nothing else, it could be argued, matters to the
Wyld... ifanything can be said to "matter" to a collec-
tive group of universal forces and phenomena. With-
out the Triatic force of balance — the Wyrm — the
Wyld is forced to wage what could be perceived as a
guerrilla war against the Weaver's virtually inescap-
able Pattern Web. The Weaver's web tightens around
the whole of creation as it grows more and more
powerful century after century with the assistance of
mankind, but the Wyld's fluidity allows itaccess through
the small gaps betwixt the strands. The Weaver sets
static limitations on every creature that walks, crawls,
swims or flies, and the Wyld introduces mutation,
adaptability, evolution and chaos. The Wyld is both
creator and remaker, and there are many times that the
lines blur between these two distinct abilities.

How does this matter to the sheer might of the
Weaver? Why is the Weaver so intent on subduing
and, in some cases, obliterating the Wyld? Quite
simply, because the Weaver is completely unable to
perform the tasks assigned to the Wyld. If the Weaver
cannot control the potential of all that she attempts to
add into her Pattern Web for her own needs, then she
will eliminate that which she cannot control from the
entirety of the universe by changing the rules. The
Weaver is mad with jealousy over the Wyld's ability to

create at a whim and to disregard the rules that the
Weaver applies to the entire universe while doing so.
Like a spoiled, self-centered child, the Weaver is
constantly trying to bully that which she covets from
her sibling, in some cases with the use of extreme and
brutal force. While some isolated camps of Gaia's fangs
or their shapeshifting cousins may claim loyalty to the
Wyldand champion its will, believing that the Weaver
is directly responsible for the ills suffered by Gaia, the
Wyld is neither ally nor enemy to any creature or
being. The Wyld simply is. It always has been and will
always fight with unrivalled ferocity to ensure that it
always will be.

In a roundabout way, however, the Garou seem to
hold the same values that one mightapply to the Wyld.
Therefore the answer to the question "Do the Garou
serve the Wyld?" is both yes and no depending on
perspective. The very fact that the Wyld is the foun-
tain from which life, creation and change flow makes
it sympathetic to the Garou as a people. While there
are certain Garou who do boast that they are champi-
ons of the Wyld, the Wyld does not choose sides, per se.
Itsimply is. Conversely, if the Wyld is possibility, then
it is also hope. Hope is, sometimes, all that the Garou
have to keep them fighting their war to preserve Gaia.

This being the case, it's easy to see how and why
some Garou sincerely believe themselves to be cham-
pions of the Wyld. Some would even point out that in
their attempts to set the universe aright, the Changing
Breeds must serve the Wyld because it needs them the
most. If the tables were turned and the maddened
Wyld were on the brink of overwhelming the belea-
guered Weaver, we mightbe hearing tales of the Garou
being "champions of the Weaver."

A good analogy for the Wyld is a virus; a virus does
not choose the vessel that it infects, itsimply does what
it does without conscience or regard to the vessel. It
fights to survive and it replicates itself as quickly as
possible in an effort to maintain its existence for as
long as possible. A virus is neither intrinsically good
nor evil. These are human concepts that cannot be
applied to the universe or to a single aspect of the
greater whole of nature. The Wyld regards humanity
and the Garou — if at all — as nothing more than
vessels created by and fueled with its energies. Unlike
Gaia, the Wyld does not love, nor does it hate. The
Wyld feels no more pain or sorrow at the loss ofa Garou
pack than a human being might feel during the shed-
ding of a few thousand dead skin cells.

It is also fairly important to note that a universe
without the Weaver would be nothing more than a
swirling lava-lamp of chaos and anti-form. For the
energies produced by the Wyld to be of any signifi-

Introduction: The White Light from the Mouth of Infinity 13

aa ee EN


cance or use to Gaia, and hence, the universe, they
must have form and function. They must be able to
maintain and hold their shape and purpose within
nature. While the Weaver has no ability to create in
the same sense as the Wyld, the Wyld has no ability to
specify what it is that it's creating. Nor can it give its
creations a place in the universe among the other
creations that store small particles of its essence and
life force. The conflict that exists between Weaverand
Wyld due to the Wyrm's corruption of the balance is
one of complete and total frustration on the part of the
Weaver and one of seeming desperation the part of the
Wyld. Whether or not this is truly the case has been
argued for centuries not only among the Tribes of the
Garou Nation, but among all the Fera who acknowl-
edge the Triat.

A Whiter fo a Sire

One need not go on a vision quest or a life-long
pursuit of the hidden glades of distant shores to find
evidence of the Wyld in the Tellurian. The Wyld is all

around and everywhere. Every drop of water consumed
by every living thing and every molecule of oxygen
exchanged for carbon dioxide contains the energy and
essence the Wyld. While there is no doubt that the
Wyld thrives in areas of lower Gauntlet, the Wyld's
fluidity allows it the continued ability to squeeze
through the strands of the Pattern Web. Despite the
overall loss of its dominion in the physical world, the
Wyld still manages to hold on in the Umbra. Even in
the near-absolute stasis of a refrigerator, molds, fungus
and bacteria grow and, in more unsanitary conditions,
even thrive.

The Wyld is, quite literally, everywhere in the
World of Darkness in some form or another.

The strength in which the Wyld manifests itself
in the World of Darkness, however, is a whole
different ballgame. The Gauntlet has established
quite a fortress for the Weaver, and the Wyld loses
more and more of its ability to manifest directly in
the world with every strand spun by its orderly sister

Fersonffcaton

Iv's next to impossible for us, being creatures of
emotion and reason, to comprehend the thought
processes (if any can be said to exist) of a collected
phenomenon. Andacollected phenomenonispretty
much what the entirety of the Triat are. The Weaver
does not sit giggling to itself in the center of a giant
spiderweb made of calcified souls. The Wyrm doesn't
necessarily "have it in" for the Wyld or for the Garou
for that matter. By the same token, it is important to
understand that while we creatures of emotion and
reason are but few and finite in the grand scheme of
that which is nature (and hence, Gaia)... the Wyld
is eternal. For all we know, emotion and reason are
nothing more than quaint traits possessed only by
mortal beings. There's no way to even begin to
explain how something that possesses the abilities
and traits normally attributed to the Biblical Judeo-
Christian God truly behaves, or more importantly,
guess at what it might think or remember about itself
and others.

Remember that this is a game. It's all about fun.
Some Storytellers might choose to manifest the
Wyld directly into a story as a whirling dervish of
blood, shit and bones that screams like a banshee
before it ginsus everyone in the Hive. Others might
wish to represent the Wyldas the sheer force of hope
and rebirth, or the coquettish nymph of inspiration
and passion. Some might see the Wyld as far more
belligerent than is presented in this book, while
others might think that we've used silk cords to tie

down the ideas presented here so as not to bruise the
delicacy of that which is the Wyld

No one is wrong. There is no "right" or "wrong"
way to manifest or personify the Wyld. If you don't
at least make some effort to do so, your players will
have no common point of reference for what it is
that they're fighting for or against where the Wyld
and its minions are concerned

Do what you know and interpret the Wyld as
you see fit. Use this book as a guideline, or orches-
trate your own Triat based on your own philosophy
of life, the universe and everything. The interpreta-
tions of the Wyld given here and the personifica-
tions that might be attached to the Wyld throughout
this book are meant only to serve as a blueprint for
the overall concept of the Wyld in Werewolf: the
Apocalypse. They are not, as has been stated, abso-
lutes or the "only" way things can be done.

The Wyld is, if nothing else, possibility. It can be
anything. It can think anything. It can create at will
as easily as it can rend reality from underneath your
feet and throw you headlong into the full moon above
if your Storyteller so desires. Anything is possible
where the Wyld is concerned, and we highly recom-
mend that you explore as many different possibilities
as youare able. The only boundaries of what the Wyld
is, or is not, are those imposed by your own imagina-
tion. That is the only true guideline to what the Wyld
can or cannot do in your World of Darkness.

Book of the Wyld


to reinforce the barrier betwixt the physical and the
spiritual every passing day. While the Weaver has
yet to learn the pattern by which the Wyld itself may
be woven into her web, the Wyld has been forced
into relying on subtlety and isolation if the foot-
holds it establishes in the physical world are to last
very long at all. Thus, it has become increasingly
rare throughout the past century to locate a Thresh-
old of significant power or importance.

How the Wyld manifests in the World of Dark-
ness that you create for your Werewolf game is
going to depend a lot on how you want the Wyld in
the spotlight. The Wyld can be a master of stealth
and subtly or it can be the sheer force of chaos. The
following are a few basic examples of how the Wyld
might manifest in a chronicle. Thresholds, which
are powerful pockets of Wyld energy in the physical
world, will be covered in a later chapter.

Spirits: As with the Wyrm and the Weaver, the
Wyld has a host of spiritual servants that it can call on
in times of need. These spirits are legendary among the
Garou as being some of the most unpredictable deni-
zens of the Umbra and are often quick tempered. Keep
in mind that the spirits of the Wyld are

but distant cousins (if
relatedatall) tothose
ofGaian affinity. The
prospect of introduc-
ing your werewolves
to alien spirits who
can act as friend, foe
or both depending on

their mood can offer a
whole new set of challenges to
both veteran and beginning
players, and as the Sto-
ryteller, youget to bring
life to your own
spiritual
ations. Specific
Wyld-spirits
are covered
later in this
book, and the

cre-

creation guide-
lines and me-
chanics for spirits
can be found in
Werewolf:
t he
Apoca-
lypse,
pp. 234-
240.

* Natural Disasters: When the Wyld strikes out
at the Weaver in wrath, the energies produced often
cause unfocused side-effects that can manifest in the
physical world in the form of sandstorms, mudslides,
brush fires, hurricanes, typhoons, blizzards or flash
flooding. Not every natural disaster that occurs in the
World of Darkness can feasibly be blamed on the
Wyld; sometimes bad weather is just bad weather

However, certain storms, especially those which seem
to defy the very laws of natural science or that have "a
mind of their own" are commonly charged with spiri-
tual energy. More often than not, these storms are born
in the Umbral Realm known as Flux.

Ching fhe Wipf

Why is the Wyld important to the Garou? Why
should the Garou care about the Wyld?

Simple; without the Wyld, there is no Gaia. That
would tragically be the end of the story. Gaia couldno.
more survive the strangulation of complete separa-
tion from the Wyld than a man could survive being
hanged. Gaia needs the Wyld. If the Weaver is Gaia's
skeleton, and the Wyrm Her failed and now cancer-
ous immune system, then the Wyld is most certainly
Her nervous and circulator

systems. The Wyld sup-

plies the raw force of
life that Gaia needs
to remain, well,
alive. This is the at-
titude that many
of the tribes of the
Garou Nation
adopted

have
where the preserva-
tion of the Wyld is
concerned, and
EY while it is some-

4S what different
\ NS from their
normal
battle-
ground
against

4 ' Apoca-
lypse, it is

q
the very

same war.


If you'll pardon us the geeky Star Trek reference,
said show mentions the concept of IDIC: "Infinite
Diversity in Infinite Combinations." This philosophy
basically works on the premise that as long as there are
an infinite number of variables in the universe, then
the adage of "anything is possible" is indeed correct
and very much founded in solid logic.

Ashas been said before at least twice, the Wyldis
possibility. It is the constant variable. It is chaos and
change and fluidity and perpetual motion. The Wyld
is IDIC. Where there is the Wyld, there is possibility
Where there is possibility, there is hope. For many
Garou, this hope may even encompass the staving off
of Apocalypse or more importantly, victory for their
people should the Apocalypse be unstoppable. This
motivation alone, when whispered in the ear of a
player's character as she holds a dying Corax in her
arms, is profound. If shouted at the next Grand Moot
by a sept's most revered Theurge, it should be more
than enough to spark the interest of your players where
chronicles involving the Wyld are concerned. Imag-
ine the Renown a pack would receive if they won the
trust of the Wyldling spirits of Tombstone Lake?

On the flip side, the Wyld can be a formidable
antagonistic potential as well. Being a force of change,
possibility and chaos is not without its dark side.
There are most certainly instances of the Wyld mani-
festing in the World of Darkness in a manner quite
similar to the fire and brimstone God of the Old
Testament with all of the resulting suffering, death
and destruction. Remember, while Gaia may have
picked favorites among Her children depending on
individual perception, the Wyld has no bias towards
that to which it lends its energy. The presentation of
the Wyld as nothing more than the force of change,
unhindered by any delusions of human morality or
conscience is certainly a foil worthy of the Garou and
for testing the mettle of your players' allegiances to
Gaia, the Wyld ot otherwise.

The fluidity of what the Wyld is and what it
represents makes it an excellent resource for experi-
mentation within your games. Unbridled chaos or
unrelenting persistence, birth and life or absorption
and reconstitution, the Wyld is all of this and more. In
the end, it is up to you and how you meet the needs of
your players and the story you create for them.

Nod,
Hope

Even in darkest hours of Gaia's final nights, there
ishope. One of the most dangerous enemiesa werewolf

VA can face is that of Harano, and as long as there is the

16 Book of the Wyld

[PP TS ET, TE LT IY

hope for something better at the end of the long road,
it is an enemy that can be defeated. Without hope or
possibility, some would argue, there is really no rea-
son to play Werewolf: the Apocalypse. Without
hope, the War of Apocalypse has already been lost.
Without hope, Gaia is already dead. Games that use
aquest ora mission as their cornerstone seem to work
best using the mood of hope. Perhaps a forgotten
prophecy regarding the return of the Gurahl has been
discovered, and it mentions a valley deep within the
Rocky Mountains into which bears wander, but from
which they never return?

Fig

The Wyld strikes back at the constant spinning
of the Weaver from time to time. When it does, it
seems to explode in a rush of energies that we would
probably interpret as pain, anger and frustration.
Sometimes even the best-intentioned Garou end up
inthe right placesat the wrong times and bear witness
to the true face of rage.

Fiorror

Let's face it, many of the things that would make
a brave human break out in a cold sweat and start
whimpering won't do much to faze a veteran Garou.
An experienced group of Werewolf players have
been through the wringer in their time and have seen
just about everything, and through the trials and
tribulations of their characters' lives, they've become
confident in their abilities as well as their position as
Gaia's defenders. But what happens when they actu-
ally come face-to-face with the maddening, alien flux
of a manifestation of creation and possibility itself?
What happens when, despite their strength, cunning
and renown, they fall into league with spirits and
beings that regard them as little more than just
another group of creations, if they "regard" them at
all? The horror of the Wyld is that it can do anything,
it can be anything, and its only predictable quality is
that it and its minions are completely unpredictable.
How horrified would it be for a pack of Garou to learn
that their packmate was just dissolved into primor-
dial ooze by what they thought was a Maeljin Incarna,
but what was in actuality a Wyld-spirit of notable
power? What about the packmate that was "just there
a minute ago!" who disappears into the knee-deep
foliage of a town completely overrun by Virginia
creeper or kudzu?

The Wyld is well suited for horror because the
players will never know exactly what to expect. As a
Storyteller, paranoia and horrific unease can be a
powerful ally.


estary

Abscess —Garou terminology fora Wyld Thresh-
old that forms within the bawn of a Caern or Hive.

Gorgon — A Wyld-spirit bound into a physical
host; the "fomori" of the Wyld.

Threshold—A hole punched through the Gauntlet
where the Wyld maintainsasway over the physical world.

Wyldling — A spirit of the Wyld; also used as a
general term for the Wyld's various children and

servitors. Not to be confused with "Wylding," an
Umbral domain of the Wyld.

Aid tona Reowpees avd Reference

Many of the following resources and references
can be accessed in a public library, on the Internet, or
even at a local neighborhood video store. These re-
sources and references are a good direction in which to
start moving if you're uncertain about what exact
manifestations ot role the Wyld might take in your
chronicle. They can also provide more detailed infor-
mation ot serve as inspiration for a chronicle centered
around ot featuring the Wyld and its minions.

Zooks

Sacrament by Clive Barker

The Wendigo and The Willows by Al
Blackwood

The Dark Music by Charles Beaumont

jgernon

Mythago Wood, Lavondyss, and The Hollowing by
Robert Holdstock

Hogfather by Terry Pratchett
Nother

The Perfect Storm, 2000, directed by Wolfgang
Petersen

Deep Rising, 1998, directed by Stephen Sommers

Outbreak, 1995, directed by Wolfgang Petersen

Pet Semetary, 1989, directed by Mary Lambert

Swamp Thing (save your breath — we know),
1982, directed by Wes Craven

The Day of the Triffids, 1962, directed by Steve
Sekely

Ovhwe

The Encyclopedia Mythica

heep://www.pantheon.org/mythica/

The Creation-Evolution Encyclopedia

http://www.pathlights.com/ce_encyclopedia/
Index.htm

Introduction: The White Light from the Mouth of Infinity 17

es ee ee aN



Ancient tales' sing of times unimagined by the

modern world. For the Garou, these stories are incom-
plete fragments of their history. Often confusing and

contradictory in nature, legends of the beginnings of
the Universe speak of the entities that created the sum
of everything in existence. Many appellations have
been hungon the myriad conceptions of what mightbe
the grand creators of All. Every culture has given a
name to the Supreme Being, or beings that they
believe gave birth to life as we know it. The Garou
simply call them the Triat

Though so many legends are passed down through
generations of singers and taletellers, the accurate

accounting of the beginning, if one ever existed at all,
has been lost in the sands of time. Now only shards of
half-remembered stories remain. No known written

record of the beginning can settle the dispute, and so
the Changing Breeds constantly debate which tales
have greater veracity. Many legends have points of
similarity, and these are often regarded as truisms,
though there are certainly no absolute truths concern-
ing creation mythology.

Lb heat Feullily

The Wyld is the ultimate incarnation of chaotic
origin. It gathers, expels, and reabsorbs energy in a
dazzling maelstrom of primordial effluence. The Wyld
is pure, infinite possibility. In essence, it is the force of
creation distilled. The Wyld's influence in the Triat is
of monumental importance. Were it not for the Wyld's

constant birthing of new matter, the Weaver would be
left without the raw materials she would need to better
dd order and structure to Gaia; and the Wyrm, having

nothing to balance, would lie still. Stagnation is not

balance. More importantly, if not for the Wyld, Gaia

would surely die.

If, as some theorize, the Weaver is Gaia's mind,
reasoning, logic and stability, and the Wyrm Her
immune system turned caustic and cancerous, then the
Wyld is not only Her life's blood, but the heart that
pumps it. In a great macrocosm the Triat functioned as
the cycle of birth, life and death repeated through the
ages. This was a Golden Age for all things in the
Tellurian. The spirit and material worlds were one,
and everything lived in synchronicity. The Triat un-

reflected in the

derstood that their well-being wa:

Chapter One: Cosmology 19

OS. EE Se Ae NN


thriving world as each of them performed their respec-
tive duties establishing symmetry for all things.

While the warring of its siblings has largely driven
the Wyld from the modern world, its presence can still
be felt. The Garou understand the agony that the
Wyld suffers as the entity's influence is chipped away
from the physical realm, one day at a time. But
werewolves can still feel the Wyld's puissance on the
Earth. Even as the Weaver forges a seemingly calcified
reality in the cities, the Wyld causes molds to spore,
buildings to be infested with rodents that chew at their
foundations, and roads to crack as weeds force their
way through the cement.

Noris the human population exempt from the acts
of the Wyld. As the Weaver creates new technology to
lengthen lives, the Wyld creates new viruses to feed off
their human hosts. Because of the overly destructive
acts of the Wyrm, the Wyld retaliates against its
entropic sibling as well. Every time a forest is deci-
mated, new growth can be found the following season.
When rivers and lakes become poisoned, flora and
fauna adapt to survive the changes. The Wyld acts in
the only way that it knows how to when a part of it is
destroyed — it changes and starts anew. The Wyld also
has an influence on the metaphysical aspects of crea-
tures on the physical realm. Brilliance, creative talents
and epiphanies (for good or ill) are born of the Wyld's
chaotic nature. Raw talent and intellectualism are a
reflection of the Wyld sparking the imagination and
potential of physical creatures. Instincts, premoni-
tions, and gut feelings all find their start in the Wyld's
whirling vortex of creation.

Paul,

20 Book of the Wyld

[PEE ET TE LE IY 5

J know that Dr. Nelson has been a tong-time colleague and good friend to
you. J implore you, for his sake, to encourage him to guit distributing these
blasphemous "historical" essays. At test they are fiction, and are more likely to
he seen AS heresy. Read these pages that J have sent. J knocv that the good Aoctor
means well, but for Gains sake, he's signing his otn death warrant.

Does this make the Wyldakind entity? Absolutely
not. The Wyld plays by the rules of nature, which can
be very cruel indeed. Only the strongest survive, and
since the Wyld fights in a many-fronted war, it is going
to act in the only way that it understands. Much like
acomered animal, the Wyld relies on a feral vicious-
ness (if such words apply to an entity of its scale),
readying to take down as many of its enemies as it can
before it meets its demise. The Wyld's instinct to
survive at any cost supersedes ties to its siblings as it
attempts to absorb and reform anything that isa threat
to its well-being.

The Cohen Age

Galliards sing ancient legends of a mythical age
when balance and harmony ruled the realms of Gaia.
The length and duration of the Golden Age is some-
what hazy; certainly no written record hails from these
times. The birth of the Garou Nation and the rise of
the other Fera societies are said to have been events of
the Golden Age. Some Theurges claim that each
werewolf holds an ancient memory of those times,
buried deep within their souls. They claim that this
collective unconscious remembrance is a gift of hope
from Gaia. Others scoff at such an idea, claiming that
even if such times existed, they are so far gone that
even Gaia Herself couldn't remember them.

The Golden Age has been described in many
ways, but in every version of the legend, one point is
always the same: it was an age of perfection and
unparalleled unity. The physical and spiritual were
one, and all things prospered under Gaia.

Regards,
S andeep


I've long studied the history of our people.
What I have always found most curious are the tales
and legends that speak of the way we were in the
period before what we now know as the Modern.
Age. Not much information is available concern-
ing the Nation prior to the severing of the Umbra
from the material world. What little remains can be
found in the fragments of half-rem@mbered songs
and weathered pictograms left by ourjancestors.
Nonetheless, I have dedicated my life tothe pursuit
of understanding the hows and whys of what might
have happened to not onlytifullttire, but to Gaia
in times long gones

I have creatéd many hypotheses and theories
about what ig euphemistically called The Golden,
Age. I assuré you, none of my firidings. are widely
accepted, let alone popular. Many a Keeper of the
Ways has nearly come.toyblows with me over my
postulations, While despair at this conflict, Ican at
least appreciate their passionate desire to keep their
version of our history alive. So, as I'share with you
what _I think makes the most sense about what
occufred many millennia ago, | ask only that you
read with anopen mind. [have traveled far and wide
to collect the information that | will impart to you.
Remember that before you dismiss my wordsas those
ofa prattling old fool.

Mostyof our people know that the Nation has
existed forllonger than, recorded histofy. Of course,
the challenge with oral history isthat it leaves our
beginningsopen to revisionism. While thismaymake
for a great legend, it does not préserve the facts. As a
social scientist, and historian, the truth of the matter
iswhat I seek. [believe thatourpeople found their first
homes in what has been termed "Pangaea," not toibe
confused with the spitit realm of the same moniker
It's my belief that Gaia created this place approxi-
mately 10 million years/ago, although I understand
that popular science would not follow the same time
line. Nevertheless, itwas during the first million or so
years that our Great Mother crafted the lands that we
would inherit. Part of this creation period was most
assuredly spent in the development of spiritual enti-
ties, or caretakers, Which we now refer to collectively
as the Triat. While many subscribe to a "Big Bang"
theory of spiritual creation, I believe that Gaia care-
fully crafted those beings that would have certain
duties, taking great care and time to assure that Her
vision would come to fruition. But I digress.

Pangaea was the first face of Gaia, and itis in this
place that the first of the shapeshifters were born.

and it was mostlikely a spectacular world,during

Pangaea was one large landmass, a single island
surrounded by a great sea. The spirit world was
intrinsically connected to the land. There wasn't a
Gauntlet at that time, or if there were, we can
assume that it was the equivalent of a sheet hanging
over a doorway. During this period our people would
learn to communicate. Certainly the first methods of
expression were primitive and crude, but as time
passed we would evolve and become more sophisti-
cated. According to my research, it would have been
approximately 5 million years later that the period
known aéithe Golden Age would have begun.

Many posts have glamorizédithe Golden Age,

thosedays. What we do know from countless songs
and legends is that during this Age, there was no
distinction between the spiritand static world. What
Ihave discovered in my/travels is that the Golden
Age may not have been sdyglorious. Little known
pictograms in various locales throughout the Realm
andithe Umbra portray a brutal anid bloody lifestyle
for thé creatures of that era. Ritual slayings and
territorial contests may have decimatedentire physi-
cal and spiritual societies. This was the tim@ when
Gaia may have, experienced the first Great War.

The upheaval of a/divided population most
certainly caused pain and suffering for Gaia. What
the exact! cause of the rift, or the Severing, might
have been is open for debate. It's my view that Gaia
ordered Her caretakers to solve the problems ofall of
the warring factions. The Triat's logical conclusion
would have been to split the various beings apart.
The Severing would not only divide the spirit world
from the/physical,/but would also break apart the
landmass known as Pangaea into the continents that
we know today.

The Severing was mostjassuredly a sudden oc-
currence. Millions most likely perished as the land
Was uprooted and the Gauntlet was formed. Those
that remained would have been forced to depend on
one another for continued existence, thus bringing
am age of peace back to Gaia.

Gaia's chief protagonist in the Severing must
haye been the entity that we call the Wyld. As Gaia
sought to create a new environment where strife was
notas prevalent, it only makes sense that She would
have chosen Her most powerful creator servant to
change the face of the land. The loss and destruction
that occurred would have been a side effect to the
birth pangs that created the worldas we know itnow.

Chapter One: Cosmology 21

RT OE, Ee DN.


The Severbng

Something horrific occurred that would change
everything; The Severing.

Theurges entertain many theories about the exact
cause of the Severing, but its effects on the Tellurian
were devastating. The spirit world abruptly separated
from the material world effectively cutting off all
physical creatures, save the Changing Breeds from the
only reliable source of spirituality. The Wyrm and the
Weaver began a constant battle for control as the
Weaver tried to shape the material world into its vision
of stasis. The Wyrm began to consume and destroy
more as the friction between the two entities began to
escalate. The Wyld paid the price, as the ensuing war
would slowly exile it from the physical plane.

Some say that the Severing is the fault of the
ambitious Wyrm. In its jealousy of Gaia, it began to
consume all things that She had created in an effort to
claim Her power. The Wyld stood against the selfish
destruction, and began to birth new creations to com-
bat Gaia's losses. The Weaver then became enraged by
the chaos created by her two siblings and wove a fabric
that would forever bind spirits to an incorporeal world
and forever blind physical creatures to the universal
consciousness that they had known.

Others claim that the Severing came about as a
result of the rise of cruelty in the world. As the many
creatures of Gaia began to evolve, contests arose over
the control of territories, despite game being plentiful.
As acts of malevolence and selfishness increased, all
creatures began to suffer horribly as physical brutality
took a toll on the spiritual aspect that tied all beings
together. If the worlds had remained together, so the
story goes, the circle would have continued until the
whole world was an Atrocity realm on Earth. The
result wasa collective self-preservation defense mecha-
nism, or the Severing.

No matter the cause, the effects of the Severing
still ring in the modern world. Spirituality, spontane-
ous acts of faith, visions, and other metaphysical be-
liefs have become a barely remembered piece of the
past. The average citizens of the World of Darkness
hardly pay lip service to spiritual beliefs. While reli-
gious traditions might be a quaint study, it's largely
accepted as fact that God must be dead. Hope, beliefs,
and morality have given way to material devotions.
The bottom line needs to be appeased more so than
any ancient God. Those who do not give homage to
the Almighty Dollar are sacrificed as the gears of a
cold, static society grind forth.

22 Book of the Wyld

[POE Ps ET PT ane

It'sno wonder that the Garou fight an uphill battle.

The Cavotlt

The rise of the Gauntlet was akin to a door
slamming shut in the face of the Wyld. While the
Wyld still peeks through the keyhole, its production
in the physical world has been seriously stunted. The
effects of this are noticeable to those who know
where to look. Concrete and steel have covered fields
of green that once were. Air conditioning regulates
the hot summers, and furnaces take the chill out of
winter air. As more aspects of the physical world
become regulated, the Wyld struggles against oppres-
sive inevitability. There are places that the Wyld
slips under the doorsill that is the Gauntlet. The
pooling of Wyld energy in the physical world is
referred to asa Threshold. As millennia have passed,
Thresholds have become increasingly rare, and many
modern werebeasts have never even seen one. The
Gauntlet acts much like a dam that holds the influ-
ence of the Wyld at bay. As the Final Days draw near,
the Wyld beats upon the wall that separates the spirit
and physical worlds with angry fists.

Someday the dam will crack.

While the Wyld is weak on the physical plane, it
maintains its strength in the Umbra. The Umbra is not
nearly as restricted by the static constraints that the
Weaver has placed upon the physical world, and there
the Wyld can still perform its duties as a creator with
less interference from its siblings. Wyld places abound
in the Umbra, if one knows where to look. Itis in these
places that the Wyld builds energy and power for its
eventual return to the face of Gaia.

The Coalan Coppedtion

"Blessed are those who serve the Mother from which
we came. May She whisper wisdom to our ears, bring joy
to our hearts, and hope to our souls."

— Black Fury prayer

Often those who do not understand the relation-
ship between the Wyld and Gaia muddle the distinc-
tion between the two. They are two separate entities.
They are neither ally nor enemy, rather they need one
another for their continued existence. Gaia provides
the Wyld's creations with something that its Triat
siblings have failed to — spirituality. The infinite
combinations that exist from the individuality of hav-
ing a soul strengthen the Wyld. The birthing of new
life prevents the calcification and decay that threatens
to strangle Gaia. Songs tell of the Wyld being the


The Pinal Dry

As told by Alo, Red Talon of the Northwest:

Transcribed by Mourning Star, Keeper of the Ways
for Grandfather Thunder

Let me tell you of the way of things tocome. Can
you not smell the death in the air? It comes for all of
us! The greatest of storms breach the horizon, and
yet we donotsee. The winds that carry the sands that
shall strip the flesh from our bones have begun, yet
we donot feel. The great predator hunts us, yet we lie
on our bellies, headless of the danger,

Lift your noses! Perk yoursears! Understand
that the Last Great Happening is upon us all. [ tell
you of a day when the sun will not rise, and Luna
will grow dark. All things will know the truth in
that powerful final moment, and they will cry out
for something to save them. Theit howls will be a
thousand shrieks of terror, and noteven the mighti-
est of Warriors will overcome the great wave that
will cleanse this dirty place.

Once there was a greatMother. The time came
that She would take a mate, butthere was none to be
had. She gave a great.howl to the wildernéssjand
from that place'€ame our Wyld Father. Father saw
how Mother could give his children something that
he could not, @ love for life. She infused them.with
hope and joy, and these.new traits pleased Father
greatly and he gladly became Hermate. They re-
joiced inall that they created. They would sire many,
things, beautifil and' Wondrous. Their packs would
grow strong and thrive.

From that same.great wilderness thatsFather
had appeared*would come his ister and brother.
They too wished a home in that' blessed place.
With open arms Mother would welcome the sib-
lings of Her mate.

For a time, Father's brother and sister would
acknowledge the authority of the One True Leader.
Then they became jealous and wondered why they
could not be the Alpha. They made challenges, and
Mother proved Her worth. Father held his tongue at

Chapter One: Cosmology

AS PY SONY

this defiance. While it hurt him to see his mate hurt
thusly, it was the way of things in those times.

As the seasons would pass, the disputes would
become more frequent, and Father's brother and
sister would blindly attack his mate. It was with great
anger that Father stepped in and growled at their
lack of stibservience. They lowered their noses to the
ground foraitime and acted as they should have, but
their scheming went on.

Father's sister whispered a treachery to her
brother dne day. She said that she would have a cage
of the strongest stone constructed around Father as
he slept, Itwould be then that the two would be able
toslay Mother and take Her spotas the leader of the
pack. And so this is what they did.

Father woke in darkness, and from beyond the
walls he could hear the injured wails of his mate.
He began to pound on the walls, but to no avail for
his traitorous siblings had made them too strong
He ordered his brother to free him, but his words
fell on deaf ears. His mate's cries became more
pitiful as he clawedaat the walls, seeking freedom.
He howled an oath to his brotherand sister that if
they should slay his mate, that he wouldvisit his
vengeance upon them tenfold.

Father's promise has gone‘inheeded, and Gaia
Continues todie. If Shedies, we shall all follow. Not
because the Weaver will freeze our souls, not because
the Wyrm willibring vile pestilence, not even be-
cause our True Mother will have passed. We shall
perish in the most horrible ofways as we stand before
the Wyld's righteous rage when he breaks free of the
confines that his brother and sister placed upon him.

So why do we continue to ignore what is to
happen? When will Father Wyld know release from
the prison that holds him? Do you hear his howls as
1 do? He demands that we conquer those that
threaten his mate. He requires our sacrifice to
return him to Gaia. On that day that our true
Mother and Father will be reunited. Only on that
day shall we ever know peace.

al}

cosmic Father, much as Gaia is the Mother. Some say
that Gaia and the Wyld are lovers, or friends, or even
equals. This is not the case. Gaia relies on each
member of the Triat equally. The only difference
between Gaia's relationship with the Wyld and its
siblings is that the Wyld struggles for renewal. The
Weaver concerns herself with providing order at all
costs, and the Wyrm in its madness strives to consume.
Neither concems themselves with the equilibrium
that Gaia requires to survive. The Wyld is the only
member of the Triat that fights to return the circle of
existence to the way that it once was by virtue of
circumstance. The Wyld's actions could actually be
seen as causing imbalance if it were to run amok, much
as the Wyrm has. The Wyld does not create for Gaia
out of a sense of loyalty, or morality. In fact, the Wyld
has no sense of compassion for Gaia, it simply acts in
the only way that it knows how.

Long discussions regularly break out amongst the
most philosophical shapeshifters, discussions about
whether Gaia came first, or the Triat. Certainly there
are enough valid points to make a logical argument
either way. Most Garou would vehemently state that
Gaia is the Mother of creation, although other Fera
might not agree with that point of view. As the issue
of "who came first" will most likely be a debate of the
chicken and the egg until the final day, it would be
imprudent to say that a single member of the Triat is
more powerful than Gaia, ot vice versa. Each entity has
aspecific role in the workings of the Universe, each as
importantas the next. Withoutall of the components,
mass chaos would surely come to pass.

The Nagas of the Weil

Madness is a term that is frequently associated
with the Wyld's siblings. The Wyld is quite mad, but
not from insanity. While it is impossible to even guess
at the motives of an entity as ever-changing as the
Wyld, there is little doubt by those in the know that
the Wyld is filled with rage. Why this is the case is
anyone's guess. Theories abound; the most popular is
that the Wyld is striking out in some blind attempt at
self-preservation. As the Wyrm and Weaver spin out
of control, the Wyld grows more brazen in its efforts to
restore balance.

Mistakenly, many think that the Wyld has Gaian
(or even Garou) interests at heart. In reality, the Wyld
has only the Wyld's interests in mind — whatever those

are, for they're surely incomprehensible to beings
living on a mortal scale. The Wyld has no concept of
morality, right or wrong, fair or unfair; it merely knows

that there must be balance for it to survive. Survival is
all that matters.

In its fight for continued existence, it knows no
mercy and offers no quarter. Its alliances are fleeting
and fragile, and those who believe that they can
turn to the Wyld as a patron often find out too late
that their lives are meaningless in the Wyld's grand
scheme of things.

Duh ithe Gif

The chattering of half a dozen rats threatened to drive
Shelly mad as she made her way through piles of trash that
covered the floor of the dank alleyway. "Jez, you there?"
She called out cautiously. The young Gnawer had met the
Ratkin only a short time before and she wasn't accustomed
to the company that he kept. Nevertheless, he always
seemed to tell a good story, and she was always on the
lookout for a new tale to pass along.

Shelly called his name again, and she heard his sharp
voice reply, "Yeah, I'm comin'." She watched as he
appeared from behind a beat-up dumpster. He tossed an
empty bottle of cheap liquor onto a pile of garbage and
moved her way. She tried to make small talk, but Jez wasn't
in the mood. "What do ya want?" He sounded rude as it
got, but Shelly had come to accept that it was just his way

"L thought maybe we could trade a story or two, if you
wanna." she said cautiously. His moods could change
rapidly, and she didn't want to risk angering him.

"Sure, sweetcheeks. Have a seat," he gestured toa pile
of trash. Shelly opted to lean against the alley wall instead.
Jez settled on a half-broken crate that was supported by an
old, rusted out paint can.

"I could go first this time," she offered.

"Naw, I ain't in the mood for it," he interrupted. "But
T'll tell ya one that'll knock your socks off." Shelly nodded
and waited for him to light a half-smoked cigarette.

"See, it's all about the Pretty Girl. Everything is. You
know the kind that I'm talkin' about. She's so perfect that
you can't think of one flaw. The Pretty Girl defines
everything on this planet. Everyone measures himself or
herself against the Pretty Girl. Women want to be like that
chick. They wanna walk, talk, eat, fuck, and shit like she
does. Men are worse. Their obsession with the Pretty Girl
opens up all kinds of doors for evil to walk into their hearts
They wonder, ‘Can I get her? Will she want me? Who do
Thave to kill to be with her?'

See, the Triat works like this: They' re all fightin' about
the same thing. What's that, you ask? Well, I'll tell ya. It's
all about the Pretty Girl. See, everybody knows one, right?
And everybody reacts a bit different to one. Think of the
guy who falls into lust with her. Then she snubs him, and

24 Book of the Wyld

ce i ee ey 7 ff


\\ LE SDB
St

ioyp 1yBnow | mg,, "amu
D 40f quosqv am ays 14] Coys
22m) 42n10q D s1 uo1ango ‘auod st adoy
fi aqkoyy "uoinygo ona yo sn as7q
[2H ‘22uvyo v 208 sn fo auou rum /
2u03 savy 2ouo pup ‘adopy fo 401
-ysnog ayn s1kqng sty ‘ag "uaas.sanou

saunawog "aon Cur uo anos sip yim
0g 2,usom | ‘awash "saop ay ‘18
sry anys 07 a4owCun ySnoays 128 3,9
Cppog. wyp unqunp
2q1,uop mon *2q 71
pasn asayp upy) aun
-S1S24 240WL 10] D S249

Spy poms ays ayy] unvaq Dv ysvaUN QO Ss i tis ‘st wajqosd,,
[no <ppoq, ‘asnuosd v savys puv FY mk OP pasnuosd ay ,,‘240u

s1auod po a4,2m ‘190071 pauinds
pun youg snoppay &q poroypous s128
143 apnay sty ff "Jonuarod saas Kyuo
ay "po a0 savoyf 99 1,uop kppoq
‘qovf up "vm Guana uy r9afad
says "smoyf s,kqoq siy aas
1,useop Kppoq. "pr

‘sry ay SJL,

s,2uayn ‘UDyy,, "Soup
2yoor ay sv paysny] ap 720f
Jay or soup padhunt ays
wy yoInb os sayraior
spuny sry paddvp Xap
 Buuaysy Surpon{ oy]
"ype nok fr aounrsisas
asvaq fo yand ay 1 *40sseud
11g v pabuus Kays A LSS -do tay spavmor ayn 0
«PK 40f no payeds aaa yrod arvrpaunur rsow ayn

Buryrtsana iupm, fh 7) i $ A ‘ 40f syoo] ay pun sondnnu
: y

‘passin «qqourf & _ Kang sry ‘upon &q0q sry
ay ‘spp murdy, suvoy ay aut Kuang

aw ays pom
aouapis )qvi.of ae
-uooun up so punos
quo ayn som quswoand P
ay uo taaf ws fo Suis
ay "uonpuasnuf w punoi'
ays 01 1k maaya ay sv ayoUS
sty {fo Bap asv] 2u0 4001 af
uorsnfuod 14 parsoiuos spar
200f 424 {40S 01 Burk. nok
au wy Aj, ‘Padnusana Kays

Hl]

- Kap yonqofouos ayn pom

puv ssp 496 ur ajoy pau
bv duors 11,2] *,usdeam
kqpq sy suvay ay uayn
yioim s,<ppoq wouf
afos si Sunpon iS LOW
"AM 2y ‘puodsaxi usopay
"urod w ano Kas Jay suey ay
uaym puy "mou8 pup aauyp
2uo apy sty Buraas st mogn
seuvo ppoq pty * Sof fo aqpung
apy snoia.d sty si mogn suv
&ppoq. amp jy "429007 pauinds
40 ‘youg snopaf ays mmogn nf
v 20s 1,uop Kppoq] ‘kppop v sy
‘aanynd 40 421908 yar 410 ‘st 2s
aiaym 40 ‘s1 ays OYM saIIDUL OU ‘419
Anaad Kuana ‘Sunp oyp s a1ay ‘aang

s} apa s Cppog, wym aur
-Spwi vk uns ‘mon,
9)
Snag ayy wosfsy 108
afi "St 4aBup ano moy
samy, "souoq pun ays il
"pooqg ays ur deap 2auy y
spm | 18 we, aSvava p,] 07 Sunuow ayy ur ave
pray s,ouo apy Ku uo YH Knead yonoo ayn vino
Avy v auny uae auorwos Fe 1 5 ssp unok Suum mn08
fi ‘20g "Kom s,kppoq nok nq ‘Cnaud au0
pino knis isnt yug snopaf ay wy
wsaq sap "stapurnstq 2D ay "stays uDyp Py
4of snosaBunp s1 sano] -nag aout st [uD Kataig
ay Imp purrs 1,uv> ays pun ‘yong
snoppaf ays 108 nok way | "$1809 1Jo 30 ‘poap
Joy srupm apy "u2y samy ay ‘4ay ,wIA0} Jo poarsur mow

[aD Kanai yin dn yowo

pauinds 40 youg snopat

1of yoo] sawoo Kppeg

uaym punosv wag asnt*


"Iedon't matter what you think!" Jez cut in angrily
"Shit's rolling downhill, and you and me, and everyone
else is standin' at the bottom. Only thing you gotta think
about is what you're gonna do between now and the end
ta make sure that Pretty Girl don't hurt so bad. That's all
you gotta think about. Now, get outta here, you're
bothering my friends."

Shelly looked down and saw dozens of rats crawling
around his feet. She tried to act nonchalantly as she walked
towards the street. She heard Jex' mocking laughter as she
took her last two steps from the alley at a run.

Apedt of the Wiyff

By virtue of its nature, the Wyld is a harsh master.
As such, its followers in the spirit realms not only
reflect its tendencies, but can also take them to ex-
tremes. Wyld-spirits are by far the most chaotic enti-
ties in the Umbra. Unpredictable, spectacular, and
highly dangerous to those that do not have intimate
knowledge of their modus operandi, most werewolves,
steer clear of these beings. Whispered tales warn those
who would attempt to summon Wyld-spirits without
proper precautions being made beforehand. Even the
most enlightened of Theurges don't possess a firm
grasp on the nature of these beings. They simply do not
conform to anything resembling rational behavior.
Summoning these spirits is perilous at best, and damn-
ing to the Garou who is ill prepared to receive that
which she has beckoned.

Much like stars and planets move across each
other's sectors of the sky, Wyld-spirits have shifting,
overlapping identities, As a result, Wyld-spirits aren't
often classified as individual personages, but rather as
a fluid component that reflects the complex, often
confusing, state of the Wyld.

The various spiritual children of the Wyld are
sometimes viewed as multiple facets of the same spiri-
tual force. While heated debates have raged about the
exact form and function that Wyld children serve, one

thing is certain, what might be a truth today can
change tomorrow. There are no hard and fast rules
concerning Wyldlings, and they are often awe inspir-
ing, and terrifying at the same time. Neither beneficial
nor malign, Wyld-spirits simply do what they do.

The Brood of Téyacapar

Leave your arrogance behind, son of wolf. I have no
use for it in this place. I have heard of your boasts, and it
is said that your knowledge in the ways of the Other World
is great. I say that you know nothing. Does your pride

make you look away in anger, or is it my visage that
disturbs you more? Come now, certainly I am not the first
metis that you have encountered. Ah, it's my eyes? Like
the eyes of a lab rat, you think? Pardon my amusement;
you would not be the first to be unsettled by my very gaze.
I am called Tonaltzin Metztli, or Sun Moon in your
tongue. A strange dichotomy, no? Perhaps I came to be
called this because of my albino nature; maybe it was
because I have been blessed by the Earth Mother to learn
ofall things in her realm. My name is not important; what
is important are the teachings that you have come to
absorb. Listen well, proud wolf. I will explain to you
things unimagined by your structured thinking.

In the time before time, the air was sterile and cold.
From the darkest void came The First. As She looked about
the universe, She saw nothingness, and this created a
sadness in Her heart. She wept three tears. The first tear
splashed upon Her body, and from that came a spark of life
The second mingled with the first, and another child was
born. The third was cried most bitterly , and so that tear also
became a child to the Mother.

The Mother of All Things saw these things, and She
felt a great joy. Now She would not freeze in loneliness in
the bitter void from which She had come. She nurtured Her
triplet children and thus the age of the First Sun began. She
called Her children Teyacapan, the first born, Tlaco, the
middle born, and Xoco, the youngest. It was a time of great
happiness for the Mother and Her children. She taught them
the ways of things. Her first child would be the bearer of
fruit. Teyacapan felt a great pride at being chosen to be most
like the Mother. The eldest child would create many beings
so that Mother would be pleased. Mother rejoiced in the

reation, but saw that Teyacapan's creations lacked pur-
pose and direction, and so they would never grow to have
children of their own. Mother told Teyacapan this and said
that She had an idea of what could be done.

Mother called Tlaco to Her and explained that
Teyacapan's creations were too confused, and could birth
no children of their own. Tlaco rejoiced at Mother coming
to her, and said, "Then I shall give them order and reason,
and Teyacapan's children will thrive." Thus began the
Second Sun. Teyacapan and Tlaco worked together to
appease their Mother. The First smiled upon this initially ,
but then became worried as Her children's creations contin-
ued to spread and overpopulate. Mother called together Her
two eldest and told them of Her worries, and the youngest,
Xoco spoke aloud, "Mother, fear not. I know a way that
will balance the children of Teyacapan and Tlaco." And so
Xoco would be the bringer of winter to all things. And so as
the seasons turned, the Third Sun would rise.

26 Book of the Wyld

lf PL Ps ET Ds ET TR, Fe EE OT 4


Mother watched the creations of Her children grow,
thrive, and die. As time would pass, another great sadness
would weigh heavily upon Her heart. For millennia untold
Mother grieved unexplainably as She watched Her children
form the Universe. No matter how hard they tried, the three
could not cheer their Mother. They worked to make
fantastical things that would bring a smile to the heart of
Mother, but to no avail. Worried for the First, the triplets
came to Her and spoke at great lengths about what to do.

Finally Mother spoke. "Teyacapan, you give life to
that which was once nothing. Tlaco, you see that life has an
order so that it grows and thrives. Xoco, you bring an end
to the old so that the new may live on. My children, you do
these things, and yet something has been missed."

The three looked from one another to their Mother,
and finally Tlaco replied, "What could we have missed?
There is a reason to all things, why are you not pleased?"

Mother cried out, "Can't you see that there is no
spark? Your children are nothing more than animations of
the void from which I came!"

Tlaco became enraged by Mother's words and
shouted angry things as Teyacapan and Xoco cowered in
fear. Tlaco explained how everything had a time, a
meaning, and a precise purpose. Mother shook Her head
sadly at Tlaco's rage

"Worry not, my logical one. | will do a thing that shall
bring the circle around." And with a grand gesture, Mother
gave a piece of Her soul to all things. Her children watched
in horror as they saw The First shrink away into nothing-
ness. They began to wail, thinking that all was lost. Then
a billion chattering voices spoke to them at once, and they
felt Mother speak to them from all of the beings that they had
made. She said to them, "I am now the sum of what you
have created, my children. I reside in everything that you
have done, and everything that you will do. I only ask that
you be the caretaker to me, that I have been to you."

And thus the Fourth Sun rose.

For a time, a Golden Season shone upon the
Tellurian. Mother spoke to the hearts of men and
beasts as She rested in the warmth of the Earth. Her
children did as She had bid them to and worked in
harmony. Mother grew drunk in Her happiness and
cried from joy. As Her tears fell to the ground they
separated into many small drops. Out of the Earth
rose the little children of Mother and She would call
them Nexcoyomeh, Her wolf sons. But Tlaco still felt
the sting of her Mother's harsh judgment. The splinter
of malcontent grew into a thorn of resentment as she
pondered time and time again how Mother could not

a

see that all had been perfect before. Tlaco saw that
Mother's presence in all things made them unpredict-
able. Beings did not act as they should have, they grew
to have personalities and differences. Tlaco watched
as Mother mocked her from Her slumbers, and this
made Tlaco grow cold and vengeful. Tlaco went to
her sister Teyacapan and tried to explain why things
were wrong to no avail. Teyacapan was too much like
Mother and would not listen for she rejoiced in the
change of all things. Tlaco next approached Xoco,
convinced that her youngest sister would see the folly
of Mother's ways, but Xoco was content to be the
bringer of winter and wanted nothing of Tlaco's
plotting. Tlaco grew bitter, as her alienation was
complete. It was then that Tlaco vowed that the sum
of All would conform to her vision.

Fullof jealousy for her carefree sisters, and rage for her
Mother, Tlaco made a plan that would force them to
recognize her greatness. She would poison the pulque of her
siblings so that they would fall into a great sleep. Then she
would change things to the way they had been before the
setting of the Third Sun. First, she called her younger sister
Xoco to her. Tlaco offered the drink to her sister and
watched as her eyes grew heavy. Too late Xoco understood
the betrayal and with clumsy arms fought back. Tlaco
banded Xoco's arms and legs together so that she would
never escape. Tlaco then hid her sister away in the deepest
of caverns so that none would ever find her

Teyacapan heard the cries of her youngest sister and
knew of Tlaco's treachery at once. She demanded that
Tlaco release Xoco at once. Tlaco laughed at Teyacapan,
calling her foul names. Teyacapan vowed to find Xoco, no
matter the cost. As Tlaco saw the look of resolve in her
sister's eyes, she felt a fear in her heart. Teyacapan, who
had been the mother tomany lesser creations, trembled with
rage at Tlaco. The two fought with frightful abandon. The
Earth shook as Teyacapan stormed against Tlaco. The
middle sister saw that she could not defeat the many faces
of her sister, anymore than she could defeat the whistling
wind. So, Tlaco devised another kind of prison forher eldest
sister. Luring her far away from the Earth, Tlaco tricked
Teyacapan into entering a temple made of stars and
swirling clouds. Teyacapan became distracted by the won-
der of the newfound place and soon lost the trail of Tlaco.

Tlaco closed the door of the temple and whispered a
curse that her sister would never again walk the grounds of
hernew, orderly world. Asa greatlock slipped into place the
shrieks of all things could be heard. Tlaco blinked in surprise
as the One world became Two. Her curse had been more

Chapter One: Cosmology 27

a

Ciena \,

|

powerful than she had thought. Tlaco
reveled in her own magnificence. *
Now the beasts would no longer
listen to the whispers of Mother,
now things would act as they ai
should; now the flaws of ie
her Mother and siblings

breast once
more.
Teyacapan's
broods are wily
spirits at best. They

wear many guises and Z
hold many names. I will
teach you what I have come
to know. I cannot say that my
truth is absolute; I am sure that
there are others. Certainly the
YY Tellurian is large enough to hold my
words and the seeming contradictions
of those spoken by Garou who
bm seek what I seek. Listen care-
a fully, son of wolf, and find
RR your own truth
Oy Much like a fever in the
SN FAI body, or the swelling of an in-
Sa fected wound, spirits of the Wyld
can overcompensate in their
* — mission to restore their pa-
tron to health. Sometimes

ey

ee ciikd ie Capvetied
From the temple of the
Sky, Teyacapan §
howled in rage, and &
from the caverns ON
beneath Xoco Ry
grew mad in the Sp
darkness. The ¥ @ hf
a té
Fifth and last
Sun had risen
Mother woke from her great
sleep, and saw that Tlaco stood
over Her. "Where are my ZA,
other daughters?" Mother
asked. Tlaco smiled
scomfully. "They are
dead to you, ff
Mother. Iamall
that is left. am
g

the result of their actions is
only a momentary adjust-
ment that quickly snaps
back to the previous way of
things. Rarely, Wyld-spir-
its may cause a long-term
change that slowly swings the
pendulum of balance back to
center.

greater than thou, and
| shall rule this place

as it was meant to i
be." The Mother of
All Things weptonce
more, and from Her
tears came the sor-

Those attuned to the ways of
the Wyld can see its children in
the parking lot of an industrial
complex, as well as in the heart of
a rainforest. Those who summon

Wyld-spirits successfully under-

stand that they must not only work
with them, but minister to, attempt to

heal, and integrate them back into a

form and function that best serve
balance. Only in this way can a
shapeshifter hope to call upon
Wyld-spirits without the risk asso-
ciated with beings that are so innately
volatile. Failure to act properly with
respect to the chaotic nature of

\ Wyldlings can open a door of nega-

? tive and often fatal consequences.

row and rage: that
would become' cur
own. Mother spoke
(i, fox an Of
iheconher creatures
could hear Her
pleas. Shechargedus
to. reunite, Herwith
her lost daughters, that
things might be as they
were in the Fourth Sun.
I have spent my life
looking for Teyacapan so that
she might know that her Mother \
seeks her still. In that time I have YY
found many of Teyacapan's sons and .
desigheers. I try to:convey thar Mother WS
YY wissesher, and wishes tohold her close to Her Qs

NE)
28
( ee al


In many ways, spirits of the Wyld reflect a sort of
polytheism. Much like a prism that changes appear-
ance depending on the light that it is exposed to,
Wyld-spirits change and overlap identities depend-
ing on the stimulus that is being focused through
them. It's partly because of this flux, or at least so say
some Theurges, that there is no clear hierarchy of
Wyld factions. Instead, Wyld scholars classify Wyld-
spirits into aspects in a desperate attempt to under-
stand the mind-boggling variety of the Wyld's spawn.
These aspects are groupings of Wyld-spirits in accor-
dance with certain traits that they display. They
aren't hierarchies by any means — simply labels used
to try to communicate the spirits' nature to other
shapeshifters. A grand legend may be told of the
greatness of a particular Wyldling from a certain
aspect, only to be contradicted witha tale that claims
that the spirit in question belonged to a different
aspect. Both versions may be completely factual.
Wyld-spirits change names and faces so frequently
that it is almost impossible to give them a definitive
classification or taxonomy. Nonetheless, the
shapeshifters have divided Wyld-spirits into broad
categories for the purpose of understanding them.

And yes, it is somewhat ironic that some scholars
of the Wyld should try to use the power of Naming, no
matter how lightly and loosely, to attempt to under-
stand Wyld-spirits better. For this reason, the follow-
ing aspects are hardly common usage among all Garou,
even all scholars of the Wyld — some suggest that in
even trying to classify the Wyld's brood, one weakens
the spirits themselves.

NM armapor

Mammatus are Wyld-spirits of the air. Many are
cloudlike in appearance, although in a constant state
of flux. Sometimes Mammatus are as benign as the
cotton candy-like cumulus clouds seen on bright sum-
mer days. Other times they are as terrifying as a
typhoon, and often more dangerous. There isno appar-
entrhyme or reason to theiractions, and it's impossible
to predict their future behavior based on past events.
Much like the atmospheric condition that their name
is derived from, it is hotly debated amongst the Garou
exactly what the appearances of these spirits signify.
Some claim that when Mammatus appear, a violent
spiritual storm is sure to follow. Others scoff at this
idea, claiming that Mammatus are merely the bringers
of the rain that nourishes Gaia and all of Her creations.
There is certainly enough validity in both arguments
to make a solid case either way.

One thing that is clear about these air-spirits is
their potential to wreak havoc in the physical world by
causing the skies to grow dark with vicious storms that
produce torrential downpours that can be devastating
to the inhabitants of the affected area. In the Umbra,
the Mammatusare even more unpredictable. They can
create fog that can cause a pack to lose its way, or
obscure an object or place that would otherwise be in
plain view. Finding oneself surrounded by Mammatus
is generally enough to set one on edge. Nerves fray;
tempers flare, and reasoning skills become muddled.

The origin of the Mammatus is as mysterious as
their function. Very few have actually studied
these particular spirits. Those that have generally
come away with more questions than answers.
Communication with a Mammatus is confusing
and unsettling at best.
oypypat

Kalomi breathed a sigh of relief as the blistering heat
that had assaulted her senses on the other side of the
Gauntlet ceased and she found firm footing in the Penum-
bra. In the physical world, Pele surged down the Big Island,
bringing fire and brimstone towards the village that she had
once called home.

Kalomi felt obligated to witness the burial of her
birthplace by the volcanic river of red that burst everything
inits wake into flames. She suppressed an urge to frown at
what seemed like an unfair twist of fate. The people of her
village would be without homes, without livelihoods. The
inviting sands of the nearby beaches would become stone
coasts. The place would soon be a wasteland.

Instead, Kalomi tried focused on how refreshing it was
to be away from the intense nature of the lava flow. She
wandered about, lost in thought. On this side of the
Gauntlet, the landscape had already started to take on the
look of lava rock. She walked on the smooth surface, feeling
the grit beneath her feet. The land was black as far as she
could see. Something stood out against the darkness, catch-
ing her eye. She cautiously moved towards the distraction.

Growing from the stone was a single Ohia tree. In the
physical world, this spot was still covered in red, but here
there was a sign of new life. This made Kalomi laugh, even
as she cried. Even in the face of destruction, life went on

Fire has long been the cleanser of nature. Even as
volcanic eruptions and wildfires peel life off the face
of Gaia, the ashes leave behind a thick layer of
nutrients from which new organisms feed and grow
strong. The Empyros are the ultimate purifiers of the
Wyld. They produce intense heat, which engulfs a

Chapter One: Cosmology 29

LE EY SN.


target causing it to explode into flame. From the
ashes, new life is born and thrives.

Empyros may look like the tiny flicker of a candle
that burns low, or they may be as grand as a tower of
lava spewing from an active volcano. Like most Wyld-
spirits, the origin of the Empyros is unknown, though
whispered legends say that they reside in the Deep
Umbra where they gather the energies through which
they fulfill their tasks for the Wyld. Despite their fiery
nature, Empyros seem strangely devoid of any emo-
tion. They simply do what they are best at, which is
cleansing the old so that new life may thrive. There is
no pleading to be done when an Empyros arrives to
perform their duty. The best course of action is to stay
out of their way.

No one knows why Empyros attach themselves to
a particular locale. They are as likely to cause a forest
fire as burn an apartment complex to the ground.
Firefighters find that trying to battle an inferno caused
by this aspect to be nearly impossible. Empyros can
cause blazes that rage on for days

Many Garou find it tempting to try to summon an
entity from this family of spirits to use against their
enemies. While on occasion this can be an effective
tactic, when you play with fire long enough, you most
definitely get burned.

Tervene

This aspect of Wyld-spirits is generally associated
with the geological phenomena that occur on the face
of Gaia. Earthquakes, mudslides, the formation of
continents and their subsequent dissolving back into
the ocean have been attributed to this family of spirits.
Ivis said that these spirits inhabit everything from the
most fertile ground to the murky sands that hide
beneath the sea.

In reality, these spirits are charged with forever
changing the face of Gaia so that the curse of stagna-
tion will not smother their territories in the physical
realm. Despite that, Terrene visits to the physical
world have become increasingly rare. The rise of the
Gauntlet has prevented all but the most powerful from
entering Gaia.

Although their potency can be great, they are
often unfocused in their tasks. Aspectscholars theorize
that the Terrene were the first Wyld-spirits to be born.
They point to the capricious beginnings of the Uni-
verse where every physical body was ina constant state
of flux. In the Penumbra the effects of the Terrene can
be more readily seen. While the Penumbra often

30 Book of the Wyld

[PPO PT LT, TT TE EC IT

mirrors the physical plane, these earth-spiritshave had
an easier time rearranging the shadow of Gaia.

The Terrene wear many faces. They can resemble
worker ants as they burrow through the dirt to create
small hills, or they might appear like the golems in
legends of old. Terrene seem to be the most methodical
of all Wyldlings. They alternately build and destroy,
continuously altering the grounds that they touch.

Maa

Seventy percent of the face of Gaia is covered in
water. Therefore it's no surprise that Wyld-spiritshave
chosen to take this ever-changing form. The greatest
strength of the Atlauans is that they can never be
contained. Eventually they will erode away any en-
trapment that has been placed upon them. They are
ultimately free spirits who roam with seeming aimless-
ness through the Umbra. Fluid in nature, Atlauanscan
easily blend into any environment, whether itis a great
ocean or the trickle of a drainpipe.

Like other Wyldlings, Atlauans are neither good
nor bad. Their presence may be as nourishing as a
spring rain, or as deadly as a torrential flood. Some
Theurges claim that the Atlauans are actually
Mammatus, but as with anything concerning the
Wyld, there is no conclusive proof that such a view is
true; a Wyld-spirit might "be" a Mammatus one day
and an Atlauan the next, for that matter. Of all
aspects, the Atlauans most easily slip through the
Gauntlet. Because of this, they are perhaps the Wyld's
most effective terrestrial minions. Slowly they change
the face of Gaia, altering everything from shorelines
to the foundations of high-rises. The effects of their
presence can be seen in every corner of the Tellurian.
There is no place that Atlauans can't go if they so
desire, and there is no refuge from the slow, persistent
work of this aspect.

Frulons

Muscles stretched to their fullest as the ground raced
beneath Ming's paws. Fur lay flat against his body as he
leapt a fallen tree. He would never be able to explain why
every cell of his body felt exhilaration when he van, but
nothing else in life thrilled him as thoroughly as the sensation
of a full-out sprint

Lust, fear, anger, joy: emotions that are so primal
they seem to stem from nowhere. Spirits exist that
reflect these base states of mind. Passions are flickers of
the millions of emotions that occur in the creatures of
the Tellurian. It has been theorized that Passions
merely absorb the state of mind of whatever creature


they come across. Legends of great heroes inspired by
one Wyld Passion or another circulate throughout the
Garou Nation.

Passions come in many flavors, ranging from posi-
tive to negative. Epiphanies and intuition are some-
times credited to the work of the Passions. The exact
function of these spirits remains a mystery, as does
their origin. Whispered rumors say that Passions are
expelled directly from Flux and attach themselves to
the first suitable host they encounter causing a brief,
but very noticeable difference in the mindset of their
chosen being.

The appearance of Passions varies as widely as
the emotions they provoke. They may look like a red
haze, or an innocent babe. Because of this, Passions
are very easily misidentified. Passions form a tempo-
rary symbiotic relationship with their chosen host.
They may bring great benefit to those whose lives
they touch, or they may plunge their victim into a
helpless depression.

Capattrophet

In the times that Gaia cries loudest, and equilib-
rium has been tossed aside, the Weaver and the
Wyrm shudder as the Wyld unleashes its dogs of war
upon their creations. Catastrophes are the unfocused
anger of the Wyld that manifests in the Tellurian.
They are spirits that have one specific purpose, to
decimate and reabsorb anything that gets in their
way. Like a tornado cutting a swath through the land
as it randomly takes its course, Catastrophes spare
nothing in their path.

Catastrophes are most often seen in the Umbra
where the Wyld has the most sway. Sometimes a
Catastrophe is as minor as a tremor, but other times
they can be more devastating than the most violent
natural phenomena. They are more of a "felt" spirit
than a "seen" spirit. Even humans know that there is
something amiss when a Catastrophe is near. The
wind becomes still, the temperature drops, dogs bark
and goose bumps rise.

Not surprisingly, there is no warning when a
Catastrophe comes to perform its duty. The best course
of action is to run from them. No Garou ina sane state
of mind would try to summon a spirit from this aspect.
They are far too unpredictable — and uncontrollable.
Like Passions, this family of Wyldlings is thought to be
expelled directly from Flux. After they wreak havoc
upon an area, they return with the energy that they
have collected and deposit it back into their home

realm to be absorbed and reincarnated into a new form
that can better serve the Wyld's needs.

The Namefewt

By far, these are the most unknown of Wyld-
spirits, Ancient tales tell of a time when Gaia with the
help of the Weaver began to name things. While
names gave power, it also restricted the potential of
every creature. The legends say that there was a group
of spirits who refused to be named, and hid deep in the
Umbra to retain their ancient power. They came to be
called, the Nameless, the Anonymous, the Unbidden,
the Unnamed and more.

Noone is sure of the exact nature of the Unknown,
what their agenda might be, or even if they exist at all.
Rumors have circulated throughout the Changing
Breeds about these particular spirits, but those who
have heard of them, generally dismiss the Nameless as
a fairy tale designed to warn ambitious pups that might
try to summon something beyond their understanding.
Some say that the Nameless are ferocious and vengeful
spirits holding hatreds that are millennia old due to
their exile after the Naming of All Things occurred.
Another theory surmises that the Nameless are impos-
sible to summon; after all, if even Gaia doesn't know
the true name of a creature, how can a Garou even
hope to call upon it?

TPe Noth of loftohey

The Umbrais a place of wonder, mystique, terror, and
horror. One misstep can land an unaware Garou in a
position of grave danger. Some of the most awe-inspiring
places are also the most deadly. There are many Wyld
influenced realms that silently lie in the spirit world. Through-
out the Near, Middle, and Far Umbra the Wyld performs
its duties as it fights to maintain the balance that it requires
for survival. Some Wyld influenced areas are a virtual
haven for weary Garou, and some are chaotically night-
marish hellholes that are avoided by any creature that has an
ounce of common sense.

Purely Wyld places in the Umbra are difficult to find,
due to the fact that they frequently seem to change location.
Time and space are often distorted making it impossible to
navigate some areas. One great legend tells of Auser
Ma'het, a Silent Strider who wandered into an untamed
Wyld Realm, only to return decades later, un-aged. Such
Rip Van Winkle tales circulate throughout the Garou
Nation, though the accounts always seem to be third hand
— "I knew of a pack, who knew of a pack..."

Chapter One: Cosmology 31

a Ae SN


Wyld Realms are often localized phenomena. Like a
super cell racing across the land, their appearance can be
brief, but devastating. Also, since Wyld Realms constantly
float across the sea that is the Umbra, it makes finding them
@ daunting task. The following are some known Wyld-
influenced realms

The Tale of Ayer abe

There are a million roads, my friend. Each of them
belongs tous, it's our way. Long ago, one of our brothers
set upona path that called to him. He was called Auser,
and his sacred duty to Gaia was to find the old truths
and pass them back to his people. So, off he set,
wandering near and far in search of ancient lore.

As the story goes, Auser traversed the Umbra and
came upon a hidden moon path. In his curiosity, he
decided to take the unknown road, thinking that
wherever it came out, there was a good chance he'd
learn something that nobody else had known fora long
time. As he traveled, the path became twisted and
confused, it splintered off into different directions, and
he soon found himself lost. He knew that there was no
turning back, so he pressed forward and finally came
across a land that looked much as ours did before
everything changed. Auser rejoiced in this, thinking
that he had found a homeland. He stayed, and learned
of the people. "Perhaps," he thought, "this can be the
anchor to my travels."

And so he lived there fora time, but then he began
tonotice that things were not as they seemed. Temples
changed locations, people changed faces, and the
language became foreign. These things confused and
frightened Auser as more and more of that place
became unstable. He decided to return home and tell
his fellows of what he had seen.

It was a long and arduous journey for him, but he
did return. He first noticed that the Umbra did not
seem right as he approached his birthland. There were
markings of the Weaver, and he could see much
evidence of the Wyrm's passage. Auser became an-
gered as he thought that the land of his people was
coming under attack. He struggled through the Gaunt-
let and ran, howling a warning cry to the desert.

There were a few of our kind who heard him, and
tushed to see what sort of peril the Strider was in.
They saw him running across the sands, as if the
Wyrm himself were in pursuit. They could sense
nothing out of the ordinary, but readied themselves
for whatever might come.

Auser stopped before them, panting and speaking
gibberish things. He claimed that the world was under

32 Book of the Wyld

[PPO Ps ST eT ce tetieiemy /

attack by Weaver and Wyrm minions, that the Umbra
was flooded with them. He was panicked, and those
who found him couldn't get much useful from him.
They asked him from whence he hailed, andhe claimed
that the land that he stood on had been his birthright.
No one present knew his name, or the names of any
that he called friend orally. Auser's speech was strange,
and those who found him had a difficult time under-
standing his words. Finally they decided that he must
have suffered from exhaustion, and so they decided to
take him to a home that he might find some rest.

As they approached a city, Auser stopped dead in
his tracks. The place was well lit, and there were all of
the wonders of modern technology to be seen. He
began to wail, as if Gaia herself had passed on. He fell
to the ground, praying to whomever might listen to
grant him mercy and let him escape the nightmare that
he had entered.

His rescuers did not know what to do. Thinking
that he had fallen into Harano, they took him in and
attempted to care for him. The days passed, and Auser
spoke even more strangely of how this was not the real
world, and that his caretakers were not real either.
Slowly, Auser slipped from this world into the next. I
can only hope that he has found rest there.

Afterwards, those who had found him would dis-
cover who Auser was, and how he had disappeared one
hundred years before. No one is sure where he may
have wandered in the Umbra, but assuredly it cost him
his sanity.

Or perhaps the culprit was what we have become.

Fc

Gather, that I might tell you a tale of hope and
wisdom. Many of our kind say that the battle is for
naught. They cry for things not yet lost, I tell you! know,
for I have seen the despondency that plagues us. I have
tasted of its bitterness; I have felt the poison in my very
being. I looked about and saw the face of Death gazing at
me, beckoning me to give in to my weakness. I screamed
to Gaia for answers. She was silent.

I could take no more, and so to the spirit world I
ventured looking for my own answers. For how long I
wandered I cannot say. Grief covered my eyes with visions
of barren wastelands and whispered lies of despair into my
ears; but take heed, brothers! I have seen a place that will
be the salvation of us all! I have walked its lush ground and
breathed the fragrance of life as it once was. By the grace of
Gaia I found myself in the soul of the Wyld. I stared about
in wonder. I felt how our ancestors must have before the
world was wicked.


of energy is warped, calcified and stifled
in the Tellurian. Flux is the last
great bastion of creation at its most

But even as it was a world of
awe, it was a place of strange-

ness. Uncontrollably my body ey
raced through all of the guises ig
with which Gaia has blessed us. WE
Perhaps for the first time in my life
I truly felt what it was to be one of
us. As I absorbed the sensations I
could feel my consciousness reach
foragreater awareness. Thoughts
whirled through my head, each &
one more brilliant than the last. &
Irwas asifIcouldbeagod. Then &
I understood; the comprehension
was not of my own making, but
created from the bosom of the
Wyld as it sparked to life parts
of me that had lain dor-
mant. I could feel it re-
shape me into something $9
elseastheenergies flowed (p
through me. A part of
me resisted the change. It
would have made me like
the star that shoots across
the sky, glorious and splen-
did foramoment, and then
lost forever

base form. Flux is thought to be lo-
cated in the Near Umbra, although
finding it is a challenge that most
/ Garou would not undertake
The only thing that is known
about Flux is that it is chaotic,
and chaos is unpredictable. The
Garou cannot even begin to
fathom complete disor-
der or true chaos and
YEN. \\ universal lawlessness.
SMR They can't think that
\ way. They are simply
f on too rational. All living things
MWA Learn through experience
and repetition. The very
J scare of chaos is that noth-
ing the same will every hap-
pen twice. Snowflakes are
chaotic; no two will ever

be alike. Even the most

identical of twins are

p never exactly the
an

GAT} same. No creature is
ay

ever born the same,

or dies the same, even

Hp though there may be

similarities. Flux is

perpetual change.

Totry toexplain Flux

in finite terms would be im-

possible. Flux is to the Wyld

what Malfeas is tothe Wyrm. It

Fw is a place where none but the
| Wyld hold dominion, and

I stumbled away from
the place and was found many
days later.

I was quite mad.

For many moons | did not speak
as my mind tumbled chaotically over
what I had experienced. There are
many things that I do not understand
about what occurred, but I know this,
there is a place where possibility originates
The Wyld is not dead to us! It seeks out
our vitality to carry on in the missions "4
of our Mother Gaia. ~.

Where there is life, there is hope

There was a time before
time when the Wyld pro-
vided unlimited creation to
Gaia and its siblings. The
creation of the new, and
the recycling of the old
provided the Universe
with the materials to evolve. In A
the End Times, such expulsion &Q 49

those seeking entrance into
Flux with cause to harm any-
O14 thing thatis of the Wyld end in
agony. For those that fear or
hate that which is of the Wyld, Flux
isanightmare realm ofunnatural land-
scapes that shiftand buckle formlessly
inand out ofone another like a lava

« lamp of spiritual energy. For those
"who venerate the Wyld and act as
anally to that which the Wyld charges
with its needs, Flux is a miracle realm

33


where anything can and does happen. Impossibility
becomes a formless and fluid reality.

Flux itself is a living entity. It is the heart of the
Wyld, the last grand stronghold of unbridled Wyld
creation. Natives of the realm are always in a constant
state of evolving and devolving. Nothing remains the
same in Flux. Itis widely accepted theory that Flux has
gateways that lead tothe Wyld Reaches in the Aetherial
Realm. These pathways are thought to be the super
connectors that allow the Wyld to feed raw energy to
the universe itself.

Pangaea

I blinked in surprise. Everywhere that I looked was a
lush wonderland of tall grasses and mighty oaks. There was
nota single sign of civilization as far as I could see. The sky
was the deepest of blues, and gone was the perpetual yellow
haze that hangs in our world. This was the place that I had
heard described so many times, but who could have known
it would be so amazingly wonderful. I vowed to never leave
Certainly this was where I belonged. I could hear rabbits
scatter through the underbrush, and my instincts kicked in
as I van after one, chasing it through grass and trees. In its
panic, it darted between two of the largest pines I had ever
seen. I started to change course to intercept it on the other
side when I heard a wet, crunching noise. I halted in my
tracks. Somethinghad caught my lunch. I carefully stepped
around the colossal trunks and immediately wished I hadn't
Thave never been a fan of paleontology, but I immediately
recognized the kind of creature that I spied upon. Unfortu-
nately, it saw me too. For a brief moment, I could feel my
machismo rise. | am Garou! Why would I run from an
overgrown lizard?

Thank Gaia that my common sense overrode my
stupidity. I fled from the beast like the rabbit had fled from
me. I could hear the pattering of its quick feet behind me as
it thrilled in the chase as I had moments before. I ran, ears
back and tail flat. I darted in and out of the different foliages
but my pursuer would not give up. I saw a grove of trees
across the plain that I had not noticed before and I put all
of my strength into getting there. Mid-leap I shifted and
grabbed a hold of a branch. I scrambled up the tree like a
scared cat. At the bottom, the predator clawed at the trunk
and howled atme in anger because I had denied him a meal.
1am sure that the sight would have provided a hearty laugh
to my sept as I sat atop the tree, shivering like a little girl
While the land was unbelievable, I felt a sensation there that
Thave never known — here I was prey.

Pangaea is a wild and untamed representation of
what prehistoric Gaia was like many millennia ago.
It is a land where game is plentiful, and so are the

34 Book of the Wyld

fT TE EE TY

predators. Prehistoric creatures wander the land
filled with vegetation no longer seen in the modern
world. Dinosaurs, dire wolves, wooly mammoths
and other creatures are just a few of the beasts that
exist there. Pangaea is heavily Wyld influenced, and
because of this a Garou's mindset can be radically
altered after entering the realm. Base instincts rise
to the surface, pack mentality becomes stronger,
and survival of the fittest rules all.

The realm is primal, fierce, and very deceptive.
Time becomes meaningless; a few days can easily
stretch into a few weeks. The land is full of earth-
quakes, lava flows and sudden weather changes.
Those who are not well acquainted with the skills
necessary to survive in the wild can find their stay
very short indeed.

The majority of the creatures that inhabit Pangaea
are spirit ephemera, though they seem to be very
physical in nature. The crystal-clear seas team with
mythical monsters thought to exist only in fairy tales
Wyldlings pervade Pangaea, and because of their influ-
ence the land has a tendency to frequently change and
shift. Only the most perceptive can navigate through
the lush forests and mountainous terrain that covers
the realm with any sort of certainty. There are also
Wyld caerns located in Pangaea. Although they are
not as powerful as caerns located in the physical realm
they still serve as connections to Gaia.

Those seeking the realm will find that the closer
they get, the more convoluted their travel seems to
become. This is due to the high discharge of Wyld
energies from the realm. There are also paths leading
from Pangaea to other Wyld sub-realms. The sub-
realms of Pangaea are often similar to the realm itself,
and act asa launch pad for reaching other locations in
the Umbra.

Caryl

I was young, back then, and I became lost in the
Umbra. I wandered aimlessly for what seemed like years
Twill not recount the nightmarish things that I came across,
but they were many. I feared madness would overtake me,
and that I would never again know the sweet security that
our Mother Gaia provides

As I wandered aimlessly, ! looked into the sky, and I
saw a great swirling vortex. It seemed like a great drain had
opened into the sky, swallowing everything that came near,
Inmy insanity, I thought that I stared into the mouth of the
Wyrm, and I drew my klaive, ready to battle the damned
thing. Itwas then that I heard a voice, laughing at my folly.
T turned, my muscles tense, and my temper flared. Before


me stood a woman of many faces, and my eyes could not
comprehend what she truly looked like. First she was
young, then old. Desirable — then repulsive. I shook my
head in an effort to clear my mind.

"What do you seek here?" she asked.

T became confused and disoriented as I looked from the
vortex to the woman with many faces. The ground itself
seemed to grow soft beneath my feet, and my tongue could
not form a reply. It was as if my very thoughts were being
taken before they could form

I did not understand what I saw. She seemed to feel this,
from me and shook her head sympathetically. "You do not
belong here." My head grew heavy, and a great sleep
overcame me. I woke in a familiar Glade, and found my
way home. I have thought many times about what it could
have been that I saw, or who the woman might have been,
but to this day, I am still not sure.

Charybdis is the ultimate reclamation station for
the Wyld. It absorbs matter and energy that is chan-
neled to Flux for absorption and re-creation. Seen as a
huge swirling mass, it silently moves across the Deep
Umbra, picking up anything that gets in its way. No
one knows what the heart of Charybdis is like, as no
one has ever dared to venture into it.

The realm has been seen by relatively few
shapeshifters. Those who speak of it frequently have
memory gaps, ranging from seconds to days of time lost
after their encounter. Some say that the realm has.
guardians, although depictions of the spirits seen ranges
greatly. Learned Theurges have theorized that
Charybdis is not actually one phenomenon, but a
collection of multiple vortices that traverse the Umbra
in order to feed new energy and matter to Flux.
Charybdis is so magnetic that it permanently alters the
Umbral grounds thatit passes through. Theorists cringe
atthe thought of what might happen if Charybdis were
to breach the Gauntlet and enter the physical realm.
Even a temporary rift would spell disaster for any given
area. Charybdis seems to appear randomly in the
Umbra. While evidence can be found of its passing,
actually finding the realm can be a challenge that only
the most spirit-savvy would want to undertake.

Rumors claim that Charybdis grows in the Final
Days, and that eventually it will swallow everything in
existence as the Wyld fights to bring about the balance
that has been lost. Wyldlings will not speak of
Charybdis, though they most assuredly know of it and
its ultimate purpose in the plans of the Wyld.

Chapter One: Cosmology

The Natty Trfh

Umbral storms caused by Weayer/Wyld
‘lashes tend to be at their worst in placéswhere
the two opposing energies are the strongestsThe
Old Westiwas a fine example, as the vast expanses
Of WyldveRergy came into gonteseéwith the
Weaver-spiritsithat rode the,ails westward. Now
as the demands ofa bigger, better, faster soéiety
drives Weaver expansion to every corner of the
globepW yldlings dig in their collective heels to
try to staunch the' flow of calcification..Fierce
spirit contestSarise, Umbral storms are'born, and
the Broken Lands are the,result.

Umbralistorms affect the area on the physical
side of the Gauiitlet, as well as ravage'the battle-
ground inthe Umbra In the physical world, people
become more temperamental. Aypeaceful demon-
stration night inexplicably turn into a riot, toad
ragé beeomegfnore'prevalent,aind suicide Hotlines
ring off the hook. Also, the rapid spread of illness
can strike the area, creating an epidemic. The
Storms are so fierce in the Umbra that moon
bridges can shattér, well known Glades can be
demolishedyand'the Gauntlenbecomes strained.

Ifthe battle reaches a feveréd pitch, ifican
actually shredth®Gatintlet to an effective level of
1. Whengthiat occurs, the area becomes a Broken
Land, at least until Weavér-spirits can take con-
tl and repair the Gauntlets, Depending on the
ferocity of the stérm and thé devastation it's
wreaked among the local Weaver-spirits, this can
take aldisturbing amount of time.

UmbralStorms ean vary in length and size,
though they tend to be very localized. Some are
not unlike enduring ah, actual physical storm;
others are so ferocious that they inflict damage on
anythingeaught in their pathyiSome Uktena theo-
tize thatUmbral storms aré particularly damaging
to humans in the spirit world, such as spirit-
walking mages — perhaps that's why the sorcerers
have been seen much less frequently on the other
side of the Gauntlet in recent years.


: E
The Broken Lawdt

A fairly new development in the Umbra, the
Broken Lands reflect the onslaught of the Weaver's
influence on what used to be Wyld controlled terti-
tories. They are quite rare, although certain catastro-
phes or other Umbral upheavals can increase their
frequency, much as the ravages of the Storm Umbra
did during the time of the American West. Broken
Lands are places where the Gauntlet has worn down
to such an extent that the spirit and physical worlds
are one. While this might sound like the paradise that
the Garou would hope for, it is far from pleasant
Broken Lands are confusing, scary places. There are
inherently unnatural. Taxicabs share the same streets
as tarnished knights on horseback. A hallway that

seems to lead left really goes to the right. Creatures
that should be terrifying to mundanes, such as Banes
ot Pattern Spiders are regarded with as much atten-
tion as a stray dog would be. There is no rhyme or
reason in such places. The inhabitants not only don't
see the strangeness, but they simply don't care. It's as
if the world has always been that way.

36 Book of the Wyld

Broken Lands are disturbing, and unsettling. As
with other Wyld Realms, the passing of time is never
aconstant. Witnessing such a place can cause a Garou
to have a crisis of faith. If the Broken Lands are an
accurate representation of what it would be like for the
Gauntlet to be brought down, who would want to live

in a world such as that?

Broken Lands are the result of Umbral storms,
themselves caused by Weaver and Wyld-spirits war-
ring for dominance. These battles become so fierce
that it actually tears holes in the Gauntlet, thus rejoin-
ing the spirit and static worlds. Broken Lands reside on
both sides of the Gauntlet, as they intermittently
switch from one side to the other and back again.
There is nothing wondrous about Broken Lands. Most
Garou feel disturbed, disheartened, and frightened at
what a world such as that would be like.

Pocket Redtat

In the various levels of the Umbra, there are many
areas of Wyld energy that have coalesced into pools of
chaos. These sub-realms are often small, but very

y


intense wells of Wyld energy. The areas surrounding
such places are frequently filled with Wyld-spirits who
seem to feed off of the maelstroms.

Many of these sub-realms act as gateways to the
larger Wyld-influenced areas, although using one as a
method of travel is a roll of the dice. There's no
certainty where a Garou might end up — none what-
soever. Pocket Realms also have a tendency to disap-
pear and reappear in different locations. This is be-
cause they form, dissolve, and reform in different areas
of the Umbra. Their formations are completely ran-
dom, and if they were to form in the middle of another
Realm, the results would be devastating as they warped
and absorbed whatever they came in contact with.

Pocket Realms
Umbra, and they can lead to anywhere in the
Tellurian. They can be reflections of past events, or
potential futures. Some Pocket Realms revolve around
a certain emotion or mood. While one particular
Pocket Realm might embody the horrific aftermath
of a violent battle, the next may be the gentle mirror
of peaceful utopia.

Pocket Realms have various spiritual inhabitants,
ranging from the mundane to the outrageous. These
miniature realms manifest suddenly, and disappear as
quickly as they become established. Storytellers should
feel free to use Pocket Realms not only as gateways to
larger, more established Realms, but also as echoes of
legends, dreams, and life experiences.

With the ever-increasing friction between the
members of the Triat, the Wyld has lost grounds that
were once firmly in its domain. Such places are strange

and haunting, not unlike an ancient cemetery. The
most commonly known places are petrified forests. In
days long past, these places were virtual havens for
Wyld-attuned beings. Songs tell of myriad once-mys-
tical and wondrous places from which Wyld influences
have long since been banished. The rise of the Gaunt-
let left such places prone, and the Weaver's minions
were quick to capitalize on the undefended land.
Perhaps as a reminder of its superiority in the physical
world, the Weaver turned all living things to stone.
Today, the calcified trees stand as gravestones and
silent testaments to what Wyld domains on the face of
Gaia were like. Garou do not visit such sites regularly,
as they are a disturbing reminder of what has been lost
in the Modern Age.
Such places can be found throughout the Tellurian

They range from barren lands made infertile by the

Wyrm, to empty vacuums that sit devoid of any struc-
ture in the Umbra. Remnants of spirit battles can
sometimes be found at such sites. While it can be
difficult to reconstruct what might have happened,
even the most novice investigator can gather that the
conflicts were fierce, and that by the time a fallen
realm had been plundered, there were no Wyldlings
left to tell their respective tales.

Fallen realms have become more prevalent in
recent days. What isn't known is the exact number of
Wyld realms that have fallen under attack. Such a
count would be difficult due to the fluctuation of the
locations of Wyld controlled areas. Fallen realms
generally repel most creatures due to the atrociti
that have occurred in them. They are dark, unnerv-
ing remnants of what happens when forces of the
Triat clash.

What the Wyld Wark?

There were no men in sight as the pack gathered under
the full light of Luna's face. A single wolf sang to the night
as the others sat in a circle around him. The howls were low
and sad as he shared the tale of his people with a young wolf
who had just joined the pack.

"Our enemies prey upon even the mightiest hunter
among us. We feel the end even more severely than any of
the others who share our blood."

The wolf paused in his howls as he eyed those in his
pack. He continued, but his song took on an angry tone,
"The Weaver beings build and build, killing the Mother as
surely as the corruption of the Wyrm seeks to do. Crushed
between the two, the Wyld suffocates as the others strangle
him and the Mother in their territorial contest. Why do they
hurt that whichis not theirs to injure? Why do they hunt that
which is not theirs to kill? These are questions that our more
human brothers would try to answer. But | am not one of
those creatures , and neither are you, pup. Because of their
human sensibilities, our Garou brothers have betrayed
themselves to the forces that created them. They have
forgotten the ways of old when everything was sacred and
all followed the cycle of the seasons."

The pup lowered his head in submission, and for a
moment the forest was silent. The old wolf sat straight and
growled in a quiet, dangerous tone, "But you may ask
yourself this: Is the rage that wells in your heart, as you see
what has become of us, yours? Is it that of Mother Gaia
crying at what has come to pass? Or, is it the Wyld
screaming out in fury as those who should be Her allies
enslave, degrade, and destroy Her? Whose anger is it? Itis
of no matter anymore. I say letit come, letit give us strength

Chapter One: Cosmology 37

a a ED ES AN


that our brothers do not possess. Letitsee us through vas
this endless winter."

The complete lack of symmetry in the Triat
has driven the Wyld to the edge. The rage of the
Wyld at the actions of its siblings is unparalleled.
The Wyld needs to be healthy and act freely in
accordance with what it knows. As its creative
abilities become stymied, it strains against cir-
cumstance to return the Tellurian to what it once
was. Balance matters to the Wyld, because it re-
quires balance to survive. In the end analysis,
sutvival is all that matters. The Wyld would with-
out remorse absorb and reform every being on the
face of Gaia to bring about equilibrium. The signs
are clear to those who know how and where to
look; the final days are here. But while the
Garou Nation assumes that the Wyrm will con-
sume, degrade, and destroy Gaia, or that the

cified web of stagnation, they ignore the
warning signs of the enraged Wyld.
Plagues, earthquakes, hurricanes,
and other natural disasters are the warn-
ing shots of the Wyld across its sib-
lings' bow. Nevertheless, the Weaver
and the Wyrm continue their age-
old battle, heedless of the conse-
quences
The Wyld will be the great equal-
izer, one way or another.
‘What does this mean for Gaia?
The Wyld has no desire to destroy
Gaia. The fact is that the Wyld
depends on Gaia's spirituality to
provide the vital spark of true,
meaningful life, which in turn
causes the Wyld to thrive. How-
ever, inits anger, the Wyldwould
sooner absorb and recreate a new
environment where itis free tocon-
tinue its efforts as a creator unhin-
dered.
Few Garou understand where the true
peril that everything faces comes from. Elders
aren't inclined to listen to tales of the End
coming about as the actions of anything other
than Wyrm-the-Destroyer or Weaver-the- §
Mad. The state of affairs on Gaia is merely
symptomatic of what is occurring in the
Umbra amongst the members of the Triat
In spite of the Gauntlet, the Weaver and

the Wyrm play a dangerous game of one-upmanship on
the physical plane while trying to further their objec-
tives. As the Wyld is more-or-less trapped in the
Umbra, its effects in the physical world are limited, so
it builds its strength in the spirit realms.

On occasion, the Wyld does go on an all-out
offensive against the Weaver, and it's not unlike a fire
hose being pointed at a spider web. However, because
of its very nature, it is hard for the Wyld to remain
focused in its tasks. It is also important to understand
that if the Wyld ‘wins' its eternal struggle against the
Weaver that even the most agnostic or atheist person
would consider the resultant reality to be some sort of
Hell on Earth.

The true loss in the contest for control has been.
the Wyrm. Theoretically, the Wyld understands that
without the Wyrm, there can never be peace with the
Weaver. If there is no peace with the Weaver, then
there can never be balance. If there is no balance, the
Wyld will perish.

It is not ready to roll over and die.

As things currently stand, the Umbra is the
Wyld's battleground. The Wyld uses guerilla-like

tactics against its siblings, striking unexpectedly,
with varying degrees of success. Still, the Wyld fights
to gain footholds in the physical world. As the Apoca-
lypse draws near, the battle for balance grows more
violent, encompassing more ground, and becoming
more dangerous for those caught in the crossfire:
Few shapeshifters truly grasp the cosmic war that
brews in the Umbra. Mortal beings could only begin to
guess at the rhyme and reason behind the power plays
of the Triat. While some philosophers might point to
jealousy, greed, or lust for ultimate power as the cause
of strife, the inner workings of the Triat are far beyond
awerebeast's understanding. While the Garou work to
strengthen the Wyld's presence in the physical world,
the Wyld sees their alliance as incidental. The Wyld
would not mourn the loss of a million Garou, anymore
than a person mourns the loss of a million skin cells
when they scratch their arm. The servitude of any
given shapeshifter is convenient, but certainly not
necessary in the end analysis. This can put those who
venerate the Wyld into precarious, and sometimes
dangerous positions as they fight not only the "en-
emy", but struggle to avoid friendly fire as well.

Chapter One: Cosmology 39



The Wyld is not one to play favorites among the
Garou Nation; some Fera ot tribes may venerate the
Wyld on a more personal and spiritual level than
others do, but the Wyld takes no notice. There is no
"chosen tribe" for the Wyld, nor is there a specific
"chosen shifter." While the minority of Gaia's inhab-
itants, or a very select few, may be well adapted to
thrive and survive within the torrential currents and
squalls of chaos, the masses never are and never will be
This truism applies to the Garou Nation and the rest
of the Fera as well. There may be a few individuals
among the menagerie of the Changing Breeds who can
peacefully coexist with the truly Wyld and, in some
cases, even form symbiotic relationships with the
unknown and incomprehensible spirits and totems of
the Wyld. Even so, the majority of the Changing

Breeds simply knows and accepts that it is wise to
remain out from under the feet of gods.

Lack Filer

"The Wyld is dying. Man is killing her."

—all-too-common Black Fury complaint

Ashe strode the ancient streets of Athens, he ignored
the throngs of people teeming around him. He did not stop
to appreciate the monuments or the relics of a long-dead

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World

LT T_T Le DL EEN,

society. He came seeking power, and he wasn't going to
leave without it. He was confident that his soon-to-be
mentor would be unwilling to share, but that didn't matter.
He had away of acquiring information from even the most
uncooperative of subjects.

A small cobblestone street led him to his destination.
He paused outside of the small home that he was fairly
certain would become either a cache of knowledge for
himself, or a torture chamber for its inhabitant. He smiled
briefly at the thought as he skipped up the stairs and
cheerfully knocked on the door. An elderly woman an-
swered the door, and gave him a friendly grin.

"Come in," the woman beamed through laugh-wrinkled
eyes as she pulled the door farther open. "I have been
waiting for you." She stepped aside, allowing him entry to
her home. He frowned at her statement, but stepped
through over the threshold. He was greeted by the scent of
fresh moussaka cooling on the kitchen counter

The old woman shut the door firmly behind him, looked
briefly out the window onto the street below, then dre
shade. The woman carried on casually as she pulled two
plates from her cupboard to serve her newfound guest. He
watched her with the uncertainty of a seasoned warrior who
never underestimated his foe, waiting for the weapon to be
drawn. When no weapon appeared short of a serving ladle,

41


he wondered if he had somehow mistakenly come to the
wrong place.

"You look famished," she commented, carefully filling
his plate. "Why don't you have a seat, and stay awhile."
Her smile was almost grandmotherly.

No, he thought to himself. She is definitely Garou.

"Lam, in fact, hungry," he replied in cold dismissal.
"But I don't want any of your food." He knocked the plate
out of her hand, sending it tumbling to the floor.

The woman shook her head, smiling in an almost
condescending disappointment. "So angry..." she mut-
tered. "Alright, sweetheart. Have a seat, and tell me why
you came here."

Her behavior was not at all what he had expected, and
he didn't like surprises. Gutting her where she stood briefly
played through his mind, but then he remembered that he
needed the information he had come for, and opted for a
post-conversational kill.

"T want you to tell me about—"

"No, you don't," the woman interrupted as soon as
the words had left his mouth. "Because you simply can't
understand. What you want is beyond your grasp." She
shook her head sympathetically and shrugged her shoulders.

"You don't even know what I want! How...?" His
voice raised as his blood began to boil. His fingers dug into
the edge of the table, which splintered in his hands like balsa.
She gave him what almost appeared to be a friendly
admonishment, but for some reason it stopped him in his
tracks. "Sit down, Cevin. Let's talk about this," she
gestured to a chair

How does she know me? he wondered. Once again,
he gave brief consideration to the image of turning her into
abloodstain on the floor, but decided to humor her for abit,
if for nothing else but to make the denouement of the
evening all the more sweet. There was nothing that this old
bitch, even if she was a full-blooded Garou, could do to
harm him. He tured a chair around backward and sat
across from her and smiled the smile of a fox in a hen house

"So
Mother,

"I don't need to know anything about Gaia," he
snarled in return, as if the very mention of the name begat
an acrid taste in his mouth.

"Lam not talking about Her. You're very impatient,
Mr. Prigg." Another warm smile punctuated her little
revelation, as if she were praising a toddler.

Cevin chuckled in disgust. Well, isn't she a keeper.
She knows my whole name.

"Why do you think that you are fit to understand what
‘you have come seeking?" She asked.

"I want..." he paused, clenched his teeth, and contin-
ued. "No, I need to know. You will tell me, old woman.

This is not some Rite of Passage that you're overseeing. The
speed and clarity of your forthcoming with the knowledge I
require will be directly inverse to the amount of pain I will
inflict on your addled, withered body if you try me any
further." Cevin could feel his blood pressure rise. He didn't
like to be toyed with. He was well aware of the pride and
courage that the Furies would display even in the face of
death or violation, but that didn't make her behavior any
more acceptable. He refused to be the plaything of an old
woman, Black Fury, Black Spiral or whatever.

She laughed, and Cevin burned at the condescension
he heard in her laugh. Itwas as if she fancied herself an adult
laughing at the folly of a child.

"T'll tell you then, but don't throw a fit when you don't
understand."

"Are you calling me stupid?" he growled. His eyes
burned with an almost toxic green luster beneath his
darkening brow

"Not at all, Cevin. It's more like this; men are too
complicated. You have to think things through and make
rational, logical decisions." She paused. "Hmm. For ex-
ample: What is important in life, Cevin? Food and drink?
Women? Do the Dancers still have a problem with women
making them nervous?" The woman winked and smiled
briefly. "Is it power you want, Cevin, or control? Does a
‘man truly understand love? No! In his logic and reason he
claims to, but what creature that really feels it would do
what has been done to our Mother."

"You diseased old crone." Cevin's baritone growl
hummed with a near-insane thrumming. "I am not inter-
ested in your speeches about romance, or your personal
philosophies regarding misogyny."

"I know that you say that, but we both know that isn't
true, is it?"

Cevin laughed, meaning for it to sound mocking, but
instead his laugh had an almost pathetic ring in his ears.
"You speak of love? That fancy is long gone to me, crone.
There is no right or wrong when your mother glares back at
you in hatred of what you' ve become through her allowance
and misgivings. There is only rage. There is no good or evil,
there is only survival." He paused to see if he was having an
impact, "In the end, there is no salvation. There is only the
illusion of salvation. That is all that matters. Love is a
punchline to a wretched joke."

"Let me ask you this, pup: Have you ever birthed?
Have you ever carried a child in your womb, worried and
prayed for that child every day and night until you finally
held it in your arms?"

His voice was a near shout. "Are you blind as well as
stupid, old woman?"

"Have you ever cried tears of pain and joy at the
same time?"

42 Book of the Wyld

UA Ee Ps ET TT, Er a Ly,


Cevin bared his teeth. "I don't cry. And my patience is running out. You..."
"Do you feel the need to comfort a crying child, or do you shy away in discomfort?"

"Children find me to be frightening, as if I meant them harm. Can you
imagine?" He half wondered if this demented creature would catch his
sarcastic tone. She certainly wasn't living up to her reputation for
wisdom

"As I should?" She offered him another smile. "Men
react, Cevin. Women respond."

Cevin sighed through his teeth. One last chance,
he mused to himself. I'll humor you for just one
more breath before your dining room becomes
my abattoir. I have no idea why I'm being so
generous; it's not even as if you're sharp
enough to appreciate it.

His lip curled. "What's the difference, old
woman? If someone strikes at you, are you
not to return the blow? Is not vengeance as
sweet as victory? How should I know what it
is like to birth? Why should I care?"

/ His voice grew cold. "I would have enjoyed
your riddling games if they'd been more incisive, but you shouldn't try
to play New Moon. You're no good at it. Now we play my game. You
will teach me to speak the tongue of the Wyldlings so that I might
nurture my Hive back from the chaos that threatens its sanctity. Time
is of the essence in this matter, and yours
J isnunning ous like quicksilver... eiveyou
my word — and I do value my word,
no matter what you may think of me
— that you will be spared any unnec-
essary amount of pain afterwards.
"It's not in a man's nature to nur-
ture. It's ina man's way to give... or
to take, but never nurture."

Cevin stood over her, and
looked her in the eye. His vision had
tumed red. "Dammit, I said we're
done with riddles! Tell me what I want
to know. I must have access to the power
of your legends, Fury. I must have the
means to fight that which
threatens my Hive and
while | won't
» killyouto get
it, swear by


Erebus that I'll make you beg me to if you refuse to give me
the weapons to fight the Wyld." The last word was more
growl than anything else

"You take things," she pers
but do you ever nurture things?"

Cevin hurled his head back and stared blankly at the
ceiling. "This is by far and away the most fucked up,
conversation I have ever... You've seen this before, Half
Moon. You've watched the Wyld consume with indiffer-
ence. I've heard the songs. I've followed the myths of Miria.
I know you know how to fight this. TELL M

"Have you ever made anything grow?"

"Grow? No! That is not what I do. The end is all that
matters."

She shook her head sadly. "You wish to understand a
power that you are not prepared to comprehend. You can't
even begin to understand the miracle of creation, when the
only thing in your field of vision is death."

For some reason, Cevin felt her words twist inside of
him. He sensed a long forgottenemotion try to struggle to
the surface, a muffled scream inside himself briefly echoed
through his soul... and then vanished

"Cevin, we're not gettinganywhere with this. The more
angry you become, the less of your wits You have about you.
Youneed to leavenow." She rose fromherchair and carefully
guided him to the door. "We're done talking, and all the
talking in the world couldn't hope to change your heart."

Cevin stood slowly, as if lifted from his seat and pushed
his chair under the table, hanging his head in obedience.
"I... I should... kill you before I leave." he mumbled
without meeting her gaze as she opened the door for him

"T know you think you should, Cevin, but I'm not
going to let you kill me today. Today, you're going to think
about what I said, and tomorrow, perhaps, you'll bea little
wiser for it. Regardless, you're going to leave Athens
tonight and never, ever return here. Do you understand?"

Cevin walked from the house slowly, wrapped in a
hazy buzzing that he couldn't quite pin down. He felt as if
he was suddenly lost, or that he had forgotten his wallet. As
he walked away from the quaint Athens townhouse with the
smiling, old woman in the doorway, he somehow felt
through his dreamlike fog that his actions did not quite match
his desire. Tomorrow would bring a new sunrise over the
Mediterranean, and Cevin Frigg would wake from night-
mare-laden slumber and blame jet lag for his complete and
total inability to remember exactly why he had come to
Athens, and would also fear ever returning for that which
he failed to obtain.

When a Garou visualizes a "defender of the Wyld,"
almost immediately songs and stories regarding the
heroism and courage of the Black Fury tribe enter her
mind. Many (particularly the Furies themselves) be-
lieve that no being understands and comprehends the

ed, "and you give things,

44 Book of the Wyld

[PPLE Ps ET Li ET OR, ntintieiemnny 7/4

intimate relationship between an individual and the
le of life and death better or more personally than
a female. If this is in fact the case, the Black Furies are
an excellent example to prove the point as fact.

On a societal level, the Furies have founded an
entire belief system based on uncompromising respect
for and service to the Wyld. The Wyld completes the
trinity of the powerful female forces they recognize —
only Luna and Gaia are more prominent in the tribe's
faith. The Black Furies seem to have a very deep
understanding of the Wyld's relationship to Gaia and
what ithe Wyld does regarding Gaia's continued sur-
vival. They. seem to accept that Gaia is the sum of
many, many parts that work together in various cycles
of harmony and symbiosis, and that the Wyld is the
force that propels these cycles to continually spin on
the axis of the universe.

For millennia, the Black Furies have striven to take
charge of the rare caerns devoted to the Wyld itself. In
modern days, the Furies also possess, defend and maintain
the greatest — quite possibly the only — Wyld caern
active in the physical world: the island of Miria in the
Aegean Sea betweett Greece and Turkey. Quite possibly
the tribe's mostsacred place in all the world, Miria is held
understrictrule and tight guard by the Sept of the Bygone
Visions and their Totem, Themis the Dream-Weaver.
While only Black Furies are permitted to reside within
the caern, females of the Garou Nation (with the excep-
tion of Shadow Lords and Get of Fenris) are allowed to
visit the caern occasionally. Access to the caem is virtu-
ally impossible at best and suicidal at worst via sea or air,
so moon bridge travel is the most practical means for
anyone that is welcomed by the Sept of Bygone Visions
to actually get to the island. Entrance onto Miria is
granted only through the Sept's permission or invitation,
and uninvited gueststhat have attempted trespass through
Hecate's Gate on the island have found themselves
trapped in the nightmarish, limbo Totem Realm of
Themis, who guards the Moon Bridge entrance.

Red Taloot

"Wilderness is not the same as chaos."

— Crookpaw, Red Talon sage

The Red Talons, by sheer nature of who and what
they are, not only within the crisscrossing of Gaia's
ecosystems, but within the Garou Nation as well, have
what might be considered a unique relationship with
the Wyld andits associated influenceson the Tellurian.
For the Talons, the Wyld is release. It is a constant
reminder of a time when wolves ruled the forest and
men knew better than to stray too far from the warm,
soft places where they reside within the Weaver's
webbing. The world was strongand healthy back in the


Originallypresentedin Caerns: Places of Power:

Jatt of the Bajgene Vitlons

Caern: The island of Miria
Level: 4
Gauntlet: 3
Type: Wyld
Tribal Structure: Only Black Furies are allowed
to join the caern.,
Totems: Themis, the Dream-Weaver

The Caern of Miria is small in numbers, with
only five permanent members (powerful Furies of
éach auspice) and an additional five to ten.rotat-
ing guards. The sept leader is Iona Kinslayer, an
aged but.still strong Galliard who! earned her
stripes in the Second World" War. The lupus
Warder is the Philodox Kyra Firefoot; the sept's
ambassador isa charming Ahroun named Kelonoke
Wildhair. The sept's resident Theurge is actually
ametis male, Teiresias, whose health is beginning
to fail; tribal rumor has it that Sister Judith Paws-
of-Light, the renowned healer and warrior, may be
called on to replace him when he can no longer
carry out his duties. The sept's Ragabash is rarely
there, and there's some dispute over who exactly it
serves that role —the most popular theory is that
Julisha of the Thousand Masks calls Miria her

home when she's between assassinations.

days that the Wyld was in full vigor — hence, to the
typical Talon mindset, strengthening the Wyld is a
direct way to help Gaia regain her health once more.

Many Theurges within the Garou Nation support
a theory that states that as the Black Spiral Dancers
have fallen heart, body and soul to the Wyrm of
corruption and destruction, the Red Talons too serve

a different master in the modern nights: the Wyld.
Some even speculate that the Talons have, over the
centuries, become "Wyld-tainted" to some degree or
another. The Red Talons, however, do not apologize
for what they are or for what they have become in
response to the myriad changes they feel they have
been forced to endure since the end of the Impergium.

Itshould also be noted that not many Red Talons
who have heard the theory of their "fall" to the Wyld
do much more than snort or chuckle at the notion.
Whether the theories are true or not, the Red Talons
maintain a healthy respect for the Wyld for the most
part asa tribe and aren't commenting too much on the
speculations of their brothers or sisters.

The Vole of the Woff

"Men ave too complicated. They must think things
through, they confuse themselves with things that do not
‘matter. What matters? Food in your belly? A strong bitch
with whom to mate? What matters is the cold winter that
you can feel settle in your bones as the leaves tum.

"The men do not feel it. They cannot. They are
deaf to that which calls to them. They do not under-
stand that which is natural to us, to a wolf. They are
blind, and crippled

"Who then, is the lord of the land? The sheep-man
that watches over the heads of his livestock counting
them — one... two... three... — the numbers of the
Weaver pollute his mind. The sheep-man only covets
that which he has stolen and now guards

"Ts the lord of the land the wolf who stalks the night
in search of the warm, steamy red waterthat ti¢kles the
snout as it bubbles and pulses front'the tom flesh of a
righteous kill? No. The lord of theland is the hunger of
the land. It makes the sheep-méin defensive of his flock
and it drives the wolf in the‘forest to spill the blood of
that which it can overpower.

"The lord of the lands the hanger of the Wyld. He
is the appetite of Gaia,

"We are but servants of this hunger. To deny it is
todeny being@ wolf To deny thé hunger of Gaia is to
challenge,the alpha of the wniverse. Gaia's appetite
must beSatedaPhe hunge# of the land, the Wyld, must
be fed. If itis not, then Gaia will surely starve to death
and whither awayéWe love the Mother, and Her death
brings the death of us all.

"Does diman understand love? No! In his logic and
reason, héelaims to, but what creature that ely feels love
«would do what man has done to our Mother? Does aman
kmowrespect? Ofcourse not, otherwise the healthy would
survive, and the diseased would be culled. Does a man
understand honor? There is no honor in weakness.

"Men... even our Garou brothers and sisters and
packmates... speak of right and wrong, of good and
evil. There is no right or wrong when your belly growls
at you in hatred. There is no good or evil in the kill.
There is only survival. Survival and hunger. Evil and
goodness, right and wrong... these are the words of
men, words that the Weaver bitch taught to her
offspring. These are words her offspring say to them-
selves at night over folded hands in the hopes that they
will sleep more deeply and not be jostled by the cry of
that which lies beyond the safety of her webs.

"We sleep at night with full bellies and clear con-
sciences by refusing to deny the hunger of the Wyld."

— Sings-to-Smoke, Red Talon Galliard

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World 45


Lack Spon! Dapeers

The fallen tribe is anathema to the Wyld. Where
the Wyld represents hope and possibility, the Black
Spiral Dancers champion despair and destruction of all
things. There is, quite possibly, no greater enemy to
the Wyld in the realm of the physical than that which
is represented by the tribe of the Wyrm. While the
Weaver seeks to subdue and control that which is of
the Wyld, to regulate it in form and fashion, the Black
Spiral Dancers and the minions under the command of
the Wyrm seek only to destroy it.

Many Black Spirals argue that without the Wyld's
influence on the Tellurian, the Weaver would have
nothing with which to weave the Pattérn Web where
the Wyrm hasbeen imprisoned. Thetighterthe Weaver
spins her web, the more damagéishe does to the Wyrm
and the moresdense its bohds within her web become.
Whether this ultimately proves to be philosophical
dogma or irrefutable, cosmological fact, the Black
Spiral Dancers are, for the most)patt, united by a
singular beliefythe Wyld'must be silenced im order for
the Wyrm to prevail: And.since the Wyrm's triumph.
is the only way for'this world to be remade into
something fresh, the Wyld'screations must be undone.

It should come as.no surprise, then, that many of
the Thresholds that haye manifested, themselves in
the past millennia have.done so inthe aspect of
Abscesses'that use Black Spiral Hivesias theirfounda-
tions. For the Black Spitals, this is not onlyaspiritually
expensive phenomenon, but ironi¢allyenough, a con-
fusing one. A Black Spiral Hive is, quite possibly, more
suitable fora Wyld Abseess than a Gaian caern in that
and lawlessness are everyday fare. The Wyld's
apparent response to the Black Spiral Dancers is simple:
it seems to use thé'fallen ones' tactics against them.
While the Wyld can be thunderous, direct and unstop-
pable, itcanalso be subtle and silent. "Corruption from
within" isa tactic that, while accustomed to using, the
Black Spirals find themselves hard pressed to defend
against. When the pitmasters of a Hive finally realize
that the Wyld has taken hold of it and is seeking to
assimilate its energy for its own needs, it is normally far
too late for anything short of the complete destruction
of the Hive to do any sort of good.

Only the strongest and most unified Hives stand a
chance against a Wyld Abscess. The majority of Hives
that come under direct assault from the Wyld do not
survive; totem spirits are dispelled via massive Wyldling
assault. Banes are drained of their Essence, Black
Spirals of their Gnosis, and the Wyld's need for sur-
vival becomes a most chilling vendetta against those
who would elate in its complete destruction. While

chao:

46 Book of the Wyld

[LF Ps OT Ss LT TT LT LT CIT

this might seem a glorious victory for the Wyld, it is a
Pyrthic one at best. Having been ousted from their
homes, the Black Spiral Dancers normally seek to
befoul and stain new lands for their uses, or worse still,
Gaian caerns to corrupt for their own ends.

The results are a vicious cycle that does little more
than fuel the bonfires of Apocalypse, bringing the
Garou Nation closer and closer to the brink of total
annihilation.

The Other Tehbet

It's virtually futile to try to generalize how the other
tribes view the Wyld within their tribal societies (as
opposed to the general Garou beliefs and each werewolf's
personal take on the philosophy). Once you get past the
absolute basics of Garou belief (Gaia is good, the Wyrm
is diseased, etc.), opinions start varying widely from sept
to sept, even from pack to pack. Nonetheless, a few
patterns are perceptible, no matter how faint.

The Bone Gnawers may live at the intersection of
Weaver Avenue and Wyrm Boulevard, but that only
intensifies their understanding that they need the
Wyld. The surge of life and creativity the Wyld pro-
vides is part of what keeps the Bone Gnawers going
despite the long odds they face. However, that doesn't
mean the Gnawers are likely to kiss the Wyld's butt.
They'll defend a Wyld pocket, particularly an urban
one, with their lives, but don't ask them to perform any
gussied-up rites of worship for it or anything.

The Children of Gaia basically follow the Garou
Nation party line where the Wyld is concerned; they
perceive it as important, and the only member of the
Triat to still deserve their support, but it lacks Gaia's
grace and is therefore a tenuous ally. The Fianna feel
much the same way; although some Fianna like to draw
links between the legendary fae folk and the Wyld,
there's no particular evidence to convince the entire
tribe to champion this correlation.

The Get of Fenris are not generally great Triatic
philosophers. To their minds, one of the Triat has gone
berserk, the other is the Enemy they were born to fight,
and the third needs to be protected until the war's over —
what more needs to be said? Fenrir tend to prefer associ-
ating exclusively with Gaian spirits; they simply can't
trust any of the others, Wyldlings included. There's awar
going on, and it's foolish to waste time on diplomacy with
spirits that don't likely understand the concept.

On the other hand, the Glass Walkers are a little
cool about the thought of defending the Wyld as itis.
The average Walker hears members of other tribes talk
about "strengthening the Wyld," and since those plans
usually mean trimming back the Weaver in less than
gentle ways, he getsa little nervous. The Glass Walkers


in general prefer to focus their efforts on understanding
the Weaver so that they might reach her and heal her
— and the more extremist pro-Wyld philosophies
don'tseem to take those ideas into account. Asaresult,
although the tribe persistently counsels that the Wyld
should be defended, they prefer to take a more re-
strained approach to the tactics involved.

Though the Shadow Lords may like a solid hierar-
chy with clear laws, they are remarkably pragmatic
about working for the benefitof the Wyld or itschildren.
Like the Get, they tend not to trust the Wyld's servants
too far — but Shadow Lords are well used to working
with people (or entities) they don't trust. The Silent
Striders, along similar lines, are very good at seeing the
big picture and recognizing the Wyld as something that
must be protected. They carry news of endangered or
newly discovered Wyld places just as they carry news of
caems or Wyrm attacks, usually to the people that can
do the most with the news.

For their part, the Silver Fangs are the very picture
of the Garou Nation's general attitude — sworn to
defend the Wyld against its siblings' depredations,
sometimes missing out on the differences between the
Wyld and Gaia, usually acting out of duty rather than
genuine love for the Wyld. They usually leave actual
Wyld-related duties to those of other tribes, particu-
larly Furies and Talons; the Fangs tend to feel that it's
best for each to serve according to their talents.

As might be expected from their heavy interest in
spirit lore, the Uktena have so many different philoso-
phies and theories concerning the Wyld that they
don't have much of a common opinion at all. Tribal
opinions seem to range from modest pragmatism to
outright fanaticism — legend holds that a number of
Uktena have "fallen" to the Wyld, abandoning their
tribal ties to serve their new master. The Wendigo, on
the other hand, don't spend so much time singling out
Wyld places to defend; the tribe's troubles with their
lupine and human Kin take precedence.

Finally, the Stargazers support a philosophy of
balance in all things. Their devoted opposition to the
Weaver on all levels — even on the plane of thought
itself — makes them vigorous defenders of the Wyld by
default. The tribal elders have taken this philosophy
with them to the Beast Courts, where they currently
compare their findings with those of the hengeyokai.
The final key to the problem of the Triat's imbalance,
they say, may already have been found — it just
remains to identify and unite the pieces.

The Fira

The moon shone down onto the dark expanse of
Curzon Park through the haze of humidity that draped

Calcutta ina warm, damp, curry-scented fog on a nightly
basis. Niha's heels made the sound of a glass bottle tapping
on stone as she slowly made her way through the winding
pathways of what the locals knew as "Rat Park." It was not
at all a misnomer. Niha saw and heard several of the
chittering creatures, some as large as small house cats,
darting in and out of the bushes which lined the path before
her as well in the trees which obscured the moonlight above
her. This was only her second time inside the park proper.
She'dasked Willard to meet her elsewhere in the future after
he'd set their first meeting here; of course, he ignored her.
Niha wasn't happy about that. The sounds created by the
countless vermin of the park, coupled with the unmistak-
ably human smells of the city which surrounded the park, set
her nerves on edge and tended to disorient her senses. Even
relying on her extrasensory birthrights, Curzon Park was
difficult to contend with. Motion was all around her; at
least a thousand rats of varying size and shape where
surrounding her at all times and scurrying hither and yon
throughout the underbrush and canopy of the park's grounds.

The Mont Blanc in her right hand felt warm and
seemed to vibrate slightly as the canopy above her thick-
ened, blotting out even more of the bright moonlight. He's
here, and he's very close, she thought to herself as she
approached the center of the park where an ancient fountain
gurgled and spat. No less than two dozen rats swam and
wrestled in the fountain' s reservoir, darting in and out of the
smelly water like pigeons in a birdbath.

Willard sat on the opposite side of the fountain, facing
her. She noted that even in the near total darkness of the
park, broken only by sporadic reflections of moonlight in the
fountain' s water, he wore sunglasses. Niha stepped past the
fountain and the bathing rats, clearing her throat softly
before she spoke.

"Have you seen the sun lately?" The young woman's
words rolled off her tongue in a virtually flawless English
accent. She smoothed her skirt and crossed her legs, settling
comfortably onto the bench next to Willard.

"Not since I was a child," replied the man sharing the
bench with her. He folded the newspaper he'd been reading
into quarters and set it on his lap in a crinkling square.
"How are you, Niha? You look absolutely radiant. It's
been far too long."

Niha shifted in her seat as she kicked softly ata rat that
seemed to take an interest in the buckle of her heel. She felt
the sensation of an army of crawlerlings shift through her
belly as the handsome, rugged, virtually "John Wayne"
American next to her smiled widely , his eyes rolling across
her form slowly and deliberately through the black morass
of his shades.

It took her all of three seconds to acknowledge that he
had made the comment simply as. a means to provoke her in
some manner or another. She didn't have the time or the

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World 47


inclination for chitchat, and even the articulation of a smile
was something Nika found awkward. "Thank you, Mr.
Willard," she responded with a small, coquettish smile and
a mocking slow-motion bat of her eyes

Willard smiled. "Oh, never mind them. The omery
ones'll try to snatch anything that's shiny. The ones that
sniff at you from a distance though, they're the ones you
want to watch. It's their way of checking you out, Niha
They want to know your deal. They can smell that
something's... well... off."

Niha unzipped a sleek, black, eel-skin day-planner
that she balanced in her lap with tiny yet elegantly
elongated hands. "I believe that the first order of this
meeting should be the settling of old business on your part,
Mr. Willard? The final, agreed upon amount was some-
thing to the tune of..."

"Seven." Willard reached to his side, arching himself
towards Nika to retrieve his own day planner. "Seven for
third and fourth quarter. And | also brought the proposed
expansion area of the initial acreage on CD for you. I really
think you and your people should take a look at it."

Niha frowned. The expansion of the Nahadjipur Acre-
age to the west of Calcutta's suburbs had already encom-
passed two thirds of the Nahadjipur marshlands. Endron
Chemicals International had sponsored the purchase of the
marshlands through both hook and crook and the

puppeteering of Rakthavira Indus-

tries. The marshlands were home
to some of the most numerous,
stalwart and venomous spe-

cies of insects and arachnids
onearth and were becoming

¥ atestinggroundfor the "next
generation" of genetic pes-
ticides. These pesticides
would benefit the endeav-

0 ons of "safe agriculture"
worldwide, and India's

° small sacrifice of the
Nhahadjipur Marshlands
would bring billions of Ameri-
canand Eurodollars into the sub-
continent's economy as a re-

© PF sult. Niha, however, saw
4 &Y onlylossinthe equation. Her
2B, homewasvanishing,
=~ thousands of gene-

based poisons had been unleashed on the marshlands, and
she was running out of money. Benjamin Willard was an
excellent businessman, an exceptional information broker,
and a studied and experienced political lobbyist when he
needed to be — but he was also incredibly expensive to
retain. Niha's trade agreement of information for favors
had long since caught up with the amount of effort and risk
she was asking Mr. Willard to undertake on her behalf, and
now she was in a deficit from the business side of things

Willard pulled his sungla from over his eyes as Niha
began scripting a check. "Niha, I'm honestly trying to do
everything I can. The HAZMAT bill took center stage in
Parliament, so a lot of the petroleum-based pesticides have
stopped, but if your associates don't at least add an ounce
or two of grapefruit juice into this and start taking an
aggressive attitude towards their response to the develop-
ment project

Nihasnorted. "Please. Nahadjipur was consecrated in
the name of the Goddess to the spider five thousand years
before yourancestors had aword for "spider," Mr. Willard."

Niha's gaze became cold towards the man beside her,
her tone followed. "It is my home."

"Easy, Niha. Hear me out. I'm not giving you a
lecture; I'm trying to help you. We both know how
important the marshlands are. I won't even pretend to
downplay what's at stake here. Were not just talking about
your home or another rainforest on the brink, here...."

"Are you questioning my ability tc comprehend the
issues that demand my involvement, Mr. Willard?"

"Not at all." Willard's face twitched slightly as he
spoke. "The fact remains that you've done all you can do,
Nika. Now... I just think it's time to do it my way."

"And that would be what? Burning the marshlands to
the ground in order to kill the workers who are cutting it
down with chainsaws?"

"Ooooh. Attitude." Willard's twitching
became a dedicated sneer. "Did I mention
youlookabsolutely delicious, Nika?" Willard
shot Niha a sideways glance and a twitching
smirk. Niha's eyes focused on the ground
which seemed to slowly sway and chitter


Yd ore sr PL RAN PE AIP NAP NP

[nm pur
-ysinue aya
ur Suruaddy
dn spua wym
"quop pun pros

Sq? Wau
wane 11 1102 11,2 pup "Ino

sauo 3uoum ayy puo ut sauo
1y8u ayp deay "340d ayp 1200
yom aumu diay 07 sinok fo awos
puas nok "poop aya $2494] "DIpU
ur uarfo C1ae aananed 07 728 2, uop
| Sumpowog -sungun8ns ‘Coow
-odip puv diyspueuf fo muds aya
uy aw uo s,2u0 sty], "ado,
(7/01 paoffo rou Gduns
[ Suuaayas ---souur awos wy
7,ust uonssodoad anos amy nok
1122 puv ay 01 adwan 2,uom
Lary "PAYA IN,
sao afin aypue
am ‘sapig, "sBunf 108 aa 2m
ing {20) ajoymr D aN] 300]
10U IYyBnu apy "sn mnogo "«
juGuom oF nok 3,uop os
‘op nok so jam so asnl 2 208
2A "PICA 241 fo wuoop ay
2up spuDqysuDUL oy2 ‘st apy *

spy Gapigns
Inox "2404
mmo simu] 9Y)
01 payoaauis
a4nox "DYIN
"woog-mooq 40f
aonjd v pup awn D s,a4ay)
ways pup Gapgns sof
aovjdy pun anys 2494 |
Bung jowuaprowoo ‘pno ‘auo uw aauo 1
1? Sanssooou suvaur jp pup Kun Kq
UOp aq 01 spaau ym op am "ainb
ul anow a/x\,, "49 02 INOgD o1am
ays fi sv payoo) ays wyBnoy Kise
-woy panyyiay nq ‘2yqussod 1 paacnaq
dana poy ay wy) ION] "TUIWOUL D Lof
4aavm 01 pouaas 220f ,PYIN

« padapuryun puryyssout
aye ono ajdoad ku pup frasku ra, 01
4ap40 ut 0111 amo Nok asoup Yim axpuL on
peau nok aovad sym aypu nok asodosd
Jp ‘SHY Uo puny sry paonyd prqiyy\
cunupfuag ‘dn dooy
3,un9 2, "yaDaUg v Sung ‘pasnnd
DYN, '7,UDDa/y\ "auENsUOD OY
STUD ayn 02 plop aI] SL [RU asoym
"asa Sunpawos *-oqur amu.
prydp fo sarsads aasya payorom
11 7]09 pup 1ysyng ay pp 39 a,2X\ "uonounxa 01 pauosiod
Sar] DYIN ‘40f Sunysif a4am you fo sarvads Gfif ano paynrom
IY SLL IDYy Mow 1,UOP an ,2/x\ "Aanysnyps appsajoym fo wo0ys
oym sn fo auo p iuiy op uvo am Sunptiana ouop aA2/\\
sn fo auo aq 01 Supa DYN payin "4 ‘asodosd nok op wy,
puvissapun 2,us2op iy sn "PADytM\ Pacvf pun va svy puryag amy
foauovi.ay,, ‘pardniar say fo yoo] Kkpus v paysnig vYIN,
ul Par «MPH»,
arp on ajdoad puas 01 nok
ioadxa 10UUD9 | "Woy Ano a4v spun]
-ysaue ayy **°3,U09 J, "PAxUNqPYIN
DYN "woog-woog *as]>
Sunpoyy "aqqissod Kjammyosqn st so 297
sv sn.o121 2003 oyas asoyp pun spunpysiout asoyn yum Guolmw ay) fo supaw 40 szanout
ayn ing Sunpoxy "Tuowdinba on "usu ays asnfuod 1,uoG] "NOK asoj 01 TUDO 1,uOp | pun ‘nok
-dojanap on "sassaunm ony "1fa] BuO ou s 24042 moyim adoing puv asey uaameg uonpunofur ayi aivU
Duns ypu 2A "DYN ‘Siamydef aya on Sunysef ay eave — 1P40092,up]nOD | "awDIDossp ssouisng awe1s v usaq sCompp
Pupip ay) OU TUaWA)a JNSDU ‘495BIG DV Fuug PUDassam —-PA,NOJ,, "AOUDEWAP PAXVIAA 240UL D OI asD2 01 pauioas
102-24 Pynod wy "fjesw puafep or suMIs purpysumU —_ WAY a4ofaq sHPA ays ‘21 YIM pun ‘you 11980] 220f 8 PITTA

kammuaa as [7 ay) fo r4nd sanag ay) swiaes
awym sof sq 4nok Burod uaaq oa, yUNp
nok op Ky/x\ "OS a4out rou ft ‘Nok 07 S171 sD
au o7 1umsodua so st spunzyseou 242 fo
uonpasasaad ay] "PYIN ‘apts ays 01 uOM
-daoxa ayp asp oym Kauolow ay) Buown

ayy auofaq aun fo sau p Kuo sa] "Uo saysin9 auoamMos —_,,"001 $8990 aavy | SunjHNOd apay ayy Pup Kauow Yara 11D
atofaq aun fo Jou v Kuo sa] "poo ou srry, 11 0p 1,un9 | pun ‘fyasanok &q siya op 3,uv9 nok ‘"DYINN,,
aynus v yim Buypyxa uays pur (deep uondayfur 1]P 180] poy aston 4p], Buuarsy Wi],

Sunpapadg ‘anaanSio vay ay so papjanyo penpiA\ ,Usua4of ang uayYDLIN ayp Lof paquiassD yBnoyp sp "yund Cz221q
oy Suuapinw ssappo3 sapids ai fo sauois yum vung) — arp fo r2auas ayuoow ay ut Jay 240faq UonUaND Iw Bunas
onu yong Bunuos siay20m uon2nAsUCD OIL parfrzoM — "4ay a1ofaq sips fo apmnfnw pajquiassy ay) fo ynsex v sD

ar ener


read in the papers as some sort of eco-terrorism gone wrong.
Maybe it'll even catch the attention of some of the heavy-
hitters back west or in Japan and we'll get some reinforce-
ments. Regardless, even if we can't save the whole of the
marshlands, we can salvage some of what's left. That's
better than nothing."

This time Niha's smile, although brief, was sincere. "Then
I believe that we have a deal of a sort, Mr. Willard." Niha
reached over, extending a hand to the man beside her. Willard
smiled, lowered his sunglasses over his eyes, slowly leaned
forward and kissed Niha gently on the tip of her perfect nose.

"And I also get to kiss you on the nose." Willard's grin
looked almost razored; his sunglasses reflected the full moon
above them. He stood and walked away, leaving Niha alone
on the bench in the depths of the park. The assembled horde
of rats followed him silently and slowly into the depths of the
park's streets. "You've got a week, Niha. Call me. If you
need to find me again before then, you've got my pen."

Niha clutched the Mont Blanc in her hand and looked
up at the moon, which seemed to have parted the Calcutta
mist as well as the canopy of Curzon Park, sighed and
smiled as she closed her eyes for a moment. "We make
awful martyrs." She whispered the words to herself, open-
ing her eyes to behold a lone rat, pink eyes glowing in the
moonlight as it stared at her from a tree branch.

Niha stood and exited the park in the same direction she
came in
Ritkiy

"We have preserved the true force of the Wyld, raw
energy returning into the world. Whenever man grows too
strong, we@te:the ones whomust hamstring him to correct
the balance, just as we did in the'springtime of the world."

Once upon a time, the Ratkin were charged by
Gaia to curtail'and keep in cai lance the overall
growth and prosperity of human tion and influ-
enée throughout the world.

That was,a long time agofand the War of Rage
changed all of that for the Ratkin forever.

Believing themselves forgotten at best and betrayed
by Gaiaatworstduriny the atrocities spawned by the War
of Rage, the Ratkin have since turned their allegiances
more towards the cleansing, galvanizitig forces of the
Wyld than those of Gaia. Althoughéreated by Gaia, the
Ratkin possess, quite possibly, the most intimate linkwith
the Wyld of any of the Changing Breeds. During
of Rage, the majority of the Ratkin who were
so retreated to the spifit world ahallhidifor their lives
against the seemingly unstoppable rage of their murder-
ous Garou cousins. Many Ratkin believe that due to this
residence in the Umbra, they have developed a genetic
predisposition for the universal force of chaos and change
and are the chosen vessels of its energy.

50 Book of the Wyld

OE rT

If the Wyld has a "chosen people," as any Ratkin
will tell you, it is the children of the Momma Rat.

The Ratkin believe that their Rage is actually the
driving strength of the Wyld coursing through their
being and that their actions are the will and desire of
the manifestation of change. This being the case,
many of the factions which exist within Ratkin society
have adopted what might be considered extreme or
even terrorist attitudes to further their causes. For
many wererats, very little matters save for whatever
will best suit the Wyld's survival where the physical
world — and humanity in particular — is concerned.

The Ratkin are, by nature, Darwinists. They be-
lieve in the survival of the fittest in its purest form.
Swarms regularly purge the weak and diseased and rat
mothers devour the sick and weak of their newborn
litters in an effort to ensure that the Swarm is as strong
as it can possibly be based on the numbers that its
living area affords it. Ratkin see the world of men as a
direct affront to the survival of the Wyld. Humans as
awhole currently exist in numbers far greater than the
world on which they live can support. Many among
the Ratkin seek to bring about the destruction of the
civilization of man, and with it the webs of the Weaver
and all of the machinations that limit the Wyld and
retard its ability to manifest in the physical world.

Only through the downfall of mankind and the dis-
mantling of all that which the Weaver has wrought with
its stale sense of orderand calculated predictability will the
‘Wyld be able to restore that which was before. When
mankind is fallen and the Weaver's order isin disarray, the
Wyrm will grow weak, having lost its most potent agents
in humanity's demise... and when that happens, the true
War of Apocalypse will begin. The Ratkin are very confi-
dent in their ability to achieve victory against the Weaver
and Wyrm forthe Wyld, and they're very comfortable with
the position they will hold in the war's aftermath as the
champions of the Mother's World.

Given the fact that most Ratkin populations easily
outnumber the Garou populations in any given urban
environment and with the powerful ally of the Wyld
standing behind them, organized, fanatical and disci-
plined in practice, the Ratkin are many ways the literal
Army of the Wyld.

A more in-depth and detailed look at the wererats'
particular philosophies concerning the Wyld and "what
needs doing" can be found in the Changing Breed
Book: Ratkin.

Anarat

"Without Gaia, there is no home for Ananasa to
veturn to."

While the Ratkin and Black Furies are more mili-
tant in their crusades for the continued survival of the


Wyld, for the Damhan, violence is rarely the method of
choice. The factions within the Ananasi dedicated to
preservation of the Wyld assert that their actions elicit
change in order to stave off the debilitating results of
stagnation. Their spider-folk sisters refer to this spiritu-
ally specialized faction of Ananasi as Kumoti

The Kumoti, like all Ananasi, lack Rage. They
employ patience, consistency and attention to detail
in place of anger. They also boast an overall awareness
and understanding of the natural order of things, an
order that is found even in the swirling madness of
what appears to be absolute chaos. This approach has
not only been successful, but also in many ways far
more effective in its subtlety than the methods em-
ployed by their Ovid contemporaries.

While the Kumoti do not claim to elicit purely
positive change, they are quick to point out that any
change, even one that might havea negative effect over
the long term,sisspreferable to the alternative. Even
disruptive orestructive change, they sais superior to
the outright destruction offered by the Wyrm or the
suffocating laws championed by the Weaver.

Evolution is, by far, the subtlest if not most pow-
erful weapon available to the Kumoti. Through con-
scidus effort on the part of the Ananasi, entire species
of insects within an ecosystem can be altered in a
relatively short period of time. The order and stasis
exemplified by insects, even in the wilds of nature, is
aportent of thé Weaver and, therefore, a bane to the
existence of the Wyld. By manipulating the basics of
the food chain within a specified area, the Kumoti can
force a species of insects to become more aggressive in
regard to their hunting practices. Breaking from their
scientifically accepted and catalogued habits and defy-
ing the very laws that the Weaver has set for the
species, the Wyld achieves a victory.

In the places of the world where the Weaver's strands
are thinner, the rural areas and farmlands of the world
where humans insist on making their presence known,
the Kumoti's methods are minor in practice while re-
maining significant in their end result. Farmers find
themselves overwrought with pestilence from locusts to
boll weevils to mosquitoes as the Kumoti ofthe area cease
hunting insects. Cattle grow ill and thin from lossofblood
asthe Ananasi feed from them instead. Asan almost self-
contained mini-Triat of their own, the Kumoti strive to
maintain as much balance as is possible with the Wyld's
best interests in mind. The patient Kumoti effectively
protect and promote some of the most secure and power-
ful Thresholds in the entirety of Gaia.

A more in-depth and detailed look at the duties of
the Wyld-dedicated Kumoti "auspice" can be found in
the Ananasi sourcebook.

Can Someone Fil fo fhe Wf?

It's a valid question. After all, if shapeshifters
can fall to the Wyrm (the most obvious example
being the Black Spiral Dancers) or to the Weaver,
it would make sense that a shapeshifter can be-
come too unbalanced and tumble away from Gaia
into the Wyld's embrace.

Though such a "fall" is possible, it's also rarer
than one might expect. Simply put, the Wyld isn't
what it used to be; it's much harder to stumble
across a pocket of concentrated Wyld energy than
it is to find a cesspool of Wyrm emanations or
become snared in the Pattern Web. The closest
thing toa group that's gone over to the Wyld is the
Rakin, and that took generations upon genera-
tions of Wyld-related activity. Since spirit posses-
sion is right out (Wyld-spirits don't care to possess
sentient beings), that means that a "fall" to the
Wyld isyprobably best eft to}sthesStoryteller's
discretion. If it.seems'likeyit should happen to
make the story better, it happens.

What effects would)too much "Wyld-taint"
haye? For starters, the character would begin to
give off a faint spirit-scent ofthe Wyld. This is
detectable only with the appropriate/Gift, but it's
real/and present.

Mental instability is also a very real pogsibil-
ity. Not to say that logic and reason are "of the
Weaver," but ifthe Weaver is naming personified
— the effort to understand, sort and)codify the
universe — then the Wyld by contrast must be
something completely unlike naming. The Wyld
resists attempts to catalogpdissect and label its
creations; exposure to enough of that resistance in
distilled spirit format could easily break down a
person's ability to see the world through the lens
shared by most rational beings.

One particularly attractive option might be to
make the character subject to Rapture — a kind of
Gnosis-frenzy that currently afflicts the Ratkin. In
essence, whenever the character gains Gnosis or
becomes involved ina muly freakish and supernatu-
ral happening, he must make a Gnosis roll as if
testing for frenzy. (The difficulty is subject to the
Storyteller's discretion.) Ifsuccessful, the character
becomes subject to a series of visions that may color
his actions — for example, he might start halluci-
nating that spiders are crawling all over the cars in
the street, and feel compelled to destroy the cars in
order to frighten off the spiders. For more ideas on
Rapture, check out the Ratkin sourcebook.

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World 51

a ae ee AN


Paton! ofthe Myf

threshold —n I: the starting point of a new state or
experience; 2: the smallest detectable sensation; 3: the
space in a wall through which you enter or leave a room or
building; the space that a door can close.

As has been said before, one doesn't have to go far
at all to find evidence of the Wyld in the World of
Darkness. But very rarely, one can find so much more.
Although they are awfully rare, particularly in these
modern times, Thresholds are the manifestations of
pure Wyld energy and influence that ooze underneath
the doorsills of the Gauntlet that lock it out of the
physical world. An acreage of creation infused on both
acellular and spiritual level with the Wyld, a Threshold
is either a portent of the pure fury of the Wyld, or a
wheezing death rattle in the nights before Apocalypse.

Not unlike a rushing river, the Wyld's energy still
endeavors to pour forth from Flux and take the path of
least opposition that can be negotiated on its way
through the Umbra and into the Realm. However, if
the Wyld's emanations are the unstoppable force, then
the Gauntlet is most certainly the immovable object.
The Wyld cannot destroy the Gauntlet outright. The
sheer force required to do so could very well spell
destruction for everything that the Wyld has ever
created, and in effect, would be the equivalent of
committing suicide on the part of the Wyld. In order
for the Wyld to manifest itself within an area of the
physical world, it must wait for the opportunity. When.
aweak point is discovered in the Gauntlet, or ifan area
of low Gauntlet can be found where the Wyld can
manifest easily, it does so quickly and quietly at first,
waiting to establish a beach head. More often than not,
these ejaculations of energy punch holes through weak
points in the Gauntlet that separates the spiritual
world from the physical. Once a foothold is gained,
however, the Wyld's minions defend it with ferocity
unparalleled even by Garou standards.

Threshold and the Caroy

Thresholds are an essentially "new" phenomenon
in the grand scheme of things where the Changing
Breeds are concerned. While there is a very good
possibility that Thresholds have manifested through-
out the ages, only the tightening and intricacy of the
Weaver's Pattern Web have made them somewhat
more obvious than they have been in the past, which
isn't much at all. Not many werewolves are able to sing
the songs or tell the tales of their encounters or
experiences with Thresholds. Thresholds are rare oc-
currences to begin with and seldom manifest in areas

52 Book of the Wyld

(EE TT etter //

of even moderate traffic. When encountered by the
Garou or other werebeasts, Thresholds radiate a sense
of the beyond, of something alien to the world that
they inhabit. Something not quite holy, but at the
same time magnificent. Something much, much big-
ger and profound than just the ground on which they
stand impresses a decidedly belittling feeling on most
Garou... and that's no small feat.

The Vy Wade Navffist

All Thresholds possess Gnosis and most possess
Rage, which may be assigned and regained as the Story-
teller sees fit. In some cases, the Storyteller may even
allot the Threshold the ability to frenzy as Garou. They
aren't precisely intelligent as we might understand it-—
but they are certainly aware. Although most Thresholds
possess Rage, they are not in any way adversely affected
by silver weaponry used against them. A Threshold's
Rage is a gift of the Wyld, not of Luna.

Additionally, the Storytelleralso determineshealth
levels afforded the Threshold — if health levels are
indeed the best way to measure the anomaly's strength.
Almost all Thresholds are essentially manifestations of
the Wyld through a natural formation — a bit of land.
The exceptions are dynamic anomalies, which tend to
manifest asabnormal weather patterns oranimals— but
dynamic anomalies are quite rare by compare to station-
ary Thresholds, which are rare enough as is.

They vary in size, shape and ecology, but most
Thresholds can withstand ungodly amounts of punish-
ment. The destruction of a Threshold, while possible,
is usually only achievable via the complete and utter
defilement or destruction of the land in which it has
manifested, i.e. toxic waste, drilling, strip mining,
radioactive exposure or massive and unrelenting fire.

T brethold Creator

Thresholds form as a result of the Wyld fighting
tooth and nail to do what it does: survive and place into
motion the forces of primal creation and unknown
possibility. To this end, Storytellers are afforded a vast
and virtually limitless set of possibilities when dealing
with the creation of Wyld Thresholds. Thresholds are
places where anything can and normally does happen.
There are no rules, no rhyme or reason to these places,
and often the very laws of nature and science are
violated by the immense spiritual footstep of the Wyld
in the physical world. Due to the very nature of these
places, Garou seldom allow humans anywhere near
them if they can help it. To do so risks the possibility of
provoking the spirits that inhabit the Threshold, which
can lead to any combination of nastiness where humans
and Garou are concerned.


Thresholds can be said to have sentience, but not
‘on any level that's conceivable by a human being or
even most shapeshifters for that matter. Some Garou
claim to know the secrets to rituals and Gifts that allow
for a better understanding of that which is Wyld. How-
ever, to actually understand what it is that the Wyld or
those that serve the Wyld are thinking would require
the ability to think on the same wavelength as that
which is considered to be the manifestation of primal
chaos and eternal possibility. The ability to do so might
call one's sanity into question. As we've already dis-
cussed, in order for us to better relate that which is Wyld
to our players, we must assign it at least the sentience
necessary for our players to understand what we're doing
when we introduce the Wyld into our games.

TVreshold Powers

All Thresholds possess powers afforded them by
the Wyld. The following is a list of suggested powers
that can be assigned to Wyld Thresholds, but are by no
means absolute in regards to the powers a Threshold
can exercise in its defense, or in some cases, offense. It
cannot be said enough: Thresholds are excessively rare.
No two will ever manifest in the same manner or, in
effect, be exactly alike. Storytellers should feel free to
empower the Thresholds they create in any manner
they see fit regardless of whether or not the following
powers suit their needs. The following powers serve
merely as a guideline. Remember; with the Wyld,
anything is possible!

* Animal Kinship — The Threshold has the power
to influence and communicate with animals on an in-
stinctual and primal level, including lupus Garou. The
animals view the Threshold as a territory that requires
their protection and will aid in the preservation of the
Threshold by any and all means available to them. This
power is similar to the Philodox Gift: King of the Beasts.

* Animal Summons — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The
Threshold has the power to summon animals to itself
via the manipulation of their primal natures. Animals
who respond to this summons are inclined towards the
defense and preservation of the Wyld, even if they
would not be so on a normal basis.

* Animate Self — (Cost: 1 Willpower) This
power allows a normally inanimate Threshold to be-
come animated. Most do so only for brief periods of
time, while others remain animate in an effort to keep
mobile. An "ambulatory" Threshold becomes so in
order to preserve itself from the onslaught of the
Weaver and Wyrm, an assault that it might be unable
to resist were it to remain stationary.

* Aura of Discord — The Threshold radiates a

spooky, disconcerting air of chaos and uncertainty to all

within its presence, including shapeshifters. The Thresh-
old makesa resisted Charisma + Empathy roll versus each
affected individual's Willpower; victims who fail are
unable to remain in the immediate area of the Threshold
for longer than one scene. Most Thresholds that possess
this ability tend to radiate this aura at all times.

* Awaken Wyldling — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The
Threshold has the power to awaken Wyldling Spirits.
Its effects are the same as the Rite of Spirit Awakening
with the exception that it is exclusive to Wyldlings
and takes only one turn to use.

* Bellow of the Wyld — (Cost: | Gnosis) The
Threshold has the power to summon Wyldlings of
varying degrees of power to itself as a provision for its
defense. Vortices, gorgons, or even a group of Wyld-
leaning Garou or Fera may be summoned by the use of
this power. The actual result of the summons is based
solely on the Storyteller's discretion.

* Command the Earth — The Threshold can
cause the very earth to move as it commands. This
power may be used to form sinkholes, mudslides, tec-
tonic tremors and other land-based phenomenon. The
cost varies by the region affected; the broader the area,
the higher the cost. A sudden earthquake would cost
2 Gnosis while a sinkhole would cost only 1 Gnosis.

* Curse of Babel — The Threshold can interrupt
all ability for any and all living things to communicate
with one another. Speech becomes incomprehensible
gibberish, a wolf's howl becomes distorted and ineffec-
tual. Confusion, disorientation, frustration and fear
are the end result when communication breaks down
for the creatures within the Threshold who possess the
ability to do so.

* Curse of Gaia — (Cost: 4 Gnosis) The Thresh-
old is capable of working a permanent change on a
person or object, a change so dramatic it may be
directly antithetical to the natural order. Although
the change is not in itself malevolent, it may be
considered a "curse" —the Wyld-energies that sustain
the curse are so unstable that something will eventu-
ally go wrong. A Threshold with this power might
bring a corpse back to a semblance of life — life as a
gorgon, devoted to the Wyld's cause rather than any
ties to the deceased's family or friends. Or it might offer
perpetual youth and beauty —by transforming intrud-
ers into stone statues that never erode. This power is
typically used to ward off intruders, or to turn them
into servants. The exact nature of the curse is subject
to the Storyteller's discretion.

* Discorporate — (Cost: 3 Gnosis) The Thresh-
old may make a directed attack against a single target,
unleashing raw bands of chaos onto a target's form,
challenging the laws of nature (whether those laws be

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World 53

Re, ne ON


physical or spiritual) which govern the target's exist-
ence. The resultant damage is three health levels of
non-soakable aggravated damage per attack.

¢ Enchanting Voice — The Threshold is able to
produce some sort of noise, whether a murmuring of
the wind in branches or a chorus of animal calls,
entrancing any that listen. If the Threshold succeeds
at a Manipulation + Expression roll (difficulty of the
listeners' Willpower), any listeners must stand en-
tranced until the Threshold finishes its song or until
they are roused violently. Some Thresholds have been
known to use this power to defend themselves by
hypnotizing intruders and holding them in thrall until
they dehydrate or starve.

* Gnosis Drain — The Threshold may drain the
Gnosis from any vessel to feed itself, including (but not
limited to) caerns, Changing Breeds, talensand fetishes.
Inorder to do so, the Threshold makes a resisted Gnosis
roll against the target. If the Threshold succeeds, the
target loses one Gnosis point per success for the rest of
the scene. For every two points drained, the Threshold
gains a temporary Willpower point, but it loses any
points exceeding its maximum at the end of the scene.

* Heart Sense — (Cost: 1 Gnosis) The Threshold
can look into the soul of an individual and see which
member of the Triat, if any, holds the greatest sway
over him. With the addition of a Perception + Empa-
thy roll (difficulty 7), the Threshold can also see and
interpret the past lives of the individual (if any), any
guilt, any dreams, desires, covetousness or despair and
may recognize the true form of a being. Each success on
the roll increases the amount of information garnered
by the Threshold.

* Lord of the Land — The Threshold knows all
that transpires of interest to it within the immediate
area of itself. This could be as large as a three-mile
radius around the Threshold or limited only to the
Threshold proper.

* Migration — (Cost: Special) The Threshold
may temporarily infuse its energy and spiritual essence
into a living creature or creatures for the purposes of
travel from one location to another, causing no ad-
verse effects to the host(s) whatsoever. This power
costs the Threshold one Willpower point to initiate,
one point per day of travel, and one point to disembark
from its host(s). Birds, insects, fish and migratory
herbivores are the most common recipients of this
power. In the event that the Threshold attempts to use
Migration through beings of higher sentience (wolves,
humans) a contested Willpower roll is made at a
difficulty of 7. Failure means the Threshold remains in
its current location and costs it one permanent point
of Willpower.

54 Book of the Wyld

| ta tn iy 1 /

¢ Plant Animation — The Threshold is able to
animate the vegetation in its immediate surroundings
to varying effects. Tree limbs might club invaders
(with an effective Strength of 7), or vines and bushes
might entangle attackers (with the rough rules effects
of the Level Four Red Talon Gift: Quicksand).

© Reshape Object — Asthe Level Three homid Gift.

Silent Enigmas — The Threshold communi-
cates telepathically when necessary. Language is no
barrier tocommunication. Due to the nature of Thresh-
olds, however, its "conversation" may well be inter-
preted as nonsensical oraseries of riddles. With the use
of this power, the Threshold can understand all lan-
guages and can communicate, if it so chooses, with all
living creatures.

© Spirit Charms — Some Thresholds have the
ability to use certain spirit Charms, such as Possession,
Break Reality, etc. The Threshold may or may not
attract the spirits whose powers it possesses. Only
Thresholds who possess Umbral Passage can access
this power. The Threshold's Gnosis is used to power
the Charms it possesses.

© Spirit Drain — As the Level Four Theurge Gift.

* Strange Senses — The Threshold possesses
senses that cannot be described or in any way compre-
hended by humans or animals. These senses allow the
Threshold to sense things which others cannot, such
as emotions, invisible things, the Dark Umbra and the
astral plane.

¢ Summon Vortex — The Threshold may sum-
mon Vortices from the Deep Umbra to itself in times of
dire need. A single success is required on a Gnosis roll
(difficulty 8) to bring one of these alien m:
heralds of the Wyld's fury and unpredictability —
screeching from the depths of that which lies beyond the
Pattern Web to the defense of the Threshold which
summoned it. A Threshold may summon a number of
Vortices equal to its permanent Willpower rating.

¢ Surreal Presence — This power makes the
Threshold difficult for most living things to tolerate for
prolonged periods of time. A foreboding sense of
unreality or strangeness permeates the air of the Thresh-
old and everything within its boundaries. The
Threshold's physical landscape changes daily, albeit
subtly and those who find it once find it excessively
difficult to find it again. Most living things, including
shapeshifters, find the Threshold unnerving and, in
many ways, unfriendly and wrong.

* Umbral Passage — The Threshold can roll
Gnosis to pass the Gauntlet, just like a Garou stepping
sideways. Since a Threshold is a manifestation of
spiritual energy that asserts itself in the physical world,
it does not actually shift that which it has possessed


into the Umbra with it. Rather, the entirety of the
spiritual energy that isthe Threshold retreats back into
Flux from whence it came, leaving the land which it
inhabited in exactly the same state it existed before its
arrival. However in some special cases, or in times of
dire emergency when the Threshold is in grave danger,
itmay simply break itself intoa menagerie of Wyldling-
like spirits in its retreat to the Umbra.

¢ Wyldkin — All Thresholds, regardless of the
nature of their manifestation, possess the Wyldkin
power due to the fact that they area manifestation of the
Wyld in the physical world. Thresholds are capable of
creating elements and may possess a full arsenal of the
charms available to Wyldling spirits, including but not
limited too Break Reality. All Wyldling spirits regard
the Threshold as sacred and hallowed ground and
devote themselves to its protection even at grave cost to
their personal well-being. Thresholds also have the
ability to summon Lesser Wyldlings (Charisma + Ex-
pression, difficulty 7). One spirit is summoned per
success, and the Threshold may command a number of
Wyldlings equal to its Willpower rating.

Navsfetfatlon

So how does a Threshold come into being? What
determines it? What's the catalyst? The trigger? Be-
cause of the infrequent manifestations of Thresholds
as well as the inherent difficulty of studying them up
close and first hand, there are varying theories.

Perhaps the catalyst and the triggers are massive
destruction of creation and everything that holds a
spark of the Wyld's energy within it spontaneously
combusting under the fetid breath of the Wyrm. The
Wyrm's assault on the creations of the Wyld is geno-
cidal and cruel in virtually every aspect. When some-
thing dies because it has reached the limits of what it
is physically capable of based on the form and function
that the Weaver has assigned to it, we normally refer
to its death as one of natural causes. When the Wyrm
gets a chokehold on a creation of the Wyld, however,
the limitations applied to it by the Weaver be damned
— it will die horribly, painfully and in less dignity than
it deserves. Guaranteed. If the creation is corrupted
and warped by the Wyrm, then it becomes a shadow of
its former self. The corrupted creation is a mockery of
its own limitations and designs, the pawn of future
destruction of that from whence it came, in service to
the universal force of destruction. It makes perfect
sense that the universal force of possibility and cre-
ation, the force of life itself, would have an incompre-
hensible survival instinct. That force would seek to
replace that which it lost in order to perpetuate not
only itself, but also the whole of that which it has
created and the macrocosm that it fuels.

Perhaps the catalyst and the triggers are massive
calcification and brutal subjugation at the busy hands
of the Weaver. The Weaver's seemingly anal-reten-
tive approach to enforcing an order of complete stasis
upon the entirety of Gaia is coming to a head. The
Weaver's influence is everywhere throughout cre-
ation. Humanity has subconsciously seen to it that
they are never too far away from the Weaver that she
cannot hear their cries when the defenders of Gaia and
the unbridled forces of the Wyld come for them. With
the lacerations it receives from the insane and en-
trapped Wyrm to contend with on top of its constant
efforts to hold off the increasingly complicated and
intricate strands of the Pattern Web, the Wyld flails
and swats at the Gauntlet from the Umbra in the realm
known as Flux. When it can get through, it spouts like
steam from a geyser in some cases, or like magma from
a volcano in others. The intensity of the Wyld's focus
when creating a Threshold in the physical world
therefore would greatly depend on the overall amount
of stress that the Wyld was feeling at any particular
time, or how much importance the Wyld placed on the
formation of a particular Threshold.

Perhaps the truth of the matteris that it's both of the
aforementioned reasons and a number of reasons that
neither Garou nor human can possibly comprehend in
their completeness. One thing, however, is certain; as
unfathomable as it might seem, the Wyld can be de-
stroyed, and if this happens, so too will Gaia be de-
stroyed. For as much as the Wyld is a force at work for
and within Gaia, Gaia cannot live without the Wyld.

If the Wyrm completely destroys the entirety of
creation, there will be nothing but stillness. If the
Wyrm succeeds in destroying every last spark of Wyld
energy within Gaia, there will be no more renewal, no
more birth, no more possibility, no more hope.

No more anything.

The only word cold enough to describe what the
result of the death of the Wyld would be is oblivion.

Ifthe Weaver eliminates the Wyld's ability to mani-
fest its energy within the Tellurian, then Gaia's physical
side will surely die. Since the spirit cannot live without
the body where Gaia is concerned, again, this spells the
end of Gaia and the beginning of the Apocalypse.

The following examples are offered only as a
guideline or rather,,a fundamental outline you might
wish to follow when creating Thresholds for your own
World of Darknes

Jour Butta Crompgt

Threshold Type: Animate Land (Burial Grounds)
Physical: Not Applicable
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World 55


Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4 (Alien), Wits 5
Talents
Skills: S

Knowledge

: None

irvival 7

inigmas 7, Triatic Lore 3, Gaian Lore 3
Powers: Curse of Gaia (Animate the Dead), Com-
mand the Earth, Lord of the Land, Plant Animation,
Spirit Sense, Strange Senses, Surreal Presence, Wyldkin

Rage 8, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10

Image: The Sour Burial Grounds keeps to itself
and seldom stirs from its sleep. It is, however, disturbed
from time to time by both human and Garou intruders.
Located behind a massive acreage of dead or near-
dying cypress trees and thick, thorny underbrush, the
Sour Burial Grounds reside atop what appears to be a
dais constructed of river-smoothed and intricately
stacked obsidian and granite stones. Atthe top, amongst
the gravestones of the burial mounds, the air isstill and
it is said that you can hear your own heartbeat echo
clockwise ftom mound to mound if you stand in the
center of the dais and face the full moon. The ground
is hard-weathered and cracked earth. No grave deeper
than afoot or so could be dug at the top of the dais now;
sparks fly from the ground whenever any attempt is
made to pierce it.

Roleplaying Hints: The Sour Burial Grounds are
forbidden to intruders, and the only time they will stir is

to protect themselves from outsiders who might bring
other outsiders with them. The burial grounds are a
collection depot for Wyld-energies that somehow reso-
nate strangely with the energies of death. Lesser Wyldlings
flitterand spark in the Umbra around the Burial Grounds
in and out of the dais, dropping off energy which is
collected and processed back into the Wyld.

History: The Sour Burial Grounds became a
Threshold for the Wyld when an entire tribe of Native
Americans were massacred here by US Cavalry while
performing funeral rites and dedicating their fallen
back to the earth from whence they came. The tears
shed by the tribe's spirits over their cold and rotting
bodies lowered the already low Gauntlet in the area to
virtually non-existent, and the burial grounds have
served as a supernatural memorial to renewal through
destruction ever since. Visitors to the area of the
Threshold are few and far between, but they do come.
When they do, it is normally to investigate the legend
of the burial grounds that states that

those who are buried in the shallow
and hard-packed earth around
the dais can be brought back
from the dead

The Burial Groundsare
generally regarded asa place of


sinister and malignant spiritual energy by the Garou
who know of it, and as a place of evil where the dead
can be made to walk by human beings who have heard
the legends of the place.

The Pourtate of Yoush

Threshold Type: Wyld Fount (Artesian Wellspring)
Physical: Not Applicable

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4 (Alien), Wits 5
Talents: None

Skills: Survival 7

Knowledges: Enigmas 5, Triatic Lore 3, Gaian Lore 4
Powers: Curse of Gaia (Transformation), Lord of the
Land, Mask Presence, Plant Animation, Heart Sense,
SilentSpeech, Spirit Sense, Surreal Presence, Wyldkin
Rage 8, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10

Image: Sought by the Spanish explorer and Con-
quistador, Don Juan Ponce de Leon, until the day of
his death, the legendary Fountain of Youth has bubbled
in a secluded clearing in the northeastern quarter of
the Florida Everglades since before even the Florida
Mokolé can remember. Encircled by a perfect circle
of six-inch diameter bamboo that reaches high up
into the canopy of the clearing, the bubbling spout of
the Fountain of Youth sputters and gurgles a stream of
crystal clear water which seems to glimmer in both
sunlight and darkness alike. Although human or
Garou eyes seldom see it, the unnatural beauty of the
place entrances the occasional visitor and the paradi-
siacal panorama provided by the fountain and its
wetland oasis surroundings. However, the visitor is
eventually unnerved by the strange, surreal vibra-
tions of the place and its fauna and compelled to
return whence they came.

Roleplaying Hints: The Fountain of Youth is a
Wyld Fount. As such, the water which is produced by
the fountain is literally saturated with Gnosis and raw,
Wyld energies. From this fount, the Florida Everglades
draw a very large portion of their spiritual as well as
physical energy, and the clearing in which the foun-
tain is situated is absolutely rife with Wyld spirits and
animate plants. In the Umbra, the Fountain of Youth
isawell-protected and maintained birthplace for myriad
Water and Plant Naturae.

The legends surrounding the Fountain of Youth
that was de Leon's life's obsession are true... ina sense.
Intruders into the clearing in which the Fountain of
Youth is located find the fountain surrounded by
extremely large, extremely sturdy chutes of massive
bamboo. The only way the water that flows from the
fountain can be collected from the fountain itself is
through this perfect circle of bamboo that acts as a

barrier to protect it from outside molestation. The only
way that characters will find into the perfect circle is
by cutting through the bamboo barrier, and if they
decide to do so, they will release the Wyldlings that
live within the chutes. Characters who drink from the
water of the Fountain of Youth without first obtaining
proper permission from its spirit guardians will be
transformed into plants by the spirit guardians and the
Fountain itself. The fantastically beautiful flora of the
swamp clearing which harbors the fountain are the
recipients of the fountain's promise of immortality as
well as uninvited guests who dared defy the look but
don't touch restrictions of the Threshold.

The Lymphony of Frege

Threshold Type: Dynamic Anomaly (Occurrence)
Physical: Not Applicable
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4 (Alien), Wits 3
Talents: Expression 4
Skills: Animal Ken 5
Knowledges: Enigmas 7, Triatic Lore 3, Gaian Lore 4,
Rituals 5
Powers: Animal Kinship, Animal Summons, Aura of
Tranquility, Enchanting Voice, Mask Presence, Sur-
real Presence, Curse of Babel, Wyldkin
Rage 0, Gnosis 10, Willpower 10

Image: The Symphony of Frogs is a dynamic
anomaly among Wyld Thresholds, which means that
it can happen at any place of low Gauntlet at any
given time without warning if the Wyld chooses to
manifest its power in this manner. The Symphony is
thought, by those who have experienced it, to be a
vanguard or trumpeting of the Wyld to all living
creatures within hearing distance of the songs played
through the croaking and chirping of frogs. It is said
that the closer to the central formation or manifesta-
tion of the Threshold that one travels, the music of
the frogs becomes not only louder, but also compre-
hensible. Many Garou legends regarding Wyld
Thresholds and Abscesses begin with tales of the
deafening Symphony of Frogs, which went on for
nights before the nameless ones came....

Roleplaying Hints: The Symphony of Frogs is the
harbinger of the Wyld and herald of its manifestation
in the Tellurian. The Symphony is nothing more than
a massive amphibian cacophony of singing frogs who
have been invested with the breath of the Wyld and
who can, through their singing, convey messages from
the Wyld to any living creature within earshot of the
music. Many theorize that this song of the night is the
Wyld's warning, while others heed it as a blessing and
welcome it among the Garou and Changing Breeds.

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World 57

RE. SE Se ED EE A EE,

|

\

The Symphony can be used as an excellent means of
communicating the will of the Wyld or those that
serve the Wyld to players. A variation on this Thresh-
old would be the Dance of the Rattle; where desert or
dryer mountain climates may be the setting for the
story or chronicle, substitute rattlesnakes for frogs.
The movie Natural Born Killers by Oliver Stone has an
exceptional scene involving the two main characters
surrounded by striking rattlesnakes in the desert after
they've accidentally killed a local shaman, and isa great
visual reference for the Dance of the Rattle.

[Note: In the World of Darkness and in the real
world, frogs are in serious trouble, as their habitats are
gobbled up to provide scenic housing or their prey
insects are destroyed to make life more convenient for
local humans. Storytellers planning to use the Sym-
phony of Frogs might be well-advised to casually point
this out to the players in advance. When the charac-
ters start hearing chorus of frogs in a place where frogs
are no longer so numerous, they're sure to be unnerved
—as they should be.]

Abowsat

Caerns are, by design, areas of exceptionally low
Gauntlet. This being the case, there is always the
chance that the Wyld may seek to use a caern as a
Threshold. The Black Spiral Dancers' term for this
occurrence, which has cost them more than one Hive
throughout the centuries since their inception, is an
Abscess. It has been thought, by and large, that the
formation of an Abscess was Gaia's weapon against the
fallen tribe. It's easy to see how the Dancers mightsee an
Abscess' formation as a massive attack of sorts from the
Umbra, meant to bring a Hive solidly to its knees in
vengeance for its very existence. However, as more
recent events have proven, the Black Spiral Dancersare
not the only tribe whose caerns are susceptible to Wyld
incursion and assimilation. As Apocalypse approaches,
areas of low Gauntlet become rarer and rarer. Only a
small percentage of the earth exists outside the Pattern
Web. Being opportunistic in its will to survive in the
physical world, the Wyld takes what it can get when it
can get it from whom it can take it — including the
twelve tribes of the Garou Nation.

When an Abscess forms within a caer, the chaos
and possibility that make the Wyld what it is begins to
alter the caern as a whole. Totems may cease to. com-
mune with the caern's inhabitants due to spiritual
interference from the Wyld presence; friendly spirits
may become less frequent in or around the caern, or may
disappear from the caern altogether. Even the physical
geography of the caern might subtly shift over time.
Eventually, ifan Abscess goes untreated or if itsucceeds
in assimilating the caern for its own purposes, in a

58 Book of the Wyld

[POLE PT ET, anon ee,

manner hostile to the caern's totem spirits, the caern
will completely and effectively close and become a
strange and alien place even to those who opened it.
Two caerns were noted to do this very thing during the
1800s, when the American West was wracked by the
troubles of the Storm Umbra; only now has the actual
process of a forming Abscess been cited as the source.

Unlike Gaia or Gaian spirits, the Wyld does not
play favorites, nor does it discriminate. The Wyld — if
it could be said to have thoughts or feelings at all —
seems to treat and value all places of low Gauntlet in
the world with the same enthusiasm. The most corrupt
and tainted Hive can be used as easily as any Gaian
caern where the purposes and motives of those that
serve and are empowered with the Wyld are con-
cerned. And once an Abscess has manifested within a
caern or a Hive, there are very few options available to
the incumbent inhabitants.

* Co-existence: The most beneficial option avail-
able to a caern suffering from a possible Abscess is
peaceful coexistence and mutual symbiosis for the
purposes of preservation with the minions of the Wyld
that work to assist in the manifestation of the would-
be Threshold. If a caern's inhabitants are willing to
share the bawn of their caern with the unknown and
intangible and are willing to make what peace they can
with the spirits that serve the Wyld, then bargains may
be struck and borders and boundaries established soon
after. This can assist the caern as well as the sovereign
Threshold and their respective inhabitants in both
defense and guaranteed preservation. The Caern of

Srorypeblers Note

The formation of an Abscess within a Garou
caern is an exceptional tool to use in the event
that you are running a chronicle where the pack
has grown far too reliant on their caern for support
and have started to take the boons offered by
association with a caern for granted or become
complacent in their duties to their caern. On the
other hand, it's also a great tool to center a
chronicle. A group of Garou would receive both
tremendous renown as well as higher status within
werewolf society if they were to ally themselves
with a sept that needed their assistance in cleans-
ing an Abscess from their caern. Alternatively,
they might gain even more renown and strength
were they tosucceed where another sept failed and
was destroyed by the formation of an Abscess
within or around a caern. Keep in mind, however,
that while a Threshold is rare, an Abscess is
virtually unheard of.


Miria, protected by the Black Furies, is an excellent
example of the co-existence of a Garou caern and a
Wyld Threshold — of course, Miria was a caern of the
Wyld before the actual Threshold began to manifest
itself. Caerns dedicated to other ideals might have a
worse time of it, as the caern totem is displaced and the
local spirit landscape thrown into disarray, perhaps
never to return to normal.

* Abscission: Inoculation or severing of the Ab-
scess is another option, albeit a violent and normally
excessively costly option. While the Wyld can mani-
fest itself in an effective manner in the Realm given
the opportunity, the process is normally slow and
consistent rather than direct and alarming. In its
initial stages of manifestation, the vanguard of Wyld-
spirits and other minions who would seek to aid the
Abscess' creation are, while not helpless or by any
means weak, few in number. Spirits allied with the
inhabitants of a caern, along with the caern's totem
spirits and the caern inhabitants and protectors them-
selves, can normally mount an extremely effective
force before the Abscess can make an attempt at the
absorption of a caern. This option, however, never
comes without severe risk to those seeking to confront
the Wyld's forces toe-to-toe.

* Avoidance: Many respected Garou Theurges
that have studied the fairly recent phenomenon of the
formation of Abscesses agree that the best protection
against spiritual and physical absorption by Wyld forces
isby practicing spiritual solidarity within acaern. Aware-
ness and communion with a caern's spiritual inhabit-
ants can make more than a healthy, happy home for the
Garou who protect and serve it, it can also promote
safety against assault from the Wyld forces seeking to use
the Caern as a foundation for a Threshold.

While many Garou concede that the phenom-
enon of Threshold manifestation in the world is
absolutely necessary in order for the continued sur-
vival of Gaia, they also agree — unanimously — that
Thresholds cannot be allowed to form at the expense
of Gaia's most sacred of places. The list of enemies the
average Garou caern can possess at any given time
grows daily, and the Wyld is far too potent an enemy
toadd to that roster. Communication and fellowship
with a caern's spiritual inhabitants can create some-
what of an early warning web for the caern in both the
Realm as well as the Umbra.

Garou of a caern who maintain constant corre-
spondence with their spirit allies as well as the myriad
servants of their totems not only strengthen the caern
asa whole and overall, but they can also see the fluidity
of the Wyld churning towards them well in advance of
the formation of an Abscess.

Rte of Abeckwlon

Level One

This rite is very, very new; only in recent years
have the Garou learned enough about Abscesses to be
able to find a defense against their formation. Afford-
ing the caern the spiritual fortification it will need to
defend itself, this rite is not only dangerous to the
ritemaster, but to the caern asa whole if not performed
properly and to exact detail. Ideally, the master of this
rite should be the same person that opened the caern
in the first place. If this is impossible, the ritemaster
must call out to the spirit of the werewolf who opened
the caern and ask for strength and wisdom, offering up
a gift of some sort or another in trade. Normally a
chalice containing a small amount of blood from each
member of the caern's Garou inhabitants is a worthy
sacrifice, although the carcass of a Wyrm-minion,
collection of talens or a greater fetish may also suffice
depending on the nature of the caern's spirit.

After the sacrifice is made (if necessary), the
ritemaster must walk from the heart of the caern to the
westernmost border of the caern's bawn at sunset and
back again while the moon of her auspice is in apogee.
This walk is performed while reciting the litany of
every werewolf who has died in the defense of the
caern since its opening. When the ritemaster returns
to the heart of the caern, she must call out to the
caern's spirit, re-affirming her sept's dedication to the
caern in her solicitation for strength.

System: In order to initiate the abscission of a
caern, a character engages is a resisted, extended roll
of Perception + Rituals (Difficulty 7). The number of
successes needed equals 10 minus the caern's level.

The character is opposed by the mounting inten-
sity of the forces of the Wyld that seek to manifest
within the caer in an effort to create a Threshold.
The dice pool of the would-be Threshold is the level
of the caern. The difficulty of the would-be Threshold
is the character's Gnosis score, while the number of
successes needed by the Threshold equals the
character's Willpower. The first one to garner the
necessary successes wins.

Ifthe character wins the contest, the caern's spirit
has heard her call and marshals its spiritual as well as
physical forces and allies in defense of the caern. The
results of this call to battle are left to Storyteller
discretion. If the character loses the contest, however,
the opposite effect occurs; the Wyld's forces rally to
attack the caemn's inhabitants and the Abscess begins
to manifest completely throughout the caern; assimi-
lating, draining and destroying all that seek to impede
its progress.

Chapter Two: The Great Wyld World 59


Syorn Caper

"There are no happy endings.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicom

There isa very good reason that songs sung of Thresholds
and Abscesses are so few and far between — the Storm Eater.

A particularly dangerous byproduct of the formation of
an Abscess or the manifestation of a Threshold is the
attention it attracts. If the Wyrm and Weaver were not bad
enough, the legendary Storm Eater developed quite an appetite
for Thresholds countless millennia ago when it first manifested Zia'
itself in what were once known as the Pure Lands. Garou have not
sung tales of the Storm Eater since sometime around the late 1800s

partly out of shame, but also for fear chat naming the spirit might
awaken it once again. In ages before the first European Garou set foot
in what is now the continent of North America, the Uktena, Croatan
and Wendigo created a great net with the energy of their caerns to trap the
Storm Eater. While the trap succeeded for a time, the loss of the Croatan
tribe to the Eater-of-Souls and the subsequent fall of dozens of caerns freed
the ravenous Storm Eater once again. The tightening intricacy of the
Weaver's Pattern Web, the Wyrm's incessant corruption and defilement of
the land and people and the loss of more caerns every year to the Black Spiral
Dancers whittle away at the Wyld's presence in the Realm and at Gaia. The
past hundred years and the dawn of a new millennium have done
nothing but intensify the hunger pangs of the Storm Eater as well as
the ferocity with which it seeks to sate its appetite A

Many Garou believe that the Storm Eater was once a mighty ~e
Bane that devoured a great avatar of the Weaver, pethaps a Stasis
Vector Geomid or the like, and that in doing so added the strength
of the Weaver to itself. Others
believe that the Storm Eater
isachampion ofthe Eater-

ouls, gathering as
muchas itcanasfast asit

can in an effort to revive

its master for another direct
assault on Gaia. Others fear
that the Storm Eater is a
more ancient force, a long-
forgotten enemy of Gaiafrom
the First Times. A spirit, per-
haps. An aspect of

Gaia's rage that

was driven in-

sane by

the


unfathomable fury and pain of its birth and ran scream-
ing into the darkest corners of creation that it could
find, devouring all that stood in its path.

Whatever the Storm Eater is, one thing is certain:
nothing escapes it.

Pattern Spiders splinter and shatter before it.
Banes howl and dissolve into oily, black sludge in the
gale of its breath. Wyldlings, often regarded as the
mightiest of spirits, bend and break like matchsticks as
their essences are sucked into the swirling fury of the
Storm Eater, their strength nothing more than fuel for
its frenzy.

Thresholds are a special delicacy for the Storm
Eater, and given its hatred and propensity for ven-
geance where the Garou are concerned, Abscesses are
even better.

Hiisfory

To attempt to assign a date to the Storm Eater's
birth is nigh impossible. It is believed that the Storm
Eater existed in the Pure Lands before the arrival of
the three native Tribes of Garou from across the
Bering Strait. Where the Storm Eater came from is of
secondary concern to the Feranext to the destruction
that follows in its wake. For millennia, all that the
Garou knew for a fact about the Storm Eater was that
to challenge it or to confront it directly was a folly
which ended in destruction, regardless of the nobility
of intent when doing so. However, while the Storm
Eater could not feasibly or easily be destroyed, it could
be stopped, or at least, delayed. On December 28,
1890 thirteen separate septs of the Western
Concordiat united to perform the Rite of the Still
Skies; a powerful rite of binding created and taught to
the Two Moons Pack (who in turn taught it to the
Garou) by an unknown Incarna. The rite is a success.
A victory is won for the Garou, but a Pyrrhic one at
best. In order for the Rite of the Still Skies to work its
magic on the Storm Eater, thirteen of the mightiest
champions of the Garou— one from each of the then
13 tribes— were called to make the ultimate sacrifice
in order to power the rite. Nonetheless, the rite and

the sacrifice of some of the mightiest Garou heroes oft

their era imprisoned the Storm Eater miles below the
surface of the earth.

That was then. Times are changing.

Tho Present

While imprisoned, in anguish, kept warm only by
its hatred, the Storm Eater was far from destroyed. One
hundred and eleven years later, the skies have changed.
The stars are no longer in conjunction.

In 1999 the "Eye of the Wyrm" appeared for the
first time in the Umbra. A flickering, sickly red star,
which was foretold in obscure prophecies, has loos-
ened the bonds which still hold the Storm Eater
imprisoned within the cavernous, magma-forged laby-
tinth of Gaia's underbelly and all but negated the
Rite of the Still Skies. Vastly less powerful than it has
been in the past, the current incarnation of the Storm
Eater is still formidable even by the standards of the
heartiest septs. It has splintered off small portions of
itself that actively seek out pockets of Wyld energies
to devour. These pseudo-avatars drink all the Wyld
power they can, then rush it back to the main body to
feed the Eater itself. Unless the Garou are able to
check this process, it's only a matter of time before
the Storm Eater breaks free for a second — and
perhaps final — time.

Again the Garou will be forced to make all but
impossible choices regarding their caerns, the Wyld,
and the threat of that which has returned.

Again it begins.

Thresholds and Abscesses are the Storm Eater's
meat and drink. Garou caerns that coexist with the
forces of the Wyld within their caerns effectively flag
their bawns as potential targets for the Storm Eater.
Garou who seek remedy for their caern's dilemma
through the Rite of Abscission effectively reduce the
Wyld energies that desperately attempt to manifest
themselves in the world and hence, weaken Gaia and
strengthen the Wyrm and Weaver. All the while the
Storm Eater is getting stronger.

If — or when — it breaks free, it will be nothing
less than Apocalypse.



No moon shone down in the night. The stars themselves
hid behind rumbling clouds. The two werewolves padded
over the rocky plains, one slightly behind the other. The lead
wolf hid a limp that the trailing wolf pointedly ignored.

The trailing wolf spoke in the language of Garou as
they approached the foot of the mountain. "I don' tlike this,
Grandmother. Nota bit. Itfeels wrong. Never mindall the
stuff' ve heard about.... them. I'dfeelalot better armed..."
She continued under her breath, "A tank'd be nice."

The leading wolf slowed her pace. "Child, when you
get to be my age, which I sometimes doubt will happen, you
will realize that things are both more simple and more
complicated than we wish it. Like it. Don't like it. I don't
care. You shouldn't care. This is a duty that must be done,
and one that you will come to do once I have passed into the
Goddess' arms."

"I hate it when you talk like that. You're not
gonna die—"

The leading wolf interrupted, "And I see you have also
talked to the Fates about this. Please, ask them when my
other grandchildren are going to call. It's not as if I don't
have a telephone. I even have e-mail. I taught your father
better than that, you know. He calls."

"Grandmother..."

"Quiet now, we're almost to the cave mouth." At the
base of the mountain was acave, large and foreboding, even
to the two bold Garou. The elder Garou stopped with her
granddaughter still a step behind her. The wolf stood up on
two legs, becoming a graceful old woman. Her hair was a
gray as her wolf's coat, but she stood up straight and her
dark blue eyes glittered in the starlight. A heartbeat later
another woman stood up, one step behind. Her eyes
glittered as well, though she looked from side to side,
checking their surroundings

"This is an old place, a place of the Wyld. A place to
be held sacred by all of Gaia's chosen. What have we to fear
on this hallowed ground?" asked the elder

"Was that a rhetorical question or do you want the
full list?"

"And what do you fear, little one?" boomed a deep
voice from inside the cave

The younger Garou started at the clamor. Fur started
to ripple across her skin

"Hold, granddaughter. Calm your rage. She is the one
we have come to meet."

The young woman shook herself and the change re-
versed itself. A nudge from her grandmother prompted her
to say, "Sorry."

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 63

eee eee ee


"Noapologies were necessary, lastheirof the Hesperides.
We must all be careful these dark days. The Eye of the
Dissolver is open. These are dangerous times. Where once
Ladon was attended by packs of Children of Pegasus, now
thereare the two of you." As the voice spoke, a dragon —for
there could be no other word to describe it —lumbered from
the cave. It towered above the two women. The dragon
shifted forward on four legs. It eraned its long neck up, and
looked about. Then it looked down on the two werewolves.
"Care isno crime as longas it does not dissolve into fear." She
paused and the dragon' s body shrank, collapsing down into
that ofawoman, juston the verge of middle age . Her skin was
two shades lighter than midnight but her eyes shone with the
dragon's fire. In her hand she held a golden apple. "This
night, Iam Ladon, guardian of the sacred tree. I remember
the songs yousangtome, remember the dances. [remember
the Wyld for it is in me."

The older woman produced a knife from her cloak.
"This night, I am Medusa. I carry the songs of old in my
heart. My feet know the old dances. I revere the Wyld for
it is in me." She handed the knife to the dark woman, who
cut the apple in half. The woman calling herself Medusa
accepted her half, divided her half again, and the three ate
under the stars.

The three sat on the rocky ground, the young woman
helping her elder to sit. "This night, I bring Redsong, the
flesh of my flesh to our gathering, so that she may sit in my
place in the years to come."

"Lrecognize your flesh. I will remember her in times to
come, from now until this world ends." A beat passed, and
the dark woman smiled. "Now tell me how brightly the
Wyld burns in the world."

Medusa replied, "The gorgons have not only returned,
but their numbers grow with every day. In the chaos of the
past year, their return has gone unnoticed, for now."

"Wonderful," said Ladon. "This could not be
better news."

The young Garou interjected, "We've seen what we
believe is some new kind of gorgon. A human, imbued with
powers we haven't seen. They mostly hunt the bloodsuck-
ers, but some of them hunt Garou too. They appeared soon
after the red star appeared in the Umbral sky."

"No, the Wyld would never choose a human for its
blessings. The Wyrm and Weaver have corrupted humans
too much. These humans are something else. They are the
return of an old power, but they are no gorgon." Ladon drew
herself up and spoke with a teacher's voice. "The Wyld
chooses gorgons among the untainted spirits. The plants and
the animals, the earth, wind and water. They are chosen for
the blessings of the Wyld. They are the true gorgons. The
humans paid your varna an unexpected compliment when
they mistakenly called the first of your kind ‘gorgons' after the
name you gave to the chosen of the Wyld."

64 Book of the Wyld

[POE Le Ps ET Li ET I, nines: </ -

"Let's begin, Ladon. These old bones are not made for
sitting all night on rocky ground."

Neate

Medusa cleared her throat and began.

"In the land called America, in a province called
Oklahoma, the humans breed dogs for pets. Rather than
finding animals that need homes they go to a shopping mall
and purchase them, as if they were just a pair of pants or a
bauble to put on their mantels. Pet store animals are mass-
produced by a "puppy mill." The humans who breed these
dogs keep them in conditions one would not wish upon a
dishonorable enemy. A hunting dog, bred to range in the
woods for prey lives in a dirty cage, five paces square. An
animal bred for human companionship remains alone, fed
by a machine on a timer. The animals receive no medical
care. The owners take pups from their mothers and force the
females to breed, again and again.

"One springnight, in cage number 216, amale Weima-
raner wept. They are beautiful dogs, loving, kind and gentle.
He would have made some human family happy, perhaps
even connecting them with Gaia' s love. But his food machine
stopped working days before. He had eaten his own refuse in
a vain attempt at sustenance, but eventually, he collapsed
from starvation. The howls of hundreds of animals in pain
drowned out one pathetic death cry.

"But the Wyld heard his prayer. Life flowed back into his
veins. His sores closed up, but were not forgotten. He was
bigger, stronger, faster than he had ever been before. More
powerful than any of his breed ever have been or ever will be
He heard the call, and understood the price he must pay

"The newspapers called it an act of animal rights
activists. The local sept assumed it was a Bone Gnawer
pack, looking out for their mongrel Kin. The Bone Gnaw-
ers didn't know what caused it, but they soon took up the
example set to them. Soon, other puppy mills faced the
rough justice of the Garou, before our common foes started
setting traps at the mills, But many dogs are free, and many
children, Kin and otherwise, have new companions to teach
them of the Wyld, and how to care for it.

"But the abuse goes on, and we cannot save them all.
If the Wyld could wave its hands —not that it has hands —

Real Work Nope

Puppy mills are not some sick creation of the
World of Darkness. They are real horrors that
should be stopped. Don't buy pets from pet stores,

or from breeders that don't go out of their way to
prove that they take responsible care of their
animals. Go to the local SPCA and adopt a pet, or
contact a local animal rescue organization. For
more information, check out http://www.peta.com.


and save every creature in need, the world would not be in
such pain. It is up to us."

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6, Per-
ception 4 (Tracking), Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Primal-Urge 4, Survival 4

Rage: 6; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -
Incapacitated

Attacks: Strength +3 Bite, Strength +2 Claw (lethal
damage)

Powers: Open Seal (as the Ragabash Gift, only for
getting to the animal's abusers), Regeneration, Sense
of the Prey (as the Ragabash Gift, again, only for
getting to the abusers)

-2, -2, -2, -2, -5,

Image: The animal chosen as.a Nemesis looks as it
did before, butall of its wounds are healed. There is one
important difference in appearance. No tame animal
ever possessed the wild eyes of a Nemesis. A pampered
house pet has the eyes of a vicious predator.

Background: Nemeses are supercharged animals,
picked by Wyld-spirits because of their maltreatment
at the hands of man, whom the spirits perceive to be
agents of the Wyrm and Weaver. The Wyld's power
fills them up, healing their wounds and bestowing
upon them the power to take revenge upon their
abusers. They hunt down their abusers and tear them
toshreds. Unable to live for long away from the Wyld,
the gorgon leaves the area, unerringly headed for the
nearest Threshold where it returns to the Umbra,
taking the animal with it.

Storytelling Notes: A Nemesis spirit can possess
any animal, though the above stats are for a typical
abused household pet. There have been Nemesis dogs,
cats, birds, as well as more exotic species such as lab
rats, circus elephants or British foxhunt foxes. Garou
might take the appearance of a Nemesis asa pointer to
investigation. While animal rescue may not be as
"sexy" as ripping the legs off a Nexus Crawler, it is
worth Renown in its own right.

Ondergronth

Redsong waited for her grandmother to finish, then
cleared her throat.

"In Houston, Texas, people were building a new
subdivision. That's a bunch of houses outside the city,
allegedly safe from the dangers of the city. Anyway, they
really weren't counting on other dangers. A Glass Walker
pack was keeping an eye on the builders, because they
thought the company was a front for one of the Weyrm-
businesses. Something like building tainted houses as hous-
ingfor fomori or something like that. Anyway, they discov-

ered that someone else was monkeywrenching the site
Bulldozers broke down. Concrete slabs cracked. A work-
man went missing. That sort of thing. They didn't know
what was causing it until they stayed there overnight.
"The grass did it. Grew up into big, nasty looking stuff
overnight, did its business and retreated before sunrise.
Their Theurge got too close to the Undergrowth's central
root, and well, it mistook him for one of the workers.
"They call the Theurge ‘Stays-On-Concrete' now."
Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5, Per-
ceptions 3, Wits 1
Abilities: Alertness 5, Brawl 3, Primal-Urge 3, Stealth 3
Rage: 3; Gnosis: 5

Willpower: 5
Health Levels: Vine: OK, -1, -2, Incapacitated; Core
Body: OK, -1, 1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Vines Strength +1. The barbed vines grap)
atarget. If they successfully grapple the target, they will
then attempt to pull the target underground. This
requires three successes on an opposed Strength roll. If
the Undergrowth succeeds, the target is pulled under
and cannot breathe. (See Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse, page 188.)

Powers: Sense Wyrm (as the Metis Gift), Sense Weaver
(as the Glass Walker Gift).

Image: A normal patch of ground, until it strikes.
Then thick, ropy vines, complete with barbed thorns,
erupt out of the ground. The vines can reach anywhere
in a 20-yard radius from the core of the plant. If the
core is exposed, it resembles a large tulip bulb, about six
feet across.

Background: Undergrowth is a term for a Wyld-
enhanced plant. The core of the gorgon remains six to
ten feet underground. Small shoots, resembling local
grass and weeds, lurk on the surface, acting
organs. The shoots give the gorgon the ability to sense
light and movement. Through the shoots the gorgon
can perceive in 360 degrees for a distance of about 40
yards from the core. It also possesses eight to ten ropy
vines, which it uses to grab prey.

Storytelling Notes: Garou may find themselves
having to defend Undergrowth from attackers. While
itis certainly easy to teara construction crew limb from.
limb, preserving the Undergrowth and the Veil at the
same time may prove more difficult.

Oncegla

Medusa looked to her granddaughter approvingly
"Well spoken, Redsong. You will make a fine Medusa
yourself one day — though you may wish to use fewer
colloquialisms. English is not Ladon's native tongue

"In Alaska, the Wendigo have rediscovered the
Uncegila. The warming of the world's waters freed the

ense

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 65

Cl a EN


not regenerate dam-
age that stems from
any worked tools

[simple clubs
mare not

beast from its confinement in the icy
prison the Weaver had set for it centu-
ries ago. Its hunger has not abated
during its centuries of imprisonment.
Today it swims the cold waters of the

Raspberry Strait, hungry for prey. The | enough; the iG
Wendigo feed it, braving the rough seas ee material must be
LZ in kayaks. They have taken to captur- We forged or other-
ing whaling ships, killing the crew and \ | "wise manufac-
feeding them to the Uncegila: i lured!' sor
Attributes: Strength 10, Dexterity 2, | | Wyrm-corrupted entities),
Stamina 12, Perception 2, Intelli- | f | Swimming Speed of 26 knots
gence 1, Wits 1 | F . x Image: The Uncegila re-
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 5 (bite), aes MH semblesaPlesiosaur, which hada
Intimidation 6, Primal Urge 5, Sur- ‘ . 4 long neck and four paddle-
vival 2 ; s Sey?" shaped flippers. Unlike the
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, gg a : Plesiosaur, itisap-
OK seb elpelor!: i % proximately 50
22, 2, -4, -4, feet long and has
Incapacitated f sharp teeth.
Attacks: Bite for Str +2 Background: The
damage. Swal- Uncegila was once a
low attack: af- favored child ofthe
ter a success- Wyld. Through
ful bite, the the grace of the
Uncegila can Wylditsurvived
swallow its prey. d the destruction
The target has r J of the dinosaurs.
a ntuabee c aN However, as the
i influence of the
Weaver fell over
the Pure Lands, the
Uncegila fell
a ‘\ asleep. It re-
oe cently broke
~ free of its icy prison, and is
° hungry after its long sleep.
Storytelling Notes: The
\ Wendigo are not the only enti-
¢ Fe ties interested in the Uncegila.
b The Wendigo's attacks attracted
Beak } the attention of others. Agents of
DNA, on the lookout for
equal to
Pie he cryptozoological finds like
5 bef the Uncegila, now hunt the
Otamina fore
they begin to suf creature, aswell as the Wendigo j
whoprotectit. The DNA agents
focate. The con-

carry the latest weapons
asspecial Weaver-tech (se
of the Weaver, pp. 48-61). Those
interested in crossover chronicle
_-<~ hooks may wish to use Men in Black
from Mage: The Ascension, instead

aimed prey mustdo
at least 3 levels of aggra-
vated damage to escape.

Powers: Regeneration (1
Y health level every other turn to damage \.4\.
caused by natural attacks. The Uncegilacan-

66

of DNA. Lastly, the whole situation could be compli-
cated even further by agents of Project: Twilight (see
Project: Twilight)

Qyypego
Redsong continued, "The Uncegila is not the only
water gorgon returning. The Ogopogo, kin to Uktena,
swims the rivers of the world again. It's pretty pissed off
about how polluted the rivers are. Not that I blame it. It's
been yanking crewmembers off decks and send-
ing barges to the bottom, but that only makes the
». _ rivers more polluted."
( F ___ She paused and looked thoughfully,
Px "think thatitmightend up killing itself rrying
Ps to preserve its home."
Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 8, Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Abilities: Athletics (swimming) 4, Brawl 4, Primal
Urge 3
Rage: 5; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2,
Incapacitated
Attacks: Bite Strength +3; Poison: does 3 levels
aggravated damage if the bite succeeds; Swallow:
after a successful bite, the Ogopogo can swallow its
prey. The target has a number of turns equal to their
Stamina before they begin to suffocate. The con-
sumed prey must do at least 3 levels of aggravated
damage to escape.

-2, -5,

Powers: Regeneration (not from toxic damage)

Image: The Ogopogo resembles an enormous wa-
ter moccasin. It is 24 feet long and has the nasty
disposition of its natural cousin.

Background: The Ogopogo once swam the rivers
of the world. The Nagah once revered it as a symbol of
the Wani made manifest, a sign of the unity of river and
serpent. The current Ogopogo was once a normal
water moccasin that was transformed by a Wyld-spirit.

Storytelling Notes: The Ogopogo is a potent
gorgon, but it is in desperate danger. The river it lives
in (one conveniently located for individual chronicles)
is being polluted by various industries. It is unable to
pass by the outflow pipes, and cannot leave the water.
It has taken to attacking whatever river traffic passes
by. Unfortunately, this has only made its situation
worse. It must be moved to a less polluted river, or the
polluters must be made to clean up their acts. In this
case, the polluters are not some arm of Pentex or other
evil conspiracy. The polluters are normal human be-
ings who care more for their profit margins than they
do the water. Storytellers who feel they should add as
much chaos as possible should not forget that the
Nagah view the Ogopogo as sacred.

a

Chapter Three: Wyld Children

Centbrood

Medusa smiled. Her granddaughter, though much too
informal for such a gathering, was learning. The fear in her
eyes was gone. Someday, perhaps Gaia's Warriors and
Memory could come together to do more than fulfill a
compact forged centuries ago. In all her years, she had only
seen two Mokolé, both of them taking on the role of Ladon.
She doubted that she would ever look upon another Fera
This saddened her. Could the old wounds be forgiven?

"Apologies. This old head sometimes loses tack of
where it is. A traveling friend of mine saw a Crossbreed in
South Africa. It was made up of equal parts cheetah and
antelope. It was beautiful, he said, and ran faster than the
wind. Reports of others flow in as well."

Crossbreed: Cheetah/Antelope
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Athletics (running) 5, Brawl 4, Primal Urge 4
Rage: 4; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 4
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Claw (Strength +1), Bite (Strength +1),
Leaping Impale (Strength +3)

Powers: Speed Beyond Thought (as the Silent Strider Gift)

Image: The strength and speed of the cheetah,
merged with the size of the larger African antelopes. It
also has the horns of an antelope, which it can use in
combat as no antelope can.

Background: The antelope/cheetah currently
wanders the fields of Africa. It's looking for something,
though the Garou do not know what that purpose is
(nor do the Bastet). Should the Swara discover the
Crossbreed, they will likely strike it down, assuming it
is some sort of abomination.

Crossbreed: Rattlesnake/Falcon
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Per-
ception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Abilities: Athletics 4 (flight), Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Primal Urge 3, Stealth 5
Rage: 2; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Bite (Strength +1), Poison (3 levels aggra-
vated if the Bite succeeds)

Powers: Flight 20 yards/turn

Image: A rattlesnake with wings. It resembles a
small feathered serpent, though it has the plain
brown coloration of its two halves.

Crossbreed: Tiger / Wolf
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

67


|

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Primal Urge 3, Stealth 4

Rage: 4; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2, -2, -
Incapacitated

Attacks: Bite (Strength +2), Claw (Strength +3)
Powers: None

Image: The strength and power of the tiger, 4

with the cunning of the wolf. So far, only one Tiger/
Wolf has been seen, but a pack of such creatures
would be a true terror to behold.

Background: Many so-called experts assume that
Crossbreeds are the result of the same process that created
the Chimaera. Those experts are unaware of the true
source of the Chimaera as a creation of Pegasus to teach
the Black Furies a lesson (see Axis Mundi, page 78).
However, under rare circumstances, the Wyld encour-
ages two "genetically incompatible" animals to breed. No
matter what the combination of animals may be (oreven
the method the two species use to breed), the mating

breeds true with a single offspring, which grows
toadulthood ina matter of days. Crossbreeds act
as protectors of an area neglected by other
guardians of the Wyld. The birth of a Cross-
breed is seen as an ill omen that the Weaver or
Wyrm is coming.

Storytelling Notes: A werewolf pack could be
called in to investigate a Crossbreed's activities.
These gorgons generally appear fora reason, though

only a few rare Garou know enough of gorgons to
divine said reason. After slayinga "hideous monster," the
Garoumay find themselveshaving tofinish aCrossbreed's
task for it.

Ariens

Redsong looked to her grandmother. Her time is com-
ing soon, she thought, and I do not know if I can do this
without her. And I do not trust this lizard before me. Why
isit that I was told that they are of the Wyrm? Grandmother
tells me to trust this one. Some Furies say these creatures are
the very image of the Wyrm. Some would kill me for even
speaking to it. I don't sense the Wyrm here, but some fomori
can mask their corruption. Goddess, give me clarity. And
soon, please, if you don't mind.

"Some forests, those not yet wrecked by men, con

together. Ina couple of cases, it's not just vines and moss
linking the trees together. It'sthe Wyld. The trees grow
together in the Umbra too, and their spirits fuse.
The forest itself becomes one enormous living
thing. And they're smart too. I mean, they're

not just trees anymore. They can't move or
throw apples at you, like in that movie I saw as
akid. But they can think their green butts off.

68

They'll tell you stuff, if you know what questions to ask. And
they know all sorts of things. Spirit lore, and the like."
Attributes: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Perception 5,
Intelligence 5, Wits |

Abilities: Alertness 4, Area Knowledge 5, Etiquette 4,
Enigmas 4, Expression 1, Spirit Lore (Nature Spirits) 5
Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 10

Health Levels: Each tree destroyed reduces an At-
tribute or Ability by one. Once all of the Attributes
and Abilities have been reduced to zero, the Arden
reverts to a normal forest.

Powers: Assess Character, Call of the Wyld (as
the Galliard Gift, though the sound resembles
wind howling in the trees as opposed to howling
of wolves) Create Wind, Forest Sense, Wisdom of the
Ancient Ways (as the Philodox Gift).

Image: A cluster of trees, grown together
with vines and overgrowth linking the trees together.
The site is generally quite beautiful. It pleases all five
senses. Many animals make their homes in the Arden,
though they do not eat the plants that make it up.

Background: Ardens are repositories of Wyld
knowledge. The trees and bushes remember ancient
ways in their roots and branches. Each of the trees
grows into the other, much like a Banyan tree. How-
ever, no tree, bush or vine is strangled by the combina-
tion. They grow together and thrive. Some Black Fury
septs have Ardens in the bawn of their caerns.

Storytelling Notes: Garou may use Ardens as
information sources. Others may have to protect the
trees from loggers or other developments.

arms avd Gorgont
Many gorgons possess powers previously de-
scribed as Spirit Charms (see Werewolf: The
Apocalypse, page 237 and Axis Mundi: The

Book of Spirits, pp. 156-158). If the Charm is
listed as costing Power or Essence, assume it
either a point of Gnosis for more spiritual powers
and Rage for physical powers.

Wf Worm

"The Wyld Worms are growing again," said Medusa.
"And my heart grows glad with them," replied
Ladon.

"For centuries, we had only had a handful of
Wyld Worms in our care. But recently, one has
grown so large that we could safely divide it in two.
Both halves are doing fine. We tested the new half on
arecently purchased tract of land. The previous owners
had dumped oil and other chemicals rather than recycling


them. But the
Wyld Worm
didn't notice. In Yi
three days, the
ground was clear.
"We are hop-
ing that, if
theycontinue "4
to grow, they
can be used to pu-
tify Wyrm-tainted lands."
Attributes: Just about none.
It's a big worm.
Abilities: See Attributes.
Gnosis: 4
Health Levels: OK, Squished
Powers: Wyld Worms have a
natural ability to cleanse ar- §
eas. They are able to eat mild
toxins and turn them into use-
ful products, doing the work of F
earthworms, but much better
and much more quickly. If
Wyld Worms have tilled the
area being
treated, the
difficulty of a
Rite of Cl
ing is reduced by
two.

Image:
A foot-long
earthworm.
The untrained eye
might mistake them
for small snakes or
large slugs.
Background:
The Wyld Worms
were once part of the
natural cycle of life. ¥
TheWyldWormscon- |
sumed the detritus left
behind in the Wyrm's
wake. Itwouldignite the
area with the spark of
the Wyld,allowingthe {4
area to grow anew. |
Since the Wyrm'scap- }f |
ture by the Weaver,
the Wyld Worms

have suffered, slowly dying off down the years. The
Black Furies (and some Children of Gaia) secretly
tended the Wyld Worms, hoping they would someday
thrive again, and return to their sacred purpose.

Storytelling Notes: The Wyld Wormsareasacred
possession of the Black Furies. As such, the enemies of
the Furies might attempt to take
them. It could be Silver Fangs who
wantto "rescue" the Worms, or Black
Spiral Dancers who wish to toss the
Worms into the Abyss.

\ The Cow

Redsong looked at Ladon. Why did

she say almost nothing? Wasn't she
supposed to do something other than
listen? "There's another gorgon. The
Cow. We don't really know what The

Cow is supposed to do.
It just eats and looks
at you
with a
total lack of
thought in its
eyes."

"It is a cow,
° granddaugh-
* ter," said
Medusa

"Cows are not too bright."
"Yeah, well, it can enter the
Umbra. We've seen that." Redsong
looked off into the distance, her
eyes reading her notes. "Andnoth-
ing seems to
hurt it. But
we don't
know what
= itissupposed
to do. Why
would the
la Wyld
. make a
cowagorgon?"
"The ways of the Wyld
are not for us to question or
even understand. The Cow
has a purpose. You just don't

know what its purpose is."
"Do you know?" snapped

Redsong angrily. Days of following a

69


by everything. It stares at su-

pernatural beings, even invis-

ible or hidden ones, though it

never does anything about it.

Its milk is tasty, though not
magical in any way.

Background: The Cow has

been around as longas recorded

history. The oldest tales of the

Garou tell of a hungry Bone

Gnawer chasing The

, gat Cow for weeks, try-

¥, ingtocatchandeat

it. Eventually, the

~ Bone Gnawer col-

lapsed from hunger

and had to be nursed back to

health. In the sixth century

BC, a Stargazer

traveling in In-

dia saw The

Fs Cow worshipped

ad asa god. In the old

r west, a Silver Fang

rancher from Colo-

rado tried tocatch The

Cow for his herd. While

away, his herd was stolen

by human cattle rustlers

! Those who try tocatch The

_ Cow never succeed.

Those who try to kill it

often end up dead by

cow... @ cow munching its way
through the natural world as well as

the spirit world flashed back to her.
This surely was not what Gaia had
planned for her. She was to sing songs
of glory and honor. Not herd a cow,
that was for sure

"Granddaughter," cautioned
Medusa.

"I do not know either," re- ~
plied Ladon. "Perhaps it is to
teach young Garou patience
Continue," she said, gesturing to
Medusa
Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 2,
Stamina 5, Perception 1, Intelli-
gence 7, Wits 1

im

Abilities: Enigmas 5

Gnosis: 8; Willpower: 10
Health Levels: Infinite. The Cow
is effectively indestructible. Any
attack in the physical world causes
it to immediately step sideways
(no chance of failure) into the
Umbra, or vice versa. Those who
attempt to lie in wait for iton
the other side of the Gaunt-
letare stymied, as The Cow
simply disappears, re-
appearing at a safe
point in the Umbra.
Attacks: None. It could

theoretically step on or Ke embarrassing means. Those
even trample someone, but Wl" who try tounderstand it go mad
it doesn't seem to ever even a Storytelling Notes: The
want to try, Cow is either the most impor-
Powers: The Cow can tant thing in world, or
stanta- " / body knows what The
neously, Cow is for, and it's not

no matter
how high 4

the Gaunt- \

let. It does

this automati-
cally when in dan-
ger, seconds before a
blow lands. It is also immune to all
Gifts (or other magical abilities, |
including the Delirium) that af-
fect normal animals.

telling.

The Roaring Creek

"In the Appalachian
Mountains, acreek babbles
down through the
mountains. In

the ancient times,

it was a place holy to
the lost Croatan. The
Croatan knew that this
was a hungry creek. They
could see how the creek wanted to

Image: It's a cow. It always
looks calm and somewhat bored

70 Book of the Wyld


be larger, to cut a bigger swath through the land. It could
wear down stones faster than any other creek. The Croatan
gave sacrifices to the creek, and defended it from the
Mockeries. In return, the creek would send them fish to eat.
It would let the Croatan and their Kin drink from it and use
its water, for the water was pure

"But then the Croatan left this world, sacrificing their
lives for the good of the land. The Gurahl took care of the
creek as long as they could. But when the Europeans came
to the New World, they chased the Bears away. The Get
and their Kin dammed the river, thinking it just a place
where the bears chose to fish. They made a mill.
They never bothered to listen to the river.
Eventually, the river went to sleep

"But it woke up. The Get had
moved on, but their Kin continued to
come by, having picnics or fishing or *
swimming on hot summer afternoons. *
The river, angry at being caged, is slowly
regainingits magic. The dam is wearing down.
Sharp rocks, cut by the river, slice open
the feet of the Kin. The fish only bite _
toes now. The river knows that the ~~,

blood of the Garou runs thinly through
the veins of the Kin, but a pair of hunters,

trespassing on the land, ‘slipped on a wet rock'
and fell into the creek. The creek realized that it didn't
need help for its sacrifices. If the,
Garou would not feed the creek, a)
the creek would have to make Wr
do on its own. We fear the Get ~~
will hear of this, and do some-
thing to the gorgon creek."
Attributes: Perception 4, Intelligence 2,
Wits | =
Abilities: Local Area Knowledge 6
: 8; Willpower: 5
Health Levels: Only dams or pollution can harm
the river.

Gnosi

Attacks: Nothing overt. It can cause someone to slip
on a wet stone while crossing. Roll Dexterity +
Athletics (difficulty 6) to cross the steam when it
doesn't want him to cross. A person could fall into the
creek and hit his head. Roll Stamina (difficulty 8) to
soak the 2 health levels of damage. On a botch, the
person falls unconscious and starts to drown (see page
188, Werewolf: The Apocalypse).
Powers: Break Reality, Field Sense, Flood

Image: The Roaring Creek appears to be anormal
creek. However, on a close inspection (Perception +
Survival or Primal Urge, difficulty 7), one would
notice the creek has recently expanded and the rocks

oe

and other natural phenomena of the river are more
worn than they perhaps should be.

Background: A Wyld-spirit bonded with the creek
in ancient times. The spirit saw the creek rolling over
the land, constantly changing its shape. The spirit
recognized the changing nature of the creek, and
bonded with it. However, the spirit was a hungry spirit
and wishes for the river to grow.

Storytelling Notes: The creek offers a good op-
portunity for packs of Garou to test their non-combat
abilities. The innate martial virtues of a 900-pound

engine of destruction aren't
of themselves very useful for
helpingacreek thrive. The
~ creek isnot in danger from
pollution, but it needs to
break free of the dams to restore its full power.

The Lightorng Buge
Redsong noted, "It's not just the rivers, plants and
animals. We've seen insect gorgons as well.

"A group of campers were out in the woods of Maine
one night. One of them went off to mark a tree. Off by
himself, he saw a firefly light up. And then another
and then another and another. Their lights re-
¥- minded him of a Christmas tree. They danced for
him, and entranced him. His breathing slowed, and
he did not care when they landed on him. He did not
care when they started biting him. More
and more bugs jumped on his body,
> 2
: ee eating his flesh.
. "His friends never found what was
left of him. We made sure of that."
Attributes: Strength 0, Dexterity 5, Stamina 1, Per-
ception 4
Abilities: Empathy 3
Health Levels: Attacking the swarm is like attacking
an Ananasi in Crawlerling form. Individual
insects are easily destroyed, but it is next to
impossible to destroy the mass of them without
using a flame-thrower or similar tactics.
~~" Attacks: Swarm Bite (2 damage)
Powers: Hypnosis
* Hypnosis: The swarm rolls 6 dice (difficulty is the
target's Willpower) in a roll opposed by the target's
Willpower (difficulty 6). If the target gets more than
three net successes, she realizes something is wrong
and can try to flee. If the swarm gets more than three
net successes, the target is immobilized. If the swarm
gets more than five successes, the target will not notice
the stinging bites of the swarm.
Image: A swarm of lightning bugs, dancing in a
hypnotic pattern.

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 71


Background: The lightning bug swarms live near
populated areas, in forested places that are typically
used for camping and hiking where people do not wish
to travel too far from their safe homes. The swarms pick
out lone hikers or campers and consume them, leaving
nothing behind. Eventually, the place developsarepu-
tation as "haunted" and people start leaving it alone.

Storytelling Notes: Sometimes, people don't take
the hint the Wyld is giving them. The disappearance
of a young child has galvanized the community into
action. The lightning bugs may be discovered, and the
Garou must decide whether to protect a swarm of
sacred, child-eating bugs or normal people.

The Cry Conf
Medusa smiled, "The Cow was not the only bamyard
animal gorgon we have seen. The Gruff Goatis back as well."
"In England, farmers saw a goat eating the tailpipe of a
car. In France, the Gruff Goat chewed open ahole inafence,
allowing a bunch of sheep to escape into a nearby forest. In
Germany, the Goat took a bite out of a hunter's rifle.
"Wherever the Goat goes, it eats."
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5, Per-
ception 2, Wits 1
Abilities: Primal-Urge 2, Stealth 3
Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 8
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Bite (Strength +4 damage. The GruffGoatcan
consume anything; itcan bite through and digest anything
that it can put in its mouth. Eating Wyrm-tainted things
requires a point of Gnosis.); Hor Butt (difficulty 7,
Strength +5 damage, requires a running start)

Powers: Step Sideways

Image: The Gruff Goat looks like a normal goat,
though very well fed. Like The Cow, it tends to stare
at supernatural creatures suspiciously, though that
could be paranoia on the part of people staring at the
Goat. Unlike The Cow, the Goat has a temper. People
who attempt to push it around get butted or eaten.

Background: A Wyld-spirit fused with a normal
goat. The purpose of the goat is a mystery second only
to that of The Cow.

Storytelling Notes: A few packs call Goat sacred,
and those who follow it as a totem work to protect the
Goat. However, the Goat doesn't like being protected
much, and it tends to eat its way out of captivity.

The Stature of the Monkey Xing

"We've freed the Monkey King," said Redsong.

"And how was the Monkey King imprisoned?" asked
Laden, anveyebrow'arching,

"Two groups of Japanese Glass Walkers were feuding
over some high-tech company. To force one group to sign

72 Book of the Wyld

[PPO Ps LT ET, A |

over some stock papers, a rival pack snuck into the first
pack's caern and stole their statue of the Monkey King. Ic
‘was the first pack's totem. A nasty gang war erupted. Some
Freebooters I know heard about the gang war and decided
that neither pack deserved the Monkey King. He's sup-
posed to be free, after all. So they used the confusion to nab
the statue. It was happy to be set free, but it didn't want to
come with the Freebooters."
"Did it return to the Glass Walkers?" asked Ladon.
"Not that we know of. The Freebooters were taking
the statue to Ecube when it escaped. It got loose somewhere
between Kyoto and Athens."
"Good," said Ladon. "The Monkey King should be
free. That is its nature."
"But we were going to protect it," protested Redsong.
"As were the Glass Walkers who revered it."
"Butthey're Glass Walkers. They reek of the Weaver."
"Indeed," said Ladon. "I am so glad to see your
concern. The Monkey Kingis free. That is what matters."
Redsong grumbled, but looked to her grandmother to
continue.
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4
(nimble), Stamina 5, Charisma 4,
Manipulation 5 (cunning), Appear-
ance 2, Perception 3, Intelligence 3,
Wits 5
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3,
yf Brawl3, Dodge3, Empathy 4, Enigmas 3,
Etiquette 1, Expression 4, Melee (staff) 4,
Occult 4, Performance 5, Subterfuge 5
Rage: 2; Gnosis: 6; Will-
power: 7
Health Levels: OK,
OK, -1,-1,-1,-2,-2,-2,
-5, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Stone Fists &
Feet (Strength +2), Staff of
the Monkey King (difficulty 5,
damage Strength +1)

Armor: +3 to soak rolls from its stone form
Powers: Blissful Ignorance (as the Ragabash Gift),
Create Element (as the Metis Gift), Doppelganger (as
the Glass Walker Gift), Leap of the Kangaroo (as the
Lupus Gift), Open Seal (as the Ragabash Gift)
Image: In his natural form, the statue of the
Monkey King appears to be a stone statue of amonkey
(about the size of asmall child), with a bronze head and
iron shoulders. Its eyes are made of crystals. His staff
can shrink to the size of a toothpick or grow to the size
ofa telephone pole. However, the statue can change its
appearance or turn invisible, so it does not always
resemble its natural form.


INN ee

Background: Asa tribute to the Monkey King, the finest artisans
J of Beast Courts of Asia made this statue in his image. The Monkey
"| King himself added a piece of his essence to the statue, giving it life
anda copy of his personality. Down through the centuries, the statue
§} provided guidance to the Beast Courts before a pack of Glass
"Walkers following the Monkey King as a totem came to China
following a dream. The Glass Walkers convinced the statue to
come with them, and it has remained with the Japanese Glass
Walkers until recently, when a gang war in Kyoto led to the
statue being kidnapped by Black Furies. It escaped the
Furies and is now slowly making its way overland
to its home in China. However, the Beast
Courts, both packs of Glass Walkers and the
Black Furies are chasing the statue. The statue
finds this to be a fine game.
Storytelling Notes: The statue has asense
‘of humor about all this, but will not allow itself
FiO be imprisoned again.

Rorgt Hongey ildren
Medusa said, "Rorg, Incama of Turog, has sent his Hungry Children
out from his world to ours. In Colorado, a pack of Furies
reported that the Hungry Children broke free in the Rocky
\) Mountains. The avalanche that followed killed seventeen
} skiers and three members of the Mountain Rescue Society
who tried to help the trapped skiers. When the thaw comes,
the bodies will not be found. They took care of that. People
._ do not need to ask what sort of creature eats men and
5 Gee. leaves stone shards in the bite wounds."
© f %. Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 1
Abilities: Athletics (rolling) 3, Brawl 3,
F Stealth 4
Rage: 7; Gnosis: 5; Willpower: 5
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -l, -2, -2, -2, -5,
Incapacitated
Attacks: Overbear (damage Strength +2), Bite
(damage Strength +4)
Powers: Stone hide (+4 to soak), Rolling
} (12 yardsfround), Flight (20 yards/round)
Image: When dormant, a boulder.
When active, a flying boulder with a huge
mouth and rowsofsharpquartzteeth.
Background: Rorg's anger
©" has grown with the advent of
s2P" Anthelios. He sent his Hungry Chil-
BPP cen from the Asteroid Belt to the moun-
(7™ ‘tains of the world. There, they cause avalanches
and eat people or machines. So far, no one has seen the
Hungty Children in action, except for one UFO hunter, who
mistook the flying rock fora flying saucer. His picture of the "saucer"
has led to numerous UFO hunters to come to the area. Once the

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 73

OL SE SS PD A TONY


Hungry Children eat the first UFO-ologist, even
more will arrive, hoping to be "abducted by the
mothership" as well.

Storytelling Notes: Fighting Rorg's Hungry Chil-
dren isan almost certain way to draw the ire of the Red
Talons. Helping them will draw other attention.

Nockort
"We've seen a nasty gorgon bird," said Redsong. "It's
been seen in Canada, though it may be in other places too.
A gal I know named it the Mocker. It looks like a mocking-
bird, but a little bigger. It talks too. But it's not a mimic like
@ parrot or a mynah bird. It starts talking, but its voice is
hypnotic. It drones on and on like a telemarketer. Listen to
it too long and you zone out." Redsong snapped her fingers:
"And once you're under, it can do whatever it wants to you.
You're in its power. And did I mention it's a carnivore?"
Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Perception 4, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3
Abilities: Empathy 4, Expression 4
Rage: 1; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Beak (Strength +1)
Powers: Flight, Hypnosis, Sense Weaver (as the Glass
Walker Gift)
¢ Hypnosis: Roll contested Manipulation + Expression
vs. the target's Willpower (difficulty 7). Once hypno-
tized, the Mocker can implant one post-hypnotic sug-
gestion for every two net successes it gets on the opposed
roll. If hungry, it tells the target to close his eyes and
block his pain centers. It then starts eating.
Image: The Mocker is an innocuous enough
gorgon; it looks exactly like a normal mockingbird.
Background: The Mocker lives in deep forests of
Canada. It uses its ability to sense the Weaver's influ-
ence to find its prey. If nothing tainted by the Weaver
is nearby, it eats as a normal bird. But once it finds
suitable prey (and mankind seems to be what it has a
taste for), it will use its hypnotic ability to separate out
weaker members of human "herds" and consume them.
Storytelling Notes: The Mocker generally ig-
nores Garou (except for Glass Walkers). Mockers have
a special taste for Ananasi, and enjoy hunting them.

Livatlé

Medusa looked to her granddaughter. "We're notin a
hurry, Redsong. This is a telling of tales, not a quick
summary. What sort of Galliard will you be if you rush
through to the coda?"

"Somy, Grandmother," replied Redsong, chastised.

"Don' te sorry. Do better." Medusa looked to Ladon
and continued, "in Peru, the Isnashi has returned. And it

74

Book of the Wyld

ff PPO PT nieiemney / /,

hunts once more. By night, it strikes. One of our Kin,
Rosalinda Vega, says the Isnashi eats her flock. We repaid
her for her loss, but the Isnashi is going to continue to hunt,
drinking the blood of its prey."

"Like a damn Leech," muttered Redsong.

Medusa blanched. "We are speaking of a gorgon, a
holy creature of the Wyld. Not some pathetic creature
cursed by Weaver and Wyrm. The Isnashi is

"A bloodsucker," interrupted Redsong. "A blood-
sucker that's eating the flocks of Kinfolk. If Maria had not
sensed it for what it was, her pack would have—"

"Done a great wrong," interrupted Medusa. "The
Wyld is not Gaia. But we defend Gaia by defending the
Wyld. If the world were different, perhaps we would be
speaking of the fomori as the last defenders of the Wyrm."

Heresy, thought Redsong, though she knew better than
to speak her mind. She let her grandmother continue, while
dark thoughts raced through her head.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Per-
ception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 4

Abilities: Animal Ken 3, Brawl 3, Primal-Urge 3,
Stealth 4

Rage: 4; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Bite (Strength +3), Claws (Strength +1)
Powers: Nightvision, Patagia, Regeneration

Image: The Isnashi resembles El Chupacabras
(the legendary goatsucker of Mexico and Central
America). It is the size of a small child, with an
enlarged head and sharp claw-like hands. It has vesti-
gial wings like those of a flying squirrel. Unlike El
Chupacabras, the Isnashi is covered with hair.

Background: The Isnashi isa nocturnal hunter. It
preys on herd animals these days, finding them to be
easy prey. They sneak up on their targetand drop down
from a tree branch (or perhaps a nearby roof, though
the Isnashi generally avoid civilization). They then
latch onto their prey and bite into an artery. They
drain their prey of blood and then leave.

Storytelling Notes: The remains left behind by
Isnashi feedings can resemble a vampire's feeding. An
Isnashi who has come too close to civilization may
attract the attention of not only the local Garou
population, but that of the local vampires.

Cobar

Medusa looked to her granddaughter. Once, when she
was Redsong's age, she met her first Ladon. It was a
spiritual experience that she never forgot. The sins of the
past could be put aside, and maybe, just maybe, the future
could be made brighter. "In the Appalachian Mountains,
the Goblins once again roam free. Once, in 1955, they


came out of hiding and terrorized a few Kentucky farming
families. They are loose again. As before, lights in the sky
welcomed the arrival of the Goblins. As before, they dance
in the moonlight. As before, they attack those that attempt
to harness the Wyld."

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4 (quick),
Stamina 3, Charisma 2, Manipulation 4 (trickster),
Appearance 0, Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 4,
Empathy 2, Performance 3, Repair 4, Stealth 5
Rage: 1; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated
Attacks: Bite/Claws (Strength +1)

Powers: Blur of the Milky Eye (as the Ragabash Gift),
Create Element (as the Metis Gift), Leap of the Kan-
garoo (as the Lupus Gift), Regeneration, Speed of
Thought (as the Silent Strider Gift)

Image: The Goblins are three feet tall, with silvery
skin. They have long arms that reach all the way to the
ground, with sharp clawsat the ends of their four fingers.
Their eyes glow yellow in the night, and their heads are
oversized with long pointed ears that stick out from the
sides of their heads. All Goblins look and smell identi-
cal. They can easily tell each other apart, but to the
human (or wolf) senses, they appear the same. They will
often use this to their advantage, using the confusion to
make their numbers seem larger or smaller.

Background: The Goblins are a force of chaos,
spirits of the forest melded with small creatures. Their
job is to scare people away from Wyld places. They do
so with the reckless abandon of hyperactive children.
Goblins can be found on the outskirts of cities, or at
remote homes in the wilderness, where humanity
attempts to tame the wild. Goblins love to scare their
foes. Goblins run in large packs, though they usually
use stealth and trickery so that an opponent only sees
at most one or two ata time. They will try to convince
their foes that a single Goblin can be all over the place.

Storytelling Notes: Goblins may also decide some
Garou (especially those with strong Weaver influences)
need a kick in the pants. The Goblins are rather like
cartoon tricksters, not trying to hurt anyone so much as
bedevil them. The Nuwisha find the antics of the
Goblins hysterical, and often try to emulate the Gob-
lins' antics. Goblins do not appreciate the imitation,
and sometimes turn on Nuwisha, starting a "battle of the
gags" that would make the battles of the Coyote and
Roadrunner look like a reasoned debate.

The Evolthng

Redsong, her face now calm and her voice steady took
up the storytelling. "The Wyld is a force of change, of
growth, of evolution. The humans with their tales of

ec

Darwin and science don't see the whole story. Evolution is
the spark of the W/yld that causes us to grow. Millennia ago,
the Wyld lit that spark in apes, forcing development. That
spark is once again lit, and brighter than before.

"In Africa, hunters whisper tales of beast-men. Some
of these tales are the handiwork of the," she paused and her
voice took on a note of distaste, "Bastet. Others are the
MokolE. Still others the Ajaba. But some of these tales come
from another source.

"The Wyld has fanned its spark in other animals. A
tribe of mountain gorillas has gone through a hundred
centuries of change ina single generation. They aren' tusing
tools, though. I guess the Weaver hasn't noticed them yet.
We've got spirits monitoring the tribe, butat the rate they're
evolving, they may catch up to man in a few generations

"What happens then?"

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 1, Appearance 0, Perception 3,
Intelligence | (arare Evolved will have an Intelligence
of 2), Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Stealth 3, Survival 4
Rage: 1; Gnosis: 1; Willpower: 4
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1,
Incapacitated

Attacks: Simple hand to hand attacks
Powers: Regeneration

Image: The Evolving resemble cavemen, though
they are not nearly as evolved as Australopithecus
africanus. They livea primitive hunter/gatherer lifestyle,
with a single alpha-male leader. Right now, another
generation is being born, and the children of this
generation are more intelligent than their parents.
Though each generation is more evolved than the
previous, the Evolving live a normal lifespan of 30 years.

Background: In Kenya, the Wyld touched atribe
ofmountain gorillas, as some believe the Wyld touched
mankind's ancestors millennia ago. These gorillas
grow in intelligence and sophistication with every
passing generation.

Storytelling Notes: The Evolving may prove to be
adivisive issue for the Garou. In time, they may come to
equal mankind in intelligence. So far, the Wyld protects
them from the Weaverand Wyrm. Thisrace may end up
far different from man and Garou. Should the Weaver
touch these creatures, will the Garou decide once again.
to start the Impergium as they did in the past?

Nofbman

"The Mothman returned," said Redsong.

"That's not his name," said Medusa. "He is the Night
Watcher."

"Well, he's the Mothman now," retorted Redsong.

-2, -2, -5,

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 75

re EN


"An explanation, please," asked Ladon.

"In 1966, the Moth— Night Watcher came out of
hiding for some reason. The people there called him ‘the
Mothman.' We had investigators in the area, but so did
Weaver agents. Drones, we think, dressed in black. Tried
to cover up the sightings. Eventually, Mothman went back
into hiding." She started at her misnomer

"Names are unimportant. Tell me the tale, Redsong,"
said Ladon.

"The Mothman..." Redsong shot a glance to her
grandmother. "The Mothman comes out at night. People
see it on lonely roads. Its presence causes things to break
Weaver-stuff, that is. it gives people nightmares. Animals
fear it, as well they should. It flies by night, looking for
whatever caused it to wake up. It will stop sometimes,
landing outside houses or by stopped cars. It uses the eyes
the Wyld gave it to look into people's souls. Its gaze
hypnotizes, and its screech causes strong men to weep."

"And once it's done, it goes away. But it's back now

Not in West Virginia now. But it's active. And it's
searching again. We don't know what for, yet."
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 4 (eerie), Appearance 0, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Athletics (flight) 4, Empathy 4, Enigmas 5,
Intimidation 4, Primal Urge 4, Stealth 4
Rage: 2; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 7
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -
-5, Incapacitated
lawed feet (Strength +1)
Airt Sense, Break Reality, Dreamspeak (as
the Galliard Gift), Flight (27 yards/round), Howl of
the Banshee (as the Fianna Gift), Icy Chill of Despair
(as the Shadow Lord Gift), Paralyzing Stare (as the
Shadow Lord Gift), Regeneration, Sense of the Prey
(as the Ragabash Gift), Sense the Unnatural (as the
Lupus Gift), Sense Wyrm (as the Metis Gift), Sense
Weaver (as the Glass Walker Gift), Step Sideways.

Image: The Mothman stands about seven feet tall
and is covered in short, gray fur. Its humanoid with two
human-like legs. It walks witha shuffling gait. [thas long
wings instead of arms, with about a 15" wingspan. It
doesn't have a head, as much as its eyes and mouth are

-2,-2,-5,

al.

76 Book of the Wyld

[POE PT FY ntntiniemny // 1

(Depending on the weathersystem the Thunderhead has joined with, its Rage, Willpowerand Health Levels vary.)

Weather System Rage Willpower
Light Rain 3 6
Storm 4 5
Thunderstorm 5 4
Tornado/Hurricane 6 3

at the top of its torso. The eyes of a Mothman are large,
about the size of baseballs, and they glow dark red in the
night. When it flies, it simply stretches out its wings, not
needing to flap them to gain speed or altitude.

Background: The Mothman isan agentof the Wyld.
It comes out of the Umbra for reasons only it knows. Its
semi-public appearance in the 1960's was to destroy an
important creation of the Weaver's: a suspension bridge.
The bridge was a creation of Drones as a home for
Weaver-spirits. People hypnotized by the Mothman of-
ten have dreams of the Mothman's duty. When the
Mothman first appears, it does not yet know its exact
purpose. It only knows where it must be. It will spend
weeks or even months, searching for the exact construct
of the Weaver that it must destroy. Once it has found its
elusive target, it spends a period of time using its Break
Reality power to create small flaws in the structure. Italso
damages other places in the area that are strong in the
Weaver, to allay the suspicions of the Weaver-agents in
the area. Eventually, these small flaws add up, and the
structure itself crumbles, as the Silver Bridge over the
Ohio River collapsed in December of 1967, killing 46
people. The Mothman has a rudimentary conscience,
and will sometimes use its Dreamspeak Gift to warn
people of the impending disaster.

Storytelling Notes: The Mothman is a creepy
creature out of UFO mythology. Player Character packs
seeking the Mothman should be treated to the best
tropes of the UFO/conspiracy theory. The Men in Black
are best represented as Drones (see Book of the Weaver).
For those in a crossover state of mind, the Men in Black
who hunt the Mothman can be the Men in Black from
Mage: The Ascension (see Guide to the Technocracy
for more information about the Men in Black).

Tdoderbead

Medusa said, "You are doing better, granddaughter."

Redsong smiled a private smile. "Thank you, dear
grandmother. I hope to follow your path."

Medusa continued, "The Thunderhead has been the
hardest gorgon to track. While men count every gust of wind
across the face of Mother Gaia with their radar and their
‘Doppler 2001', tracking the Thunderhead proves difficult
It follows some storms, but breaks with one to join another.

Health Levels

OK, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated

OK, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

OK, -1, -1, -2, -2, -5, Incapacitated

OK, OK, +1, -1, -2,-2, 5, -5, Incapacitated


a We have only seen it afew

times, though we are work-
ing on better ways to track it.
A weather balloon, perhaps."
Attributes: Perception 2, Intel-
ligence 3, Wits 4
Abilities: Empathy 3, Enigmas 5,
Science (meteorology) 5, Spirit Lore
(air spirits) 5
Rage: 3-6; Gnosis: 6; Willpower: 3-6
Health Levels: See below
Attacks: See Powers.
Powers: Cloud Body, Create Wind, Dis-
orient, Flood, Freeze, Lightning (Blast), Shat-
ter Glass, Swift Flight, Updraft (as appropriate
for the weather system with which the Thunder-
head merges)

* Cloud Body: Only a few forms of
FA attack can harm a Thunderhead. Wyrm-
g tainted attacks such as Balefire disrupt the
cloud's form. Additionally, wind or spirit-based
attacks harm the cloud's form. Cunning players
may use scientific methods to harm a Thunder-
head. The Storyteller should use her best judge-
ment in those cases and reward creativity. Use the
Rage as Stamina for purposes of soaking attacks

that would damage a Thunderhead.

Image: A Thunderhead is a cloud. It can be
sometimes picked out in a cloudy sky, moving
against the wind. The kind of cloud it is depends
on the local weather, though once merged with
a storm system, it can increase or decrease the
strength of a storm.

Background: A Thunderhead is a cre-
ation of sky spirits who wish a permanent
home away from the Umbra. Since

their first appearance, they have
flown over the Earth, picking up
5) knowledge of sky spirits. In an-
cient times, Garou would climb
mountains to getachance to speak

to a Thunderhead. Nowadays, different opportuni-

& ties, from parachuting to airplanes, make it easier
» for a Garou to speak with a Thunderhead. They
tend not to like airplanes, but will sometimes use
their wind powers to keep a parachuting Garou inside it
for a time while they converse. Those who displease
the Thunderhead find their chute snarled. Some
Garou have survived a fall from the heavens after a
displeased Thunderhead spilled their parachute,
but those who really irk a Thunderhead end up
struck by lightning once they hit the ground, to

77


accentuate the storm's point. Thunderheads suffer
damage from air pollution, and try to stay away from
populated areas.

Storytelling Notes: The Thunderhead offers a rare
opportunity for Garou, a chance to wander about in the
physical clouds. Garou often go into the Umbral skies
for adventure, but the physical skies offer a different
challenge. Confrontinga Thunderhead, either in search
of information about air spirits or in an attempt to
convince it to water a Kinfolk's crops, gives a chance for
Garou to stretch their wings, in a literal sense.

eee

With that Redsong stood up, then assisted Medusa to
her feet. Redsong bowed to Ladon. "And now, our talesare
told. This night, we thank you, blessed Memory. This
night, the old songs remain young."

Ladon remained sitting, and looked at Redsong. She
knows, thought Redsong. She knows what I'm thinking.
Damned Wyrm creature. She knows what I'll do after
Grandmother passes. Redsong felt the rage boil under her
skin. Her fingers flexed.

"Ido not think this night is over yet, warriors of Gaia,"
said Ladon.

"Why is that?" asked Redsong, trying to keep her
voice even

"Because what is the use of Memory, if no one ever
learns from it?"

"She is not ready," interrupted Medusa. "She is still
young. Her next—"

"Not ready for what?" demanded Redsong

Ladon smiled enigmatically, "Neither glory nor honor."
She tumed and started walking into the cave. "Follow me,
Redsong. Follow, if you dare."

Redsong snarled, "I dare." She shifted into wolf-form
and followed the dragon into the cave

Ladon looked back at the wolf following her. "The
myths call us collectors. Of gold. Of precious stones. But
we are truly the collectors of memory. We remember the
times long past. I remember my ancestor carving out this
cave with his claws in the times before man stood upright."
A light shone from up ahead, flickering on the cave walls.
I remember a time of balance between Deviser, Designer
and Dissolver. [remember a time when this was a sapling."
She gestured to the young wolf. Up ahead, the cave tunnel
opened up. Stars flickered on the walls of the cave. The
moon's light, beaming down through a small crack in the
roof, lit up the room like a million candles. In the center of
the cave was a tree. It nearly filled the immense cave with
twisting branches. The tree was golden. Golden apples
hung from golden limbs, surrounded by golden leaves.

"Behold, the true tree. Keeper of knowledge. The true
source." Ladon went to the tree and plucked an apple from a

78 Book of the Wyld

OE TT A a a

low-hanging limb. "The apple we shared this eveninghad fallen
on the ground. This one comes straight from the limb." She
offered the apple to Redsong. "Straight from the Wyld. Take.
Eat. This is the Wyld." She looked at Redsong knowingly

"Unless you are afraid. Don't think I don' t see the fear in you,
little wolf. I remember that look. It was the look in the eyes of
your sisters when they came for us. Understanding erases
fear." She held forth the apple again. "Understand."

Redsong swelled up to the massive Crinos form. "I'm not
afraid," she growled. Ladon looked up at the werewolf,
unimpressed. Redsong snatched the apple from Ladon' s hands.
"Pm not afraid of anything." She ate the apple in one bite.

The walls of the cave melted before Redsong' s eyes and
she was left standing alone. Rainbows of color rocketed
around her, shifting and changing. Her keen senses reeled
from the overload. Instinctively, she reverted to human
form, and curled up in a ball, hands over her head. Eyes
squeezed shut

"Thatis foolish of you, little wolf," said Ladon's voice.
"Now it is time for me to speak, and you to listen."

Ladon's voice burned through Redsong like dragon's
fire. "You believe because you have chased the Thunder-
head and fostered an Arden that you know the Spirits of the
Wyld. Perhaps you watched a Vortex shred a Pattern
Spider, or even saw a Color String on some deep Umbral
journey. You know nothing!

"Ttell younow the Wyld is not something one catalogs,
or shepherds. If you are to be Medusa in the upcoming
Wonderwork of the Dissolver, you must understand. You
must change."

The cacophony waned and Redsong could stand to
open her eyes. Ladon stood before her, on a small island of
earth floating in space. Redsong lay in front of her, floating
in space. Surrounding the pair were shifting polychromatic
clouds. "Here begins the lesson."

Sparks

"Look, stripling. Learn," said Ladon. With a wave of
her hand, the mists coalesced. A glowing streak of energy
appeared in front of Redsong. It bobbed in front of her head,
no bigger than her human fist. Its color shifted as she
watched, never remaining one shade for more than an
instant. It bounced in front of her, never able to keep in the
same place. The dance fascinated Redsong.

"What, what is it?" she asked hesitantly.

"It is a Spark."

"Some sort of lightning elemental?" asked Redsong
hesitantly

"Not that sort of spark. It is a spark of inspiration. A
spark of new ideas."


"Inancient times, the Sparks were large enough to blind
if you looked at one directly . The Sparks inspired men to use
fire. A Spark watched as a water-spirit helped Great Song of
the Moming, and thus your kind learned of fetishes."

"So they know everything?" asked Redsong.

"No, they merely give others a push, helping them to
realize the truth inside themselves."

Willpower 3, Rage 1, Gnosis 6, Essence 10

Charms: Airt Sense, Inspire, Materialize, Re-
form, Swift Flight

* Inspire: The Spark gives a touch of inspiration
to those it decides to help. No one can force a Spark to
Inspire him or her. The Spark rolls Gnosis (difficulty
equals the Gauntlet rating). If successful, the target of
the inspiration comes up with a good idea. The idea is
generally a solution to a puzzle or problem the target
had been worrying about. Most often, the subject had
all of the pieces necessary to solve the problem, but
required a change of perspective to arrive at the solu-
tion. Storytellers may use Sparks to assist players stuck
on a certain problem.

Image: Sparks are small glowing orbs of light.
They shift through colors incredibly fast and cannot
stay in one place.

Background: Sparks are free-floating pieces of
creative energy. Some of the Wyld's energies are
devoted to the growth and change of physical entities.
Sparks, on the other hand, change ideas.

Storytelling Notes: Inancient times, Garou searched
the Umbra for Sparks, hoping to use them to spark their
ideas or give solutions to difficult problems. Their inspi-
rational abilities were so renowned that Garou and
mages, hoping to harness the power of new ideas, hunted
them almost to extinction. Because of this, they avoid
Umbral travelers and rarely show themselves. However,
they do still fulfill their destined function, and occasion-
ally bless worthy supplicants with new ideas.

Vicfors

The Spark slowly faded away. "What now?" asked
Redsong.

"Tell me, do you know physics?" asked Ladon.

"I never finished high school," confessed Redsong. "I
read a lot, though."

"Then maybe you will know the answer to this
question: what do you call something that has no mass,
and only direction?"

"A lapsed Catholic?" asked Redsong. Ladon looked ather
disdainfully. "Hey, I know seventeen ways to kill someone
with my pinky finger and, more importantly, over three
hundred of my people's ballads. I don' tneed to know physics."

Ladon glared at Redsong. "Then know this." A beam of
light shot out of the mist, lancing over her shoulder towards

Redsong. In a fraction of a second, the beam changed
direction. It continued to move, never slowing down, only
shifting its path. "This is a Vector spirit. Not all elementals
represent physical things like fire or water. Some of them
embody ideas. The Wyld gave us concepts as well as things.

"A Vector never stops moving. It can change its speed
or direction, but it remains constantly in motion."

Willpower 9, Rage 2, Gnosis 6, Essence 17

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Re-form, Swift
Flight

Image: A Vector looks like a beam of light. It can
travel as fast as light, or as slow as a walk, though it
tends to hate such sluggish speeds. Vectors prefer to
move as fast as they can, which is considerable. They
will talk with travelers in the Umbra, but only if the
person wishing to speak with them makes the effort to
keep up with them.

Background: Vectors are "concept spirits," akin
to some of the inhabitants of the High Umbra Vectors
are spirits of motion. The Silent Striders often learn
travel Gifts from the Vectors.

Storytelling Notes: Vectors know quite a bit about
the Umbra. They travel faster than lightning through
the spirit worlds, rarely slowing down. They can be
useful, if somewhat flighty sources of information about
the spirit world. Vectors have seen just about every-
thing, though they don't pay close attention to their
surroundings, focused only on the joy of motion.

The €ohou

The Vector continued away from Ladon and Redsong.
"Perhaps you should go back to school. Learn useful things.
More than killing." She gestured and the mist parted. In the
distance was a hill of dark red dirt. A slow progression of
animals walking two by two walked over the hill. "In times
past, only a few creatures crossed over the hill at a time."
Ladon whistled and a pair of small forms just walking over
the hill turned to Ladon. "Now itis a regular progression."
The two forms scampered over to the pair of shapechangers

"Monkeys?" asked Redsong.

"Miss Waldron's red colobus monkeys, to be precise
They lived in the forests of West Africa. No human had
seen their like in close to a decade. You will not see them
again. The last of that breed in the world just died."

"We were the last pair, when once there were many,"
said the male, his voice high and clear. "My mate carried our
child, and the last hope for a new generation. A human,
stomping through the woods and reeking of dead berries,
killed my mate with his lightning stick. He didn'teven eather.
I died soon after. I knew I was the last, so why linger on?"

"Extinct," whispered Redsong.

"Not entirely," said Ladon. "Their spirits linger on.
But they will dance in the forests again. Their echoes

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 79


ty

remain here. The unique light of the Wyld in each species
cannot be extinguished. That last flickering light lives on

And we remember them." Ladon looked to the pair of
monkeys. "And we will never forget you. Now join the
other echoes of life. 1 will come later, and hear your songs."
The pair walked away gracefully

"Who did this?" demanded Redsong.

"Does it matter?" asked Ladon.

"I'm going to kill them," snarled Redsong. "Poachers!"

"And once they are dead, they can return to the forests
of Earth?" asked Ladon.

"Enough with the Yoda crap. I want them to pay."

"Not that I am a blessed Warrior of Gaia, but would
it not make more sense to protect the remaining species,
instead of indulging in mindless vengeance?"

Redsong looked down at her feet, then at the slow
progression of animals walking over the hill. A pair of
manatees swam towards the top. Redsong looked away,
rubbing her eyes

Willpower 5, Rage 1, Gnosis 4, Essence 10

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Realm Sense, Re-
form, Tracking (depending on the animal)

Image: Echoes resemble a specific extinct animal,
one male and one female of the breed. They appear as
idealized instances of the animal.

Background: Each species of animal carries in ita
piece of the Wyld. When that species becomes extinct,
that piece returns to the Umbra, to a special realm
populated by extinct breeds. In this realm, they cannot
be destroyed. Griffin, the mighty totem obsessed with
punishing the extinction of animals, often comes to the
Realm of Echoes to take a tally. Legends say that when
Griffin's count reaches a certain number, the Apoca-
lypse will commence. Echoes cannot leave their Realm.

Storytelling Notes: The Echoes remain as a pow-
erful reminder of the stakes for which the Garou fight.
Each loss of a species diminishes the spark of the Wyld
in the world. In addition to the spark of the Wyld in
each of the Echoes, they also contain the race memo-
ries of their entire species. They remember everything
that happened to their species, and are willing to share
information with others on occasion.

Jawad of Time

Ladon gestured and the mists closed over the portal to
the hill. "I suppose you know what this is," said Ladon. She
pointed below the two of them.

Redsong looked down. "A beach," she said tentatively

"And what is on a beach?"

"So it's a sand-spirit. What is it, some kind of
earth-spivit?"

"How literal of you. The ancients used sand to count
the passage of time."

"Yeah, hourglasses and stuff."

"They did this because they knew a bit of the truth."
Ladon held out a small dark seed. "Watch." Ladon tossed
the sced into the patch of sand. In an instant, the seed grew
into a tall apple tree.

"Wow. We could use that on farms," said Redsong. The
leaves on the tree suddenly turned brown and fell from the
branches. "Or not." Before her eyes, the tree rotted and died,

"The Wyld is a force of change. As is time," said
Ladon.

Willpower 5, Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Essence 18

Charms: Age Reality, Airt Sense, Materialize,
Realm Sense, Re-form

Age Reality: The Age Reality works just like the
Break Reality Charm. However, the Age Reality effect
is limited to aging effects. Rather than creating a door
in a wall, the Sand spirit could cause the wall to
crumble with age.

Image: Sands of Time appear as a cloud of sand.
Sometimes the sand "rests" as a pile of sand, but it can
awaken in an instant.

Background: Philosophers among the Garou be-
lieve that time itself is a creation of the Wyld. The
‘Weaver would have frozen time in a single moment,
and the Wyrm would have simply ended it. But the
Wyld saw time asa force of change. The Sands of Time
are among the oldest of the Wyld-spirits.

Storytelling Notes: A few rare Garou know of the
Sands of Time. In ancient times, the Garou used the
Sands (and the proper rituals) to help their crops grow.
Another legend says that the Fianna used the Sands to
properly age their brews in seconds. Either way, those
who wish to use time as a weapon may seek out the

Sands of Time.

Ooravefors

Ladon gestured and the fog closed beneath them
"Neat stuff," said Redsong. "I can think of a few things I'd
wish old age on. But can it reverse time? Un-age people or,
uh, things."

"You think of your grandmother, That is good. Anda
good question. Sadly, no. The Sands can accelerate aging,
but cannot reverse it."

"But is there a spirit that can?"

"Do you think eternal youth would be a good thing?"

"Sand." asked Ladon, arching an eyebrow.
"Correct." "I... don't want my grandmother to die."
80 Book of the Wyld

LE a


"That is not what I asked. I asked if eternal youth
would be a good thing. If living forever were sucha blessing,
why do the vampires call it ‘the curse of Cain'? Whatever
that means."

"Because they combust in the sun and stuff? No, I
know. I know. Eternal youth wouldn't be a good thing."

"Your wisdom grows, Redsong," said Ladon. "The
only thing that is constant in the world is change. There is
a reason for that."

"However, while I know of no way to reverse the aging
process, there is a W/yld-spirit that has powers akin to that."

Ladon gestured and the mists began spinning. A small
tomado appeared in front of her. But as Redsong looked
more closely, she could see that the tornado was really
"unspinning." Rather than sucking in the stray mists that
surrounded the two of them, it expelled them. "This is an
Unraveler. Do you have something manufactured with
you? Something you will not miss?"

Redsong reached into her pockets and pulled outa coin.
"Will a penny do?"

"Yes; toss it into the Unraveler." Redsong did as
asked, and threw the penny into the vortex. A moment
later, small lumps of metal struck the ground. "Copper
and zinc, I believe."

Redsong picked up the tiny hunks of metal. "Cool."

Willpower 3, Rage 5, Gnosis 4, Essence 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Re-form, Unravel

* Unravel: The Unraveler's sole power is to
reduce manufactured items into their raw compo-
nents. A glass becomes a pile of sand. Clothing be-
comes cotton fibers. Steel becomes raw iron and car-
bon. To Unravel something, the spirit rolls Rage
against a difficulty of the Gauntlet rating. This power
does no good against living things, only manufactured
items. In ancient times, the Unravelerhad even greater
powers, and reverted living things to their primal
essences. If the item is a fetish, the unraveling process
frees the spirit trapped inside.

Image: An Unraveler is a swirling anti-vor-
tex. It resembles a small tornado, filmed and then
shown backwards.

Background: Garou sages believe the Unravelers to
be the Wyld's "eraser." Not willing to hand over broken
creations, the Wyld created the Unraveler to return
creations to their natural states, so the Wyld could start
over again. Others believe that its power is for freeing
things from the forms the Weaver has frozen them in.

Storytelling Notes: A few monkeywrenchers tried
to bring an Unraveler with them into a Magadon
plant, but the high Gauntlet made it difficult for the
spirit to use its powers. However, Unravelers are useful
in the hands of those that wish to destroy items that

Chapter Three: Wyld Children

a ee a

cannot otherwise be unmade. They simply bring the
item with them into a low Gauntlet area and let the
Unraveler do its work there.

ga!
As Redsong watched, the Unraveler unspun itself.

"Are you summoning all these spirits here, or is this some
kind of illusion?"

Ladon replied, "Millennia ago, your kind slew our
kind. Memories were lost forever. Excuse me if I do not tell
you my secrets."

Chagrined, Redsong answered, "Fair enough. What's
next?"

The mists rearranged themselves once again. A flat
white sheet appeared in front of Redsong. As she watched, the
sheet began folding in upon itself. It started as simple folds,
but quickly accelerated into faster and more complex shapes.

"Origami," muttered Redsong. "It looks like Origami."

"Then call it that."

"What does it do?" she asked.

"It folds itself. It changes. Does it need to do more?"

"But why is it here? Never mind. More Yoda,
muttered Redsong.

"Just because we watch these spirits does not mean we
understand them. Our purpose is not understanding or
naming. We remember. And that is enough."

Willpower 5, Rage 2, Gnosis 9, Essence 16

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Re-form,
Shapeshift

Image: The Origami spirit appears as an ever-
folding sheet of white light. Though its size changes
due to whatever shapes it may assume, it tends to
appear as man-sized.

Background: The Origami-spirit's function is
unknown to Garou. It can be found in remote areas of
the Umbra, sitting in one place and changing shape
constantly. At random times, it will revert to a large
sheet of light and begin the changing process once
again. Stargazers will often travel the Umbra, looking
for Origami-spirits. They often meditate in the pres-
ence of an Origami. If they successfully roll Charisma
+ Meditation (difficulty 7) while meditating on the
shape of an Origami, they temporarily gain one dot of
Enigmas for every success rolled.

Storytelling Notes: Garou seeking the answers to
troubling metaphysical questions may seek out the
Origami in the hopes of attaining insight by meditat-
ing on its ever-shifting form.

Jerpertivet
The Origami folded itself into mist and vanished.

Ladon reached into a thick bank of fog and pulled. The
cloud stretched like taffy. With her other hand, she chopped

81


through the strands of mist and
grabbed the now free end. With an
end in each hand, she twisted the
mists until it became a staff. "This
should appear familiar to you." Out
ofanother cloudslithered two snakes
made of green light. They wrapped
themselves around the staff.

"A caduceus," whispered
Redsong.

"Exactly."

Willpower4, Rage 1, Gnosis8,
Essence 14

Charms: Airt Sense, Cur-
ing, Healing, Materialize, Realm
Sense, Re-form

* Curing: Like the Healing
charm, the Curing charm allows
Serpentines tocure diseasesas well
as heal wounds. The spirit rolls its
Gnosis against a difficulty 4 for
normal diseases, difficulty 7 for
life-threatening diseases, difficulty
8 for normally incurable dis-
eases and difficulty 9 for su-
pernatural disea
(Note: vampirism is
not a disease.)

Image:
‘Serpentines
appear as
snakes made
out of shimmer-
ing light.
Serpentinesare al-
ways found in pairs.
They are actually the
same spirit in two bodies, and
always act in unison.

Background: Serpentines
are healing snakes, as the an-
cient Greeks and Native
Americans believed. In
ancient times, healers
would bind
Serpentines into
fetishes.

Storytelling
Notes: Story-
tellers could use
a quest for a Ser-
pentine in order to send charac-
ters into the Umbra to cure asick

82

7

friend or ally. A more evil sug-
gestion would be for a sick enemy
of the pack to blackmail them
into recovering a Serpentine.

Htonfert

Ladon paused and sniffed the air

"What is it?" asked Redsong

"I thought I perceived some-
thing. But no matter."

A piercing shriek cut the air.
"What was that? Was that what you
smelled?"

"Noto the latter. Itis your next
visitor." Another scream crashed in
their ears. Redsong winced in pain
"The Howler."

A third cry sounded. Redsong
fell to her knees. "Whatis
it screaming about?"
"It screams be-
cause it is the
Howler." Another bel-
low sounded, this one
softer, from farther away.
"T would let it approach closer,
but you would do me no good deaf
How would you learn?" she asked
rhetorically

Willpower 5, Rage 8,

Gnosis 2, Essence 15
(Charms: Airt
Z Sense, Blast

y VY Sound) (in ad-

j dition tocausing
Y damage, the

shriek causes one

round of deafness

forevery level ofdam-

age caused), Create

Wind, Materialize, Realm
Sense, Re-form, Shatter Glass

Image: The Howlerisasmall
spirit, no larger than asmnall bird.
Itlooks like a small lizard with an
enormous mouth. When it

screams, the mouth expands to
ten times the size of the body

Background: Little isknown
of the Howlers. They are old
spirits, appearing in ancient leg-
ends of the Garou. It is believed
the Howlers may have been al-


lies of the White Howlers, but since the fall of the
Howlers, they tend to avoid the Garou. They are
known to despise the Black Spiral Dancers, but then,
many spirits share that sentiment.

Storytelling Notes: Many assume, due to the
similarity in names, that the Howler is connected to
the White Howlers. The actual connection is left up to
the individual Storyteller, but if one can brave the
deafening bellow of the spirit, it might have informa-
tion on the lost Howlers, for those interested in that
sort of thing.

Gye

"Is the next one going to be so noisy?" asked Redsong.

"No. The Gyres never speak."

"What's a Gyre?"

"A Gyre is a symbol. An abstract representation of an
ideal. The ideal that nothing ends."

"Everything ends," said Redsong. "If the world wasn't
going to end—"

"The world is not going to end."

"Oh, well, that's a relief. I guess I'll book my
vacation then."

"Gaia give me patience. I will tell you something few
Garow know. The world will not end." She looked to Redsong
and continued, ‘The world will change. You fight to decide the
shape of the next world. If the Wyrm wins, it will be an age of
darkness and destruction. If the Weaver wins, it will be an age
locked in stone, where nothing will ever change."

"And if the Wyld wins?" asked Redsong. "What then?"

"Then there is hope." Ladon reached into the mists as
shehad before. This time, rather than pulling out a staff, she
spun the cloud into a circle. "Behold the Gyre, the
Ouroborous."

Willpower 5, Rage 2, Gnosis 9, Essence 20

Charms: Airt

ense, Armor, Cleanse the Blight,
Healing, Materialize, Realm Sense, Re-form

Image: The Gyre appears asa circle. Sometimes it
looks like a ring of fire, other times it appears as a
serpent eating its own tail. Whatever the form, it
remains a perfect circle.

Background: The Gyre is a potent symbol of
rebirth and renewal. It has inspired Garou in Harano
to once again take up the cause.

Storytelling Notes: Happening upon a Gyre in
the Umbra is a rare a portentous occasion. It is gener-
ally taken as a sign of change and rebirth. They often
heralded the birth of ancient Garou leaders.

Chatterer

Ladon pulled a small trinket from her robes. "What's
that?" asked Redsong.

Chapter Three: Wyld Children

"The ear bones of an owl, preserved in amber." In the
distance, a breeze carried afaint noise to the pair. "You will
be able to see the Chatterer, but not hear it."

"Why can't I hear it? The Howler freakin' deafened
me and you didn't object to that."

"Because, if I decide to return you to your grandmother,
I do not want you to be insane." The noise grew, sounding
like harsh laughter mixed with the screech of nails on a
chalkboard. "One cannot hear the voice of the Wyld and
remain sane. Do not speak to the Chatterer. Do not make a
sound. The talen will protect us fora short time, butits power
isnotinfinite. The Wyld's power is." Ladon whispered to the
charm of amber and bone, then crushed it in her hands

Noise ended. Redsong looked to the distance, where
the sound had been coming from. The mists parted as if
afraid of what was coming. She saw the Chatterer. It was
like an enormous slug, the size of a large horse. It was
covered from tip to tail in mouths. Thousands of mouths.
Each of them speaking, singing, laughing, crying, mocking.
Redsong had walked into a Hive. She was no untested cub.
And this scared her. She held her breath, afraid to breathe.

Willpower 5, Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Essence 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Re-form, Scream
of the Wyld, Shatter Glass, Short Out, Umbraquake

* Scream of the Wyld: This feared ability is
possessed solely by the Chatterer. Its thousands of
mouths sing in chaotic harmonies that drive anyone
who hears them mad. Anyone hearing the Scream of
the Wyld must roll Willpower (difficulty 9). If they
succeed, they suffer from an immediate fox frenzy and
a bout of temporary insanity for 10 minus Willpower
days. (See Chapter Four.) Those who fail are afflicted
with a form of insanity permanently (though spending
a point of permanent Willpower can drop the effect to
atemporary bout lasting 10 minus Willpower months).
If they botch, they become a gibbering incoherent
mess, incapable of any movement or coherent thought
for the rest of their natural lives.

Image: An enormous gray slug, covered in mouths.
Some mouths are human. Others animal. Others...
something else.

Background: The Wyld created the Chatterer out
of rage and despair when the Weaver trapped the
Wyrm in its webs. Itwanders the deepest recesses of the
Umbra, screaming out its rage and anger.

Storytelling Notes: The Chatterer is an excep-
tionally nasty spirit. Itcan be used as the focus of a story
without ever actually appearing. Perhaps an ally or
even a mentor of the player characters accidentally
heard the scream of the Chatterer, and has temporarily
(or worse, permanently) gone mad. The players must
stop their friend, without harming them, and then find
some way to reverse the madness.

|

Tiktfert

Once the creature passed, Redsong's hearing returned.
She turned to Ladon. "That was... awful."

"The Wyld is not always pretty flowers and dewy-
eyed, harmless rabbits."

"Hey, [know that. I've seen some really nasty gorgons.
I get the picture. But that was—"

"The second most fearsome Wyld creature I have
witnessed."

"Second? Second?!?"

Salm yourself. Look to the Horizon."

"Is that the first?"

"No. It is Change." Redsong could hear the capital
letter when Ladon spoke. In the distance, an immense
whirlwind blew. "It is called the Twister. Whatever it
touches is changed. Sometimes in the body. Sometimes in
the mind. Sometimes in the spirit."

Willpower 8, Rage 8, Gnosis 9, Essence 27

Charms: The Twister's set of Charms changes
with every passing second. Whatever other powers it
po: es, it always has the Break Reality charm.

Image: A whirlwind of wind and energy.

Background: In ancient times, the Twister took
the remains of things destroyed by the Wyrm and
changed them into something new and different. When
the Weaver trapped the Wyrm, the Twister lost its
purpose. It now randomly wanders in and out of the
Umbra. In the past, it has been responsible for rains of
toads and transporting people halfway around the world.

Storytelling Notes: The Twister gives player char-
acters the opportunity to have a different sort of
adventure. Many foes of the Garou can be fought.
With a Twister, all they can do is get out of the way. It
ives the players a chance to "fight" a (super)natural
saster, something that takes more than claws and
Klaives to defeat.

The Natefa

Redsongasked Ladon. "If that was the second nastiest,
what is the worst?"

Ladlon looked over at the young werewolf. The fear in
her eyes was almost gone. Instead, a new light shone. The
light of the Wyld. "T will tell you.

"The most terrifying spirit of the Wyld has no name
Itcamnot, for names give order and reason to a thing, be it
a person, a werewolf or a spirit. The Ones-Who-Fave-
No-Name cannot be named. Their power is too great
They have no limits. They have no boundaries. They are
the Wyld incarnate."

Ladon looked to the horizon. "The humans have told
tales that when mortals looked into the faces of their gods,
they burst into flame, or they went mad. Or some other

84 Book of the Wyld

OE TE TT TE

unspeakable ending happened to them. Those tales touch
what it is to know the nameless.

"I carry amemory in my mind: the memory of Kasara,
one of our greatest heroes. Once, the forces of the Designer
attempted to capture one of the Nameless, to force a name
uponit. From the distance, she watched and saw the Chaos
Monitors try to snare it in their webs. Terrible forces made
war that day. They swarmed all over the Nameless' protean
form, trying to force it to keep a single shape. In the end, the
Nameless was injured, dying. Its powers were waning. So
it did the only thing it could. It chose the smallest of its foes,
a tiny Pattern Spider. It took the Spider's name from it.

"That was the last thing Kasara ever saw. In that
moment, a fundamental force of creation was unleashed.
The bond between a creature and its name is more difficult
tosunder than the forces holding matter together. A philoso-
pher would say they are the same thing. The Nameless One
died, but it died free."

Willpower 9, Rage 10, Gnosis 9, Essence 30

Charms: All non-Weaver/non-Wyrm charms,
Taking The Name

* Taking The Name: This is the Nameless One's
ultimate power, the one it reserves for a last-ditch
effort. By taking the name from an entity, the Name-
less One looses the internal spiritual forces that hold a
creature together. In effect, it is splitting the spiritual
nature ofa thing, much in the way an atom bomb splits
anatom. The result is an enormous destructive explo-
sion, on both the spiritual and physical planes. The
Nameless One expends all of its remaining Essence
and rolls that dice pool in a roll opposed by the target's
Willpower. If the target gets more successes, it survives
the onslaught, and the Nameless One perishes. If the
Nameless One gets more successes, it dies, but in the
process of removing the target's name, the target
explodes in a burst of primal energy. The explosion is
akin toanuclear weapon's detonation. The Storyteller
should use her best judgement as to how that affects
anyone in the area, but instant death is a pretty clean
way to go.

Image: A shapeless entity, unable to hold a single
form. It constantly moves and undulates in chaotic
pattern. Just as it cannot hold a single shape, its size
also varies from as small as a person to as large as a
house. It has seven limbs, then none. It has no
then ten thousand.

Background: The Nameless aresome of the Wyld's
most powerful spirits, created millennia ago before the
Weaver had named everything. When the Weaver
began naming things, the Wyld hid some of its crea-
tures, knowing that giving these spirits names would
sap their powers. The Wyld also gave them the power
to take away something's name, knowing that should


the Triat go to war some eon, that it would need such
powerful creations.

Storytelling Notes: The Nameless are rare and
powerful spirits, not something one would encounter
except in the deepest reaches of the Umbra, far from the
Weaver's webs. They travel up and down in the Umbra,
never visiting the same place more than once. Their
power makes them a tactical threat in the war of the
Apocalypse, one that all forces would wish to control.
Naturally, it's impossible to control them. They think
on levels other creatures cannot comprehend.

ion of the Nvuee

"Sounds awful," said Redsong. "What're you going to
show me next?"

"T tell you this so that you may trust me. I tell you this
because I can still dream of a better future. I will show you
the most precious thing I know."

"Look, I'm... I'm sorry," stammered Redsong.

"A good start, young one," continued Ladon. "I don't
think I remember hearing that in a long time. You give me
that which I will now share with you. Behold!"

The mists that surrounded the two women swirled
faster and faster. As she looked, Redsong could see the mists
breaking up, splitting into shapes. As she watched, the
changed in colors, sparkling and flashing. The beauty
caused her to smile; the first one that had cracked her face
ina long time. "What are they?"

"The Wyld is a force of creativity. It is more than the
birthing of new creatures. Itis the birthing of new ideas. The
creation of thoughts not yet conceived in the hearts of
humankind. It is hope."

As the spirits danced in front of her, they started to sing
in the language of spirits. Redsong fell to her knees,
entranced by the lights and sounds. "It's beautiful."

"Thank you," whispered the spirits in harmony. "We
see the beauty in your soul blooming forth. We are happy.
Use the gift we give you." The spirits spun themselves
around Redsong. Her eyes glowed with the light of the
spirits, and then they flitted away

Redsong gasped, "The song. It's beautiful. It's all in
my head now. They wrote a song for me?"

"No, child. You did. They merely... helped. They are
the children of the Muses."

"Thank you, Ladon," said Redsong.

"Thank you, Redsong. Now retum to your grand-
mother. Remember the Wyld, for it is in you."

"Twill."

Willpower 4, Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Essence 18

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Muse, Re-form
* Muse: By spending a point of Essence, the Muse
can temporarily lenda point of Performance to the target.

This can be used to create a new work of art, be ita song,
adance, a poem or a story. Any form of expression.

Image: The Children of the Muses appear as misty
balls of light. To some, they appear as beautiful women,
made of light and the voices of angels.

Background: The Muse spirits are ancient allies of
the Black Furies. They believe that the Muses taught
the first Medusa how to sing, and gave other ancient
Fury Galliards the inspiration needed to invent music,
dance and poetry. Other Garou believe that, while
Muses certainly do inspire artists on to greater works,
that people (Garou and humans) invented art itself

Storytelling Notes: Galliards often search for
Muses in the Umbra. However, the Muses choose their
beneficiaries well. Unscrupulous artists, (including
more than a few Garou) have attempted to capture
Muses to force them to give them ideas. They can be
imprisoned in fetishes and forced to give their gift of
inspiration. Black Furies who hear of this give new
meaning to the term "bloody vengeance" for those
who try such things.

eee

Some time later. Redsong walked out of the cave, head
held high. "Greetings, Grandmother."

"You seem well, granddaughter."

"Tam well. I see things so much more clearly now."
Redsong looked to the sky, hearing the song in her heart
The clouds parted as the two werewolves walked. Millions
of stars sparkled in the clear night sky. Redsong looked with
her inner eye, and could see the red star, pulsingin the night.
"L revere the Wyld, for it is in me."

Two werewolves padded back over the rocky plains,

side by side.

Cheating Gorgon

Although the various gorgons we've listed in the
chapter are a good start, it wouldn't do to get too reliant
on them. After all, the Wyld is meant to be infinitely
creative — so it would seem silly that only a few breeds
of Wyld-critter are commonly seen. Sure, gorgons are
so rare that unless a chronicle is focused on the Wyld,
it's unlikely that a pack would see even half of those
listed here. But new and different are keywords when
it comes to the Wyld; hence, these guidelines for
gorgons of the Storyteller's own devising.

"The most important thing when creatinga gorgon
is to get the feel right. A gorgon should never come
across as "a different flavor of fomor;" that defeats the
whole purpose. Where fomori should be disturbing in
an unsettling, malicious way, gorgons should be dis-
turbing because of their surreal, not-quite-right quali-

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 85

a SE AD SN


ties. They should seem vibrant and chaotic, yet not so
alien that they seem to have no place on the planet.

As you may have already noticed, a number of
gorgons draw their inspiration from critters out of real-
world folktales, from the strange beasties out of Appa-
lachian mountain-folk stories to urban legend. There
are plenty more stories where these came from; such
tales feature everything from hoop-snakes to huge
carnivorous terrestrial shellfish that imitate small cab-
ins to lure in prey. (No kidding.) Obviously, some
would make better gorgons than others, but for sheer
weirdness, these stories are hard to beat. Browse around
in the folktale section of a bookstore or library some-
time; you might be surprised at what you find.

Bae Form

Gorgons are never created from human stock;
perhaps it's a result of humans falling too far from the
Wyld's influence, or perhaps the Wyld just refuses to
deal with the Weaver's pet monkeys. (Similarly, the
Wyld refuses to create gorgons from anything "too
like" a human; that means no gorgons that were once
changelings, undead, mummies or whatever.) This
does cause a bit of a difficulty when it comes time to
assign the base Traits of the form.

One potential source for base forms is the listing of
animals in the Werewolf Storytellers Companion;
this isa good start for a gorgon that used to be a raven,
wolf, alligator or other "interesting" animal. The Sto-
ryteller should assign three (or perhaps more) extra
dice to the animal's Attributes, to represent the extra
ability that the spirit imbues.

When dealing with the inanimate made animate,
however, things get much more difficult. How much
Strength should an oak tree have? How much Cha-
risma? Here the Storyteller may simply have to guess-
timate. A quick-start rule of thumb might be to assign
a gorgon Strength and Stamina levels based on its
weight according to the Feats of Strength table
(Werewolf, pg. 197). For instance, if a gorgon's base
form were a statue weighing 1200 pounds, it would
have an effective Strength and Stamina of 9. Its
Dexterity score would depend on its degree of actual
animation (if any); its Perception would depend on
the senses available to it, and so on.

Most gorgons should also have a Gnosis Trait;
unlike fomori and Drones, they are rather closer to the
energy of the spirit world. Willpower would also be
helpful. Again, use the gorgon's nature to help deter-
mine the rough starting point; a stone should probably
have very high Willpower to represent its durability,
while a body of water should likely have high Gnosis,

given the mystical qualities we associate with water.

Ultimately, it probably will come down to guess-
work. But that's just fine. If the numbers seem screwy
once the gorgon goes into action, chalk it up to a
"rushed design" and remember what you'd want to
change for the next time. Even if you use the same
"type" of gorgon twice, they still don'thave to have the
same Traits. It's the Wyld we're talking about, afterall.

Powers

The real difficulty lies in giving gorgons actual
powers. This difficulty doesn't stem from a lack of
choices —far from it. Anything can wind up as a gorgon
power, so longs it doesn't reek too strongly of Weaver
or Wyrm abilities. Gifts, Charms, fomori powers, fetish
abilities — you name it, the Wyld can probably do it.
The only limitation is that powers of creation and
alteration should predominate, and powers of outright
corruption, total destruction, preservation or calcifica-
tion should probably not appear at all. So where to start?

Gorgons, never being created from human stock,
are naturally not subject to the Delirium. They likely
inflict lethal damage with their attacks, unless the
Storyteller feels their natural weaponry is sufficiently
(read: supernaturally) potent to cause the kind of
massive tissue trauma that merits aggravated damage.
In most cases, gorgons should be able to soak bashing,
lethal and aggravated damage equally; the exception
would be gorgons that have no particular excuse to be
resilient, such as the cheetah/antelope crossbreed
mentioned earlier in this chapter. (The tiger/wolf,
however, as a nasty killing machine, should probably
gain the ability to soak all forms of damage equally.)

A gorgon should have a number of powers based
on its rarity, theoretical purpose and general place in
the "hierarchy" of Wyld servitors. In other words, its
powers should depend on its dramatic utility. A mas-
sive beast meant to threaten an entire town should
probably have seven to ten powers; a harrying nui-
sance needs only one or two, if any. Again, there's no
right answer, so relax and have fun.

The following fomori powers from the Werewolf
rulebook (pp. 276-278, briefly summarized here) are
exceptionally useful for creating gorgons. Note that
some of their abilities should probably be given to
certain types of gorgons for free; it would be silly for
"Armored Hide" to countas one of the powers given to
a gorgon whose host body is made of rock.

* Armored Hide (3 extra soak dice, may soak
aggravated damage at difficulty 6)

* Berserker (gains Rage trait of 5)

© Bestial Mutation (+2 to each Physical At-
tribute, Appearance drops to 0)

86 Book of the Wyld

Uf. Ps ET TT,  etierieeey 7 /


{

* Claws and Fangs (bite or claw attacks inflict
Strength + 1 aggravated damage)

© Extra Limbs (3 bonus dice for grappling)

* Gift (may take one Level One or Two lupus,
bash, Theurge, Black Fury or Red Talon Gift)

* Regeneration (as Garou for bashing and lethal
damage; can heal one aggravated health level per day)

Ra

© Twisted Senses (may peer across the Gauntlet;
roll Perception vs. Gauntlet rating)

© Unnatural Strength (+4 Strength)

In addition, here are a few more powers that work
awfully well for gorgons.

¢ Bulky — The gorgon is unusually large for its
former breed. It gains three additional health levels,
two at the OK level and one at the -1 level.

© Charming —The gorgon gains two extra dice of
Charisma and Manipulation, and Expression 4. This is
often paired with another power (such as a Gift) that
can take advantage of the gorgon's charm.

© Plasmic Form — The gorgon can transform
itself into a gooey, liquid mass. While in this state, it
cannot be affected by physical blows, cuts or other
kinetic-based attacks — only attacks such as fire or
Gift use can hurt it. It is also able to seep through any
opening the size of a keyhole or larger.

© Resilient — The gorgon's spirit nature runs
strong within it, making it highly resistant to damage.
The gorgon may soak bashing, lethal or aggravated
damage, all at difficulty 6.

© Step Sideways — The gorgon is able to step
sideways, just as Garou do.

Jaryple Coorgon — Sewer Ciafor

A fairly simple creation, this gorgon is an example of
the Storyteller taking an urban legend and tying it deeply
into the Wyld. The inspiration comes from the concept
of the "urban Wyld," of things and places close under
humanity's noses and yet still untamed and dangerous.

A variant of Sewer Gators has appeared before, one
tied to the Leeches of the city sewers. However, this
particular urban legend was chosen for a couple of
reasons. For one, the gorgon version benefits from a
credible extra level of intelligence that an actual super-
natural animal wouldn't possess; this gives the beast a
greater potential to be a cunning stalker, rather than
adhering to a simple "lurker" hunting style. What's
more, its potent spirit power makes it a much greater
threat to a solitary werewolf — and its ties to the Wyld
make ita potential threat to any shapeshifter character
who coats himself too much in the Weaver's energies.

The base statistics were taken from the Werewolf
Storytellers Companion; the Storyteller chose to aug-
ment the critter's Dexterity and Intelligence, to make
ita more effective stalker. The Storyteller also decided
that it should have only moderate Gnosis, to reflect its
aptitude for combat, but that its Willpower should
reflect the legendary stubbornness of alligators.

Finally, the Storyteller chose powers to beef up the
Sewer Gator's combat ability, as well as the Gift: Blur
of the Milky Eye to make it even more frightening in
its "stalker" role. The Armored Hide power adds to the
alligator's existing two-die armor rating, making it a
y resilient brute. The Storyteller decided that the
Gator's bite should do aggravated damage on account
of its sheer nastiness, but that the tail should only be
upgraded to lethal (from the bashing damage a normal
crocodilian would inflict). Finally, the Storyteller de-
cided that the Sewer Gator should be able to soak all
forms of damage equally well. With that, a particularly
brutal twist on an urban legend is born, and the Wyld
is that much better-equipped to further its purpose in
the urban underground...

Attributes: Strength 8, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4, Per-
ception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 2, Stealth 3
Rage: 5; Gnosis: 4; Willpower: 7

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -2, -2,-5,
Incapacitated

Powers: Armored Hide, Berserker, Bulky, Gift (Blur
of the Milky Eye), Unnatural Strength

Armor: Five soak dice

Attacks: Strength +1 bite; Strength +2 spin (damage
inflicted every turn + drowning effects); Strength + 1
tail lash (lethal)

Image: Unsurprisingly, the Sewer Gator looks
much like an American alligator, only greatly in-
creased in size. Its eyes burn with surprising energy, and
its tail twitches even when it's standing still. When it
moves, it explodes into action.

Background: The Sewer Gator is born as a re-
sponse to the stifling energy of the Weaver in the
cities; it lurks underneath the innermost city blocks,
where law and order are at their weakest. The Sewer
Gator isa relentless hunter, and is quite fond of human
flesh. It may have been noticed by a nest of Ratkin,
who in all likelihood would "adopt" it as an avatar of
their patron Wyld, potentially feeding it "offerings" of
captive enemies or trying to lead it to intruders.

Chapter Three: Wyld Children 87

A SE ED POY A AEE

|


What bt the Wy?

Yes, we've spent the last few chapters telling you
roughly what purpose the Wyld serves and how it
works in the World of Darkness. But is the version
we've presented the one you want to use? That's the
question you have to answer before you begin
storytelling the Wyld as a major player in your
chronicle. What is it, what role does it play in your
game, and how does it interact with the characters?

First of all, you need to establish which aspect or
aspects of the Wyld you intend to highlight in your
chronicle. Why are you using it, and to what end? Is it
on the characters' side, fighting against them, or a
mysterious third player off in the distance? How in-
volved will it be? Is there something it wants, and how
can the characters change its role? Figuring this out go
a long way toward determining what you can use for
antagonists andallies during the course of the chronicle,
as well as laying ground rules for settings and locations.

That being said, the Wyld is perhaps the most
difficult member of the Triat to quantify and work into
a game, and doing so well takes a lot of work. Then
again, if it were easily tamed and pigeonholed, it
wouldn't be Wyld now, would it?

Pony 70 Bear to Mod
Toa Wyle ls Unpresbctabfa

At its most basic level, the Wyld is generative
chaos. In other words, it has no rules, because really,
what rules are there to the idea of creation? However,
it's one thing to state that the Wyld has no tules, quite
another to display this in a roleplaying game that is
bound by, well, a set of rules

The great advantage of the Wyld's chaotic nature
is the sheer freedom that it allows a Storyteller. After
all, it can bring forth anything, in any form, for any
purpose. Any monstrous or beatific hybrid, any crea-
ture or effect from imagination or nightmare — they
can manifest from the creative principle, and that's

enough reason for them to exist in a Wyld-bas
chronicle. On the other hand, just because the po
bility is there doesn't mean that exploring every nook

and cranny it presents is necessarily a good idea. New
antagonists for yout players' characters are one thing;
new antagonists that look like homicidal snack foods
or befanged teddy bears (Why? Because they can!) is
entirely another, inferior one

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos 89

TE. EE ee Pe SE NN


The Wilh lt Not Nice...

.-nor should it be expected to be. The Wyld
serves its own interests. It is entirely capable of grati-
tude, kindness and gentility, but also just as capable of
cruelty, vengeance and even fatal indifference. Ex-
pecting the Wyld to behave in human, or even Garou
fashion is a mistake. It has an agenda that transcends
any pack's plans and schemes, and takes what steps are
necessary to enact that. While Garou that are instru-
mental to the Wyld's schemes may be protected and
rewarded, expecting such behavior is a foolish and
dangerous habit to get into.

Furthermore, assuming that the Wyld is going to
do the sensible thing and protect its assets isn't
necessarily the wisest idea either. Logic and uncon-
trolled expression have never had that good a work-
ing relationship. In other words, the only thing to
expect is the unexpected.

The WWyff) Lt Not Phare
Jor Vor Bengff

The Wyld does not exist to help individual
werewolves, or even whole packs out. Indeed, the
express opposite is the case. Characters who lean too
heavily on the Wyld forassistance should discover that
they're not necessarily worth the Wyld's time if they
keep asking for favors. Afterall, it's hardly ina position
to be handing too many of them out, and it's not going
towaste its time with those who can'thelp themselves.

The Wyfil le Vital.

This can be taken in two ways, both of which are
important. The first is that the Wyld is indeed vital to
the universe as a whole; without it, there is only
stagnation and decay. That means that no matter how
badly the Wyld or its minions behave, Garou still have
acertain responsibility to keep it around and healthy.
Depending on how a chronicle progresses, characters
may find themselves ina position where they're forced
to defend something that's treated them poorly — or
else suffer greater consequences

The other meaning is that the Wyld is, in a very
real sense, alive and ever-changing. Expecting the
Wyld to show the same face every time it makes its
presence known is foolish. The Wyld has an infinite
number of ways in which it can express itself, and
Storytellers should feel free to take advantage of this.
Presenting players with a wide array of expressions of
Wyld nature can keep them on their toes, and make
the characters start to take a much harder look at their

90 Book of the Wyld

[POPE Pe TT, ATs TT OS

Jhattertag Precovceppion

Ivcan be very easy, given the current state of
the Triat, to think of the Wyldas "the good guy"
among the three forces. After all, the Weaver is
busily trying to ensnare all of reality into neat,
ordered packets, and the Wyrm's minions, well,
they speak for themselves. That leaves the rap-
idly vanishing Wyld as the victim of this play,
the tragic hero whose moral rectitude goes un-
questioned because the bad guys want to put an
end to it.

Now, there is a certain validity to this view-
point, and a great many successful Werewolf
chronicles can be run using this as the underpin-
nings. Few people are going to argue against the
idea that fomori are mean, evil and nasty, and
deserve to be summarily removed from the food
chain. However, this is certainly not the only way
to look at Werewolf cosmology, and if you limit
yourself to that approach, you're cutting yourself
off from a great many potential stories.

A further concern is your players' approach
to the cosmology. If they lock onto the notion of
Wyld-as-good-guy and refuse to look at any
alternative perspectives, you may face rebellion
when you unveil the Wyld's nastier side. After
all, "that's not the way it's supposed to be," in
their minds, and there's every chance they'll dig
their heels in and refuse to deal with situations
that don't fit their preconceived vision of the
way the world works. This can be problematic,
to say the least.

It's a good idea, therefore, to warn your play-
ers going in to keep an open mind. If you can, use
some foreshadowing techniques demonstrating
that unrestrained growth and chaos can have a
down side — kudzu and cancer are both prime
examples. And don't be afraid to make the char-
acters pay for stubbornly adhering to their preju-
dices about the Wyld in the face of available
evidence. The werewolf who's so sure that the
Wyld is his ally, even in the face of a ravening,
chaotic monstrosity, deserves to take it on the
chin, if not in the shorts.

surroundings. Also, it reinforces the notion of the
Wyld as generative chaos — if it appears in the same
form every time, there's nothing particularly Wyld
about it, is there?


Sheer semaremraimrwasermrmnsemninSatn aA
Awd Pious fle Myf friendly, gentle stuff, there's a whole lot more out there

Lh Not Conf that falls into the Wyld's bailiwick. After all, unre-
strained growth is, insome circles, just another name for

Yes, the Wyld is perfectly capable of creating cancer. Watch the uninhibited reproduction of kudzu
meadows of rolling green hills and gentle flowers. It strangle a forest. Check out a coast that's been over-
can make cuddly bunnies and beautiful butterflies. Ix. whelmed by an uncontrolled plankton bloom
can do all of these thin known as a red tide. Creation without limits

Just don't think that's all it can do. profoundly vicious and ugly. Willfully
The Wyld is, blind eye to this aspect of the Wyld can hat

boundaries in the f narily painful consequences for characters, and can

sence of
t's about

after all, about an utter ¢
e of the creative impulse

i drastically reduce the
number of story op-
tionsavailable for
Storytellers.

unrestrained creation.
And while part of the
spectrum that
coversincludes <

the nice, p
pretty,

.


Nood and) Verse

Trying to establish a single mood or theme for a
Wyld-based chronicle is, by definition, problematic.
More than any of the other aspects of the Triat, the
Wyld is multifaceted, and resists being boiled down to
single-word concepts and themes. Instead, there are
myriad themes and moods that can be extracted from
the notion of a Wyld-centric chronicle, each of which
is valid and sustainable.

U the Wild ht Nurturtag..

..then the mood of the game can be a gentler,
more fragile one. Themes of protection, of generation
—say, if the pack has to protect a rare, fledgling spirit
ora representative of a new species that the Wyld has
just brought forth —are central to this kind of chronicle.
There are still plenty of opportunities for savage com-
bat in chronicles of that sort, but in those instances the
scrum revolves around protecting something from
harm. The pack may even develop feelings of tender-
ness towards whatever — or whoever — they're sup-
posed to be protecting, which can certainly suffuse the
mood of the game with positive feeling. Of course, it
can also bring in nearly unprecedented levels of anxi-
ety if that object of affection is threatened, but such
moments serve as stark relief to the overall mood of the
game. Most games don't need this particular focus,
given that Gaia usually fills the role of "nurturing spirit
patron," but it might be an interesting twist to a game
that features no Gaia per se, but rather just the Triat....

Ui the Wyfd bs Savage...

...then your players are in for it. If your chronicle
deals with the uncontrolled, cancerous aspect of the
Wyld, then you're working with themes of rampant
growth and suffocation, of swarming and overwhelm-
ing life. The mood of such games should often be
frantic, as the pack races to avoid being overwhelmed
or subsumed. With the Wyld's propensity for popping
up in every corner and cranny, there should be an
element of paranoia to the game as well. The players
will never know where the next threat is coming from
or where asafe place to rest can be found, and a steadily
quickening pace of assaults can help accelerate this
shift in mood nicely. Use the limitless possibilities of
the sorts of things that the Wyld can come up with to
keep your players off-balance and their characters
nervous. If they don't know where it's coming from,
what's coming or when it's coming next (not to men-
tion how many are coming, how many waves there are
and what it's going to take to stop them), sooner or

92 Book of the Wyld

POE TT TT TS

later they're going to wind up in a nicely frantic
headspace — and that's what this aspect of the Wyld
is all about.

UT be Wipf Ie Sibert...

...then the mood can alternate between the ex-
amples laid out previously, or go down a whole new
path of paranoia and suspicion. What's really going
on? What's going to come crawling out of the wood-
work once the Wyld's plans come to fruition? And
who's side is it going to be on? The themes for a
chronicle of this sort are edgier, mostly related to
discovery, realization and investigation. As the pack
slowly unravels what the Wyld's influence really means
(regardless of whether it's the major player or just a
secondary plot influence), the decision of whether to
support or block its aims can serve as a major focus for
roleplaying. And each new bit of evidence can stir up
the debate that much more, with offers being made
under the table pro and con, and the pack's trust of one
another potentially becoming a casualty of war...

Chronicles of this sort can be very difficult to
balance, and can easily slide into one of the other two
types mentioned. However, for as long as you can
maintain your balance on the narrative tightrope, with
the characters not knowing what the Wyld's role is or
if they should be trying to stop it, the intensity of this
flavor of game can be very satisfying indeed.

The Wild ay

Itis more traditional for Garou to look to the Wyld
as, ifnot anally, then at least not an enemy. Garou are
the protectors of the Wyld, at least as things stand, and
as such there is a natural ease about creating stories
wherein the two are working toward the same end.
This gives both you, as Storyteller and your players a
more familiar toolkit to work with, and allows for fast,
accessible stories.

The questions youneed toask if you're Storytelling
from this angle, however, are "What does the Wyld get
from the relationship?" and "What do the Garou get?"
If it's nothing more than "They're together because
they're supposed to be," then you need to dig a little
deeper. Decide for yourself why the Wyld wants this
particular pack working for or with it. Figure out what
the pack gets by doing so, whether it be instruction,
completion of a quest assigned to them, or just the
simple satisfaction of having put a dull stick in the
Wyrm's eye. And if there are strong motivations on
both sides, then your story is that much tighter for it.


AthicAy

If there's one thing the Wyld should probably not
be, it's passive. If the Garou are going to be scrapping
with minions of the Wyrm and Weaver, odds are that
at least some of the scions of the Wyld are going to
want to be in there, getting a piece of the action
themselves. Mind you, this may not always be what the
Garou want. After all, there's go guarantee that the
Wyld's help is going to be all that beneficial. In fact, it
just might cause more trouble than it's worth.

Then again, the pack might be going up against
something too big for them, and the assistance of one
of the powers of the Triat just might come in handy.
Asking for it, though, could be just as dangerous as
what they're up against without it. Even with the Wyld
on your side, it's never easy.

Sory Voeat

* The Great and Powerful Oz — The Wyrm and
the Weaver don't play fair. If they did, the Triat
wouldn't currently be in the situation that it's in. Asa
result, there's every chance that a pack is going to be
faced with something that is, to put it bluntly, way out
of their league. If they try to go it alone, they're going
to get squashed like bugs.

In other words, they need help, and the likeliest
place to turn is the Wyld. However, that doesn't mean
that the Wyld is going to be waiting with figurative
open arms, ready to pile the pack up with all sorts of
metaphysical goodies. Instead, it's possible that the
Wyld (or the powerful Wyld-spirit to whom the char-
acters are appealing for aid) will want some sort of
proof of intention and capability. That means going
out and performing some sort of quest for the Wyld,
which can be potentially as arduous as the task the
characters are requesting help for. It can also serve as
an extended story-within-a-story, one which can get
so involving that the characters can find themselves
concentrating on it to the detriment of their original
purpose. But whether they realize that in time or not is
a whole other set of stories...

The help that the Wyld gives doesn't have to be
in a predictable form, either. In fact, your players
might be disappointed if it is. Anything from fe-
tishes and talens to knowledge of rites and Gifts to
allies (expected and otherwise) can fit the bill. So
can bits of useful knowledge, connections to other
Storyteller characters or groups, or even directions
to a place that might hold the key to ultimate
victory. Then again, the Wyld's help might take the
form of a surprise to everyone involved, even the
Garou, and how they react to that can springboard
a whole new story as well.

* House of the Spirits — Working with the Wyld
doesn't necessarily mean wading hip-deep in gore, a
gorgon at your side. Instead, a spirit-based approach
can work as well. The pack could be working with
Wyld spirits to reclaim an area infested by the Weaver's
influence — but on the condition that they do so
without causing Wyrm-friendly carnage. Perhaps the
Garou are clearing Umbral pathways of the undue
influence of other members of the Triat, or maybe they
just have some Wyld spirits to placate for accidental
outrages committed in the past.

This sort of story can serve as nice counterpoint to
more action-oriented chronicles, and a reminder that
the Wyld does indeed have facets besides the obvious.
It also encourages characters to take alternate ap-
proaches to problems, ones that might come in handy
in future storylines. After all, rending everything in
sight isn't always the solution.

¢ Butt Kicking — Then again, sometimes rend-
ing everything in sight is the right thing to do.
There's nothing wrong with a straight-ahead, pedal
to the metal slugfest where the characters are going
toe to toe with fomori and other minions of the
Wyrm. Afterall, who doesn't love a good brawl once
in awhile? Kicking monster butt is fun, ecologically
sound and a good release for tension, after all.
There's certainly also nothing wrong with giving
the pack some help ina situation like this. After all,
the Wyld has very good reason for wanting various
Wyrmspawn dead, so it only makes sense for it to
help out when the fur starts flying.

The trick is to avoid using the Wyld as a deus ex
machina, obliterating the opposition because the fomor
hasn't yet been spawned that can stand up to a power
of the Triat. That doesn't mean, however, that it's fun
for your players to stand there and watch the Wyld
blow all of the bad guys away. Instead, the assistance
they get should be scaled to the situation. Maybe it's a
talen or two that can turn the tide ina tight spot, or an
extra bit of Gnosis that comes out of nowhere (but
which makes the Garou in question beholden to the
Wyld...). Then again, maybe it's an actual ally —a
Mokolé who comes crashing out of the bush to lend a
hand when things seem blackest, or another character
that attaches herself to the pack "coincidentally" just
before the ruckus starts. But as long as it's the pack
doing the brunt of the work, not the Storyteller char-
acter, then the balance is fine.

best of Profection

With the Wyld in such a precarious position, it's
no wonder that, on occasion, Garou are called upon to
protect specific aspects or manifestations thereof. In

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos 93

ee a eee es ee ee Ee


many ways, thisis theclassic Werewolf plot—defend- ters that allows the minions of the Wyrm to uncover
ing a wild place against those who would ravage it. this treasure? What are the consequences of failure?
Then again, just because it's something intrinsic to How do the Garou try to defend this place — stand-up
Werewolf doesn't mean that ithas tobe bland. Protec- defense or guerrilla warfare? And what happens if they

tion can be accomplished in all sorts of ways. lose? The consequences — for both the Wyld and the

Lory loca Garou themselves —could be dire. Not only have they
produce aisle) to the more ac-
to be protected — and

lost something of value to the Wyrm, but disappointed
Wyld spirits may come looking for vengeance.

tion-oriented (a young man

with a great destiny ahead of

that may not realize it

needs to be — can be a

AA comedy and high adventure can combine. If the pack i
) e ; F Help Me! — Imagine this scenario: The pack is
is given the task to guard an individual, rare species or ,
minding its own business when suddenly a dying,
other creature/spirit/whatever beloved of the Wyld, all ieee vias
) tattered spirit of the Wyld manifests to them. With its
sorts of strangeness can ensue. Depending upon how
dim or innocent you want to make the object of
protection, it can constantly wander into all sorts of :
misadventures from which the pack must extricate it.
him is seduced/lured off by
ries of

* Guarding the Fragile — Here is where low

These can range from the wacky (say, if they're guard-
ing a surviving mastodon that de-

cides to charge into a supermar-

ket and start gorging itself on the

minions of the Wyrm).

Either way, the pack's
work protecting some-
thing that may not want

never-endings
adventures.

° The Last
Wyld Place —
Somewhere,
there's a Wyld
place. Beautiful,
remote and un-
touched by human
hands, it pours forth
its radiance into the
world.

And now the min-
ions of the Wyrm are
coming forit, with only
the Garoustandingin
their way. \

This sort of story
may be practically the
archetypal Werewolf plot, but
there are plenty of variations that
can be worked in to create some-
thing unexpected. What ifit's a
mistake by one of the charac-

94

tel

last few words (or gestures, or other metaphysical
means of communication) it imparts to them the
knowledge that something has gone horribly wrong...
and then passes on. This sort of story is more of a
detective mystery than anything else, as the pack
needs to piece together what is happening, where it's
happening and what they can do to stop it. What the
clues are, however, is up to you. Friendly (and un-
friendly) spirits, enforcers warning the pack to back off
and so on —all of the elements of mystery fiction can
be worked into this sort of tale.

The Wild at Eneny

The Wyldisnoone'sfriend. While itmay aidGarou
in their attempts to rein in the Wyrm, it is certainly not
aforce for good, truth and beauty that can be relied upon
to work and play well with others. It, like the other two
legs of the Triat, is an elemental force, a ravening,
mindless thing that ideally, is held in check only by the
equal and opposite appetites of the Wyrm and Weaver.
Durrent circumstances may have the Wyld back on its
heels a bit, but that doesn't mean that its got a sweet
disposition, or that it is bound to be nice.

In other words, the Wyld can make a cracking
good bad guy.

The best reason to use the Wyld as an antagonist
in your chronicle is "why not?" For one thing, using
the Wyld as a villain can do wonders to shake up a
chronicle — for good or for ill, there are only somany
fomori you can send your characters after before you
run the risk of routine setting in. Throwing a Wyld-
based opponent against the pack when the players are
expecting same old, same old is going to throw them
for a loop. It might even get the characters thinking
about their allegiances and worldview, and that can
lead to some very interesting roleplaying as well
After all, a Garou who's spent her entire life defend-
ing the Wyld places but who nearly gets eviscerated
by an angry gorgon just might reconsider her career
choices. And even if she doesn't think about it
consciously, her relationship to the Wyld — and to
the universe around her — is bound to change in
subtle, yet fascinating ways.

Furthermore, by its very nature the
Wyld gives a Storyteller a
whole new arsenal of
tools to play with.
Throwing the em-
bodiment of cre-
ation up against
the characters
means that
you can pull
all sorts of
things outof your
hat and have them
allbe entirely justi-
fied. Afterall, that's
what the Wyld does.

Cuftiglt

Qypustition
Nothing says that
Garou are only al-
lowed to slug it out
with fomori. With
the limitless powers of
creation atits disposal,
the Wyld can spit
Ne an out limitless va-
9 Tieties of
gorgons and

other entities to confound
Furthermore,

characters.


Garou used to tangling with minions of the Wyrm are
unlikely to be prepared for the sorts of strategies that
the Wyld and its offspring can throw at them, meaning
that what looks like a simple brawl can harbor deadly
surprises.

Story leat

While it's always possible to run a "classic"
Werewolf story using the Wyld as villain (scratch
"fomor," insert "gorgon" and away you go) there are
other possibilities to consider. Here are a few.

¢ This Land Is My Land — The pack is entrusted
with the mission of finding a Wyld place for some
reason, such asseeking aid fora caern or the knowledge
of a particularly elusive Wyld-spirit. However, just
because the pack is looking for the place doesn't mean
that they'll be welcomed there. The guardians of the
site have all sorts of nasty surprises planned for visitors.
And if the Garou think they're going to be welcomed
with open arms, they're in for a terrible surprise...

* Encroachment — The Wyld has decided that
it's strong enough to take back a particular patch of
terrain that someone else has a claim to. It might be a
city park (or even a city block), it might be the area
surrounding a caern or it might be a place that a pack
stumbles onto entirely by accident (say, a large chunk
of forest that's gotten a bit wilder than the Parks
Service could reasonably expect), but in any case the
Wyld's not letting go without a fight. And if the Garou
decide that the time's not quite right for this sort of
thing, well, then the Wyld will turn on them, too.

In this sort of chronicle, it is entirely possible that
the pack will go along with the Wyld in this scenario,
at least for a while, until they see exactly what un-
bridled Wyld actually means. Conversely, they could
find themselves in the middle ofa three-cornered fight
as minions of the Wyrm and Weaver arrive to try to
cauterize the infection. Choosing sides, and the conse-
quences thereof, could have interesting repercussions.

© Creeping Vengeance — One or more of the
characters has done something to offend the Wyld
dreadfully. Perhaps they've mistreated a Wyld spirit,
perhaps they've desecrated a Wyld place or allowed
enemies to despoil it, or perhaps it's something a
character's great-great-grandfather did. Regardless, the
Wyld wants payback, and its servants are afflicting the
characters with increasing frequency and ferocity.
Characters who aren't in the direct line of fire may
want to back away. Conversely, they may choose to
help fight back, in which case they're now on the hit
list as well. Can the Wyld or its offended minions be
assuaged, or is it a fight to the death? And what if this

"yy is all a setup — who stands to benefit, and how?

96 Book of the Wyld

[PLFA PS ST ST I, TT IT j

On the other hand, maybe the pack has a bone to
pick with a powerful Wyld spirit, and decides to go after
it no-holds-barred. What sorts of obstacles will get
thrown in their way, and what sorts of unlikely allies will
they pick up in the process? This sort of story provides
opportunities for questions of allegiance, and seeing
whether the end really does justify the means. If you're
just getting help froma Wyrm-spirit briefly, does itreally
taint you? It's for the greater good, after all...

Treachery

There's nothing thatsays the Wyld can't be sneaky,
subversive or downright tricky in its dealings with
characters. After all, it's not in a position to win too
many slugfests, so it has to resort to other tactics.
There's no reason those won't work on the Wyld's
putative allies as well as its enemies.

The fact that many Garou feel that they're on the
same side as the Wyld (whatever that means) also
means it's that much easier for the Wyld to trick,
subvert or betray them when it suits the Wyld's pur-
poses. Doing so will probably get the characters (if not
the players) extremely angry, and move the Wyld from
hidden adversary to overt one (see above). However,
the events leading up to the first treachery, the hints
and allegations and the slow buildup of tension can
make for a wonderful set of stories.

Sory bfea

© Guinea Pigs — Maybe the Wyld's come up with
something new in its war for survival — but it wants
the pack to serve as a live-fire test. All of a sudden,
they've got new Gifts and fetishes to try, but they're
not quite sure what exactly they all do. The results can
range from spectacular to catastrophic to bizarre at
your discretion. However, it's likely that what happens
after the surprises are uncorked will be more interest-
ing than what comes before. And that's assuming that
the Wyld wants the team to come back in one piece...

© Infection — Even spirits of the Wyld like to
have a little insurance, and sometimes friends, lovers
and Kinfolk make the best kind. What happens if
they're tainted by the Wyld, transformed into gorgons
or otherwise compromised as hostages? The Garou
may have to play along for now, but can they find a way
to turn the tables? And what if their loved ones can't
be saved — how will other Garou react to a sudden
vendetta against the Wyld?

¢ A Little Too Friendly — The pack forms an
alliance with the Wyld against a Weaver encroach-
ment. With the help of Wyld spirits, the characters are
able to win victory after victory — but somehow, the
Wyld's assistance seems to be more trouble than it's
worth. The spirits get out of hand, vital clues seem to


get destroyed in the fighting, and so on. Is the Wyld
playing both ends against the middle? Oris it just Wyld
spirits' basically uncontrollable nature that leads them
to dangerous excesses? Should the characters act?
What are the consequences if they'te wrong? And
even worse, what if their suspicions are correct? Will
there be any way out?

¢ Freshly Bred Fanaticism — The plight of the
Wyld is serious. Very serious. As a matter of fact, it's
the sort of earth-shattering crisis that tends to make
people fanatics. And the Wyld itself isn't above giving
rightful concern a little helpful boost to turn sensibly
allied Garou into slavering maniacs who will brook no
interference with their holy crusade.

When this sort of thing happens to an entire pack,
it's one thing. When it splits a pack down the middle,
it's entirely another — and much uglier — one. Will
the characters turn on one another, and if so, who's
cheering them on? Will the unaffected characters
attempt to "cure" their packmates? The cure could, in
this case, be worse than the disease, especially with the
other characters fighting them tooth and nail. (After
all, you don't have a lot of other options for help when
your problem is the Wyld.) And if the entire pack
eventually succumbs, what happens next? After all,
there just might be a reason the Wyld wants the
characters entirely under its thumb, and that isn't
necessarily good news.

ing Other ters

Without a doubt, Garou fit into the Weaver-
Wyrm-Wyld idiom better than any other denizens of
the World of Darkness. With that in mind, however,
it is certainly possible to bring in elements of other
games to spice things up on occasion. This isn't to say
thata merry band of Garou, vampires, changelingsand
slightly disheveled mummies are going to go traipsing
down the Yellow Brick Road in search of the Wyld's
magic whatsis, but rather that the unpredictable na
ture of the Wyld offers excellent opportunities to use
the rest of the World of Darkness to good effect in a
Werewolf game.

Vamporer

Leeches are antithetical to the Wyld onadeep and
abiding level. There is nothing creative or generative
about vampires (regardless of what the Elysium crowd
might say.) They cannot create or bring forth new lif
at best they can preserve things unnaturally. And at
worst, they are degenerative, parasitic and withering,
everything the Wyld stands in opposition to.

In other words, you'te not likely to find them as
helpful allies of the Wyld any time soon. They do,

Tbe Nepaplay Cha- Cha

Remember, where the Wyld is concerned, no
one can know what's coming next. Furthermore,
where the Wyld's influence abounds it should be
impossible to figure out what a potential antagonist
does, which offers a nice way of preventing players
from hearing your descriptions, whipping out acopy
of Vampire, and making educated guesses as to the
stats and abilities of what they're dealing with. As
far as the characters are concerned, even if it looks
like a Leech and smells like a Leech, it isn't neces-
sarily a Leech because Gaia only knows what might
have been done to it. (And yes, this does give you
carte blanche as a Storyteller to add new powers toa
seemingly familiar sort of boojum, strip old ones
away, or otherwise improvise to your heart's con-
tent. When you're dealing with the Wyld, nothing
should be predictable.)

however, make useful antagonists if handled properly. It
is unlikely that a Leech is deliberately out to destroy the
Wyld; 99 out of 100 vampires, minimum, have no idea
what on Gaia's green earth the Wyld is. Rather, they're

looking to extend their power, limit Garou ranges, take
advantage of power sources and otherwise further their
own interests. The effect they have on the Wyld is
coincidental — but that doesn't make it any less hor-
tific. Mind you, that doesn't mean that every comer of
the globe is buzzing with vampires chipping busily away
at the Wyld. Rather, asingle Leech at the center of afar-
flung web of corruption, destruction and intrigue makes
for an excellent — and rare — antagonist.

On the other hand, a daring Storyteller can easily
play with what happens if the Wyld sinks its claws into
a vampire and turns the creature to its own purposes.
The image of what once was a vampire,
through with curling vines that emerge from its mouth
and eyes, should be enough to make any Garou pack
think twice about what they're dealing with.

Naget

Mages and the Wyld have an uneasy relationship
at best. While certain flavors of magic-worker tend to
work in at least some harmony with the Wyld, othe
view creative energy as a resource to be tapped, appro-
priated and used for their own ends. Needles to say,
this latter approach is not terribly Wyld-friendly, and
mages with this attitude are best used as dangerous,
unpredictable antagonists (though should the pack
decide to educate one of these willworkers as to the
errorof his ways, things could get very interesting very
quickly). They're likely to view Garou protecting the

now shot

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos 97

SS EN


Naravrdort

One might suspect that mages who dwell ina
realm of madness and possibility might have some
affinity for the Wyld, and vice versa. One might
even be right. But the combination of an erratic,
unpredictable sort of Storyteller character with an
erratic, unpredictable primal force of nature is
something that is best dealt with carefully, as the
mix can be explosive. The Wyld might decide to
feed a great deal of power to a Marauder, or to
subsume her entirely. The only rule ought to be
that the combination is never safe to be around.

Wyld as nothing more than obstacles on the way to an
ultimate goal, and to be dealt with accordingly. After
all, it's what the mages are doing that's important, or
soruns the logic. Asa result, they use whatever it takes
to dispose of those "obstacles" — for the greater good,
of course — and cost be damned. Chronicles that
feature mages of this sort should be tightly focused.
After all, the wizards know exactly what they're after
and probably have at least some idea of what they're up
against, which is more than can be said for the Garou
in the situation. Also bear in mind that the pack may
well be the mages' target, as opposed to an incidental
annoyance. After all, if they're all that's standing
between a bunch of mages and some raw power, odds
are that the mages want to take care of business as
quickly and permanently as possible. (Note: This gen-
eral approach also works if you feel like using Techno-
crats; simply replace "use" with "destroy" when refer-
ring to the aspects of the Wyld the mages are after, and
you're pretty much set.)

It is also entirely possible to work mages into a
game as allies. There are certainly wizards out there
who are at least sympathetic to the Wyld, and who can
be brought in as allies, sources of information and
otherwise friendly Storyteller characters. However,
the fundamental difference in aim should always be
readily apparent to those who are looking for it. No
matter how chummy a mage gets with the pack, he's
got his own way of looking at things and his own
agenda. Any Garou who get fooled into thinking "he's
on our side, all the way" are liable to pay for their
mistake, sooner or later.

Wher Hiifort

The World of Darkness is, to put it mildly, crowded
with many other species of supernatural beings, which
range in power from potentially annoying to earth-
shatteringly dangerous. There's a time and a place for
them ina chronicle, but they should be used sparingly,

98

Book of the Wyld

[EE etiemey //

and to good effect. Saying that the Wyld allows all
possibilities is one thing; running down a laundry list of
non-Garou beings is entirely another — much too
predictable — one.

Now Lt Not bbe Toe:
Aterwase Sittogt

Just as there are no limits on pure Wyld, there
shouldn't be any limits on the setting for a Wyld-
themed game. As the Wyld's position relative to the
rest of the Triat has shifted over the centuries, new
vistas have opened up for storytelling chronicles with
a decidedly different twist. You should feel free to
essentially cherrypick history to find the right balance
and Wyld flavor for your chronicle if you so choose.
There's absolutely nothing that says you can't turn
your players loose in any time period that looks like it
might be fun — past, present, or even future. And if it
doesn't work, you've also got plenty of wiggle room for
finding a more amenable setting.

Afterall, you're dealing with the Wyld here. It will
find a way.

The Path

The story of history is the story of the Wyld's gradu-
ally eroding influence, marked by brief renaissances and
savage defeats. The further back one goes, the stronger
the Wyld influence in the setting is likely to be, though
this is by no means an absolute correlation. It's entirely
possible to set a low-Wyld game deep in the past —
inside the walls of Jericho, oramong the cities of the Incas
—orto have ahigh-Wyld game near the present (Africa
during the heyday of European colonization, for ex-
ample). But with all of history to choose from, odds are
pretty good you'll be able to find a setting that has just the
right blend for what you intend.

The lypergfora

During the Impergium, the Garou and the Wyld
worked hand in paw, so to speak. With humanity and
its tendencies toward both relentless patterning and
fouling its collective nest penned up, threats to the
Wyld's supremacy come more from purer manifesta-
tions of the Wyrm. As such, chronicles set in this time
can play up either the pure fun of monster-hunting or
the tensions between tribes and Fera that eventually
resulted in the War of Rage.

Many of the questions that apply to doing an
alternate Earth chronicle also apply here. Without
human civilization to riff against, the Garou have to
make their own conflicts, stories and so forth. Unless,
of course, those humans start getting uppity...


On Dotag Your Homenork

Between Werewolf: The Dark Ages,
Werewolf: The Wild West, Wraith: The Great
War, Mage: the Sorcerer's Crusade, Blood and
Silk and the various other historical White Wolf
products, there is all sorts of game-friendly histori-
cal setting material out there ready to be exploited
for your game.

That being said, the list of available books is
very small indeed when one considers the vast
scope of history. The sheer mathematical
unlikeliness that one of those books will match the
period you want to use means that you're probably
going to have to do some legwork on your own if
you want to have a historical setting that's con-
vincing to your players.

Unless, however, you have a gaming group
that consists in whole or part of history Ph.D.
candidates, however, you don't have to show up
for each session with enough notes to bury your
players alive.

Make sure you've done enough research to
depict the time and place accurately — 2nd
Century Romans wearing full plate mail, for
example, is a bad idea — but there's no need to
get absolutely every detail down. Few, if any, of
your players will care exactly which strains of
wheat are being grown, what precise shade of
purple someone's tunic is, and what the going
rate for an amphora of Thessalonian wine is
down to the last quarter-denarius. Instead, they'll
most likely want the mood and feel of the place
and time, enough detail to give thema feeling of
being there but not so much that they're strangled
by the need to obsess over every last detail.
There's no excuse for not doing some research
— trying to convince your players that you're
doing a historically accurate game of the Aztec
empire in the year 500 BCE bends credibility a
bit too far — but it's just as bad overwhelming
them with detail as not giving them enough.
Just make sure you have the basics covered,
know what directions you're likely to extrapo-
late in, and make sure you've got your sources
close at hand in case things jump off in an
unexpected direction. You'll never make every-
one entirely happy — there's always someone
who'll be upset because you introduced the
wrong strain of wheat into Dacia — but you can
tell a pretty good story in the meantime.

Cattleal Cirecce

With Maenad rites and Dionysiac abandon, the
Black Furies' demarcation between the Wyld and the
city is clearly drawn in classical Greece. With such
furious pressures on either side of that boundary,
however, the tension is constant and palpable. Wyld
places abound in the mountains outside the poleis,
and journeying to them for oracles is considered
entirely reasonable behavior. On the other hand,
bringing that influence back inside the city, except
within the bounds of festival, is another matter en-
tirely. Statues of a god, called hermoi, look after
travelers at crossroads, but the lands beyond the roads
are considered Other.

Garou characters at this time move, like their
human peers, between the two worlds. However, they
do so more frequently and easily than do even their
human Kinfolk. The ease of that transition may well
make things uncomfortable for the Garou, or it may
make them revered. And while there may be respect
for the boundaries between city and Wyld, there's
none shown by the Wyrm. The landscape abounds
with bad men and worse creatures, Procrustes and his
ilk, and with the unyielding city on one side, the
pressure from the burgeoning Wyrm on the other can
make a pack's place in Hellas perilous indeed.

uppertal Rome

Whither went the legions, went the roads:
Whither went the roads went the Pax Romana. And
whither went the Pax Romana, went the Weaver's
webs, in many cases for the first time. While certain
tribes (such as the Warders of Apes) benefited from
and appreciated the Roman approach to things,

Pi effat at War

Beset by internal strife and relentless assaults
by the Persian Empire, Classical Greece was gen-
erally nota place of peace and gentle good-feeling
Myths from the period are bloody and violent, the
history even more so. It's entirely appropriate,
therefore, to get a pack caught up in anything from
the battle of Thermopylae to the Peleponnesian
War to the slaughter of the Melians. Choosing
sides, however, might be difficult.

Recommended reading for thissort of chronicle
includes both Herodotus and Thucydides, the
finest fantastic and military historians of the pe-
riod. Mixing and matching the two often works
well within the fantastic context of Werewolf.

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos 99


there with the legions' push into previously wild fray, while in Egypt and Albion the native Garou
territories came the first intimation of trouble to __ find varying degrees of accommodation and conflict
come. In the Germanic forests, _ with the Roman interlopers:
the Getserves the Wyld's ends At this point, allying with Rome might seem like
by protecting the caerns of a good thing to the Garou. After all, there's still an
the Schwarzwald. Further — enormous amount of Wyld out there, and while the
east, incursions into other Roman influence may be "civilizing" in a Weaverish
wooded places bring the way, it's certainly good at stamping out the Wyrm
Q Shadow Lords into the wherever it finds it. However, corruption lives where

you find it, and the Wyrm's tendrils can wrap

around the Imperial palace as readily asa
subterranean hive. While the Ward-
ersare desperately trying to reform
the rotting thing that wears
imperial purple, the other
tribes harry the borders.
And to the far north of
Hadrian's Wall, something
profoundly evil is stirring, as
the White Howlers start down
their fatal road. The best Wyld-themed

games for this era can probably be set
on the uneasy border between Roman
territory and the domains of the Wyld,
with no guarantees as to which side of the
proverbial fence the pack is on.

The Fil of Rome and
What Came Affer

With the fall of Rome
and the chaos that fol-
lowed, the so-callled
Dark Ages were a
good time for the
Wyld. As cities were
abandonedorshrank,
aqueducts collapsed
and roads were overgrown, the Wyld took
back its own. Here and there, outposts of
civilization held out against the rising


tide. The darker side of the Wyld became apparent,
hand in hand with the Wyrm, it tore down the evi-
dence of the ancien regime. And Garou who had come
to an accommodation with the Roman system sud-
denly found themselves and their Kinfolk imperiled by
the very thing they were supposed to protect.

The feudal age (more properly covered in
Werewolf: The Dark Ages) that followed slowly
reversed that trend, but only over centuries. The Wyld
still dominates most of Europe, and steadily tries to
reclaim the rest. And while the Red Talons might
pitch in wholeheartedly, other tribes — particularly
those whose homid members bear some affection for
the cities of the era— might wonder how far they can
support the Wyld's campaign.

The Ener bile

Ireland in particular offers a unique Wyld/
Weaver dichotomy at this time. While the Irish
monasteries are doing essential work preserving

culture and history that would otherwise be for-
gotten, outside is a Wyld paradise. Can the Fianna
in good conscience support both? And what about
the Norsemen?

The Renaktarce

With the dawning of the Renaissance, the tide
turns on the Wyld's campaign to reclaim the land-
scape. Slowly but surely, the telltale signs of retreat
become apparent. Agriculture becomes more regu-
lated, travel becomes more civilized and the map has
fewer and fewer areas marked "Here be Dragons."

Unfortunately, the same can't be said for
places on the map where the Wyrm is active
and expanding. While trade with the East
over the Silk Road is burgeoning, corrup-
tion flows with it. The cities' hearts grow
ever darker, and with the first stirrings of
mass production, the fouling of the
waters begins in earnest. Combating
this, however, means diving into the
worst parts of the infant urban
sprawls, and dealing with what
they find there among the tan-
neries and slaughterhouses.

The Age of Exploration

With European explorers opening the door for
colonization in every comer of the globe, areas that
had previously been the purview of the Wyld became
new battlegrounds in the war with the Wyrm. While
European Garou may not be servants of the Wyrm
themselves, they're certainly traveling in company
with such. Thus, for the first time open Garou-on-
Garou warfare can be seen sparking into life. And
while travelers of the Silent Strider persuasion may be
inclined to be circumspect in their travels, Get and
certain of the other, more aggressive European tribes
are liable be less polite about setting up camp on
someone else's turf.

Of course, this is also the timeframe for the
Croatan's last, desperate sacrifice. While that may not
be a story everyone wants to tell, there's certainly
plenty of room for the intrepid Garou explorers who
first come upon the evidence of what happened —and
who just might, by their investigation, undo all the
good that was done.

Still, the New World was not the only theater of
exploration. With Portuguese traders heading around
the Cape of Good Hope, there's renewed contact
between Garou and the shapeshifters of the East.
Africa is being colonized as well, and it's entirely
possible for Garou to have been part of any of those
expeditions. Fighting the sea and the elements,
meeting strange spirits (and Garou) and uncovering
the secrets of new lands is certainly enough adven-
ture for anyone, particularly since the current resi-
dents of those new lands are liable to take to the
intrusion unkindly. (The fact that those who are
intruded upon might be reacting to the Wyrm-taint
the Garou arrived with and
not the Garou themselves
might be un-
covered too
late to
make


any difference....) And since the characters are
invading Wyld lands, they might find themselves
under some very unpleasant scrutiny from that par-
ticular power and its minions.

On the other hand, there's every opportunity for a
game on the other side of the equation, playing Pure
Ones or other indigenous Garou facing an influx of
Wyrmcomers. While the tide of history may be inevi-
tably rising, there's still space for individual battles to
be fought, lost or won along the way.

The Iousttelal Revotifion

With factories belching filth into the skies and
rivers, with pollution befouling lands hundreds of
miles from the toxic mills, with patterns of railroads
and factories divvying up the landscape into neat
chunks and strip mines tearing huge gashes in the
Earth, this was perhaps not the best period for the
Wyld. While the notion that the entire landscape of
Western Europe and the United States turned into one
stench-breathing row of factories and sludge is some-
thing of an exaggeration, the scale of the assault on
natural resources was something only rarely seen be-
fore in human history, and never for this longa period.

With the drive for more raw materials to feed
the machines, new regions are exposed to the West-
ern world for the first time. With the miners, loggers
and other settlers goes the Wyrm, and by now the
colonial spirit has been replaced in many Garou by
the realization that what is being lost is irreplace-
able. In some cases, this realization comes too late
— the Second War of Rage leaves a bitter legacy in
North America, and the Bunyip suffer their fate —
but in others the war that had been fought against
the Wyld in many cases is now fought for it. As
Shadow Lords and others try to make allies of former
enemies, the Wyrm continues to sow discord among
its foes. And with the Weaver spinning its webs over

The Ratt of te Worl

Obviously, you're not at all limited to just
Europe and Eurocentric historical chronicles. It's
abig world out there, and the members of the Triat
were in play throughout. The conflict between
Weaver and Wyld was just as fierce in the cities of

Mesoamerica as it was on the Peleponnesus, the
Pure Lands were certainly not entirely free of
Wyrm taint throughout recorded history, and so
on. There are certainly myriad stories out there
that can be told in settings and regions other than
the ones listed above. The fault is ours for not
having room to list them here.

102

Book of the Wyld

LT Te Te TY

the traditional homelands of many of the tribes,
things aren't any better — or safer — there.

At this point, the Garou are caught between
hammer and tongs, in a trap partially of their own
devising. Suddenly, the Garou have gone from hunter
to hunted, and there's no place to run. And with the
cities and railroads hemming them in, with the war for
the disappearing Wyld places heating up elsewhere
and with the realization that they're pretty much
without any allies any more, the Garou are in for a
desperate time.

The Fitpure

Who knows what comes next? Not humanity, not
the Garou, perhaps not even the Triat. But if you feel
like taking a stab at it, the possibilities are there.
Perhaps the Wyld has made a stunning reversal, and
the ruins of old cities dot the landscape. Perhaps the
Wyrm has won, and in a post-apocalyptic hell, the
Garou must defend the last few flickering sparks of the
Wyld. It's up to you.

Ober Works

If you're going to get creative with the Wyld and
explore alternate time periods, why not go all the way
and look at alternate histories? It's entirely in the spirit
of the Wyld to build a universe where the Triat is
balanced differently than it is in the World of Datk-
ness, just to see what might happen. Such a setting
could be useful for either a one-shot session or a
continuing chronicle, but the possibility is something
that might be worth exploring.

The most likely candidate for this sort of chronicle
is a world wherein the Wyld, not the Wyrm or the
Weaver, has run amok. Such a place would most likely
be primarily wild places, vast, brooding forests and
swamps seething with life. Settlements would be few
and far between, and towns would be walled for protec-
tion against whatever creatures might come lumbering
out of the wood. Sea travel would be beset by unnamed
and unnamable things boiling up out of the deeps to
prey on fragile ships.

In other words, you'd be looking at what could be
a very good setting for heroic fantasy — with a twist.
Replacing the stereotypical fighter/mage/cleric/thief
combination with a Garou pack means that the old
dungeon crawl just turned into a whole new ballgame.

Platting Out the Sethog
How Wy if?

The first thing to decide is exactly how Wyld
your new campaign world is. Are animate vines


knocking at the town gates, or are there some reason-
ably large civilized areas? Once you get that balance
worked out, you can start plotting out the rest of how
this world fits together.

The next thing to decide is when precisely this
world's history diverged from the World of Darkness', or
if it's another world entirely. The former gives you a
great deal of source material to play with, not to mention
interesting setting material. Just imagine if your world is
really overrun by the Wyld, and the characters find
themselves hacking through dense jungle to uncover...
the Pyramids at Giza. No doubt your players will be
suitably shaken up, even if their characters have no idea
what to make of it.

On the other hand, the latter means that you can
go wild with geography, history and pretty much every
other aspect of the world (though it's recommended
you leave basic Werewolf cosmology intact) to your
heart's delight.

The Otter Tio

The next step is deciding how much of a foothold
the rest of the Triat has in this world. How have the
other two aspects attempted to fight back? How much
influence does the Weaver have — this tells you how
many towns there are, how big they are likely tobe, and
so forth. This also dictates your level of technology. If
you're at a level of Weaver involvement that dictates
a Bronze Age level of technology, your town sizes and
amenities, weapon choices, road systems and so on are
going to be very different than if you examine some-
thing closer to stereotypically medieval. (It also limits
the sorts of Weaver-spirits and Gifts you're liable to
runacross—take a look at Werewolf: The Dark Ages
for an idea of what you're getting into.)

Then again, how is the Wyrm taking this? Are there
subterranean places dedicated to its influence, filled with
ravening monsters and other forms of foulness? Does it
have worshippers, and what do they look like? Are there
dead zones that the Wyrm has claimed for its own, harsh
and sterile? Answering these questions goes a long way
towards defining the map of your new chronicle setting,
and lets you extrapolate details from there.

Whet the Coed Cig?

Incanonical Werewolf, the characters' allegiances
more or less lie with the Wyld. It's the weakest member
of the Triat, the one that most needs defending, and so
on. None of that holds water in your new setting,
however, and you'll need to rethink what your charac-
ters' overriding mission is. Now it is still entirely
possible they'll be tied to the Wyld in a sort of
Impergium-styled mission of containment.

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos

————— ee

On the other hand, it's also likely that they're tied
to the fragile Weaver, whose works are always in
danger of being overwhelmed by the ravening forest.
In that case, the pack is liable to be working at clearing
out Wyld-spawned monsters, protecting towns and
cities in an effort to nurture the Weaver's influence,
and so forth. Expeditions to deal with the worst, most
cancerous Wyld infestations are a possibility, as the
pack ventures forth under the eaves of the forest to
strike at its monstrous heart.

Then there's the third possibility, that the Garou
in this world are aligned with the Wyrm against the
overwhelming power of the Wyld. While this may
seem like a bad or even heretical idea, it can make a
certain amount of sense. Destruction does have its
place, and the Garou certainly are equipped to be
engines of destruction. Indeed, they might even regard
that as being their natural role, fighting back the
relentless assaults of the uncontrolled Wyld.

(Mind you, allying with the Wyrm, even in an
alternate world, may rattle some of your players' cages
Then again, that may be a good thing.)

Woah: Out There (Real Worl Diotion)?

A Wyld-enhanced setting offers plenty of op-
portunities for changing the local ecology. Odds are
you won't want to populate the place with too many
fomori, but you've still got plenty of gorgons to play
with. What about natural animals? Dinosaurs are a
natural possibility; in a world where the Wyld is
unfettered there's no reason for extinction (a toy of
the Wyrm) to have claimed anything you don't
wantit to. If you want to fill your seas with trilobites
and your beaches with dimetrodons, go for it — it
makes sense in context.

But that's just the beginning. You might want to
consider extrapolating history and coming up with the
new species that might have arisen givena fresh chance,
fewer catastrophic meteorite impacts and a couple of
million years to work with. There's no reason not to fill
your world's skies with smarter, faster descendants of
pteranodons or have a race of intelligent dinosaur
descendants out in the uncharted wilderness. And what
about other branches on the human family tree, like
Neanderthals? Are there Neanderthal Kinfolk out there,
helping to produce a different breed of Garou?

There's also the possibility of hewing closer to
standard fantasy themes and using such relatively well-
known creatures as dragons, unicorns, sea bishops and
so on. This can metamorphose your game into some-
thing more closely approximating classic high fantasy,
but there's nothing that says your pack can't run into

103


a tyrannosaur one week and a dragon the next. I's a
big, Wyld-infested world out there, and it makes
to cram every nook and cranny of it full of (not
necessarily friendly) life.
Wats Out Thre (Spit World Pioilon)?
A different world needs to have a different spiritual
landscape and ecology as well. This doesn't mean you
have to rebuild the cosmology brick by brick, and repopu-
late the heavens with entirely new spirits, but it probably
is worth re-examining what's out there, who's out there,
and what the Garou's relation to it all is likely to be.

ense

In an alternate world with an overwhelming Wyld
presence, the chances are good that other realms are
going to be altered as well. Without a prevalent and
corrupt Wyrm influence, Malfeas and the Atrocity
Realm are liable to be greatly altered, if not reduced
Other sections of the Umbra may be clear of Pattern
spirits, but overwhelmed by scions of the Wyld, and so
on. If your players are going to want their characters to
go there (and they will), you need to be prepared for it.
That includes everything from how hard it is to reach
the Umbra (it seems likely that it will be easier, and
that in some places there might be no barrier at all) to
what's infesting Umbral pathways to what new realms
have been created by the inhabitants and history of
this alternate Earth.

By the same token, youneed to think about spirits.
The supernatural ecology is bound to be different. New
species means new spirits (and new potential totems)
A lower technology level means that many familiar
spirits aren't going to be around — just ask the local
Glass Walker equivalents. Be sure to populate your
heavens with spirits whose presence makes sense, and
to establish what their relationships are with both the
Triat and more familiar denizens of the spirit realms.
Again, you don't need to doa giant chart keeping track

The ontter Retler

Remaking the world also means finding new
places for everything dwelling in it, including
vampires, mummies and so on. It's recommended
that you downplay the role these other
supematurals play in a Wyld-themed setting, if for
no other reason than that this sort of thing really
is Garou-centric. Also, the effort of rethinking the
Technocracy, Camarilla, etc. foryoursettingwhen
other beasties are liable to be bit players, if at all,
is probably not the best use of your time as a
Storyteller. Focus on the important stuff, i.e. the
Garou, and if the situation demands, you can
always add the rest of the menagerie later.

104

Book of the Wyld

Ty a amma // 1

of every supernatural being out there, but it does make
sense to be aware of and write out the differences.

What Ave the Garoy Ue To?

I's entirely possible to plug standard Garou soci-
ety into your alternate world. A caern is a caer is a
caern, and the same sorts of jobs have to be done no
matter where you are. On the other hand, it's also
possible that there are profound differences. Are the
Silver Fangs still in charge? Are they in better or worse
shape than they are in the World of Darkness? What
about the lost or fallen tribes? Ifthe Wyld is the threat,
whatare the local equivalents of Black Spiral Dancers?
What happened to the Croatan and the Bunyip (ordid
anything happen to them at all)? What sorts of Rites
are the Garou performing, particularly if their alle-
giances lie with the Weaver or the Wyrm.

‘These questions can run on ad infinitum, but you'll
want to map out at least the basics before you begin
play. You'll also want to let your players in on the
changes, so they don't feel betrayed when they assume
that things are as they are listed in Werewolf Revised,
and instead get an unpleasant surprise.

Hor Breet

Depending on how detailed you want to get in
your world building, you may also find yourself consid-
ering the other Changing Breeds, How do they deal
with the Garou here, particularly since your new
world's werewolves don't necessarily share the same
bloody history as the World of Darkness'. Was there a
War of Rage in this world? If so, who survived? The
answers you come up with may surprise you.

This also means that you may well have Changing
Breeds in your game that are extinct in canonical
Werewolf — or which never existed. Extreme caution
is recommended in such cases, lest your players aban-
don their Garou en masse to play were-megatheriums
or something equally outré.

Ktufolh and Refated Ipecdet

The last question you have to answer before turn-
ing your players loose in your new world is how the
Garou interact with humans, wolves and Kinfolk. Are
humans kept herded and penned up, 4 la the worst
excesses of the Impergium? Are there communities of
Kin that the Garou guard, separate from mere human-
ity? Indeed, in a world gone Wyld, is there a détente
between the Garou and normal humans, with the
former serving as heroes to and protectors of the latter?
It's easy to imagine a feudal society with the Garou at
the top, acting (and demanding the privileges of)
nobles froma frightened populace. On the other hand,
the ancient prejudice of humans could be in place here


as well, with the Garou caught between hostile towns
and the unwelcoming forest.

And what of the wolves? If the wilderness is too
thoroughly infested with the Wyld, are the packs safe,
or are they hunted on their home territory? Are there
safe preserves, or do the Garou need to go into the
perilous wild to protect their Kin? The answers are,
quite literally, out there.

Soviet for Another Worl

Werewolf is, on many levels, a game about arche-
types and symbols. That allows it to mesh nicely with
heroic fantasy, a storytelling form that also relies
heavily on those tools. (A quest is a quest, after all,
regardless of whether it comes from a Rank 5 Theurge
or an old man in a tavern who needs some brave
adventurers.) And since a Wyld-dominated world is
an excellent setting for that sort of thing, all of the
elements are in place for the aforementioned high
fantasy campaign.

That does not mean, however, that you are lim-
ived to basic fantasy plots like the dungeon crawl or
the monster hunt. Instead, the Garou mythology
allows ample opportunity for more quest-driven sto-
ties, with elements of vision and spirituality. The
trick is to remember to retain the essential nature of
Werewolf in this context, rather than trying to map
tribes and auspices onto weary stereotypes. The player
who decides that his Red Talon Ahroun is semanti-
cally equivalent to an axe-swinging Fafhrd knockoff
is missing the point

Pack, tribe and auspice give you tremendous
flexibility to tell uniquely Garou stories within a

Ntieror, [ier0r, [teror

One of the most time-honored storytelling
tropes involves taking a bunch of characters and
dropping them into a world that is not their own.
This works just fine for an alternate Wyld game,
but you'll probably want to map totem allegiances,
etc. onto the ones that are available in this new
world. You should also make a list of what Gifts,
rites and so on don't work in your new setting and
be prepared for player reaction when a favorite
trick doesn't work.

One suggestion is to have curious spirits ap-
proach the newcomers and give them a brief primer
—and maybe some fetishes to tide them over until
they figure out what's what here. Another is to have
them stumble across a caern, and be "educated" by
the local sept. However, nobody says that the
lessons ate going to be easy — or gentle.

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos

Cope. We Dil Thee?

Juxtaposing your Wyld world and the World
of Darkness can make for some interesting
chronicles. A classic storyline can involve a pack
finding a way to reach back through time to
mitigate the Wyrm's influence. The end result,
however, can be this world of rampant growth and
mad change, and the pack should realize quickly
that the cure could be just as bad as the disease
Can they set things right? Should they even try?

In the opposite direction, you can set up the
pack as natives of this sort of world trying desper-
ately torein in the Wyld. Unfortunately, however,
their efforts result in the World of Darkness as we
know it, which is no place fora pack of Garou from
this alternate history.

fantasy-styled setting. You may well feel the need to
send your pack off to clean out the local subterranean
monster hive, but odds are they're doing it for a
reason — spirits have demanded it, a Theurge has
given it to them as a quest, it's to clear out a patch of
Wyrm taint that's a little too strong for even this
setting — and not just to rack up gold, magic items
and so forth. Think about why your Garou are going
forth into this world of the Wyld on a quest, what
their motivations are as Garou instead of brave ad-
venturers. Think about why they're going (other
than "because it's there"), who wants them to go,
what aspect of Garou society demands that they go,
and what rewards they might get for succeeding.

Can You Fey
LU Varna?

Oh little hand in my hand,

all the madness in the world is on the move

—French, Frith, Kaiserand Thompson, "Drowned
Dog Black Night"

Madness goes hand-in-hand with chaos, even
creative chaos. Garou who deal too closely with the
Wyld, or who deal with it too long, are therefore
tempting fate. Close association with the Wyld has
its costs, not the least of which can be a Garou's
sanity. And when a werewolf loses her grip on
reality, the results can be devastating for all con-
cerned — the character, her pack, her Kinfolk and
anyone who makes the mistake of getting in her way
at the wrong time.

105


Toke The Serhovrly

Madness is not cute, funny, or otherwise some-
thing that should be played up for humor value. In-
stead, it is a fundamental shift in the perceptions and
behaviors of the victim. Its mildest manifestations can
be disturbing, its most severe deadly. The pile of bones
discovered out in the woods behind your quiet
neighbor's house, the sudden disappearance of astressed
coworker who's "on personal leave" with no further
explanation — these are the real effects of madness,
not a sudden compulsion to stomp around in bunny
slippers and speak in bad faux-kiddie talk.

So if you're going to include madness as part of
your chronicle, treat it respectfully. Research the
particular flavor of mental illness you're working
with and do it right — pop culture versions of Mul-
tiple Personality Disorder, schizophrenia and so on
are often about as accurate as one might suspect. Get
the symptoms and effects right, and then extrapolate
outward to demonstrate how they might impact some-
one who can turn into a nine-foot tall killing ma-
chine at the drop of a hat.

And above all, be prepared to drop the story
element if including it bothers one of your players. You
never know whom mental illness has touched, directly
or indirectly, and the comfort level of your players
should always take precedence over any in-game as-
pect of play.

Gotng Vad

In an age when both humans and canines have
their own therapists, it is inevitable that some Garou
are going to fall prey to mental illness. Integrating that
into gameplay, however, can be difficult, particularly
the beginning stages.

Cudlty

Close proximity to manifestations of the Wyld is
a prime cause of mental illness among Garou. The
mind can be looked at asadevice that imposes patterns
on the world so that the body can categorize, deal with
and react to stimuli. Even the most Weaver-phobic
Garou must admit that on some level; it's as basic as the
fight/flight response or the classification of any other
creature into friend or foe.

The Wyld, needless to say, doesn't like patterns.
And so, any werewolf who spends too long under the
Wyld's aegis runs the risk of having his own pattern-
making synapses neatly fried. The result may not be
intentional. After all, it's hardly in the Wyld's best
interests to have its best defenders at less than 100%
capacity. However, it does happen, and often it hap-
pens sooner rather than later.

106

Book of the Wyld

[PLE PLT TTT, TT TC IS

Not all Garou who suffer from dementia do so asa
result of the Wyld's direct influence — there's plenty
of stressors, genetic predispositions and chemical im-
balances inherent in the Garou heritage and lifestyle
already — but itis entirely plausible to suggest that the
Wyldisa major contributor. Itis more likely, ifaGarou
goes mad, that his illness will be blamed on the Wyld
than on any other factor.

Sadly, those assigning the blame are often right.

ear and Waak Baghoniage

Garou driven insane by the Wyld are generally
the victims of an ongoing process. One of the unfor-
tunate byproducts of dealing with the Wyld is dealing
with its creatures and conceits, none of which are
constructed to help an individual hold onto his
sanity. It's not uncommon for Wyld-spirits to delib-
erately, if not maliciously, torment a werewolf, and
that sort of "play" is often enough to drive the target
to the edge. What happens, then, when stronger
manifestations of the Wyld get involved? When the
scenery changes subtly, day to day or hour to hour
because of the Wyld's influence, how can a werewolf
trust his senses? And if he can't trust his senses, what
can he trust? Garou who spend too much time near
places sacred to the Wyld often slowly lose their trust
in anything and anyone, returning from such places
sullen, paranoid, jumpy or delusional, and in some
cases that's the best they can hope for.

In worst case scenarios, the Garou may be infected
with some aspect of the Wyld. More than one werewolf
has found herself looking at life through a Wyld-tinged
haze of possibilities, colors, shapes and sounds. And
while the view afforded by such is fascinating, it
inevitably divorces the Garou in question from those
around her, her responsibilities and duties, and even-
tually reality.

Treatment by the Paok

In general, a Garou's pack will stand by her even
in this travail. That's the theory, in any case, and it
holds up rather well. Many packs have undertaken
healing quests on behalf of a packmate who's fallen
prey to one form of dementia or another. Such quests
are often long, difficult and dangerous, but once the
pack accepts one, it is extremely unwise to stop.
Abandoning a member of the pack to madness is likely
to anger the pack's totem. Furthermore, a pack to
which a mentally ill Garou belongs often suffers the
loss of some renown, and occasionally acquires a repu-
tation for being cursed.

For some reason, dementia also seems to run in
packs. It's not at all uncommon for multiple Garou from
asingle pack to succumb, which adds a certain urgency


to those healing quests as well. Current thinking is that she is reassigned to duties that her current state allows
ized or in

the contagious nature of madness within a pack isdue to her to uphold; in others she is isolated, ost
banished. It depends on the nature of the
ad which totem it is dedicated to. Grand-

the work of malicious Wyld-spirits, but regardless of the rg

source, it's still something to be avoided. s
fathi under, forexample, has no use for the ill in his

Treatment by the Sa
x OMELIE caertié,-and ‘the mentally all are sometimes driver

A Garou who is incapacitated or otherwise hin- arena th ti If Gey PERSE TE
dered by a mental affliction is a liability to the

sept. In some cases r
8 \
SNA

F

(fare

their own, they are welcomed back, but if not, nature
takes its inevitable course.

The nature of the dementia also helps determine
what happens. A Garou suffering from a bipolar disor-
der may run his septmates ragged during his manic
phase, and simply be left alone during the depressive.
A werewolf with a relatively mild syndrome such as
kleptomania may find himself tolerated within the
sept (as long as he doesn't pinch anything from a
particularly burly Ahroun, who's liable to pound him
into paste as a result), and certain disorders may
actually prove serviceable. A Garou with an obsessive-
compulsive disorder related to, say, neatness may be
put to work walking the bawn, because he's going to
notice anything amiss or different instantly (at least in
theory; the reality can be somewhat stickier).

On the whole, though, mental illness makes Garou
extremely uncomfortable. They prefer physical or spiri-
tual foes, ones that can be vanquished through force of
will or force of arms. The insidious nature of mental
illness, however, makes it difficult for the Garou to
combat. As such, they prefer not to deal with it
whenever possible, much to the detriment of the
sufferers among them.

Tteatmert ky the Tithe

Much like septs, different tribes have different
reactions to mental illness. They range from a posses-
sive, occasionally smothering care for the sufferer
(Children of Gaia and Uktena, for example) to out-

fp the Deage

Many mental disorders are treatable with medi-
cation. Ritalin and Prozac are part of our daily
vocabulary. Studies show that many children be-
ing medicated for "hyperactivity" show no actual
signs of any abnormality, but potential problems
are being medicated away anyway. With that in
mind, one must ask the question: How does this
stuff affect the Garou?

The answeris, sadly, hardly atall. A werewolf's

metabolism isn't a human one; it designed to
flush foreign agents of any sort as quickly as
possible. That includes drugs, both harmful and
beneficial. The end result is that medications
that can control or ameliorate psychiatric condi-
tions have little to no effect on Garou. The
amount of, say, Prozac required to have any
lasting effect on a werewolf metabolism is so large
that initial ingestion may well prove poisonous.
On the other hand, taking a normal, human dose
will have barely any impact at all.

108

Book of the Wyld

[PLL Ps ET TO, PT IS,

right shunning or brutal attempts at cures (Red Talons
and Get of Fenris) to an embarrassed deliberate blind-
ness to the condition (Silver Fangs). The treatment
really does vary from tribe to tribe, with the only
constant being that each tribe feels that the others are
doing things incorrectly — perhaps fatally so.

Llevors of Madhatr

The official diagnostic guide of mental illness is
slightly smaller than a compact car and nearly as
heavy. That's because there are a great many variet-
ies of psychiatric disorder, each with its own pathol-
ogy, symptoms, diagnosis and treatment techniques
and so on. What follows is not intended to be a
comprehensive guide to the contents of that book
and how each affects Garou. Rather, it's a quick
skim of some of the better known mental illnesses
and how they affect Garou.

Jib bophrenta

Schizophrenia isa biologically based disorder than
afflicts up to 1.5% percent of the American population
over the course of their lives. Symptoms include both
"positive" and "negative" ones. The former category
includes thought disorder (an inability to think clearly
or logically, often marked by use of disconnected or
nonsense language), delusions and hallucination:
Negative symptoms include apathy, withdrawal and
so-called flat affect (lack of emotional response). Cu-
riously enough, most outbreaks of schizophrenia occur
in late adolescence or early adulthood — the same
time as the First Change.

While negative symptoms can lead a Garou
down the road to Harano, the positive ones are the
ones that cause trouble for everyone. This is perhaps
the most terrifying form of insanity to afflict a
Garou. A delusional werewolf who sees enemies
everywhere will do her best to destroy them, and
with the powers and strength at her disposal odds are
she'll do a fairly thorough job. If she thinks her
thoughts can be heard by those around her (called
Broadcasting) she may start taking steps to hide
those thoughts — which could end in disaster. A
sufferer from paranoid schizophrenia may decide
her packmates and Kinfolk are conspiring against
her, and choose to flee — or retaliate.

Hallucinations are also a serious concern. If a
Garou sees fomori peeking out from every window,
sooner ot later she's going to start smashing those
windows to get at the (nonexistent) fomori hiding
behind them. If she decides that innocent bystand-
ers are also fomori, the carnage could be unthink-
able. And if her packmates decide to try and stop


her, she may well decide that they, too, have gone
over to the enemy.

Most schizophrenic conditions are not quite this
severe, but even mild ones can play hob with a Garou.
Visions or sounds that aren't there can make a character
hesitant when he really does hear or see something —or
make his packmates reluctant to believe him. If his gut
screams at him that the little old lady is Wyrm-tainted,
even though his mind and senses tell him that she's not,
he's going to stop trusting his gut. And ina life-or-death
situation, that could be fatal.

Nf ee Porsondlity Dvorder

MPD, and not schizophrenia, is the correct term
for the (extremely rare) condition whereby an indi-
vidual develops multiple, distinct personalities. Usu-
ally one personality (not always the original one) is
dominant, but the other or others can emerge from
time to time, often asa result of stress. These additional
personalities need not share age, gender, race, orienta-
tion or any other element with the original personal-
ity, and are often aware of one another.

What this generally means for a Garou is trouble.
Not every one of a Garou's personalities may know
what he is, how to trigger the Change or use Gifts, or
otherwise function. And as stress can trigger the
emergence of a different personality, it is entirely
possible that a particularly intense combat could
allow a personality with no notion of what he really
is to become dominant, which could prove fatal for
both the Garou and those depending on him to pull
his weight in a fight. A Crinos form controlled by a
persona with no concept of how he suddenly became
a monster is a disaster about to happen. In extreme
cases, some of the Garou's personalities could even be
susceptible to the Delirium, which would be both
surreal and potentially catastrophic.

On the other hand, additional personalities some-
times have surprising knowledge resources at their
disposal. A Garou whose personalities are at least
conversant with one another might be able to draw
upon this well of knowledge, though it's hardly some-
thing to rely upon.

On occasion, the disparate personalities can be
reintegrated. In game terms, this can be attempted
through healing quests (often one per persona), allow-
ing the spirits to judge each personality. Note that a
reintegrated personality is not simply a return to the
original, base persona. Rather, it is an integration ofall
of those extant into one, though some of them may not
be evident in the final accounting.

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos

Aternate Coaroy Forsovalibar

Ivis entirely possible for a Garou with MPD to
develop multiple Garou personalities instead of
human ones. (To date, there's little evidence to
support the notion of MPD in wolves, and as far as
Werewolf is concerned, this is strictly a human-
style affliction.) Additional Garou personae need
not share breed, auspice or tribe with the base
personality. However, this does not mean that the
character can swap personalities and suddenly
start using a different Tribe's Gifts. While an
additional personality may display an uncanny
amount of knowledge about his tribe, he does not
have access to that tribe's Gifts — and he may not
know how to use the base personality's powers.

Knowledge of Rites can, however, be pos-
sessed by an alternate personality, with the caveat
that none of a Garou's other personae can be of
higher rank than the base one. In addition, fe-
tishes and talens that are bound to a particular
persona may or may not work for a different one.
It depends on how the spirits are feeling.

Aretha

Contrary to popular belief, amnesia is rarely, if
ever caused by the impact of a frying pan, anvil or
other heavy object to the back of the head. (Disori-
entation and memory loss caused by that sort of
trauma are more properly ascribed to concussion.)
Instead, it isa result of stress, and it often results in the
afflicted individual losing some or all memory of the
areas of her life related to the most pressing stressors.
In many instances, the victim picks up and builds a
new life with striking similarities to her old one. Her
personality doesn't change, and memories of survival
skills, etc. don't vanish. Instead, it is details, names
and faces that are simply gone from memory. Some-
times they can be brought back, sometimes they
can't, and often a victim is astonished when her
former loved ones track her down with incontrovert-
ible evidence of who she used to be.

For Garou, the impact of amnesia is obvious. Sept
and pack responsibilities, not to mention knowledge of
Gifts, rites and so forth, are most likely to be blocked
out by the affliction. Those responsibilities are likely
to be abandoned without warning, meaning that they
will gountended until someone figures out that there's
no one doing them any more. The results of this
abandonment can only be imagined. The amnesiac

109

|

werewolf, however, is likely to begin a new life some

where else with no idea of what she really is. In many
cases, it is highly likely that the victim will subcon-
sciously choose lupus form; life as a wolf being inher-
ently less stressful than modern human existence in
most statistical samples. She will most likely forget she
is Garou, though it's entirely possible that she will
remember that and not her name, tribe, rank and so
forth. However, even if the victim does forget what she
is, the Wyrm won't, Others who know how to look will
recognize her for what she is, even if she herself
doesn't. And as such, she is liable to be the target of
attacks that are utterly incomprehensible to her, sig-
nals and approaches from spirits and Garou that make
no sense (and which may convince her that she's going
insane in an entirely different direction) and so forth

Whatis less likely is that amnesia will strike during
a stress situation, say, the performance of a rite. In-
stead, it will generally strike without warning at an
unexpected moment. The causes of amnesia are usu-
ally incremental, not sudden, and it is the weight of
accumulated incidents, not one shock, that triggers
the syndrome. It should be noted, however, that a
particularly traumatic single experience can cause
amnesia, though often such cases are related to the
incident in question, as opposed to a general erasure of
the victim's personal history.

A healing quest or the aid of spirits can be used to
restore a werewolf's memories once they've vanished
in this way, though there are times when it may well be
better to let the victim be. In addition, itis well known
that Corax and Mokolé have rites for working with
memories that may well be efficacious — if they are
willing to share.

Zijolar Dysorders

Dealing with extremes of behavior both manic and
depressive, bipolar disorders are relatively common
among Garou. As the latter state is often linked or even
confused with Harano (see below), bipolar disorders
well known and feared in the Garou Nation.

In manic state, someone with bipolar is filled with
boundless energy and enthusiasm. The flip side is the

Srory Pook

Running across an amnesiac Garou and re-
turning her to the fold makes for an interesting
twist on the "discover the lost cub and bring her
into the tribe" storyline that is often a part of many
chronicles. After all, who knows what secrets the
victim has worked so hard to forget — or what
caused her to forget them? The answers could be
terrifying indeed.

110

Book of the Wyld

LE Te EE TY

depressive phase, in which the sufferer has little or no
energy, no interest in accomplishing anything and so
forth. While a werewolf in manic state — and his
unnatural energy level may initially be welcomed by his
sept, it isn't long before someone figures out what's
what. A Garou in manic phase is liable to launch
multiple ambitiousprojectssimultaneously, leavingthem
half-finished. He's also liable to go charging off into the
teeth of danger heedlessly, convinced he can whip a
Nexus Crawler before breakfast. This lunatic bravado
renders plans useless because the manic character will
just charge in, regardless of the danger. It then becomes
his packmates' job to watch his back, and more often
than not they're the ones who pay the price

The switch to depressive phase, however, is swift
and devastating. Suddenly the Garou is convinced of
his own powerlessness. Nothing seems worth doing,
not even the rites necessary to maintain the caern. If
called on to fight, he does so half-heartedly and inef-
fectively. Spirits will sense this as well and be uncom-
fortable around the character, which can only lead to
a deepening depression. It can also make life hard on
the rest of the pack if the character refuses to partici-
pate in duties and quests, or comes along and operates
at such a reduced efficiency. The situation is a catch-
22, however, as leaving the afflicted Garou behind is
liable to worsen his condition, but taking him along
creates unfairand dangerous burdens for everyone else.

Depresvlen avd Vlarapo

Harano is a form of mental illness with which the
Garou are intimately acquainted, much to their sor-
row. Essentially a species-specific form of depression,
Harano occurs when. a werewolf "realizes" the hope-
lessness of his — and all of the Garou Nation's —
situation, What follows is an abandonment of hope, a
spiral into depression and loss of the will to live. Garou
cannot be cozened, cajoled or otherwise rescued from
Harano; they need to fight their way out on their own.
Other Garou know that, and leave well enough alone.

Unfortunately, Garou psychiatry hasnotadvanced
to the point where the average werewolf can tell the
difference between Harano and ordinary depression.
Victims of the latter are thus treated like the former,
which means that many otherwise treatable Garou are

left to their own, inadequate devices.

toblat

Phobias are irrational, immobilizing terrors. Com-
mon ones include the fear of heights, fear of insects or
spiders, fear of crowds and so forth. However, there are
as many phobias are there are things to be afraid of out
there. After all, they are irrational fears, which means
that anything can spark them.


A werewolf with a phobia is highly unlikely to
admit his terror even to his packmates. The sort of fear
a phobia represents is antithetical to the Garou ideal,
and much of the time a Garou thus afflicted will do
anything to cover up his weakness.

That means, of course, that when the phobia does
eventually come to light, the results are generally
devastating. If a plan to infiltrate an Endron refinery
depends on split-second timing and one pack member
is hiding behind a dumpster because he saw a large,
hairy spider, it's suddenly a lot less likely that the plan

Chapter Four: A Handful of Chaos

RE ————

ry a PAT PEE Ne meme

will succeed, and a lot more likely that the rest of the
pack is suddenly in a great deal of trouble.

Te Rash of the Larkion

As noted above, this is hardly an exhaustive list of
mental disorders and how they affect Garou. There are
myriad other problems that characters may be so
unlucky as to develop that can affect a chronicle.
Should (and only if) the situation demand it, a Story-
teller should feel free to inflict anything she wants to
on her hapless players. However, it's best to do at least.
amodicum of research on the topic first, so as to be able
to present the material accurately.

|

we

C

4
1
id
A


WW yfls Fetihet

The Wyld can occasionally be generous. There are
many and various gifts that it can bestow on its erst-
while allies, the Garou; gifts of varying potency and use
in the war to preserve the Wyld itself

That being said, the Wyld is also extremely fickle
about where it bestows its favor and in what fashion it
does so. The following Wyld fetishes are "true" Wyld
fetishes— they are not reproducible by the Garou, and
attempts to fabricate them always end in failure. In-
stead, they are simply found. Sometimes they appear,
sometimes they are transmogrifications of perfectly
mundane items, and sometimes an emissary of the

Wyld delivers them by hand (or claw, or tentacle, or so
forth). Some last for centuries and are handed down
within a sept; others crumble to dust after a single use.
The only guarantee is that there are no guarantees with
gifts from the Wyld.

Most Wyld fetishes are either animal-shaped or
somehow related to animal or plant life. Often, they
are effigies of some sort of living creature

Curiously enough, all Wyld fetishes are automati-
cally attuned to the Garou who finds them, but can't
be passed to another. It would seem that the Wyld likes
to personalize its gifts.

Chapter Five: Tools of Creation 113


Nofe

Itmay be more useful to think of Wyld fetishes
as multiple-use talens than as fetishes proper.
After all, the Garou does no binding of spirits and
is simply an end-user in the process. A Garou
attempting to recreate a Wyld fetish is most likely
going to meet only with frustration anda total lack
of results, If he's really unlucky, he'll attract un-
wanted attention with his efforts, and then things
could get really ugly. Having the Wyld peering
over your shoulder while you're experimenting is
never a good idea.

Ghat Wipes

Level One, Gnosis 5

Glass mites aren't alive in any strict
sense of the word. They simply mimic
thatstate remarkably well. Glass beads
no more than a half-inch in diam-
eter, a handful of mites will sit com-
fortably in a leather pouch for days
or even years until
needed. How-
ever, once they
are activated it
is both time-
consuming and
difficult to recap-
ture them.

Once trig-
gered, glass mites t
animate into a
frenzy of
sound and
motion.

Book of the Wyld

Spread out on the ground and infused with Gnosis,
they swirl intoa hovering cloud of multifaceted annoy-
ance. While they don't actually attack a particular
target, they will torment a chosen victim through
distraction, getting underfoot, high-pitched chittering
and so forth.

Systems: Any victim of an infestation of glass
mites is at a +1 difficulty to perform any action, +2 for
anything involving concentration. This lasts until the
energy infusing the mites drains out or they get bored
and wander off. Either is liable to take between one and
eight turns
A victim of glass mites will appear to be flailing at
nothing, jumping at shadows and generally acting
very strangely. However, anyone seeking to
take advantage of this by attacking the
victim immediately scatters the glass mites,

and releases the target from his torment.

Green Legper

Level Two, Gnosis 4

A Green Leaper is nothing more than
a roughly frog-shaped lump of moss. It's
quite fragile, and must be kept moist lest it
crumble to dust. However, when a Garou
concentrates and turns the Leaper loose, it
suddenly looks much more frog-like and
indeed becomesanimate, leaping from
surface to surface in a random pat-

tern. This includes living creatures,

2 } and more than one Pentex goon has

¥ been unnerved by the sight of ver-
dant growth emerging from his gun
hand as he watches.

Systems: Where the Leaper lands, a
patch of moss immediately starts grow-
ing. While this may not seem like much,
a sudden lush outgrowth of moss can play
havoc with electronics, computer equipment
and so forth. The moss is easily removed, and the
Leaper reverts to its original, inanimate state after six
turns. However, it can jump up to a dozen times
within the space of a single turn, leaving quite a mess
behind it.

On rare occasions (and with the expenditure ofan
extra point of Gnosis), the patch of moss the Leaper
leaves behind starts to spread rapidly. This fact has
produced a favored monkeywrenching tactic: shoving
overcharged Leapers under the door into server or
control rooms and turning them loose. Within min-
utes, the entire room is liable to be covered in a thick
growth of soft moss, which needless to say, doesn't do
the equipment any good at all.


JSuarmbage

Level Two, Gnosis 4
Simple cloth pouches, tiedand knotted with leather
thongs — swarmbags don't look like much. True, they
do have something of an unpleasant consistency to
them, butuntil thrown they are inert lumpsand nothing
more. The shapeshifter lucky enough to be granted
these talens usually finds between four and a dozen.

Once they are tossed at an enemy, however,
swarmbags become an entirely different proposition.
On contact (a Dexterity + Athletics roll, difficulty 5 is
required to score a direct hit), the bag bursts open as a
swarm of crawling, biting creatures erupts and franti-
cally scurries about whatever — or whomever — the
bag has hit.

Systems: Without a successful Willpower roll
(difficulty 7), the target immediately ceases whatever
he was doing and starts trying to sweep the bugs off of
himself. Doing so requires 2 successful Dexterity rolls
(difficulty 6), giving the werewolf who tossed the
swarmbag in the first place at least one clear shot. Even
those targets who make their Willpower rolls are at +1
difficulty forall actions until the bugsare either scraped
off or fall off of their own accord.

The contents of a swarmbag are a mixed lot:
insects, arachnids, worms and less identifiable crea-
tures. None are venomous, but some bite (albeit for no
damage). The creatures swarm for up to 6 turns after
being hurled ata target, and they will not infest anyone
or anything except their original victim.

Only one Swarmbag can be thrown at a time,
though enterprising Garou have attempted double-
barreled action in the past.

The Bent Vine

Level Three, Gnosis 5

The Bent Vine is nothing more than a withered
and dried piece of kudzu with a glyph scratched pains-
takingly into it. No more than three inches long, it's
utterly unremarkable to look at. However, when
dropped on soil ofany sort, the Bent Vine springs to life
asapositive hydra of greenery. Ifit's broughtin contact
with vines that already exist, it stirs them into a frenzy
of explosive growth. The resultant wave of vines is
aggressive, dangerous and inclined towards grabbing
anything nearby for purposes of pulling bits of it in
multiple directions. As a result, Bent Vines make
excellent cover for a Garou looking to beat a hasty
retreat in the face of aggressive pursuit.

Systems: A Bent Vine has a Strength of 4 and a
Dexterity of 5, and can make up to a dozen attacks per
turn. The Vine itself must land on either soil or plant

matter to be effective, but once it is activated, the
monstrous growth is almost instantaneous. A con-
tested Strength roll (difficulty 6) isneeded to tear loos
from a clinging vine, but as up to five vines can nab a
Garou-sized target at once, it's entirely possible for
someone to get overwhelmed, quickly

There are no degrees of aggressiveness for Bent
Vines. Once they are called forth, they are mindlessly
ferocious. Furthermore, they make no distinction be-
tween friend and foe, and a Garou who stops to watch
his handiwork runs the risk of getting alittle too close
to the action.

Bent Vines last for five turns, though the invest-
ment of a point of Rage can double the duration.

Cold lebor

Level Three, Gnosis 6

Cold Ichor occasionally manifests itself in the
dew off certain species of tree found near Wyld
places. The fluid is an iridescent, almost glowing
green that easily catches the eye, and itcollects in just
afew leaves ata time. Garou who recognize the liquid
for what it is harvest it very carefully, or else give the
tree producing it a wide berth. Cold Ichor can be
stored very easily in glass or ceramic, and it is neither
caustic nor acidic, Until used, it will sit quiescently in
whatever container holds it, perhaps glowing faintly
in the proper light

Garou who harvest Cold Ichor, however, are very
careful with it, and will wash themselves thoroughly
after even coming near the stuff. It's simply too danger-
ous to treat with anything other than extreme caution.

System: What Cold Ichor does is dramatically
accelerate cell growth in anything it touches, once
activated. Both plant and animal matter are affected,
succumbing to rampant, uncontrolled growth that can
have absolutely dire consequences. External contact
tends to produce huge (usually benign) tumors; inter-
nal use can produce something best described as an
extremely accelerated cancer. The actual effects are
variable (and their game effects are left to Storyteller
discretion), but drinking something that's been laced
with Cold Ichor is almost always a very bad idea.

Note that the substance also produces massive
sudden growth in plant life as well, which is useful for
rapidly camouflaging a cache with overgrowth and
suchlike. For some reason, Cold Ichor is much less
destructive to plant tissue than to animal, though
caution in using it is still an excellent idea.

The effect of Cold Ichor is almost instantaneous,
though it only lasts for a minute or so. However, in
most cases a minute is more than enough.

Chapter Five: Tools of Creation 115

SS a eS oN

p

Deo Boge

Level Three, Gnosis 6

While it's not necessarily the most attentive mem-
ber of the Triat, the Wyld does keep up with the times.
It also, if this fetish is any indication, possesses a
mediocre-to-poor sense of humor. Ded Bugz are almost
exactly what their name would suggest, insect cadavers
tucked into grass-and-straw versions of themselves.
(Purists suggest that this is related to the custom of the
wicker man; cynics note that it's difficult to carry
around dead bugs without squashing them beyond
recognition. The Wyld itself is mum on the matter.)
No more than an inch or two long, these fragile
contraptions nonetheless can be quite effective

System: A Ded Bug randomizes numbers and fries
systems. It's excellent for wiping disks and otherwise
making computer equipment emphatically unservice-
able. The Bug does not emit an electromagnetic pulse.
Rather, it tells all of the local ones and zeroes that they
have the opportunity to mix themselves up again, as it
were, effectively fragging any sort of storage medium.
Alll that's required for this effect is for the Garou
possessing the Ded Bug to place it on top of the system,
disc or other item she wants randomized, and then to
concentrate on the target item. The one caveat is that
the Ded Bug must be in perfect condition for it to
function, which means that the Garou toting this item
around must be extremely cautious.

Ded Bugz do not, however, work on living tissue,
though trying to fry someone's mind with one isa good
way to get various Wyld-spirits very irritated.

Nipiftore

Level Three, Gnosis 6

A Wyldflute is a variation on the panpipes, and
looks about as threatening. A non-Garou playing one
is liable to get a series of toots and whistles, nothing
more. A Garou who's in the know, however, can get
something far more impressive

System: The Wyldflute, when played for effect,
instantly instills a single emotion at fever pitch in all
that hear it. The unfortunate things that the emotion
instilled is random from listener to listener. One may
feel joy, another terror, a third inchoate rage. The
effect is, as one would expect of a gift from the Wyld,
totally without rhyme or reason, and the end result is
often pure chaos.

A successful Willpower roll (difficulty 7) en-
ables a listener to resist the effects of the Wyldflute,
though another roll must be made for every minute
that the flute's music can be heard. Note that the
Wyldflute must actually be played for its powers to

116

Book of the Wyld

Tn On A

have any effect. Random huffing and puffing doesn't
get the job done.

Stevan Sande

Level Four, Gnosis 7

Birnam sands don't look like anything spectacu-
lar. Indeed, they resemble nothing so much as a hand-
ful of yellowish dust, marred with occasional sparkles
that the untrained eye might take for flakes of mica or
quartz. Close examination, however, reveals that the
shimmersactually move throughout che sind ata pace
just short of a blur.

What the Birnam sands do is quite remarkable. A
pinch of the dust, properly activated and sprinkled in
acircle around the base ofa tree, is enough to convince
the tee to pick up ite meee (Hemporatily) anid go
walking in a random direction. Needless to say, a
hundred-year old oak tree gallivanting about using its
roots for legs can do quite a bit of damage, and when a
paitivalatly Gialty werewolf gewawholemoveupand
stomping around avonce) the results-are usually quite
impressive. The effect of the sands lasts up toa halfan
hour, and while the trees seem to be utterly chaotic in
their motion, they always somehow manage to avoid
colliding with one another or with the Garou who
turned them loose. Said Garou's companions, how-
ever, may not be'quice 46 lueley

When the effect of the sands wears off, the trees re-
root themselves comfortably and stably in their cur-
rent.positions: Left behind are-gaping holes in the
earth and torn-up sod where they once stood, but
anyone looking at the trees' new positions would have
gworn'they'd been there for years.

System: Generally a small handful of the sands
can handle between one and five trees, a medium one
between five and 10; and a'fall poudh up wo 20:ttees.
There are songs of legendary Garou spreading enough
of this material around to wake entire forests, but the
amount of sand needed to accomplish that feat is
simply mind-boggling.

The Garou who wakens the trees will not be
harmed by them. However, she also has no control
over them; the best she can do is stay out of their way.
Awakened trees have no apparent sightor hearing, but
they can téspond to'a threat. Anyone attempting to.
eat dewngoretherwise harma:rampaging tree is liable
to be trampled by several cons of very angry wood.
However, even just a blundering tree is liable to do a
Jot'of damage to' buildings; care' and whatever;poor
souls get in its way.

Like all other Wyld fetishes, Birnam sands are
found, not made. Occasional upwellings can be dis-
covered near Wyld places, but such fountains are


always brief, and always vanished upon a return visit.
Essentially, the Garou who is lucky enough to find
such a deposit (assuming he knows what he's found)
can take as way as much as he can carry at the time, but
that's all. Upwellings of Birnam Sands are only found
by solitary Garou, for some reason. Attempts by a
werewolf to inform others of his find inevitably pro-
duce nothing more than barren patches of sand and
faint echoes of mocking laughter.

P4mordd Sime

Level Four, Gnosis 5

Primordial Slime is possibly the Wyld's ugliest
creation, and there's plenty of competition for that
title. A dull greenish-black in color, it has the consis
tency of vomit and a stench to match. Only glazed
ceramic jars will hold the stuff safely, though Glass
Walkers swear by Pyrex lab glassware. In any case, it's
vicious stuff, but thankfully not at all common.

Where the stuff. comes from is unknown, and very
few Garou are at all eager to find out. Even the name
is something of a mystery. According to lore, a young
Glass Walker Theurge saw it for the first time and
commented derisively that it looked like the primor-
dial slime back before life had dragged itself into
existence. The story was passed around and the name
stuck, but the laughter at the tale has always been just
a little bit uneasy

System: Primordial Slime's one great attribute
is that of transmogrification. Brushed onto any non-
living surface (only a brush made from Garou hair
will do; anythingelse is changed instantly), it changes
that surface into another substance. While the Slime
is incapable of transforming inorganic matter into
living tissue, it can turn a brass padlock into chalk,
alength of rope into steel cable, or a stone wall into
cheese. However, it can also turn that stone wall
into strontium-90 or glass — the effect is totally and
utterly random.

The only other limitation on the use of Primordial
Slime is that something that has been changed once
cannot ever be affected by the liquid again. This makes
its use a gamble, and never something to rely on.

Stove Xtthle

Level Four, Gnosis Variable

Contrary to its name, the Stone Kettle is not, in
fact, made of stone. Usually it's blackened iron,
sometimes wood, but always deceptively rough-
hewn. There's only the vaguest glimmer of anything
supernatural about the kettle (which, in truth, looks

Chapter Five: Tools of Creation

SN

exactly like a cheap piece of cookware), and only
those looking hard will notice that the battered pot
is more than it seems.

Forwhilea Stone Kettle can be used as simply that,
it also can perform a few other, more interesting
functions. With just some boiled water and a stone, a
Garou who knows what he's doing can use the Kettle
to boil up vapors, stenches, clouds and suchlike to suit
his purposes. If he doesn't know what he's doing,
however, he just might brew something with unex-
pected — and dangerous — consequence

System: Unless the werewolf working with Stone
Kettle invokes the Wyld beforehand, it functions as
just an ordinary pot. Anyone attempting to activate it
without doing so is liable to get nothing more than
several helpings of granite-flavored broth, and that's if
he's lucky. If, however, the werewolf knows his bu
ness and does things properly, he can cook up practi-
cally any sort of cloud within reason. The type of fog to
be summoned must be specified beforehand — if itis
not, the exact sort of foul smoke that comes out of the
kettle is left to Storyteller discretion. However, it is
unlikely to be helpful to the Garou wielding the ladle,
or even safe.

A Wits + Rituals roll (difficulty 6) is necessary to
summon forth the kettle's contents. The more suc-
cesses, the greater the volume of cloud summoned and
the longer it lasts.

Gnosis Rolls for Summonings from the Kettle

A Fog, Cold wind, a faint, pleasant aroma
6 Stench-laden fogs, Icy winds, Smoke
7 Clouds thick enough to make those trapped in

them choke,

9 Clouds thick enough to make those trapped in
them ill

Note: The Kettle costs an additional point of Gnosis to

activate for each level of fog created.

The uses of the Kettle are limited only by the
Garou's imagination, and the fact that under no cir-
cumstances will the Kettle brew up something that is
an actual poison. The first time a Garou attempts todo
so, the Kettle will shatter.

Venomous Suarmbage
Level Four, Gnosis 6

These are identical to regular Swarmbags, except
that the creatures released are all venomous to a
greater or lesser degree. While it is unlikely that any
given bite will be deadly, there isalways that chance..

117


Wihonhjp

Level Five, Gnosis 5

Appearingas nothing more thana green, leafy coil
of willow branch, a Willowhip is surprisingly deadly for
something so innocuous-looking. Extending up to 18
feet in length, the Willowhip is used exactly like a
bullwhip, though to much greater effect.

System: When a Willowhip wraps the arm or leg
of an opponent, it does not release. Rather, it grows —
encasing and mummifying the victim in green willow
wood in just three turns. When the proces
pleted, the Willowhip breaks off at its normal length.

A Strength roll (difficulty 8) is required to break
free, but that just undoes one turn's worth of growth.
A victim who is completely encapsulated needs three
successful rolls to break free. While the mummifica-
tion process is happening, the Garou who possesses the
Willowhip cannot take any other action involving the
whip. If she does so, the process aborts instantly.

is com-

Once a victim is mummified, he is completely
immobilized. On a botched Strength check, he be-
gins to suffocate, and unless freed within five turns,
he will asphyxiate.

Rites of be Wil

There are relatively few rites strictly associated
with the Wyld itself. After all, the notion of the rite
involvesacertain formality, which isat odds with what
the Wyld stands for. That being said, there are excep-
tions to every rule

Wyld rites tend to be passionate, energetic and
loud. They may have set starting points, but they
generally run until the participants drop from sheer
exhaustion. Furthermore, such rituals are not gentle
There is every chance of bloodshed (intentional or
otherwise) during the frenzy, and passersby thatstumble
actoss this sort of thing are unlikely to get out with all
of their limbs intact.

Rie of Cnsalting the Eatb

Level Two

Perhaps the gentlest Wyld rite, this serves to
reconsecrate barren ground to the service of life and
growth. Originally used to restore cropland salted by
the Romans, the rite istused more frequently these days
toreclaim lands that have been tainted with pollution
or paved over and subsequently abandoned.

The rite itself is rather lengthy, beginning with
chanting as two Garou stride the perimeter of the area
to be affected. One carries a bowl of water, the other a

118

Book of the Wyld

LE LT TT

bowl of blood (chicken blood is usually sufficient), and
they sprinkle this on the ground as they walk. Ideally,
the water and blood will run out as the Garou meet
back at their starting point. According to tradition, if
they run out beforehand, the rite is doomed to failure.

Any other Garou then cross the boundary of blood
and water and make a ritual furrow from one end of the
field to the other. No tools can be used in this labor, or
else the entire effect is spoiled.

System: If the rite is performed properly, the
site becomes much more Wyld-friendly and fertile,
and may well actually produce life come springtime.
Inaddition, Wyrm-and Weaver-creatures find them-
selves at a +1 difficulty on all rolls while in the
newly consecrated area, and this effect lasts for a
year and a day

Ripe of the Fertile Seaton

Level Three

Performed on the day the last snow melts, the
Rite of the Fertile Season exists to ensure fertility for
all things — plants, animals and those humans and
Garou indulging in hanky-panky. Kinfolk are wel-
comed, nay, demanded at the performance of this
rite, which generally grows carnal before much time
has passed. A bacchanal of wine, carnality and pas
sion, the Rite of the Fertile Season has been described
asa party with occasional bits of chanting, and that's
fairly close to the truth

The Rite, however, is not outsider-friendly. Any-
one accidentally intruding has an equal chance of
being swept up in the madness or being torn limb from
limb. Resisting the ambiance is a sure way to meet an
untimely fate, while giving in to it can have unex-
pected consequences.

Systems: The Rite of the Fertile Season mak
anything exposed to it more fertile — almost. (Metis
remain as sterile as ever; a simple rite isn't good enough
to undo one of Gaia's heaviest decrees — or curses.
Most septs won't allow metis anywhere near the rite,
anyway, feeling that their sterility might offend the
Wyld-spirits that empower it.) Enterprising young
Garou have begun experimenting with bringing ev-
erything from window boxes full of cannabis to crystal
growth experiments to the rite, to see how far its power
extends. The traditional use of the rite, however, is to
ensure the next generation of the Garou Nation. With
the Apocalypse straining at the seams, however, some
septs have set this rite aside, concerned that there
won't be time for the next generation to reach child-
hood before the war reaches its peak


JSrorypeller Note
Some of your players may be uncomfortable with playing out this rite, even with discreet and tasteful
fades-to'black: Others rnay nove thar tes unlikely to have anptamueliaes play tnibact: However therite
igvery uselul forsetting up storylines the prophesied child wlio ‘aust be born, the growth experiment
that gets out of control — and fits very nicely into a chronicle in that respect. (This is particularly true
of historical chronicles, when the Apocalypse isn't looming over the players' heads, and there will
probably be time/for theprophesied child vo reach adulthood.) levourplavertare uncomfortable'with the
rite, that's one thing, and their sensibilities should be noted. If, however, they don't think anything

storywise can come of the rite, feel free to prove them very, very wrong.

Chapter Five: Tools of Creation 119

Se: SES Ea NN EN

PrimahkGhaos = i

The Weaver has tried to bind it. The Wyrm has tried to devour it. It's beset on all sides,
its back to the wall. But the Wyld isn't giving up yet. It's the fountain of all possibilities, the :
fount of creation. And to the Garou who try to protect it and its children from extinction, 5" )
it's something more — it's hope itself. But be careful, because the Wyld's help can be double- i
edged indeed... tenes

The Wild Side of the Triat

The three books of the Triat are now complete. Book of the Wyld offers a look at the most
enigmatic and misunderstood of the great spirit-forces of the universe, examining the Wyld's
contribution to the universe, its role in the World of Darkness — and the methods it uses to
defend itself. Here you'll find allies and equipment to help you
') defend the Wyld — or unexpected enemies.
Because if there's one thing the Wyld is for
certain, it's unpredictable.

Book of the Wyld confains:

A long look at the third member of the
Triat and the difficulties it faces
¢ A bestiary of Wyld-spirits and gorgons, the
i > spirits-in-flesh servants of the Wyld
: ; © Storytelling the Wyld as ally and antagonist,
Wyld fetishes and rites, details on insanity
