# File: Book Of Auspices.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


BOGKOOS

AUSPICES

5 |

‘B

‘de,

BY MATT MCFARLAND, DEENA MCKINNEY AND JULIAN MENSCH

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN* HAGEN ~
a |

NG

Seamer cere eraser eres eaves sam are ann an remsmaorrensmnerensvh

Cele pedal Defcaftion

Authors: Matt McFarland (Legends of the Garou, To Jessica Hanna, great gamer and greater friend.

Galliards), Deena McKinney (Ragabash, Philodox) We will always miss you, Heather, and Benjamin.
and Julian Mensch (Introduction, Theurges, Ahroun).
Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Reine Hagen

Storyteller game system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: John Bridges, Steve Prescott, Jeff Rebner, Ron
Spencer, Melissa Uran

Cover Art: Steve Prescott

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Typ Sturn

p STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083
USA

WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of
the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trademarks
of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling
the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Mind's Eye
Theatre, Trinity and Book of Auspices are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Book of Auspices

——————

—_


mr

Linfoft
Segerdl of He Garoy: Fir out of hve
loprody thon: Beloved of Lina
Capper One: Qurattiont Wybout Anmers (Rigabeth)
apher Tio: Keepers of te toby Nystoriat (Fhewrge)
Chapter 7 tiree-Lay and Order Chhoder)
hapher Four: Old Lpertat and New Jonge (Gabbard)
Dapher Five: Avengept of the Sacred Mopber trom)

Contents

alana ieee



"Anyway, that's the deal. The tribe is willing to
sponsor us — and by ‘sponsor,' I mean ‘give us lots of
money' — if we agree." He taps the ash off his cigarette,
and gives me that tight-lipped smile again. I have no
idea how he does it — the guy manages an ear-to-ear
grin without parting his lips. It's grotesque.

I fan the smoke away and look out the window. I'm
really considering his offer, and it's not the money.
Hell, I make enough money — my fall line's doing
really well. It's the notion of joining a pack. I miss it.
And with the tribe's sponsorship, we could probably
travel. That'd be a nice perk — one of the many
reasons I've been gun-shy about joining a new pack is
that I'm nervous about getting tied down to one sept.

He doesn't let up. "It'd be great, Corina. We'd be
about the only uni-tribal pack operating anywhere in
the country. I've heard on the down-low from sept
leaders in four different cities that they'd be very keen
on having us visit, help out," he pauses for effect,
"share stories."

Bastard.

I never got to tell stories much in my old pack.
Don't know why. Probably because we were based out

Four out of Five

of the Valkenberg Foundation, not a caern, so we
didn't have a monthly moot, which meant no fixed
time to howl at the moon.

"So who all would it be?" He lights up at the
question.

"It'd be me, you, Jack — you know, the herbalist
guy — and Rowe."

Something's wrong here.

"That's only four, Elton." He shrugs. "No, I mean
that's not acomplete pack." I hold up five fingers. "I'm
a Galliard, you're a Ragabash, Jack's a Theurge, and
Rowe's a Philodox. So where's our full-moon?" My
middle finger's the only one left up, but he doesn't
notice.

Elton stubs out his cigarette. "Well, we did have a
line on this one kid but he got killed defending a caern
outside Phoenix. Tough break, but I really think we
could go ahead without an Ahroun." He smirks. "Not
like we don't all know how to fight, right?"

I shake my head. "Yeah, that's pretty much what
we said, too, and it almost got us all killed. ‘Not like we
all don't know the Litany.' Christ in a cartoon."

"What are you talking about, Corina?"

Legends of the Garou: Four out of Five 5

4


I stand up and grab a bottle of water out of his
fridge. My voice isn't used to speeches, which is damned
embarrassing.

"Let me tell you a story."

eee

"All right, folks, listen up." Zoe McKenna walked
from the main compound at Valkenberg. The rest of
her pack sat under an awning in the shade. Corina and
Steven were playing war, with Lysistrata looking on
and trying to figure out the rules.

Zoe handed a photograph of a Japanese man to
Corina. "How's your Japanese?"

"Skoshi," she responded. Zoe nodded.

"Good. Guy we're looking for is Hiro Natsuko.
Software engineer in Seattle." Steven grinned —
Seattle was his hometown. "There's a sept there called
Stone Skies. Mostly Glass Walkers and some Shadow
Lords, I guess. We can't moon bridge in — they're
cautious about using the bridge except in emergencies
— but they said we can crash there."

Lysistrata rested her chin on Steven's lap. "We
know he's Garou?"

Zoe mopped her brow — even in the shade, the
Wyoming heat was oppressive. "Yeah, pretty sure.
Report from a Bone Gnawer Kin snoop. Poor guy saw
Hiro walk out to his car, and then turn and start
chasing after a guy walking his dog. Said he was
running on all fours, but didn't get any farther than
Glabro form."

"Well, that's a mercy." Steven stretched. "So he's
still functional? Still going to work?"

"Yeah, evidently he's not as far gone as that first
Lunatic we chased." She nudged Corina with a toe.
"Say something, girl."

Corina stood up. "You know what I'm going to say.
It feels weird, only four of us."

"What moon lost cub?" Lysistrata again, now
sitting on her haunches to look up at her packmates.

"Don't know, Lys," answered Zoe. "Maybe he's a
half-moon, and we can make Corina feel better." She
pulled her hair back and tied it with a bandana.
"Either way, let's get moving. Our plane leaves in
about three hours."

eee

"So you only had four then, too?" He's lit up
another cigarette. | nod. I thought I made that pretty
clear.

"Yeah, we were missing a Philodox. The
Valkenberg Foundation can't afford to be choosy. I'm
noteven sure if they currently have a Questing Pack, let
alone whether they've got five."

"So did you find this Hiro guy?"

I look out the window uncomfortably. "Yeah, we
did."

eee

The plane arrived without incident. They rode to
the caern in the rented van, Zoe driving, Corina riding
shotgun brushing up on her Japanese, Steven and
Lysistrata wrestling playfully in the back seat. They
crossed the bawn into the Sept of the Stone Skies
shortly after sundown, and Corina dialed a number on
her cell phone.

"Yes?"

She strained to remember the proper method of
introduction. Most Glass Walker septs weren't too
formal, but this one hada sizable Shadow Lord contin-
gent. Why hadn't she bothered to learn these rules?

"Umm...hi. We're the Questing Pack. This is
Corina Blaine."

An exasperated sigh. She'd forgotten something.

"The Questing Pack from the Sept of...well, not
really from a sept, we're from Valk—"

"This is Strider-of-Darkness, an Ahroun of the
Shadow Lords and Guardian of the Sept of the Stone
Skies. And you are?" Corina felt humiliation rise in her
gut and turn to rage. She should have known what he'd
wanted.

"Fangs-on-the-Cutting-Edge, Galliard of the Glass
Walkers and member of the Questing Pack."

Another long-suffering sigh. "Where is your al-
pha?"

"Driving," snapped Corina. Zoe glanced over
sharply.

Silence for a moment, then the voice told them to
turn into a parking structure on the next corner.
Corina swung the van left and down a ramp. They
parked on the lowest level, no other cars in sight. The
four of them piled out of the van and looked about.
Corina tried the cell again, but got only static.

"Well, now what?" Zoe asked.

"1 don't know," replied Corina helplessly. He
didn't tell me. Was he supposed to? she thought.

The air shimmered, and a young man appeared
from the Umbra. He looked about twenty, and had his
sleeves rolled up to prominently display the scars on his
shoulders. He looked the pack up and down and then
asked who the alpha was.

Zoe stepped forward. "Me. Zoe McKenna." The
ordinary-sounding name didn't go over well. Zoe had
a Garou name, of course, but rarely used it.

"All right, Zoe, you and your pack follow me. The
sept leader wants to talk with you."

6 Book of Auspices

SEIN


They walked up the ramp and across the street.
Lysistrata hung on Steven's shoulder, frightened of the
city but marveling at the new perspectives that Homid
form granted. Zoe chatted with "Strider-of-Darkness,"
trying to get him out of his stone-faced Guardian
mode. Corina tried to remember the proper methods of
greeting. Shouldn't it be Zoe's job?

The Guardian led them into a nondescript office
building to an elevator. He and Zoe were talking now,
comparing notes on the best way to do maximum
damage to an opponent without changing out of Lu-
pus. Lysistrata perked up a couple of times, but had too
much trouble following the English conversation and
instead starting humming along with the elevator
music. The doors opened, and revealed several
werewolves in a comfortable-looking lounge.

One — a blonde woman wearing a violet business
suit — stood up and walked over to them. Their escort
remained on the elevator, and the Questing Pack
stood uncomfortably, feeling rather like intruders.
Steven cocked his head as though straining to hear a
faint sound. They had crossed a bawn somewhere
between here and the street.

The blonde woman looked them up and down and
waited. Zoe and Corina eyed each other nervously, and
then both stepped forward simultaneously. Corina
stepped back.

"Thank you for your hospitality." Corina could tell
Zoe was trying not to laugh. Formality made the
Ahroun contemptuous and nervous. "I'm Zo...er,
Brigid's Noble Soul, an Ahroun of the Fianna and
alpha of the Questing Pack." She paused. No response
from the blonde woman. Corina silently willed her
alpha not to say anything stupid.

It didn't work. Zoe reached up and waved her hand
in front of the blonde werewolf. "Hello?"

The woman took a step back and curled her lips in
asnarl. "Hello, cubs. Pity there aren't any half-moons
at Valkenberg." Damn, Corina thought, what did we
forget? The woman continued. "I am Wanda Udin, or
Killer's Eye, if you must. I'm an Ahroun. Glass Walker.
And I'm the Warder of this caern." She looked each of
them up and down. "For future reference, we'd really
prefer people in business dress here. When we get
visitors looking like you do, it looks strange. If the
Leeches have agents watching our buildings, a pack of
people showing up in jeans and fatigues look...out of
place." She paused at Corina, who was the only mem-
ber of the pack in business dress. "You're Corina
Blaine, aren't you?"

Corina nodded. "Yes, that's me. Or ‘Fangs-on-the-
Cutting-Edge', if you like."

Wanda smirked. "I love your work."

Corina smiled back. "Thanks. I actually designed
that top." Zoe shot Corina a glance — the Ahroun
gave her no end of grief about her profession and the
amount of time and effort it required. All four members
of the Questing Pack had undergone their First Changes
relatively late in life, and been entrenched in careers,
school, or (in Lysistrata's case) just living life when
they were called to Gaia's service. Corina had simply
been unwilling to let her old life go — even with all the
hazards walking among humans entailed.

Wanda gestured across the room. "Have coffee or
something if you'd like. Jules will be in shortly."

eee

"Jules?"

Elton's listening, but not raptly. I decide to skip
ahead a bit. "Yeah. He was a Shadow Lord, so we're
all expecting him to be oily and just generally a dick.
He was a really nice guy, though. Gave the others
some shit about the way we were dressed and a little
lecture about proper introduction procedures, but
joked about it."

"Yeah, so what? I mean, sounds like the fact that
you guys didn't have a Philodox didn't much hurt
you. So you lost a little face for being underdressed,
who cares?"

Isigh. "It got worse. We stayed the night at the sept
— we didn't get to visit the caern, which was kind of
a disappointment, but they didn't trust us enough. In
the morning, we went out and decided to scope out
Natsuko's office, and then grab him when we left that
night. It would have been so much easier with a
Philodox to confirm that he really was Garou."

Elton cocks his head. "Thought you could do
that."

I sip my water. My throat's getting sore. "I cannow.
This was the second assignment we'd had as a pack. I
had to go ona whole spirit quest to learn that Gift, and
it took me a full month." I smile at the memory. That
little spirit really put me through the wringer, but it was
worth it. "I left on that quest right after we got back to
the Foundation."

"With Natsuko?"

"You want to hear the rest of this story?"

"Yeah, sorry. Go ahead."

The corporation Natsuko worked for was housed
in a small business park on the outskirts of Seattle.
Steven knew the area well, so Zoe let him drive, but
looked out the window and occasionally moaned. She
got carsick easily.

Corina sat in the back seat and watched the little
chunk of glass tied to the rear-view mirror spinning,

Legends of the Garou: Four out of Five a

ie

i


catching the sunlight. It pointed towards Hiro
Natsuko, thanks to Steven's skill with rites. The van
pulled into the business park and the glass shard
pointed straight at the door. "Well," said Steven,
"looks like he's in the office."

Zoe opened the door. That made Corina nervous
— Zoe was impetuous on her best day. "Where are you
going?"

The pack's alpha pulled her hair back and tied her
ever-present bandana around it, a sure signal that she
was preparing for action. "I'm going to go have a word
with him."

Corina opened the door and stepped out in front
of the Ahroun. "Zoe, are you nuts? Remember what
happened last time? We had to chase that poor wolf
over three miles because she could sense that we were
different somehow. Suppose the guy goes berserk?"

Zoe grinned. "Film at eleven."

Corina glanced helplessly into the van. Steven
was looking on, but Corina knew he wouldn't say
anything. He hated confrontation. Lysistrata didn't
have any real idea of the implications of what Zoe was
suggesting. I'm on my own here, I guess. Corinasearched
her mind for a story or a parable about going off half-
cocked, but came up blank. "You just can't go in there

"Can, too. Much quicker that way. I'll just have
him come out here to talk with us. We can take him
down if we need to."

Corina glanced around the parking lot. She didn't
see anyone walking around, but it was early yet. "Damn
it, Zoe, this guy's not out of control if he's still going to
work. He's probably just as scared as we were." She hit
on inspiration. "Remember you told me about the time
you went nuts in a grocery store and started chowing
down on a side of beef in a meat locker?"

Zoe blushed and Corina noticed her eyebrows
suddenly looked darker and thicker. Oops. That may
have been the wrong thing to say. "You going to step out
of the way, Corina?" The voice had a distinct rumble
to it. Zoe was close to the edge.

Corina swallowed hard. "No. You're going to put
us all in danger." Lysistrata, sensing the tension be-
tween them, jumped out of the van and sat in Lupus
form, looking back and forth between them. Steven
unbuckled his seat belt and sat there, nervously, eyeing
the mirror.

"Fine." Zoe lashed out and Corina was on the
ground gasping for breath. She fought the rage rising
up within her, but heard seams break as she changed to
Glabro. Zoe, of course, took that asa further challenge.
She set a jackboot into Corina's ribs. The pain sub-

sided quickly enough — Zoe was still in Homid form
and wasn't really trying to hurt her packmate — but
Corina was having trouble staying in control. She
knew she could either try to get up, which Zoe would
take as a challenge, or submit, which meant that
matter was closed.

Corina felt her teeth elongate and her muscles
tense. Damnit, keep it together, she thought. Zoe could
probably kill her, and even if it didn't get to that
point, the brawl would attract attention. She counted
to ten, and sat pushed herself up to a kneeling posi-
tion. Zoe reached back with a closed fist, but Corina
instinctively stretched her throat upwards. Zoe re-
laxed. "Done now?"

Corina stood up. "You started this. But if you want
to just go stomping in there, OK, it's your show. But I'm
not going in there in this form."

"Why the hell not?"

The Glass Walker gestured towards her clothes.
"Because I'm a moderately famous person, that's why.
Somebody recognizes me, I'll lose my career, and
frankly, I don't feel like losing it just because —" she
stopped herself. Zoe didn't wait for her to finish.

"Fine. Tell you what. Lys, Steven, go in through
the Umbra and see if you can find the guy. Corina, wait
here in the van. I'm going in there to see if I can pick
him out."

Lysistrata jumped into the van and rested her
chin on Steven's leg. A moment later, they vanished.
Zoe looked at Corina. "Just keep a lookout. Think
you can handle that?" Corina didn't bother answer-
ing; she just slammed the van door. Zoe turned and
walked into the building.

Corina sat in the front seat of the van, staring at
herself in the rearview mirror. The rage had passed and
now she just felt bitter. She had a feeling she was
wrong, that she should have just gone along with Zoe's
plan (suchas it was) from the get-go, but couldn't place
why. She shifted uncomfortably in her seat, wishing
that Steven had parked the van facing the door. She
reached for the keys and found they were gone; Steven
must have pocketed them.

She considered peeking into the Umbra, just to
see if she could figure out where Lysistrata and Steven
were, but she didn't bother. She pulled out a planner
and looked over her meetings for the next week —
New York by Thursday, damn it. She thought about
the fall line and how little work she'd put into it. Every
time she tried to sketch clothes, she saw fur and blood.
She'd become too much a werewolf.

Corina smirked ruefully and touched up her
makeup. She wished for some story, some parable that

8 Book of Auspices


would help this make some sense, but all of the stories
she knew took place thousands of years ago. It wasn't
so bad among other Glass Walkers, but she'd only met
one Galliard from her own tribe and he'd had a real
"urban primitive" schtick. She couldn't relate.

The van shifted suddenly as Lysistrata appeared
from the Umbra. "Trouble," she growled.

Corina turned around in the seat. "What hap-
pened?"

"Lost brother fears us. Locked himself in a cave.
Everyone yelling."

Corina slapped a hand to her forehead. "Great."
Sure enough, the door into the office opened and
people began filing out. A moment later, Steven
appeared in the van.

"That didn't go exactly as planned."

"No shit," muttered Corina. "Now what?"

"Wait for Zoe, I guess. She went up to him, asked
him all flirty-like to come outside and talk with her,
and he panicked. Ran right for a storage closet and
locked himself in, and started screaming in Japanese."
Steven nodded at the people now clustered around the
windows, looking in excitedly. "They kept talking
about him going postal. Police are probably on their
way already — everybody's paranoid about office
shootings."

"Yeah, well, this could get worse than a shooting.
Shit!" Corina banged the steering wheel in frustration.
Zoe might still be in the building... but might not be.
Even so, Natsuko had obviously reacted poorly to her
(Zoe evidently hadn't clued in to the effect her rage
had on people) and might panic — or worse — if she
confronted him again. Corina stood up. "I'm going in."

Lysistrata looked at her nervously. "Alpha still
inside?"

Corina shrugged. "Doesn't matter. If this guy's
panicking, I might be able to talk him down. I don't
freak people out as much as Zoe and I speak some
Japanese, and besides, I fit in a little better than you
guys do." She got out of the van and walked towards the
knot of people.

The employees watched her as she approached the
door, but no one had the courage to say anything. She
pulled it open, and found herself face to face with a
young man carrying a mug that read "Black Dog Game
Factory." He looked up at her and blushed, and pointed
towards the back of the office. "There's a guy...and...1
think—"

"It's OK," said Corina. "I'm going to try to talk
to him. I speak Japanese." The man smiled, ner-
vously, then ducked by her and out the door. Poor
geek, she thought.

Legends of the Garou: Four out of Five


The office was a maze of cubicles, not quite tall
enough to obstruct her vision. She noticed that a
couple of the cube walls had been knocked over, and
papers and office junk strewn about. This must be
where Zoe found him. She wondered where her alpha
had gone.

A sudden shout snapped her to attention. She
followed the sound to the back of the office and found
a door marked "Supplies." Someone behind it was
screaming in broken Japanese. Corina couldn't catch
much, but what she did understand didn't surprise her.
The man was screaming about "monsters" and "night."
Ifthe guy wasn't a Lunatic werewolf, he certainly acted
the part.

"What the hell are you doing here?"

Corina turned to find Zoe behind her. She had lost
her shirt and her fatigues, and stood there in her
bandana, a sports bra, and a pair of boots. She looked
ridiculous. "Where are your clothes?"

"Had to change formsand lost'em. They're around
her somewhere. Answer me."

"How's your Japanese? I figured I'd have a better
chance of talking him down than you."

Zoe rolled her eyes. "Nice to think of that now.
Thought you didn't want to be recognized."

The growl left Corina's throat before she could
stop it. "Allright, enough. Don't we have better things
to do?"

Zoe nodded towards the closet. "Be my guest."

Corina knocked softly. "Hiro-san? Mr. Natsuko?"
A series of thuds, as though he was kicking the door
repeatedly. "We're here to help."

"Hell with this," hissed Zoe. "Let's just kick in the
door, grab him, and step sideways."

"You ever tried it with a Lunatic?" Corina didn't
bother turning around to ask the question.

"No."

"Then how do you know it would work?"

"Shit, I don't know." Zoe kicked a chair over. "Just
a guess. Who's supposed to know about this stuff?"

Corina didn't bother to answer. She was thinking
about her own First Change. "Listen, somebody tried
the direct approach with me my first time, too. It was
my father. I ever tell you what happened to him?"

"We don't have time for a story, Corina."

"Just listen. He tried to be all ‘modern parent' with
me and it just made me mad. When he spoke to me like
my father, like he was trying to intimidate me, I backed
down. That's probably why he's still alive, poor guy."

"OK, I got it." Zoe banged on the door. "Hiro!
Come on out! We're here to help, but we don't have

much time before—" She didn't get a chance to finish
before the door exploded outwards, flinging Zoe back-
ward into a set of cubicle walls. Hiro strode out of the
closet, now in Crinos form. His fur was jet black and his
chest broad, but he moved with a grace that Corina
had never seen froma werewolf. He turned to the Glass
Walker and bared his fangs in challenge. Oh, God, she
thought. He must think I'm prey or a mate or something.
He's going on pure instinct. What the hell do I do?

A feral roar from the other side of the office
decided it. Zoe burst from the collapsed cube walls
wearing the Hispo, and slammed into the Lunatic's
body. She knocked him down and grabbed his neck
with her jaws.

Corina heard sirens. Frantically, she spoke in
Garou. "Zoe, we've got to get out of here!"

Hiro understood the language, if not the meaning.
However, that realization seemed to frighten him even
more. He planted his palms on the ground and pushed
up. Zoe, surprised and distracted by her packmate,
released her jaws. Hiro backed up and bared his fangs
to both of them.

"Thanksa lot," snarled Zoe. The Gauntlet rippled,
and Steven and Lysistrata stood beside their packmates.
Lysistrata whined; the sirens made her uncomfortable.
Steven looked over his shoulder at the people gaping
in the windows. They probably couldn't see clearly
enough to register what was happening, but the local
news would certainly have some wild stories.

Corina hissed sharply in Garou. "Lysistrata, your
Gift. Calm him down." The Black Fury glanced up at
her packmate and then to her alpha for approval. Zoe
nodded, and crept around as though flanking Hiro.

The Lunatic followed the most obvious threat,
and for one second, turned his back on Lysistrata. She
darted forward and put one paw on his flank. Corina
watched his expression change from fear and rage to
serenity, but knew it wouldn't last long. She stepped
forward and put a hand on his massive shoulder.

She spoke to him quietly, in Japanese, trying to
comfort him. Zoe backed off a bit, and then changed
back to human form to confer with Steven. Lysistrata
whined urgently. "Cars coming."

Corina leaned in to Hiro's chest, knowing that
while in Homid form, he could kill her with one bite.
In Garou, soothingly, she said, "Change back, Hiro.
Just relax your body and change back."

"Footsteps coming now," growled Lysistrata. Zoe
stepped forward.

"We've got to get going. Leave the Lunatic if he
can't follow; we'll pick him up later in an asylum or
something."

10 Book of Auspices


Corina stayed calm, but shot her alpha a glare.
"We don't leave each other behind."

"Since when is that part of the Litany?"

Corina scoffed. "Can you recite it?"

"Litany?" The Garou turned to look at Hiro. He
was standing, naked, in Homid form. His face was
flushed with shame and he was trembling. One scare
and he's right back in frenzy, thought Corina.

Zoe looked at her pack. "All right, let's hope this
works. Lys, get these guys out of here. Steven, try your
best to get the cub into the Umbra — maybe your pet
unicorn can help." Steven bristled, but didn't answer.
"'m going to hold the police off."

Corina shook her head. The police didn't need to
be held off; if the Questing Pack could disappear into
the Umbra, they could make their way to the Sept of
the Stone Skies. Zoe wasn't thinking about the pack or
their safety, she was just burning off steam. But Steven
and Lysistrata were already vanishing, Steven holding
onto the frightened Lunatic's hand and murmuring
softly to him.

"Zoe!" Corina didn't know what she'd say, she'd
just have to improvise.

"What?" The Ahroun didn't bother to turn.

"Leave the cops alone."

Zoe cocked her head, and slowly turned around.
"You challenging me again?"

"No. I'm telling you. Leave them alone. We can
just leave."

From outside, acop's voice, amplified by a bullhorn,
made them both start. "We're coming in. Throw down
your weapons." Wonder what the hell they were told,
thought Corina.

Zoe looked her packmate up and down. "Why
should 1?"

Inspiration struck. "T'll tell you why. Remember
what Victor told us before we left? About that other
Questing Pack and how they went around just relying
on the Veil, and then that fucking Shadow Lord guy
came out of nowhere when they were in New England
and put them all on trial for breaching the Veil? It's
against the fucking Litany, Zoe. And it still applies to
us. Especially to us. We're setting an example for these
guys." She gestured outside.

Zoe took a deep breath, and then extended her
hand. "Better believe we'll take this up later." Corina
didn't answer, just gripped her alpha's hand and pushed
herself through the Gauntlet.

eee
1 down the last of the water. Elton looks at me. A
lot of Galliards I've seen take these dramatic pauses at
the ends of their stories, before telling the "punch

line." Some claim it's to heighten dramatic tension,
but really, it's to wet the whistle.

He prompts me before I start talking again.
Rude, but then we're just chatting here. "So what
happened?"

"Well, turned out Hiro was a Shadow Lord — a
Hakken, one of the Eastern guys. After we brought him
back, his Kin in Japan were fighting over him with the
Lords in Seattle. He stayed at the Foundation for a
while, then moved to Kyoto, I think."

"What'd the police say about the office?"

Ishrug. "Don't know. I didn't look. The Sept of the
Stone Skies wasn't real happy with us, obviously, so we
didn't follow up. I'm pretty sure that if there had been
any major problems, we'd have heard about it."

He leans forward. "OK, here's the thing. I under-
stand that you guys had problems because you didn't
havea Philodox, but you did all right for it. I mean, say
what you want, but you really did know the Litany—*

"You are missing the point," I say. I'm really not
much of a storyteller. I'd rather do multi-media stuff to
tell stories, which of course limits my appeal outside my
tribe. "We came within a hair's breadth of killing each
other. If the cops had seen us, or if Zoe and I had really
gotten into it, who knows what would have happened?
But if we'd had someone with us who knew the Litany,
someone who'd been trained in it, we'd have been fine,
because he would have quoted it and nobody would
have had to back down. It's an important job. All the
auspices have important jobs." I'm getting annoyed
now. Elton still has this patronizing smile on his face and
I don't know if he's doing it deliberately or not.

"I know we do. Mine's to question stuff, yeah?
Make sure that tradition's not dragging us down, and
I don't see why, with a pack of professionals, we need
an Ahroun."

Icounter that immediately. "Who'd lead us? Who'd
inspire us? I mean, | can do it with a little time and the
tight equipment, but not in a pinch. What happens
when our pack gets jumped by some Dancers or some-
thing and we need to think fast? It's not enough that
we've all been in packs before, because none of the four
of us were chosen by Luna to be Spirit Warriors. It could
mean someone gets hurt, or killed, and I'm not willing
to test my luck on that anymore."

Elton's patronizing look is gone. He looks like he's
considering what I'm saying, which is good. I take a
breath. I'm feeling a little wound up; guess I was getting
a little heated about the whole thing.

"Well, answer me this, then," he says. "What
happens when the Apocalypse finally comes, and
everybody says, ‘It's not my job'?"

I don't have an answer for that, damn it.

Legends of the Garou: Four out of Five



It is the very error of the moon;
She comes more near the earth than she was wont,

And makes men mad.

— William Shakespeare, Othello

What & an Angehoe?

It's a lot more than just a career choice or clique, to start
with. Auspice affects every aspect of a Garou's life; it has a
deep and subtle impact on who he is and why. Auspices
determine not only the way a Garou will be viewed in the
Nation, but also how he will interact with the world around
him. As with the vampires' clans and mages' Traditions, the
standard disclaimer should be put in place that a Garou is
not defined by his auspice, and players should not expect
every Galliard to be a merry minstrel or every Ahroun a
blood-soaked berserker. Garou are individuals, and their
personal nature transcends the rote combination of breed,
tribe and auspice that is listed on the character sheet.

In this case, however, we should balance this with a
disclaimer in the other direction: Auspice matters. A lot. An
auspice is not just a stereotype, or a social grouping the
werewolves devised among themselves. Auspices have mys-
tical, spiritual and psychological dimensions that impact a
Garou's character, and the difference in perspective, the
uniqueness of each auspice's perspective and the common
traits they share. Players should thus be encouraged to
explore the archetype rather than either shredding or slav-
ishly following the stereotype — there's more perversity

Introduction: Beloved of Luna

ee

than creativity ina wholly pacifist Ahroun ora Galliard who
could care less about stories and history.

Since auspices aren't just social groups, what exactly are
they? They can be compared to certain real-life social
systems (such as India's caste system), but such comparisons
almost always fall short. Castes try to force individuals into
specific roles, whereas auspices involve individuals being
born with mystically dictated suitability for a given task or
social position. Because of the mystical component and
spirit ties an auspice represents, there is literally nothing
quite like it in our real world, and auspices cannot be
properly judged in the same fashion as we would judge any
real life institution. Certainly, they might seem harshly
restrictive to modern sensibilities —and many young Garou
from urban tribes like the Glass Walkers voice just that
sentiment: that the system is outdated and needs to be
liberalized. But while some Garou may feel that auspices are
restrictive in the abstract, very few indeed truly feel that
they personally are unsuited to the role Luna has appointed
them. It resonates with their being in a way they are unable
to articulate rationally, and most Garou feel thankful to
have a niche where they can find genuine fulfillment rather

13
ee

Te a ee

Seer ren renee cree aren cae arrears mores)

a AA

than angry at being forced into a role they don't belong in.
Indeed, the very point of an auspice is that by mystical
decree it is the one role in life that it the most natural and
fulfilling to the being that possesses it. The stars and birth
cycles never make mistakes.

An important side effect of this is that unless there is

some deeply unnatural factor present in the situation (such
as mental illness, Wyrm taint or catastrophic suffering) a
Garou can eventually find true fulfillment by carrying out
the duties of her auspice. It is literally the purpose she was
created for, and nothing in the universe will bring her as

deep satisfaction and justified pride as being exemplary of

her moon sign.

An auspice is a profession. It certainly isn't "only" a

profession, but this is as good a mundane starting point as any.
If a tribe is comparable to real-life ethnicity, then auspice
matches closely with career choice. Like engineers, teachers
or policemen, members of an auspice share a trade and a
common body of skills, and this gives them a certain camara-
derie and understanding with others of their ilk. A Garou
needs training in her early years to fulfill the role that her
auspice sets before her; while some particularly nationalistic
tribes break this mold, in general cubs receive most of their
training grouped by auspice, not tribe. A Galliard must learn
legends, an Ahroun must master every aspect of war-craft and
a Theurge must learn the etiquette of the spirit worlds.

An auspice is a mindset. Because the duty it entails is so

all consuming, a Garou's moon sign colors how she looks at
the world. To an Ahroun, the world is made of things that
pose a threat to Gaia, the caern, her pack and herself; the
Theurge instead sees the world as a series of mysteries to be
explored, contemplated, understood and ultimately ex-
ploited. Galliards, with their study of legendary tales, begin
to see the world itself as a living, changing story while
Philodox see what is set before them in terms of duty, justice
and reverence. This is not to say that auspices by necessity
impose solipsistic tunnel vision on the Garou — just the
opposite, in fact. By having a defined perspective on the
world and a fixed understanding of one's place in it, the
Garou gain a greater facility for balanced judgment and
effective action than they would have with a more individu-
alistic culture of self-definition. Admittedly, sometimes this
judgment basically amounts to turning a problem over to the
experts — a Galliard will usually find a Theurge when
confronted with a spirit mystery — but the fact still remains
that auspices are one of the things that have allowed them
to survive as tenaciously as they have.

An auspice is an obligation. Garou have deeply personal

ties to their pack or sept totem, but their ties to Luna, while
more communal, are every bit as strong. The moon itself is
a deeply evocative image for Garou — it not only replen-
ishes their Rage; it reaffirms their place in the universe, gives
them the strength to continue fighting in a wasteland world

and symbolizes their own mercurial, changing nature. If

Gaia is a raised-up idol, the immaculate virgin whose banner
the Garou fight under, then Luna is like a noble liege,

1

—

Book of Auspices

———

nurturing godparent and passionate lover all rolled into one.
Werewolves feel an incredible kinship with and devotion to
her, and the simple, objective truth is that while totems give
a few useful Gifts along with a minor ban, Luna has given the
Garou the very essence of their nature: shapeshifting, Rage
and all the powers of auspice.

Changlag Ausphee

The mechanical aspects of changing one's auspice
are discussed under the Rite of Renunciation (Werewolf,
pg: 157), but the social implications of doing so should
be examined ina little more depth. Predestination is an
objective reality for the Garou, and rejecting the aus-
pice that astrology grants to a Garou is essentially
second-guessing Gaia and Luna's intent. Of course,
there are many reasons why a werewolf might want to
do this — astrology aside, the Garou are still free-willed
beings who develop over time and change in accord
with their experiences. An auspice can become a bur-
den, a dead weight around the Garou's neck dragging
him into suffering, bitterness and ultimately corruption
— this is especially true of the grimmer auspices like the
Full Moon. Further, in this debased age there's no real
proof that Luna, always a capricious spirit, really does
know best in assigning life paths to her shifting chil-
dren. Even if she does, well, the grass always looks
greener on the other side.

The politics of this play out pretty much as one
might expect — the conservative tribes view is as a
blasphemous abandonment of duty, while more mod-
ern tribes take a "personal choice" view of things — and
the Bone Gnawers, as usual, really don't give a damn as
long as the Garou is doing something practical to stand
for Gaia against the Wyrm. The character's social
dynamic is forever changed around those who know
about her decision, however. The werewolf viewpoint
on morality is not so much a dichotomy of good and evil
as natural and unnatural — and what could be more
unnatural that rejecting a role that Luna herself has set
down for you? This cosmological arrogance reeks to
many traditionalists of the weak ways of the modern
homids — and this idea is supported by the fact that
very, very few lupus elect to change auspice, even in
comparison to the miniscule number of homid Garou
that do so.

A good analogy for an auspice chance in werewolf
society is a sex change in human society — it's every bit
as drastic, misunderstood and socially stigmatized. No
matter whether a Garou's peers are dogmatic or toler-
ant, there is something deeply disquieting to them
about a being that decides to assume he knows better
than the Celestines and reject their decision on his
destiny. The need to change one's auspice isn't neces-
sarily morally or ethically wrong — but that doesn't
mean that the Garou don't feel that way.


The cost of these awesome Gifts is a terrible burden, a
duty that will never end but is none the less taken on with
willing joy by most Garou. A Galliard will never let the
legacy or wisdom of his ancestors be forgotten. A Philodox
will preserve justice and tradition with her dying breath, if
need be. An Ahroun will literally give his life to defend Gaia
should the need arise. After all, they are repaying a debt
every bit as strong as that felt by humans towards the most
loving, selfless parents. Like medieval knights, the ideal
Garou's devotion to her assigned duty is absolute. Of course,
the World of Darkness is far from ideal, and there are an
increasing number of Garou who have betrayed their duty in
some way or another. Also like medieval knights, the
adherence to the duties of auspice is very stylized and formal
in Garou culture. The Renown system demonstrates the
huge impact that auspice has on prestige in Garou society,
and a Storyteller wishing to emphasize the chivalric aspect
of auspices should strictly enforce the Renown penalties for
acting out of one's auspice role.

Fbbng your Ansthee

Much in this book is devoted to outlining the duties a
werewolf of a given auspice has, and how they approach
them. The normal assumption will be that a player will play
acharacter who tries to live up to the demands of his auspice,
learning from his mistakes, maturing into his role and
eventually becominga credit to the Garou Nation. Werewolf
is in many ways a game about finding your niche and
learning to be an asset to your society, and this journey is
integral to the portrayal of auspice in the game. But not
every Garou lives up to the (admittedly very harsh and
rigorous) demands of auspice — so what of playing the
Garou that fail?

Among the Bone Gnawers, Margaret "Mags" Alley-
Walker has learned no lesson more deeply than that justice
isa joke; how can she be expected to enforce it asa Philodox,
when she cannot even bring herself to believe it exists?
Bloodfur is an Ahroun who has long ago given up fighting
for Gaia, though he does not realize this. Now, he fights only
for his own personal glory, using his superior strength to
dominate everyone around him. Samantha Two-Trees is a
witch in the classical sense — to her, spirits are a resource to
be used and abused, and she keeps everyone around her in
ignorant fear of their mysteries, just as she feels a good
Theurge should. Piotr Voice-of-Lions sees the truth only as
a means to an end: the promotion of the Silver Fangs, and
the slander of any tribes who would seek to take their power.
Woe be toa Bone Gnawer seeking Renown in this Galliard's
caern; he's slicker than an ancient Leech.

All of these are valid and interesting concepts for a
player character, even though they are hardly ideal members
of their auspices. Is it appropriate to play a character like
this? Sure — but there's a few things you should keep in
mind. Werewolf is a setting where karma is a very real force,
at least as far as debts to the spirits are concerned — and
those who break their promises (which is essentially what an

Sree ransr ns emecsare reas ee

auspice is) will eventually get what's coming to them. Even
without this, dramatic necessity demands that betrayers and
oathbreakers eventually end up hoisted on their own pe-
tards. Playing out a meteoric descent into corruption and
madness can be fascinating stuff, as can dancing toward the
edge of the precipice before being slapped in the face with
your sins and tearing toward redemption in the hopes that
it's not to late.

What's really not thematically appropriate to Werewolf,
on the other hand, is to expect your character to be able to
shit on his spiritual obligations and be "clever enough" to
come out on top, story after story. After all, what kind of a
story would Macbeth be if the bloody-handed couple ended
the tale as the unchallenged rulers of all Scotland, with no
consequences in sight? Basically, then, if you want to play a
character that betrays his auspice, be ready to accept the
consequences of being a tragic figure, and don't fight the fall
(as a player) when it comes. Instead, embrace it, and wring
all the drama from your character's fiery downfall (or hum-
bling redemption) that you can. Just don't expect the
Storyteller to reward you for self-serving treachery — that's
not what Werewolf is about.

And of course, the typical admonition that goes with
any kind of strongly emotionally charged roleplaying applies
here as well: Make sure you don't ham it up so much you hog
the limelight and interfere with other players' roleplaying.
Werewolf isn't just a game about a non-human butstill very
social culture that believes in the obligation of the indi-
vidual to the greater good — it's a game played by groups,
who are having fun as a group.

how fo Ue Tht Book

Book of Auspices has about as straightforward a struc-
ture as anyone could ask for — each chapter details an
auspice, from generalities of purpose to variations by tribe,
even to adding new Gifts and other rules appropriate to each
moon-sign. It's pretty self-explanatory.

The information contained in these pages is not meant
to be constrictive — it's meant to provide inspiration, not
limitations. When reading the section on Theurge arche-
types, for instance, you may recognize your own character,
or if not, find a direction that might suit your plans to
develop him further. Perhaps multiple archetypes appeal to
you, and forging a blend of each is more interesting than a
more specialized approach. That's great — these archetypes
are simple building blocks, nothing more.

So read the book, and share it with your fellow players.
Think about just how close you want to come to the ideal
member of your auspice, and how close you want to come to
the more realistic average werewolf born under your moon-
sign. Runa web-search for one of the programs that tells you
what your own moon-sign is, if you like. Hopefully, you'll
find something new about your character's auspice that adds
a fresh new element to your game.

And if that fails, of course, there's always the Rite of
Renunciation...

Introduction: Beloved of Luna 15

Cl Ene.

i

|


fool, she means it.
— Josh Billings

"j f.
Eifion

No moonlight shone down on e

emony, songs and drink. Now

at least to the minds of most E i

The young Moon Da
Seems like it could use a fewm

"Tell it!" urged her compe
eyes. "The time is right. T!

ed. "I don't know.
tails, and..."
tawny wolf with hazel
new. Tell the tale."

"Well... okay." The G stood then, and her
septmates watched her expec

"Thaveatale to share," si , "one about our wise
leader when he was justa.cub, the First Change,
wet behind the ears." Chuckles among the crowd,

but they stilled quickly to listen. "W ¢have a strong tradition
of teaching here in the Sept of Bridget' Blessing, and this is
astory of learning and lessons. Many of Yewno doubt think
that young Gleam in His Eye gathered his first wisdom at
the foot of a Gibbous Moon, such as himself." She snuck

Nature never makes any blunders; when she makes a

a ui Re lupus packmate, who grinned, know-
ing what was coming. "I'm here to say that for her own
reasons, his firstseptledder gave him over to one of the New
Moons, of the tribe of Bone Gnawers. I see questions in
your eyes. Why would @ wise Half Moon do such a
seemingly foolish ? What could one who had fame as
a questioner and rebel teach a cub whose destiny was to
travel, sing and ca' ui

The Moon Daneer sat, all eyes still upon her. "Listen,
then, and I will weave the tale."

Ian woke to

stab of a sharp-toed cow-
@ against the sun coming in
a towering over him. Dammit,
night, she'd told jokes around
its, and this morning, she looked
da wink. He groaned.

, pretty boy," she laughed, her
Texas twang stingi g his ears. "What a wimp. Come

on, we got things to do, people to see, places to be."

a — Ey

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers 17

————E—

ee

Seer eran rere creme en nave coe arrears a rams mnrwrensnrensea)

"Unhhh. What time is it?" Ian mumbled.

"After noon, and you've had at least four hours
sleep. Get up." The toe poked him again, much harder
this time. "God, I'd heard the Fianna were a bunch of
lazy boozers, but you take the cake, kid."

Ian felt a thread of anger strike him, then shoved
itaside. "Okay, I'm up, I'mup." He rolled to his feet and
rubbed the sleep from his face. "What's so damn
important we have to get up this early, anyway?" The
Ragabash cocked her head at his idea of "early."

"A ride into the city. Our illustrious leader has
given you to me to tend this month, and it's time you
started learning a thing or two about life."

The young man looked confused. "I don't get it. I
thought I'd like start learning from another Galliard.
No offense," he added quickly, "but you weren't born
under the same moon. So, why are you teaching me?"

The Ragabash chuckled. "Maybe they're taking
pity on you by saving the millions of songs, dances and
chants for later. Or it could be they want to torture you
a bit by letting you hang with me and my buds. Hell, I
don't know. But when Blaze gives an order, I generally
try to obey, unless it's damn clear she's not thinking
straight. And I've never known that to happen." She
tossed him a sweatshirt and jeans off the floor. "Not
that youaren't cute and all, but it ain't Mardi Gras, and
the Big Easy fuzz might have something to say about a
naked teenager. I'll wait for you outside."

Ian shook his head and got dressed.

Leghobage

Tan hadn't imagined a werewolf would drive a car,
but Andrea did, an ugly, pea-green Volkswagen. She
parked it on Jackson Square, not even bothering to
lock the doors. Small wonder, thought lan; somebody
would be have to be nuts to steal that repulsive thing.

"I'm starving. Let's get a bite," said Andrea, and
pretty soon, they were diving into big muffalettas and
downing a couple of Dixie Blackened Voodoos, sitting
on an isolated bench by the river.

"Well, let's see. I guess I need to start by talking
about myself. I'm a New Moon, a Ragabash. That much
you knew already. But I bet you don't really have a clue
about what it is we do for our people as a whole, do you?"

"Uh, I think you guys sort of keep things light and
stop the fights and such, right? And you play pranks?"
lan tried frantically to remember things he'd learned
before his Rite of Passage, but he was drawing a blank.

Andrea nodded. "Not bad. That's certainly part of
what it means to be a New Moon. But it's a small
fraction of the whole. Take your own auspice, for
example. Are all Galliards musicians? Hell no. Like-
wise, not all of us are comedians.

18
a

ne ee

"Here's a story for you, the birth of the first
Ragabash. Long ago, when the world was new and all
that, Gaia got bored. She'd made things as she wanted,
but it was just too perfect. Who's that chick the Black
Furies are always talking about...oh, yeah, Arachne.
The point is, when something is flawless, it's an affront
to nature. So Gaia decided, along with her pal Luna,
that werewolves born under the new moon would get
to be the symbols of how if people try too hard to be
perfect, stuffy, over-impressed with themselves, they
need a good swift kick in the butt."

"I thought the honor of imperfection went to the
metis," lan remarked dryly. Sounds like she got this story
off a bathroom wall, he thought to himself.

Andrea shook her head. "Quit interrupting my
tale here. You may be the Galliard, but I still get to hold
my tail higher than yours. Where was I? Oh, the
purpose of the New Moons. Right. In general, then,
we're what's called ‘the questioners of the way.' We get
to bring some levity to the whole gig, too. Good God,
we'd kill ourselves if we didn't have something to laugh
about occasionally. You and I both know it's a serious
job to be one of Gaia's warriors, but too much of this
stern and lofty bullshit saps strength. We can make
peace, or take it away. We can poke holes in the best-
laid plans of the Ahroun and the Half-Moon, and save
everyone's ass in the process."

Ian thought a minute. "So you sort of make sure
the packs don't take themselves too seriously while
also running interference and testing resolve."

Andrea beamed. "Exactly. You're a bright boy.
Catch on pretty fast."

We Xronn WH

"Well, I guess I'd better fill you in on the well-
known New Moons, ‘cause if you can't answer a bunch
of questions about history and current events, I'll be
the one who gets in trouble." Andrea polished off her
beer and tossed the bottle into the garbage. "C'mon,
we're going to go meet a buddy of mine. You'll like him,
even if he is a geek."

lan walked along beside her, soaking up the ambi-
ance of the old city. It seemed longer than the six
months he'd come here with his parents, only to find
that there was more to his heritage than he'd ever
thought possible. And a lot more crap in the world
than he'd been ready to take.

"Ever read The Phantom Tollbooth?" Andrea asked,
interrupting his thoughts of the past.

"Uh, can't say that I have," said Ian.

"Too bad. I found a copy in some rich brat's
bookbag on this very street. He sure hadn't been
reading it, so I borrowed it. Good stuff, should be

Book of Auspices

ee

|


required reading for any New Moon. Anyway, you can
think of this as your mytho-poetic journey. You're not
going to meet any dogs named Tock, but I guarantee
you'll find the people you do meet pretty interesting.
Fodder for future stories." They rounded a couple more
corners and turned into a back street alley. Andrea
knocked on a metal door and waited. A minute later,
it opened with a creak. Ian followed her inside to what
looked like NASA's mission control.

Computers took up most every square inch of
space, and what hardware didn't cover, papers did,
along with some dried substance that smelled like stale
pizza. The computers weren't your average desktop
models, either, but big servers with lots of blinking
lights. Ian could find his way around the average PC,
but not this stuff. The rectangular room was dim, walls
concealed by newspaper clippings and magazine ar-
ticles. Ian looked up as a guy scurried over from the far
end of the office, if you could call it that. His mop of
white hair and pink eyes marked him a metis, but his
scant appraisal of his guests was piercing. He allowed
Andrea to give him a quick kiss on the cheek.

"Jan, meet my long-time buddy Eduardo. Eddie,
this is my newest charge, Ian. Eddie's a Glass Walker,"
she added. "A Ragabash like me."

"Have you held off on the best parts?" asked the
Glass Walker. His voice was high pitched and squeaky.
"Because if you've started on the details without me..."

"Nah, nothing major. Just some things about Luna.
I saved the stories of the New Moon heroes and the
tribal stuff so you could join in."

Eddie nodded. "Good, good. Well, go on and get
started. I'll be sure and put in my two cents when I feel
you're screwing up."

Andrearolledher eyes. "Whatever. Okay, then, I want
to tell you about a couple of names to know, some good,
some bad. First on my mental list is a Bone Gnawer—"

"Figures," muttered Eddie.

"Who's talking now, huh? As! was saying, when so
rudely interrupted, one of my tribe's best-known New
Moons is a guy up in DC called Cracked Teeth. Some
Ragabash, as you'll see, go for the political angle, and
I reckon he's had lots of experience. Works with
political action committees as well as your run-of-the-
mill protesters. In a similar line of work is one of your
own Fianna, fellow by the name of Stuart Brown,
though werewolves call him Stalks-the-Truth. He's
sort of a journalist who uncovers some pretty sensa-
tional stories and plots every now and then."

"And don't forget that Luna also taught us the
tradition of playing the trickster, even if that's not the
only way to get things done," piped up Eddie. "I've heard
a lot about this Wendigo elder called Charging Bull.

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers

—————EEE

Sarees amreare recess

Apparently, he's got a grand reputation as not only a
prankster, but also one who has impeccable timing.
Some say he can slice up your ego, deservedly of course,
so keenly that you don't realize it until hours later."

Andreacleared offa table and sat, legs folded beneath
her. "Pranks are all part of the game, as Julisha of the
Thousand Masks could tell you. She's an African Black
Fury who apparently never appears the same way twice.
Makes her hell on wheels as a con artist. But don't forget
a Ragabash can also be a kick-ass warrior. One I'd hate to
scrap with is this Get of Fenris character named Stigghalf
Bone-Breaker, orsome tongue twister pretty close to that.
For him, questioning how werewolves behave is picking
a fight with whoever happens to come around."

"Spare me the Get and their ways," interrupted
Eddie. "You also need to tell him about that other
Norse creep, Wards-the-Dead. A New Moon, maybe,
but he went loco, if you know what I mean, and fucked
over the entire tribe."

Andrea cleared her throat. "Okay, I didn't say they
were perfect. And before you bring it up, I know the poor
Silent Striders had one of theirs go bonkers, too. They
called him Abnatha the Laughing One. But look, that's
just two out of a whole list of heroic New Moons."

"Can you say that Red Talon Ragabash Crookpaw
is sane, Andi?" Eddie retorted.

"No, but consider what all the Red Talons have
had to endure. And Crookpaw's metis, to boot. So he's
a little extreme. At least he's doing something, biting
the asses of the wolves and getting them involved. I
don't mind a little credit going to him for that." She
huffed in anger. "Thanks a lot, I've completely lost my
train of thought."

Eddie grinned. "Then let me chime in a bit. If we
didn't mention Celeste Walks-the-Spiral-Backward,
our friend Zophia would be hurt. Celeste is supposedly
this Silver Fang who seriously kicks ass. She's famous
around the world, and some people say she destroyed a
Wyrm-infested caern all by herself. I'd love to meet her,
in any case. Anyway, we've probably left out a few
famous New Moons, but there's a few to get you started,
should you feel the urge to burst into song or something.
What! want you to remember is that even though we're
few in number, we're just as important as any Ahroun."

aytng tbe Fart

"Do you like movies, kid? Ever see the original Star
Wars? It's an old flick now, so even some of the elders
may have heard of it; they don't go for things like that
often, you see, because it's pretty hard for most of us to
go out and about after the First Change. There's no
doubt in my mind that Han Solo would've been a
Ragabash. Ahhh, what a guy! He had guts, wits and

9

i

|

looks to boot. Well, like him, many of us New Moons
are quirky. We enjoy wit and never letting people guess
what we're going to do next. It keeps everybody on
their toes. And what I'll bet Andi didn't tell you is that
we help serve as a sort of pressure valve on the volatile
nature of our society. What do I mean by that? It's this
simple: When a werewolf gets all fired up, sometimes
levity is needed to let off some steam, lest all that anger
be released on some poor Kin or innocent bystander. A
Ragabash can help lighten the mood and keep heads
cool. Don't think that doesn't take some nerves of
steel. Ever stood between two Ahroun who were ready
to tear each other's heads off for no reason? I have, and
while not exactly fun for me, it sure beat certain other
possibilities. Look, we're a dwindling race. No need for
us to make mistakes and off each other, not now."
"Also, let's not forget the human part of our na-
tures," he continued. "I hesitate to call some of the
human heroes and deities tricksters, per se. Some of them
were just inordinately clever. Maybe thinking of them
asa force of change, an element of chaos in an otherwise
static culture is a better analogy. Some of these charac-
ters are from legend, and probably had a basis in fact.
Others were perhaps an invention of the human mind
as a means of explaining the unexplainable. Who am I
talking about? Well, there are your typical folks we'll

discuss later such as Loki of the Norse sagas, Odysseus of
Greek myth and Coyote of the American Indians. But
have you ever heard of Mr. Spider? He's right out of
western Africa, and the descendents of those folks have
spread his name to the West Indies and South America.
Mr. Spider has a lot of names, like Anansi or Annency.
He plays tricks, sure enough, but what he's best known
for is his wisdom and creativity. There's a quote, ‘The
wisdom of the spider is greater than that of all the world
put together.' That's right out of tales about Mr. Spider
himself."

"One of my personal favorites is Hanuman, the
Monkey God," said Andrea. "He's the ultimate scout
and has an important place in the east, in lands as
diverse as China, India and Japan. Hanuman's greatest
skills are his courage and willingness to try any feat, no
matter how wild or dangerous, to help his friends.
That's a pretty good example for us to follow."

Eddie tapped his pen on his teeth as he sat in a
broken chair. "Okay, back to our spiritual selves. |
should also mention the whole idea behind the waxing
and waning moon. The true new moon isn't either —
there's one night of waning, one night of "true" new
moon, and then one night of waxing as Luna begins to
grow again. And of course it's impossible to tell what
the new moon is doing by sight; you have to know the

schedule. But the Theurges can usually tell, and they're
quick to talk about what the moon's doing when one
of us is born. Those born under a new moon neither
waxing nor waning are the "purest" Ragabash, or so
Theurges like to say — no tendencies for acting any
one way. If you're like Andi over there, a waxing
Ragabash, you get this rep for being kind of happy-go-
lucky, a maintain-an-even keel type, which can be a
detriment if you're trying to seriously question the
elders. Me, I was birthed under the waning moon, and
quite unfairly, I'll add, we're considered to have a sort
of dry, gloomy outlook on things, kind of like Edward
Gorey. As one New Moon put it so eloquently, a
waxing moon might warn a sept leader of impending
doom with gallows humor, but a waning moon would
takes lots of time to describe every awful possibility
before adding that things aren't as bad as they may
seem. Not really true, but that's the story you'll hear."

The Pleat of foe Setf

Andrea saw her chance and jumped into the
conversation. "Well, Eddie does have a way with
words. Okay, let me tell you a little bit about what the
Ragabash do in the sept. You've been to a couple of
moots now, participated in some rites. You know how
important these things are to us. But you probably also
saw how much of what happens in our ceremonies is
guided by the Theurges, Galliards and Half-Moons."

"Yeah, I was wondering about that," said Ian. "Can
a Ragabash hold an office in the sept?"

"Of course! To be perfectly accurate, they can
hold damn near any office, but it's a little rarer to see
them as Grand Elders, Masters of the Rite, Masters of
the Howl, Callers of the Wyld, Truthcatchers or
Talesingers. All those offices are better suited toGarou
born to uphold certain traditions, not to bend them."

"Uh, then what does that leave?" asked Ian.

"Plenty. Usually, a New Moon of rank sits on the
Council of Elders. A Ragabash isa great asset in getting
a council to see all sides of an issue. Also, a Ragabash
can really aid an Ahroun who's serving as Warder by
acting as a Guardian; he can be the Full Moon's eyes
and ears while on patrol. Likewise, New Moons make
fine Wyrm Foes or Keepers of the Land."

"For a Ragabash with a certain amount of charm
and wit, there's always the role of Gatekeeper," added
Eddie. "Sometimes, they're going to find it easier to
meet and greet other septs and werewolves because
they're down to earth and easy to talk with. Now, some
packs may give us the hairy eyeball due to our over-
blown rep for pulling pranks, but we've got better sense
than to do that while acting as liaisons to other septs."

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers

eee

Sree ransr ns emecsare reece Nn ee

The Soul of the Fack

"As far as within the pack," continued Andrea, "the
Ragabash often has to act as referee. Even the best
packmates fight and quarrel, and a certain amount of
that is healthy. But it can go overboard real quick. We
can yank apart the scrappers and then let the pack leader
or Philodox sort out the details. Also, keeping the spirits
of the pack members high is an important duty. No
doubt it's the Gibbous Moon's job to sing and make
everybody merry with stories and such, but if everyone's
gloomy, we can perk things up almost as well."

"A sadder duty that New Moons have is helping
remember the good times of the fallen after a battle,"
Eddie sighed. "It's natural and right we should grieve,
but not to the point we waste away or forget why we're
still living. Sometimes it's we Ragabash who have to
bite the asses of our brokenhearted packmates to get
them up and moving. It's damn hard to do that when
you too want to lie down and have a good cry. But life
goes on. If we can remind people about the happy
moments, it helps get through the hurt and the sor-
row." He smiled at Ian. "Hope it's a long time before
you ever have to worry about that, though."

Ande
"Well, let's get on with talking about the tribes. I
think he knows the names and such, but I want him to
know something about the New Moons specifically,"
said Andrea. "Go ahead, Eddie, this is what you wanted
todo. Start with the Furies, why don't you." Eddie gave
her a crooked smile.

hack Finlar

"Fury New Moons mete often than not seem to be
a rather depressive lot. Some feel that by being born
without Luna's lightythey need t6¢ind out what they've
done to displeaseher, so they spend much of their time
trying to fix anything that goes wrong. A Fury also seems
more bent on change thammffiost New Moons. Perhaps
from their perspeetive as Protectors ofall females, there's
more to¢hange. I haven't/spent much timeswith any
Furies, to belhonest — I'malways steppingn their last
nerve — but bhear tell they can be evén more vicious
than their tribemates. Where an Ahroun may simply
tear apart a rapist, a Ragabash's vengeance will likely be
drawn out, more painful,and less traceable to werewolves.
They drive their prey mad before killing them, if the
luckless victims don't take their own lives first."

Bone Cnaners

"Now, let me tell youa bit about my tribe's Ragabash
traditions," Andrea interrupted. "We've got your infa-
mous fun-loving New Moons, along with the burglars

21
i \

panne nny,

and pickpockets, rascals and rogues. But although you
don't see them much, for obvious reasons, a Bone
Gnawer Ragabash is often an artist at subterfuge and
stealth. We're great at sneaking into enemy hideouts
and doing the recon work_It'sallpart of making the job
of the Full and Half-Moons easiér. They're the best
muscle and the finest planners, respectively. No argu-
ment there. But without the-intelligencé'reports, the
best-laid'plans go to hell in a handbasket."

"Don't forget the activists, too, Andi," said Eddie.
"You @uys can rival ‘us om»that score. I know most
werewolves steer clear of humanaffairs, butthe Gnaw-
ers and Walkers are two exceptions. Think of any big
revolution, and you can bet a Bone Gnawer was
watching closely at the very least. It's something that
the Silver Fangs don't like.tothink about, you know?"

illite of Cale

"Now, I don't mean to be unfair or unkind," began
Eddie, as Andreawinced, "buta Child of Gaia New Moon
will often make you want to go running for the insulin,
they're so lofty and idealistic in the goals they set. Luna
help me, you can't help,butdike,and admiré them. They
have high-minded and noble intentionSTheir tribe
gives themed fair bit ofiféspectjit6o, because aSsmany
Children ofyGaia are reform-minded, the Ra; is
centtal to proposing new ideas and practices."

"What Eddie didn't mention," frowned Andrea,
"is a whole lot of New\Moon, Children are devoted to
peacemaking. They take it a few steps further and have
unfailingly waded hip deep in shit that'd make your
hair stand on end, just to make a truce hold or mollify
some overblown egos. | may not feel exactly the same
way, but they got lots of guts. Not too much sense
maybe, but give 'em credit fot theit gumption.

"Of course, on the other side, you have the ones
who question tradition + and in the case of the
Children of Gaia, they question the idea that peace or
negotiation is necessarily the answer for whatever
situation is at hand Ever seen aChild of Gaia argue for
war? I have; it's something else té%ee"how sharp
Unicorn's hooves ean get. And with a good Ragabash
making the case, it's downright frightening to see the
other Children going along with his arguments."

Larva

"Have you actually met a Ragabash from your
own tribe, Ian?" Eddie paked. The young Fianna
shook his heads

ve got @ fairly interesting job,
ot one1'd relish. A term has come down
ritish history; and that's ‘kingmaker.'

Fianna New Moons hayé as one of their duties to
watch their elders and sort of keep them on their toes.

ee A Ae

The most renowned ones, or so it's said, have been able
to make or break the great leaders just by questioning
and being nosy. A few well-placed jabs can raise doubt,
and well, a leader should be above reproach. Not that
those who've fallen haven't deserved it, of course."

"You're also likely to meet one of your tribe's
Ragabash during a time of war," chimed in Andrea.
"When you get around to learning those millions of
tales I was warning you about, I'm sure a huge portion
of 'em will be about all the clever things Fianna New
Moons have done through the ages."

Coat of Panrls

"P'll be the first to admiethat Lfind the Get of Fenris
a littleahjeextremist,"" explained Andrea, ignoring
Eddie's snort,.."Butiithey are what they are: totally
dedicated to destroying their enemies, anyway they can.
That's why theysdon't'teallyyconsider théssneaky
Ragabash such a bad thing. Despite what-Eddie ‘here
might say, my folks've got a fair bit in comménwith
them when it comes to pulling recon duty. They're fine
tacticians who don't always get the respect they deserve
from theirettibemates; after all, they use cunning and
trickery to bring dows the foe. But the elders make sure
they're at least tolerated by the younger Garou, for they
know that/all who use their full strength against the
Wyrm are worthy of respect — and smarts magnify
strength. I've met Ragabash that make an art of turning
foemen against each other, weakening the enemy con-
siderably before the Full Moons finally strike."

"It's probably not an accident that some Get
Ragabash honor Loki," added Eddie. "I don't know
how much you know about him, but the important
thing about him was that he wasn't only someone who
played mean jokes, Jfit weren't for him, Odin wouldn't
have Sleipnif, his eight-legged steed. Actually, in a
way, he helped bring about anew age of the world, one
where everything would be green and idyllic. Food for
thought, anyway."

Chau Whifers

"Moving right along," Eddie chimed in, "you've
probably figured out thatmy gig ishackifig. That's such
a simple-way of putting it because there are times I feel
that working with my computers is almost, well, holy
ina way. Like an out of body experience, | suppose. It's
a commonipractice among Glass Walker New Moons,
but it's just the tip of the iceberg. In a broader sense,
what we do is find the weakness in our enemies and
expose it for our packs to see, That fatal flaw could be
anything, from dirty dealings inthe mortal world to
Wyrm corruption. In.any case, knowing an enemy's
Achilles ‘heel can‘ help bring them'down quick and

efficiently. Sometimes we've got to point out our own

Book of Auspices

i

enim.


peoples' weaknesses as well — test security measuifesy
that sort of thing. We've also got a rep as_decent
activists, like we mentioned before, and also innoWae
tors. Give us a chance, and we'll come up witha.
way to tackle a problem. Sort of like lateral thit

puzzles, if you've ever worked through one of those."

Red Talons

Eddie shifted his eyes back to Andrea: a to
tell him a bit about the Talons?" Pen

Andrea sighed. "Ian's already heard a ity re
hard-pressed these days, whatwith the oye:
ment of land and such. So L¢ry to be a little forgi
Kind of like the Get, though, the Red Talons are
um, fanatical. And in,that same yein, the Ragal
almost never a leadereWhat she does, thoughis take
steps necessary to' keep thevalpha on his toes. That
means she'll poke fun at hifn and ever'mock his author-
ity... with thé wholeurpose of showing her throat."

"You mean she wants him to attack her?" asked
lan, puzéled.

"Not réally. What she's doing is reinforcing the
alpha's dominance by giving him the chance to put her
downgT know, it's a bit strange, but don't forget that
eveh in human form, we have body language and such
t6 show who's the boss. The Red Talons, if nothing
else, help us understand the same concept in our four-
legged forms."

Shadow Lordt

Eddie nodded. "Well put. Okay, moving right
along, let's talk about the Shadow Lords. Er, he does
know about these folks, right?" he asked.

Andrea winked: "Qk sure, he even met old
Greymantle out at the sept. They got along just fine."

"Right." Eddie shuddered.."Anyway,.thé Shadow
Lord New Moons have a fairly interesting take on their
jobyand.that's serving the tribal leaders‘aitivals and
adversaries. Now, most of them never have any doubt
that they'llitise to high and lofty positions? 'that-isn't
really thegoal anyway. Orat least, that's what they say.
Welllet's just take them on surface level for a mo-
ment. Consider all the great leaders of history. Most
have hada talented second or even a friendly competi-
tor to keep them pushing the envelope to get better at
whatever it is they do. That's what the Shadow Lord
Ragabash is all about — making certain his leaders are
the best. I think that's a pretty thankless role."

"You make it sound ale snorted Andrea.
"Moving right along...

Mert Seifert

"All right, all right," Eddie conceded. "Let's dis-
cuss the Silent Striders. I don't think you'll find many

>

a

hanging around septs, butJ-bet you'll meet one sooner

we As ya va theyslikestoiwander. As such,
ear stingystuff. aK abit

but it's the New Mo
d news. It's like they collect all —_ tidbits
and store them away for future use."

"Some of the New Moons sort of see themselves as
traveling problem solvers, too," said Andrea. "They're
willing to pitch in and help do whatever needs doin',
wherever they happen to be. All in all, a pretty decent
bunch of folks to have as friends. In battle, though, it's a
different story. They're damn scary. Like a spirit of ven-
geance, they appear almost out of nowhere, deal out cold,
remorseless death, andare gone like the night wind. Once
someone's angered the Strider New Moon, they'd best
look over their shoulders the rest of their days, for
eventually they'll see their doom, loping behind."

Seer Faget

ilv Bes Ragabash later

r jus ‘re warned
‘different. Eccentric, I
1 of 'em/have rather interesting
ralit eird mannerisms. But for a rather
haughty b tall, the Fang's New Moons are
fairly, appréachabl Again, they're\sort ofybetween a
rock and a hard' place in'that they're a tfibe that
treasuresits past and traditions above everything else. .
and here's the Ragabash whose job it is to quextion
those ways and bring about new ideas and beliefs.
Change comes kinda slow to the Silver Fangs, but what
innovations have occurred are no doubt due to the
cunning of the New Moons."

"Wonder if Zophia knows anything about the
Silver Fang crowd and whether their hot-shot leader
has a Ragabash tickling his elbow?" asked Eddie.

Andrea shrugged. "Don't know, but if he's as all-
fire smart as everyone says) he'd betsér."

"In a crowd of folks that déarly loves their secrets,
the Uktena New Moons arethe best secret-keepers of
the lot," said Andréaw yadmiring grin. "I won't go
so, farsasito' call interrogators, but if you've ever
talked with a Ragabash of this tribe, you come away not
quite sure of where your head is. They play the usual
mindgames and such, but what they really love doing
is venturing out into the world and collecting all kinds
of information, then ringingitbackhome for,hmmm,
let's call it protection."

Eddie let out a hollow laugh. "What my lovely
friend here is trying t iplomatically is that they'll
double-talk you, find out what you know, then take it

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers

eee

ame


back to their elders, who'll mull it over and file it away
for future use. They've probably got all kinds of secrets
hidden away at their caerns. A little scary, if youask me."

NWewdgo

"Wellwthen, let's wrap up things here with the
Wendigo," said Eddie. Like the Uktena, they consider
themselves Pure Ones, you know, folks not of Euro-
pean origin who came over and took their land. Maybe
it'strue they have some sort of special connection with
Mother Earth; I wouldn't know about theimpatticular
perspective. What I do know is that they generally
hold the New Moons in pretty high esteem within the
tribe. Forget the stereotypes of Native Americans as
dour and huinorless; it's pretty much bullshit. In fact,
the job of the Wendigo Ragabash is to bring laughter
when needed, to break the rules and generally keep life
interesting and out of the ordinary."

lan nodded, hoping he'd digested this huge pile of
information. "Hey, can I ask a question?"

The two New Moons looked at him in surprise.
"Sure," said Eddie. "Heck, we didn't give you much of
a chance to talk in there, did we?"

"That's okay. I guess my question is this: If the
tribes pretty much stay apart, how is it you guys know
so much about the others?"

2

—

Andrea smiled broadly. "Not a bad observation.
Okay, since you asked, I'll tell you. Unlike some of the
other auspices, we Ragabash talk to one another. We're
fairly open with each other. We figure if one of our jobs
is to know how to keep our folks from killing in a
moment of madness, we'd better have some info at
hand. That answer your question"

"T think so," said.the young Galliard. "What else
dovyouwant me to know?"

"Why don't you tell us what you'd like to hear
next?" replied Andrea.

Jihool 2 fo Sawdon

Jan thought a minute. "What about your young New
Moons? Do you let them hang out with other auspices, or
do you keep them with you all the time, or what?"

Eddie foraged a minute under his desk and pulled
out a pizza box. "Umm, this one's pretty fresh." He
opened it up, and sure enough, a steaming pepperoni pie
rested inside. "I think most elders, and by that I mean
anybody with some rank under his belt, is going to
realize that we have to share in the education of our
youngsters. You know that old African saying about it
takes a village to raise a child and all. So, we encourage
our cubs to get out, frolic, live it up, learn.a thing or two."

Book of Auspices

ee


Andrea fetched cold beers from the dilapidated
fridge in the corner. "Well, let's back up just a second
and talk about birth and all that."

Kt and Kio

"Okay, any Theurge worth spit will be able to tell
you whether a newborn'sgoingto be Garou or Kin. And
with some minor calculations, or just méte observation,
she'll'know the auspice, too. The announcement of a
New Moon's birthsalwaysgreeted with some chuckles
of anticipation and a few raised brows. I guess I have'to
admit that in this day and age, Ahroun births seem to be
what everyone wants." She popped the top off her
bottle. "Too damn bad. We can't all be Full Moons."

"You mentionedysémething before about there
not being so many‘New Moons anymore," said Ian.
"Why is that?"

"Nobody knows," sighed Eddie. "I mean, it's not
just because there's fewer new moon nights ina month.
From all the histories, they say that there's always been
an equal chance for any of Luna's five faces to appear
in her chosen warriors, on account of her will, but it
just isn't so."

"| heard here and there it's yet another impending
sign of the End Times," Andrea replied. "Then again,
what isn't? I sometimes think an elder gets an ingrown
toenail, and that's a portent of doom."

"What about Kin?" asked Ian. "Do our Kinfolk
have auspices, too?"

"Nah, not really. | mean, they may have a few
tendencies, but I'd say they lean more towards the
attitudes of their werewolf brothers and sisters than
having any particular inclinations themselves. I have a
fair number of Kin back in Texas, and I'd say we're more
alike than different. Similar appreciation of humor,
change and all that. Your sister probably has some skills
at singing or storytelling, right? Possibly because you're
a Galliard, but there's no saying for certain."

Fist Change

"If Lhad to pick a word to describe how a Ragabash
reacts to the First Change, it'd be curiosity," said Eddie.
"Sure, it's a physical and mental shock in the worst
way, but it's sort of exhilarating, too. New and differ-
ent, stirring to the senses, all that stuff. Some other
auspices are going to get pretty spooked by it, but the
New Moon soaks it all up and rolls with the punches.
She'll goof around for a while, trying out the new
forms, testing her senses. The whole point is that she'll
learn to adapt fairly quickly."

Still," cautioned Andrea, "the local werewolves
should try to find the new changer as soon as possible.
I've heard rumors of young New Moons getting a
little too exuberant, and then you see all kinds of

a

crazy stories in the supermarket tabloids that make
you wonder."

"Or worse, on shows like America's Most Wanted.
Nobody wants that happening, right?" said Eddie.

"Never," grinned Andrea.

The Fife of Pawtage

"Remember your Rite of Passage?" Andrea contin-
ued. "You can probably guess the various tasks other
auspices receive: An Abrotn gets to fight a Wyrm
critter, a Theurge has.to negotiate.with a spirit, and so
on. Well, for my Rite, had to-do three things: Make a
crying ¢hild laugh, convince an elder | was telling the
truth and make two warriors show throat. Not easy.
Took.me a couple of weeks, but hmanaged to pull ivoff."

"Yeah, mine was more or less the samé kind of
thing; you know, proving that | was wily," added Eddie.
"Only [Rad to come up with a way to get itito one of
the elder's'strongholds withoutigetting caught. Secu-
rity Cafheras verywherenot t6 mention all the guards
armed with silver bullets. Sheesh."

"The Rite of Passage in general for the Ragabash is
going to try to pull out her essence to the surface,"
explained Andrea. "The whole point is to use our
strengths to prove our worth. It's not easy, but it's
necessary, as it shows to all werewolves present that
you're a credit to the sept and ready to take on adult
responsibilities."

Seed The

"Okay, back to your original question," she con-
tinued. "How do we teach our Ragabash? It's surpris-
ingly easy. We just throw'em into the pond and let'em
soak it all up."

"What she's trying to say, with her typical elo-
quence," interrupted Eddie, "is that the best way to
teach a Ragabash is from life itself. No scrolls, no
books, no lectures. Sure, we talk to them, but usually
in the context of doing something else. We take our
young New Moons with us when we travel, fight or
perform our regular duties at the sept. They watch, and
they learn. Little by little, their tasks increase as their
skills improve. It'd be great if we had all the time in the
world, but sad to say, the apprenticeship, if you will, is
terribly short. There are too many responsibilities that
need tending for our young to really enjoy themselves
before they're tossed into the fray."

The Others

The door banged open. "Am ] late, am I late? This
watch thing you gave me, it broke. I do not know how
to fix it. Did you do that on purpose?"

Ian looked up as a petite, rounded silvery blonde
woman, dressed in a flowing peasant skirt and white

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers 25

Ne

i

fre nn re a TTY

Speer erence creme nave coe arr amma rams mnrwrensmnrensea)

billowy blouse burst into the room. Her ice blue eyes
fixed on him.

"What is this? Plucked chicken? It looks too skinny
to be alive! Eduardo, have you not fed it?"

Andrea gave a laugh and embraced the woman.
"Zophia, you look awesome. Glad to see you've taken to
wearing those clothes we bought. | didn't want to deal
with the gawking tourists again." She winked at her
protégé. "Ian Corrigan, meet Zophia Rosmarvo. She's a
New Moon of the Silver Fangs, and an old friend."

Zophia sniffed Ian. "Ah, another two-legged one.
He is a New Moon, too?"

"Nah, a Galliard, but I'm trying to teach him a
thing or two. Zophia here's a lupus who ended up in
some trouble out on the bayou. | gave her a hand, and
we've been buds ever since. She likes hangin' with us
almost as much as running around the swamps."

"Just don't tell all her Silver Fang pals," snorted
Eddie. "I don't want to know what they'd think of her
hanging around with a couple of low-life townies."

Zophia gave hima mock slap on the cheek. "Do not
insult yourself, it is not nice." She helped herself to a
piece of the pizza. "What lies have they told you, boy?"

"Uh, not too much," stammered Ian. "Mostly
about the New Moons, and who they are and such."

"T reached you just in time," said Zophia between
bites. "What have they said of the others, Luna's
different faces?"

"Well, nothing really," said Ian.

"We were just getting to that part when you barged
in," answered Eddie.

"Hah! I am going to speak now. And those two can
hold their tongues a moment." Tossing her crust to the
side, the Silver Fang sat down beside Andrea.

"We have a different relationship with each other
auspice," Zophia explained will tell you about all."

Crarcont Moon

"When Lunagbegins to stir after the time of no
moon, her light ispale and delicate. In this dimness, we
can see for the first time, and so it is we meet those of
the Crescent Moon. They understand more than any
other auspice what we are like, for they are closest to
the new moon in essence. Still, their minds too often
are on the otherworld, the land of spirits. So, one of our
tasks is to anchorthem to the present, to this place and
moment. Many times the Theurges appreciate our
unique style of wisdom and are more than willing to
listen to our words."

Pha Moon

"Tn our desire to keep the peace, Weare allies with
the Half-Moons. Since they are most often our leaders

2

Os,

ne 7 ee

in peacetime, we focus muh 6f Gufattention on their
behavior. No oneséan admire an alpha who stands
always aloof and apart. So we encourage them to listen
to the words of their subordinates, to spend time
among their people rather than always running with
the elders. In. some tribes, the role of the New Moon is
to provoke and prod the Half-Moons to excel; a few do
this by humor, others bychallenge and talk. Suffice it
to say that they would not lead so well were it not for
us. Still, it is a relationshipiof unease at times. A Half-
Moon sometimes does not like.to be questioned or to
have her strategies unwoven. So we ifiuist exercise care
in the ways we do our duties."

Chow Noon

"I have heard other New Moons say the Galliards
are loud and boisterous. Well, that may be true, but it is
worthwhile to hear their words. A Ragabash always
needs to know the latest gossip and tales, to best under-
stand the mood of the sept and the tribes. Now, I must
say it is rathérfun to let air from the inflated egos of the
Moon Daneers, but mind their claws! Next to the Full
Moons, their tempers flare the most easily of all."

Fi Noon

"Are the Full Moons our opposites, or are we next to
them in the circle of Luna's faces? This is difficult to say.
On many occasions, we find them too angry, the rage too
strong within them, for any capacity for reason or insight.
Still, are we not a race of warriors, born for the hunt? We
cannot expect them to be anything less than they are.
What we can do isserve astheirshadows, remindingthem
to keep a thread ofwisdom in their hearts even as they
slaughter ourenemies. Maybe that is why Luna placed us
beside each other in the dark and light."

Zophia finished her speech and drank deeply from
the bottle Eddie had opened for her.

"Wow," lan breathed. "Geez. Thatwas... really cool."

"Zophia has a pretty good knack for telling tales,
and that cool accent doesn't hurt any, either," retorted
Andrea. "But don't let her fool you; she's no Galliard."

"Maybe once, inanother life," replied the Silver
Fang. "Sometimes I dreamjofitsSpéaking of which, we
must also tell him about the New Moon and the spirits.
Noyoungone's education would be complete otherwise."

The Other World

"Tl get this going," said Eddie, "since I've gota few
spirits hanging around here helping me out. An out-
standing benefit of being a Ragabash in dealing with
spirits is that they sort of understand you. I mean, it's
almost something innate or inborn with them. Some
spirits can be pretty capricious, you know, and maybe
that's why we get along pretty well with them."

Book of Auspices

iii


"They tend to forgive us," added Zophia, "because
they do not reject the core of what it means to be New
Moon. They see us for what we are, and they admire
that we do not deny our fundamental natures, even
when others become annoyed with us."

"The other thing about spirits is that they like
attention, and other than Theurges, we're some of the
best chit-chatters around," said Andrea. "Your typical
Ahroun is grunting and heaving, off to some battle, but
we don't mind sitting a spell and talking. We remem-
ber what spirits tell us, and we keep their secrets. Makes
for a good relationship all the way around."

lan's head swam with all this information, and he
looked so dazed, Andrea had to laugh. "Poor Moor
Dancer, maybe you'd have rather learned all! those
Gaelic chants and dances. We did throw a lot at you, -
didn't we?"

"No, that's okay. I just had no idea about all this
stuff. Don't worry, I've got it up here," he pointed at his
head.

"Well, if that is so, I must collect Eduardo hereand
finish some business," announced Zophia. "You have
gathered my information, yes?"

"Sure, sure. Let me get my laptop, and:l'll/ come
with you. lan, nice to meet you; don'tbe a stranger,"
said Eddie, giving him a wave.

"Yes, you must visit our sept and tell us oné of those
tales for which your tribe is so famous," Zophia added.
"Andrea will bring you."

"Bring him?" said Andrea. "Hell, folks, we'd
planned tocome with youonyout little monkeywrench.
If you don't mind, of course." Zophia and Eddie shared
a cocked eyebrow, then the Glass Walker shrugged.

"Might be good to have a strong arm along. I don't
expect trouble, but one never knows."

lan swallowed nervously, but couldn't conceal the
eagerness in his voice. "I'll do whatever I can to help."

Andrea punched him on the shoulder. "We know
that, kid. Let's see what Eddie and Zophia have got
going on."

"We're still a bit in the dark," replied Eddie, "but
not for long." He booted up the sophisticated and slim
laptop from his shoulder bag. Moments later, a map-
ping program showing part of a floorplan appeared.
"This is the layout of the Harmon BioLife Research
Center. Or the one that's actually on file down at the
building inspector's office downtown. Zophia and I
both suspect there's more going on here than meets the
eye."

"One of our Kin is expecting a cub," said Zophia,
"and she was sent here for some ‘specialized tests.' This
woman, she knows little of the Garou way, only that

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers

Cl wane

See sen er amecere ree Nn eee

her cousins have ‘odd ways.' We want to tell her more,
bring her closer to us, but now... she might be a risk."

"Regardless of that, we don't think everything is
all cozy and sweet at this facility," Eddie continued.
"We've tracked several women in a family way being
sent there for prenatal testing, and when they come
back, they're usually a little different. Nothing we've
been able to pinpoint precisely, but my sept leader and
Zophia's both want some inside info since now it
involves Kin. So we're going on recon. Today, they
close at five, so we figured it'd be the perfect time." He
pointed to his watch. "It's already seven, and luckily it
gets dark early around this time of year."

Andrea pulled off her light jacket and motioned to
Tan. "Get rid of anything that's not been dedicated.
Looks like we're going ona walk."

Eddie got up and opened the door leading to his
shabby bathroom..A‘large mirror hung on the door's
back. "Might make ita little easier if you're still new at
this, langWe'll go in ahead, you and Andrea do back
up." He kept his laptop with him, Ian noticed. Zophia
had already taken, off her clothes and in quick, prac-
ticed fashion, shrank to become a well-muscled sil-
very-white wolf with brilliant blue eyes. She darted
through themirror, Eddie right behind her on two legs.
Andrea motioned for Ian to follow.

I'll never get used tothis, he though, feeling the chill
of passage between worlds. He stood in Eddie's build-
ing, now a shadowy reflection of walls and computers,
covered in cobwebs. Multi-legged spirits with gleam-
ing green eyes grinned at him from the corners, and the
Galliard was grateful to hurry after the others and get
away from the place.

They walked through the streets of New Orleans,
and Ian noticed that many buildings appeared fairly
solid. Catching his glance, Andrea spoke. "It's an old
place. Watch your step; not everything here's pretty
and sweet."

Before too long, they stood before a building that
shimmered only faintly in the pale light. Cobwebs
shrouded it, and lan saw more of the gruesome spiders
he'd spied at Eddie's place.

"This is it," muttered the Glass Walker. "Let's
check the perimeter and meet on the other side." They
split into two pairs and made their way carefully
around the edge of the facility. lan was both disap-
pointed and relieved to notice nothing seemed out of
the ordinary as he followed Andrea and kept his eyes
peeled. A few minutes later, they'd rejoined the others.

"No guards. No danger," whispered Zophia. "We
go in?"

27
i

|

S  eeenren-eeerarncn sere ounce eaves san ary ann san remsmaorrensmerensvh

Eddie frowned. "It seems a bit too cut and dried.
But yeah, what the hell. Lemme take care of something
real quick." He opened his pack and pulled out the
laptop. It clicked and hummed briefly, then Ian saw
some flickers in and around the building. "There, that
should give us a few minutes without having to worry
about their damn cameras. You guysstay close." Quickly,
he moved to a side door, then vanished, Zophia and
Andrea on his heels.

It took Ian a few minutes to follow, and by the time
he felt the damp wind of the real world tousling his
hair, Eddie had already opened the door that stood on
the building's southwest side. Damn, that was fast,
though Ian. He noticed that the door's lynchpins had
simply popped out of their casings.

Zophia took a whiff and whispered, "Weaver-
stink." She crossed the threshold and padded softly
down the hall to their right. Eddie glanced around and
followed, stopping momentarily before a door.

"Wait. This is a lab. I want to check it out." He
whispered something to the door, and ina few seconds, it
swung open. The four of them peered into a nightmare.

Housed in giant flasks were swollen, transparent
egg sacs containing what appeared to be fetuses—
deformed things with multiple limbs and organs. Ian
bit back the bile in his throat.

"Oh, fuck," said Eddie. "I think we have a problem
here. Let me grab some disks, and we'll go back and let
the sept know this place needs taking down." He
moved over to one of the desktops sitting in a corner
when suddenly, a door on the other side of the room
burst open. Two men dressed in navy security uniforms
ran into the room, aiming what looked like submachine
guns at the werewolves.

Zophia shrieked and leapt at one, going for his
throat. The other took aim and fired a burst at Eddie,
who let out a yell as his body stretched and grew into
a hulking wolf-man form with thin white fur and
shining crimson eyes. He flinched in pain as one of the
bullets found its mark.

"Silver!" he roared. "Kill them!"

Andrea growled a warning at Ian. "They're in the
know, armed with silver. Take 'em down fast." She let
out a cry like a bird, a loon maybe, and the one who'd
shot Eddie suddenly collapsed to the floor, writhing in
asort of seizure, frothing at the mouth and burbling to
himself. Ian didn't hesitate; he jumped on the man and
began to beat the shit out of him, almost gleefully.
Blood spurted from where Zophia was busily tearing
out the larynx of the one she'd jumped, but in his death
throes, he squeezed off a shot that hit right in her gut.
Moaning in pain, she stumbled off his body and stag-

a 7 7

gered a few steps away. It took Eddie only asingle stride
to reach her and pick her up, the silvery wolf seeming
to weigh almost nothing in his immense arms. With a
free hand, he snatched up a pile of computer disks he'd
spotted on one of the counters.

"Get out of here," he snarled. "I'm okay. | bring
her." His thick throat garbled the words, but Ian could
make them out well enough. Andrea pushed him
towards the shiny wall dispenser that held paper tow-
els, and before he knew it, he stood in the shadow
world again. Eddie had already passed through, and he
was running as fast as he could back the way they'd
come. Panting, they cleared the building's perimeter,
dodging the spiders that were now awake and alerted
by the smell of blood. Only when they were some
blocks away did they slow down.

"Dammit!" cursed Eddie. "How the hell did they
know we were there?"

"J think there's more going on than meets the eye,"
sighed Andrea, "especially since they managed to hold
their shit at the sight of you and get off a few pot shots with
the silver ammo." She stroked Zophia. "How is she?"

To their surprise, the wolf spoke softly. "All right.
Put me down." They all stared as she regained her feet,
a little wobbly but still standing, and spat out some
kind of weed. "My lucky day. I bring my own medi-
cine." Zophia licked the wound that had stopped
bleeding, just above her inner hindquarters. "Ouch."

Eddie again wore his human form. "Dammit, you
scared me to death! I thought you were a goner."

Zophia managed a pained chuckle. "Not first to
think that. Not last. Home now."

eee

Later that night, Andrea and Ian walked back to
the car, where the Galliard was surprised to notice no
one had bothered it. His friend gave him a wink as she
got in and revved the engine, and Ian could have sworn
she tugged some beetles off the door handles. She
pulled out and headed back towards the sept.

"You did good, kid, for your first raid with some
New Moons. Glad you were there in the fight."

Ian shrugged. "Why didn't we hang around, finish
them off?"

"Well... I think it was Eddie's call, and he wanted
to gather information more than he wanted to kick ass.
But rest assured, we're not done with that place yet.
Sometimes, we have to pull back, think things over,
before forging ahead with a good plan. At least, that's
what we Ragabash believe. He'll go over those disks and
pass on the info. And then we go back and clean the
place out. Armed with the details, we can do a much
better job than trying to take 'em down on the fly."

28 Book of Auspices

——_—_

—


Ow Séfoat

They drove a long while in silence. It wasn't such
a bad day, thought the Fianna. He'd met a Glass
Walker and a Silver Fang and found them both more
and less of what he'd expected. For some reason, Ian
had thought the lofty Silver Fangs wouldn't speak to a
lowly Bone Gnawer, but Zophia had seemed genuinely
fond of Andrea. Likewise, he'd thought the Glass
Walkers would be covered in wires and electrodes or
something, but Eddie seemed kind of normal, aside
from being a metis. It was all still strange to him. The
chance to let loose some of his fury on the man that
shot Eddie had given hima chill of pleasure, and he was
surprised to find he wanted to go back and do some
more damage. d :

"Penny for your thoughts, kid"
broke into his mental reverie.

"Not much thinking goin
"Thanks for letting me talk to
were really cool. And for leg
action." a
"I thought you'd like io Of course, it's not
coincidence that | also wanted you to meet a lupus and
ametis. I know you've metsomeat the sept, but they're
all Fianna. Outside your owntribe, things can be pretty
different. If you're going to serve your pack as an
emissary, that pretty face and sweet tongue are only
gonna get you so far." She sighed. "My point is, it's not
just about being wolf or human. It's about being wolf
and human. Maybe we don't understand the whole
balance thing as well asa Philédox, but you spend some
time watching any of the three breeds. In the wild,
wolves play with each other, as pups and even as adults.
They like to have fun, and cunning is part of their way
of life. The same is true of humans, and although |
know it's not really the Fianna way, but you shouldn't
overlook the metis, either. They most of all need a
little cheer and laughter. Gaia knows it's pretty rare in
their lives. So, young Moon Dancer, do this old mentor
a favor, and promise me that at least once in your life,
you'll sing a merry song for a down-and-out metis."

lan nodded. "I promise."

"Fair enough." Talk ceased fora while longer, then
as they turned onto the dirt road to reach the caern, she
spoke again. Ian couldn't be sure, but he thought he
heard something odd in her voice, a tremor maybe, or
a note of melancholy. Then it was gone.

"Blaze told me something about you, Gleam in His
Eye. When you returned from your Rite of Passage, she
said Dana whispered to her in a dream. I don't know
the whole of it, but from what was implied, I think
you're gonna be one of the great ones. Do me another
favor, huh? When you're leading some big pack and

on some

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers

—————————

a

doing grand deeds, sing a song for me. Recall my
exploits, large and small alike. Don't forget that we
spent more than one day of fun in the Big Easy." With
that, her serious mood was gone, the sober eyes sud-
denly flashing with life and laughter.

The Galliard, Fears No Chance, stared silently into
the fire a moment as she prepared to end the tale. "Here at
this very caern, not so many moons ago, my mentor gave
me the klaive that once belonged to Andrea. He described
her as one with ‘the skill of a warrior, the patience of a judge
and the wordcraft of a Moon Dancer.' I have heard his
words to me about other tribes, other auspices, other
changers, even Andrea herself, and I know he is carrying
on the tradition of teaching that she imparted. But what
Gleam in His Eye could not say was how he loved her as his
owfisister, and that he had tried for many months to speak
a tale of her glory, her honor and her wisdom, yet felt the
hurt too deeply. T félt his pain at her passing, and I thought
long on how I could payjhomage to her memory. My tale has
only been the briefest glimpse into this New Moon' s life, but
perhaps it may be an open door to invite our esteemed elder
to begin his own story, his own healing."

Silence fell hard and deep around the circle then, and
Erin remained still as she saw the shadow of a tall figure
move to stand in pe of her. Had she overstepped her
bounds?

A quick glance saw his Strong face glowering atop his
scarred and muscled frame. But even as her head instinc-
tively dipped in apology, she saw it wasn't fury that
contorted hiswisage, but grief.

"Youshonor me with a Moon Dancer's tale," he whis-
pered to his student, "yet cut me with a Moonless rebuke."
He waved off her denial, then looked up, surveying the
assembly through welling eyes. "It is as she says, though I
believed none outside my old sept knew the story of her life or
her death. As moons stretched to years, I have hoarded the
No-Moon's memory, sharing nothing of her greatness, and
that is one of the three great sins of a Moon Dancer.

"T've heard the death howls all too often in my life, but
the one for my first teacher was silver-edged. In my pain,
I did not have the courage to tell of..." he paused, head
bowed, before continuing. "I dishonored her spirit, I failed
her memory. But," and his voice grew stronger, "my
promise isn't broken yet. I swear before you all, when next
we meet, we howl for Andrea, Laughs-to-the-Dawn!"

Fin and Garnet:
Syioryfeher Pers

Neverwise the New Moon padded through the meadow
in the moments before dawn, her grin stretched wider than
usual, though her mouth was full. Her Moon Dancer
packmate knew her way around a tale, and she was
tenacious at digging up the dirt... once she knew there was

29
manne


something to find, and where to look. Erin knew better
than ask where Neverwise got her information, but had
learned to follow the hints she dropped. A favor collected
in New Orleans, a visit at the Bayou Endormi sept, some
judicious eavesdropping... and now an old wound could
heal, the sept would have a new name to inspire it and a
spirit could rest a little bit easier. Finding a suitable spot,
the New Moon lupus dug into the cool, stony soil. At the
moment the sunrise caught the clouds above on fire, she
dropped the ripped, stained cowboy boot into the hole and
quickly refilled the opening, packing it with a circling
dance. She howled once, then cocked her head. In the
distance, she was certain she heard a dim answering howl
that broke apart and tumbled into heartfelt laughter.
Grinning even wider, the No-Moon trotted back to her
packmates, warmed by the notion that some teachers just
don't take death for an answer.

Welcome to the somewhat mad and illogical world
of the Ragabash, a place where good players and
inventive Storytellers can bring some grins to the
usually grim world of werewolves, as well as provoke
some thought. Playing a New Moon has a unique set of
challenges and rewards. Here are some guidelines for
Storytellers in bringing out the best in the Ragabash
for all players.

Rutkiting the Cooftall Lynavorme

The biggest pitfall that players and Storytellers
can fall into is treating the Ragabash like some sort of
comic relief goofball. Yes, it's certainly true that this
auspice has a duty and obligation to bring in humor
and relieve tension, but that's just not the same as
intentionally acting stupid all the time. In fact, it's
really more of a secondary duty at best. Lighthearted
and prankish isn't synonymous with playing dumb; in
fact, a lot of actors say that doing comedy is much
harder and requires a lot more on-the-feet thinking
than drama. So how do you balance the levity with the
lessons the Ragabash is driven to impart?

First of all, take time to talk to the player who
wants to try out a New Moon. Ask him what he
envisions as the character's role in the pack and the
story overall. Challenge him to come up with some
examples or ideas for what he'd like the character to
do within the group. As Storyteller, give him some
situations where he can try out using humor in the
ways a Ragabash should, as a means of bringing in a
new way of thinking, keeping peace or making tem-
pers cool down.

Sncoureghng Quettiont

The traditional role of the Ragabash is serving as
a "questioner of the ways." Stealth and trickery have
an important place in their lives, but the Ragabash's

ee A Ae

key responsibility is to challenge assumptions and
bring in new ideas. One good literary example is
Odysseus (called Ulysses by the Romans). He wasn't a
comedian — he was sort of a revolutionary thinker.
Sure, it was trickery to hide a bunch of Greeks in a
Trojan Horse, but there was more wisdom there than
humor. This can be a really useful way for a new player
to get involved. Maybe the sept leader has assigned the
New Moon to the troupe's pack as a means to goad
them into some action and get them working against
the Wyrm or the Weaver. In other words, the Ragabash
can light a fire under their butts and get them moving.
Clever Storytellers can also use the Ragabash to in-
volve the other players in various plot hooks by drop-
pinga bug in the New Moon's ear. If she's heard rumors
of fomori hanging around the local feed yard, she can
pass that information on to her packmates... and the
adventure begins.

When It Doatnt Work Out

Arguably, the Ragabash is one of the hardest
auspices to play well. While they may hold important
sept positions, it is uncommon that they are the
greatest leaders or the best warriors. Some players may
revel in the chance to play a character without all the
responsibilities of being at the forefront of every fight
or moot; there'sa lot to be said for being active in other
ways besides slashing foes and planning the future.
Still, a lot of players may not have the patience or the
subtlety to do the Ragabash justice. They may decide
that this auspice isn't a good fit for them... or you may
come to the same conclusion. Also, consider the kind
of chronicle you have. One that is a combination of
adventure "types" is probably going to have more to
offer the Ragabash than straight hack and slash week
after week.

A couple of options are available. If the player
likes the character but not the auspice, there's always
the Rite of Renunciation. As with changing any other
auspice, there's going to be a certain amount of scorn
and distrust associated with such a move, not the least
of which will be the troubles with Luna that come from
rejecting her intents. Another possibility is allowing
the player to start over with a character that's more to
her liking and interests. Whatever you decide, try to
make it a choice that suits the player, the troupe and
the chronicle.

Archaftypet

Perhaps more than the other auspices, the Ragabash
conveys a typecast image, that of a joker, trickster and
comedian. In reality, she's far more complex than that.
Here's some exploration of both that typical image
plus the other shoes the New Moon might wear.

Book of Auspices

a

a

|


The Domatfle Oppotition Leader

The Domestic Opposition Leader (DOL) takes
her role as a "questioner of the ways" most seriously.
She's not really bucking to become top wolf, but to an
outsider, it certainly looks that way. Every time the
leader makes a proposal or plan, this Ragabash is right
there at his elbow to poke holes in it. She plays out
various scenarios again and again to envision all the
possibilities — and then she describes them repeatedly
in detail. Note that the DOL isn't really disrespectful,
but she's certainly not afraid to stand up and make her
views known.

What the DOL needs is a bit more tact. Her ideas
are generally excellent, and her heart is definitely in
the right place; thanks to her insights, no doubt many
of her pack and sept have survived potentially deadly
situations. But she'd find that more of the elders would
welcome her if she weren't so pushy and one-sided;
often, she's so busy pointing out the flaws of a strategy,
she forgets to comment on the good parts.

The DOL of the "waning" moon is a pessimist.
She's still got a sense of fun and a sharp wit, but it's of
the gallows humor variety. She's more the type to be a
little smug and say "I told you so." By contrast, the
"waxing" moon DOL is sort of an eager beaver; she
sometimes thinks three steps ahead and expects every-
one to keep up. It's hard to get angry at one so cheerful,
even when she's pointing out problems and errors.

The Foacekveper

Although peacekeeping is generally the preroga-
tive of the Half-Moons, this Ragabash takes it on
himself to bear the burden of everyone's troubles, and
thus keep the harmony of the pack or sept intact. He's
both pitiable and amusing in that he's always apologiz-
ing for everyone else's mistakes. The Peacekeeper is
also a bit of a "sufferer for a cause" in that he's
sometimes willing to take blame for other's transgres-
sions to maintain an even keel in the sept or pack —
the classic omega wolf.

Generally, the rest of the werewolves don't hold
anything against the Peacekeeper. But they'd doubt-
less respect him more if he had more of a backbone and
stood up and defended his beliefs and point of view
rather than just trying to smooth ruffled feathers. To be
more successful, then, the Peacekeeper needs to de-
velop a spine and also the wisdom to know when to be
humble and when to stick up for what he thinks is right
and fair. Instead of always asking forgiveness on behalf
of others, he needs to be more active in getting those
who disagree to work it out among themselves, with
the Peacekeeper serving as a good-natured mediator
who keeps things lighthearted.

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers

——eeeooo

ee

The Peacekeeper of the waxing moon strikes
some werewolves as falsely cheerful. She's always
putting a happy face on even the worst situations, and
ever willing to bear angry backslaps when others get
frustrated with her ever-jolly spirits. The Peacekeeper
born under the waning moon is more gloom and
doom. She blames herself for things that go wrong
and is a willing scapegoat. While her attitude can
deflate tensions, her septmates definitely tire of her
dejection and glumness.

The Tremdtetior

The Trendsetter is the ultimate "avant garde"
among werewolves. His idea of keeping things lively is
being a bit of a radical, in everything from social
practices to downtime at the sept. Of course he's not
out to break any truly sacred traditions, but he's all for
finding new ways to do things. For example, he might
propose that all the offices of the sept be taken over by
the New Moons for a month, to see if any new innova-
tions are born, or that the Ahroun who comes to him
for a Rite of Accomplishment go on a particularly
touchy-feely spirit quest.

Generally, the Trendsetter has great ideas, but his
reputation as a Ragabash and a bit of an oddball work
against him. Werewolves are steeped in tradition, and
many are reluctant to consider new ways of thinking.
To gain trust and respect, the Trendsetter needs not
only to come up with innovative schemes, he also has
toserve asan example and show that theycan work and
serve a useful purpose.

The Trendsetter birthed under the waning moon
finds it much easier to break the rules than one born
under the waxing moon. He'll not necessarily defy the
Litany, but neither is he afraid to question it openly
and suggest that it was created in another time for a
different type of werewolf. The waxing moon
Trendsetter focuses on less sacred issues, such as the
treatment of Kin or dealings between tribes.

Tbe Sneaky Stout

The secondary roles of the Ragabash have long
been those of an expert tracker and infiltrator; as the
Garou's situation becomes more desperate in these
dark years, many New Moons spend more time scout-
ing behind enemy lines than questioning elders at the
caern. The Ragabash runs ahead of the pack, watchful
for obstacles and opportunities alike; he slips in and
out of guarded installations, bringing back intelligence
and stolen trinkets and gear for his packmates to use
against their enemies.

Sometimes, the Sneaky Scout gets so caught up in
the role of serving as spy, she forgets the big picture and
task at hand. When packmates are anxiously waiting

31
i


for surveillance info, she might be off gathering way
more than is actually needed. To be the most help to
her pack, the Sneaky Scout needs a little more focus
and self-discipline.

When a waxing moon serves as a scout, she really
gets into the role, right down to spouting some cliched
one liners and, depending on the tribe, using various
high-tech equipment and gizmos. The waning moon
seems to enjoy inflicting collateral damage more than
most, and more often than not, her scouting missions
end with a fair bit of bloodshed, usually on the enemy's
side. Some waning moon Ragabash have trademark
"calling cards" that are sort of their signature that
they've made a stop and wreaked some havoc.

The Storeopyplaal Tohikithor

To deny that the Ragabash's reputation as a trick-
ster and comedian is deserved discredits Luna's desig-
nated role for the auspice. Myth and legend abound
with examples of tricksters who, by their antics, share
great wisdom. From the Norse, there's Loki; from
various Native Americans come Fox, Coyote and
Raven. The Stereotypical Trickster werewolf inherits
this long tradition. From his pranks, he shows the pack
new ways of tackling a problem. His laughter can
lighten the burden of sorrow, and his willingness to
serve as a scapegoat alleviates simmering tensions.

a 27 ee

Of course, all those jokes tend to make others wary
of the Ragabash. Sept members often can't tell when
he's actually trying to be serious or sincere, so they fall
back on the stereotype to know how to react. When
meeting a Ragabash for the first time, others often
make assumptions about his behavior, and there're
likely a few shreds of distrust lurking beneath the
surface. The Stereotypical Trickster's task is to remain
true to himself and his function in Garou society while
also convincing others that he can and will be stern
and earnest when such a mood is truly needed.

If a Stereotypical Trickster is born close to the
waxing of a new moon, he's more happy-go-lucky and
lighthearted. His pranks and jokes are good-natured
and usually don't involve anything terribly under-
handed or devious. The Trickster of the waning moon
has a more sinister sense of humor. His tricks may
border on the tasteless and crude, and instead of gently
teaching a lesson or imparting wisdom, he's not above
some bullying and tail biting to get his point across.

Naw Ragabath Ciffe

¢ Hush (Level One) — Though Ragabash are
teachers, one thing they can't always teach is when to
keep one's mouth shut. Maybe a brash Ahroun is about
to say something unfortunate to a bigger Ahroun, or


perhapsa talkative cub is about to reveal too much about
what she knows. In such situations, this Gift acts as a
temporary stopgap; it makes the target fumble for words,
lose his train of thought or become momentarily dis-
tracted. Besides keeping friends from saying stupid things,
the Gift can also be used against insulting rivals or the
fomori calling in reinforcements. Because of the bond
between packmates, it is easier to use this Gift within
the pack — after all, it's for the greater good, right? A
mockingbird-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Wits + Subterfuge (diffi-
culty is the target's Wits + 4; fora packmate reduce the
difficulty by one). Every success stalls the target for one
turn, preventing the target from communicating ver-
bally (although other forms of communication, suchas
sign language or writing, are still possible).

¢ Trickster Beacon (Level Two) — Known as
the "Kick Me Gift" by particularly irreverent New
Moons, this places a spiritual beacon on the unwitting
target, attracting the local troublemaking spirits. While
potentially lethal pranks are off limits, anything else is
fair game: items are moved or lost temporarily, the
target is surrounded by jeering spirits in the Umbra or
momentarily loses his way in familiar territory. The
beacon cannot be removed or hidden (and the target
can never see it although all spirits and perceptive
Garou can), but an eloquent and lucky victim may be
able to "buy off' the spirits with the appropriate
chiminage. This Gift is taught by any trickster spirit.

System: The Ragabash expends a point of Gnosis
and touches the target (a pat on the back or handshake
do as well asa punch). The player rolls Wits + Enigmas
(difficulty is the target's Rank +2; difficulty 5 for non-
shapeshifters). The Gift effects last for one day per
success. A botch marks the Ragabash instead (the
unfortunate must roll against himself to determine
how long the plague of spirits lasts, and a botch on the
second roll means a full lunar month). Even spirits
agree there is such a thing as carrying a prank too far.
A Ragabash who uses this Gift more than once per
lunar month or against a given individual more than
once per season risks becoming the target of the spirits'
attention (subtract one success from the die roll for
each consecutive use of the Gift).

© Slip of the Tongue (Level Two) — Sensing the
truth is the purview of the Half Moon, but the trickster
is adept at obtaining admissions of guilt, however
accidental. By engaging in a conversation (heated or
otherwise), the user of this Gift can make the target
accidentally remark on what she wished to hide ("of
course I had everything to do with his death... I mean,
nothing to do with it!" or "The necklace isn't here,
search all you like, but don't bother with the study,

Sennen srvamwasarenrenamnat Nn ene

that's so obvious!") The slip may only arouse already
suspicious minds, but it may fluster the target enough
to cause some more tangible admission of guilt, like a
confession or an attack. This Gift is taught by a
Gaffling of Falcon or by any truth spirit.

System: The Ragabash must engage the target ina
conversation relating to the suspected crime or action.
The player and target make a resisted Manipulation +
Subterfuge roll, difficulty of the opponent's Willpower.
One success allows a subtle slip only noticeable to the
already suspicious, while five results in the spilling of
damning information no judge could discount.

¢ Impunity (Level Three) — One of the
Ragabash's jobs is to voice uncomfortable truths. Un-
fortunately, not all tolerate that role, and those who
most need to hear the truth are often least willing to
listen. No Moons must be quick on their feet to avoid
a furious elder who's been called on the carpet by a
subordinate. With this Gift, the Garou may tell a
respected leader he screwed up without becoming the
dead messenger. The Gift is taught by a cat-spirit.

System: By succeeding in a Charisma + Subterfuge
roll (difficulty 6), the Ragabash can avoid the worst
repercussions of his statements. The target(s) must make
a Willpower roll (difficulty 6 plus the No Moon's suc-
cesses) to punish or attack the speaker for the rest of the
scene. Each attempted use of this Gift in the span of a
lunar month adds an additional +1 to the No Moon's
difficulty. Note that whatever the Ragabash says must be
clearly and completely true from the uset's point of view
—no prevarication or double entendres are possible. For
example, "Your nephew broke the Litany" would work if
said Garou ate a policeman, but not if he failed to respect
a Black Spiral's territory. (Though a simple opinion, such
as "You're being an idiot," is acceptable if heartfelt). The
Storyteller is the final arbiter. Ifthe Ragabash attempts to
misuse this impressive Gift, not only will he not realize it
didn't work until after he speaks, but Cat will make her
displeasure evident.

¢ The Usual Suspects (Level Three) — The
wary Ragabash often wants to keep tabs on others,
whether to know the location of a wandering cub or
trail a suspicious government agent. The Usual Sus-
pects allows the user to know the general whereabouts
of several subjects at any time. Owl-spirits or urban
spirits of Wisdom teach this Gift.

System: The Ragabash can keep tabs on a number
of individuals equal to her Gnosis rating. To choose a
target, the New Moon must either have an unobstructed
view or have a strong scent trail of the target and make
a Gnosis roll (difficulty 7). Thereafter, by spending a
Gnosis point and concentrating for three turns (the
player rolls Perception + Enigmas, difficulty 8 for physi-

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers 33

—————————————

i

|

Seer eran rere cen neve coe rv re rena rensenerensoh

cal beings or Gnosis rating for spirits) the Ragabash can
sense the general location of the target. Successes in-
crease accuracy; one success would give "Southwest, a
mile or two away," while five would allow "South-
southwest, 1.3 miles, on the porch of his house." If the
Garou already has a maximum number of targets saved,
she must "lose" one before acquiring another.

© Madness Season (Level Four) — A fine line
often exists between madcap humor and the precipice
of insanity. The New Moon's understanding of this
boundary enables her to send enemies teetering off the
brink into lunacy. While this Gift does no lasting harm
to the victim, it can make him an object of ridicule and
scorn... and grant a measure of respect to the Ragabash
who uses it. Any spirit of Luna can teach this Gift.

System: The player expends one Gnosis point and
makesa resisted Manipulation + Subterfuge roll against
the target's Willpower. One success causes the victim
to become gibbering and helpless in a fit of madness for
a number of turns equal to the Ragabash's Gnosis
rating; three successes causes the madness to last the
remainder of the scene. With Storyteller's discretion,
four or more successes may render the victim incoher-
ent for a longer period of time.

¢ Turn the Moon (Level Five) — This Gift
essentially makes a werewolf "walk a mile in someone
else's shoes." For a short period of time, the New Moon
can change the auspice of another werewolf to what-
ever she deems appropriate. Any spirit of Luna can
teach this Gift.

System: The Ragabash spends a Willpower point,
and the player rolls Manipulation + Primal Urge. For
each success, the target must spend a day in his new
auspice. The Ragabash can end the effects of the Gift
earlier, if she so chooses. The target loses access to
specific auspice Gifts, gains or loses enough temporary
Rage points to bring him to the base minimum for the
appropriate auspice, and suddenly finds his thinking
influenced by the duties of the new auspice. For ex-
ample, if the Ragabash changes an Ahroun into a
Philodox, he'll start trying to lead by example, feel an
urge to settle disputes and try to bring things around
him into balance (an opportunity for some fun and
creative roleplaying). The New Moons of rank use this
Gift to teach a lesson to those taking the duties of their
auspice too much to heart, and it can be quite effective
at showing them a different perspective.

© Weakest Link (Level Five) — With this Gift,
a New Moon can delve into the hearts and minds of a
given pack. He can sense the fears and concerns of
either friends or enemies to best help or harm them.
Armed with this knowledge, the Ragabash can guide

ee A Ae

his own pack in attacking foes or use his own peculiar
brand of wisdom to facilitate peace and healing. Any
Weaver spirit can teach this Gift.

System: After spending a Willpower point, the
player rolls Perception + Enigmas. With each success
above one, he can find out crucial information on two
packmembers per success. For example, with two suc-
cesses, he can target two packmembers; with three, he
can learn about four packmembers. The Storyteller
should word things ina descriptive way; she needn't give
specific rank or auspice, for example, but might point
out who's leading and who's following. Moreover, this
Gift can clue in a Ragabash on specific fears or phobias
he can best use to his advantage. At the Storyteller's
discretion, he might also discern the ranking of pack
members, who has the most Rage and Gnosis, and
possibly certain Merits or Flaws. Storytellers should be
generous, as this is a rare and powerful Gift.

¢ Firebringer (Level Six) — This powerful Gift
allows a Ragabash to pull the ultimate stunt, stealing
a supernatural power and turning it into a Gift. More-
over, the Gift can be taught to others, as if the New
Moon wasa spirit teacher. The difficult part is that the
Ragabash has to endure having the power used on her
first, but after that, she makes it her own to teach, but
alas, not to use herself. A powerful spirit, such as the
avatar of a trickster Incarna, teaches this Gift.

System: Survival, smarts and sacrifice are key to
acquiring this Gift, though no specific dice rolls are
needed. First, the Ragabash must suffer through the
effects of the power (such as a vampiric Discipline or
amage's rote) being successfully used on her. Then, she
can take her experiences, work with the appropriate
spirit and turn the power into a Gift she can teach to
others. The Ragabash cannot herself use the Gift, and
moreover, she now has a vulnerability to its effects.
The next time she encounters another supernatural
using the power, the enemy is at one difficulty less to
use it on the New Moon (the power more easily affects
the Ragabash). Any supernatural power can be co-
opted in this way, including Wyrm-tainted powers. In
this way, the werewolves can turn the might of the
Wyrm back on itself. Because of the sacrifice involved,
the New Moon usually gains considerable Renown for
not only "stealing" the knowledge of the supernatural
power, but also teaching it to others. Storytellers
should feel free to be creative and innovative in
bringing powers from other games (such as Vampire
and Mage) into the Werewolf universe. The Story-
teller determines the level of any Gift gained in this
manner, as appropriate.

34 Book of Auspices

i,

ee


Naw Feb of Accord

4 of the Omega

Level Three

It is often the duty of the Ragabash to add levity
and defuse a tense situation. When division and anger
threatens the unity of the sept, some Ragabash choose
the dangerous and often sacrificial Rite of the Omega.
Once it is performed successfully, the ritemaster be-
comes reviled; everything she says or does steps on the
last nerve of everyone in the sept (plus any visitors
there at the time the rite begins). Elders put her to work
and punish her for being slack, and the Ahroun want
to practice their Ragabash-throwing skills. Even the
lowest metis says, "Sucks to be you." The ritemaster
will be driven from kills, suffer beatings if she isn't
quick and may even have her gear stolen or damaged
for spite's sake. Even her own pack treats her like dirt.
All the tension and hate and anger that threatened to
tear the sept apart is now directed at one individual,
bringing unity and catharsis to the Garou. The effects
last a minimum of one day, although for an ongoing
situation the Ragabash may continue to play the
ultimate omega to ensure harmony.

System: Using her own blood mixed with the soil
from the caern site, the ritemaster inscribes the Garou
glyph for Shame on her chest and intones a chant. If
successful, the Ragabash drops to Rank One for the
duration of the rite.

If the tension in the sept is the result of a singular
event (a death, a divisive challenge, etc), the rite's
effects last a single day. In the case of an ongoing crisis
(intersept negotiations or a heated concolation), the
rite may last as long as a week. At the end of the rite,
the glyph disappears and the Ragabash's Rank is re-
stored, plus 3 temporary Honor (up to 5 for an ex-
tended rite) and hopefully some decent treatment to
make up for the sacrifice. The sept members will be
more inclined to compromise and have greater under-
standing of opposing views, staying unified for a time.

The put-upon ritemaster may end the rite prema-
turely simply by wiping the glyph away and shouting
"I've had enough!" but loses 2 Honor and 1 Wisdom,
and worse, the sept loses all benefits of the rite.

This is specifically a Ragabash ritual; any other
auspice (assuming they can find a teacher) has a +2
difficulty to the roll and gains or loses only 1 Honor.

———e—aeEE

SS ee

Naw Fetter

Poh Bugs
Level 1, Gnosis 3

Pinch bugsare fetishes that appear to be some kind
of larger insect — ladybugs, bumblebees or mantises,
for example — crafted from clay and often painted
garish colors. A werewolf can stick one of these little
bugs to an item he wants to protect from casual
snooping, activating the fetish as it is attached. When
anyone but the werewolf tries to open or disturb the
item in question, the pinch bug comes to life and
"stings" the offender. This is nonlethal, but it's exceed-
ingly painful, like the worst wasp sting imaginable. If
the offender has some compelling reason to remain
silent, he must make a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, to
avoid screeching or hurling some kind of expletive at
the top of his lungs.

L0kl3 Fie

Level 4, Gnosis 7

This fetish usually appears as a fiery red stone
about the size of a human's palm, similar in color to a
carnelian. When activated with the expenditure of a
Gnosis point (a simple roll will not activate a fetish of
this potency), it allows the wielder to raise her Ma-
nipulation by two points for the duration of a scene.
Ideally, the user takes this opportunity to successfully
perform a prank or somehow use the advantage in a
way the stone's namesake would approve. A spirit of
deceit is often the source of the fetish's power.

New Valen
Face Vebof

Gnosis 7

Face Paint can take on a number of appearances,
from pancake makeup to rich ochre mud, usually
depending on the cultural background of its maker. It's
an extremely useful fetish, as it can temporarily obfus-
cate the wearer's appearance. When activated, the
paint can simply make the user appear more or less
beautiful (raising or lowering Appearance by two
points), or give the wearer different facial features
entirely. A person with dark skin and brown eyes
might, for example, choose to have blue eyes and tan
skin. The changes aren't present anywhere except in
the face, but this is quite a useful item to have when
impersonating someone. The effects last for a scene.

Chapter One: Questions Without Answers 35

i

re a A YT


Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.

— Francis Bacon

The Crescent cont

Anjou ‘Annie' Patchquilt hated ethnic stereotypes
with a burning passion. She hated the vaguely greasy feel to
the air on the Rez that made everybody sweat mofé than
they naturally should. She hated the tattered"Salvation
Army clothing she provided to her daughtersand nephews.
She hated the peeling wallpaper and the angry brown water
stains on the plasterboard walls of her cramped home. Most
of all, she hated that whenever some white man looked at
her, he'd see just another dirty Native woman in poor
clothes. So she worked, with a quiet desperation, to keep her
home as neat, as sanitary and livable, as she possibly could
with what she had. This was often like trying to hold back
a mudslide with a teacup, but she never stopped trying.

Right now, she was scrubbing at her dinner table
viciously with a steel wool pad, trying to remove splotches
of Kraft Macaroni sauce that had dried like enamel half a
year ago. It was cathartic, in a way — the repetitive motion
was soothing to her nerves. It helped her forget about things.
All of this would be easier, she reasoned, if her people didn't
have a tribe of werewolves suckling off their already meager
resources like bloated ticks. Quickly, she castigated herself.
She had seen the Garou do a lot of courageous things in her
life, helping people and giving of themselves. Not all of
them were like Speaks-With-Shadows. Her fingers tensed,

and she realized she had scratched her hand with the steel
wool, but she didn't care. Arrogant, paternalistic, bullying,
cruel, manipulative — it was true. She hated all the damn
Theurges and their spirit friends too.

In a way, she reasoned, it was insulting to her intelli-
gence. Anjou had never been a particularly nature-loving
person, and she found it outright patronizing that the
werewolves would expect her to revere their nature spirits
just because her skin was as brown as theirs. Like on TV,
where every Native American had a deep and empathic
bond with animals and with "the Spirit of the Land" —
along with a tomahawk and feathered headdress. Anjou
considered herself a practical woman — by that meaning
that she cared far more about her people's future than their
past. The Uktena would never accept that, of course, but the
very least they could do was mind their own business and
keep their bloody spirituality to themselves rather than
forcing it on others.

Don't think about it, she told herself. You'll only get
depressed, and you have work to do. A harsh rapping at her
door interrupted her reverie.

"Go away," she shouted back, her voice revealing more
of her anguish than she would ever normally allow.

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries 37

a re


"We need to talk, Anjou." She knew that voice — it
was Aaron Fourpaws, one of the Philodox from the sept by
the river. She thought about pressing for solitude, but the
last thing she wanted was to get more Garou angry at her, so
she sighed deeply, straightened her tangled black hair and
let her guest in with whatever composure she could muster.

"The things you said at Silverman's Bar last night —
about Speaks-With-Shadows and Uktena—they're getting
around."

"It's a free society, isn't it? I can say what I damned well
please!"

"No," Aaron said, with a vague sadness in his voice, "it's
not, at least not entirely. And there are many, many things
the sept will not tolerate you saying in public. I'm sorry for
that. What happened, anyway, to get you spewing such
poison at Shadows and her spirits?"

Anjou sighed, and it was filled with humiliation. Aaron
would have offered her comfort, but he did not know how.
"I'd might as well tell you; after all, if you don't hear it from
me you'll hear it from my ‘friends.' A year and a half ago, I
met a beautiful, regal gentleman named Phillipe Rouchard,
and we fell very passionately in love."

Anjou held callused hands up beside split hair and a
face lined by sorrow and poverty. "He thought I was
beautiful, Aaron. He was my dream, my passion and my
one opportunity to live a life with more dignity than I have
right now. Shadows came to me. She literally appeared out
of nowhere one night while I was watching TV, no doubt
expecting to cow me with the magic of Stepping Sideways,
like I'm some ignorant peasant. I've never felt alone since
then, you know — I've always known that one of you could
be in the Umbra by my house, spying on me, and I'd never
be able to sense it in a million years. That bitch took away
my security forever. Anyway, she doesn't even bother to
introduce herself. She just tells me that Mother Uktena
has looked upon the fruit of my union with Phillipe and
found it to be inauspicious, and that I am to separate from
him immediately and select a different mate from within
the Rez. Then she vanishes again. No explanation, no
counsel, just a dictum. I guess that's all humans are worth
to a Theurge, right?"

"No. Not at all, I swear. But please continue."

Anjou scowled. "Surely you've heard the rest, already.
This place is worse than the smallest town that way. I stayed
with Phillipe and got knocked up. He vanished into thin air
when I was five months pregnant. The children were born
wrong, and the last one died in intensive care the day before
I was at the bar. Now, I can't even grieve in peace —
everyone I thought was my friend here is snickering behind
my back at how foolish I was, not to just shut up and obey the
spirits like a good little lackey. And I've lost my future, that
once looked so bright. So that's my sob story; I'd rather not
rehash the gory details. All that bloody old crone would
have had to do was offer some explanation, some justifica-
tion, beyond ‘your lover is unclean.'

ee A Ae

"Look, this is my point. I respect most of your people, I
really do. But I think your Theurges are full of shit. My
grandfather was raised in one of those ‘special' Catholic
schools they had back then for Natives — surely you've
heard about them?1 heard about everything he went through,
how people used religion to bludgeon our people and keep
us ignorant, and truthfully I see the same thing happening
with your Theurges. You even hear about it from other
Garou, how they're dabbling in things they aren't supposed
to be and are eventually going to get burnt. I've had to
sacrifice so much in my life because the Garou are at war
with the Wyrm. If that war isso important, why do you waste
so much of your resources on paying debts to spirits and
guarding sacred places? Maybe it's different for you, but
where I'm standing all you're doing is kowtowing toa bunch
of dogmatic bullies and bloated parasite-gods. So yeah, |
stand by everything I said in the bar."

The Piatt Thewrge

Aaron opened his mouth to speak, but the words
caught. There wasn't much one could say in response to
something like that. This was going to be harder to resolve
then he had initially thought. Mentally, he cursed Speaks-
With-Shadows, but he wasn't about to admit that.

"Please don't think of us as bullies or dictators, Anjou. I
appreciate your pain, and | understand why you feel hurt by
Speaks-With-Shadows. Believe me, I want to try and make this
mess right, not just shove it under the rug. Youare certainly not
the first person to feel condescended to by a Theurge, or to feel
that one of the Crescent Moons did ill unto you. Theurges are
wellknown for being enigmatic, manipulative and even deceit-
ful. But they have their reasons for being what they are, and I
had hoped I could help you understand them better. So why do
we have Theurges, youask? What do they do for us? Let me start
at the beginning, then.

"All the tribes have legends about the first Theurge, and
many claim him or her as one of their own. It's remarkable,
though — while the details of every legend are different, the
basic framework is exactly the same. I do believe that there is
some kernel of truth to these legends, but I don't expect you
todoso. Fornow, please, just listen. There are always six stages
to the story: Alienation, Transgression, Signs and Omens,
Communication, Sacrifice and Restoration. The Garou de-
scribed as the first Theurge varies widely from legend to
legend — sometimes a grand warrior, sometimes a lowly
metis. But he is always separated from his tribe, his pack, his
social circle. Sometimes he is a visionary who sees things they
do not, other times he is diseased or even insane. But he is
always separate, alone and not entirely normal.

"The Transgression is by far the most variable part of the
story. The other Garou, in their arrogance, manage to offend
the spiritual world— in the Uktena legend, for example, they
run a herd of caribou to their deaths and butcher them all,
leaving almost all the meat and hides to rot. The fundamental
disrespect shown to the Animal Father of the caribou demon-
strates the hubris of these primeval Garou very well. Other

Book of Auspices

may ono

ee


li?

4
Yi

tribes have other transgressions — for example, the Silver
Fangs speak of the slaying of a just king, while the Glass
Walker legend talks about the extermination of early hu-
mans; each tribe inserts their own favored moral of the story
here. Regardless, Garou arrogance has managed to mortally
offend the spirit worlds, and as long as this state persists,
nothing good could come of our race's pursuits.

"This leads into the next section of the myth, the Signs
and Omens. Slowly, the higher powers make their displeasure
known. Fetish weapons shatter when used in battle. III luck
and eerie coincidences plague these primeval Garou. Their
human Kin's crops fail season after season, while their lupine
Kin fall prey to hunters and predators. Eventually, since this
occurs in times when the world was closer to magic, the
spiritual malison becomes overwhelming: days become burn-
ing hot under Helios' glare, and nights colder than the void
of space. Violent storm fronts follow the primeval Garou at
Grandfather Thunder's bequest. All wounds become in-
fected, all children are stillborn and the supernatural fabric of
reality begins to actively lash out at the Garou.

"Only the Garou who is to be the First Theurge can
perceive the cause of this, and his entreaties fall upon deaf
ears. Remember that this was before the establishment of
most of Garou spirituality, and nobody yet knew how to speak
with the spirits. But the First Theurge journeys into the
Umbra to try and set things right. Now he must pass many
great ordeals and tests before the spirits will impart their
secrets to him, and this he does, demonstrating great cunning

EE

and wisdom in the process. For his bravery and vision, the
spirits grant him the ability to speak in their tongue, and true
communication between the races has begun. Once created,
this is a bridge that is not easily broken; long after the first
Theurge has died, Garou spiritualists will carry on the cov-
enant he created in the learning of that simple Gift. But words
alone are not enough to restore the balance, as in Garou
hubris the offense has been allowed to fester and aggravate. A
greater redemption is necessary.

"The Sacrifice is always mortal. Garou legends are not
comfortable stories, Anjou, and the simple truth is that only
with his death can the shaman placate the spirit world. No
other sacrifice is great enough. Often among the more
warlike tribes, his anguish is magnified many times to
emphasize the martyrdom aspect — the Get Theurge is
chained to a mountain while Surtur rolls glowing-hot boul-
ders over his broken form for all eternity, for example. Did
you believe that Christianity was the first religion to have a
Savior absolve transgression with his own lifeblood? So
much of human religion's mythology has its background or
parallel in Garou stories. The first Theurge's death echoes
the small death most Theurges experience during their Rite
of Passage — it's a symbolic correspondence, and that
counts for everything in a mystical world.

"Regardless, the balance between the worlds of spirit
and flesh has been set right again, and the unnatural plagues
and tragedies cease — this is the Restoration. The Garou,
now able to understand the spirits, are humbled to learn of

39

ei

BS i reesei enna

the First Theurge's sacrifice. The primeval
werewolves swear that this kind of offense to Gaia
will never be allowed to become so egregious
again, and to show their dedication to this, they
make a covenant with Luna: All their cubs born
under the crescent moon, Luna's sign of the
greater mysteries, will be given over to the spirit
worlds to act as emissaries and messengers for the
spirits, ensuring that the Garou never fail to pay
them their proper dues again."

The Thousand Faw

Anjou nodded slowly as she digested the
legend. "That's, uh... evocative, I guess, in a pri-
meval way, but it still doesn't do anything to make
clear to me what good the Theurges do you in real,
practical matters while your warriors are dying on
the front lines or your judges are enforcing tribal
law. Without sounding snide, | got tired of people
trying to use legends as justification for real-life
matters the first time one of my tribal elders tried
the whole ‘you don't understand Native ways, you
ignorant city child' routine on me. Appeal to
mythic precedent is not a valid form of argument."

The werewolf nodded. "Fair enough. You have
asharp mind, Anjou; you would have made a good
Philodox. But you can't judge the auspice by one
person, no matter how potent a presence she may be
in your life. Theurges are a diverse lot, and they have
a lot of different roles to fill in Garou society."

The Phlatpay

"First and foremost, Theurges are the clergy
of our society — but then you knew that, right?
Yet, these are not like the mortal priests and
shamans you have had experience with. If any-
thing, they are more like the ecstatic priestesses
and temple monks of ancient mystery cults. Along
with the normal duties of any religious authority,
they are responsible for preserving the mystery
and fear that surrounds the sacred."

Anjou snorted. "Keeping the Garou masses
scared and in awe of them. How noble."

"Keeping the Garou reverent," Aaron cor-
rected.

"There's a difference between sincere rever-
ence and simple ignorance, Anjou. All Garou
revere Gaia, and want toserve Her. The Theurges
don't force that on anyone; they don't have to. It's
innate to us in a way I really can't explain to a
human. I'm sorry. We are born as spiritual beings,
invested with Gnosis. But we are also proud
beings; a typical Garou is more powerful then
nine-tenths of the other beings she will ever deal
with. Theurges ensure that our pride is never
allowed to reach the point of hubris and disre-


spect to the spirits, as it did in the story of the First Theurge.
A great many of our race's gravest crimes — including the
Impergium and the War of Rage — are rooted in lack of
respect in general. If it sometimes takes a little old-fashioned
terror to remind us that we aren't the only creatures found
worthy by Gaia, then in truth I'm glad we have Theurges to
provide that. Spirituality provides an important kind of
restraint to Garou; when we forget that reverence, bad
things happen. And it takes a great deal to strike real,
genuine terror into the hearts of Gaia's Chosen Warriors,
given what we face on a regular basis. Some of what makes
the Theurge an awe-inspiring figure is the unknown, the
alien nature of what she deals with, and the fact that you
never know which of your secrets a Theurge might be privy
to. Moreso, though, the fear a Theurge inspires is the fear of
failing in our diverse duties to Gaia. A Theurge is a living
reminder to every Garou that we all have real, godlike
cosmological powers looking over our shoulders, even though
we can't see or touch them. Garou need that — we need to
know we aren't the biggest gorilla on the block, and that we
owe our loyalty to spiritual patrons far above even us."

Anjounodded. "Religion.asachecks-and-balances system
to your supernatural power. I guess I can see that. But surely you
don't need a fifth of your race devoted to that alone?"

The Mattenger

"Oh no. Most humans believe the spiritual is isolated in
a far-distant land that they will only interact with at death,
or in terribly rare moments of mystical experience. This isn't
true for the Garou — spirits are at hand every day. Our
littlest gods look over our shoulders in everything we do, and
we need to have people who know the traditional rites and
ancient ways — people who are qualified to talk to these
living mysteries in the proper manner."

Anjou frowned skeptically. "But why all the voodoo
and shit? Why bother with the rites, the sacred dances and
the enigmatic puzzles? I've lived with Garou all my life; I
know damned well every single werewolf has the capacity to
learn how to talk coherently with spirits. Even some espe-
cially devout Kinfolk learn that trick. So why rely on
Theurges instead of, say, Philodox, when they translate
spirit-speech in terms of silly metaphors and enigmas?"

"I once asked a similar question of an older Strider
Theurge, when I was young and inexperienced myself. This
is what he said in response: Theurges never obfuscate for the
sake of obfuscation. They aren't here to deceive us, but like
any diplomat or linguist they have to give the proper respect
to both sides of the exchange. Nothing is more anathema to
aspirit then treating it like a mundane ally, aresource — like
a Kin warrior or a high-up contact in the DEA. That is the
Weaver's way — to imply that the only important properties
of a thing are those that can be easily observed, understood
and catalogued. Some things are better left unformed — or
rather, formed by dreams, spirit dances and prayer instead of
the banalities of anatomy and negotiation.

Sesame amrercare reese en ee

"My Theurge friend said that there are two kinds of
truth in the world: the first, the hard truth, is that which
Philodox deal with — the truth of yes or no, guilty or
innocent; truth gleaned by observation and analysis. It is
true, but it also obscures any higher truth that may lie
beneath it. It's... literalist, for lack of a better term. The
Theurges' truth, on the other hand, is a soft truth; the truth
of legends, prophecies and symbols. Not everything in
mythology is strictly causal, but it is there for a reason.

"Every spirit — yes, even the Banes — is a part of the
higher, symbolic truth. You can't put that truth into words
— that would kill it, and the Weaver would win. So the
Theurges cut it into pieces, wrapping each in mystery and
enigma. Then they deliver them, hoping that in solving the
puzzle in search of some immediate, hard truth we will find
the tiny, invaluable spark of the higher truth within — a
truth they could not articulate even if they wanted to."

"At least, that's what my friend says. Really, though, it's
ultimately academic — even if we wanted our Theurges to
speak in a strictly rationalistic and precise manner with
spirits, like official translators or something, they can't. Many,
many spirits are highly elusive and enigmatic by nature, and
Theurges have to speak on their level if they want to speak
with them at all. Ultimately, spirits may reflect aspects of the
human condition, but they are very much not like you and J;
it can take a Theurge years of training and a sharp mind to
relate to them on a level they can understand. All I'm trying
to say is that Crescent Moons have solid reasons for being
enigmatic; it isn't as if they're trying to cow the ignorant or
conceal their own incompetence."

Anjou nodded. "Fair enough."

The Nurfurer

"Theurges do far more than just terrify and confuse,
though," the Philodox said with a self-deprecating smile.
Anjou smiled back in spite of herself. She seems genuinely
interested, Aaron realized. That was a good sign.

"They have a way with other Garou, you see. Our Rage
burns strong; they help us to nurture our Gnosis as its
counterpoint. I guess you could say they exert a kind of
calming influence on us, preventing Rage from overtaking
reason. Although I'm sure this is hard for you to believe, in
many cases they can be the most empathic of Garou — not
necessarily the most perceptive of emotions; that honor goes
to the Galliards — but the most willing to share in another's
pain, to ease others' suffering by reminding us of our ties to
our goddess. I doubt you've ever seen that side of a Theurge,
Anjou. Believe me when I say they can be tremendously
compassionate beings; the only problem is that some of
them aren't always sure how to express that compassion
without breaking down the wall of awe and reverence that
surrounds their auspice.

"Theurges are also our healers. One of their most
common spirit-Gifts allows them to supernaturally mend
wounds, knitting flesh with a touch. But they also practice

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries 41

EEE

a

pe an nr a a TT

Seer even renee cree ren coe arrears ores)

the craft of medicine in the general sense — very few
Theurges have no understanding at all of herbalism and
holistic medicine. You could even say that they don't
directly heal others so much as they teach others to see how
nature can help them to heal themselves. In some ways, I
guess, you could compare a Theurge to a classical midwife.

"Of course, many Theurges also have skill with modern

medicine; some are even licensed physicians and surgeons.
Remember that no part of respecting traditional ways im-
plies that we cannot also embrace modern methods when
they serve our purposes."

The Sbephard

"Theurges are also tasked with conveying the spiritual

knowledge to mankind, teaching humanity to perceive and
revere the spirits in the same manner we do. Have you ever
wondered why the Garou word for the energy of our spirit

ties is the same as the humans' ‘gnosis'? It is indeed a kind of

secret knowledge, a gnosis, which lets us see what humanity
cannot. We donot just believe, or even know, that all things
around us are alive — we sense it, just as you touch, hear and
smell. Garou are able, on some level, to perceive the pulse
of creation, and if you open yourself, so are you. The tiny
thread of the spirit world accessible to mankind in this age
is called the Periphery, Anjou. Theurges work to encourage
humanity to expand their spiritual perceptions to see it, but
so many humans just don't care enough to want to look.

"This is not about conversion, about getting humanity to

call God by the ‘right' name, believe our dogma or follow a
given set of Commandments. Theurges are charged with
bringing the worlds or spirit and flesh together again, as they
were in the Dawn Times when the world was still young.
Then, the Weaver's wall, the Gauntlet, will not be so strong
as to block gnostic perceptions. If humanity could only
perceive the spiritual world the way we can, they would be
able to see the real and concrete hurt that so many of their
choices cause. Ina way, it's hard to blame them for wounding
Gaia, because all they can see is rocks and trees and other
random matter — they lack the gnosis, the secret knowledge,
of animism. They can no longer see the essence of the living
worldaround them; they don't understand the value of things,
because the idea of treating trees and rivers as if they were
people went out of vogue over three centuries ago."

Anjou snorted contemptuously. "I'm sorry. It's just that

that sounds so hopelessly New-Agey."

Aaron shrugged. "You asked me to justify Theurges. | am

not going to change my words just because your human
prejudices make it difficult for you to take them seriously. Who
do you think wants you to believe that everything tied to
alternative religion is shallow and worthy of scorn, anyway?"

Anjou wasn't sure what to say to that. "I... don't know.

It just always seemed hokey to me, I guess."

Aaron nodded slowly. "Can you imagine how hard it must

be, then, to be a Theurge in this age? You have a sacred duty to
teach humanity reverence for the spirit worlds, and the first

42

ne 77 eee

thing that comes to so many humans' minds when confronted
with nature worship is that it's ‘hokey'? And yet belief that one
lonely prophet nailed to a cross can excuse all humanity's
evils... this is a national institution. Their work is a lonely,
difficult duty, and I know many Theurges who despair or ever
bringing spirit and flesh close together again.

The Purlhar

"This is not the only duty that Theurges have in the
human world, however. Indeed, they are one of the auspices
required to interact heavily with human society. As well as
expanding perceptions, they are charged by Luna with
rooting out and healing corruption. Now, attacking and
slaying the deeply corrupt — that falls to the Ahroun. But
it is the Theurges who are responsible for pressing back the

The Fite of Cf

Something that most Garou (and also many
Werewolf players) may not realize is that killing Banes
and other Wyrm creatures does not truly weaken the
Wyrm in the grand scheme of things. This is not to say
that the exploits of the many great Garou war-heroes
are in vain — far from it. Slaying the servants of the
Wyrm, as well as those simply malicious dupes that feed
it's power with hatred and ignorance, accomplishes
much good. It protects innocents who might otherwise
be harmed by their actions, prevents the impure from
spreading their corruption, buys time for other Garou to
work out a more lasting solution and generally contrib-
utes toa dying race's effort to hold the line against their
final extinction. What is does not do, on the other
hand, is actually weaken the Wyrm in the general
sense. The Wyrm's potency is determined largely by the
power of the corruption it represents, the faces of evil
represented by the Urge Wyrms and their Maeljin
Incarnae. Fomori and Banes are just agents the Wyrm
uses to nurture that corruption; it's the corruption itself
that gives it unholy strength, not the Banes and fomori.

And that's where Theurges (and all the other
Garou who help to pursue their visions) come in.
Spiritual healing, the restoration of metaphysical and
psychological balance — these things are arguably
undervalued by the Garou Nation (though admittedly
as a people under siege, werewolves aren't in a good
position to constantly take the long view). But they are
nonetheless the only things that are really capable of
hurting the Wyrm as an entity, as much as any such
greater metaphysical force like the Wyrm can be "hurt."
It's not just Theurges, of course; they're just the ones at
the helm. Any Garoucan take the fight to the Wyrm on
a more spiritual level, and in the end all of the Garou
Nation's greatest victories involve this kind of meta-
phorical conflict between virtues and sins, purity and
corruption. After all, in the long run it's the only thing
that really works.

Book of Auspices

i _

iia.


SS

faint touch of the Wyrm on social fabrics, healing
the soul and saving those who can be saved. It's

sadly ironic that your one significant encounter
with a Theurge has hurt you so much, Anjou,
because there are many Theurges who would con-
AY sider it part of their job description to give you
succor before your hurt could turn to bitterness,
and then to rage and corruption."
"Not Speaks-With-Shadows, at least."
"Perhaps not. But do not paint all of her
auspice with that brush — like all Garou, Theurges
are individuals, and they're a diverse lot to boot.
Anyway, corruption.
"It's also a Theurge's duty to find hidden cor-
ruption within the human world, albeit not solely a
Theurge's duty. Ragabash and Galliards are well
suited to sniffing out the mundane aspects of corrup-
tion—financial graft, legal injustice, racial hate and
so on. But Theurges are uniquely equipped to spot
networks of spirit allies often alert the Garou Nation
to dangers we would never otherwise imagine ex-
isted. Theurges then purify the taint on a spiritual
level —sometimes this can be as simple as using the
Rite of Cleansing; other times it can involve a quest
on behalf of restoring a corrupted spirit to health, or
lot of Theurges spend time just talking with blighted
spirits, trying to reaffirm their sense of purpose and
understanding of their holier nature by prayer, meta-
phoric catharsis and meditation. Regardless, when
what is broken is made whole again, the Theurge has
triumphed.

and track mystical or psychological evils, and their
simply the spiritual equivalent of psychotherapy. A
The Medtorw

"It is also the duty of the Theurge to speak for
those that have no voice of their own. This includes
the minor spirits who cannot speak with Garou not
versed in the spirits' tongue, the great Incarnae and
totems who do not trivialize themselves by directly
manifesting to address their desires, and the dead
heroes of Garou ancestry, whose spirits often seek
out Theurges to make their wishes known. The
Theurge is a classical necromancer, communing
with the spirit of both the dead and the never-born
to gain secrets, but she must also act as the represen-
tative of those beings' wishes. This can often put a
Theurge in political hot water ata sept, or just make
her resented. Many Garou are busy enough with
their own lives without having to worry about
having to tend to the whims of their ancestors, but
it is the Crescent Moon's responsibility to ensure
that the dead always receive their due.

"This can be metaphorical as well as literal. If
a Theurge's mystic intuition suggests that a dead
hero wants to convey some kind of message to the

ee


Seamer cere eraser eres eaves sam are ann an remsmaorrensmnerensvh

sept, that dictum should be taken seriously from a Theurge's
lips, even if the Theurge has never actually seen the hero's
ancestor-spirit. A Theurge has the authority to speak on
behalf of spiritual powers, to act as their proxy within Garou
society. Now, this might seem like a easily abused privilege,
and in truth it is — many Theurges have learned to preface
their own desires with "the spirits demand that..." But the
cardinal rule of spirit dealings is that you reap what you sow.
If the actual spirit whose cause a crooked Theurge appropri-
ated ever shows up, the scam falls in on itself and the
Theurge can face Renown loss or far, far worse punishments.
Even in the more abstract, spiritual dishonesty offends the
spirit broods, and no Theurge can last for long when the
unseen world has turned against her.

The Cnph borer

"Just as a Theurge is the Voice of the Spirits, so she is
also the Arm of the Spirits, ensuring that all debts to the
ethereal world are repaid in full. Chiminage is treated with
tremendous solemnity by Theurges, and many consider
their debts to spirits to be of equal priority to their respon-
sibilities to the pack. I'm not sure if I'd go that far, but then
I'maPhilodox, nota Theurge, fora reason. | will say that any
Theurge that can't find a way to balance both obligations
isn't worthy of the title. This can be more difficult than it
sounds, however. The spirits are the source of all a Theurge's
power, mystique and information. Serving her pack, she's
often called on to strike mystically against an enemy or learn
her secrets, to bind fetishes or secure military support for a
raid from war spirits. This all entails entering into debts of
chiminage, and a careless or naive Theurge can rapidly find
herself bound into a web of spirit geasa that will be with her
for all her life. It seems easy to swear an oath to never dress
in red at the time, especially if it means a mighty bull-spirit
will fight to the death at your side. But that promise lasts
unto death, and you may have heard the legend of Cu
Chulainn's downfall. It's a continual balancing act for a
Theurge, trying to get as much power as possible without
making a promise she can't keep.

"Theurges aren't just responsible for their own
chiminage, though; they enforce spirit pacts throughout the
entire Garou Nation. Tragically, Garou of other auspices are
sometimes willing to deceive, shortchange or violate a spirit
to further their own desires, or even out of the best inten-
tions of helping Gaia overall. Some Theurges can sense
these metaphysical betrayers, while others find themselves
contacted by the wronged spirit. Regardless, it often falls
into a Theurge's lap to ensure that the spirit is repaid. This
can mean making politically foolish decisions, or even
having to face members of the more combative auspices in
a fighting challenge to defend the spirits' dignity. Theurges
doall this and more; there are even legends of lone Theurges
taking on entire septs guilty of mistreating spirits, usually
with words but occasionally with actions as well. It's not
often a desirable duty, to enforce respect for beings that it
can be so profitable to exploit.

4

—_

a 77

The Ripyabit

"I'm sure you've seen more than your fair share of rituals
being performed, being Uktena Kin."

Anjou nodded.

"And?"

"And I think that they're frightening, honestly, and
while I've seen the real power they have, | still think there's
a lot of superstition in them."

"You're right in that not everything you see in a rite is
strictly necessary to its supernatural function. But it's not
only superstition; it's community. Garou are primal beings;
we're predatory in ways that are beyond any human passion.
Because of this, I must admit, I've always found human
religious sermons and sacraments to be... milquetoast, for
lack of a better term."

Anjou chuckled. "You're not alone."

"My point is that Theurges use rituals much like human
ministers use a sermon: to reaffirm the community, bonding it
together. If it seems dark and terrifying, that is because we as a
race are dark and terrifying, and that tone resonates with us.
Though, I will admit, I have not known other tribes' rites to be
as intentionally macabre as those of the Uktena. Anyway,
ritualism does a lot to bond the Garou and to keep unity and
hope alive in desperate times. Every rite connects us to some-
thing bigger than ourselves. I know this all too well— Philodox
are almost as involved in ritual as Theurges are. At the risk of
being cliché, you might compare our rites to those silly team-
building retreats up-and-coming yuppies get sent on by their
CEOs, but without the embarrassment factor."

Anjou laughed in spite of herself, and Aaron smiled
back at her before continuing. "But of course, the social
aspect is just one side of Garou ritual; there's a lot of real
power there as well. And that leads me to another role into
which we cast our Theurges..."

The Naylolan

"T won't deny that Theurges do some dark things at times,
Anjou. These aren't neo-pagans or tree-huggers we're talking
about here; Crescent Moons have real, tangible power and
they aren't afraid to use it. In addition to all their spiritual and
social duties, Theurges fulfill very important temporal roles in
the Garou Nation. They create fetishes, divine intelligence
about enemy formations, curse our enemies, brew poisons,
bind spirits to practical defense pacts and turn the elements
against the enemy. This may not be as immediately apparent
to you based on where you live — all Uktena have a few
charms and spells to call their own — but we are the
exception, not the rule. In a Get of Fenris caern, the warriors
are warriors, the bards are bards, and any serious kind of mojo
will be coming from the Theurges' corner.

"The magic of a Theurge is obviously not flashy Holly-
wood sorcery. Theurges tend to scorn the obviously super-
natural in favor of arts of influence and happenstance, and
are typically proficient in a range of curses, abjurations
against harm and revealing magics. Now, all Garou have

Book of Auspices

——————


their own set of Gifts, but while most werewolves
find a small handful of tricks that are directly

practical to them personally and leave it at that,
Theurges tend to study spirit powers much more
deeply. Many Theurges track down any rumors of
AY a new Gift vigorously, and devote a great deal of
time to expanding their repertoire — it's part of
their duty, afterall. Theurges are also more likely to
gain Gifts outside the normal purview of their
breed, tribe and auspice — it's a lot more likely
you'll see a Theurge with a Galliard Gift then vice
versa. In fact, Theurges have been known to offend
members of other tribes by tricking spirits into
parting with their tribal secrets.

"But no Garou truly hasa plethora of Gifts; what
makes Theurges frightening and powerful is that no
one can predict exactly what powers a given Theurge
has up hersleeve. They can know just about any Gift,
and no Theurge worthy of the title will share knowl-
edge of what Gifts she knows easily. In some cases,
even a Theurge's packmates aren't aware of the ;
mystical ace up her sleeve until they need to be. All
this said, much of a Theurge's so-called magic is not ~
anything she actually does herself, but a favor she
receives from a spirit, repaid through the constant
webs of Chiminage that wrap around a Theurge's life.
This means that a Theurge who knowsa diverse body
of spirits can do damned near anything in a time of 5
need, at the price of binding her life in an intricate
web of obligations, geasa and spirit-debts forever after.
Nothing is free, after all.

The lotebigence Offcer
"l've touched on the role a Theurge has as an
information source a few times now. A pack
normally looks to their Theurge to uncover any
information they might need in a coming conflict.
This is usually gleaned through mystical means —
scrying and spirit lore — but it can also be learned
more mundanely. Theurges are expected to know
secrets, and in many circles the measure of a
Theurge's power is determined by how much dirt 4
she has on powerful people. Blackmail isa common
practice among them, and a means of gaining the
influence and voice they need to perform their
more benevolent spiritual duties. Don't look
shocked, Anjou— you know how harsh our war is,
and how hard it can be to wring anything resem-
4 bling justice or compassion out of human society.

Theurges just use the tools they have available to
them. That said, Theurges are not spies, per se —
that role belongs to the Ragabash. The closest
parallel would be to call them intelligence analysts,
but their sources are usually spirits rather than

agents in the field. While Ragabash tend to enjoy
being sneaky, Theurges love information for it's

5 ASK

nN SS
S\

~


Seer ree renee creme a naan ssn ave ra ren mnor renner)

own sake, and the darker the secret, the happier a stereotypi-
cal Theurge will be.

"Tf you suspect that Shadows was violating your privacy,
Anjou... I hate to say this, but you're probably right. Many
Theurges are incredible snoops; adding an Uktena heritage to
the mix just doubles the allure of finding out a juicy new
secret. Theurges watch over everyone, often in mystical ways
normal Garou have no way of detecting. Yes, it's invasive, and
yes, it feeds resentment, but just like the Ragabash and their
pranks, it's part of their appointed role by Gaia, so nobody can
really do much about it. For what it's worth, they generally
don't watch over Kinfolk, because Kinfolk aren't privy to
secrets they want to learn. And if a Theurge becomes really
obnoxious about their secrets — trying to blackmail a sept
elder, for example —a Philodox or other Garou authority can
step ina slap them back into line. Or, if the offense warrants,
throat them where they stand."

Ending on that note left an awkward silence.

The Mbythie

"I'm going to guess that you probably don't have a very
high opinion of mysticism."

Anjou nodded, but there was no hostility when she spoke.
"When I was young, my mother had this brightly colored Time-
Life book about religions around the world. I remember the
pictures of the Sufi monks, going out into the desert in Saudi
Arabia to chant and howl until they drove themselves into a
trance state... or died. I remember thinking how courageous
they must have been, to risk their lives in the hopes of receiving
avision. Then I grew up a little, and I came to see their actions
as stupid and superstitious rather than noble. For all the talk on
television about the mystical experience, I've never seen
anything that shows real, concrete good coming from it to offset
all the sacrifices people make in it's name."

Aaron nodded slowly. "Those monks are as good an
image of the Theurge as any. It's a matter of opinion, I guess,
but I've never thought of those kinds of people as stupid.

"Look, Anjou. There are mystical questions that we
absolutely must have the answers to. Garou spirituality is
not something done just to give us comfort when times are
hard — indeed, our faith only tells us that our goddess is
dying, and the world is prophesied to die with Her. Instead,
spiritualism is just a part of the world to us, something we are
duty-bound to address, and the spirit worlds are every bit as
sick as the corporeal. Reason and science, as helpful as they
have been in many areas, cannot save us here — the Wyrm,
Gaia, purity and corruption; these things are simply beyond
their domain. We need our mysticism, now more than ever,
if we are to have hope. Our mystics are the one-eyed men in
a world of the blind; they are the only ones who can offer us
guidance in the realms of the higher mysteries."

Anjou shrugged, and Aaron wished he were a Galliard, so
that his words could so beautifully articulate what he knew in
his heart. But he wasn't, and so there was a human woman,
deeply hurt by the spiritual, staring at him as ifhe were an idiot.

4

—_

ne ee

The Vitkonary

"Do you believe in the Wyrm, Anjou?"

She paused and thought. "Yes, I guess. I've seen the
Ahroun dragged back from battles covered with blood and
ichor. I've heard the stories, listened to descriptions of Black
Spiral Dancers and Nexus Crawlers. Your enemies are
certainly real. And I've seen the real supernatural power
your Gifts have — to heal, to create darkness, to jam up guns
and computers or turn yourselves invisible. You're not
fighting an imaginary war, so it makes sense that the spiri-
tual force your enemies revere is a real one as well. And yes,
if you want to know, in truth it terrifies me."

"What exactly do you think the Wyrm is, Anjou?"

"I, Idon't know. It's the enemy, the evil you fight. I don't
know a lot about it. I guess it's kind of like the Devil, right?"

"In Christianity, I've heard, the Devil is just an angel
out of line, a rebellious spirit who doesn't respect his creator.
I guess that's a reasonable image of the Wyrm. To the
Christians, though, the Devil doesn't matter that much in
the grand scheme of things. Michael could come one day
and smite Lucifer really good, and it just wouldn't make a
great amount of difference. The world would go on just fine
after Old Scratch passes on, Heaven will still open its gates
to the true believers, and God's natural order will still reign
on Earth. Good triumphs over evil, just as Saint John told us
it would. But the Wyrm isn't that simple.

"The Wyrm is here to stay, Anjou. It's not just a rebel
angel or rogue spirit, it's one of three cornerstones of the
universe. I very much doubt even a godlike being like Luna
— or Gabriel, if you prefer — could ever kill it. It would be
like trying to kill gravity, or exterminate love. And the
Wyrm is absolutely necessary — without it, the world
cannot exist in anything resembling the form we know, and
all life would surely cease.

"That's why the Theurges' role as a visionary is so
terribly important to the Garou's fight. Somebody has to
take the long view; somebody has to seriously consider what
we are going to do about the Wyrm in the end. Now, any
group of people under siege is inherently going to be think-
ing for the moment, trying to survive the next day, week or
month. But in the end that's destructive, because it means
we keep sliding backwards, losing ground, without having a
long-term stratagem to solve our problems. Right now, the
Garou Nation has absolutely got it's hands full, so the
Theurges are the only ones thinking long — trying to figure
out how we can actually heal the world, restore balance to
the Triat, rather than just fighting a war of containment to
prevent the Wyrm from doing worse than it already has.

"That's a cause worth pursuing, and if you think about
it a bit, you'll see that mysticism and spirit-questing, search-
ing out supernatural revelations, is the only approach that
has any chance of doing any good. Unless you can think of
anything better the Theurges should be doing to heal the
corruption that they aren't already. Trust me, I'm all ears..."

Anjou couldn't.

Book of Auspices

———


The Long View

"So what is this visionary plan, then? What's the
catechism here? How are your peoples' mystics going to put
a broken world back together again?"

"There'sa lot of discussion on just that topic, but no real
consensus, unfortunately. Theurges are a very diverse lot,
and every tribe's shamans have a different outlook. Even
within a tribe, different Theurges feel that different things
are needed. Garou spiritualism is very different from human
religion; we aren't nearly as bound by dogma or catechism
because of our distrust for the Weaver. This is a great
strength, but it's also a grave weakness — in terms of
spiritual exploration, everybody tends to do their own thing,
and since we're in a situation where we need some answers
P.D.Q., that could be bad.

"T know a circle of Get Theurges down in Arizona who
believe that the Defiler Wyrm would be weakened, and the
lost Balance aspect reborn, if humanity could only be taught
to accept death as natural rather then fearing it. In Alaska
there are Wendigo Theurges who want to try and draw
humanity away from the cities, hoping that they'll learn to
respect Gaia again if they have to depend upon nature for
daily survival again — and no, this isn't subjugation; many
humans want to live closer to the natural world. Other
Theurges see restoring balance in terms of nurturing the
virtue du jour, be it honesty, righteous anger, spiritual piety,
filial love or common courtesy. The Stargazers, inspired by
Buddhism, find moderation in all things the key to resisting
the Wyrm's influence, and strive to teach humanity temper-
ance in this vein. Other views are more supernatural —a
cabal of Strider Theurges in Uganda collects tales of Umbral
journeys, collating and analyzing them in the hopes of
finding a common thread in Umbral victories against the
Wyrm. A pack of Walkers in Seattle is dedicated to psycho-
analyzing captured Black Spiral Dancers, in the hopes that
curing their madness might in effect contribute to curing the
Wyrm overall. A bunch of Bone Gnawer students founded
a society dedicated to debunking urban legends, taking the
psychological bite out of the mythical terrors that menace
the impoverished side of humanity. And of course our own
Bane Tenders strive to keep sleeping evils asleep with
blessed songs and other soothing powers, and to undermine
active Banes by soothing their inflamed emotions, driving
them into Slumber.

"The thing is, you see, that I think all of this helps. The
world has some really big problems as it stands, and there is
not going to be one epic heroic solution to the dilemma of
the Wyrm. But a whole bunch of little efforts does not
necessarily add up to nothing; in the end I think that every
spiritual approach can do at least some good against the
Wyrm, and the diverse ways of the Theurges are the best
chance we have. Really, it's not just Theurges, either,
though of course they have a much clearer vision of the
enemy. Humans fight the Wyrm constantly, though they
don't know it; they oppose corruption by promoting social

Sd nener es emweere reece mee

justice, by refusing to give in to base urges, by having the
strength to care about something. Spiritual warfare has a
thousand faces, and the more metaphorical weapons the
Theurges can find, the better off everybody is.

Theurgat aren the Tiller

"Living by an Uktena sept, Anjou, you only see a
fraction of the overall culture of the Garou. Every tribe has
its own perspective on spirituality and its own rituals.

"The Black Furies' The §.consider themselves to be
servitors of the Wyld as much as Gaia, though they consider
the two to be tightly linked. Their theology ties strongly to
gender, of course — th that women have a strong

natural bond with th Oth share in the ability
to create life. Sometimes this i is used asian excuse for argu-
ments of female' ity, and many Fury Theurges argue

i sthe strict gender segregation

that malesz i 4 justify
under which me ite
‘that ‘are uniquely feminine, and unlike most

believe in and support gender roles.
Nor, contrary towhat you 'yeprobably heard, do they sacrifice
men or even work against'them — most believe Gaia created
each gender with unique abilities and a unique role. Their
focus is on women, and they want to ensure that men revere,
and yes, even fear, the feminine power. At least, that's the
story I got from a Fury shaman I once talked to."

Anjou nodded. "Women are excluded from so many
things, big and small. Men often don't see that, but every
woman is aware of it. I think it must mean a great deal to
these women to have their secret rites and sacred role, the
honors and duties that are uniquely female in which men
cannot share. I can't say if that's fair or not, but I can
understand how it grants them dignity they would not
otherwise have."

Aaron nodded. He was glad that Anjou was warming up
to the ideas he was describifigsin spite of herself. Perhaps
there could be an equitable resolution ¢0this yet)Eager to
keep her interest, he "The Bone Gnawers are not
often thought of ;

utthere i isagreater depth

other tribes — they n have a special Tite for Super Bowl
Sunday — but they are still powerful tools,for creating
reverence, community, warmth and compassion. The Gnaw-
ers disdain formality, but in irreverence they paradoxically
show great respect for their tribe's traditions and pay
chiminage to spirits that have little else to their name. In the
hearts of large cities, Anjou, there lurk powerful and un-
known spirits driven by the passions of the downtrodden
and the feral. These beings are rarely seen or heard from in
their homes, because the city Gauntlet is so strong, but the
Bone Gnawers give them a voice, and in doing so they make
the cities into living things instead of sterile collectives.
These Theurges teach humanity to respect the physical

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries 47

alms aaa aaa

ie

|


ee

things of their everyday life, the buildings and the trash
heaps — they take the heart and soul of animism and bring
it into the modern age, and we owe them much for that.

"Thave only once had the opportunity to look upon some
of the great and secret urban spirits that Gnawer Theurges pay
homage to— the Heap Totems, the Hidden Sewer Crawlers,
the Megalith Spirit of the Montreal Central Station. I wish
that I could take you into the Umbra to see them yourself,
because they are majestic and terrible, and yet any attempt I
might make to describesthi@in/Wotild,only draw them as
laughable. But I do not have that ability, sadly.

"The Children of Gaia's Theurges embrace the ideal of
spiritual healing whole-heartedly, seeking out ways tocleanse
corruption from individuals and heal emotional wounds.
They have connéetions though their totem to special spirits
called Heart Guides that have insight into the émotions and
potentials of an individual. Every persoihas.a Heart Guide,
and that spiritaiiderstaids the path that pei find to

person in question. Now if that soundscl,
to you, I want you to consider this:

"I'm sure you've seen féal cruélty afid degradation in your
life, Anjou—I know that I have. And I know that, like me, you
have probably put up your emotional walls and prevented
yourself from sharing the pain of others completely, because
that kind of empathy would be too hard for you to bear. We all
do it, consciously or not, and I'm not trying to condemn that.
But I am trying to get across to you the incredible courage that
it takes to do what these Theurges do, to live though others'
pain with them and to share their wounding. It's messy and
bloody and it hurts, and very few people are psychologically set
up to give of themselves in this manner. Surely, you've seen
people like that? At homeless shelters, at rape crisis centers, at
police stations and even schools? And you feel just a little bit
in awe of them, and very awkwardf ‘hecatige you ktiow that it's
not in your nature to give re | a astheydo,
again and again. That's whatt ildren of Gaia's Theurges
are like. Think about that befor dismiss all Theurges as
bullies, tree-huggers or dogmati

Anjou glanced downward
response to Aaron's challenge, so:
ued speaking. :

"If the Gaian Theurges are gifted with great compas-
sion, then those of the Fianna are blessed with joy. So many
of my companions réfuse to see the spiritual depth of the
Fianna, just because their skin is white. Forgetting for a
second that tribe's crimes against the Pure Lands, ask them
how they tended their own: Fianna have always had strong
ties to the land, can'bébany one of their Theurges
knows about ever that g naturally within several
miles of theirhome. Like us, they'vewatcheda tribe that was
once close to them fall into the maw of spiritual corruption;
unlike us, their brothers didn't even earn a heroic death.
Because of this, Fiatnasheurges tend to be very serious
about rooting out spiritual and psychological corruption in

not say anything in
nthe contin-

ne 7

the Nation; this fact hardly makes the many Fianna Theurge
"investigators" and "specialists" popular with foreign septs.
But in the end, nobody wants to see another great tragedy
like the White Howlers happen, so we're glad to have them.

"Now, living at an Uktena sept, you've probably heard
a lot about Fianna irresponsibility and crimes of passion.
Fianna have the souls of artists and singers, and their
Theurges try to use that to bring the message of reverence to
humanity. They also get mocked for that, because so often
what comes out of the process is Hollywood drivel, pseudo-
Celtic pap and shallow stereotypes. But at least they are
trying toreawaken the primal spiritualities; Theurges
have put a lot of weight behind Celtic c revival, modern
Druidism and even Wicca, afid fo or every ten vapid tree-
huggers; and paystal- -wavers they shoyel on onus, we get one real

utilis address
Theurges' "ites are

me time, Tovah, nothing
they say, bit off Tyr' 's hand

fr bea thou;
their"

loss? I suspeonaiian Mendon would understand that.
The Fenrir' cc a is one of strength and ordeal, and a
Theurge serving Fenris will journey to the ends of the Earth
to repay a debt of chiminage. ‘That which does not kill me
can only make me stronger, theysay, and for the Get at least
that may well be thee But they have nothing but
contempt for anyone could hot endure their rites, and
that tends to alienate from other Theurges.

"Glass Walker Theurges ate viewed with a degree of
prejudice by any ot!
twenty years ago.
they are among t
tive of the Garou Nati
conceit to fall into:
that don't fit mt
cities, and while T t say th
grounds, I'm not so ‘in as to
anguish, joy, fury, passion andi
beneath the steelg d

most innova-
alists. It's a very simple

spirits except the ones
af we,been in big
ye my favored stomping
s that there's real blood,
elemental power hiding

9,

explore it in greatel
"Now that' 's not y city-spirits aren't sick
StiVE fact, and give the
it: they kno

and the Walker Theurges have én it upon themselves to
a | reverence to the cities,

of the buildings they

Walker Crescents see themselves as ona one-man mission to

48 Book of Auspices

———,

iris,

q


bring the Weaver back to sanity, and while theirggé
admirable I'm not sure they appreciate the depth of
problem. But the tribe all together? Let us just say t
haven't given up hope for Mother Spider just ye

"Red Talon spirituality is very, very hard for even homids
born Garou to understand; fortunately, Anjou, nobody really
expects Kin to even try. We Garou are expected to honor the
Talonsasany other tribe, but I hardly blame you for your horror

e Apes.
out rites or

y supernatural — literally,

s of the Talons occur in the depths
. Many other Garou have never seen
; — it's their scouts and warriors that are
iffamous for attacking human settlements, and Galliards
and Philédox who most often negotiate with other Garou
septs. Because they lack the distinction between mystical
and mundane, they don't think of themselves as shamans or
magicians. Instead, they see themselves as the restorers of
nature's inherent balances and the tenders of wounds. I've
heard me Talat nted the task of raising

lack pki caLahight, they have to findanother source of
authority if! they are tosurvive within the continual, ruthless
Darwinian selection the tribe practices. Their power, like
that of a traditional Hoodoo Man, is fear: they make it well
known that they see and know things others do not, and
then they build on that mystery by trying to make the unseen
powers they converse with seem as horrific and macabre as
possible. They are masters of psychological warfare and
occult terrorism, and it becomes all the more frightening for
one of their victims to wake up thinly coated with blood that
is not their own, because said victim knows that their mystic
power is real and the Lord could have done far, far worse.
"The Lords' Theurges do respect the spirits, but they are
far more willing to bind and dominate them then other

Sena amecare reais es

Garou, who deal more diplomatically. Of course, in Grand-
¢ t Thunder' s bro dst . idera Theurge

sing their skill with high rituaf'to cow humans
interested in occult power into their service.

"Silent Strider Theurges understand better than any-
one the sacredness of place, being travelers. Location is a
magic all it's own, and one's home is one's temple — no one
knows this better than the Striders, who have had their
homeland stolen by serpentine vampires. They are often
able to tell alot about the character of a locale by its physical
presence, and many Strider Theurges are extremely well
versed in history and heritage. To these beings, respecting
the past goes hand in hand with respecting the spirits,
though that does not make them traditionalists — there's a
difference between respecting what came before and trying
to force the present to match up to the past.

All Theurges can speak with the ancestor-spirits of
other Garou — being half-spirit ourselves, we go to the
Middle World when we die. But the Theurges of the Striders
have ties to the Underworld, the home of the souls of dead
humans, and they are able to speak with the ghosts and
shades that dwell therein. Many Strider Theurges devote
themselves to the dead, helping them to resolve the things
that keep them tied to the Gaia Realm. This most often isn't
just a matter of avenging a death or delivering a last message
to a loved one; the passions of a ghost are as deep and
nuanced as those of a living person, and they must be
resolved before that restless spirit can move on. It's a kind of
spiritual healing, which of course makes it central to the
Theurges' duties. I've heard rumors that great tragedy has
recently struck the humans' afterlife-world, and the Strider
Theurges now seek simply to help ghosts survive where they
can — but that is just hearsay, little more.

"Silver Fang Theurges continue in the grand European
tradition of applying reason to faith, and using philosophical
study to uncover higher spiritual truths; I'm sure Thomas
Aquinas would be quite proud. Unsurprisingly, they do tend
to be overly concerned with orthodoxy, but I think this
comes more from a sincere desire to believe in what is true,
rather than dogmatic thought. Their clarity of theology
lends them a great deal of credence when dealing with
humans, who are an religions

FiannsMupport. They aren't so eh ent) x6 the main-
stream intellectualism of Silver Fang Theurges as they are a
counterbalance to it; many Theurges belong in one camp by

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries

CO na

ee

anne a nny,

Nene rane comenememnenenmmenenenrrrtl

day and the other by night. By this means the Fangs pay
equal homage to both the intellectual and passionate ele-
ments of spirituality.

"Given the character of the tribe, it's not surprising
how heavily honor figures into Silver Fang shamanism.
They are among the most devoted to maintaining — and
enforcing — debts of chiminage in the Garou Nation. Sadly,
they have trouble appreciating any kind of humor concern-
ing spirits, and this can drive them into conflict with the
Ragabash. Fortunately, as in all things, they strive to lead by
example, anda Silver Fang p esence can often bring a lapsed
sept new regard for the spifits, simply by the nobility and
eloquence of the Theurge WI

"Stargazer Theurges 1
dhist philosophy to arrive
Gaiadharma, tl
mystics, living t
isolating thémse'
their clarity o'
among mankin
their mission woul
warders of exc
alike toa
embraé

"T suspect tl
decision to
a vision of Some

that they reac!
less without
individuals résponsible for
see the Weaver as a threat

p lifestyle and
ices to improve
ers are out an about
he best way to describe

at they see themselves as the
choices and to

ion and temperance.
ig recent
Nation. see that
id I hope the choice
till, the Nation is

nvincing the Garou Nation to
ignificant as the Wyrm, and
giving usaclueas to how to aet against it. Their view of what
exactly the Weaver is, is also fairly visionary — rather than
focusing on the traditionally emphasized aspects of technol-
ogy and modernism, they dig to the core and view Mother
Spider fundamentally as a weaver of illusions to cloud and
conceal spiritual vision. I don't claim to understand all their
philosophies, but some of their work pecealcily makes fasci-
nating reading.

Uktena. We ki
decisions in

if you want to tell met
The truth is th

ast of the important

e eloped caution, a
: ealthy attraction to dark
mystical power. As a Philodox,1 must admit that I see a lot
of hope for many of the ‘oun and Galliards
pushing themselves td/p¢ it adership among us.
Spirituality is good, the be-all and end-all of
everything, and thesé ne#¥, dynamic perspectives are help-
ing our tribe to realize yes, if you want to know, some
of your anger at the you've met probably has a

ne Ae

righteous base, and many of them may have grown compla-
cent. I'm not going to deny any of that."

Anjou nodded slowly. "Thank you for granting that.
I'm not opposed to Theurges in general, I guess. It's just that
some of the ones around here seem so damned arrogant..."
owly. "On, then, to the Wendigo. Here

‘ frightening, renal they are on
at is still herding and abusing us;
ers, and we can't forget that.

"I'm sure you've heard the boasts that Wendigo visiting
the sept sometimes make about being pure-blooded Natives
of august ancestry, and if you've taken a few anthropology and
American history courses, you know how ludicrous most of
those claims are likely to be. The tribal elders have the same
attitude toward spirituality they do toward lineage — "keep it
pure" — and the approach is no more realistic in the field of
mysticism than it is in breeding. Many of their Theurges are
amateur anthropologists by necessity, trying to keep their
rituals and chiminage strictly accurate to the ways the Chero-
kee or Tshimshan did it three centuries ago. Of course, it is a
crippling weakness for a mystic to focus so much on details of
form over sincerity of expression, and rituals three centuries
old often aren't very applicable to the modern world, outside
of very limited situations. In the most rigid septs, there is even
a form of spiritual apartheid enforced — Theurges aren't
permitted to commune with spirits that don't have precedent
in pre-Columbian Native or Wendigo legends.

"Obviously, this is an intensely stifling environment for
true spiritual visionaries to live under, and the Theurges
break out of it when they can. I've heard there's something
of an underground spiritual movement in the tribe that
mixes a distinctly modernist bent with traditional devotion
to protecting Native peoples and preserving not just the
form but the meaning, the primal essence, of traditional
Native religions. For what it's worth, I give these courageous
spiritualists all my blessings."

Ober Moons

"You have to understand this thing, Anjou: auspices are
not like feuding nations or petty high school cliques. We all
depend on each other, and we deal with the other auspices
every day of our lives. Theurges have many things they can do
to help members of other auspices, and similarly they have
many needs they depend upon the other Garou to fulfill.
Some of these exchanges are purely professional, but others
are very, very personal, tying in to the roots of what makes
each auspice what it is. It's the pack mentality, and that's not
something I can easily explain toa human. It's like family, but
more so — love or hate your packmates, you trust them
implicitly. You perform the function you are good at — your

50 Book of Auspices

_———

ee


auspice — and you depend on them to do the same, enabling
the pack to work very effectively together. It's beautiful, in a
way, and I hope I don't sound patronizing if I say that it's
probably a little outside your experience. Anyway...
"Ragabashiareinot dissimilar,to Theurges in many ways,
and the Wo auspices value each othermi6rethan you would
initially expect. Ragabash often end up actinglas muses to
Theutges — their questioning of the ways hass many
Theurges' more extended spiritual explorations. Théurges
thatypropose truly radical or visionary ideas often find that
the Ragabash offer them the only support to be found withi in
the Garou Nation, and for this they are thankful. Also, most
Theurges have a greater understanding of the ‘spiritual
importance of the trickster archetype than mam
Garou, which means they'll tolerate more coger

course, if a Theurge feels that a Ragabash is one
spirits getead of oe them, the whole ea

passion or genuine mice inspiration:
dogma and tunnel vision everywhere in the Garou nation —
they aren't trying to destroy tradition, just ensure that it
retains it's meaning and stays flexible — and the Theurges
are their targets as often as not. There's a good deal of
diversity in how Theurges respond to having their theology
challenged by a Ragabash, ranging from hide-bound fear
and outrage to calm acceptance and reasoned debate. As
much as they'd never admit it, though, Theurges envy
Ragabash: just about every Theurge with asignificant amount
of experience behind her has had to make a hurtful sacrifice
to fulfill a promise at some point or another. The casual glee
with which the Ragabash brush aside responsibilities, break
their sworn vows and baldly dissemble through shit-eating
grins seems inherently decadent to those Garou who were
appointed by Gaia to ensure thatpromises made to spirits are
always kept. It's their sacred role,
"Theurges obyiously! reme
of responsibilities and they: 1t0.a Philodox packmate
like myselfito help bring orde to their chaotic lives. I guess
it's just my auspice's role to be pillars that other Garou lean
on, and/Theurges do end up relying on us for stability, for

expect. It's good to have
to schdol while you're

omeone aihiotes can drive your kids
tt on a vision quest, and most
that kind of thing for a Theurge
ip with a Philodox is a good way
for a Theurge to keep one foot firmly grounded in temporal
concerns, thereby avoiding drifting off into the ivory-tower
world of ideals and mysticism entirely. I guess you could say
we anchor them, and the m thankful for that.
"We're also their fellow tSin.the Garou Nation.
In theory, we have very d influence then
they do — we focus on rituals that confer respect, judge

Se ransr ns ameasare reams ee

Renown, separate truth from lies and reinforce duties, while
they go in more for the rites that have real mystical power or
esoteric symbolic significance. Nonetheless, we're both
ritualists, and most Philodox value having a Theurge friend
whose brain they can pick for help organizing a ceremony
and ensuring that it has the right kind of emotional impact.
Rituals are rituals, after all, and their practice gives Theurges
and Philodox a lot of common ground.

"Galliards also,haye alot in commoniwith Theurges.
Both auspices have duties that enmesh them inthe human
world, and s6 both often end up trying to lead something
resembling a human life on top of their Garou one»Many
Theurgés have agendas: spiritual restoration that involve
changes to human society, legality or attitudes, but the
shaman is a terrifying and sometimes antisocial figure; they
lack the social finesse at which Galliards excel. Thus,
Theurges and Galliards often end up working together
supporting social activism, environmental protest move-
ments, various civil rights causes and alternative religious
ts. It might be fair to say that the Theurges divine what
must be done, providing the heart and soul of such endeav-
ors, while Galliards know how to do it, being masters of
everything from fast-talkto sincere inspiration. Theurges
send on Galliards to articulate and present their
ideas in a way that captures people's imaginations.

"Sadly, in Garousociety the relationship between these
auspices is not always as harmonious. Galliards keep the
Garou Nation's stories and legends, and like any playwrights
they sometimes face attempts at censorship from the local
religious authorities. Galliard tales most often focus on (and
romanticize) the power and competence of a lone Garou
hero, and sometimes the Theurges feel that their heroic
fantasies don't sufficiently show that everything the hero
has is ultimately a gift from the spirits. I'm sure that Theurges
would prefer that every legend be phrased as a testament to
piety and a baroque morality play, while the passionate
Galliards enjoy stories of adventure and heroism. Storycraft
is the Galliard's domain, and when Ranks are equal the
Galliard carries absolute authorityyin thatarea. But young
Galliards cangften find themselves frustratethby elder
Theurgesyacting as censors. Fortunately, most Galliards —
like all Garou — really do revere the spirits deeply, even if
they haven't made a career out of it. So a few minor

suggestions and changes to ensure that a story is reverent as
well Mate and entertaining are often welcomed.
u have very little in common with Theurges;

t perfect counterpoints to each other. Crescent
introspective, nurturing, visionary, idealistic and
‘any Garou ever gets; Full Moons are harsh,
concerned with immediate, tangible things
, very angry and violent. This doesm't mean
$ great conflict) just that their spheres of influence rarely
overlap to a teal extent. Ahroun highly yaltie levelheaded
and reasonable Theurges as tactical assets; any warrior knows
the value of field: specialists. Conversely, Theurges are often
the least combative of Garou, and so they depend on Ahroun

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries 51

ee

i

+4
|

Sere ree rene creme a eran soe. orve aor soa rempmasrwrensmn aren)

for protection in battle. Nottosay that Theurges
can't aid a battle; their aid can be invaluable,
but it most often depends on them being kept
away from the front line carnage to direct spirit
allies and toss curses at the enemy. Overall, the
two auspices have a healthy professional re-
spect for each other's work, but no strong
personal ties; friendships (or rivalries) between
Ahroun and Theurges tend to develop based
on factors other than the duties and nature of
the auspices involved.

Thourget avd Cerder

"Some Garou, particularly Furies, have
theorized that there might be significantly more
female Theurges all told then males. This ties
into their peculiar gender theory — masculine
aggression tempered and guided by feminine
introspection. It would be interesting to see
some statistics on this, but of course Garou
society isn't set up in a way that allows the
collection of such data reliably. I will say that in
my life experience, I've seen a large number of
male Theurges, and they do their jobs damned
well — just like the female Ahroun. Perhaps
it's not so much about male and female as
masculine and feminine. The Theurge is cer-
tainly a nurturing archetype, something re-
garded by traditional societies as a feminine
role, and even though nowadays we know men
areas capable of being good nurturersas women,
the mystical correspondence between any
Theurge, male or female, and the feminine
aspect remains, to some extent.

"Theurgesalsosometimes intentionally con-
fuse gender roles in order to attain mystical power.
Surely you've heard of Contraries — the trick-
sters and shamans who dress as the opposite
gender and live out exaggerated forms of their
society's gender roles? Ragabash are the most
infamous Garou to take this role, but Theurgesdo
$0 too, on occasion, for psychological and super-
natural reasons. These rare Theurges tend to be
outcasts or questioners themselves, following in
the footsteps of the Ragabash, but they lend a
more disturbing tone to the role of Contrary then
a New Moon might. It sets them apart from the
rest of society, and it tends to disturb people on an
instinctive level. It's easy to laugh at a transves-
tite, but nobody dares to laugh at a Theurge, so
that just leaves the awkwardness and the fear.
The common wisdom is that a Theurge is ex-
pected to be disturbing on some levels; it helps
them fulfill their role of promoting reverence for
the spirits. Mystically, the division of gender
carries great power. Symbolically, crossing that

52

A ———

ESR


line makes the Theurgea magical being, just like crossing the line
between life and death during the Rite of Passage.
ting ata Theurge

"Among Garou, Theurges are the most likely to expe-
rience a less traumatic First Change. They don't have
overwhelming Rage, and they don't instinctively tend to be
as bloodthirsty or aggressive as the Galliards or Ahroun. It's
an uncommon Theurge that has potent enough Rage to
even have a chance of frenzying around the time of her First
Change. Further, the Theurge is a being of two worlds even
before she is consciously aware of her heritage — Gaian
spirits often feel drawn to protect and guide a nascent
Theurge before her Change, sending her signs and omens
from the earliest days of her life. Many homid Theurges
experience their First Change by traveling deeper into the
wilderness then they have ever before been, driven to do so
by instincts they did not fully understand and messages from
beyond the material world. Lupus Theurges find themselves
with spiritual questions that separate them from their fellow
wolves, and their introspection and inquiry often lead them
away from their pack before the First Change occurs.

"If the First Change is easier for Theurges, then the Rite of
Passage makes up for it. Many tribes have different practices,
but there is a common thread throughout many of them: in
becominga shaman, the initiate must die and return tolife. The
Get of Fenris literally hang their Theurges from a high oak tree,
leaving them tosway in the wind and rain for nine days and nine
nights. Now, suffocation will not normally killa Garou, but the
oxygen deprivation will still cause fainting and hallucinations
—sacred visions granted by Fenris and nightmares drawn from
deepest Niflheim. The Wendigosend their young Theurges out
into the wilderness, fasting in solitude until they frenzy from the
hunger orare granteda vision by Changing Woman or Sky Boy.
Young Glass Walkers sometimes crawl into the shafts and
steam tunnels beneath a nightclub or rave, intentionally
overdosing on hallucinogenic drugs to try and merge their
consciousness with the throng of the dancers, the music of the
city. Regardless of the method, the young Theurge brushes
against death in order to gaina glimpse of the world of the dead.
Even among tribes that do not have these practices, it's too
common to be coincidental for a Theurge to end up mortally
wounded and comatose after a Rite of Passage — the spirits
claim their due, whether through ritual or circumstance.

"This near death is both a symbolic echo of the First
Theurge's sacrifice, and a bonding with the spirit worlds. By
making the journey into the world beyond this one and
returning, the Theurge becomes a magical being, a creature of
two worlds and a bridge from one to the other. Now, all Garou
are creatures of spirit and flesh, Anjou; we all possess the ability
tostep sideways. Buta Theurge is special in that she isaconduit,
being in both worlds at the same time metaphorically if not
physically. Spirits recognize this; it makes them more willing to
convey sacred mysteries and to offer aid and succor in the
Theurge's most desperate hour. For all that they must endure,
the blessings of a child of two worlds are great indeed.

Sram sr amecare reece en ee

"The life of a Theurge is a demanding one, a continual
balancing act between the spiritual and the temporal. On
one hand, many of their duties — providing spiritual guid-
ance to humanity, protecting sacred animals, creating fe-
tishes, ministering to their pack, healing the sick, fulfilling
chiminage — require them to be focused on real, normal life.
The Garou Nation has no use for Theurges who are so
enraptured with the higher mysteries that they become
completely out of touch with the banalities of Garou life.
Indeed, such a being can be a terrible liability to a pack!
There are times when Garou are preparing for battle, and we
need spirit allies bound to fight by our sides, incantations to
drive away attacking Banes, and fetish weapons to give to
our strongest warriors. If a Theurge is too "spiritual" to
provide these things, she is gravely remiss in her duties.

"On the other hand, however, the world of shadows,
omens and mysteries exerts a siren's song pull overa Theurge,
and if she shuts that out too strongly, she's guilty of refusing
to listen to divine revelations — again, a grave sin. You must
understand this, Anjou, and | appreciate how outside of your
— or my — regular frame of experience it must be: Theurges
live deeply in a mystical world, where omens and ineffable
enigmas lurk around every corner. Imagine if everything you
experienced had two meanings: the literal one, and the
symbolic one. A Theurge who loses her grip and immerses
herself wholly in the ethereal world sees supernatural causes
and effects in everything around her, reading omens and
messages where there are none and becoming unable to
relate to the concerns of the material world. Mortal psy-
chologists call this disability Quixotism — the compulsive
ascribing of supernatural causes to mundane events.

"The balancing act is made even more difficult ifa homid
Theurge is trying to hold down anything resembling a normal
human life along with her spiritual and material duties. It's
deeply surreal to have to return from a mythic quest in the
spirit worlds in time to complete accounting reports for your
boss, but some Theurges find themselves in that situation. Yet
there is a compelling reason for a Theurge to live as a human
does as well: they must, if they are striving to influence and
heal the maladies of human society, be a part of it. A healer
cannot doher work if she holds herself so far above her patient
— or just outside her patient's world — as to lack sympathy
for the patient's life. So Theurges do try to hold jobs, parishes,
families and other human concerns more frequently than
other Garou do, with varying degrees of success. The extent
to which mysticism and chiminage plays havoc with that
depends on the individual — the cleverest and most quick-
witted Crescent Moons treat it like juggling, seeming to have
genuine fun keeping all the elements of their complex and
chaotic lives in balance. Those with less of this queer,
inhuman composure find it a continual, nerve-wracking
struggle trying to keep all their hens in a row. Nobody ever
said being a Crescent Moon was easy, after all.

"Aging is both hard and rewarding for a Theurge. They
tend to have the longest lives of any Garou, but they also have
the most limited futures. Unlike Ahroun and Ragabash, they

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries 53

————E—E—EEE—

i


a AA"

don't often go out in a blaze of glory. Unlike Galliards, our
society does not give them the freedom to become loners, going
out to seek one last, great story or legend. The Litany tenet
about the oldand infirm tends to be liberally interpreted toward
Theurges — or more accurately, they are considered to be a
liability only when their minds start to go. A warrior must be fit
in mind and body, but a shaman need only be able to hear the
spirits clearly and remember their secrets. For Theurges, rank
tends to be tied to age more than for the other auspices. An
ambitious young warrior can gain great skill in his art within a
decade or less, but true mastery of spiritualism takes a lifetime.
This can be frustrating to the ambitious Crescent Moon — an
aged Theurge Elder might have watched two generations of
Ahroun pass her by in rank before attaining her title — but
patience is a quality that Theurges value anyway, and I'm sure
many other Garou envy Theurges' opportunity to take life as it
comes rather than rushing through it.

"The Theurge who achieves the status of elder in rank as
well asage isa spiritual leader to her people, a treasured resource
that all Garou pay reverence to. Elder Theurges often become
Masters of the Rite at their sept, but a Theurge can hold a wide
variety of sept positions. Regardless of their title, these beings
are treated with a reverence for the elderly not typically seen in
Garou society. We depend on our elder Theurges, Anjou, ina
way that's damn hard to articulate. They are the closest of
anyone to what we're all fighting for, and it's hard forany Garou
not to feel a kind of awe when dealing with them. Our society
reveres wisdom highly, as much so as glory and honor, and an
elder Theurge is seen by many as wisdom incarnate. We need
them, and when they die their loss is felt throughout the sept."

Aaron trailed off, unsure of what else to say, trying to
capture with words something he suspected couldn't be caught.

eee

Anjou and Aaron talked for the better part of the
afternoon, mostly about trivialities. A Philodox understands
psychology, after all, but anyone could see that a woman who
has lost her children and is being mocked by her peers needs
nothing more then simple companionship. The knock — the
one Aaron had been quietly hoping would not arrive —
happened in the early hours of the evening. He quickly went
to answer the door before Anjou could respond.

Aaron had never met Speaks-With-Shadows before,
being a visitor to the sept, but she looked every bit as
imposing as he had imagined her. He could not estimate her
age — possibly older than any human had lived — but her
wire-like white hair, bloodshot eyes and leathery skin made
her seem every inch a crone out of Greek legend. Which,
Aaron supposed, was exactly the image she wanted to evoke.

"May I come in?" she asked with the voice of a woman
unaccustomed to asking permission.

"Of course," Anjou quickly replied.

"J thought it best that I knock this time."

Anjou bowed her head in fear. Clearly, Aaron wasn't
the only one who had heard about some of the less savory
things she had said regarding Speaks-With-Shadows.

5

—_——

The crone's words came quickly and awkwardly; it was
clear she did not enjoy speaking them. "I... I heard some of
what Aaron was telling you. He is right, you know; our duties
are long and hard, and often they leave us weary. We are to
teach humanity to revere the spirits, but sometimes it
becomes easier to simply make humanity fear the spirits.
Fear is always simpler to nurture than sincere respect, and
you have paid the price for my laziness. | have been negligent
in my duties, Anjou. I felt your pain in my dreams, and I
knew that I was the cause. The way in which I dealt with you
was dishonorable, and for that I am truly and deeply sorry."

She looked very vulnerable in that moment, and Anjou
averted her gaze.

"Nothing can be done now. It's over. Let us just get on
with our lives."

Speaks-With-Shadows' expression was indecipherable.
"At the least, you are entitled to a better explanation for
things than you received. Phillipe was not a good man in any
sense of the term. He was a... a dark being, Anjou, and he
was in thrall to the Enemy. He was using you to get to the
sept. In my visions, you lay on the ground, staring blankly,
your throat slit by your own son. Be very grateful the spirits
of Gaia showed you the mercy that they did by forcing the
corruption that would have nested into your children's souls
outward, and into their bodies. The other way would have
been far, far worse for you. In no possible future would
Phillipe ever have fulfilled your dreams. All this I should
have told you when I first met you, rather than simply giving
you an order and assuming you would obey."

Anjou said nothing, blankly horrified at Shadows'
statements. After several moments of silence, Shadows
decided it would be best to simply change the subject.
"Words are sterile. They are the things of the Weaver. Once
they are set down they never change. You cannot put being
aTheurge into words, Aaron. You should have known that."

The old crone turned to Anjou. "If you are truly
interested in understanding what it means to be a Theurge,
I can only show you, not tell you."

Fearfully, Anjou nodded. She was surprised to admit
she was interested in this for it's own sake, rather than just
out of practicality. Shadows reached into her robes and
withdrew what initially looked like the skeleton of a rat,
setting it on the table in front of Anjou. And then it moved.
It was, indeed, a tiny undead rat, and something only
vaguely like fire gleamed in its eyes. Despite this, it hardly
seemed threatening; if anything, Anjou found she wanted to
bow like a noble lady before a great knight.

"This is a spirit of birth and rebirth, Anjou. It told me
about your children."

When Anjou looked into the pinprick lights in skeletal
eye-sockets, the spirit responded by initiating something
that was not exactly communication, for humans cannot
speak directly to spirits, but might have been the primordial
ancestor to speech, millennia past when the world was less
complex and more magical. And then Anjou simply under-

Book of Auspices

SY,


stood, and she knew that the thing she had just learned could
never be told, only experienced.

"Thank you," she gasped. The skeleton rat chittered
silently and settled down on bony haunches, looking content.

Shadows smiled. On her face, it was surreal.

"Anjou, Kinfolk cannot be Theurges, but they have been
shamans for many millennia. Humanity has far too few
shamans in this age. You are certainly capable, and it might
even bring to your life the dignity you so desire. I have
wronged you, and in atonement, if you wish it, I will share
with you my mysteries and secrets, and begin teaching you the
ways that humans revere and speak to the spirits. | mean no
pressure by this; I simply realize that your future looks bleak,
and | offer you a light. Do not decide now. Think about it."

Anjou nodded slowly. "I... I'll think. I can't say any-
thing now. I'm in shock, to be honest."

The Theurge nodded, and then grasped Anjou tightly
on the shoulder. "There is one more thing I am obligated to
say to you before we part ways, Anjou. I do not care if you
think I ama bitch, or if you tell others as much. It is not my
place to care about that kind of thing, and maybe it is even
the truth. And whether you believe it or not, I do have
compassion for your pain, and wish you all the best of life.
But if you are ever again heard speaking of Uktena or Gaia
as you were at that bar last night, I will come back here and
gut you myself, and hang your entrails by the bawn of the
caern as a warning to any others who would blaspheme
against the spirits. My auspice demands no less of me."

And then she turned and walked out.

Jyorypehng Nove

Story's over. Running Theurges can be involved, espe-
cially if the Storyteller wants to include mysticism and
vision quests in her game. The following advice might spark
the imagination; in addition, we present a few new Traits for
Theurge characters to choose from.

Sige avd Wonders

How exactly should a Storyteller run the mystical world
a Theurge lives in? It can seem very daunting, for if you try to
storytell a dream scene or add a symbolic omen and it comes
off badly, it can seem incredibly cliched and cheesy. The best
advice a Storyteller can be given in this regard is to give
players a chance to explore and interact with a mystical world
—whether it's the Umbra or just a dream scene —rather than
hitting them over the head with a message, railroading them
through the exact steps of Campbell's hero's journey or just
trying to add spooky ambience with lots of purple adjectives.
Remember that storytelling mysticism, just like any other
kind of storytelling, should be an interactive activity.

Find some good sources of surrealism and mystical
imagery, and adapt it to your own uses. In a private game,
there's no reason to be afraid of a little plagiarism, whether
you're ripping off St. John's Revelation, David Lynch's mov-
ies or Neil Gaiman's latest novel. Mythic imagery is not easy

Sree ranrr ns amecsare reais ee

for most people to come up with, and almost always draws on
the mythology that has come before it. As long as you are
reasonably discreet in lifting things and don't include out-
of-genre elements, a healthy collection of inspirations can
only be helpful in creating a vividly symbolic world.

Don't expect players to read your mind. The very worst
thing you can do is to present an image or encounter that has
symbolic importance and expect the player of a Theurge to
interpret it exactly the same way that you do. A few players
may enjoy butting their heads against an obscure puzzle of
symbolism the Storyteller invented, but most won't. Further,
unlike a concretely logical enigma (like intrigue or murder
mystery) it's almost impossible for players to figure out the
"tight" interpretation of a symbol or omen. Characters have
an Enigmas score for a reason — there's nothing wrong with
letting them make a roll to come up with the "correct" (i.e.,
relevant) interpretation of an omen or symbol.

It's not blasphemous for a Storyteller to either provide
symbolism directly with the preferred interpretation ("Glanc-
ing at Lord Alistair's grandfather clock, you notice that the
pendulum is stuck tight with the webs of spiders. You blink,
and the webs are gone, such that you wonder if you ever
really saw them. Perhaps this is an omen that he is trying to
hold back his own aging with something tied tothe Weaver.")
or to present symbols with a reasonably obvious interpreta-
tion. Even if the players don't have to figure anything out,
the presence of metaphors still adds an element of mystery
and ambience to the game.

Alternatively, you can use a simple trick that greatly
reduces the frustration level of a Theurge player and adds to
both the competence of the character and the player's ability
to influence the game. Throw out symbols and mythic imag-
ery, then wait and see how the Theurge interprets them and
what significance she attributes to them. If her interpretation
is reasonable, creative and complex, tailor the game some-
what to match her view to the degree with which you are
comfortable, even if it isn't what you originally intended to
convey with that omen or piece of mystic imagery. Of course,
this should stop immediately if the Theurge player's interpre-
tations and prophecies become a metagamey attempt to
benefit the character — but most munchkins aren't inter-
ested in mythic imagery anyway, so it's a minor risk.

Know when to keep something off-screen for greater
impact. A player might balk at being told that "Vanessa
Wyrm-Warder enters the heart of the Flux-Realm Nexus, and
her mind opens itself to all creation. Several hours pass before
she returns to her packmates, fulfilled but unable to properly
articulate any part of the wondrous thing she has just experi-
enced," but what description could the Storyteller give for
such a thing that is neither cliched nor inadequate? By
keeping the mystical experience an unknown, the Storyteller
keeps it interesting to both Vanessa's player and the rest of her
pack, when otherwise it might just be trite.

There isacertain internal consistency to visions, dream
imagery and similar facets of mysticism. It's not what we
normally call logical, but it's still consistent and by keeping

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries 55

Ne

i \


Serene eraser orem eaves som are anna remsumorrenam arene

that element of fairy-tale logic strong, you give players the
ability to interact meaningfully with the high weirdness that
a very metaphor-laden game can offer. Some of the most
common of these "laws of mysticism" are as follows:

¢ Like Affects Like — Contagion is more than just a
principle magicians (and Theurges) use in rituals; it is an
underlying theme in a large amount of mythology. The
heavens, or the Umbra, parallel the Earth, and when one is
changed, the other is affected as well. Indeed, many spirit
quests are undertaken for the express purpose of healing in
the Umbra something that is inaccessible in the real world.
Emotional and spiritual qualities that in the real world are
hidden behind walls of repression, disbelief or formality may
be represented metaphorically in the Umbra — by healing
or cleansing the metaphor, the Theurge and her allies can
often aid the afflicted people in the real world.

© Life Is A Story — Myths are obviously stories, so the
real spirit quests and epic journeys that inspire them also
have dramatic elements to them. In a world where destiny
and fate are real forces, events must play through their
natural literary cycle in order to reach their conclusion. Like
a story, a mythic journey has a beginning, middle and
conclusion, periods of rising tension, evocative camaraderie
and aching despair. Unlike normal life in the World of
Darkness, which can often be arbitrary (or "postmodern," in
literary terms) things in the Umbra and in visions always
happen for a reason, and flow from beginning to natural
conclusion. Of course, this certainly doesn't mean that
there's always a happy ending....

® Intuitive, not Rational — Mysticism is not rational,
but it is certainly sensible, given a certain mindset. Since a
hammer striking rocks makes a sound similar to thunder, it's
perfectly logical that a spirit of Thunder has great experi-
ence as a stonemason, or carries a large hammer. The
umbilical cord once connected mother to daughter, so of
course it could be used later, if kept, to allow a mother to
again find her lost (adult) daughter. To modern thought,
there are lots of reasons why these things aren't believable,
but that's not the point: if you limit yourself to thinking in
a pre-scientific method manner and go over the connec-
tions with common sense and "hearth wisdom" instead of
reason, they all seem crystal clear. That's the right mindset
for storytelling the mystical world.

¢ Things Are Simpler — In real life, people are complex
things, with dozens of conflicting motivations, different sins
and virtues and nuanced life stories that rarely follow a clear
theme or pattern. Spirits are simpler than that — they're
iconic, and they ultimately represent a very limited facet of
the human experience. Garou, being half-spirit themselves,
fall somewhere in between: they can have the complexity of
mundane humanity in their daily lives, but they also have a
purer, simpler nature at their core, an iconic representation
shaped in some part by their tribe, auspice, Nature and their
most over-riding goal in life, that comes to the fore when they
become involved in epic mysticism or spirit quests. Remem-
ber that, and draw your characters — protagonist or otherwise

5

_————

a 7

— with slightly broader, more iconic strokes in the mystical
world; leave the complexities and shades of gray to the more
mundane stories.

© The Scales Must Balance — Apply science's edict of
"every action has an equal an opposite reaction" to the realms
of emotion, obligation, morality and metaphysics, and you
have this law. Indeed, this describes the overall plot of
Werewolf — the Wyrm and Weaver are out of balance, and
until that balance is restored people will suffer. Every choice
has consequences, though who will bear them is not always
just in the modern sense — consider the First Theurge's story
here. Sacrifice is often necessary to achieve a goal — to gain
a powerful good, one must also suffer great harm. In the
physical world, evil is often very rewarding; in the domain of
the spirits, however, karma is a very real force, though it's
backlash may seem harsh and baroque to those affected.

¢ Everything is Personal — The protagonists of a spirit
quest are never generic to the quest; what they face will be
shaped by their own nature. Two Theurges, sent out into the
Umbra on the exact same mission to find exactly identical
versions of the same fetish, will tend to have completely
different stories to tell when they get back — a mystical
journey is based not only on the goal sought, but on the
psyche, sins, virtues and passions of the seeker. This applies
equally to spirit dealings where the Theurge never leaves the
Gaia Realm — it's still a spirit quest, albeit of a more
metaphorical kind. This means that through dealing with
spirits, a Theurge will inevitably be brought face to face with
the skeletons in her own closet. As a Storyteller, design
encounters with spirits for a Theurge based not only on the
situation, goal and area, but based on what sorts of spirits,
and what demands of chiminage, resonate the most strongly
with the Theurge's character concept.

Naw Theurge Cif

¢ Airt Perception (Level One) — Using this Gift, a
Theurge can roughly identify a spirit by its airt — the trail
left in the wake of a spirit's passing. This works essentially
like tracking in the corporeal world, and is no more informa-
tive — a hunter can tell deer tracks from bison tracks, but
can't learn anything meaningful about an unknown crea-
ture. Also, powerful and subtle spirits are often able to
disguise their airts. Any ancestor-spirit renowned as a great
hunter can teach this Gift.

System: Treat this exactly as a Garou identifying and
tracking animals (by scent or by looking for tracks, at the
Theurge's discretion), but apply it to spirits instead. Note
that Garou may not be able to go everywhere spirits do to
follow the trail — remember, spirits can fly.

© Sense Chiminage (Level One) — Theurges have
ways of knowing all manner of secret things other Garou
would wish stayed hidden; with this Gift, they can learn
where the balance of chiminage lies with any spiritually
aware being with a glance. The Gift reveals if the target has
paid all proper obligations to the spirits, if he has ignored a

Book of Auspices

a


Bying Rituals

If a Storyteller doesn't want the most powerful
rituals known to Garou society in the hands of her
newly fledged Garou pack, she's perfectly within her
rights to limit players to rituals of Level Three or below
when creating Cliath characters. Possession of a very
rare or powerful rite should be something that players
negotiate with their Storyteller, not assume is an inher-
ent right. Conversely, a Theurge player may want to be
a more diverse kind of ritualist then a mere five levels
of rites will allow her to be in game. If the Storyteller is
inclined to let a player begin as a skilled ritualist, she
might allow a Theurge to buy more than five points
worth of rites using freebie points. Many Theurge
players will want to begin play with the basic Theurge
"ritual kit" (Rites of Summoning, Spirit Awakening
and Binding). This takes all five possible points in the
Rites Background; letting a player buy a few extra tribal
or social rites on top of that is not going to throw the
game out of balance, especially since freebie points
could otherwise be used to raise Rage, Gnosis or Will-
power. This optional rule might be especially worthy of
consideration in a game where there won't be much
opportunity to interact with Garou elders, or where
taking the long stretches of downtime needed to learn
rites wouldn't be practical.

debt or engaged in blasphemy against his totem or other
spiritual patrons. An owl-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: A Perception + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 7)
reveals the target's state of debt in the spirit worlds; with
three or more successes, the Theurge may learn the name of
the one spirit the target most recently egregiously wronged,
if such a being exists.

© Spirit Knife (Level Two) — Using this Gift, a
Theurge can imbue a knife — or any other weapon she
hand-crafted herself — with the power to strike across the
Gauntlet, affecting enemies on the other side. This Gift
conveys no ability to see across the Gauntlet beyond what
the Garou normally possesses, however. A Wasp-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou spends one Gnosis point, and any
single weapon she crafted entirely herself is able to strike
creatures on either side of the Gauntlet in any area where
the Gauntlet is equal to or lower than her Gnosis. This effect
lasts for the duration of the scene.

© The Spirits' Displeasure (Level Two) — Theurges
use this Gift as a form of mystical warning against those who
have offended the spirits. It causes the victim to suffer ill
luck, and to witness an omen from his own culture indicat-
ing foreboding or cosmological displeasure. Note that many
modern people may not recognize an omen as an omen, but
they will still find it unsettling by it's very nature. A
Stormcrow teaches this Gift.

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries

———E—EEE

Seer ase es emrweseren reece Nn ee

System: The Theurge spends a point of Gnosis, burns
an effigy of the victim and rolls her Manipulation + Occult
(difficulty 7); the intended target does not need to be
present. Sometime in the same story the Gift is used, the
target will botch an important (but not life-threatening)
roll automatically, or suffer botch-like effects at one time in
his everyday life.

© Evocation of Ceremony (Level Three) — Rituals are
not used only to evoke supernatural effects; they also have an
inherent value to Theurges in and of themselves. Using this
Gift, the Garou evokes a sense of awe, reverence and holy
mystery through ritualistic behavior — anything from a
Garou rite to a Catholic sacrament. Along with any normal
mystical effect, the ceremony produces a sense of reaffirma-
tion and cosmological belonging in everybody who partici-
pates. While Theurges usually use this effect to strengthen
sincere spiritual devotions or build community among Garou,
it's just as easily abused to keep participants in a rite in
ignorant, dogmatic fear of the supernatural world — the
Theurge's intent, not the nature of the Gift, determines
which is the case. An enigmatic spirit teaches this Gift.

System: Any being can attempt to inspire, unify or cow
an audience through ritualism with a Charisma + Rituals,
Occult, Performance or Subterfuge roll as appropriate to the
exact situation. Possession of this Gift increases the Cha-
tisma of the Theurge by four dots, only for the purposes of
such attempts (to a maximum of nine).

© Castigate (Level Three) — The Theurge calls upon
the spirits to revoke their favor from another Garou; she
must verbally state the target's offenses against the spirit
worlds, and the target must be present; if successful, the
target loses both Renown and spiritual Gifts. A hyena-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Intimidation against a difficulty equal to the
target's [Gnosis + 3]. Each success causes the target to lose
one point of temporary Renown for good. In addition, the
target loses access to one Gift of the Theurge player's choice
for the remainder of the story, of a maximum level equal to
the successes rolled.

¢ Placation (Level Four) — Shamans from many
diverse cultures are said to know secrets for placating angry
ghosts and ancestors — this Gift is one of them. A Theurge
with this Gift always knows exactly what kind of sacrifice is
necessary to make atonement for an offence against the
spirit world, and is skilled in the secret methods of offering
it. A spirit from the realm of Erebus teaches this Gift.

System: With a Perception + Occult roll (difficulty 7),
the Theurge learns what she must offer to placate an
offended spirit. Usually, as long as both offender and Theurge
are sincere, a few points of Gnosis spent is sufficient to
restore harmony; if the offender is dead or absent, or the
offense is truly great, the spirit courts may require the
Theurge take on a geas as chiminage, offer a fetish or
undertake a quest. In legendary cases, Theurges have even

7

i

|

S  eeenren-eeerarncn sere ounce eaves san ary ann san remsmaorrensmerensvh

been known to surrender their lives to restore the Garou
Nation's ties to a wronged Incarna to totem spirit.

¢ Prophecy (Level Four) — This Gift offers the
Theurge true insight into the future. Such visions are
sporadic and sometimes enigmatic, but unless a specific
effort is made to change what is ahead, they are always
accurate. An owl-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: This Gift isas much astory element asa power;
the player should check with his Storyteller before buying it
for a character. Regardless of whether it is possessed by a
player character or not, visions come only at the Storyteller's
whim and contain whatever information he desires. The
Storyteller should obviously avoid depicting player charac-
ters' futures in such visions, to avoid turning them into a set
piece.

© Healing the Soul (Level Five) — Through a week-
long ordeal of fasting, trance states and spirit communion,
the Theurge is able to set the elements of the Triat into
perfect balance within one individual's soul. Obviously, the
subject to be healed must be willing, and the two individuals
must remain in solitude (save for contact with spirits) for the
duration. This Gift can cure insanity, ease emotional wounds,
heal the effects of trauma and remove desensitization. If the
spiritual injury was caused by ill conduct on the subject's
part, however, this Gift can only benefit them once: even
the greatest empath has little sympathy for those who
willingly slide back into self-degradation after being helped
out the first time. An avatar of Unicorn teaches this Gift.

System: The effects are largely character and story-
based. This Gift alone cannot cure full-blown Harano, but
it can certainly ameliorate the causes, preventing it before
it takes hold completely.

If the Storyteller has already embraced the complica-
tions of mechanical crossover in her Werewolf chronicle,
she may elect to allow this Gift to restore one or two levels
of Humanity, or subtract one or two levels of permanent
Angst, once in a given vampire or wraith's life. Of course,
very few Garou elders would ever consider wasting Gaia's
blessings on a Leech, even a penitent one.

© Poisoned Legacy (Level Five) — This most terrible
Gift allows the Theurge to lay a great and malicious curse
upon a victim of her choice. Such a stigma is irreversible,
and will remain with the victim for all her life. The victim
must be present, and the Theurge must verbally state her
malediction. A spirit of hatred, or an animal spirit of a highly
venomous animal, teaches this Gift.

System: The Theurge spends a point of Gnosis and a
point of Willpower, then rolls Manipulation + Occult
against a difficulty of the target's Willpower as she pro-
nounces the curse. With one to five successes, the Theurge
can inflict the Cursed Flaw on her target at a level equal to
the successes rolled; the Storyteller chooses an appropri-
ately poetic manifestation. With six or more successes, the
Theurge can instead choose to inflict the Dark Fate Flaw.

5

——_—_

a 7 7

© Invoked Presence (Level Six) — By using this
awesome Gift, the Theurge can call upon an Incarna or
Celestine directly, bringing their focus to bear on the area
around him. This does not summon an Avatar; rather, the
presence is a mystical permeation of the principle the
invoked spirit represents. The Theurge will later need to
repay the debt owed to the spirit he invoked before he can
use this Gift again; this typically entails a strong geasa, an
extended spirit quest or the sacrifice of a valuable fetish.
Any Celestine's avatar can teach this Gift.

System: The Theurge spends five points of Gnosis and
the presence of a Celestine or Incarna is made manifest
within a 180 yard radius globe around her for several hours.
Essentially, this Gift is like a sustained, area-effect form of
Totem Gift, and the effects are thus highly variable depen-
dant upon which greater power the Garou chooses to
invoke. The following three effects are constant:

¢ Any actions that directly support the principle of the
invoked spirit have a number of dice equal to the Theurge's
Gnosis added to their dice pool. In the case of combat, only
one type of combat roll (attack, damage, dodge, initiative,
etc.) will be so enhanced.

¢ Attempting to take any action directly antithetical to
the invoked spirit requires three successes on a Willpower
roll (difficulty 8), and even then, the action will be rolled at
+2 difficulty.

© The spirit will send members of its Brood equivalent
in power to a full pack of Rank One Garou to the site to aid
the Theurge and his allies immediately.

Beyond this, the effects are dependant on the power the
Theurge chose to invoke; Unicorn may simply make any act
of violence impossible in the area; a Harvest Incarna may
cause all the plants in the area to grow to rich and healthy
maturity in minutes, while invoking the Weaver might
make the Gauntlet utterly impenetrable.

New Background

Sprit Nefwork

The falcon-spirit wheeled three times over Marya's head
before settling on her shoulder and rubbing its head against her
cheek. It chirped softly into her ear, like a chick with its mother.

"Very good, my daughter," Marya crooned. "Very helpful.
Now go and tell the others."

This Background is something of a spiritual equivalent
of Contacts. A Theurge possessing the Spirit Network
Background has cultivated good relations with the minor
wisp-spirits and Gafflings in a given area, and is thus able to
gain information about what transpires therein — even if
the events she wants to learn about were unobserved in the
real world, they were likely witnessed by some spirit or
another. This Background is one of the reasons that Theurges
are often privy to information they have no mundane way of
knowing.

Book of Auspices

—


To see if a Theurge can turn up information about a
specific event from spirits, she must first spend several hours
in the Umbra talking with different spirits (via the Gift,
Spirit Speech). Then, roll her Spirit Network rating against
a difficulty of the Gauntlet where the event occurred. This
may only be attempted once for any given event. One
success gives a vague description, while three or more mean
that the Theurge will get a fairly complete rundown. Re-
gardless of successes, however, the description will still be
given from the perspective of spirits, which may miss out on
important details that have no strong spiritual resonance
(like detailed financial or political information).

A Theurge can also receive however much random
gossip and minor secrets the Storyteller wishes by means of

Sree ranrr ns amecsare reais ee

this Background, simply through daily communication with
spirits. Of course, this is a wonderful way to introduce a new
plot hook or adventure.

° You have a few spirits on the lookout for interest-
ing information.
ee Several spirits are willing to share what they have

seen with you.
eee You have unseen eyes in countless different loca-
tions at any time.
Spirits far and wide seek out information and
report strange happenings to you.

eeeee Unless the Gauntlet is extremely high, very little
escapes the notice of your watcher-spirits.

Chapter Two: Keepers of the Holy Mysteries 59

Ne

i \

|


Pain comes from the darkness, and we call it wisdom.

— Randall Jarrell

O judgment! Thou art fled to brutish beasts.
— Shakespeare, Julius Caesar

Jéalet

I could've taken the quicker road andebegged our
Gatekeeper for access to the caern, but,for some reason, I
needed to drive tonight, to see the ribbon of road stretch off
into the distance. It was pretty country; I could tell that by
the half moonlight. Fog-etched mountains, the shadow of
deciduous forests and the distant tinkle of a stream kept me
company. The road itself would've been hell on anyone
with a weak stomach, what with all the turns and twists.
Myself, I rather liked it.

My companion seemed to recognize my need for
silence. Meredith Aubrey, or Heart of the Sky as she now
was known, was pretty new to all this, just having returned
from her Rite of Passage about amoon earlier. I sensed her
unease about this odd expedition. Well, we'd see what was
up. Maybe we could help, maybe not.

Good thing the young Moon Dancer who gave me a
call provided explicit directions. Damn, even the best
tracker could get lost in these parts. Even though I felt the
presence of a caern nearby, I doubt I'd have found it if not
for the heads up.

Chapter Three: Law and Order

oo

I preferred not to think about the reception we'd get.
The Child of Gaia took a big chance dragging in an outsider,
yeputation or not, and technically, my sidekick hadn't been
invited. A bunch of Uktena and Shadow Lords, just what
I wanted. And a few Fianna thrown in for good measure.
I'd thought long and hard about whether or not to actually
show up, but then I remembered the charge my mentor laid
on me after my Rite of Passage: Find the balance of truth,
though it has three edges, no matter what the price.

Tonight, someone was gonna pay dearly.

Ongtut avd Legewdt

I parked the truck way outside the bawn and prepared
to howl my greeting, motioning for Meredith to do the same.
You'd think I'd have it perfected by now, but to be honest,
I'malways alittle nervous; first impressions count for alot.
Titook a deep breath and began.

"Greetings to the Sept of the Glass Hand! I am called
Elaine Edwards by the humans, Balance of Truth among
Gaia's warriors, Athro, judge and Philodox, mother and

61
i

Seer eran rere cen neve coe rv re rena rensenerensoh

daughter of the Black Furies. I ask to be received as I have
been invited, with open heart and open mind."

"Also receive my greetings. I am Meredith Aubrey,
Heart of the Sky, newly called to Gaia's throng, Half-
Moon Cliath of the Black Furies." Not bad, I thought.

We waited. Presently, a howl sounded in return, a
beautiful voice made even more stirring by the mix of moon
and fog that surrounded the clearing.

"Welcome to Elaine, Balance of Truth, and Meredith,
Heart of the Sky. Iam called Song of Peace, Child of Gaia,
Moon Dancer and Fostern of the Bloody Tusk pack of the
Sept of the Glass Hand."

A female wolf trotted out from the darkness, graceful
and lithe, with golden brown fur. As she approached, I noted
that one eye was dark and the other light, reflecting no shine
of the moon. Yet she had no scar. A metis, then, half-blind,
I reasoned. This deal got worse all the time. If her sept-mates
didn't trust her, they probably wouldn't like us, either.
Great. But we were guests, so I shrugged aside my concem.

"Thank you for your welcome, Song of Peace." I
acknowledged her lowered head and downcast eyes with a
nod of my own. The metis cocked a head at my companion,
who politely downcast her glance in respect. "Have the
packs of your sept assembled?"

The wolf s form blurred until a slender young woman
stood before us, clad in a plain denim skirt and t-shirt, short
dark hair hanging slightly in her face. "Not exactly. I
thought we might talk a bit first. You can call me Joan, by
the way. I've got a small cabin near the edge of the bawn."

We trekked over the uneven ground to the one-room
cabin. Inside, the furnishings were simple: a couple of wooden
chairs, a bedstead with a patchwork quilt, a table and an
icebox. Thick cotton rugs covered the floor. Meredith and I sat
and waited as Joan poured tea from the waiting pot on the fire.

"You got here earlier than I expected," she said, and I
detected a note of unease in her voice.

"Well, the matter seemed important enough," I re-
plied. "You said your pack leader was facing unjust punish-
ment and that the sept elders had agreed to hear a neutral
opinion from an outside judge."

Joan looked at me and shrugged. "I didn't exactly
explain the whole situation. Now, before you claw openmy
innards, please listen a moment."

"You'd better make it good," I snarled. "If you've
pulled me away from my own sept on a whim, you'll have
more to contend with than a few new scars." I felt Meredith
tense at my side, but she made no further move.

Her chin lifted. "Fair enough. Here's the situation...
the whole situation. My pack leader, Gerhard Turner, is a
Shadow Lord. He's been accused of killing another
packmate, a Black Fury and Philodox, like you. Our sept
leader doesn't like Gerhard, and I think he's taking some

shaky evidence at face value to get rid of Gerhard so his own
position isn't threatened."

Sounds awful political to me. Is the sept leader a
Shadow Lord?"

Joan shook her head. "An Uktena, and one well
known. This caern used to be tended by them, but they
abandoned it for some reason, and the Lords took it over.
Then, when they got wiped out in a Black Spiral attack
some months ago, the Uktena came back. Gerhard was one
of the few survivors of the Shadow Lords' sept. Calvin
Hicks, that's our sept leader, grudgingly let him stay.
We've built back our strength, and now there' s three packs
altogether. The Moor Hunters are three, Fianna and Get
of Fenris. The Low Valley Pack are the Uktena. And
finally, there's us, the Bloody Tusks. Gerhard and me.
Steven's a Fianna Ahroun. Denise is another Child of
Gaia, a Crescent Moon. Nancy's the one that died,
supposedly at Gerhard's hand."

"So to boil it down to brass tacks," I interjected,
"Calvin wants Gerhard out, even if means some sneaky
tactics. Lovely. Sounds like this whole bunch are way too
interested in their own glory rather than that of the sept."

"That's about it." Joan shrugged. "I figured you'd
want to talk to everyone, look at the evidence. But no one
knows you're here. Yet."

A long hiss, which may have started as a sigh, escaped
my lips. "Listen, young Galliard. Do you know much about
the history of the Half-Moons? What they do? Why they
are?" She shook her head. "Well, pour us some more tea. I
need to get my brain back onto the business at hand, and I'm
going to focus on my moon to do it. One of my most cherished
duties is teaching other Furies to tread the path of the
Philodox, and I'm not going to let your request interrupt my
student's education — it's going to add to it. In the future,
maybe you'll know better than to invite a Half-Moon on a
whim, and my learner here will become a better judge of when
to speak and when to be silent." What I didn't say was talking
sure was better than letting my temper flare up and onto this
innocent goody-two-shoes. That would be a pretty poor
example to set for Heart of the Sky, wouldn't it?

alias of the Whole

You'll forgive me if I'm not as flowery at this tale
telling as you. I'm more used to listening than telling,
if you get my drift.

Each tribe has a different story about how the Garou
came to be Gaia's warriors, spirits clad in flesh. I won't
bore you with the generalities. What's sometimes left
out of those sagas, though, is how Gaia decided to split
the duties of her warriors. It's true, of course, we're all
good scrappers. But Gaia was wise enough to realize that
not all the work of a good soldier is done on the
battlefield. Some of it is behind the scenes, and that's
where the Half-Moons have a great place.

62 Book of Auspices

i,

ee

|


Allright, back to the past. For good or ill, it's been
the Half-Moons who've guided the werewolves' path.
Some Ahroun would argue that point, but think about
it, and you know I'm telling the truth. Who helped
bring about the end of the War of Rage? A Child of
Gaia Philodox. Which auspice directed the creation of
the Concordiat? Damn if it wasn't the Half-Moons.
And who arrived just in recent years to kick Jonas
Albrecht's butt into high gear so he could claim the
Silver Crown? Well, I'll be damned, it was that wise
young fellow, Evan Heals-the-Past. A Philodox, if you
can imagine that.

Fame and lofarny

I should probably note a few of the more famous
Half-Moons you ought to know. Maybe you could
even remember them in your stories or songs, but I'll let
you be the judge of that.

Among your tribe, of course, there's the notorious
Cries Havoc. I'm not sure how he manages to preserve
the Veil with those large horns of his, but I have to give
the guy some credit. He's got guts trying to get the
tribes and packs to work together. We also give a
special place to the Child of Gaia called Lore-Speaker
Gron, whose wise words helped end the Impergium, as
I mentioned before.

Ido know quite a few legendary Half-Moons from
my own tribe, of course. My teacher and mentor,
Daphne Theophiledes, is an elder known for leading
the Sept of Ariadne's Web, near Washington D.C.
Another great Fury Philodox was Kendra Stevenson,
who helped found one of the first schools for women in
the American West. The sad thing about her is that
her end fate is unknown; she disappeared in the San
Francisco area during the turn of the century.

Strangely enough, I can't recall any Bone Gnawer
or Fianna Philodox who've become well known. Of the
latter, itseems, only the warriors and songkeepers of that
tribe get major credit. Pity, as I think they could do with
some balance in their lives. The same is true of the Red
Talons; for good or ill, they have little to do with our
tribe, except for the small number of lupus among us.

Furies and Get may not get along too well, but I
give credit where it's due. Karin Jarlsdottir has shown
herself to be a capable leader, one that at least gives a
pretense of thought before action. Maybe there's hope
for some reconciliation between our tribes, if she's
representative of what the Get of Fenris are becoming.
I know a good deal less about Thunder's Teeth, an
ancient Get lupus that lives in Finland and serves as
one of the unofficial leaders of the entire tribe. Few
from this side of the pond have ever seen him, though
his reputation is that of a warrior and hunter of legend.

Se nen sr amecere reese Nn eee

While the Glass Walkers keep to themselves more
than ever, which I think is stupid, I've nonetheless
heard of a Philodox among them called Elizabeth
Genereader. If the Walkers had a leader, I think she'd
be it. Rumors have filtered out from Europe that she's
quite the mover and shaker.

Speaking of Shadow Lords, Anatoly Maseryk is
leader of the Thunderstrike Sept in the Ural Moun-
tains. Word has it that he'sa better conciliator than his
predecessor. Wonder if this guy is going to work with
Konietzko or against him? And as far as Konietzko
goes, if you haven't heard of him yet, you will soon.
Apparently, he's the leader of some sort of huge Euro-
pean coalition, even though he's not a Philodox.

You may know more about this than I do, but the
Silent Striders tell of one of their Half-Moons who may
or may not have a dark fate ahead. This Philodox is an
Australian metis called Grek Twice-Tongue. Rumor
has it that he's going to somehow restore the Bunyip —
either by finding them or else helping the werewolves
absolve their guilt over that unfortunate mess.

The Stargazers, as you know, have officially left the
Garou Nation, but that doesn't mean they all packed up
and headed back to the east. One of the more renowned
(and definitely perplexing) members of the tribe is a
Philodox named Antonine Teardrop. He stayed behind
for his own reasons, possibly trying to make some
massive effort at uniting the werewolves under one
banner of allegiance. I say, good luck, because he sure
has some tough odds working against him.

I've already mentioned one of King Albrecht's
packmates, the Wendigo Evan Heals-the-Past. There's
another werewolf of note among the so-called Pure
Ones you might note, and that's the Uktena lupus
Philodox Lamurum, down in Australia. I think he
hung around with Grek fora time, but latest rumor has
it that Lamurum has made his way to the Americas. No
one really knows why.

Isaved the best for last. Though it seems odd to me,
many of the great Silver Fang leaders have been
Theurges or Ahroun. One exception was the late
Collette Delacourt, a Fang from down New Orleans
way. She's one of the great "what ifs" among us Half-
Moons. All indications were that she was headed for a
lifetime of wisdom, for even in her youth, she worked
with many tribes, even the outcast Bone Gnawers.
When her dismembered body showed up in a tainted
swamp, all hell broke loose, with blame falling on the
Shadow Lords. The truth of her fate is still unknown.

Well, there's some fodder for your tales, young
Galliard, and a quick history lesson for you, Meredith.
Now, back to the heart of the matter: What it means
to be a Half-Moon.

Chapter Three: Law and Order

NG

—.


The Mature of the Ausphee

Over the centuries, as I've told you, we've gained
fame, or notoriety, as leaders in times of peace, advisors
in times of war and judges whenever and wherever
we're needed. I can't stress to you how inevitable and
right this is, how essential to our being. You, Galliard,
can't help the inborn love of song and pretty words. By
the same token, Meredith and I can't resist the need
and desire to bring things into balance and stability.
We as Half-Moons have an eye for order; it's just who
we are. Without rules and the implementation of
them, we'd degenerate into a bunch of mindless killers.
The Litany and our tribal customs, enforced by the
Half-Moons, keep us all in check.

So let's discuss duty for a moment. It's a Gaia-
given obligation for the Philodox to step in and take up
authority when she sees it's needed. Sometimes that
means working alongside the Ahroun as an advisor.
Other times, it's delegating duties as she deems fit. You
know we're also the judges and juries of the werewolves;
that's why I'm here talking to you today. You must also
realize that it's sometimes hard to see justice served.
Being a leader requires you to make difficult decisions.
I'm talking about gut-wrenching stuff, like sending a
pack on what's surely a suicide mission, because it's for
the good of the sept or the Garou as a whole. It's about
punishing those who violate the Litany, since those

laws were made to protect us and keep our honor
intact, even if you have sympathy for the law-breakers.
It's about going among a bunch of strangers and ferret-
ing out the truth, whatever the cost, because it's the
right thing to do.

Timidly, Meredith interrupted me. "What about the
distinctions among the Philodox? Is it true that those of the
waxing and waning moons take different perspectives on
duty? I haven't met enough to really know yet."

Well, if you ask me, the differences are pretty
subtle. Still, some among us say that those born in the
time of the waxing moon seem partial to being modera-
tors and arbitrators. Those birthed under the waning
moon may havea propensity for maintaining order and
balance. I think those distinctions are too cut and
dried, personally. Any Philodox worth spit is always
going to be concerned with stability, as well as a sense
of truth and justice.

Jit} Rofat

I stirred as footsteps approached the cabin. Joan rose and
answered the door. I wasn't surprised to see aman with black
hair and stern eyes standing there. I rose and nodded my
head. Meredith rounded her shoulders a bit, not quite
flinching, but clearly recognizing an elder when she saw one.

"You must be the leader of this sept, Calvin Hicks. I
am Elaine, Balance of Truth."

He tilted his chin down a hair. "Yes. I heard of your
coming from the wind. Half-Moon of the Black Furies, you
were not summoned by me. We can tend our affairs
without the help of outsiders." He didn't even give my
sidekick a glance.

He was pissed, resentful and insulted, not necessarily
in that order. Perhaps it was time to apply some balm to
relax his hackles.

"I'm sure that's true," I replied in a cool tone. "If I'm
not needed, Gaia knows I'll leave. But do me a courtesy,
and allow me to extend a hand of friendship. I meet few
Uktena where I live, and my young student and I are
talking about the roles Luna and Gaia have given us to your
Moon Dancer. Perhaps as a descendent of the Pure Ones,
you could tell us what you see as the important responsibili-
ties of the Half Moon."

He frowned, but after a moment, took the cup that
Joan held out to him, and sat down on the remaining empty
chair. He gave Heart of the Sky a quick look, but said
nothing directly to her.

As I lead this Sept of the Glass Hand, to me the
primary role of the Philodox is one of leadership and
setting an example. I speak of peace times, for in days
of war, I likewise believe that the warriors of the full
moon can best direct our path. This is an old custom
among my people, the Cherokee, to have two chiefs,
one for peace and one for war. Most of Gaia's children
see the wisdom of this as well.

Within the sept, the Half-Moon must be one who
knows everything. He should speak with the young
and the old alike, keeping an ear to the ground,
listening for shouts of victory as well as whispers of
sadness. He must know those who are his equals, his
betters and his subordinates, what stirs their blood and
stimulates their minds; how else can he make the best
decisions for the packs? Also, the Philodox who leads
the sept cannot ask anyone else to do what he would
not. So, he must lead by example; it's a poor chief who
will not do the tasks he commands others to do, even
if they are mean and brutal.

In deciding who will lead the sept, I believe in
competition, not just of fighting with claw and tooth,
but also with cunning and shrewdness. Maybe the Get
of Fenris have to solve all their challenges with blood,
but not the Uktena. When a young one comes to me
wanting to be tested, I look to his heart and head, not
his fist. What strikes fear in him? What mettle can I
strike that cannot be seen? How will he respond to the
duties of higher rank, the risks, the dangers? I choose
the task that won't necessarily pit him against a foe, but
rather the enemy within himself.

The sept is the backbone of our society; the packs
are the hands, feet and eyes. When | agreed to lead this

Chapter Three: Law and Order

Se

Sena rr en amecere reese Nn ee

sept, I knew that sometimes I would have to make
decisions I disliked because they were for the better-
ment of the sept as a whole rather than the good of one
pack or even one werewolf. If you snap a wolf's spine in
half, she dies. But you can put out one eye or take away
one hand, and she still lives. If | must make a decision
that will cause pain, I will always choose to hurt the
pack or the individual rather than the sept as a whole.

As far as the specific duties of a Half-Moon, I
imagine my people have similar ideas to your own. We
both know that in the structure of the sept, nearly any
auspice can hold any office. However, there are ten-
dencies to serve in certain roles. A Grand Elder who
speaks for the council of elders, the Gatekeeper who
meets with other tribes and the Truthcatcher who
mediates disputes are most often Half-Moons. The
latter two positions in particular are apt for one who is
a judge and arbitrator. In our sept, a Philodox may also
serve as Master of the Rite or Master of the Challenge.
Sometimes, a Galliard may have a stronger voice, but
the Philodox often has the clearer vision. In all cases,
though, the privilege of a sept office should go to the
werewolf who will do the best job.

Does that answer your question, Black Fury?

"Perfectly," I responded. "I would be a poor guest
indeed if I didn't honor the wisdom of your years and
experience." Inside, though, I figured he'd painted an awful
rosy picture of things. Something in my gut told me that all
wasn't as it seemed here. Time to dig a little.

lack Rofat

"T realize, Calvin, that I am in your territory, and I
respect those boundaries. However, we're here. And we are
both willing to help get to the bottom of things. Do you mind
if we stay and at least talk to some of the other sept members?
If we've given you cause for offense, we'll leave in the
morning. Butit's along trip. And my conscience bothers me,
to think that I'd be doubly failing in the charge of my mentor,
Daphne Theophiledes, called Silverweft, that I seek to serve
Gaia' s love of the truth wherever I go and serve as a guide to
the young Philodox among us." I looked at Meredith.

The Uktena bristled alittle atmy namedropping. Good.
Daphne herself would' ve applauded; she'd have smelled the
same stench of wrongness here that I did. "The Rite of Silver
Death comes in three days, when the gibbous moon swells.
You have until then to ask your questions, and then you must
leave. What follows is the business of the sept and not for
strangers." With that, he rose and walked out the door.

Three days. Damn. It'd have to be time enough. And
the Rite of the Silver Death was particularly nasty, involv-
ing among other things a curse of weakness and virtual
evisceration. Not pretty.

5

i

[A AT TT A EIT TET

Seer eve renee cre ere ce arr cS a re mr renner

Joan had remained quiet through our conversation.
"He doesn't like you much, but he respects you," she
murmured. "So, do you want to talk to the others now?"

I rose and stretched. "Yeah. So much for sleep. Take us
to the rest of your pack." Meredith nodded her agreement.

We hiked about a mile into the denser woods. The
smell — it gave me something I'd forgotten. Nothing like
dew-damp ferns and the wash of water over mossy rock to
renew ‘your senses.

In an open grove stood a small cabin, even tinier than
Joan's. Two shapes stood out front, one on four legs, the
other on two. They tensed as we approached, but must' ve
recognized the Moon Dancer's scent.

"Nightsong, Finella. This is Elaine, the Half-Moon I
asked to come, and her pupil, Meredith. Black Furies, these
are members of the Moor Hunters."

The wolf came to me, and I knelt to greet her as an
equal, admiring her great beauty—sleek, dark fur and
tawny eyes. I was pleased to note her welcome to Meredith,
polite and warm, as a grandmother greets a cherished
granddaughter. The young warrior Finella lowered her
spear and gave us both a nod.

"We're guarding the prisoner," she said, matter-of-
factly. "Not a happy duty, but a necessary one."

"We'd like to see him." I met her gaze, and with a
shrug, she opened the door.

As we stepped inside, I felt a chill seep into my bones.
This place was entropy, nothingness. It had been sliced off
from the spirit world with a fell stroke. I gritted my teeth and
looked down at the man sitting against the far wall, his dark
eyes glittering in the pale silver light filtering through the
door's cracks.

Daphne told me initial impressions reflect much. The first
one I felt was misery. I flinched at the despair coming from the
Shadow Lord. As a rule, like most Furies, I didn't trust them.
But this guy's anguish seemed pretty damn genuine. I heardan
audible gasp from Meredith; she must have felt it, too.

"Boy, it must be bad if old Stoneface let some outsider
in." The prisoner's tone held a slight edge of arrogance, or
maybe gallows humor. But he scrambled to his feet after a
moment passed.

"You've got a sharp tongue for a killer," I snapped. "I
wouldn't go shooting off at the mouth if I were about to be
cut from crotch to crown."

He shrugged. "I know who you are, Elaine Balance of
Truth. You' ve got quite a rep even among the Half-Moons of
my tribe. Welcome, for whatit's worth, to-your and your fellow
Black Fury. And as for my sharp tongue, it's all I've got left."

"Good thing you' reno Galliard, then," Ireplied. Dammit,
I didn't want to feel sorry for this guy or even like him. But I
did. Something about his youth appealed to me. And I don't
know what it was —a sign from Pegasus or maybe just pure,

ne Ae

stupid, unexplainable gut instinct — but I knew this guy hadn't
killed anyone in cold blood. Oh, no doubt he could do so. But
I didn't think he'd murdered his packmate.

"Sit down," I sighed, and plopped onto the ground
myself. Meredith leaned up against the doorway, watching
and waiting. "Let's just talk a minute. Tell me the whole
story. I make no promises to ‘you or anyone else except to
find the truth of what happened."

"That's fair," he answered. "Well, for starters, I'm
Gerhard Turner, a Philodox like yourself. A Shadow Lord,
but don't hold it against me too much." He flashed a quick
grin. "I'm sure you'll be utterly impartial. Anyway, I guess
things started going bad when we invited the Uktena."

"What do you mean, invited the Uktena?" I asked.

"As I understand it from my cousin, who used to be
part of this sept, a long time ago, the Uktena lived here and
claimed it as their own. No one knows how or why, but they
abandoned the caern." I flinched, but he continued without
noticing. "So the Shadow Lords took over. They lived here
and protected the caern until just a couple of years ago. A
whole hive of Black Spirals swarmed in and killed nearly all
the Kinfolk and sept members. In fact, the only people left
were me and another pack member, Denise, a Child of
Gaia, because we had the stupid luck to be meeting with
some other werewolves at a sept due east of here. When we
got home, everything was a mess. Well, hell, we were
barely past our Rite of Passage and had no idea what to do.
A couple of Kinfolk had survived, barely, and one of them
knew about the Uktena north of here. Eventually, we
invited them to come here and help us guard the caem. I
mean, two of us simply couldn't handle the job."

I nodded gently. "Go on."

"Time passed, and others came to join us. Nancy,
Denise, Joan and I formed a pack, and later on, Steven
came in. Odd as it may seem, we worked pretty well
together. Nancy and I both sort of took charge, making
plans and directing things. We were all about the same age
and rank, and we led the assault against the Spirals who'd
killed my Kin. Although the Uktena held most of the major
positions in the caern leadership, we were getting a rep of
our own. And Nancy and I wanted to have asay in things."

Gerhard paused a moment and looked me in the eye.
"T'd be lying if I said I didn't want to head the sept and our
pack. Part of my idea of what makes a good Philodox is that
they lead, particularly by example. And Nancy was a tough
opponent. If we'd had to compete for it, I don't know that
I'd have won. But I would have followed her and trusted
her, if she'd beaten me. That's another job of the Philodox
as I see it — to be the first and best at serving whoever's in
charge. I would have supported her because to do so would
be to perform at my best for the pack. If I couldn't be in
charge, at least I could advise and offer my counsel."

66 Book of Auspices

 _——,

ee

|


I thought on that a moment. "Speaking of that, what
about the rest of your pack?"

"Joan's a good kid, but she kind of has her head in the
clouds, daydreaming and making up songs. Denise spends
most of her days inside the bawn or the Umbra. And Steven
is a good fighter, but he's what I'd call a stereotypical
Fianna — no discipline at all. It was either Nancy or me."

"Yourealize that with Nancy gone, you'd have one less
opponent," I countered.

He stiffened, and I saw anger enter his dark eyes. "I did
not have to stoop to murder to defeat her," he snarled.
"Something shitty is going on here, and you haven't heard
the rest of the story. And you've obviously got a poor idea
of what it means to be a Philodox in a pack, as opposed to
running around judging people, if you think I'd kill her for
such a reason." My hackles rose, but I stomped on the
anger. Words now, blows later, if it came to that. I
motioned for him to continue.

"So, we'd been taking turns leading and planning
things. We held pack meetings fairly often, and set up a sort
of caper chart on who would pull guard duty and so on.
Nancy and I made the final decisions, but everyone had a
say. But after Nancy and I announced our intentions to
Calvin and the rest of the sept at the last moot, things got
pretty tense. The Uktena weren't happy at all, but of
course, they didn't say anything to us. Then, two days ago,
Joan found Nancy's body, butchered, just outside the
bawn. Her fetish, a Feather of Ma'at, she called it, was
missing. There was a search, and it showed up in my cabin,
of all places. I have no idea how it got there."

I mentally chewed on that a moment. "Sounds like
some sort of Silent Strider thing. Where'd she get it?"

"No idea," replied Gerhard. "But she traveled a lot
before settling down here, so who knows? Anyway. That's
all it took for Calvin to throw the book at me."

"Did he ask the spirits for aid? Didn't he find out if you
were lying or not?"

He laughed, short and bitter. "Sure he did. He asked
everyone in the whole damn sept if they knew anything
about Nancy's death. Everybody said no, and they appar-
ently all told the truth."

I shook my head. "I don't understand. Why blame you
on such flimsy evidence? That doesn't seem particularly
just or fair."

"For a judge, you're pretty innocent. Don't you get it? It
was enough for him to say that I was guilty, that finding the
fetish was sufficient, that somehow, I'dmanaged to conceal my
partin her murder. He said there were ways of covering up the
truth, and he was sure that'd be part of a Shadow Lord's
upbringing." Gerhard let his chin drop to his chest. "The
Uktena have their own reasons for not caring too much what

See ransr sameeren reas ee

happens to me. If I'm out of the picture, there's nobody to
challenge their claim to the caern or the leadership of the sept."

I paused and considered. "Then let me see for myself."
My eyes stung as I whispered softly, feeling the flow of
warmth from my own body outward to this fellow Half-
Moon, calling upon one of Gaia' s blessing to her Philodox.
"Gerhard, did you kill your packmate? Did you take her
fetish?"

"No," he answered, firmly and with conviction. And
I knew the truth of it. He was innocent. Or at least he
believed he was.

"Well, that's that," I said, after a moment had passed.
"T'm going to talk to your other pack members and then give
Calvin a piece of my mind."

I stormed out with no further explanations, Meredith
on my heels. Joan waited in the shadows, while Nightsong
and Finella talked quietly amongst themselves. Time to
sound out my thoughts.

"Moon Dancer, you and your packmates please join

us up at your cabin in an hour. I want to talk a bit with
Meredith before we speak to them."

Phat | Porspectivat

We made the trek back to Joan's cozy little retreat, and
I poured another cup of hot tea for us both. After a while,
I spoke.

"This may not have been the best way for you to learn
after all," I sighed. I was loath to admit it, but feared I'd
stepped out of my bounds, out of my league.

"Why in Gaia' s name would that be?" asked Meredith,
surprised. "I've learned quite a lot already. I mean, you
don't think the Shadow Lord is guilty, do you?"

I shrugged. "No... but there's something different
here. Oh sure, I've adjudicated lots of disagreements
among my Black Fury sisters, but this whole multi-tribal
thing is kind of new to me. I admit that there's strength in
diversity, but geez, this place sure as hell isn't the Garou
UN, and I'm no diplomat."

"Well, if it makes you feel better, let me tell you what
I've picked up on," she responded, with a hopeful look.
"For starters, this place is kind of amess. Instead of working
together to fight the Wyrm or the Weaver, this whole sept
has turned into a nest of leeches. Politicking. Vying for
power. It's not right, is it?"

She sounded so mournful, I had to chuckle. "It's a
clusterfuck, all right, but don't worry about it. Stereotypes
don' talways hold true, butin this case, the Uktena's secrets
and the Shadow Lord's reputations have sure been at
loggerheads."

Meredith gave me a long look, and then spoke again.
"Do tribes make a difference in how we do our job?"

I paused to consider that.

Chapter Three: Law and Order 67

ee

ri \

mr an eer a ar a re TT

Seer ree reece creme en nares arve ra ren mor rensenerenoh)

Shack Firphat

Among the Furies, we respect each auspice equally.
All have a place as,imaiden, mother and crone. You
may call it ego, but] think the Philodox stands at the
center of the Black Fury éulture, She interprets the
Litany, decides6n punishments and nietes out justice.
Some criticize us for being too attufied to the Weaver,
but as always, it's a mattefof balance. In my tribe, Half-
Moons share both facts and wisdom. They don't have
to be the same, but they do have to be true. The hardest
part of the job, at least from my perspective, is consid-
ering both the letter of the law and the spirit of the law.

Zone Cnawers

I kind of like the Gnawers' outlook on the mean-
ing of balance and the place of the Philodox. Perhaps
more than most tribes, their Half-Moons don't just
consider themselves judgés, but also ady6cates of both
sides of the Garou mature. Yep, I'm talking»about
human and wolf. Like we Furies, they're.oftemiactiv-
ists for mortals in heed of some justice and fairness.
They also takethe'ide of those who are downtrodden
and forgotten. Needless to say, we're often on the
same side when it comes to)serving thé, interests of
truth. Oh, and be careful if'yeu ever tfyto con
something out of a Bone Gnawer Philodox; they're
whizzes at wheeling and dealing.

6

_—_

pren of Cala

I remember asStephen King short story where a
well-intentioned peacemaker got a knife in the throat
for his troubles. And no offence to this tribe, but that's
what I fear may happen to many a Child of Gaia
Philodox. They take their roles as peacemakers quite
literally, ready to throwsdownstheir lives in order to
keep thing all harmonious and serene. l'admire their
courage, but'to bean effectiveiinitermediary, you've got
to stayaliveyStill, the Gaian Half-Moéns have much
renown as the best teachers among the Garou, and that
deserves a lot of respect.

Farna

Honestly, | don't have ahy personal bias against the
Fianna, really I don't. On'the other hand, I don't envy
their Half-Moons; they've got one hell of a job. First and
foremost, their task is keeping folks in line, no easy task
considering the strong passions afd lack of, um, self-
control among the tribe. And while I don't know why
the role fell to the Philodox, they're also responsible for
setting up matches between Fianna and Kin. | person-
ally find that old-fashioned, if not downright sexist, but
to each their ownéSémething to remember is that the
Half-Moons of this tribe usually have the strongest
resolve of any Fianna. Good to know when you have to
deal with one that's pissed at you.

Book of Auspices

—


Get of Feorkt

The Fenrir call their Half-Moons Forseti; I don't
know the exact meaningof thé word, but if you hear it,
at least you'll gewthe reference These guys are totally
by-the-book. They interpret the Litaityystrictly and
allow little leeway. No doubt you've heardyof their
harsh punishments for even small infractions, but hell,
at least they don't pretend to be anything other than'
hard-asses. You meet a Fenris Philodox, at least you
know what you're getting into; there aren't any shades —
of gray. One thing.that even | can admire, though, is
how carefullysthe Forseti recall the laws, mores and
customs of theirtribe. If we need to say something good
about them, and I suppose I should, then let it be that
they regard tradition andthe past with great reverence.

Gla Wrfkers

The Glass Walkers, perhaps not surprisingly, puta
different twist on the role of the Philodox. Here, the
Half-Moons are [cough] managerial types. Oh, I don't
necessarily mean they're the business executives, but
they might well bee Theyaccumulate money, counsel
those in need and even make sure the werewolves and
Kin get spiritual and physical healing. I guess you could
say they're whizzes at multi-tasking. In the remaining
hours of the day, they do more typical Philodox stuff,
such as interpreting lawiand judging disputes.

Red Talont

Remember what I said about the Gefhot under-
standing shades of gray? Well, quadruple that for the
Talons' Half-Moons. They see the entire wotld only in
dualities: Black and white, right and wrong, wolf and
human. The Talon Philodox‘will listén to both sides of
a story (never mind if there are'three or more), and
then make her decision. I can't blame them for being
so... two-dimensional; I mean, it's their quintessential
nature, isn't it? Still, it's just one more thing that makes
dealing withthe Talons exceptionally difficult.

Shadow Lordg

Here's a bit of advice: Never play a chess game
with a Shadow Lord, Half-Moon. These werewolves
are masters of planning and'evaluation. They set up
plots withitplots as easily as an actot blocking a
scene. The thing is, most of us don't feel their ma-
nipulating paw until, whatever' they've set" up has
come to fruition. To be. fair, sometifnes they've got
good.reason for all that subtle maneuverifig)"Still,
even a noble géaldoesn't make up for the fact that
they're_generally cunning and secrétivembike the
Silvéf Fangs, the key player of the Shadow Lords,
Konietzko, isn't a Philodox, but you can bet he has a
lot of Half-Moons lurking near his ear.

Chapter Three: Law and Order

CO na

Sree ranrr amecare reais ee

Sent Sktders

Considering that this tribe is scattered far and
wide, you shouldn't be surprised that they don't have
a typical sept structure. Strider Galliards may preserve
the language, songs and stories of the tribe, but the
Half-Moons too help form the nexus of the tribe's
commilinication system. Moteoyerslike,myself, many

\ofthem arelkndwnefor being goodsitinerant judges —

willingito lendian impattial éarto.those Who askfor it

~ whether werewolf or spirit. And whilelean't Say for

sure, imagine more than one Philodox among the
tribe is working on some sort of way to reclaim their
ancestral homeland, Egypt, especially now that the
coalition known as the Ahadi has seriously kicked
leech butt there. There's a Strider woman named
Bennu that we all may want to watch in the coming
days. Ifanyone can work with Walks-With-Might, the
leading Strider in the Ahadi, it's her.

Shur Frngt

Among the self-proclaimed leaders of the Garou
Nation, the Fangs@ivea specialiplace tothe Philodox.
It's erue that Albrecht may be an Ahroun, but he
surrounds himself with Half-Moons to give guidance
and temind him of the law. And there's a lot of legal
stuff to know! The Half-Moon Silver Fang must orate
not only Garou law, but tribal law as well extremely
complex stuffThe Silver Fang Philodox is also a
teacher and mentor among the tribe, and many can
recite history as well as any Moon Dancer. I cansee I've
shocked you. Well, there's also a downside to so much
responsibility, and that's the burden of being a leader
among leaders. The expectations are quite high, and
more than one,Half-Moon of the Silver Fangs has
cracked due to the intense mentahpressure.

Ufena

Most,Half*Moons of this tribé/are.great.mentors
and bridge-builders. As Uktena Kin come from many
places and backgrounds, it's important to have some-
one who can keep things connected. That's where the
Philodox comes in. The Uktena usually call them
"Lawgivers" or "Peacemakers" rather than judges. Many
times, as the sept leader mentioned, the Philodox is
chief in peace times, but gives over to an Ahroun in
days of war, still playing an important role as advisor.
Another, lessdiseussed task of the Half-Moon is keep-
ingsecrets. The Galliards may have the hidden lore all
stored away,-but it's the)Philodox who often decide
when knowledge should be shared and how.

Tn a tribe steeped so heavily in ancient tradition,
a majomrole of the-Half-Moon is preserving the old

69
nama

|

Speer eran rere cee erence arvana)

ways to pass down from generation to generation.
Like the Uktena, the Philodox is most often the
leader, except in war, but the Wendigo put a twist on
things. They don't assume anything about a Half-
Moon until she proves herself worthy. So, the right of
leadership isn't inborn; rather, it's earned. One thing
you gotta respect about the Wendigo is this: They
may not always agree among themselves, but when a
Philodox who has won their respect speaks, the tribe
listens and obeys, even if they don't understand the
purpose and intent of the Half-Moon's words. Let's
just hope that someone who's a fool doesn't get the
reins of leadership.

Tratobog

Meredith had been listening intently this whole time,
but now she interrupted with a question. "I realize you
follow the auspice you're born to, but how is the training
different from, say, a Galliard? You mentioned that a lot of
Half-Moons have to learn history and such. Doesn't that
seem like a bit of an unnecessary overlap?"

That's a really interesting question, and honestly,
one I'd not thought about too much before now, so I'm
glad you raised it. I guess the best way to answer is to
talk about what happens during a werewolf's child-
hood, presuming she's raised by knowing Kin or in a
sept proper, rather than left alone to be kidnapped by
strangers at some later point, or even forsaken as a lost
cub. I hate to say it, but Kin-Fetches don't always work
as speedily and sure as they should. But let's go on the
assumption that this kid in question has the good
fortune to be in a place where she can learn about
things from the get-go. The locals know she's going to
become a werewolf and also what moon sign arose at
her birth. I don't know that much about your upbring-
ing, but this is kind of what it was like for me.

Youfh

My own daughter is seven, and I've taken care to
introduce her to other members of my sept and their
Kinfolk since she was a baby. Her bedtime stories have
been those of our great heroes, the ones that are wise
sages as well as great warriors. Something we also sneak
into those tales is what I call "Litany Lite." Maybe it's
just a Philodox thing, but it shouldn't be. Parents and
other adults are among the best agents of socialization
for children, and I think it's important that both Garou
and Kin learn the morals we hold dear. Do | insist she
recite the Litany in order or any hogwash like that?
No! But I do want her to remember the basics, such as
respecting others, being honorable and not treading
on someone else's space. So, in theory, she'll always
preserve these values we cherish.

ne ee

Zif ange

Again, let's imagine that someone's First Change
occurs close to other werewolves and Kin she's known
from childhood. Boom, there it is. Even if you kind of
expect it, you and I both know it's pretty traumatic,
painful both physically and spiritually. The joy and
wonder come later. One of the first things we try to
ascertain is the new werewolf auspice. If careful
records have been kept, we already know the sign
under which she was born. If not, the Crescent Moons
can speak with certain spirits and find out pretty soon.

Different tribes treat newly changed werewolves in
different ways. Some prefer not to waste much time
teaching them, since they might up and die in the Rite of
Passage. Personally, I don't like the sink or swim ap-
proach; at least give them a few lessons on staying afloat
before you throw them into the pond! So if a new
Philodox comes to me, | want to at least talk about the
basics. Sort of like I did with you, right? Some of this is
good training for any new changer; I'm talking about
discussing the Litany, the various tribes, the auspices, the
breeds and so on. But with a Half-Moon, I also want to
stress the importance of duty. I may delve a bit into the
history of our auspice, how we've been judges, leaders,
lawgivers and so on, since the beginning of time. I'll also
throw in how she should be an example of balance
between human and wolf. That's what generally scares
them. Oh, not the human/wolf thing, but rather how the
Philodox has to be a model "citizen" as it were. Ever heard
that saying, Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? No? Well, it
means "who watches the guardians?" In other words,
there's no such thing as a werewolf internal affairs depart-
ment. We Philodox have to more or less police ourselves,
be on our best behavior and serve as an example to others,
from First Change until death.

Ries of Fawtage

As you well know from those fresh scars on your
flank, you're not really a full-fledged member of the
tribe until you completethe Rite of Passage; everyone
knows that. What folks may nov-know.is that usually,
the Half-Moons ofithe sept, in'Consultation with other
elders, often decide On, the tasks theswould-be
werewolves must complete. And it's compromise after
conipromise, particulatly if you're talking about a
bunch of different tribal notions of what's.important.
Fiantiamay want the cubs to bring back some lost piece
of song; Uktenano doubt demand a forgotten secret of
ancient lote..So, we Philodox try to negotiate a happy
medium forthe cubs. The,tasks can't be so'impossible
that failure is certain, but they can't be a cakewalk,
either. I like the three-pronged approach myself. First,
to test the cubs' mettle, I think they need to release

70 Book of Auspices

___—

ii


some of that seething Rage and bloody their claws on
a piece of the Wyrm. That's why part of your Rite of
Passage involved combat. Second, I believe they need
to speak with a spirit; after all, that's in part what we
are, and what better way to get to know themselves? So
I made sure you got to do that, too. Finally, especially
for the Philodox, I want them to mediate some sort of
dispute. It could be between two Kin, for all I care, but
I want them to be in the thick of an argument, pull
apart the contenders and sort things out fairly. So the
Rite of Passage isn't going to be a short process one can
finish ina leisurely afternoon. I don't think it's unusual
for weeks to pass."

Meredith gave me a rueful grin. "And that last one was
the toughest of the three, without a doubt. I thought I
wouldn't get out of that scrap between the metis and the
lupus alive!"

Hey, it wasn't supposed to be easy. My bottom line
is that if a newly Changed cub is a Half-Moon, then I
have to see she's worthy of the auspice. If that's not
proven on the Rite of Passage, then | better get some
proof real quick. Otherwise, a Rite of Renunciation
might be in order. Oh hell, don't look so scared. Only
rarely does a cub not live up to the demands of being a
Half-Moon. I'd say that in all my days, I've only seen it
happen about three times. But it's a lot better to do this
quick, rather than have an ill-made Philodox serving
our people. And you did just fine, Heart of the Sky.

Jirhng fhe Tolle
When the Half-Moon completes the Rite of Pas-

sage, her learning isn't finished, as you're just starting
to find out. Not by a long shot. She likely trains side by
side with a Philodox of higher rank, perfecting her
knowledge of Garou laws and customs, to correctly
interpret these matters for the tribe. Also, she learns
what it means to be a leader. I'm not just talking about
being at the head of the fray in battle, but also how to
make hard decisions, the ones that gnaw at your very
soul. One of the most difficult things we teach the
Half-Moons who eventually lead our packs and septs is
that death is part of life. It may rip your heart out to
order a beloved friend into certain death, but if it's for
the good of our people, it has to be done. Act now,
mourn later; that's a common saying among us. We
can't show any partiality; we have to be fair in all
things, no matter the pain we may feel.

Another part of serving the tribe involves having
good judgment. I'm not talking about being a judge per se,
but rather, knowing when to give and take, when to push
and when to let go. It's not something that can be taught,
really, but comes from years of experience, watching
others and not flinching from the tasks at hand.

Chapter Three: Law and Order

———EEEE

Seren sr amecare reece en ee

Relations wht OfberAugtheet

I looked up as someone rapped on the door. A moment
later, a tall, gangly guy with auburn hair walked in with
Joan. He nodded to us and helped himself to a beer from the
small icebox. Ah, the Fianna Ahroun, I thought.

He sat down beside me. "Hi, I'm Steven Dale —
Banehew. You must be the Black Furies, Elaine and
Meredith."

I tilted my head in answer. "Thanks for coming. We
just wanted to hear your take on what happened here."

Steven took a long draw on the beer bottle; not much
was left except spit when he'd finished. "Look, you seem
likea smart lady, soI'm going to tell it to you straight. I don't
know anything about what's going on. It's not that I have
anything against Gerhard personally, but facts are facts,
and they point to his guilt. Worse, he tried to frame Denise,
and that really makes me pissed."

"Whoa, whoa. What do you mean, he tried to frame
Denise? Denise, your other packmate? The Crescent Moon?
Nobody mentioned this before." I gritted my teeth.

The Ahroun shrugged. "Guess it got sort of shuffled
aside. Yeah, on the night we found Nancy's fetish in
Gerhard's house, we also found some of Nancy's things at
Denise's place. Not much, just some clothes and a few
pieces of jewelry."

I glared at Joan. "Nobody told me this."

"Well, I'm telling younow," Steven retorted. "What's
more, Denise saw Nancy and Gerhard arguing about
something, not too long before we found her body. Oh, in
case no one mentioned it, it was Denise and I who went
looking for her and found her gutted. Gerhard was furious
and started trying to figure out what had happened. We
looked everywhere for clues, and that's when the stuff
showed up at Denise's. It looked bad for her there for a
minute, but then I found the fetish that Gerhard had
stashed, and Denise remembered him arguing with Nancy.
Calvin stepped in and took over. The rest I presume you
know." He snapped his fist into the palm of his other hand.
"Really pisses me off, too. Denise is damn smart. To set her
up... shit, I'd kill him myself if the Uktena would allow it."

"But Gerhard told the truth. He didn't kill Nancy," I
objected.

Steven shrugged. "Denise explained that sometimes,
spirits can be bribed to help conceal the truth. Ghostfire's a
Crescent Moon of the Uktena pack, and he said that was
true as well. So we figured that somehow Gerhard covered
up the truth, made it seem like he was innocent and tried to
pin the blame on Denise. That's pretty damn low, even for
a Shadow Lord."

"Calvin said the same thing," Joan muttered softly
from where she leaned against the far wall. "I remember his
words: ‘How like one of you to turn against ‘your own.'"

71
i

arn a LL EN TT

Serene eraser orem eaves som are anna remsumorrenam arene

I sighed and rubbed my eyes. This was one of those
nights I wish I were a cub again, listening to wisdom at my
mentor's knee. I'd never tell Meredith, of course, but how
I wish our roles were reversed. "Okay, okay. I think we've
already established the fact that this isn't one big happy
family of werewolves here. You guys snipe more than most.
But that doesn' t help figure out how Nancy died, and why."

The Ahroun stared at me for a minute. "You like doing
this? Going around to people you hardly know, trying to fix
their problems?"

For aminute, I thought he was being a smartass; then,
I realized his question was asked out of sincere interest.
"Well, yeah, I guess I do. It's what I'm supposed to do. I
can't change my nature, Steven."

"Get to meet a lot of different Garou? All auspices, all
tribes?"

I nodded. "Yes, that's the interesting part. And while
it's not always easy, it's a perpetual learning experience.
Take the different roles Luna has established for each of us.
As a Philodox, I can see that each is part of the whole; we
couldn't have any one without the other."

Regabath

A lot of werewolves look down'émthe New Moons,
and not only is it unfair, it's stupid. Ragabash have
keen eyes and razor wit. They see things others miss,
and in their own way, they're as skilled at peacekeep-
ingas the Philodox. It's easy to confuse "trickster" with
"trickery," and that's one reason everybody looks
askance at the New Moons. More often than not,
they've gotareason for behaving as theydo. Occasion-
ally, what a stuffy, stuck-up sept leader needs is some-
one to helpease down tensions. Here'sa little secret for
you to gnaw on: Half-Moons use Ragabash unabash-
edly. When we feel the need fora bit of contrariness or
a new perspective, we'll drag in'a New Moon and set
them to work. It's effective, subtle and wholly in
keeping with why Luna and Gaia gave us the Ragabash
in the first place. Sometimes, of course, it spills over
into the territory of directly,opposing one another. If
the Ragabash is constantly harping on "The Law is
outdated and wrong,we have to keep reminding them
that "Not only is the Law right and there for a reason,
we must remember the spirit in which it was made"
while also trying to keep what they are trying to tell us
in perspective, Make no mistake: A talented Ragabash
is an asset and a pain in the ass at the same time.
Thewrge

As many Crescent, Moons are ritemasters and our
strongest links with the spirit world, we Half Moons rely
heavily on their words. Without the Theurge's visions,
dreams and understanding of our inner souls, we'd be
lost. Any Philodox leader worthispit will have a strong

7

_————

a 7

Theurge by her side. In times of peace, if a Half-Moon
can't lead, a Crescent Moon is almost certainly the next
best choice. Okay, I know that many times, a Theurge
has her head in the stars and has to be brought down to
earth a bit, even if that means pulling her away from the
spirit world fora few minutes. It's still a small price to pay
for the Crescent Moon's guidance and wisdom.

CGablard

Just as the Theurge helps us interpret matters of the
spirit, the Galliatds are our backups in affairs of law and
history. It's true that every Philodox has to know reams
about the Litanyand examples of werewolf justice in the
past; like humans, we value precedence and the concept
of primacy. But that's an enormous amount of material.
Galliards,are walking reference manuals! The best of
them can recall tales, both major and minor, and how
past Half-Moons interpreted the law and meted out
justice. My recollections are as good as anyone's, but I
freely bowtothe remembrances of a well-trained Galliard
should we have a discrepancy in the matter of distant
history. HowI choose to interpret the facts is still my job,
but it helps to haye them all sitting there inthe Gibbous
Moon's head at any given moment.

Abroun

We come full cireleynow to,the best of Gaia's
warriors, the Ahroun. When peace failsand war falls,
even the Half-Moons look to them for guidance. Their
understanding of battle is as instinctive to them as our
love of justice is to us, and we must respect that fact and
hand over leadership as tradition usually requires.
That doesn't mean we fade out of the picture, though.
While many Full Moons are in their own tight brilliant
tacticians, they can often use a second opinion or a
different option. Now, whether they choose to heed
our counsel ornotis their call, but we'd be remiss in our
duty if we didn't speak up when wesSaw flaws or
problems in the Ahrotii'sbattleyplans. A Full Moon
commander will always be a better warrior with a wise
Philodox by her side as lieutenant and advisor.

Seb ual Relatlons

I'dbarely finished my little speech about the Full Moons
when the last pack member arrived. Denise tapped lightly,
and then came right on in. She was an attractive woman,
probably in her late 20s, with pale blonde hair, blue eyes and
a scattering of freckles. I saw worry and stress in her face as
she gave her packmate and fellow Child of Gaia Joan a quick
hug. I shook her hand as she sat down on the floor.

"Nice to meet you. I'm Elaine, this is Meredith, and
you must be Denise Preston, the Crescent Moon."

She nodded. "Thanks for coming here. I didn't know
until just a short while ago that you'd arrived." She stole a

Book of Auspices

a


glance at Joan. "Nobody told me you were coming. I
usually get up at dawn to visit the caern."

Was it that late already? Or early, as the case may be?
Sure enough, rose light filtered through the window. I felt a
wave of weariness hit me, but shrugged it off. | imagined my
companion must be even more tired, not exactly used to these
long hours. "We got in last night, shortly after sunset. I've
talked to everyone in your pack, save you. What's your spin
on things? Why did Gerhard kill Nancy? Have any spirits
spoken to you about exactly what happened?"

Denise wound a finger in her hair as she spoke. "The
only reason I can possibly imagine is that Nancy wanted to
be sept leader, just like the Shadow Lord, andhe didn't want
another rival. The Uktena was enough of a challenge to
deal with. Anyway, I think he killed her, stole her stuff and
planted some of her belongings in my cabin to make me look
guilty. Bastard. When we found the feather fetish, that
changed everything. Who else but a Shadow Lord would kill
his own packmate and make another take the fall?"

"But surely your sept leader, Calvin, called upon the
wisdom of Falcon and asked Gerhard to tell the truth?
That's what Gerhard told me, anyway. And when he said
he didn't kill Nancy, he was being honest," I countered.

"Good grief, he's a damn Shadow Lord! He probably
has a hundred different ways of corrupting the truth so it
hides alie!" Denise retorted. "I mean, he probably has more
ways to fool spirits into covering his tracks than a Crescent
Moon!" Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Steven nodding
eagerly, his eyes shining as he looked at the Theurge.

I opened my mouth to respond, then thought better of
it. It wasn't so much what she said as how she said it. I
recalled another one of Daphne's favorite Latin sayings:
Alitur vitium vivitque tegendo, "The taint is nourished
and lives by being concealed." Sometimes her lawyerlike
witticisms were painfully apt.

"Tell me how he might have done it," I said quietly.
"As a Theurge, you surely have more experience than I in
such matters." She nodded and spoke eagerly.

Ican't really talk much about spirit dealings with-
out first mentioning Luna and how essential she is to
all werewolves. The Celestine of the Moon, Luna's
light burns cool and clear into our hearts. It is her
brightness that creates one of the essential thirds of our
being, the auspice. We are, as you know, creatures of
flesh and spirit; what makes us unique is how we reflect
Luna; whether we are born human, wolf or metis; and
which tribal totem we follow. These things are bal-
anced, or at least they should be.

Now, as to how we deal with spirits, beyond the basic
concepts of chiminage... that depends so much on aus-
pice. Forme, speaking with the creatures of the otherworld
is as natural as breathing. True, I have learned a way to

Seer sense es enrweseren reeves Nn ee

change my words into a language they can understand,
and that ability was acquired, not inborn. But we Cres-
cent Moons have an inherent knack for it.

Tinterrupted. "What abouta Philodox, suchas Gerhard
or even Meredith and me? We don't have that innate talent
you speak of, so how can we get spirits to help us?"

Spirits are what they are. I don't mean to sound
cryptic, butsometimes you Half-Moons havea sharp eye
for seeing the bare essence of something. Spirits rather
appreciate that because they revel in showing off their
fundamental natures. We understand that and never
ask them to be something they're not when we ask for
their help. You too seem to have some of that ability.
Some spirits also appreciate your love of balance and
equilibrium, especially those associated with the Weaver.

As far as the Shadow Lord Philodox, well, he
probably didn't have to work too hard. I imagine he
found it quite easy to coerce one of Grandfather
Thunder's brood to help, or possibly even Fog or some
other spirit that likes concealment and camouflage.
He probably cut a bargain that involved furthering the
spirit's desire for secrets and such. Typical!

I sighed and nodded. I saw how it had been done, even
if I wasn't a Theurge. "Thank you, Denise, for sharing
your ideas. I... don't know what to do just yet. I have
another two days, and I'd like to rest and think on things for
abit."

She shrugged and nodded, falling into chitchat with her
packmates while I closed my eyes and ran things over and
over in my head. Seeing that I was catching some sleep,
Meredith curled up on the closest rug and was snoring
within minutes. | tossed and turned for a while, unable to
clear from my mind the images of blood and death that were
piling up by the thousands, it seemed.

Kufohe

I didn't remember falling @sleeppbut I woke up to the

i r out of the small convection oven..

‘yeast bread. Sleep's fuzziness melted away
| wheréiliwasiand what L was doing. Sometime
Pibes day, I'd curled up on the floor,and been covered
by a blanket — Meredith's doing, no doubt. Looking
whe I saw the sun setting, and realized I'd slept a long
time. Well, at least my head would,be cleared.

A woman! didit recognize avas cutting bread while
Meredith smeared it with honey butter. They'dalso laid out
rare pieces of meat on the table — looked like venison or
beef. I gave them a quick nod, and both smiled in return.

"Joan had to go attend to some sept business, but we'd
be poor hosts if we didn't share our table. Come eat. I'm
Hadley, one of the Kin cousins. Gerhard's dead uncle's
wife, if you want details."

Chapter Three: Law and Order

CO na

ee

panna a eng,

nnn nnn nrnenennnmnnernnrnnranth

I didn't need to think twice. I devoured most of the
meat, with some bread in between, then sat back and sipped
on the coffee. Meredith also dived in.

"Your husband died in the dust-up with Spirals?" I
inquired, between swallows.

Hadley's face clouded. "Yes, I miss him greatly. It's
too soon for me to think about remarrying, though I know
my nephew and everyone else would like it." I bit my tongue
and managed not to disparage her tribe's notions about
marriage , duty and such. I had other kettles to stir. And she
seemed like a nice lady.

"Was your husband a Half-Moon like Gerhard?" I
asked after a comfortable silence had passed.

"No, he was a Ragabash, but people respected him.
The sept leader counted him among the best advisors on his
council. My mother, she was a Galliard. Maybe I get some
of her ways because | like the old tales. People are surprised
that here in the western part of the state, there's more than

Priadde. we ome halelaome ain

of auspice, not ‘officially, but speaking@mecdotally,, T tend
to see Luna' s influences among our humanand wolf relatives
more often than not. Like you, some have aninbor gift for
storytelling and songs. Others tend to have the quirky sense
of humor you might see in a New Moon. Maybe it's more
subtle, but it's there." Meredith kept eating, but could feel
her listening intently. Good girl, I thought, you're learning.

It's our task to keep track of Kin as well, even these not
our own. We have to know the bloodlines, remember
who's mated to whom, know who's been told of the
Ways and who hasn't. And we have to know which Kin
hold more love for us than fear.

Hadley poured herself another cup, and thought on
what I'd said. "Iagree. After all, even if we're not ourselves
Garou, we were still chosen, right?"

T inclined my head. "Nice to see Kinfolk realize that."
I pushed myself away from the table. "Thanks for the
snack, We' ve gota final bit of business to attend." Meredith
put our dishes in the sink and followed me outside.

Iclosed the door behind us, then felt the cool of the night
air touch my face. I'd pretty much come to the conclusions
I needed to make, but maybe some time on four legs would
help me face my next task with more surety than I now felt.
I glanced at my student. Oh, what a hard lesson this was to
learn so soon, I thought bitterly.

Ptoman and Woff

I wentin search of the lupus elder I'd met the day before
— Nightsong, that was her name — with Meredith on my
heels. Nightsong was Fianna, but that was fine. Their
males might be a bit stupid, but one of their females had
saved my ass not too long after my Rite of Passage. She

ee A Ae

fought as fiercely as any Fury, so that was cool in my book.

It wasn't another woman's voice I was after, anyway, but
the words of one of the four legs.

We found her again guarding the crude hut where
Gerhard awaited his punishment. She sensed us coming, I
thought, but waited until we approached to call a welcome.
I'd been Garou for almost 15 years, but I never tired of the
wave of sheer joy that passed through me as we again greeted
each other as equals, neck to neck, tongue to tongue. No
doubt Nightsong was a bit older; plenty of silver tipped her
dark fur. But she received me as one close in station, and
showed a friendliness to Meredith, too. I jerked my head, and
we walked into the forest, leaving her packmates at guard.

"T thought you would come," she began. "You are
Half-Moon, the child of Luna's balance. As is the young
one. You know that we ourselves are balanced between
4 ‘and human, so my counsel would be helpful."
iu say,"»breplied. "Both human and wolf, both

u abbalance is important to me. I have
cfiédito haere as much -wolf.as human, so that my logic
does not overpower my instinctpif I were lupus, I would try
tolearn human-thought to match my wolf-instinct. It's the
finest way, I believe, to judge truly and I think my faith
‘inmy wolf half is being rewarded. I have... an instinct.

. "I think something very sad happened with the Bloody
Tusk pack. Ibelieve they forgot the Litany, the parts about
honorable surrender, fair challenge and that sort of thing.
Sométhing tells me that some of the pack wouldn't know a
goodleader if she trotted up and clawed their hindquarters."

Nightsong gave awry, toothy grin of amusement. "You
may be right. Tell me what happened. You have seen it, I
think, in your dreams, though you may not remember them."

I sighed. "I can't explain how these ideas come to me;
they just do. It's like when we know it's time to give birth
— we just know."

And I told her the tale as it has sprouted in my mind.

You and I know that there never is such a thing as
a typical werewolf, not from any of the three parts that
makes up our being: Our tribe, our auspice and our
birth form. And that's the problem at the heart of this
story. Too many assumptions were made by everyone
involved about what a "mainstream" Shadow Lord
must be like, or a stereotypical Child of Gaia. The
Uktena played their part, too, by still holding grudges
from centuries past. I don't blame them, but it was a
helluva time for the whole "Wyrmcomer" prejudice to
surface so sharply. Anyway, I digress.

The poor sap in this whole picture is the Ahroun,
Steven Dale. He's not a bad guy, but as Luna's full light
guides his thinking, he naturally feels he's the stron-
gest, and therefore, the best to lead. In certain times,
that's probably true; I'm sure he's indispensable against

74 Book of Auspices

i _———

ii


.

a

ahive of Black Spirals. But they're not swarming down
at the moment, unless I've missed something.

So Steven wanted to be pack leader — but he's an
honest sort of guy and would never challenge unless he
felt himself worthy. He spilled his guts to one whom
anybody would trust: A Child of Gaia Theurge. Denise
was the spiritual leader of the pack, right? Why not
confide in her? And Gaia knows one of her own
Children would never be anything but a peacemaker.

Let's just say for a minute that maybe this Crescent
Moon wasn't your typical soother of troubled souls.
Maybe she came to this sept originally to serve, but
somewhere, somehow, something gota little twisted. She
was one of the few survivors when Spirals attacked the
sept, along with Gerhard. Watching that carnage, fight-
ing with all her might, that must have been hell to see,
even to survive. I don't know her motivations. Maybe
something happened to her the night of the attack that
fouled up her mind. Maybe she went into some sort of
deep, ugly funk and mouthed off to a waiting spirit, one
that was eager to sow dissent. | can't say for sure.

What I am almost certain of is that she was
possessed, maybe permanently, maybe just for a short
while. I'm guessing that whatever took over her body
was powerful enough to hide the truth from everyone
— including Denise herself. I know that she believed

she was telling the truth, about everything. But it was
her hand that slew Nancy. And planted the evidence,
first on herself, then on Gerhard. Under the influence
of a spirit or not, she did it. I guess we'll never know if
she was willing or not. Either way, though, she com-
mitted a wrongful act against a packmate. For that, I
think the punishment's going to be... harsh.

The wolf twisted her head in puzzlement. "Why
herself? It makes no sense."

It does only if you take the whole Shadow Lord rep
into consideration. It was a snap to pin blame on him —
make it seem like Gerhard had set Denise up to be the
fall guy, but then the "truth" comes out. Denise gets to
play up the righteous indignation, and everyone is
royally pissed at the Shadow Lord. Not only did he kill
a packmate out of greed, a horrible crime in itself, he
tried tomake another take the blame. The worst punish-
ment wouldn't be enough to clean up his slate, would it?

In the original picture, Gerhard's dead, and so is
Nancy. The pack is reduced to three: Steven, Denise,
and Joan. Denise is highest rank, but she defers to
Steven. And all is right in the world, supposedly. Steven
gets to lead, but Denise is his beta, and he'll do about
anything she says since he trusts her implicitly. The sept
leader, Curtis, probably doesn't want to look too hard to
see what's happening right under his nose. Maybe he

Chapter Three: Law and Order 75

> 0 ee

iN

Seneca rane arene nee i avy a rem mores arene)

thinks that if the Bloody Tusk pack is reduced, that'll
make his position stronger. Maybe he's ashamed, or shit,
maybe he has too much on his mind. Heck if I know
what his feelings are; he's sure not talking to me.

I fell to silence and looked at the lupus. At my side, I
felt Meredith trembling as everything sunk in. It'd been a
helluva lot for someone still fired up by the newness of being
Garou to hear, but there it was.

Nightsong rose then, trotting into the brush near us. I
heard a slight scuffling, and then she returned with some-
thing glinting around her neck. It was amirror, asort of old-
fashioned thing, round and hanging on a thick brass chain.

"T saw some of this tale, but it made no sense to me. I
needed one born as a human to help explain why these things
happened." She bent her head, and the mirror slipped off.
Nightsong closed her eyes and sang a few sharp notes; then,
the mirror's surface clouded. I watched with a heavy heart as
I saw all that I had described take place in detail on the surface
of the glass, like a silent movie. It sickened me to the bone, but
I didn't take my eyes from the scenes. The death of the Black
Fury Half-Moon. The sly look on the Theurge's face as she
set up everything. How or why she'd come to this dishonor
wasn't clear; neither the lupus nor I could tell when the spirit
entered her form whether it was summoned or came unbid-
den. But the facts of Nancy's death were there.

"Tcouldnot understand what had happened," confided
Nightsong. "I needed someone to help me. For all that she
suffers the curse of her parentage, the Moon Dancer you
call Joan has come to be a friend. I gave her my advice, and
that was to call you."

I nodded, feeling a little odd about how things had
happened, but resigned to present my evidence and let the
sept decide the Crescent Moon's fate. I'd done the dirty
work by bringing the truth to the surface; time to let them
clean up their own mess.

Meredith and I walked back towards the cabin. A few
tears had fallen down her face; maybe she was mad, or
possibly frightened. They were dry long before she spoke.

"So that's it? You came here and showed them the
truth, and now, you step away?" I sensed confusion,
maybe even an odd sense of hurt, in her youthful voice.

"Yes. I lanced the wound that festered, drained off the
abscess. Now the ones who lead and mentor this sept must
partake of the healing."

"But... but it doesn't seem right! Just to go in, stir up
trouble and...." Her voice trailed off as I grabbed her arm
and spun her around to face me.

"Get used to it, girl. Do you think I enjoy the fate Gaia
has destined for me? The bottom line is what I like or don't
like is irrelevant. This is the niche the Mother has made for
me to fill. That is all I need to know. Now," I said sternly,
"do you want to go sit in the truck while I witness what

ee ee

comes to pass alone? Or are you going to be Garou, and see
your job through by my side?"

A fire burned in her eyes, and my misgivings about
bringing her along faded. "No, I'll stay. Whatever you
might think about me having too much compassion aside, I
swore to be your pupil. I won't quit."

If she ever regretted her decision, I never heard another
word about it.

I'd never seen the Rite of the Hunt, and I hope I never
have to witness itagain. Nightsongand I shared our findings
with Curtis, and to my surprise, he seemed sad and old, but
more trusting than I'd believed possible. The Theurge had
remembered nothing of what really happened, and only
through one of Gaia's blessings was the sept leader able to
see the truth behind her confusion and lies. Whatever had
possessed her, willingly or not, had done the deeds, leaving
behind the shell of the Crescent Moon to undergo the
punishment. I sensed the Uktena's shame and grief, and I
felt badly I'd spoken ill of him to my student.

When their Ritemaster, a metis named Ghostfire,
came to me with a pottery jar full of paint, I accepted it with
aheavy heart. This was an honor I really didn't want, but
wouldn' tdream of refusing. The mixture smelled of nature:
ground clay, madder and henna. I drew the mark of
Pegasus on my bare shoulder, surprised to find Meredith
offering to hold the jar as I painted, outlining the scars onmy
thigh and belly, the rips of a warrior, the wrinkled flesh of
a mother who has carried a child. I saw with some surprise
that Joan also was painting herself; she stood waiting in
Crinos, her white eye glintingin the gibbous moon. Nearby,
Nightsong already wore bright yellow stains, markings in
elaborate curls and spirals. The rest of the Bloody Tusk
pack, Steven and Gerhard, wouldn't participate; they
stood silently in the shadows. Now, we only had to wait for
the Hunt to be formally called.

The Master of the Howl was one of the Uktena I'd not
met, a Galliard woman calling herself Olutsa. She cried a
long, mournful howl as the moot began. Then, Curtis spoke.

"Dreams of Morning, called Denise Preston among
the humans, you have been found guilty of murdering your
packmate for a cause of greed and unhappiness. You have
admitted fault, by allowing yourself to be manipulated by
deceit and trickery. Yet, in your admission and acceptance
of the misdeed, you maintain a thread of honor. For this
reason, the council has deemed that you shall not die
without a chance to earn our respect in your passing."

She bowed her head, accepting her fate in silence.
Olutsa barked out a sharp growl, and then, the condemned
Child of Gaia ran. Her form grew to that of a dire wolf as
she loped through the brush and into the fields of the bawn.
Ghostfire shrieked a bloodcurdling cry, and the Hunt
began. I don't know how many hours passed, for the Child

of Gaia ran until her heart must' ve nearly burst. Still, it was

76 Book of Auspices

_——,

—


over before dawn. I have her blood on my hands, but the
killing stroke, I was surprised to see, went to her gentle
packmate, Joan. Anyone who says a Child of Gaia can't be
ferocious is stupid; I'm not sure if I've seen a raging Fury
strike with as much anger and anguish. After the Crescent
Moon fell dead, Olutsa began the Rite for the Departed. It
was brief, but sincere. The sept scattered as the sun rose,
and we two Furies returned to where we'd left my truck. I
wanted to go home, to hear my daughter's laughter, to
embrace my packmates, to end the screaming of awerewolf's
death I heard in my head. Meredith said next to nothing, but
there was a more haunted look in her eye this day.

I wasn't surprised to see Joan and Nightsong waiting to
see us off. We exchanged no words, just touches of farewell.
Damn, I'dhopedI'dfeel better. Integrity had been served. By
our laws, we'd done what was right. But that wouldn' t stop
the nightmares I knew would come in the next few weeks.
Sometimes, even judges don't sleep the sleep of the just.

Fudge avd Fury:
ars Panspucbiet

Playing a Philodox is a pretty large responsibility;
afterall, many of the other auspices will look to the Half-
Moon for leadership, advice and guidance. Sometimes
it can be hard for the player to live up to the demands of
the character. Here, we'll provide some tips for Storytell-
ers to give players a little help along the way.

Truth Sbehiadks

First of all, while Half-Moons often do hold roles as
pack and sept leaders, there's no law saying they have to
do so. Let's say that the player is more comfortable in a
secondary advisory role. He can still be indispensable,
even if someone else (like a Storyteller character) has
ultimate veto power. Later on, as the player gets used to
the demands of leadership, he could move up in rank
and station. Think about any young hero from film or
fiction; many started out as apprentices or subordinates,
developing close relationships with their mentors. After
they got some real-life experience under their belts, they
were ready for more challenging roles and tasks. In any
case, you probably don't want to put too much pressure
on the player to play an extraordinary leader right from
the start; let them get a feel for things before throwing
too much on their plate.

The Lone Ubbodox

Perhaps more than any other auspice, the Half-
Moon presents an interesting opportunity for solo
games. While the heart of Werewolf is the chronicle
centered around the pack and sept life, sending the
lone Philodox on a mission of justice and mercy can
provide a nice break from the usual multiplayer furor

Serene sameeren reams mee

and allow some intense character development for the
soloist. (You'll have to give the other player characters
their time in the spotlight, too, of course).

The laff Moon Pak

What about a chronicle where everyone plays a
Philodox? Maybe this multi-tribe pack serves as special
counselors toa larger-than-life leader, suchas Albrecht
or Konietzko. Their responsibilities are many, from
seeking out information to visiting other septs, cutting
deals and keeping in touch with Kinfolk. Of course,
they'll have to work closely with other auspices. As the
Apocalypse approaches, maybe their tasks will include
contacting certain Fera or questing packs. This is a
chance to show how different tribes put their own spins
on the Half-Moon's role.

Vandtng the Rife of Renunctatlon

Storytellers and players already know that re-
nouncing a character's given auspice is a serious thing
indeed, but if a compelling reason exists, it can be
done. What Storytellers should remember is that a
veneer of distrust and suspicion will forever be on the
character. Maybe she'll not encounter any overt criti-
cism or odd looks, but she'll surely hear whispers
behind her back and occasionally outright scorn and
cynicism, particularly from members of her old aus-
pice. Likewise, dealings with Luna and her brood
should become markedly more difficult.

In rejecting the role of Philodox, a character is
saying she can't live up to the high expectations of
leadership, decision-making and interpretation of laws
and customs. For a group of beings that so revere
tradition, this is an especially bitter affront. Some
werewolves might take this as a sign of rejecting the
essence of what it means to be Garou. They'll also
consider the former Half-Moon as a creature out of
balance —something "just ain't quite right" about her.
Storytellers should certainly feel free to explore the
many themes behind this change in the character's
path, both the novelty of the new auspice and the
bitter seeds from rejection of the old.

Arehelypat

Archetypes both reflect stereotypes and defy them;
they can show the "basics" of how to play an auspice as
well as put a new spin on an old idea. The following
archetypes should give players and Storytellers a few
ideas on how to work the Half-Moon creatively into
the frame of the chronicle.

The loguktifor
In maintaining law and justice, the Philodox has to

ask hard and sometimes painful questions. The Inquisitor
excels at this exercise, to the point of near fanaticism.

Chapter Three: Law and Order 77

ee

i \

|

Seer erence cree en onaren ssn arve a res mr resend)

While her intentions are usually good, her technique is
razor-sharp. Not everyone appreciates her drive and
ambition, nor her passion for figurative (and sometimes,
literal) bloodletting. The Inquisitor is a real take-charge
type who barges in, kicks ass and carves names into her
little black book with gusto. When sitting in judgment of
her fellow werewolves, she's the one who pushes the
envelope — not afraid of anything or anyone.

The problem with the Inquisitor is that she is
heedless of any consequences. Even if there's a slightly
easier path to reach the truth, that leaves another's
honor intact but still accomplishes the job, she'll always
take the harder road. For this reason, most werewolves
fear rather than respect her. They'd follow her if so
ordered, but out of dread of her reprisals, not loyalty. The
Inquisitor means well; she's just got to learn to soften her
blows on occasion. Nobody wants to see her show throat
needlessly, but by the same token, she should learn how
to accept her losses gracefully.

The Inquisitor of the waning moon tends to see
everything in dualities: Yes and no, good and bad, right
and wrong. There's no middle ground whatsoever.
When born under the waxing moon, the Inquisitor
seems to revel in the fear she evokes in others. She's
like an old, crusty teacher who has no mercy on anyone
for any reason. She's not really such an absolutist, but
she does enjoy the reputation.

The Vorfectiontt

The Perfectionist is fairly high-strung and nervous.
He believes that everything hasa place under the sun, and
whatever's not in the proper place needs to scurry there as
soon as possible, lest he get too pissed. The Perfectionist
is the fellow who scours the bawn again, and again and
again, driving the Theurges mad with his fidgeting. He's
in high demand as an organizer of sept gatherings and
moots, though; when the Perfectionist is in charge, others
can be assured of all things going smoothly.

In evolving into a wiser Half-Moon, the Perfec-
tionist needs to learn to slow down and relax a bit. He
can work well with others (it's in his nature, after all),
but he also needs to get better at taking advice and
input from his packmates seriously, not just giving lip
service and then doing it his way irregardless. In short,
he's got to start seeing the forest and the trees, not just
the leaves, roots and branches.

The waning moon Perfectionist specializes in de-
tails. He looks at minutiae to the detriment of the big
picture. Granted, those small parts of the whole are
going to be incredible, but in the end, because he doesn't
always step back with an objective eye, he may miss
some bigger points. The Perfectionist of the waxing
moon is just plain bossy; he's a bit of a know-it-all who
may have a somewhat elevated opinion of his abilities.

78
_——,

ee ee

Book of Auspices

The Unreary Leader

Born beneath the half moon, this werewolf is
destined to be a leader... and yet, he fears the chal-
lenge that awaits. He may not want the reins of
command, but by fate or heredity, they've fallen into
his lap. The Unready Leader has good qualifications,
but he's full of self-doubt. Every time he makes a
decision, he's afraid it's the wrong one. Moreover, he
blames himself for the pack's failures, and never takes
credit for their successes.

The Unready Leader has a bit of a martyr complex,
but he internalizes it rather than complaining about
his lot in life. Most of his packmates probably don't
realize that the silence they take for quiet wisdom is
really concealing worry and misgivings about the fu-
ture. The Unready Leader needs to gain confidence,
and this will only come from repeated success, the
passage of time and the firm support of his pack.

The Unready Leader born under the waxing moon
may seem detached, perhaps even unfriendly. His de-
tractors call him cold and unfeeling, while his friends,
despite their affection for him, think he's too preoccu-
pied inside his own head. If born under the waning
moon, the Unready Leader seems constantly on edge,
checking and rechecking every preparation a dozen
times or more. He's pessimistic and believes that some-
thing will go wrong unless he's right there to fix it.

While the Inquisitor peels back the layers of lies to
find the truth, leaving plenty of scars in the process,
the Itinerant Adjudicator rather is a mender of old
wounds. She moves from sept to sept, invited in most
cases, and applies a soothing balm of healing wherever
it's needed. The Adjudicator usually keeps her cards
close to the heart until it's time to speak publicly, but
she's willing to talk to anyone and everyone to make
things right... wherever that path may lead.

Unfortunately, the Itinerant Adjudicator some-
times stumbles into trouble because of her Pollyanna
outlook. She believes that all disputes can be resolved in
a fair and reasonable manner, whether through medi-
ated discussion or an even-handed fight. Moreover, she
believes in the inherent prevalence of justice among the
werewolves, an outlook that often clashes with strong
tempers and tough personalities. In becoming a better
moderator, the Adjudicator would do well to occasion-
ally set aside the rose-colored spectacles and deal with
the shades of gray in a slightly more cynical manner.

The waxing-moon Adjudicator in particular has dif-
ficulties peering beneath the surface of things. She's usu-
ally content to hear all sides of the story, give her judgment
and go about her merry way, not realizing the chaos she

——


may have left behind. The waning-moon Adjudicator, on
the other hand, may overstay her welcome and delve into
matters way beyond the scope of her goodwill.

Od

© Moon Lore (Level One)— Using this Gift, the
werewolf can learn the phase of the moon that her-
alded the birth of another. Although it can determine
auspice, Moon Lore gives no clue to whether the
subject is a werewolf or even if it is supernatural in any
way; being born under a waxing gibbous moon means
much more toa Garou than it does toa normal human.
Any moon-spirit can teach this Gift.

System: A single success on a Perception + Pri-
mal-Urge roll (difficulty 6) is required to determine
the moon's phase at the time of the subject's birth; two
successes determine whether it was waxing or waning.

© Omen of Truth (Level Two) — Half Moons are
seldom called upon to make easy decisions or clear-cut
judgments — if things were so simple, the Philodox
would not be needed. Yet when it comes down to it,
even the judge could use a hint now and then. By taking
amoment to look around, the wise Garou may see in the
fall of a leaf or path of a butterfly an answer he seeks.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
makes a Perception + Enigmas roll (difficulty varies,
from 9 in a featureless, sealed space to 5 for a forest at
sunset). The Gift takes a minimum of one full minute
to use; the user gains a -1 difficulty if he dwells on the
problem for half an hour. Successes add to the nature
and certainty of the omen, while a botch brings an
equally certain but erroneous conclusion. More than
most, the effects of this Gift are up to the Storyteller,
and depend on the situation; in general, though, the
Storyteller should use it to give a hint as to Gaia's two
cents worth on the matter in question.

¢ Divided Heart (Level Three) — The heart of the
werewolfis filled with rage, and quite often, this internal
fire can overcome a werewolf's strength of will. With
this Gift, taught by any tree spirit, a Philodox can briefly
allow another to "hold back" the fury inside, lest a poorly
made decision cause irreparable damage.

System: The purpose of this Gift is to help allevi-
ate the difficulties a werewolf encounters when his
Rage exceeds his Willpower (Werewolf, p. 126). For
every success on a Manipulation + Primal Urge roll by
the Philodox player, one penalty die is negated for the
target character. The effects last for five minutes per
success — a Philodox can temporarily alleviate the
Curse, but never negate it.

© Reality's Path (Level Four) — Perception is
subjective, but the Philodox cannot afford that luxury.

Seer sense es enrweseren reese en ee

This Gift allows the user to sense whether what the
subject believes to be true is actually false. A Jaggling of
Falcon teaches the Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Enigmas
(difficulty 7). A single success determines if what the
subject is telling an unintended untruth. Three suc-
cesses will discover if the subject was deliberately
misled. Five successes or more will reveal the truth of
the lie at its simplest level (it might tell who perpe-
trated a crime, but not why or who the perp was
working for). Note that this Gift only works when a
subject speaks what he truly believes; packmates can't
go on "fishing expeditions" by throwing out names to
determine who really committed a deed, for example.

Reality's Path deals with knowable facts ("She
never intended to return", "despite his boast, your
brother didn't kill the Bane single-handed"), not greater
spiritual truths.

© Soul's Guilt (Level Five) — This powerful but
very temperamental Gift allows the weight of guilt
which rests on the heart to emerge to the surface. The
effect varies but usually appears as shadowing across
the subject's features; the shadows deepen as the guilt
grows (other effects include "howls of demons," the
sound of winter winds or even ominous background
music). Note that, while useful, it has some severe
limitations, for it registers only what troubles the
individual. To a saintly old lady, a white lie may give
her nightmares and deeply shade her soul, while a
vigilante may sleep the sleep of the just and go unde-
tected by this Gift. Soul's Guilt is taught by one of
Falcon's brood, or any spirit associated with Justice.

System: The Garou must look at (or in some cases,
listen to or smell) the target and concentrate for one
full turn. The player rolls Perception + Empathy (dif-
ficulty of 7); number of successes indicate the clarity of
the Garou's impression.

Release from Bondage (Level Six) — There are
many ways to mystically bend the will of another. This
Gift shatters all such bonds, from the blood domina-
tion of a vampire to a mage's mind control or a Half
Moon's geas. Those who know this Gift may use it on
any being, including themselves. This Gift is only
granted by an Incarna or equally powerful spirit, usu-
ally as a reward for some great service.

System: The Garou is automatically immune to
any supernatural coercion save from any being more
powerful than an Incarna. The Gifted one may break
another's mystic compulsion by touching her, spend-
ing a Gnosis point and rolling Manipulation + Leader-
ship (difficulty 11 - the target's Willpower).

Chapter Three: Law and Order 79

CO na

name

|

New Fees

Te of Panktbment
The Rife of Wier Death

Level Four

Only the Rite of Gaia's Vengeful Teeth is a worse
punishment than the Rite of Silver Death. The
werewolves reserve it for those who kill their own kind
without provocation or lawful challenge but rather
through cold, calculated murder in order to achieve
some aim or goal. For example, a werewolf who kills
another to steal a fetish or ascend to power would be a
likely candidate to suffer this punishment... if he could
be proven guilty. A lesser crime might warrant a Hunt,
where the offender may at least redeem herself by dying
well; but in the Silver Death there is no redemption,
only further shame and humiliation. Before the as-
sembled werewolves (at least two others) and spirits, the
ritemaster recites the crime(s) of the offender. As he
does so, all strength drains from the offender's body, so
that she may do nothing but cower as one of the Garou
(usually the ritemaster, sometimes the murdered one's
packmate or Kin) raises the klaive for the deathblow.

System: A Charisma + Rituals roll (difficulty 7) is
all that is necessary to rob the offender of all strength.
The doomed one cannot step sideways or move from
her spot. A Willpower roll (difficulty is 4 + ritemaster's

successes) is necessary to stand bravely at the end; a
failure costs 1 temporary Glory and 2 temporary Honor,
while a botch costs twice as much (as the doomed one
broke at the end and groveled most pathetically).

Tet of Accord
The Rie of the Paks Blood

Level One

Most Garou form packs that are bound with and
dedicated to a totem spirit. In these days of mixed septs
and thinning ranks, some werewolves are forced by
necessity to run together temporarily. This ritual binds
a group of werewolves into a pack dedicated to a
particular purpose, such asa quest, a battle ora fortnight's
stint of bawn-guarding. The effects of this expire after
the task is done, or after a lunar month, whichever
comes first. Elders usually expect more permanent asso-
ciations to ask for the blessings of a totem spirit.

Though the supernatural benefits of this rite even-
tually end, mutual respect and friendships are acommon
byproduct. Rival septs may join their warriors with this
rite to improve relations. It is not uncommon for such
packs to reform into "true" packs down the road, de-
voted to a specific and appropriate totem spirit.

System: The members of the prospective pack
each swear their united purpose as they slice a palm or
pad and dribble a small amount of blood into a cup.
The blood is mixed and painted on face, hand and


chest (over the heart) of each member. Upon a suc-
cessful completion of the ritual (Charisma + Rituals,
difficulty 7), the pack may take on benefits such as
simultaneous initiative and special combat maneu-
vers. Note that packmembers already in a "true" pack
may join this temporary pack, but will likely have some
explaining to do to a miffed totem.

RY of the Creat Counalf

Level Four

In these days when unity is so important, it is often
sorely lacking. Too often, a rift pits pack against pack,
tribe against tribe, or sept against sept. A popular
Garou may be (possibly wrongly) accused and sen-
tenced, or old resentments flare into open warfare.
Despite the Half Moons' best efforts, the fabric of
werewolf society is torn asunder. This risky but impres-
sive ritual draws together the most powerful spirits
involved in the contention — usually the totems of
contending packs, although caern or tribal totems may
also be involved. It is a perilous venture, but success
will almost certainly bring peace; when the most
powerful spirits of a sept speak with one voice, even
warring packs will take notice.

System: The target number for the Charisma +
Rituals roll is equal to the highest spirit type summoned
(as per Rite of Summoning, page 161 of the core book).
What follows should make for some intense roleplaying
(although the Storyteller may adjust the totems' initial
attitude by the number of successes rolled). Once all the
spirits are in attendance, the Philodox must lay out the
situation and/or plead the case. The spirits give council
to, or perhaps interrogate, the Half Moon. If they agree
with his decisions, they will stand behind him as he
makes (or reiterates) the judgment. Ifon the other hand
they disagree with the arbiter's decision, that too will be
made abundantly clear (usually resulting in a loss of
Honor Renown and credibility).

Nythhe Rifat
The Phe of the Blackened Noon

Level Three

This rarely used rite creates a spiritually dead zone,
essentially closing off a small space to Umbral access. The
space can be no larger than a small hut or large room.
Garou feel distinctly uncomfortable in this dead zone,
and spirits trapped there can wither away to nothingness.

See ransr ns amecsare reas ee

System: The bounds of the space are inscribed
with glyphs, and an herbal smudge or incense is burned
to banish spirits and spiritual influences from the
room. Each success (Wits + Rituals, difficulty 7) in-
creases the Gauntlet by one, to a maximum of 10. In
addition, no Gnosis can be regained in any way within
the warded space, and materialized spirits trapped
within begin to unravel at the rate of 1 Essence/hour.
The ritual's effect lasts a number of days equal to the
ritemaster's successes, fading at sundown of the final
day. This takes half an hour to perform, and can be
continued as often as necessary

Now Fifttthat

Feather of Maid

Level 3, Gnosis 5

Originally a creation of the Silent Striders, the
Striders have been known to share this fetish with
Half-Moons of other tribes who've been a great aid to
Owl's children. The feather can be of various forms,
from an ostrich plume to a raven's quill. When a
Philodox is speaking to someone, she "applies" the
feather against the truth of their speech by tossing it
into the air. If the feather sinks to the earth, it "weighs"
more than the words of the person speaking; they are
being truthful. However, if the speaker is lying, the
feather remains floating; their words are too "heavy."
Should the werewolf using the feather fail to activate
it, the default is that the feather falls to the ground...
and she may not realize she's hearing lies.

JSrorygbalt

Level 4, Gnosis 6

A storyglass can be an ordinary pocket mirror,
shard of glass or other reflective surface (as long as it's
not silver!) When activated, the user speaks a specific
question to the glass, such as "Show me who stole my
klaive." A brief, silent image will appear. Such flashes
can be misleading, as they don't often give a complete
picture of what occurred and why. The images also
reflect "visible" reality; if someone is wearing a dis-
guise, that's what the viewer sees, not the person under
the mask. Images in a storyglass aren't hard and fast
evidence for moots or rites of punishment, but they can
point a Philodox in a useful direction.

Chapter Three: Law and Order 81

a

i

|


"You are, in effect, dropping stones down a well. Every
time you hear an echo from your Subconscious, you know
yourself a little better. A small echo may start an idea. A big

echo may result in a story."

— Ray Bradbury, "How to Keep and Feed a Muse"

One thing for this sept — they treat you right. Their
security ain't bad for a bunch of peaceniks, either. They knew
I was coming before I got within three miles of che bawn, and
as soon as I crossed, I had a big burly Guardian all up in my
face, but smiling. "You gonna speak aintil sunrise?" They
always ask me that. Yeah, I think maybe I will.

The sept is mostly Child of Gaia, though I'm guessing the
Rite-Mistress is Uktena, judging from her coloring and her
garb. That's good, because after the political bullshit and the
other assorted headaches I endured at the last sept I visited, not
to mention the fact that I just did a long stretch in the Holy
Land, which is most assuredly too hot for comfort right now,
it's nice to be in some friendly ternitory.

Sowhen the Shadow Lord sits down across from me at the
picnic table, my stomach clenches a bit. He's so obviously a
Lord—dark hair, sneaky smile , pretty clear ancestry from. the
"nobility" of the tribe. But what's he want with me?

eee

He walks into the clearing and heads for a picnic table,
and my heart starts pounding. Now's my chance. If half of
the rumors I've heard about him are true, he's been around
the world and back and he's probably seen things that can

Chapter Four: Old Stories and New Songs

Ne

only imagine. Now, I'm no slouch myself, but this is Samir
the Jackal, for'Gaia's sake!

I dust myself offand walk over. These hippie septs annoy
the hell out of me —never anyplace to freshen up, unless you
feel like an hour hike to a park restroom, which aren't very
clean anyway. I'm scuffed from the trip and the jeep ride out
here, but he looks even more disheveled than I do, so it's all
good.

This guy's got some stories I can use, I'm sure. And
hey, maybe I can tell him some stuff, too? I sit down across
from him and look him over. He really does look wiped out,
but I understand he's been overseas and just got back into the
country. He's drinking a big glass of that naturally flavored
crap the Children here like to serve their guests (I bring my
own water for exactly that reason). He's a lot younger than
I thought, but then, I'm pretty young to have done as much
as I have, too. I wonder how I should introduce myself.
We're not at a moot, and neither one of us is really in the
superior position, since we're both visitors. I think he
outranks me, but I've heard conflicting reports about that.
Finally, Ijust decide to downplay the whole Garou thing and
talk to him like a person. He should be able to get behind that.

83
i


Seer eran rere creme en nave coe arrears a rams mnrwrensnrensea)

I extend a hand. "Hey, how are you? I'm Malcolm."

Samir took the younger man's hand and shook it care-
fully. "Malcolm what?"

Malcolm blinked. "Ummm... Malcolm Weathers?"
Samir didn't blink or release his grip. "Malcolm Night-Smile,
if that's what ‘you want to know."

Samir let go and took another drink. "That's a start.
What's the rest?"

"Christ, aren't we formal." Malcolm drew himself up
straight and looked Samir in eye. "Malcolm Night-Smile, a
Galliard of Shadow Lords and Adren. And you?"

The other werewolf paused, then smirked into his cup.
"None of your business." Malcolm cocked an eyebrow. He
looked confused, as though he'd been expecting something
quite different out of this conversation. Finally, he sat down
and took a bottle of water from his satchel.

"You are Samir the Jackal, right?"

Samir tried not to smile, but it didn't work. "Yeah."

"The Galliard Who Speaks 'Til Sunrise?"

"Yeah."

Malcolm nodded. "Oh, OK." They sat for several
minutes, silently, Malcolm stealing glances at Samir periodi-
cally. Finally, the Silent Strider stood up and stretched.

"Well, you really know how to keep the party jumping,
but I'm going to look around for some food." He nodded to
Malcolm, and walked off in the direction of the lodge.

Malcolm stood up and followed, his normally cocky
demeanor curdling a bit. "Wait just a damn minute. You
didn't say anything either. At least I introduced myself."

Samir turned. "Yeah, true. So now I know your name.
And if you hang around until the moot tonight, you'll really
hear something."

Malcolm smiled and ground his teeth. "Actually, the
elders asked me to act as Talesinger tonight, in recognition of
my services to this sept."

"What services would those be?"

"Guess you'll find out tonight." The Shadow Lord turned
on his heel and sauntered away. Samir fought the urge to
pounce — that wouldn't look good — but called after him.

"Well, in some septs that honor goes to the best story-
teller, rather than to the richest."

A pair of young Garou training nearby almost dropped
their weapons. The very forest around them seemed to go
dead quiet. Malcolm stopped as if struck, and his entire
body tensed. He did not, however, turn to face Samir. "I
beg your pardon?"

Samir simply smirked. "You heard me."

Malcolm turned. "You want to talk about what it means
to be a storyteller? Suits me. Let's find the Master of the
Challenge. I'd like her to hear this. I don't want you

84
————,

ne ee

‘forgetting' what was said later." He stormed by Samir into
the forest.

"Isn't your nickname ‘Malcolm the Liar'?" Samir asked
as he followed.

Werewolves born under the gibbous moon have a
complex and often underestimated position within Garou
society. They are storytellers, yes, but to a culture based
so heavily in oral tradition, that role is absolutely vital.
The Galliard must not only tell the stories, but also learn
and remember them as well. That requires learning a
great many of the lessons taught to the other auspices —
for a Galliard to describe a memorable fight scene, she
must know how to fight. For a Moon Dancer to simulate
the strange conversational foibles of a spirit, it helps if she
knows how spirits talk. And it goes without saying that to
properly convey the tragedy of a love-story about two
Garou, the Galliard must know the Litany.

For a Werewolf player, the role of Galliard can be a
tricky one to fill without falling into a "merry bard"
archetype (not that there's anything wrong with that, of
course). However, the gibbous moon produces Garou of
infinite depth and possibility, and in this chapter, we'll
show you as much of that as possible.

Undtr fle tout oon

The Master of the Challenge sat serenely under a tree and
sipped her drink. The sun was setting, but the day was still hot,
and both Galliards glowered at each other, trying to mask
rivalry as good-natured competitiveness. Lucy Asks-Twice,
the mediator, sat up and stretched. "OK, so what's the deal
here? You both think you're the perfect Galliard?"

"Well, by no means—" began Samir.

"— perfect," Malcolm finished. They exchanged a look,
and the Shadow Lord continued. "I just think that given my
rather unique experiences, I think I have a better bead on what
we as Galliards should be doing in the world."

"Yeah, because my experiences in the field have been run
of the fucking mill, all the way."

Lucy cocked an eyebrow. "All right, boys. Now I'm
interested. Let's try and keep this civil, ‘cause it's too damned
hot to try and separate you two if it comes to claws. Malcolm,
what do you mean about what Galliards should be doing in the
world?"

Malcolm nodded. "Well, we Moon Dancers have always
had a responsibility to the Garou Nation. I don't want to
downplay the other auspices, but to be honest, in some ways
I think our role is the most important."

"In what way? How?" Samir gave Lucy an odd look, and
then remembered her sobriquet.

Malcolm smirked. "Heck, let's do this right." He re-
moved his shirt and folded it under him to form acushion. "Let
me tell you a story."

Book of Auspices

ee

|


Ogtor

"Some time ago, before the Garou fragmented into
tribes, we all had the same purpose under Gaia. Simply
put, we were all warriors. Now, we weren't the same sort
of warriors as the Ahroun — we weren't all meant to be
leaders, obviously. We were simply supposed to hunt
down and kill anything that threatened our Mother.

"But somewhere along the way, that got problem-
atic. | imagine it was because we weren't diverse enough,
and because we could think as humans as well as wolves,
we got bored. So some of us started spicing things up a bit.
Those folks would sneak around and play tricks, and act
as spies. They were the runts of the litter and the cunning
werewolves, and they did what they did under the new
moon. Likewise, under the crescent moon, certain things
are visible that don't show up in any other light. The
werewolves who noticed them also realized that these
beings could teach us much, and so they started hunting
under the crescent moon to better understand these
spirits. And so on.

"Those of us who decided to hunt under the gibbous
moon, well, we're kind of hard to explain. The gibbous
moon is almost, but not quite, fulfillment. It's midway
between the balance and attention to detail that is the
Philodox moon and the passion and rage that is the
Ahroun moon. We understood the need for law and order
and tradition, but yearned for the purity of the hunt and
the kill. In short, we were kind of torn.

"We hunted and howled under the gibbous moon
because we understood longing for completeness, but
knew that we couldn't have everything. We found, by
and by, that we could tell stories and sing songs about
perfection and fulfillment, even if we couldn't have it.
And in a way, we found what we were looking for in so
doing, because by telling stories of great deeds, we could
teach lessons and inspire passion. And somewhere in all
of this, Luna blessed us with a kind of mixed bag of Gifts.

"Think about it. Galliards have some pretty diverse
capabilities. We can look through other folks' minds and
call up illusions, but also walk the moon paths and
commune with animals. I think it's because Luna under-
stands that we need that kind of edge. We've got a
demanding job."

Some younger Garou had gathered near and now
nodded in agreement as Malcolm finished. Samir, how-
ever, rolled his eyes and looked to Lucy for permission to
speak. She nodded at him.

"That's all very well, Malcolm, but you haven't
really said what Galliards do. Yeah, we tell stories.
Yeah, we inspire folks. But there's a heck of a lot more
to it than that."

Chapter Four: Old Stories and New Songs

Ses

Serna rr amecere ree ee

The Lat Songs

"I'm not going to debate your history — it isn't as if
that's anything more than a fable, at least for practical
purposes." Malcolm bristled at this, but Samir continued.
"But think for a minute about what it's like being a
Galliard now. The world's ending, the Wyrm's opening
its jaws to swallow Gaia. We've got the humans spoiling
everything they can touch, including each other. They're
blowing each other up over the stupidest shit. And here's
the Garou Nation with its collective thumb up its—*

"I think we may have wandered a bit, Samir," Lucy
said quietly.

Samir shook his head. "Right, sorry. My point is, if
there's one thing our auspice suffers from, it's that our role
is pretty darned vague. Really, we've got a lot of different
hats to wear, depending on where we are. Pack, sept,
tribe, Garou Nation as a whole, and so forth."

T Re Clpard bo fhe Jef

"With that in mind, I think the sept is a good place
to start. What are Galliards taught when they're brought
into our society? Of course it depends on the sept in
question, but let's think about what they see.

"Galliards can fulfill any of the sept positions, but
you'll find us more commonly in some than others.
Warders, for example, are usually Ahroun, not Galliards.
The two positions we take on most often are Master of
the Howl and Talesinger."

Lucy glanced between them and said nothing, but
certainly felt the tension in the air.

"Now, the Master of the Howl's an easy one," contin-
ued Samir, trying to pretend he didn't feel the sudden strain
in the air himself. "Galliards learn the Gifts associated with
howls and communication, and we learn how to make those
howls into song. So of course we're going to be the ones who
begin the moots. I've met Howl-Masters of other auspices,
but not many. It just makes sense — we're the werewolves
who cansummon the Garou from all over the sept, and who
can really infuse them with the spirit of the moot.

"Now, Talesinger is a different matter. Sure, we tell
stories well —"

"More to beinga Galliard than ‘telling stories,' man."
Samir looked up at Malcolm, irritated at the interrup-
tion. Malcolm flicked a bit of dirt off his shoulder and
continued regardless. "It's not just about telling stories.
You know that. It's about making sure the listener is
getting the right lesson out of the story. And that's half of
the Talesinger's job right there. Give youagood example.

"I was visiting a very special caern in the Great
White North not too long ago. Had the pleasure of
listening to a story told by a Red Talon Talesinger,

85
i

{AO OT AOE TT CE EL TT TY,

Seren ener ere een an eaves 2am are ann a ress mnsrwrensmnerenav

although to call ita ‘story'
is to doa real disser-
vice to her skills.
Part howl, part pan-
tomime—"
"Yeah, I've seen
lupus tell stories, Malcolm."
Rather than argue
and perhaps lose his turn

to speak, Malcolm waved |
hishand at Samirandcon- |

tinued. "Anyway, the sub-
ject matter was about one
of the tenets of the Litany.
Specifically, it was about
a werewolf who fell to eat-
ing human flesh."
Malcolm seemed to relish
the look on Lucy's face. "I
know, pretty upsetting...
to us. If any of the three of
us told that story, there'd
be no debate which side of
the matter our opinions
were on. But the way she
told it, you actually felt
hungry afterwards. It was
incredible. The way she
told the story — her body
language and the scents
she gave off — acted just
like word choice and in-
flection would to a verbal
storyteller like you or me.
The whole point of
storytelling is to elicit a
response from the listener,
and a good Galliard, no
matter what method he
—orshe— uses, can elicit
the response he wants."

Samir shook his head.

"Bullshit." Lucy glanced at [

him, but didn't stop him
from speaking. "Bullshit,
Malcolm. The point of
storytelling is to pass along
alesson, abit of news, what-
ever. Just eliciting a re-
sponse — shit, that's what
American moviesdo. They
jetk everything heartstring
you have. That's not

86

_——

«Fg storytelling, that's

manipulation.

A Galliard has a
sacred duty to the
Garou Nation, and
that duty is to keep
the lore and the tra-
ditions alive by pre-
senting them in a
format that young
cubscan understand.
And that means that
no matter how you
dress up astory, there

| has to be some truth
| to it, otherwise it's
) just a method of get-

ting folks fired up."
Malcolm
snorted derisively.

ss "Yeah, and what's

the Talesinger's job,
anyway? Last moot
I attended, the
Talesinger goes
onstage right before

' the Revel. It's our

— sorry, my — job

. to get the assem-

blage ready for the
what's coming next,
and that means
snapping them out
of whatever depres-
sion the Cracking
the Bone put them
in. Let's face it, that

F section of the moot

Fd Genter?

isn't normally the
most cheerful these
days. But we owe it
tothe caern's totem
to put all we've got
into the Revel. And
that means the
Talesinger needs to
get folks in the
mood. If that in-
volves a little tug-

} ging on

heartstrings, I'm

. game."


"So what are you saying, the role of the Galliard in
the sept is a spin doctor?"

"Sure. Just as much, if not more, as it's his role to be
a teacher and a chronicler."

Lucy cleared her throat. "Anything else?" Both
Galliards thought for a moment, and then Malcolm
spoke up.

"Yeah, I've got another one. Maybe this is just the
septs I've frequented of late, but does it seem like the
Gatekeeper tends to be a Galliard?" Samir nodded. "I've
been thinking about why that is. I mean, it makes sense
for the Warder and the Wyrm Foe to be Ahroun, but why
shouldn't the Gatekeeper be a Philodox or a Theurge,
given their tasks, rather than a Galliard? My guess is that
we just fall into that role because it's the most social of the
major sept positions."

Samir rolled his eyes. "I think it's coincidence. Higher-
ranked Galliards often get taught the secrets of moon
bridges. I think it just happens that Galliards take the role
of Gatekeeper often enough to be noticeable, but I don't
think it's any kind of real trend."

Malcolm shrugged. "Like I said, I've been visiting a
very specific type of sept the last few years, so I'll concede
that I can't support this very well. But really, if I ever
decide to sue for a sept position, it'll be Gatekeeper.
There's just something about the job that appeals. You
get to deal with... let's see," he ticked the titles off his
fingers. "The caern's totem, the lunes on the moon
bridge, visiting Garou, leaving Garou, and you get to
choose emissaries. It speaks to the leadership-oriented
side of our auspices, because Gatekeepers kind of get to
manage others. They get to be the first to greet incoming
guests a lot of times, and that gives them first crack at
news or good gossip." He shrugged. "I don't know, makes
sense to me." He tooka drink from his bottle of water, and
Samir took the opportunity to speak again.

"Ofcourse, Galliards wind up performing some pretty
important rites for the sept. Naturally, anybody can learn
any given rite, but a few rituals fall naturally under our
purview. Probably the most important is —"

"The Gathering for the Departed." Malcolm cast his
eyes downward as he said it. Samir didn't notice.

"No, actually, | was going to say the Rite of
Accomplishment. Don't get me wrong — the Gather-
ing is certainly important. But it just seems to me that
the responsibility to the dead could just as easily be
fulfilled by a Theurge, whereas the duty of helping
younger Garou along their paths is best served by
someone who can make them feel proud of their
achievements and help them remember what lessons
they've learned." Lucy nodded, and looked to Malcolm
for a rebuttal. He had one ready.

Chapter Four: Ofd Stories and New Songs

Cl wane

See sen er amecere ree Nn eee

"You could just as easily say the reverse, though.
Why not have a packmate of the guy receiving the Rite
of Accomplishment perform it, or at least a tribemate? A
Philodox, for example, might represent the recipient's
deeds more faithfully than a Galliard. But I see your point.
The thing about the Gathering for the Departed, though...
how to put this." Malcolm pursed his lips and ran his hand
over a leather band around his left wrist.

"OK, try this. Funerals among normal humans aren't
really for the deceased. They're to help the living deal
with the fact of death, and so there's a lot of talk about
remanding the person's soul to God, blah blah blah.
Honestly, I think that's because human funerals have lost
a lost of their celebratory aspects. Oh, you'll see it
sometimes —I've been to Irish wakes — but every human
funeral I've been to feels like there's something missing,
something that everyone wants to say but can't quite put
their finger on it. They used to know it, I'm guessing, but
as people have grown apart from ancient traditions, their
funerary rites have dwindled to just another showpiece
for their hollow faith, just another way to bargain their
way out of a similar fate.

"Our rites have some of the ‘go to Gaia' aspect, but
mostly it's about celebrating the deceased's life and/or
seeking retribution as necessary. It's more about the
werewolf who's just died, and putting everything right
with him so that he, in turn, can return to guide his
descendants. And given that even the more ‘primitive'
tribes look at it that way, I'm guessing that's the way it's
always been. You talk about making sure that stories have
a lesson — what better way to make sure the lessons
survive than by ensuring that the venerable dead have
somewhere to go?

"And, yeah, maybe a Theurge could handle the
spiritual side of things. But if there was ever a time for
acting as a spin doctor, baby, it's during a Gathering."
Malcolm grinned, but the look behind his eyes was sad.
He'd obviously performed one or two Gatherings himself.
"As long as the deceased wasn't tainted and didn't bring
shame on his sept and tribe, a good Galliard can always
find something good to say. The Gathering isn'ta time for
brutal honesty. It's a time to send someone off into the
great hereafter," he paused and looked at Samir, "or the
great unknown, in some cases, secure in the knowledge
that they served Gaia. No human eulogy ever comes close
to that, because they don't have the same assurance that
we do. And that's in large part why we're not just
‘reporters' or ‘storytellers' — even our so-called oral
traditions are more history than mythology."

Samir let out a quiet "hmmph" but didn't interrupt.

"I think it's worth mentioning, too," continued
Malcolm, "that cliath Galliards and higher-ranked
Galliards have very different roles." Samir cocked an

87
i

|

Serna rane ere nee i av ry ma rem morerensmnerensrea

eyebrow, but nothing in his face revealed if he agreed or
not. Malcolm went on. "Elder Galliards have started to
grasp a pretty essential truth of storytelling that anyone
who's studied folklore already knows — it's all been
done before."

Samir groaned. "Great Gaia, not this old chestnut.
No original stories? That what you're going to say?"

"Not exactly. Just that the higher-ranking folks in
our auspice have heard all of the ancient tales of their
tribe, their sept, and probably most of the Garou Nation.
That gives you two possibilities, provided you aren't still
witha pack. Either take a sept position, and we've already
mentioned that Gatekeeper is a popular choice, for
whatever reason, or travel the world and fill in the gaps
in your repertoire."

The conversation paused for several uncomfortable
seconds. Each of the rivals watched the other, apparently
expecting the other to interject with some comment
about his globetrotting. Surprisingly, neither did. Samir,
however, spoke before Malcolm could continue.

"Well, just in response to your ‘seen it all' theory,
why, then, do we travel the world? If you've heard all
possible stories, why do you go looking for new ones —
especially in the caerns you visit? You think the Talons
are going to tell you something you haven't heard?"

Malcolm growled, and his bare arms rippled as the
muscles began contorting. Lucy laid a hand on his shoul-
der and shook her head, and he took a breath. "Touché."

Samir smirked, but didn't press the issue of Malcolm's
wanderings. "I think that exactly the opposite of what
you suggest happens as Galliards get older. I think that
they realize that in each and every fable is a real experi-
ence, one that just might turn the tide of the war. And
sometimes the only way to learn the truth is to seek it out
and hear the stories as close to firsthand as possible. If that
means you learn stories from some old, grizzled werewolf
who hasn't left his home sept in a decade, then you make
the trek to that sept. Either way, you're continuing a zest
for learning stories that begins... before the First Change,
I suppose."

Malcolm shook his head. "I don't know about that.
A lot of the Galliards I've met only started getting into
the storyteller side of themselves after joining a pack."

The Cabbard bo the Pack

"You've never been part of a pack, have you, Samir?"
The Silent Strider considered taking offense at the question,
butMalcolm'stonedidn't imply any malice orone-upmanship.

"No. I was supposed to once, and it fell through
pretty explosively."

Malcolm nodded. "I was ina pack for a while. Couple
of years, really. But what do you think a Galliard's role in
a pack should be?"

88
——

ne 7

It was a gamble, and all of the Garou present knew it.
Malcolm was allowing Samir to speak first, banking on
his ability to make better points when his time came to
answer. Samir didn't look nervous, however. "Well, we
said something about ‘reporters' earlier. Frankly, J think
that's a pretty good analogy. A Galliard is an investiga-
tive reporter par excellence, or should be, anyway. He's
got to remember what happens to the pack, and that
means that while its often the Ahroun that gets the pack
up in the morning to train and practice tactics, the
Galliard is one watching his pack and making sure they're
doing what they should be. Which means Galliards aren't
often alphas, but we make natural betas.

"The Ahroun may be able to smack down the other
Garou in the pack, but the Galliard has a different form
of authority. Since it's the Moon-Dancer who tells the
stories of the pack's exploits, either at a moot or to the
Talesinger, a pack's Galliard gets to determine how the
entire pack looks to the sept. That can make a big
difference in terms of renown, which in turn can make or
break a werewolf who wants to challenge fora higher rank
or ask to be taught a new Gift."

Samir gave Malcolm a sidelong glance before con-
tinuing. "Ofcourse, no right-thinking Galliard would use
that advantage to manipulate or coerce his packmates.
That kind of thing is definitely dishonorable, and I've
heard stories of Galliards undergoing the Voice of the
Jackal for that kind of shit." Malcolm smirked, but didn't
interject. "Likewise, a while a Philodox makes a good
representative from a sept or a pack during times of peace,
you're better off with a Galliard in times of war. We've got
‘people skills,' as annoying as that term is, and we can use
them to smooth over a misunderstanding, or fan it into a
full-scale war.

"Here's an example of that kind of skill. | wound up
running with a pack in Ireland for a while — basically, I
needed a favor from Owl once, and the trade-off was that
[hang out with this pack fora month orso. Anyway, their
Galliard was a sneaky bitch. She was a Bone Gnawer, and
she could hang out and punch shoulders with just about
anybody.

"Well, this pack was having trouble with this annoy-
ingly evasive pack of Dancers. So the Galliard scouts
around the city for a while, finds the Dancers, and
actually introduces herself. Don't ask me how she did this
without getting torn apart. She's real subtle about it, but
basically she lets it slip that her pack is about a whisker
away from walking the Spiral. She hangs out with them
for a while — rumor has it she even sat in on one of their
rites, but that's not confirmed — and then finally she says
she's ready to sell out her pack.

"Ofcourse, she led the Dancers right into an ambush.
But they bought into it, all because she took to the time

Book of Auspices

OL


to communicate with the twisted bastards, to learn their
names and their personalities, to chat them up — in
short, she gained their trust." He paused to sip his drink.
"She was the quintessential waning-moon Galliard. If
she had been waxing, maybe she could have convinced
one of those Dancers to repent?"

"Yeah, right," muttered Malcolm.

"Anyway, in addition to watching everything going
on and keeping tabs on his packmate's activities, and
occasionally stirring emotions to a fever pitch, a Galliard
also has to be a kind of cheerleader."

Malcolm groaned. "Rah, rah, Gaia. You're right,
though. A big part of any Moon-Dancer's job is making
sure that his pack doesn't fall into despair. Let's face it; we
all see shit that makes us want to give it up. Buta Galliard
has a big advantage — we can see it in terms of a story."

Samir rolled his eyes. "Now, that's deep."

"Just hear me out, OK? The Half-Moons are the only
other auspice with our appreciation for history, and they
only get the bare facts, for the most part. So let's take, for
example, a pack that sees a river slimed to death by
pollution. The Realm is bad, the Umbra is worse, and the
whole pack is just standing there feeling like hell, because
what can they really do?

"The Ahroun might see Banes that need killin'. The
Philodox knows that the Litany commands the pack to
clean this up. The Theurge is probably half in tears at the
damage to the local spirits, and the Ragabash... who
knows? But the Galliard sees this sludgy river and remem-
bers a story about something similar that happened in the
past — even the very recent past — and a tactic that
might be of some use. Or, at the very least, he can tell a
story that might lift the pack's spirits out of the doldrums
and get them movingagain. The Ahroun and the Philodox
can go being tactician and lawman, respectively, using
the Galliard's story as a starting point—"*

"What, so we're the fucking idea men?" Samir waved
his hand in the air as though trying to clear smoke. "Oh,
for God's sake, no. We may be able to tell some stories and
lift some spirits, and that's great, but every situation is
different. Learning the histories is important, but we're
out there making new stories every day. It falls to us to
make sure the legends of tomorrow are told and retold, so
that Garou the world over know that there are some
warriors of Gaia out there who are doing their jobs. You
keep telling stories about the distant past, and the younger
werewolves lose touch, just like human youths do when
they're asked to believe in the Bible or the Quran or some
other ancient — and totally inaccessible — text."

Malcolm stood up and raised his hands in frustration.
"So we're supposed to dumb down millennia of learning
so that the last generation can understand it? No way. I
think that we're teachers before interpreters."

Sesame emcee reece Nn ee

"That's really at odds with your reputation, and some
of the stuff you've said already," Lucy observed.

"My reputation has nothing to do with my presenta-
tion of legends or stories of other Garou, thank you very
much," said Malcolm, a bit more curtly than was probably
politic. "And I've said nothing so far that indicates I'm in
favor of altering the content of our heritage to suit the
less-than-competent attention spans of today. In cases of
political expediency, it might be all right to doctor things
a bit—*

"Jesus, can you hear yourself, Malcolm?" Samir also
stood up in disgust. "You're saying it's not acceptable to
put a story in a more modern context so that a modern
listener can understand it without an hour of explana-
tion, but itis acceptable to lie about the contents of astory
in order to manipulate the listener? You should work in
Hollywood."

Both Galliards went quiet for a moment. Lucy saw
that they had locked gazes and that both had bared their
teeth. She stood up and gave them both a shove that sent
them sprawling over the benches. "It's not that kind of
challenge, boys. Get back to it before I declare it a draw."

Samir and Malcolm muttered apologies toward Lucy
and took their seats again. Lucy continued. "Right, I
think we've about covered a Galliard's role in the pack.

What's next? The tribe?"
Ti Cealdards of the Toles

"Very tricky topic," began Samir. "Each of the tribes
has a very special and specific culture, and stories figure
into all of them in different ways. I'd better start with the
ones I know best, like my own tribe.

"The Silent Striders, of course, often trade stories
and news for shelter and food. Other tribes do the
"wandering storyteller" thing occasionally, but of course
we're the best at it — we've had more practice. Very
often, the news we bring is bad and the stories more
warning than entertainment, which is probably why I
like to tell stories that are both true and accessible. If a
story is just for entertainment purposes, a Strider will say
that at the get-go. If it's a warning, he'll sacrifice poetry
for utility — sometimes." Samir paused. "Now, as far as
other tribes—*

"Not going to mention the Pakiv Swatura, Samir?"
Malcolm gave his rival an insolent smirk. Noting Lucy's
questioning look, he said, "Absolutely beautiful. It's a
form of storytelling through dance. You need a real
appreciation of the art form to understand any kind of
story being told that way, but watching the dancers spin
themselves i in 1 the air is pretty impressive i in and of itself."

Chapter Four: Ofd Stories and New Songs 89

————E—

2
=|

a AA"

"Actually, yeah. Anyway, that's my tribe. I spend a
lot of time in urban septs, and so I've met a few Galliards
of the two urban tribes. You might think they've got
similar tastes, but the truth is that their storytelling
couldn't be more different.

"Glass Walkers lean towards multi-media more than
any other tribe, of course. Their Galliards are as likely to
be graphic designers and animators than conventional
storytellers, or at least they'ré more likely to use technol-
ogy alongside conventional storytelling. Likewise, they
wind up in charge of thé a lot of the information dissemi-
nation for the tribe,.whieh means a lot of Glass Walker
Galliards are proficient with surveillance equipment —
bugs, wiretaps, miniaturejeameras, that kind of thing.
Also, they'll incorporate technological spirits into their
‘presentations' and the whole thing ends up feeling
midway between-eséminart and a cult meeting. It's scary
at times, but pretty damned original, too.

"The Bone Griawets/'On the other hand, get pretty
down and dirty when telling stories. There's a real
street-performer vibe to them, Their Galliards like to
tell tales from the trenches, and they'll walk around
while talking, (pull people up from the audience to
illustrate points, and tailor their stories to their home
city, even if it took place thousands of years ago." Samir
paused to relish Malcolm's disapproving look. "I love it.
To me, that's exactly how storytelling should be. Re-
member what I said earlier, about how modern Galliards
are out there in the world, making the new legends? The
Bone Gnawers embody*that idea. Their Galliards are
well connected, andynot just with humans. You'd be
surprised what a stray cat sees."

"Thaven't beemto a lot of urban caerns recently, so
I'll just"take your word on those two tribes," said
Malcolm. "But out in the Woods, the focus is still on
the older, more traditional stéfies and *teéthods of
telling them. Makes sense — not a lot of TV or movies
for them to base stuff on.

"Just to go with the most extreme example of that,
consider the Red Talons. You'd expect them to just howl
real loud, right? Turns out they'yé got minds like steel
traps, pardon the expression. They remember every-
thing, just to make sure they get the details ofa&tory right.
Plus, they tell stories tharshave been passed,down for
centuries or longer, pretty muchainchanged, because the
Talons don't reckontime thé same way we do. In fact,
there's one Talon sept inPoland"

"Malcolm, focus." Lucy sttetched her back.

"Right, sorryAnyway, Talon Galliards don't just
tell the stories,they're¢harged with making sure that the
right facets of them/get emphasized."
yy "That's really something all Galliards should do,"

remarked Samtir.

90
>,

"Yeah, it is, but it doesn't always happen that way.
Ever been to a Silver Fang moot? The stories those guys
tell, my god. To listenito them,.the Fangs are completely
blameless, and are totally down to save the world with
nary a muscle strain, just as soon as the stars are in
alignment. Silver Fang Galliardsare brought up on Silver
Fang legends from day one, taught about Silver Fang
heroes and Silver Fang kings, fed Silver Fang
Crunchies, . .." He shook hishead, "It's no wonderthey're
so goddamnedtunnel-visioned about their stories."Samir
grunted,uncomfortably and shifted. "What?"

"Nothing. I've only ever met one Silver Fang Galliard,
and I hate to say it, but he was pretty much just like you
describe. But I'd also point out that he was an older guy
— an Elder, actually — and wasn't at all well when I
spoke with him. He told me some old legends, and they
really did have this kind of Russian fairy-tale feel; very
grim, yet heroic."

"You'll find that doesn't change muchsfrom Fang to
Fang. Even their lupus Galliards aré like that. 1 think they
over-teach them. Might be' thé same problem with the
Fianna—"

"Hold on there, chief." Samir held up a hand. "The
Galliards among the Fianna are the measuring stick by
which we should all be judged. You think I'm full of shit?
Ever seen the Fianna go into battle? Their Galliards are
leading the way with war drums, bagpipes, war howls, and
whatever the hell else they can get their hands on to freak
out their enemies. And when it's all over, they can tell the
story with enough firéand passion to make you feel like you
were really there. I hung out with a Fianna Galliard for a
while south of here, right after I got back into the States,
and asked her whathad been going on. She told me about
how she'd seen'a caern fall, andyyou know, after she was
done, we attually drove two hours to a city to go hunting
vampires because I was too pumped up tosleep. You'll never
hear a Fianna Galliard say ‘You had to be there.'

"Really, althoughrthe Fianna get a lot of the good
press for their Galliards, I've gotta say that the Get of
Fenris have a pretty good lock on the psychological
aspects of storytelling, too. Be it toséare thebejeezus out
of enemies or get everybody‘in thesffiood to fight, the
Skalds of the»Get can do'the job. Their storytelling is
interaétive, much-likesthe Bone,Gnawers; they'll grab
you out of your seat and use you asa dummy for battle
scenes. If you're lucky, they staysin,Homid férm while
they do it. Théy sometimes suffer from thé'same kind of
thingthatthe Fangs do—everything's gotta be aboutthe
Get and their glorious warriors and noble self-sacrifice —
but then, most.of their stories are war stories and their
standards for fighters are*pretty high."

"What, and like ours aten't?" Malcolm creased his
eyebrows pettilantly. "The Shadow Lords aren't always

Seren sr es asweere: resem Nes me

skulking around at night plottitg to assassinate the Silver
Fangs, you know»Our Galliards know adot of dirty secrets
about everybody, and that requires'that we be good at
allegory, implication, afd, yesslies. Tea¢hing our lupus
how to.tella story)withéut naming.names"is a big
challenge, but sinéé@lot of our best stories are better left
as fables, it'siecessary. You want-to kndW-about using
lore and storiés to'scare an enemy?The best kind of story
is the kind that‘ends with a big fuck-you, or at least a twist
ending. We use stories to make.people comfortable, get
them drinking, make them laugh — andtthen, in with the
knife." Samir looked at his drink quizzically. Malcolm
laughed out loud. "Oh, givemme a break. We reserve that
treatment for our,enemies, or worst Tivals at least."

"That doesn't makeymesfeel any better."

Malcolm smiled:"Wasn't meant to." He leaned over
the tableand grinned. "Hey," he said quietly, "ever seen
a Black Spiral Dancer Galliarditella story ?" Samir cocked
his head carefully.."I have. You want to'talk'about some
scary shit? It was like beingata tent revival in the seventh
circle of Hell. Everybodythete was screaming and gibber-
ing and howling, while this crazy bitch was rolling all over
the floor and yelling out prophecy and half-snarled sen-
tences, changing shape. It was intense. Not great
storytelling, but intense. I don't have the first clue what
the subject matter of the ‘Story' actually was, but man,
after it was over, everybody there was ready to go. That's
about the time I lityout for friendlier climes."

Malcolm noted the looks on the other two
werewolves' faces and cleared histhroat. "Anyway, speak-
ing of incomprehensiblestories, I had the good fortune —
I guess — of watching aStargazét Galliard.perform once.
Ever see Japanesé Noh drama? It's very archetypal, and
very hard to follow. if you're not Japanese and haven't
studied theatre. Stargazer storiesare a little like that. The
characters are recognizable on some level, almost instinc-
tively, but the présentation is veryformal. They don't
have the same level of passion that most Garou do, but
they're still very intense, if that makes any sense. Their
stories won't get you fired up to go kick ass, but they'll sure
get you thinking."

"Children of GaiayGalliards ‘ate like that, too, I've
found," murmured,Samit, looking around carefully to
make sure the sept's Gatekeeper wasn't listening. "It isn't
that they aren't passionate, but dammit, they don't seem
to get that we're warriors and that blood and guts are OK.
Not everything has to have a happy ending. In fact, it
probably won't. I thinkthattheirMoon-Dancers feed the
tribe's general délusions about winning the War through
non-violenée. I adfait I'm biased on that subject — too
much.time in the Middle East, I guess."

"No, I'm with you. But that may be too much time
among the Talons," chuckled/Maleolm. "Well, on the

Chapter Four: Old Stories and New Songs

eo

ame


a

a A

other side of the coin, the native tribes have both passion
and blood in good measure." He smiled and looked past
Samir at the carvings on an ancient oak, glyphs he knew
to be Uktena in origin. "It's funny, really. With the
Uktena, you get kind of psychological or supernatural
horror stories. A lof! Of their old tales involve ancient,
restless spirits and how to bind them, Rumor has it that
their Galliards are taughit howto relay important infor-
mation in allegorysan@still telljan_ interesting story. I
don't know#if that's true in all cases, but Phav€ noticed
that the Uktena stories I've heard seem just a little too
innocuous. Like there's always ayjoke I'm missing. Of
course, the other thing about the Uktena is that they'll
soak up any cultural concept that isn't nailed down, so
youcan get anything fromssand paintings to shared stories
to interpretive dance in an Uktena moot.

"Now, the other surviving Pure Tribe, the Wendigo,
though... wow. Their stories are brutal and bloody, but
still retait that kindgof mystical ‘Thing-That-Should-
NotBe' ambiance. Theyyput a lot of emphasis on main-
taining 6ld'tradition through stories, and claim that in
those stories are keys to beating our worst_enemies*™
Leeches, Banes, even the Dancers,.hd6h't know how the
hell they'd know,sittélwe Europeans brought a lot of
those problems with us when we crossed over, but then,
‘the' Northern lightsshave seen queer sights,' right?"

Lueystiitked. "1'll have that poem running roughshod
through my head all night now."

Malcolm grinned at <aéf "Sorry. Anyway, the
Wendigo Galliards have some pretty specific methods of
telling stories. Often, it's agroup thing — the bravest or
most honored warrioxsiget to stand up and take on the
roles of the winnifig side ) storys while the younger
or just unlucky sept members get to pretend to lose."

"Yeah, I've seen that kind of thing. Actually, the
Uktena do it too, and I've seen the Children pick up on
some of that. Traditions spread," Samir shrugged. "It's
probably good forus. Who'd we miss?Oh, right, the Black
Furies." He drummed his fingers on thesfable. "On the
one hand, theyitellis6me beautifultales. The play flutes,
lyres, and so forth, and sifig songs that are just haunting.
Some are funny, most ate just moving. But then I hear
stories of what the Furies teally do when they tell stories,
the really wild, Bacchanalian stuff. Mad women in the
woods, calling down the heavens and bringing in spirits
to illustrate their sagas. Never seen it, and I didn't hear it
from a reliable source, $0 I don't know. And no sane man
ever gets near a Fury sept without being invited, so I'm not
likely to find out."

Malcolm nodded. "Yeah, I don't think I could pass as
female, even if | can pass as lupus sometimes." Neither
man noticed Lucy's smile.

Growing Up Calard,

The sun had begun to creep behind the trees, and
from somewhere in the distance, a howl sounded. All
three Garou perked up, trying to identify the howl, and
then nodded as they recognized it as an alpha summoning
his pack. "That'd be Jesse Bane-Skinner. Young Ahroun.
Seems pretty competent."

Samir chortled. "Needs to learn to howl, though."

"Easy for you to say," retorted Malcolm. "Probably was
busy learning to fight. Is there a Galliard in Jesse's pack?"

Lucy thought for a minute. "Yeah. A young lupus
called Underfoot."

"That's a great image," Malcolm laughed. "Bet she
had something funny happen on her Rite of Passage."

Lucy slapped a hand on the table. "There's a good
question, experts. What about a Galliard's young life and
Rite of Passage? What kinds of things should happen to
turn them into perfect Galliards like yourselves?" Malcolm
gave her a polite smile, but Samir grimaced.

Gabbard at Cole

"I don't know who claimed to be ‘perfect,' but I'll
answer the question. Of course it depends on breed as to
what kind of young life a Galliard has, even after the First
Change.

"Homid Galliards are often the types of people that
remember stuff. Movie quotes, song lyrics, what people
say and why. They tend to be confidants — right up until
the Curse takes hold. More often than not, we're relieved
to find out we're werewolves, just because it's nice to find
out that it isn't our fault that our friends have stiddenly
started avoidingus; Onceahomid Galliard starts under-
going training as a Garou, we tend to delve pretty deeply
into the most exotic legends we can find. I hate to admit
it, but like Malcolm says, coming from a modern culture
that bombards us with imagery and information all the
time, it's easy to get jaded. But knowing — or believing,
at least — that these stories really happened'makes it that
much more exciting. A homid Galliard can keep his
uncle up all night asking ‘and then what happened?"

"Lupus Galliards, on the other paw—"

"Ten points from you, Malcolm," groaned:Lueys

"Sorry. Feral Galliards alsovhave great memories pre-
Chatigel! They remember where the herds go for safety,
where the dangerous parts of the forests are, what time of
year the creek floods, and so forth. Just like in Garou packs,
they aren'tusually alphas, but make great betas— not great
tacticians or bullies, but good at keeping the others in line,
if that makes any sense. Once wolf-born Moon-Dancers
Change, they tend to learn very quickly. There's some-
thing about a Galliard's natural bent towards memory and
storytelling that also helps in reconciling the wolf-heart
and human-mind—*

92 Book of Auspices

_

OL

|


"Huhg"

"Softy. Quick explanation: Animal instinct and
humanganalysis often run counter to each other. Recon-
ciling them is tough for.anyofusybut especially for lupus,
in my opinion. Bur Galliards seem to have an easier time

big advantage, ni ‘guess Wey' Te |
from day one. Whether they're treate %
they get to hear these stories all their lives, so when their
First Change comes and they get to participate, they'te
two steps ahead of Galliards of the other breeds." He
paused to sip his water, and then raised a finger. "It just
occurred to me that a lot of the metis Galliards I've seen
incorporate a lot of self-deprecating humor into their
stories. Lots of times it's centered on whatever their
particular handicap is. Knew agfnetis Galliard at one
point who was blind. He could get around all. night — his
other senses were frighteningly keen — buthe'd trip over
people or bump into trées- ‘during stori it would be
funny. Stuff like that," He looked a at Samii a know
what I mean?" ‘ :

Samir nodded. "Yeah, wesecn 1 eects
inEgypt name of Exalted-of-Gaia. She was allergic to
silver — I mean, really allergic. She's break out in hives
if it got too neanher, her eyes would burn, stuff like that.
She'd useithat to make fun of any har
her sépt carrying a klaive or silver bullets kind of like,
‘what are you, nuts" She wasa eeper, cometo think
of it."

"A metis Gatekeeper?" Malcolm shook his head.

Lucy and Samir both/ glared at him. "So?" they
chorused.

"Nothing, I guess. That's fine. Anyway, so what's
typical of all young Galliatds? Good memory?"

‘Right," said Samir. "Respect for history, interest in
stories, obviously."

"Language," said Lucy. The other two werewolves
turned to her. "Sorry, go ahead."

"No, you're right," said Samir. "Most lupus and metis
Galliards seem to learn human languages pretty quickly,
and I've seldom met a homid who spoke only one lan-
guage. How many do you speak, Malcolm?"

"You first."

Samir thought. "Four. English, Spanish, Arabic, and
Garou."

Malcolm frowned. "Garou doesn't count, that's in-
stinctive. We can all do that."

"Not equally well."

"Yeah, OK, that's true," the Shadow Lord conceded.
"And, not to brag, but the Moon-Dancers pick up on it

Seren sr amwaere reese Nn eee

easily. Probably because a lot of the good stories get told in
Garou, so we've got to learn the nuances to tell them right."

Lucy poked Malcolm in the arm. "How many lan-
guages, Malcolm?"

Malcolm blushed. "Two, fluently. English and French.
I can get by in a lot of others, though."

The Rss of Fawage

Samir chuckled. "Guess you haven't been around as
much as I'd heard."

Malcolm scratched his temple with his middle fin-
ger. "So, anyway, these cubs with good memories and
language skills and a nose for news go through a lot of
training. We don't tend to get taught how to tell stories,
I've found. That kind of thing is hard to teach, and
besides, every Moon-Dancer's got his own style. Mine's
nothing like my uncle's was. What we're taught is the
importance of doing it, and the reasons for that impor-
tance vary."

"And we've already heard 'em," interjected Lucy.
"What about the Rite of Passage?" Both Galliards began
talking at once, and_Eucypraiséed her hands. "Whoa!
Samir?"

"Bhank you," he Said, striling'Sweetly. "OurRiteS of
Passage diffétby tribe, of cotitse, but muchiOf the time,
they involvetelling or re-tellinga storySometimes, we'll
have'tosfind a story; getting it oub/6f a spirit or afiother
werewolf, Others, we'll need to.
keeping with what a ment teaches us, though?"

"Yeahiyusually,"gro led Malcolni. "Unless youftnen-
tor is astieaky fucker like mine was. My Rite oftPassage
was fun. He sent mé out frito,the woods and then tsed a
Gift to call a Wyrm-creattire. knew exactly what the
howl meant, so here I am, in the middle of the night in the
forest, waiting for said Wyrm-creature to jump me."

Samir frowned. "What the hell was the point of
that?"

"It took me a long to time to figure it out, but I think
it wasa test of my courage and my ability to adapt toa fluid
situation. Which, when you think about it, is important
to any Garou, but very important toa Moon-Dancer. We
can't afford to lose our heads no matter how bad things
get, because we're the ones the other Garou look to for
support and inspiration." He cast his eyes down. "I guess
I did all right, because | passed the Rite and everything,
but to this day I question the wisdom of my mentor's
challenge. What if he'd called up something really hor-
tific, something I couldn't handle?"

Lucy patted Malcolm's shoulder. "I'm sure he knew
what he was doing."

Malcolm looked up and steeled his face again. "Yeah,
probably. But as Samir said, that's not typical of our
initiations. It's usually does involve a test of cunning,

Chapter Four: Ofd Stories and New Songs 93

ee

i


Seamer cere eraser eres eaves sam are ann an remsmaorrensmnerensvh

memory, and skill. Sometimes diplomacy, sometimes
combat. Depends on the tribe. But we all have to tell the
story afterwards and make it sound good." The other
Garou nodded in agreement.

Life Gol

"After the Rite of Passage, though," Samir said,
"whether we go on to join a pack or not, the urge to
remember and retell is probably our most defining char-
acteristic. And our tendency to talk a lot and go off on
tangents."

"Actually, you guys aren't as bad," said Lucy. "I've
only had to reign you in a couple of times."

"Well, we are the perfect Galliards, right? Anyway,
as Galliards grow up, we start to see patterns, understand
how stories fit together — chapters, acts, climax, resolu-
tion, whatever. Living in Garou society is better than a
handful of degrees in theater, writing, and whatever else,
because storytelling is part of our heritage, and our
heritage is a living, breathing thing."

"You know, I said exactly thata while ago," Malcolm
reminded him. "Remember that bit about seeing things
in terms of a story? A Galliard can ask himself, ‘Where
am I in terms of the beginning and end of this matter?
If I were telling this tale at a moot, what would come
next?' Yeah, it's kind of a backward way to think about
aproblem, but it works more often than not." He cleared
his throat and took a drink of water. "Problem is, of
course, losing touch with reality."

Samir nodded vigorously. "If that ain't the truth.
Biggest problem with a lot of Galliards, they completely
forget that they aren't just living in a movie. They think
that a well-constructed plan should go off without a
hitch, that their enemies should behave consistently,
and that the ‘supporting cast' — like Kinfolk — should be
only too willing to support them no matter what. Real life
is a big letdown to us Gibbous Moons sometimes. I've
seen a lot of rank challenges structured around dealing
with a real problem, rather than a story about an old one."

"Rank challenges for Galliards can get pretty origi-
nal, that's for sure. They have to," Malcolm cracked a
smile, "because we've heard about all the old ones. That's
one reason it's often considered acceptable for Galliards
to challenge Garou of other auspices; it kind of guaran-
tees we can't just delve into our mental trove of stories
and figure out how to solve a problem."

Lucy broke in. "What's wrong with that, though?
What's the big deal about using the past to solve the
present's dilemmas? I'd think that's what Galliards are
about."

The two Moon-Dancers started to speak up simulta-
neously. Malcolm apologized and gestured to Samir.
"Well," Samir began, "nothing's wrong with it, per se. But

a 77

remember what I said about dealing with the real world?
The stories of the past have been streamlined over the
course of centuries, or even months, and that means
they're a little too clean sometimes. The rough edges —
all those pesky little details and setbacks that happen
during problem-solving, get glossed over. It often ben-
efits Galliards to have to face those problems. That's why
I try to stress that the stories | tell are stories, not true-to-
life renderings of events. Heck, the reason I can speak
until sunrise isn't that I rattle off my shopping lists, it's
that I know enough stories to do it. But that's a result of
practice — so our challenges involve spontaneity and
adaptation a lot. That's probably what your mentor was
after, Malcolm, though | still think that's a damned
freaky way to do it."

Malcolm nodded thoughtfully. "I challenged him for
the rank of Fostern, too, actually. Not sure why, after my
Rite of Passage. I guess I maybe I wanted to prove I wasn't
as chicken-shit as he thought I was." He paused and
glanced around them. The forest was growing dark and
the air had grown cool. He pulled his shirt back on. "He
sent me to a Get of Fenris sept and told me to compose a
song of glory about it. Never mentioned that he had a
reputation among the Garou there and they hated him,
and that they knew whose protégé I was."

"Yeah, mine was pretty similar, if not as unpleasant,"
said Samir. "I actually challenged a Philodox. He made
me solve a riddle — fucking complex one, too — and
made me explain my reasoning as I went. If] couldn't cite
a story at least a century old as my reason for making a
decision, he wouldn't accept it."

"So it's all about heritage, either remembering the
past or looking to the future," said Lucy quietly. The three
of them sat back in the gloom of twilight and looked
about, listening to the faint sounds of the sept preparing
for the moot. They didn't have much time left. "What
about the Umbra? Surely you guys have a place in the
spirit worlds."

Cabtards avd poh

"Of course we do," said Samir. "Some Galliards are
more at home there than others. It's always a bummer to
me when I go to Egypt, because it's dangerous to step
sideways ina lot of places. I love being in the spirit worlds
— besides the fact that it hones your ability to describe
things to all senses, you can gain some perspectives in
talking to spirits that you'd never get otherwise. Of
course, that requires being able to talk to them, which is
sometimes a pain."

"Ancestor-spirits are usually willing to talk." A pained
look crossed Samir's face. Malcolm covered his mouth
with his hand. "Oh, shit, I'm sorry. I completely forgot
that you—"

94 Book of Auspices

—_

——————

|


"It's OK. Not being able to talk to our ancestors just
means that my tribe remembers its history in other ways.
Writings, dances like the Pakiv Swatura you mentioned,
things like that. What's it like for you, talking with
ancestor-spirits?"

Malcolm considered. "It's... confusing sometimes.
They've got a very different take on thi ha
They, don't speak with the. c
expectpit's mote like t
anddon't learn much ere
Now, some are more lucid than others, and some
helpful, but I think i it's an important part of

ongoing battle to preserve heritage to be able to ini ef
what an an nag That mi

"4
Hes

more you know about context, the
tales make."

Cablard anid Xfolh

"What about our heritage now? Our human and wolf
Kin? You think that's part of your job? You guys feel like
you're responsible for them?"

"We're all responsible for our Kinfolk, Lucy." Malcolm
stood up to stretch. "But yeah, I see your question. With
our human Kin — with humanity in general — we've got
some major angst. We're not like the Ragabash, whom
the Curse hinders only slightly. We're just a notch below
the Ahroun in terms of raw Rage, and that means we're
limited in what we candosAvlorofus who choose to take
real profession/in the human tGtbe performers
of sorte kind. A certain amount Feccentricity isjpermit-
ted for actors, singers; andartists, and perform sus
aloof from our audiences — we can express ourse

without interacting, so we don't scare people.

"With Kinfolk, who aref't scaredoft us as a matter of
instinct, it'sa little different. Galliards tend more towards
monogamous-telationships that other auspices—"

"Don't know where you've been, friend." Samir was
also standing, stretching his légs like a runner. "A lot of
the Galliards I've seen are real sluts. Myself included. But
to be fair, it's not about sex, it's about passion. We spread
ourselves around because we like interacting too much to
be monogamous."

Malcolm shrugged. "OK. I think some Galliards stay
with one partner exactly because of that passion — they
find someone they can really click with, and that's a big
draw for us. I'd also remind you that you're a vagabond, so
you might have a different take on that sort of thing."

"So what are you?"

"Not a vagabond. Not by nature. I'm on a pretty
specific mission."

Samir cocked his head. "Like what?"

Se nen rr amecere reece Nn ees

Lucy stood up. "Uh, guys? Challenge? Galliards?
Remember? We need to wrap this up; the moot's going to
start in a sec."

Malcolm looked at Lucy and then back to Samir. "I
don't know, I can't really find fault with much of what he
said. I don't agree with all of it, but—"

"Yeah," Samir said, nodding. "I'd be happy to split
the duty tonight, if you'd be amenable. I mean, I know
you said you'd been asked to be Talesinger for services
rendered, so if that's the case..."

Malcolm gave a guilty laugh. "Oh, I was lying about
that. They did ask me, but it was because I was a guest and
I got here first. I'll trade off stories with you, though, if the
elders don't mind."

Lucy nodded. "They won't. I'll put in a word. Us
Galliards have to stick together." She dropped down to
Lupus form and trotted off into the forest as the Summon-
ing howls began to ring over the sept.

Samir looked at Malcolm. "Did you know she was—"

"A Galliard? No, I thought she was a no-moon."
Malcolm watched the wolf disappear into the trees.
"Wow. Now that's diplomacy." He shook his head and
looked up at the gibbous moon rising, and slowly changed
to Lupus form. Samir followed suit.

"Race you," said Samir, his tongue lolling out.

"Nice try," answered Malcolm. "Come on, let's go
before she takes the Talesinger position."

The two Moon- Dancers darted off towards the moot-
fires. There were tales to be told tonight, and many
werewolves waiting to hear them.

: Vihtng Soria

Playing a Galliard presents unique challenges to
both the players and the Storyteller. Some players might
feel intimidated by a Galliard's task of telling stories to
the group. Others might feel nervous about the responsi-
bility placed on them — if they do not represent the pack
well, the pack may lose Renown, but if the Galliard lies,
she risks her personal honor. Likewise, how much weight
should a Storyteller place on a player's presentation of a
story, especially if the character's Traits would indicate a
more sterling performance than the player can muster?
This section seeks to answer these and other questions.

On with the show!

Pata

All of auspices are multi-faceted, and the Galliard is
no exception. While the easy stereotype of the gibbous
moon auspice is that of "Lorekeeper" or "bard," there are
many other possibilities.

Chapter Four: Ofd Stories and New Songs 95

—————o

i \

OO ATO TT EE LL A TTY

One of the first decisions a player can make to flesh
out her Galliard character is whether that character is
born under the waxing or waning gibbous moon. Waxing
Galliards inspire their packmates with promises of re-
wards and victories, whereas waning Galliards goad their
fellows on by frightening them with tales of defeat. In
addition, waning Galliards are much more likely to use
their gifts (and Gifts) to manipulate their fellow Garou,
eliciting the emotions necessary to bring about a desir-
able end. Galliards of either stripe can be downright
Machiavellian if necessary — bringing a saga to success-
ful end might require methods that cause suffering (or
even Renown loss) in the short term.

Something a Galliard's player should consider from
the start is the character's relationship with her heritage.
Moon-Dancers are the keepers of oral history and lore in
asociety that passes down almost all of its wisdom in such
amanner. That means that no matter what tribe or breed,
Galliards cannot escape the songs of the past. How the
Garou feels about that should be a defining point in her
personality.

Below are six "archetypes" for Moon-Dancers, along
with notes on how they change when embodied by a
waxing and waning Galliard.

The Vliforian

Probably one of the most important and solid arche-
typal presentations of the Galliard, the historian is also
the Lorekeeper. She might focus more on learning and
collecting the stories of the past than on telling them, or
she might feel that stories are only as useful as the
talespinner makes them. The historian might be a tradi-
tionalist, telling stories in the Garou tongue exactly as
they were hundreds of years ago, or she might instead
choose to modernize them, moving their settings to the
cities, relating them to events in human history for the
benefit of homid Garou (who make up the bulk of the
Garou Nation, after all). A Glass Walker creating com-
puter-animated versions of her favorite stories embodies
this archetype as easily as a traditionalist Fianna bard
telling stories by the fire.

A historian might seek out legendry by venturing
through the Umbra, consulting with elder Garou, travel-
ing the world in search of forgotten lore, or by adventuring
with a pack and discovering the legends of tomorrow. She
might search for old prophecies, fora sign or an overlooked
detail that might win the war against the Wyrm. However,
the historian does not often create her own tales; she
instead hones her skills at recalling or presenting those
created and passed down by her forebears.

A waxing-moon historian has great respect for the
authenticity of the old tales, and seeks to present them as
faithfully as possible. A waning-moon sees legends as a

ee A A

means to an end, which means that changing a detail
here and there won't hurt anyone.

The Manipulator

Galliards excel at guessing and guiding the emo-
tions of others. When dealing with creatures as passion-
ate as werewolves, being able to successfully goad one's
fellows into one feeling or another is a powerful tool.
The manipulator is superb at this sort of "guidance" and
his greatest weapon is the ability to listen, rather than
talk. By finding out secrets, proclivities, and details
about others, he learns what buttons to push to elicit a
response and feed into others' emotions. He learns to
paint his enemies with the right brush so that his allies
will do his work for him.

However, the manipulator is not necessarily aschem-
ing bastard. The same archetype applies to those Galliards
who choose to be diplomats and counselors. Being able to
read emotions enables a Galliard to aid communication,
which means that these Moon-Dancers make superb
interpreters between tribes and breeds. They also com-
monly speak for their pack, even if not technically as
alpha. And, when Harano descends, the manipulator can
ease a werewolf back into the fight gently. "Subtlety" is
this Garou's watchword.

Manipulators don't care as much about the leg-
endry and heritage of the Garou Nation as a whole as
they do about the history of one particular subject. They
learn tribal histories because it enables them to know
how to play other Garou; learning stories about a tribal
hero's greatest victories — or dimmest failures — can
help a Galliard ingratiate herself. A Child of Gaia who
helps Ahroun cope with their anger is as much a ma-
nipulator as a Shadow Lord emissary trying to play one
sept against another.

Waxing-moon manipulators use their insights into
others' psyches to help them and smooth out differences
between parties. Waning-moons of this archetype, how-
ever, are the sorts of Galliards who gain reputations either
as skilled diplomats or consummate liars.

Ribbje-Rower

The Ragabash might poke fun and the Ahroun must
lead in battle, but the Galliard raises the banner high and
screams the war-cry, inspiring all around her to fervor.
The rabble-rouser is similar to the manipulator, but
doesn't attempt to direct emotion so much as inspire it. Of
the Galliard archetypes, the rabble-rouser is most likely
to lead a pack — she can't help but call attention to
herself anyway, and her personality is magnetic and
infectious. This isn't always a good thing, however — a
violent or brutal rabble-rouser leads a pack to similar
inclinations. Rabble-rousers are bundles of energy, and
are extremely proactive. This sort of Galliard will volun-

Book of Auspices

So

a

|


.

teer her pack for dangerous duty and then get them so
excited about the mission that they forget the peril.

The rabble-rouser can be an activist as well as a flag-
waver, though. If she sees something within the Garou
Nation that needs changing, this Galliard adopts it as her
personal cause. A Silver Fang Renewalist might embody
this archetype... as might a Red Talon calling for the
return of the Impergium. Rabble-rousers love exciting
tales, whether stories of recent victories over the Wyrm
or classic legends of epic battles.

A rabble-rouser born under the waxing moon is a
shining example of a warrior for Gaia. She takes her zest
for life and for her cause and runs with them, drawing all
around her into her whirlwind of passion. The waning-
moon rabble-rouser, however, stokes the fires of Rage to
afever pitch and draws her packmates into bloody battles,
where no quarter is asked or given.

The Artif

Notall Galliards tell stories by literally relating tales.
Just as many recite poems, sing songs, or give vent to their
muse through complex howls. Some choose even more
permanent forms of artistry; paintings, sculpture, even
fetishes. For these Galliards, the creativity involved in
telling a story outweighs the lesson contained therein
(though few artists would admit they feel this way) —
relating a tale is the artist's chance to shine asa performer.

"Shy" is not a word often associated with Moon-
Dancers, but some artists are indeed frightened of the
spotlight. It is these sorts of Galliards that compose beau-
tiful poetry, paint or draw pictures of their pack's exploits,
and otherwise create art that doesn't require the spontane-
ity and ability to think on one's feet that telling stories at
a moot does. These Garou find great difficulty reconciling
their task as keepers of heritage with their creative urges —
they want to present their own work, not re-tell the same
stories that their audiences have heard for decades. Others
are only too happy to re-interpret the past, but they are
anything but traditionalist. Maybe a tale of the Impergium
would make a good performance piece? Perhaps the story
of the War of Rage could best be expressed by a heavy metal
song? No matter what medium the artist works in, she must
put her individual stamp on all of her endeavors. Whether
Bone Gnawer street musician or a Silent Strider who
paints murals on walls as he travels, an artist resents being
told how to do her Gaia-given task.

Waxing-moon artists are exuberant and vivacious.
They often work in several different mediums and are
always willing to try a new method of expression. Wan-
ing-moons, on the other hand, are typically surly and
arrogant, believing that their methods are best. They
embody a more "tortured artist" archetype and focus on
the pain of the world as their inspiration.

Chapter Four: Old Stories and New Songs 97

>

meme

'

Seen re evens renee core nee ssa arr re re renner)

The Prophet

Theurges may be seers, but Galliards make the best
prophets. The language of a prophecy determines the
interpretation, and Galliards, of course, are masters of
language. The prophet may or may not actually be a
visionary. Ifhe is, he plays his oracular abilities to the hilt,
soaking up the attention befitting a modern-day Delphic.
If not, he makes predictions based on the most likely (or
most desirable) outcomes, couches them in the most
beautiful (and vague) terms possible, and works hard to
make sure his visions come true. The prophet under-
stands the utility of Destiny — if something was fated to
be, a certain amount of responsibility is lifted. After all,
a werewolf destined to sire a metis can't really be blamed
for his indiscretion, right?

Prophecy plays a large role in Garou history, and any
Galliard looking into this history will find that wars have
been fought and won over the interpretation of a small
snippet of prognostication. Being a prophet is a danger-
ous game — a prophet, as someone once said, is never
welcome in his own country — but some Galliards feel
their calling is to the future rather than to the past.
However, learning the old tales is still important, if for no
other reason than a Garou's ancestors' deeds might well
determine his own fate. Prophets therefore pay close
attention to Garou with strong Pure Breed and connec-
tion to their ancestors — destiny expects great things of
such werewolves.

As the Apocalypse approaches, prophecies appear
with great regularity (which isn't uncommon to any
culture with Armageddon obsessions). Garou prophets
are often called upon to interpret, clarify, rephrase, doc-
tor or even create portents and predictions, and Galliards
excel at all of these applications. While the Red Talons
have historically been renowned as seers, a Get preaching
tales of Ragnarok or an Uktena who foresees the awaken-
ing of the Great Banes have just as strong a place in the
prophet archetype.

Waxing-moon prophets attempt to bring hope to
their embattled fellows, reminding them that prophecies
rarely make sense until after they come to pass (meaning
that even the bleakest portent might have a silver lin-
ing). Prophets born under the waning moon are
doomsayers of the worst sort... but that doesn't mean
their predictions don't come true.

The Teather

All of the auspices have something to teach, but the
Moon-Dancers are arguably the best at it. After all, they
can teach by parable and by example almost instinctively,
or, if a pupil requires it, actually sit down and tutor more
directly. While most cubs spend time with a Philodox,
learning the Litany and other basics of Garou existence,

9

es,

ne Ae

it's the mnemonics and riddles taught by Galliards that
helps them remember these essentials.

Garou heritage is of paramount importance to the
teacher. She must know what cubs of all auspices and
breeds are traditionally taught and what challenges they
might face so that she can better prepare them. Her
lessons must be of direct, practical application — there is
no time for unnecessary schooling. These Galliards might
help young Garou find their own identities within their
tribe and as werewolves, help them decide what sorts of
rites and Gifts they wish to learn, and how to best use
these abilities once granted.

The methods of teaching vary greatly, of course. A
lupus Galliard might teach cubs via mock battles and
play, while a homid can use Socratic methods of instruc-
tion. The subject matter, of course, is not restricted to the
supernatural. A Black Fury teaching a women's self-
defense course is as much a teacher as a Wendigo training
cubs in the best use of the Rite of Cleansing.

A waxing-moon teacher makes sure that her stu-
dents understand the lessons and their utility, and
takes time with any "late bloomers" to ensure they
aren't left behind. A waning-moon teacher commands
aharsher classroom, so to speak, and anyone who can't
appreciate her methods is left behind — if they can't
handle a controlled environment, how will they cope
with the real world?

Confer Sage

Playing a Galliard means you must be the center of
attention sometimes. Some players choose the Galliard
auspice for their characters precisely because it affords
them time in the limelight. Some need a bit of help to rise
to the challenges of playing Moon-Dancers.

Practhoad Comcornt

For those players who have never set foot on stage, the
simple prospect of telling a story in front of others might be
daunting. Telling stories in character is a challenge for
anyone, Storyteller or player. A few simple things to keep
in mind when telling stories follow.

First, speak up. Many people mumble when nervous.
Enunciate and speak loudly enough that everyone at the
table (or whatever) can hear you.

Keep contact with your audience. Look at the other
players and the Storyteller. Making eye contact is op-
tional (it gives some people the giggles), but don't keep
your eyes downcast during the story. Likewise, keep your
focus. Actors are often trained to choose a fixed point in
the audience and speak to that point when delivering a
soliloquy ora monologue. That might be a helpful way to
keep your gaze up but not let it wander (which can make
your tale seem rambling).

Book of Auspices

—————

|


If you stand up to "act out" the story (which requires
no Mind's Eye Theatre rules at all, honestly) remember
that your character is probably performing "in the round."
Does she sit on a rock or stump to tell the story, or does
she pace around the fire, touching and otherwise inter-
acting with her audience? It's possible to tell an engaging
story either way.

Finally, while the story doesn't have to be rehearsed,
it's a good idea if you know where it's going. Don't ramble
—stick to the storyline and don't wander off on tangents
(lest the elders of the septs, in the form of the Storyteller,
cut your tale short).

The Character at the Sporypelfer

While getting up in front of people to speak can be
enough of a task, remembering to stay in character while
doing so can be difficult. When telling stories as your
character, keep the following in mind:

© Stay in character. This means that you know only
what the character knows. Think about your character
and her biases, her personal agendas, and her past expe-
rience and use that to color the telling of a story. Imagine
a story about a peace rally gone bad being told by a
demonstrator. How might it differ from the same story
told by a riot cop?

Beyond just simple agenda, though, remember to
play your character. Slip into third person occasionally
and narrate any actions your character takes. Does she
grab her packmates to illustrate dramatic moments? Does
she dance or change shape during the tale? Are there any
key phrases she uses that you might not?

© Don't recite. It can be tempting, especially for
players who aren't good "on the spot," to write out their
stories ahead of time and read them aloud. Don't do this.
It's far too easy to slip into monotone, and besides, if you
can't look at your audience, you can't play to them. If you
really feel uncomfortable about telling an improvised
story, you might consider rehearsing the story ahead of
time (just think of it like telling a joke or an anecdote to
your friends). Or, if you really feel that your skills as a
writer far outstrip your abilities as an actor, write up an
account of your character telling the story and make
copies for the players or email it around to the troupe so
that they can read it on their own time.

© Involve the other players. Even if this just means that
you pat them on the shoulders and say "Blood-Jaws leapt
down from the cliff, screaming a war-cry and brandishing his
spear," the fact that you remember each of the other
characters' contributions to the making of the story means
a lot to them. Plus, it's very much in keeping with the
Galliard's purpose in the pack — the character is there to
make them feela part of their Garou heritage and to raise the
spirits of her pack and sept. If the delivery of the story is dry
and distant, the players will forget that the story isabout them

Seren se amreare rene Nen ee

(ortheircharacters, atany rate). Another way to involve the
others, of course, is to do so directly, and let them tell part of
the story — "Of course, from my position on the field, I
didn't getaas good ofa look at the Black Spiral pack as Fangs-
Bite-Like-Winter. Fangs, tell the assemblage, please, what
did the monsters look like?"

Be original. Not all Galliards tell stories "the old-
fashioned way." Some use music, poetry, graphic design,
sculpture, or paint to express themselves. If you are gifted
in any such area, it might be worthwhile to create a
character with some similar skills, just so you can show
off. And even if you've never put paint to canvas, youcan
still describe the masterwork that your character creates.

lack Dynarlat

All of this is fine for the brief periods when the
character is telling stories at moots, but what about the
(much more frequent) occasions when the pack it out on
a mission? Each of the auspices has its own unique role in
the pack, and the Galliard's can be a little tricky to
understand and appreciate at first.

As stated earlier in this chapter, the Galliard needs
to be able to inspire the pack. This can mean working
them up into a frenzy (literal or figurative) before a battle
or talking them down when the situation becomes too
tense. "Inspiration" doesn't have to mean "good feel-
ings." The Galliard might find it necessary (or perhaps
just expedient) to drive her packmates towards despair,
fear, or even hatred some day, particularly if the Galliard
is born under the waning moon.

How does a Galliard inspire emotion? Anecdotes are
one way — the right sort of story, properly related to the
task at hand, can lighten everyone's mood, or make them
deadly serious. Likewise, a Galliard who plays an easily
portable instrument (like a harmonica) can provide a
musical backdrop to a situation, although unless you
actually play the instrument, you may need to remind
folks occasionally that your character is playing a given
song or type of music.

The Galliard is also often a diplomat, especially with
other Garou (being a diplomat to humans when one has
a high Rage is difficult, although some Galliards do
manage). This means the Galliard sometimes handles
introductions for the pack, even if she isn't the pack's
alpha. This requires the Galliard to know each of her
packmates by name (deed-name, at least), tribe, auspice,
and rank. The player, therefore, should probably write
this information down.

In fact, taking notes is a generally good habit for any
player of a Galliard werewolf, simply because it's her job to
collect and relate information at the end of a mission (or,
commonly, the end of a story). The Ahroun may lead the
pack and the Philodox interprets the old laws, but the
Galliard is the werewolf who has her hands directly in the

Chapter Four: Ofd Stories and New Songs 99

————EEEEE

a

oe a a nr a ATT

Seer ere rere cee sre se ovr remem)

ongoing story that is the pack's legacy. That means that she
has to dress that story up as needed, and present it for approval
atamoot—which means, in turn that the Galliard hasa form
of control over the pack's future, since she influences how
much Renown the members accrue. This can lead unscrupu-
lous Galliards into subtle intimidation and blackmail — one
extra sentence at a moot might allow a given Garou to garner
enough Renown to challenge for rank, after all. This means
that the Galliard is the wrong werewolf to anger. On the other
hand, too much of this sort of behavior can lead the other
members of the pack to take action in their own unique ways,
ranging from pranks to outright challenges.

Cuatt

Ofcourse, notall (oreven most) Galliards see their post
asameans to manipulating their packmates. "Each pack will
have unto itself a Quest," or so says the Prophecy of the
Phoenix. Those few words are meat and drink to a Galliard.
From the time she hears that part of the Prophecy and is
bonded to a pack, she is constantly on the lookout for signs
of her pack's quest. After all, if she can just identify what the
quest entails, of course she can figure her way to the end of
it (or at least the next step). The problem, of course, is that
when one is looking for signs, one inevitably finds them, and
pays little heed to their validity. A Galliard may construct
an elaborate fantasy about her version of the pack's quest
(which she may harangue her packmates with for days on
end, or may keep to herself, saving the story for entry into the
Silver Record) ...and then find that the pack's actual quest
has nothing to do with the story she's been concocting.

When ona mission or quest, a Galliard tends to focus on
the task at hand. Theurges may become distracted by spirits
and riddles along the way, Full Moons are busy with the
headache of leadership, but the Moon Dancers wish to see the
quest (and therefore the story) brought toa successful conclu-
sion. This function of the auspice actually ties neatly in with
the Galliards' role of cheering the pack — they become the
motivators, responsible for getting the pack moving again
after a setback. If the pack becomes stumped by a problem, the
Galliard might tell stories on an unrelated topic, just to put the
pack ina better (and hopefully more creative) frame of mind.

Sate

"Ina fight, weareall Full Moons," very famous Galliard
once said. To a point, that's true — fang and claw are often
the same regardless of auspice. However, each of the auspices
also has its own role before, during, and after a fight.

Before the battle is joined, the Galliard's role is one of
psychological warfare. The Gibbous Moons play their war-
drums (if possible) or just yell and scream, trying to drive
their packmates towards pitched battle fever... and trying to
unnerve their opponents. Gifts like Call of the Wyld and
Distractions aid in this sort of endeavor, as do fetishes like
the Thunder Drums (see below). If the pack knows in

10

——

ne Ae

advance what sort of foe they'll be fighting, the Galliard
often tells stories or sings songs the day before the fight
meant to belittle their enemies — mocking them, exagger-
ating their weaknesses and generally making it seem that
beating them will be no challenge. This is done partially to
quell fear, and partially to pass along any tactical informa-
tion that the "troops" might find useful. For example, if the
pack is attacking a Hive that follows a Bane-totem of
Insanity, the Galliards may admonish the troops never to
make eye contact with the Black Spiral Dancers who defend
it. The actual reason for this, of course, is that doing so might
result in gibbering madness, but the Galliard may say
something like, "The bastards are so ugly, one glance at their
slimy mugs and you'll lose your lunch! Keep your eyes on
their claws; that's the dangerous part, anyway."

During the battle, the Galliard acts in a supporting
role. Garou are strongest when they fight as a pack, and a
good Galliard is there in the thick of things, initiating pack
tactics. She may begin the battle by gouging a chunk of fur
from one opponent (thus setting up one of her packmates
to strike the soft flesh beneath) and then leap to the aid of
an ally locked in the jaws of another enemy. This kind of
approach allows her to support her pack, yelling encour-
agement and aiding those who need it, and also to get the
best view of the battlefield — multiple perspectives are
necessary for telling the story later. The Galliard often
winds up sacrificing personal glory for the glory of the pack
—she getsa large number of "assists," yes, but very few kills.
However, she also is able to laud her pack afterwards, and
during the moot, even if her claws didn't pull out the
enemy's heart, she is the center of attention because she
gets to describe the way it all happened.

That in mind, the Galliard's task after the battle is to
figure out what just happened. While it can be difficult to
remember for the players, battle is a highly fluid, stressful,
and confusing situation. When the smell of blood is in the
air and people are dying left and right, many werewolves
lose control of themselves and enter frenzy. A Galliard
cannot afford to do so if she intends to tell the story later.
But the Galliard has other tasks than storytelling directly
after a fight. She must help the other Garou analyze what
happened during the battle. What went wrong? What
weaknesses in the pack's strategy came to light? What
should the pack have done differently? The Galliard
doesn't even have to be a tactician — if the werewolf
would leave out a portion of the battle from the story
because it would make a packmate look bad, the pack
knows they have something to work on.

Aside from relating the tale of the battle at a moot, the
Galliard occasionally has a more unpleasant task to perform.
Whenapackmate orally falls in battle, the Galliard is usually
the Garou that enacts the Gathering for the Departed.

Book of Auspices

inion

|


|

Sitforat

Below are some new Gifts, rites, fetishes, and Merits
and Flaws suitable for Galliard characters. At the
Storyteller's discretion, of course, they might be appro-
priate for other auspices, but the Galliards won't let you
hear the end of it.

New Clfard ifs

Galliard Gifts, as always, help reinforce their connec-
tion with their heritage. Truly exception Galliards might
learn how to create that heritage in very direct ways.

° Perfect Recall (Level One) — As mentioned earlier
in this chapter, Galliards often share one trait even before
the Change takes them. That trait is memory. Moon-
Dancers often have good heads for detail; this Gift, however,
accentuates that capacity. Any Weaver-spirit can teach this
Gift, which is one reason it isn't more common.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point. The
Garou can then remember any one detail, no matter how
small, from her entire life. A name she only heard once, a
scent that she only smelled faintly — whatever the memory,
as long as she experienced it, she can call it to mind. Note
that this Gift does not provide context for the memory, but
using it can lower the difficulty on related rolls (remember-
ing a conversation the character had with his father about
cars might aid in fixing an engine, for example). The
Storyteller has final say over whether or not the character
has ever experienced a given detail.

© Unified Force (Level Two) — The Galliard can
bond the pack into a truly unified force, striking as one. As
longas no one in the pack succumbs to frenzy, each member
strikes at the same instant, and few foes can stand up to such
an attack for long. A wolf-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player must spend one Gnosis point for
each tur in which this Gift is to be active. Every turn that
she does so, each player rolls for initiative as usual, but the
entire pack acts on the highest initiative rolled (so if the
character's initiative totals wind up being 10, 8, 14, and 17,
the entire pack acts on 17, even if the pack's alpha wound
up with the 8). The entire pack must be present in the
battle for this Gift to be effective, and if even one pack
member frenzies, the effect is lost. Also, only pack mem-
bers bonded by a totem may enjoy these benefits. All pack
tactics are at —1 difficulty while this Gift is active.

¢ View the Battlefield (Level Three) — Moon
Dancers are renowned for their ability to be everywhere
at once during a fight. Some onlookers say that Galliards
have asort of innate sense of where they need to be during
a fight, either to witness a blood feud consummated or
simply to help an overwhelmed packmate. This Gift is
part of the reason for these tales, and allows the Galliard

Chapter Four: Old Stories and New Songs

Ne

Seen rr amecare reas ee

to see the entire battlefield in her mind's eye. A hawk-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Wits + Alertness. The difficulty varies based on the size of
the battlefield. One large room would be difficulty 5, while
a football field would be difficulty 7 and an entire forest
would be difficulty 9. If the roll succeeds, the character can
see the entire battlefield as if from above (and can look
through ceilings and the like to view the combatants
below). This makes ambushing the character nearly im-
possible, and allows her to know if any of her allies are in
immediate danger. Even if the character's sight issomehow
blocked (through use of the Gift: Shroud, for example) she
stillinstinctively knows the exact location ofherpackmates.
This Gift lasts for one turn per success on the initial roll.

© Book of Years (Level Four) — The Galliard taps into
afloodgate of knowledge from her ancestors. While the amount
of information thus received is overwhelming, the Garou, if she
keeps her head about her, can find information on nearly any
topic. An ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift, although certain
reptilian spirits have been known to impart it as well.

System: The player rolls Wits + Enigmas or Ancestors
(whichever is higher; the Garou need not have the Ances-
tors Background to learn this Gift) at a difficulty of the
local Gauntlet. The character falls into a trance and is
immediately immersed in a deluge of memories stretching
back to the dawn of time. This flood continues until the
character terminates the Gift, and the memories get older
the longer she remains in the trance. For every hour the
character remains under the Gift's influence, the memo-
ties stretch back roughly five centuries. For each hour that
the character remains in the trance, however, the player
must roll Willpower (difficulty 7) to keep the character
grounded in her own time. If the roll fails, the character
must either immediately terminate the trance or lose a
point of temporary Willpower as the memories threaten to
consume her. If the roll botches, her body disappears and
reappears somewhere in the Umbra; the Legendary Realm
and the Battleground are both popular choices.

While the character cannot hope to remember all or
even most of the information she sees, she can attempt to
search for specific moments in history. The result is a sort
of vision quest; the Storyteller may choose to simply
describe what the character sees or might lead the charac-
ter ona quest through the memories of the Garou until she
finds the information she needs.

e Legend's Insight (Level Five) — While any
Garou with a spiritual connection to her ancestor-spirits
may borrow an ancestor's wisdom from time to time, the
Galliards have, unsurprisingly, perfected the process.
The character may call upon her illustrious predecessors
for skill or knowledge and become, fora moment, the best
she can possibly be. An ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

01

mama


Serene eran are nen avr a re mrerensmnerensrea

System: Only characters with the Ancestors Back-
ground may learn this Gift. The player rolls Charisma +
Ancestors (difficulty 7). For each success, the player may
boost an Ability to five dots, or an Ability already at that
level to six dots. Normally, "modern" Abilities such as
Computers, Drive, and even Firearms are disallowed, but
this is left to the Storyteller's discretion. The player
should specify what ancestor she is calling upon and what
Abilities that ancestor is likely to grant her; these choices
should remain consistent through subsequent uses of this
Gift (that is, the same ancestor probably shouldn't be
granting Brawl, Melee, and Athletics one session and
then Occult, Enigmas and Rituals the next).

© Storyteller (Level Six) — Rather than simply
telling and retelling the stories of old, or even waiting
until the events of the day become the new stories, the
Galliard can change the events of the ongoing drama
unfolding around her. She may add new "characters,"
alter chains of events, and even change the motivations
of the major participants. However, as this Gift can
literally have world-altering ramifications, the handful of
Garou in history that have known it have been loath to
actually use it. Rumor has it that the defeat of the Storm-
Eater was due partially to use of this Gift — but likewise,
rumor also states that the horrific events in Russia during
the past century stem from a Child of Gaia Galliard who
thought that she knew the way the story would end. No
one knows what sort of spirit teaches this Gift; presum-
ably an avatar of Gaia, but since so few Garou even know
of the Gift's existence, no one can say for certain.

System: The player spends one permanent Gnosis
point and explains, in as much detail as possible, the
change she wants to make to the story. The Storyteller,
of course, has final say, and once the "dramatic alter-
ation" is done, the Garou has no further control. Events
that she concocts can and do spiral out of control, so
utmost care must be taken with the Storyteller Gift.

Yat

Galliards are often responsible for performing Rites
of Accord and Rites of Death. The following rituals are
less common, but still considered important, especially
by the Moon Dancers.

Rte of the Carious Past (Ceurn)

Level Three

A caern has its own history and heritage, regardless
of the Garou that currently inhabit it. Learning the
history of a caern is a fascinating undertaking, and one
that can take years. However, this rite allows the Garou
to experience the nuances of the caern's development as
a fever dream, the years passing in a few short moments.

102

_—_

ne 7 ee

To enact this rite, the ritemaster must draw up a map
of the caern as it was when it was first founded (which
may require some research by itself). This map is then
burnt at the center of the caern. As the map burns, all
Garou present growl quietly as the ritemaster recites the
history of the caern. All werewolves present see the
caern's formation and any other important details in its
history as though in a dream. This rite isn't of much use
for learning new history, as the information it imparts is
largely expansion on what the ritemaster is already recit-
ing, but it does grant a new appreciation for the caern and
the honor of guarding it.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Rituals. The
difficulty begins at 9, lowered by one for each dot of
Ancestors the ritemaster possesses. If the ritual is performed
successfully, each participant receives an additional dot of
Ancestors until the next dawn; this occurs even if the
character is not normally capable of possessing this Back-
ground (as the ancestors thus contacted are former guardians
of the caern rather than a given character's personal fore-
bears). Also, this ritual "primes" the caern; the next caern
rite performed therein receives a —1 difficulty.

Re of the Echoing Pron (Deaf)

Level Two

When a mighty hero falls, sometimes the Gathering for
the Departed isnot enough. Sometimes the spot upon which
her heroic blood touched the soil needs a mark, even if the
mark is completely invisible in the Realm. In such an
instance, a Garou may enact the Rite of the Echoing Howl.
While this rite can be performed with a pack or an even
larger group, it is just as often enacted by one of the fallen
werewolf' packmates.

The ritemaster stands at the exact spotat which the hero
fell (even if the Garou was taken away to die elsewhere), and
walks in asmall circle, counterclockwise. She then steps into
the Umbra and howls as loud and long as she possibly can. If
the rite is successful, that howl echoes for all time, reminding
anyone who steps into the Umbra that a champion was lost
on that spot.

System: Standard roll. If the roll succeeds, anyone
who can perceive spirits hears the howl faintly in the
area, and anyone who actually steps sideways hears it as
though the ritemaster were still standing there howling.
Any Garou attempting to perform this rite for the wrong
reason (such as to "mark" an area of the Umbra) assuredly
loses Honor Renown, and the rite won't work for such

purposes anyway.
Zifither

Any Garou might use the following two fetishes, but
they are most often crafted and used by Moon-Dancers.

Book of Auspices

—


TBunder Dru

Level Two, Gnosis 6

This fetish doesn't actually have to be a drum; any
easily portable musical instrument will do, as long as it
can play low, threatening tones (no one has ever crafted
a Thunder Banjo, for instance). The Garou beats the
drum while marching into battle, unnerving his foes with
its quiet, yet pervasive rhythm. The activation successes
are subtracted from the initiative scores of any opponent
who hears it, for the first turn of combat only. The Garou
must beat the drum for at least two turns before rolling to
activate the fetish.

To create a Thunder Drum, the Garou must bind a
war-spirit into the instrument.
Monkeys Tongue

Level Three, Gnosis 7

Despite the name, this is rarely made from a tongue
(though when it is, a human tongue is commonly used).
Just as often, the Garou binds a spirit associated with
language — a parrot or magpie, or sometimes a Weaver-
spirit— intoa book or some other innocuous item. When
activated, the fetish translates one language into a tongue
of the Garou's choice for the rest of the scene. The fetish
only works on one language at a time, so it can't simulta-
neously translate French and Spanish. It does, however,
work both ways — the Garou appears to be speaking in

the targeted language, even if he doesn't speak a word of
it. This fetish can translate human languages into the
Garou tongue. No one speaking in the targeted language
notices the difference; if a Garou uses this fetish to
translate German into English, he hears English when
others speak German, but anything speaking in German
doesn't notice anything out of the ordinary.

Nort and Frat

As always, Merits and Flaws are optional Traits.
Should the Storyteller choose to allow them, the follow-
ing are appropriate for Galliard characters.

Cool io Battle (2 potot Marif)

You don't lose your head when the fur starts flying.
You remain in control in combat, regardless of how
chaotic things get. Add one to the character's initiative
rating. If the character enters frenzy, this benefit is lost.

Tangentted (2 polut Faw)

No matter how hard you try, your stories tend to
meander. You can't stay on topic when in discussion or
when performing, unless you heavily rehearse your lines
ahead of time. As a result, you are seen as long-winded
and rather dull. Add two to all Expression difficulties
(unless you are reciting from a script or from memorized
lines), and be sure to roleplay this Flaw.



"Sometimes," said Petra, "what's right is not peaceful or
passive. What matters is that you do not hide from the conse-
quences. You bear what must be borne."

— Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon

tf

Learwtng fo Fight

So I hear that you killed four Banes yésterday, and now
you think that you embody what itmeans to be an Ahroun.
Foolish children! The very fact'that you are still euphoric
with your joy and arrogangé shows me how little you
understand the meaning of being an Ahroun, or what is
expected of you.

Listen, cub: this then is what it means to be an Ahroun.

It is coming slowly and jaggedly back to sapience as the
killing fury fades, not looking down but silently praying to
Gaia in sheer desperation that the wet ted mess at your feet
was a fomor, and not Kinfolk. It is being hoisted upon the
shoulders of your comrades as proud howls declare you a war
hero for things done in the heat of instinct, actions that were
all but involuntary to your nature. It is a quiet, terrifying
struggle to keep the "righteous" im your righteous anger; it is
learning to cope with being the mortal vessel fora violated
Goddess' fury. And it never lets up, not for one second.

You think that sounds soft, cowardly? Overlysinflu-
enced by homid values? The struggle is the same for the
lupus, just seen from a different perspective. Wolves don't
hate. They're true innocents, in that way. Oh, they stalk

Chapter Five: Avengers of the Sacred Mother

—e

prey and protect the young and even challenge the alpha,
but it's all instinct. Hate is beyond them — it is the abstract
and absolute loathing ofa concept, the need to destroy it not
to promote your own survival but simply because it is
anathema, because it needs to be destroyed. Hatred requires
sapience, and unlike the forever-innocent wolves, the lupus
Ahroun will learn to hate the Wyrm, and this unbending
malice will forever set him apart from his lupine Kin.
Hatred is at the very essence of our auspice. The
Children of Gaia love to dance around this, but in the end
it's just a blunt truth that we absolutely must deal with. We
usually give it a preface of some kind — "righteous" anger,
"Justified" hatred, "controlled" malice — and in many cases
these adjectives are even accurate; the Wyrm is as close a
thing as you are going to find in this world to the objective
definition of evil. But they dilute the meaning — because
our Rage is not about qualifiers, but passion. You must
understand this sight now, if you intend to survive as an
Ahroun: your fury is absolute, immaculate and all-consum-
ing. There are no words in this simple homid language that
¢an accurately describe the intensity of cosmological hatred
bound into'a mortal form. The pattern of your life is set by

rman are ne arn rer enranareemerry

105

i

Seer ere rere cee sre se ovr remem)

the extent to which you can guide this anger, and the
direction in which you choose to channel it.

This isn't the kind of brief rage that makes you swear or
strike out or constantly lose control, mind. Many Ahroun are
dangerously close to frenzy ona regular basis, but many others
are not. Remember this: rage is a tool, never an excuse. Many
young Ahroun are shocked by the lack of sympathy they
receive from sept elders when their frenzy does irrevocable
damage. Luna's fury is not a free pass from moral accountabil-
ity, though it certainly qualifies as a mitigating factor in some
cases. But this isn't the point: your Rage is not only on the
surface. It is deep within, a long-term guiding passion in your
life. It is a driving urge within your soul, an abhorrence of all
that is unclean. It will give you strength when you are weak
and warm you when you are cold, if you aren't afraid to use its
power. True fulfillment, for us, is found only in destroying
those things in this world that truly need to be destroyed, in
order for life, joy and justice to prosper. Our hatred is anything
but petty, and Luna has been gracious enough to give usa great
gift that many homids can only dream of: She has given our
existence a set, clear purpose.

In this bleak age, [am sometimes led to believe that the
great heroes left the world, or that they never were, and all
that remains now is their shells, parody-abominations birthed
of dogmatic fury, self-indulgent violence and surrender to
hatred. It is your duty to prove me wrong! You must do not
only what your tribe expects of you, what your pack hopes for
you, what tradition drives you to: you must do what Luna
bequeaths you to. You must fulfill your duty, no matter how
terrible the cost may be.

Jonge of Cary Days

The first Ahroun were the first Garou — it's as simple
as that. You all know the origin of our auspice, in a manner
of speaking. Perhaps you have heard the tale of how Coyote
tricked Gaia into giving him an extra form, and thus
werecreatures were born. Surely, the Galliards have told you
how Gaia entrusted to each of Her skin-changing races a
sacred duty — the Corax being Her messengers, the Nuwisha
Her laughter, the Mokolé Her memory, and so forth. The
Garou, however, were Her protectors — Her warriors.
While most auspices have an oral history describing the first
Garou to act under a specific moon or a legendary hero that
set the mold for the auspice, such tales are very rare for the
Ahroun. We were the first, you see — every other auspice
defined themselves by how they were different from us.

Now, don't take that to mean that the other Garou are not
fulfilling their role as Gaia's protectors — Theurges bring us to
understand what it is we fight for, Philodox keep us true to our
appointed ways, Ragabash and Galliards defend the emotional
and spiritual qualities that Gaia values. But we fulfill the most
direct and literal interpretation of our duty, and that makes us
the norm from which the others branch off. We are the most
ancient auspice, and tragically it is our actions that have
defined our race in the eyes of the other Fera. There are a few
tribal legends that claim the Ahroun in the earliest days

10

——

ne Ae

Your Narrafor

It is not uncommon for an Athro Ahroun to brag
that he hasa thousand kills. It is scarcer, however, to find
onewhowill confess sucha thing, and William Bloodsong,
born of the Get of Fenris, is sucha being. He will go down
in the legends of the Garou as a questioner of accepted
truths — even though that role clearly belongs to the
Ragabash, William was hardly going to let that silence
him. Ragabash duties aside, Garou society has very few
true dissidents in the classical sense. William deserves
credit for dissenting out of honor and duty, rather than
mocking tradition simply out of perversity. He obviously
has very strong views on what it means to be an Ahroun,
and I wanted to share those with you because I think that
they hold the kernel of something meaningful.

Certainly, he is embittered, but he is also a great
hero of his tribe, personally responsible for making a
stand against the corruption of the Nazi Get. So I'm
telling you to read what he has written, but be aware of
the writer's bias and take all his cynicism, eccentricity
and dark foretellings (and questioning of accepted
truths, such as your righteous role as the Nation's
leaders!) with a grain of salt.

Another thing — William is long dead. This treatise
was written in 1949, shortly after World War II. The
recent nature of the Holocaust, and William's own tribe's
involvement therein, colors his outlook on his auspice and
all things warlike. Ahroun are not normally introspective
beings, however, and so this is one of a very few modern
documents that exists to truly probe the nature, methods
and psychology of the auspice from the inside.

Oh, and the people he was directing this narration
at were Fostern, not cubs. Makes you glad he's dead,
doesn't it?

— Three-Bark-Leaf, Ragabash Elder of the Fianna,
Sept Leader of the Arm of Lughnasa Sept

persecuted those who wished to follow another moon-sign.
Some legends describe the Uktena and Croatan as "Theurge-
like" and "Philodox-like" offshoots of the Wendigo from the
most ancient days, driven to form separate tribes when Winter's
Children thought their less aggressive bent was heretical.
Fortunately, these legends area minority opinion, contradicted
by everything up to and including the Wendigo's moniker as
"Younger Brother." Still, cynic that I am, it would not surprise
me if the earliest Ahroun believed their way was the only
worthy one for all Garou to follow.

Fighters and Warrlors

All Garou are fighters, son. No two ways about it: We are
aviolent race, anda vicious one at that. In these days where the
Wyrm is everywhere, any Garou who is truly helpless in a
combat situation is dead weight —and our Nation cannot abide
dead weight, not now. Some Garou fight only when they have

Book of Auspices

inion


to, and some fight in highly unusual ways, but we
all end up fighting sooner or later. And yes, son,
I mean fighting physically — you can bet that
every effete Glass Walker businessman, every
Child of Gaia emotional healer, every wizened
old Uktena shaman has had to tear apart a Bane
with his bare hands at one time or another. No
werewolf will ever be fully spared bloodshed,
regardless of how tidy and metaphorical his pre-
ferred method of opposing the Wyrm is.

What, then, distinguishes the Full Moons?
Weare warriors among fighters, officers among
soldiers, the heroes of the battlefield. I make no
claim to place us above the other auspices in
this; rather, my point is that if fighting is a
necessity for all Garou, it is a devotion for the
Ahroun. We're career soldiers, and we're ex-
pected to do 200% of what every other Garou
does on the battlefield because it's our place.
Just as the Garou fight to defend Gaia, we fight
to defend the Garou — covering their escapes,
leading their charges, providing the muscle
behind their strategies. It's not always a glorious
job — sometimes we're little more than grunts
pushing the gears ofa more intelligent Philodox's
scheme — but we must accept that and keep
our place regardless, because nobody else can
do what we do as well as we do it. Now more
than any other auspice, we are needed, and we
cannot waver in our duty. We have the simplest
job description of all the auspices, but our duty
still has many different facets.

Spb Warrhort

What exactly does our auspice's most com-
mon label mean, anyway? What's the differ-
ence between a Spirit Warrior and a normal
warrior? A Spirit Warrior fights for a higher
cause on behalf of a spiritual liege. We are
warriors in the name of Gaia, Luna, the Wyld
and our pack, sept and tribal totems. Ina greater
sense, a Spirit Warrior is a warrior against
corruption, one who fights for the purity of the
spirit worlds. Now, the war for spiritual purity
has many facets — Theurges address the meta-
physical, Galliards the societal and interper-
sonal; Philodox nurture psychological strength
while Ragabash bring renewal of ideas. But the
role of the Spirit Warrior is physical, to destroy
the enemies of purity utterly, and while there
are many in this age who will tell you violence
cannot be a part of lasting spiritual gains, they
are quite simply lying. Someone has to excise
the corrupt things from this world in order for
the work of any of the other auspices to have an
impact. We do that; we lead the war to drive
back corruption by killing the corrupt, the

107

i

ee


Seer even renee cree ren coe arrears ores)

degenerate and the evil. And all of the Velvet Shadow is
cleaner for our acts.

An important offshoot of this is that when Gaian Garou
turn theirclaws against other Gaian Garou, they are betraying
the meaning of being a Spirit Warrior. They are no longer
fighting under the banner of the spiritual cause, the purity and
freedom of the spirit worlds. Rather, they are muddled by
worldly things — greed, pride, wrath; choose your favorite
Deadly Sin — and have shut themselves off from the spiritual
part of their heritage. They're still warriors, of course, but it's
not really correct to call them Spirit Warriors when they're
taking life in the name of worldly gains.

Execufhowert

Not every Wyrm-slaying begins with a battle. Many
Ahroun find themselves in situations where it is their sacred
duty to kill beings that really put up no fight at all. The
Galliards rarely sing tales of the Ahroun who quite literally
tore apart the fomor who begged for mercy before he died,
but that is a situation most Full Moons will find themselves
in at one point or another. It falls to our Philodox to judge
matters where good and evil are not always clear, but
whether it's a ceremonial execution of a Garou traitor at a
sept or the simple butchery of human lice, the actual act of
carrying out their judgements usually falls to Ahroun. It
seems a lot easier to cope with killing something that fights
back, and more honorable, but Gaia does not always allow
us that luxury. Really, how much ofa struggle can the typical
pampered executive put up against a pack of werewolves?

Some Ahroun specialize in taking the lives of those who
have no ability to fight back. Hopefully, this isn't done out of
malice or the desire fora sick ego-thrill — it's just what is most
effective in the given situation, and as I find myself frequently
reminding you, we are at war here. Black Fury Ahroun often
hunt down those who abuse women, Glass Walkers' "hostile
takeovers" of corrupt businesses can involve actual murder,
and Uktena Ahroun sometimes swear to kill any outsider who
intrudes on their sacred grounds as chiminage to their spirit
patrons. In all these cases, the enemy is overcome with the
Delirium, and "fight" is simply not an accurate word for what
happens here. What can be said, except that we live with it,
hopefully avoid enjoying it, and do our duty?

Tactolan

We aren't renowned as intellectuals, though there are
more outright brilliant Ahroun than you might suspect at first
glance. We can never, however, afford to be stupid —
stupidity costs lives and loses wars, and that makes it a betrayal
of our duty to Gaia, and as shameful a kind of weakness as any
other. Yet tactics are difficult fora mind clouded by Rage, and
that's adilemma many Ahroun face. There are several simple
solutions — first of all, it's a Full Moon's responsibility to be
planning before a fight or other tactical action, because once
the action starts it will be a lot harder to think tactically.
Among the more warlike tribes, this often means avoiding the
temptation to participate in the revelry that precedes a great

10

i _

ne 77 eee

Book of Auspices

battle — and strangely, this is a thorn many of Gaia's greatest
warriors fall prey to. The Fenrir and Fianna are particularly
infamous for their rough, fatalistic and out-of-control cel-
ebrations before battle — honestly, if you step back and look
at these festivities objectively, they are comparable to a
caricature of a fraternity party, filled with mindless aggression,
machismo and quietly laced with glory-hunting and
brinkmanship. The honorable Ahroun's place before a battle
is listening quietly in the elders' tent, understanding the lay
of the battlefield and contributing warrior's wisdom to the
planning. Sadly, many of the most renowned Get I know,
revered elders of the sept, fail at this simple duty.

We are not the only tacticians of the Garou Nation.
Philodox also excel in this role, but in a very different
manner from us. Fortunately, it's a case of synthesis, not
antithesis. We have an instinct for war that cannot be
matched, and are outstanding idea-men at the planning
table. We know what compromises simply cannot be made,
and being leaders-by-example we always see the forest for
the trees. Philodox are more objective and introspective.
They take apart a strategy piece by piece, reasoning out its
impact on the battlefield and looking at every possible
contingency. Specifically, they are much more adept at
adjusting a battle plan to account for the impact of modern
technology, and knowing when not to attack or for how long
to delay an attack. For all our instincts, these are areas that
we tend to be blind to, just as the Philodox lack our primal
understanding of war. That's why any good Garou planning
table has both of our auspices — any tactic devised by one
moon sign alone is simply not going to cover all the bases.

JSivrv/vor

Contrary to stereotype, most Ahroun do not have a
death wish. Indeed, while killing the enemy is indeed a virtue
among us, many subtler victories are won simply by staying
standing in the face of pain, suffering and absolute torment.
Did you know that of all the auspices, Ahroun are the least
likely to enter Harano? It's true — not by a huge margin,
mind, but it is true. Others might joke that we can be blind or
stupid, but we are also the pillars that the rest of the Garou
Nation lean upon. That's what is so gravely concerning to me
about our youngest ones — in many septs, they are taught that
the best that they can expect is to die with glory, fangs
clenched around a Bane. Forgive me for sounding like an old-
timer here, but in my day a glorious death didn't win you as
much Renown as it does now, more's the shame.

As Ahroun, it is one of our highest duties to survive.
Galliards say that particular assignment — to endure — once
belonged tothe weresharks, damn weird beasties that I've heard
they were. Well, we killed them, or at least drove them deep
enough into thesea that we won't be exchanging emissaries any
time soon. So now it falls to us not to indulge in the decadent
selfishness of escaping a painful life with a glorious death, but
to survive, and to demonstrate to all the Garou around us that
our race can endure one more day, one more year, one more
century. Weare supposed to be strong, after all, and the greatest

iia.


strength is found in living, in going on and facing a terrible
existence with composure and optimism. And that leads me to
the next duty of the Ahroun, cub, which is...

Iasphrafion

Not fancy artistic shit — that's for the Galliards. I'm
talking about inspiration through action. We must not only
survive, we must drive others to survive as well. In this age, a
deep kind of fatalism is settling in over the Garou Nation.
Who can blame us? Europe is still burning, and countless
millions lie dead. The atomic fires in Japan cut wounds into
the spirit worlds that may never heal. Dresden is ashes;
Nanking bleeds. The Leeches are everywhere, scavenger
crows picking at the remnants of human suffering. Desperate
human farmers hunt wolves more fiercely than ever. Across
the ocean, the Kinfolk of the Indian tribes are rotting away in
internment camps disguised as schools. Human nations have
been sundered, and only now has the full depth of the Wyrm's
victory through the Holocaust — through simple human evil
— been revealed. Caerns have fallen by the dozens, and in
some cities the Umbral sky cannot be seen, obscured by clouds
of gibbering Banes. This is what we face, and it may not get
much better in ten, twenty or fifty years.

Our duty comes in convincing the other Garou that
victory is still a possibility. Truthfully, I'm not sure whether
this falls under the realm of deception or revelation —I like
to think the latter, but my own reserves of hope are not
currently at their best. Still, for all that darkness shrouds the
world, we Garou are still a torch casting light into the void.
For all the things I am ashamed of my tribe for, I have still
never known stronger, harder or more enduring people than
my fellow Get. The other tribes, too, give me hope — unlike
so many Garou, caught up in the myth of tribal supremacy,
Iknow that each tribe in the Nation serves a purpose. As the
Get are the Garou's Strength, so the Fangs are our Majesty,
the Uktena our Insight, the Lords our Cunning, the Chil-
dren our Unity, the Talons our Primal Connection. Too
much long-term thinking isa vice, not a virtue. Forget about
trying to gauge whether we can win the war — think about
whether we can win this battle, right now, or whether we can
simply go on living and fulfilling our duties to Gaia for one
more day. The answer isa resounding yes. As Garou, we have
the strength within us to be heroes; just going through the
motions is not enough. It is our sacred duty to Gaia to remind
our brothers of this through example, to challenge other
Garou to live as well as we do.

Now, I've spoken poorly of glory-hounds, those who
fight for their own ego rather than being true Spirit Warriors.
But being glorious, winning the hearts and admiration of
others, is a very important aspect — no, a duty — of our
auspice, because as much as we may take praise, we give hope
in return. So yes, bask in the light of your own battle prowess,
bea flashy fighter, indulge your ego — do whatever it takes to
make them believe they are fighting a war that can actually be
won at the side of a legendary hero. If you're lucky, they might
end up seeing themselves as heroes as well...

Chapter Five: Avengers of the Sacred Mother

——————————

Seren srs ameasere reece ee

War Leader

While the Philodox may seem most suited to the task of
leadership, the simple truth is that the Garou are a warrior
race and Ahroun frequently rise to the top of the pile.
Certain tribes — Get of Fenris, Wendigo and Furies, in
particular — traditionally place Ahroun in long-term lead-
ership roles. In truth, our kind do not make the best overall
leaders among the Garou, even if we often end up in that
role. The strength of our Rage, the binding and inherent
desire to fight corruption wherever it dwells and breeds, can
blind us to the subtler aspects of a situation and grant a bias
that makes us easy to manipulate. In truth, Ahroun can be
honest and noble beings, but even the most careful and
indirect of our number are still blunt weapons when com-
pared to the social grace of a Galliard, the cunning of a
Ragabash or devious insight of a Theurge.

But conditional leadership is certainly a part of our job
nonetheless. It's ironic, you see — our greatest recurring sin is
to claim more authority than is our due, yet we have a sacred
duty to ensure that every member of our pack will obey our
orders without hesitation. The key, of course, is that we're only
supposed to be giving orders in military situations. Think of us
like the police —we have to maintain authority or enemies will
prey on the weak, yet nobody wants a police state. It is, in this
old warrior's opinion atleast, specifically not the duty of the Full
Moons to dictate long-term policy to the Garou Nation as a
whole. Garou society is simpler than human society, though,
and closer to its roots. While few human politicians could fight
todefend their lives, usually anyone in werewolf circles that has
political power is able to back up that power with physical
power. More and more these days Masters of the Challenge rely
on gamecraft and tale-spinning to resolve challenges rather
than battle, but the simple truism has not yet been broken by
any means, and among Garou I doubt it ever will be.

What the Full Moon should be doing is maintaining her
pack from the military perspective, and that does take a degree
of authority to accomplish. Every auspice is a tactical asset,
even if only we tend to see Garou moon-signs in that light. It's
our responsibility to ensure that every member of the pack is
fulfilling her tactical, as well as mystical or social, duty. A
Ragabash must not only be a jester, but a scout, deceiver and
agent of espionage. A Theurge must take time out from
exploring the higher mysteries in order to make fetishes, bind
spirits of war and ensure that the pack will have Umbral
support come the time of battle. A Philodox must not only
judge laws and conduct rituals, but also tend to the discipline
and psychological combat fitness of her packmates. A Galliard
dare not grow so involved in mythology that she is unable to
use her social skill to help her pack move easily throughout
human society in times of need. The Ahroun must coordinate
all this, ensuring that the diverse skills of the auspices are well
applied to the craft of war when the time comes. When a
tactical judgment call needs to be made now, and lives are on
the line, that is when in Ahroun is justified in stepping forward
and claiming the mantle of the leader.

09

mama


Gronf

It's been said that faith is good, while blind faith is bad.
I would say the same thing about obedience. Many Ahroun
demand positions of leadership and power, seeing it as their
privilege as warriors. However, the Garou Nation benefits
the most, perhaps, from those who are willing to do what
they are told, to provide the brute force necessary to com-
plete some Philodox or Theurge's agenda. There is no
dishonor in being a willing instrument of someone greater
than yourself; and on many occasions it has been us, the
Ahroun, who have brought about some great victory for the
Garou, simply by doing what others decided was needed.

heroes

Yes. Say it. Roll itaround on your tongue and think about
what it means to you, beyond comic books and war bond
posters. Most people think of heroes as being solely in the
domain of fiction, not things one finds in our sorry world. But
we are expected to be heroes nevertheless, to embody nobility
and fight for what we believe is right. We are supposed to be
an example to the Garou around us, to lead by example, to do
the right thing. "Right," in this case, is often judged by a
ruthlessly pragmatic standard, our war being as desperate as it
is, but there is still — or at least should be — the essence of
selfless sacrifice somewhere in there.

At our best, we remind those around us that "warrior" is
not a dirty word, that sometimes brute force can make the
world a better place —or more likely, at least slow it's descent
into the pit of corruption somewhat. Not so many people in
this grim age believe in the existence of real heroes, but it's
important that we do. I've seen real, genuine heroism — the
lives of innocent people (and by that I mean both humans and
wolves) preserved and made better by our auspice's valor. We
must believe in the possibility of true heroism — belief makes
reality, and that kind of faith (not solipsism, mind — just
open-eyed faith) in ourselves separates a person prone to
spasms of nihilistic violence from a Spirit Warrior.

Inttodks and Mudie

There are two great, comforting lies about Rage that
circulate and poison Garou society: that it is uncontrollable
and that it is mindless. The instincts of the Ahroun are
simple and straightforward: respond to aggression in kind.
You feel this in your heart, even though you do not fully
understand it. We are inclined to respond to insult or
corruption with anger and fury, and we often rely on our
companions to temper our rasher impulses. Never underes-
timate the intensity of your aggressive instincts, child; part
of your duty as an Ahroun is learning to control them so that
those around you are safe. Rage is a tool, not a master; what
you do with it is your responsibility.

Many, many Full Moons secretly like to believe Rage is
beyond their ability to master. After all, many of us have at
one time or another given way to frenzy and hurt or killed
something that we had no right to harm. It becomes so much
easier to live with these memories if we believe we had no

110 Book of Auspices

rh

ee A Ae

choice in the matter. "It was not Fangs-Of-Might who tore
apart that Kin girl who called hima coward," I've heard it said,
"it was his Rage. He couldn't help himself." Like Rage is some
kind of external agency that acts on us from without, making
us do things we'd never really want to do. So he bears no
responsibility for his actions by virtue of frenzy — how very
convenient. Of course, there are a great many Garou who do
manage to control their actions regardless, which shows this
way of thinking for the psychological crutch that it is.

To be fair to the individuals, Garou society does not
castigate Ahroun the way it sometimes should. There might be
a moderate Renown loss at most for an Ahroun who kills a
human (or wolf) ally ina fit of fury, while a fellow human would
face a lifetime in jail. Other Garou assume that violence is our
legacy, and that we should notbe held responsible for frenzy and
acts of passion. In this manner, Rage stops being a burden and
becomes an excuse, a justification for moral and psychological
weakness. Thiscannot be tolerated, and the sooner the Nation's
powers that be realize that murder is murder, the better off we
will all be. Enough about this; on to the second lie — this one
believed more commonly by those outside Garou society than
within, but still a grave misunderstanding.

Our Rage is hardly mindless — it is a directed anger; it
has a purpose. We do, shamefully, Rage upon our allies and
upon the innocent on occasion, but anyone who has felt the
Wyrm knows that is not the reason that Rage is given to us.
Wyrm corruption evokes a skin-crawling kind of loathing in
us that is very difficult to articulate in words, and that very
quickly leads us to an antediluvian urge, a primal fury that
burned hot when the world was still young. It is almost as if
we become a vessel, a sapient shell inhabited by Gaia or
Luna as these mighty goddesses strike against their hated
enemies. I have no better words than these to describe what
the source of our aggression feels like then these, but I would
ask you to think on this: the humans have no Rage.

They lie with evil easily, compromising their ethics
whenever it is necessary for their survival or prosperity.
Often, this ability they have to make compromises even lets
them avoid bloodshed, suffering and needless loss — I'm not
insulting the humans here. But is has always horrified me,
that so many of them have lost the capacity to feel true anger
when they witness that which they know is wrong, is sick
and evil—only acceptance andanumb kind of apathy. And
so the Wyrm moves silently throughout their society, win-
ning more converts every day. I believe the world has a
desperate need of creatures who still have the ability to be
moved into a killing fury by injustice and corruption, who
hate the darkness in the abstract rather than just opposing
it when practicality demands. All of Gaia's creatures adapt
specific traits in order to fulfill the niche in which Her
Natural Order places then. Our niche is the hunter, the
slayer, and Gaia has given us Rage for a reason.

Now, you have to understand this. Others in Garou society
are often going to view you as a brute or a warmonger, simply
because of your moon-sign. In many ways, they are right. Our
highest virtue is also our greatest weakness: we do not, can not,

ee


compromise with evil. Ever. The Wyrm must be fought wher-
ever it dwells and whenever it breeds — no other auspice holds
up this tenet of the Litany as tenaciously as ours does. But our
relentless aggression also makes us easy targets for manipulation:
you can be as much a scholar, a peace-
maker ora thinking man as you want,
and these things might even
make youa better warrior — but
every Garou knows that
under that facade lurks
the Rage of an Ahroun,
and it doesn't take much
taunting to bring that Rage
to the surface. This simple
truth gives others power over
you, and that power often leads
to condescension or disregard.
As soon as you get
involved in

SS ee

sept politics, your rivals will automatically know what button to
push, and that can hurt you tremendously.

Some Ahroun try to compensate for this by embracing
the ideal of civilization whole-heartedly, trying to push aside
their instincts and make themselves into icily controlled
master socialites and manipulators. Woe unto them, I say:
Gaia has made you a simple being, and there is just one thing
that you do very well indeed. When an Ahroun tries to
remake himself as a complicated person, a being in truth more
suited to human society than Garou, he losessomething of the
simplicity of purpose that Gaia granted him, the power of his
aggressive instincts. The same anger that makes you some
obnoxious Ragabash's bitch with a little casual button-press-
ing will also give you the power to tear out a Bane's throat
while that Ragabash is cowering in a corner somewhere. If we
are brutes, then so be it: we are what Gaia has ordained us to
be, and I will not allow myself to be
made to believe that anything more
"complex" or "nuanced" is needed
for us to be worthy creatures.

Abroun avant fle
Trlles

Diversity is among the great-
est strengths of the Garou Nation,
and as any Fenrir knows we need

every shred of strength we have in

this age. All Gaia's warriors fight in
different ways, but every one still fights
under Her banner.

The enmity between the Black
Furies and my own tribe is legendary,
but hope you'll trust me when | say

I bear the tribe as a whole no ill
PF will. Still, speaking as an Ahroun

myself, their Full Moons terrify
me. We Get have the unique igno-
miny of having morally stumbled
very, very badly with regard to the
Jewish peoples{ I fear that I see
many of the same danger signs in
Fury Rages fihey bear. the terrible
mix of righteous ideology, isolation
¥ from their "enemy" (I've never met a

Fury that] think really understood men,
beyondstereotypes andaceusations) and
a growing hatred and frustration —this

cannot end. well. Pray to Gaiasfor their
@ souls, child' Sexism is a disease, and a
, disease cannot be! fought ‘with hatred
alone. It might be comforting for many to
believe there are powerful "protectors"
out there ready to turn rapists and wife-
beaters into pastrami, but our world is rarely
that black and white, and many offend women

Ld

5 rm a ve a er rr ner


whodonotdeserve tobe killed. Blood, terror and death do little
to offset complex social maladies like poverty or misogyny, but
they are the only things we have to fight with. I suspect Furies
with less Rage have done more to better the ways of women in
the world than their Ahroun have.

The Bone Gnawers give me hope on the poverty front,
though. Their Full Moons makéijineredibly devious fighters,
mixing the creativity and' stealth that i is uséiilly characteristic
of Ragabash with the ability to stand toe to toe and trade blows
of an Ahroun. They also respect their Theurgesiand Philodox,
and they kriow their place in the tribe rather than trying to run
the whole:show. More importantly, they bear the mantle of
Rage well=the uniquely seldepreciating humor their tribe
is famous for erodes ego madness before it becomes a danger.
Despite their social standing, though, Ghawer Ahrouifiare still
primal and vicious creatures, and they more than any others
embody the Ahroun as the ultimate survivor. Not all are
shining paragons, of course — Rage leads many of them to get
involved in brutal gang violence, or to hate those who have
greater financial prosperitythan theyaStill, they deserve a lot
more admiration than'they get. For a tribé that supposedly
exalts strength and.éndurance, we Fenrir can be pretty blind
when it comes to perceiving the presence of these qualities in
Gnawer Ahroun, and other Garou aren't much better.

The Child @f Gaia Ahroun is not nearly as much a
paradox as many think. Unity brings strength,to all Garou,
and inter-tribal warfarélis'effectivélyfajwilling surrender to
the Wyrm. Dosiot mistake peace forweakness) cub; these
are warriors who af@willing to defend the cause « Peace
unto their lagt breath, The real tragedy, though, is the!
of respect they receive from their fellows ve argued against
Ahroun being atthe top by default, but for all we sacrifice
and all we suffer in'Gaia'>name,we certainly don't belong
at the bottom either! Warrior Children who have per-
formed acts any other tribe would dub heroism often find
their fellows distinctly cool toward them formonths on end,
simply because they don't have' the'stomach to accept that
some people need to die. A. shameful situation.

Fianna Ahroun shing like the ‘sun — often gifted with
great beauty and charisma, they seem like legendary heroes
reborn, modern knights of a metaphorical round table. Like
Lancelot, though, hubrisis as often ashot their undoing. Like
many Fianna, they Have a slightly Tomantié%utlook on the
world, but for a vessel of inhuman fury romanticism — or any
distortion of realism = is a tragedy waiting to happen. Killers
cannot afford the luxury of rose-tinted glasses, and far too
many Fianna "heroes" seem to believe they are living in a
storybook. Ego runs deeper in the Fianna than in any other
tribe, and mixed with Rageitcan become like a moist, ancient
greenhouse — a domain with rot and psychological
taining playthings; they are
all- -consumifig, m J , frequently destructive and always
mercurial. The Fianna remnbody passion, and their Ahroun
mix with that passion the physical ability to rend asunder any
lesser being. That i§,all I will deign to say about them.

Book of Auspices

non

ee A Ae

And of my own tribe, the Get of Fenris? W@ have fallen,
oh, how gravely, but Fenris' childrén are strong. We have, I
hope, excised Hitler's poisonfrom all/but the fringes of our
tribe, arid I Believe that ag a tribé we will never make the
mistake of surrenderifigito hatted that way again. We still
suffer the illnesses of ego madness, blindiaggression and
Ahroun leadership,but we/havegreat strength aswell, and
now I believe wéare learning the ability to temper and guide
out angeréPerhaps. Iypray, at least.

‘Lam terrified, in.teuth; no other tribe has recently been
as blinded by Rage-madness as my own. Yet we are great, as
well, and though tarnished/our strength is still potent. Let
this be ad@sson about strength, cub: weakness is not always
apparent, and notailll kinds of strength show themselves on
the field of battle. [would hope the Fenrir are strong not only
in our battle prowess, but in our ability to endure painful
truths and salvage our tattered honor. Only time will tell if
we may yet make atonement for our brief but unspeakable
surrender to weakness, however,

Glass Walker Alroun apply violence like a scalpel,
using it as a tool in so¢ial engineering. They often serve as
enforcers to the rest of their tribe, protecting criminal
holdings and ensuring that the Wyrm's servants must face
the Walkers on the financial terrain they prefer rather than
being able to attack directly They often end up acting as
grunts and bodYguards, and my impression is that while
some are happy to serve honorably others grow dissatisfied
with their role in the tribe and desire a greater place in the
sun. Many moréindividualistic WalkerAhroun shun packs
and claim a particular area' of their city as a protectorate,
working to keep it free of Wyrm taint and protect the people
who dwell therein./Noble though this intent may be, |
cannot help but believe.the. Walkers, whorfollow the path
their elders. set6tit for them end up doing more good for the
tribe than their free-spirited cousins.

An interesting observation: when they get over their
prejudices of eachotheras"Wyrmbringers" and "primitives"
the Glass Walker and Uktena Ahroun rank up among the
most effeetive complementary pairings the Garou Nation
has to offer. Both tribes specialize in the thoughtful ap-
proach to war? hitting the enemy where it hurts, planning
ahead and choosing their violent acts for long term social
and spiritual impact,djhéicombination.of worldly ways and
mystical insight inakes for an'exceptionally adept and well-
rounded team, and these two tribes' Spirit Warriors work
together More than most other auspices would tend to
expect, going by stereotypes.

Red Talon Spirit Warriors... oh, Gaia, they have my
pity and my compassion always. Homids so often assume
that for all their hatred the Talons carry on an idyllic
friendship with their lupine cousins. Fools — don't they
understand that the Curse cuts even deeper on the lupus side
than it does for homids? Talon Ahroun are filled with
hatred, and coming from a lupine upbringing to which
hatred is alien, they have little ability to understand, mod-

a


erate or control it. They are responsiblé#f6r much of their
tribe's negative reputation as warmongers, psychopaths and
humanckillers, in truth — the Talon auspices with less Rage
are more like their true wolf,¢ousins if temperament. I'm
certainly not trying to justify the murder of humans, here —
all I'm saying is that thestypicalGarou gains so much from
his homid side, and without thatethe Talon warrior is
entirely at the meréy ofthe terrible and alien instincts of
Rage. No one whé is nota Talon, I think, really understands
how terrifying; entrapping and alien the world seems from
their eyes. Canswe blame them for snapping on occasion?

The Shadow Lérds' warriors are as brutal and ruthless as
the stories make,them out to be, but in this age I could argue
that as a virtue rather than a flaw. They also seem to possess
a kind of genuine honesty the restof their tribe lack — not
that they arén't Machiavellian; I'm talking about a deeper
sort of honesty here. Therésis a genuinesideology behind
théinactions, a devout belief that theweak must submit to
the strongjjand evil originates when theere¥érse occurs.
They make some good points; too so much corruption
festérslin homid society because good.mienhave no ambi-
tion, bowing to weak and decadent leaders who are but a sad
echo oftheir subjects' strength. While.I'm certainly not
privy to the internal affairs of the Shadow Lords, I might
speculate thartheir warriors are often exploited by Ragabash,
Theurges and other Lord auspices more likely to value
duplicity over strength. Regardless, they're the Lords most
likely to view those weaker than them as subjects rather
than pawns, and when they do find a truly strong and
competent leader, they'll defend his regency unto death.
That counts for something with me, personally.

The Silent Striders are often seen as a peaceful tribe,
butytheir ancient (and tenaciously fought!) war with the
Egyptian Leethes should put that‘fnyth,torestaThe Strider
Ahroufi'ssdeeds ate hotiéften, sung of,and,they are the
atitithesis of the,ostentatiotis Fianna'6tmegal Silver, Fang.
Yet anonyitious,heroism is still heroism, and PSuspect the
Strider Ahroun' most glorious acts are witnessed only by the
sand, and by their tribal spirits of Renown. They certainly
don't brag about them at moots like every other sane Garou!
1 would include a word also about rhe truly unique and
creative methods the Stridets have' developed for combat
over the centuries. They use theiz movement Gifts to their
best advantage, tending to be hiighlystactical fighters, and
they choose their Battles well' As messengers, suppliers,
scouts and assassins these Ahroun have been facilitators to
hundreds of great victories against the' Wyrm, even if they
publicly claim.crédit for veryifew.

The Stargazers embody thépowénof fury under disci-
pline. By honingytheir will, they are able to channel their
passion into tremendous martial feats. They control Rage
perhaps better than any other Garou tribe, on average, but
this does not mean that they are against its use. Just the
opposite, in fact; their spiritual focus gives them a tremen-
dous, if slow-burning, fury against that which they consider
debased. Stargazers also have a tremendous respect for duty

Sd san sr amen reece Nn ee

Chapter Five: Avengers of the Sacred Mother

EE

SYfer Fange

William had a lot of rather acerbic comments
about the Silver Fangs in his original diatribe, including
some disturbingly prophetic thoughts about Jacob
Morningkill. I've cut them out because they are the one
part of his spiel that is so clearly dated; William died
before King Albrecht was ever born. I think a mention
of the Ahroun of Ahroun is very appropriate here,
because it provides a very effective counterpoint to the
strange heresy William keeps putting forth that Ahroun
make poor leaders. I can understand how bleak the
world must have looked to him then, looking back at
the Holocaust with a heart filled with inborn hatred.
But Albrecht has gone forth and proven what William
seems'so desperate to believe: you:can be filled with
Rage and still be a good man at the core. I think that if
William were stilLalive today, he would be very proud
of Albrecht, and that he would also experience a kind
Of indeseribable elation, a sense of spiritual reassurance,
through his mere existence.

" About theSilyer Fang Spirit Watriors'in the mod-
ern milieu: Albrecht has succeeded in this ‘ifspiration'
aspect of his auspice's duties beyond his wildest aspira-
tions. Many young Fang warriors model themselves in
his image, seeing a chance to escape the crushing stasis
of their elders. These Ahroun strive to be trendsetters,
not followers, and often draw the ire of their elders in
their desire to rebuild the image of the tribe. They're all
over themselves, in truth, and the tribe asa whole is more
than a little chaotic as the old is blown away to make
room for the new. Much of this means coming down out
of their ivory towers and interacting with the world —
Albrecht's "street level" adventures inspired many other
Ahroun to leave their manses and glens in search of real
life and honest war-craft. Still, they're striving desper-
ately to live up to the image of the modern hero, and in
that I cannot fault them.

in general, due in part to their cultural ideas about Dharma,
and as such this lends their Ahroun a greater degree of
humility than those of other tribes: like Arjuna in the
Bhagavad Gita, it is their duty to fight on behalf of the gods
and spirits; they merely recognize their destiny and obey.
Stargazers make thinking warriors, Ahroun who focus more
upon honing their skills then questing or glory, striving to
embody some of the blood, thunder and elemental power
found in Indian and Chinese epics.

Uktena make precise and effective warriors. Their tribe is
led quite thoroughly by their Theurges, and so their warriors
don't get the same kind of press that, say, Fenrir Ahroun do. But
I've had the honor to work with Uktena Spirit Warriors, and I
can attest to their courage and their competence. The two
words that most come to mind regarding them are "surgical
strike:" they know exactly where to hit an enemy to hurt him

113
i

Seen eee sere ee an nen san area a ress morwrensmnerenv

most, and their tribe has the best
I've seen. Unlike most Ahroun,
casual violence;
and calculate
they fight, there
a mystical item or lear

intelligence of any
take little pleasure in
Uktena Rage iscold
pilit: ing and whenever

ngheir mitids— often seizing

secret.

I'm not
heroes

enemy is needed. Uktenaé
that — finding the mos
that hides behind wal
hoary secrets and forcii
in the harsh light of day

Their methods of tr

of enemy, the kind
, misdirection and
ir shells to be gutted

nifig Full Moons put influence on
honor, discipline and e of the spirits above glory-
hounding, which in my eans they tend to produce a
better breed of Ahroun then most. Fetishes are highly
valued as a sign of glory by Uktena, so you can expect their
blooded warriors to carry a nice bag of extra magic tricks to
augment their already flexible Gifts as well. One final note
about Uktena warriors: I've noticed that a lot of them seem
to have an incredible faculty for memorization; I'm not sure
why, but it might have something to do with being able to
read documents stile site and then put them back

undisturbed.

with foreign
agents and rted to false religions in a terrifying
cultural imj es, | understand why the Wendigo are
angry, why they hate my tribe, and they have my compassion
for all that they have lost. I also recognize the tremendous
strength they demonstrate, both in fighting the literal manifes-
tations of the Wyrm and in enduring beneath the weight of the
lot to which their human Kin have been subjected. They excel
at fulfilling the inspirational duty of the Ahroun, and in wiping
away that shame with pride, fortitude and traditional virtue.
But there is also a grimmer side to these cunning heroes.
More so than any other tribe, they have surrendered to
hatred, and in their Rage-madness some of them are killing
everything their tribe is sworn to protect. How much better
off might their Indian Kinfolk be if their tribe was as
levelheaded as the Uktena or Shadow Lords? Their weak-
ness is not so unlike our weakness was in our darkest hour:
I remember Mother Germany as she was under the Treaty of
Versailles, our children growing up in squalor so that British
and French nobles could gild their houses with fine architec-
ture. | remember what that shame felt like, how deeply the
anger burned. And I will never be able to forget the mistake
that anger led the Get to make. It's a cause for hope, then,
when I see how many young Wendigo warriors turn away
from the prejudices of their elders and work to make the tribe

114

—_—_—,

Book of Auspices

a relevant and powerful part of the Garou Nation, putting
aside old grievances and working toward common goals
with the European Garou. It does seem that, as winter gives
way to spring, each new generation of Garou, however much
smaller, brings a new perspective to their tribe. Nowhere are
these youthful spirits mode needed than among the Wendigo.
And of course, the Black Spiral Ahroun rightfully
terrify us — there is no noble spirit of competition here, no
sportsmanlike love of the conflictéBhere is only the absolute
necessity that must bedhade dead, now, by any means
possible. ptheys Strike a disturbing chord with us,
just a e thei f - do with Si Ragabash,
their Theur, t0 our gesyandBonicr Nobody wants
f Ei When a young
Garou first meets the Spirals, they seem 50: alien, $0 horrific
in their mad violences ‘But then, later in life, she will
eventually see a Gaian Ahroun plastered with the blood of
the innocent andip iffed full with the joy of killing, and the
crazed paren will no » longer seem so alien. That, in
truth, xactly what aSpiral Alhroun) are: our darkest
destiny, what we beet der our duty and
embrace hubiiss at rer:
the Wyrm — I dog Tove only
themselves. Wi otion, all
they have left Beco. énce, and a hungry kind of
hatred that willnever be sated, no matter how much it is fed.
I wonder how like the modern Get the White Howlers
were, all those yeats.ago.. . are you shocked that I might say
that about my own tribe, cub? Be shocked.

Rohe be fle Pack

Many auspices have acomplex and nuanced role to play
in pack missions, but ours is dead simple: It is your duty to
take the front line, to lead the charge and to shield your
packmates from any physical harm. This does not mean that
a packmate of a different auspice should be allowed to grow
weak or infirm, but they will often be addressing other issues
— banishing a hostile spirit, trying to break into a guarded
complex, seeking out a fetish with mystical sight — and it's
your responsibility to ensure they have the safety and the
time they need to do that. When a packmate fails in battle,
you as the Ahroun share her dishonor, because it is your
responsibility to provide the military support and guidance
she needs to ensure she does not fail.

End of story.

Lie yeh

As filled with Rage as we are, many Ahroun begin their
existence as werewolves with a First Change that is even
more violent than normal. You hear a lot of stories about
how a nascent Garou discovered her heritage tearing apart
would-be muggers, rapists or SS types terrorizing her neigh-
bors. These are the First Change stories sung at moots,
because as visceral and bloody as they are, they are still the
comforting type. Many Garou have it far, far worse in that
department. The Change is brought on by intense stress,

to fight them:

ee

4


terror or feelings of aggression, and human nature being
what it is, that means that it is often a condescending
teacher, annoying younger brother or accusing parent that
bears the full brunt of the newly-fledged werewolf's Rage.
Ironically, women seem more prone to this particular kind
of tragedy than men — males learn very early on how much
harm they can cause by lashing out physically, but human
women don't have as much training in that area. Regardless,
many Ahroun of both genders carry the secret of the true
circumstances surrounding their First Change to their grave
with them. Certainly, some Ahroun have happier begin-
nings than these, but blood and death are not uncommon in
the opening chapter of an Ahroun's existence.

The Rite of Passage fora. Ahroun varies little across
the tribes — it's one tradition no'ene will dare to change.
Ahroun come of_age ima live-firetest, a,visceral combat
against a live Wyrmilereatute. The weaker tribes make,sure
that the Rite is "safe" — there ate elders nearbyito bail out
the cub if he losés the fight. Other tribes arenotso nurturing
my own Get, theFianna and the Wendigo all have mafiy
stories 6fR ites of Passageending ina fatality. But alone, tiny
Bane-or fomor is still not'a, match for even.an untrained
Garouyand once Ahroun instincts take over, victory is the
coffimon Gutcome. 2.

Stop and think about how that must feel, though: you'te
atypical teénager, maybe a littLeémotional and a bit of a loner
due to the Curse, and you have just gutted another probably
sapient being with your bare hands. Your face and fur are
plastered with blood and other discharges, and every ounce of
prior socialization you've ever had is telling you that what you
just did is an atrocity —remember, you're a cub; you probably
don't really understand the Wyrm. And then around you,
everyone is cheering — they're busy telling you you're a hero,
a paragon, a great warrior in the making. For the first time in
your short life, you find real acceptance. Think about the
impact of that. It explains a lot about our auspice, really.

The tragic truth is that most young Ahroun are taught
to grow up as glory-hounds — more willing to die for Gaia
then to live well in Her name. There tends to be a very high
turnover rate among us, both naturally as we are the front-
line shock troops of the Garou Nation, and unnaturally due
to the haze of fatalism and despair that has crept over the
Garou Nation since the Great War. As with most Garou
auspices and human professions alike, youth isa time of little
forethought and little introspection, but our kind some-
times exaggerate this to almost a caricature. Rashness is
forgiven, particularly if it led to a victory this time. Many
things that would get another Garou taken to task by the
elders are ignored in an Ahroun, particularly in a purebred
one who shows great prowess in his early battles. A number
of quick and brutal battles with Wyrm-beasts often leads an
Ahroun into middle-age before his natural time — we pass
through the early Ranks with less chronological age than
the other auspices; unlike Honor and especially Wisdom,
Glory does not take ages of study and training to accumu-
late. It just takes luck, victory and a good reputation.

Chapter Five: Avengers of the Sacred Mother

————E—

Sesame emcee reece Nn ee

There comesa time in every Ahroun's life when a choice
must be made, even though the vast majority never even
realize it is put before them. The choice is between ego and
duty, between selfish solipsism and honorable service to a
higher spiritual power. The greatest temptation an Ahroun
will ever face is to believe the things that make life easy to live.
You've heard them all before: As an Ahroun, the greatest share
of the glory, the first kill, the best fetishes are mine by right, and it's
my duty to claim them. The Bastet/Glass Walkers / Shadow Lords
/ Namebreakers / Jews / Metis are as much the enemy as the Wyrm
is, andit's my duty to kill them. I am clearly the best leader my pack
/ sept / tribe could have, and thus it's my duty to claim power. The
war can never possibly be won anyway, so it's my duty to die a
glorious death. Clearly, duty becomes somewhat less of a
burden when you get to choose what it is. This is what
differentiates being a hero from being a caricature of a hero.

Fewer Ahroun survive to be elders than any other
auspice, at least among the more violent tribes. Those that do
are canny and powerful veterans of a thousand battles, and
suffer the additional responsibility of living without most
normal checks and balances — usually, no other being in the
nearby area can challenge the might ofan Ahroun elder. That
gives them a dangerous freedom from the consequences of
their own actions, at least for the amount of time it takes to
do great damage to the Nation. Those who have surrendered
to ego become the tyrants of the sept, hoary old beasts living
in echoes of the glory of their past deeds and using brute force
tocrush any who offend them. This kind of Ahroun elder isn't
always obvious — sometimes he makes an excellent tactical
leader, bringing his sept to victory after victory, and so they
are popular and respected in the Nation overall. But once a
sept has embraced the kind of dictatorship of glory this
Ahroun elder offers, it grows subtly diseased, and like an Aztec
temple it constantly needs new blood spilt to sustain itself. It
can then only be a matter of time until all the obvious
manifestation of the Wyrm nearby are destroyed, and the
Ahroun begins seeing his neighboring septs less as equals and
allies, and more as juicy potential conquests. Soon, Garou will
turn claw and fang against Garou, and Luna will weep for the
one who has betrayed his duty so gravely...

Role be fhe Sept

The Ahroun's first and foremost role in any sept is
military. Young Ahroun act as the sept's shock troops,
participating in raids, tactical strikes and other offensive
actions on the elders' behalf. Most Full Moons have few
qualms with being used in this manner, as it's the most rapid
path to glory and advancement foran Ahroun. Elder Ahroun
still fight on behalf of the sept, but their positions are more
often defensive — right or wrong, Garou society still places
more emphasis on protecting caerns than on taking the fight
to the Wyrm. This is solid tactics in a conflict of poor odds,
actually; gambits and risks don't tend to pay off the way the
do in the movies. Glory-mad Ahroun sometimes insist on
leading raiding parties even when they belong in the caern;

15

a

|

this can be particularly tragic, as no Warder
should ever be off leading an attack and leaving
her sept exposed to danger.

The two sept positions most often justly held
by Ahroun are Wyrm Foe and Warder — both of
these require a potent warrior and mix glory with
duty, making them highly desirable to Full Moons.
The post of Wyrm Foe is open to lower-ranked
f ~Ahroun and doesnot mean being tied to the sept,
making it singularly the most coveted title among
young Ahroun, and the cause of far more chal-
lenges, bitterness and politicking than it should
rightly be. The Warder is a more stable position,
and one worthy ofa great deal of respect: a Warder
is not only one of the most powerful Garou
warriors in existence, he is one who has decided
to put his devotion to duty above the privilege
and glory of leading offensives. A Warder often
leadsa very slow existence, but it's a righteous one
none the less.

Ahroun rarely claim the highly ritualistic sept
positions such as Ritemaster, Master of the Howl or
Caller of the Wyld. There are a few cases where you
might see an Ahroun in an unusual position, how-
ever. Firstly, some septs so idolize war and milita-
rism thatall the significant sept titles are awarded to
Full Moons by default, as no other auspice is consid-
ered worthy. Obviously, such a sept is deeply
imbalanced, inept in the ways of spiritualism and
Q tradition —butoften they just don'tcare. There are
brighterreasons tofindan Ahroun inan unconven-

tional position, however. Sometimesan Ahroun
of high Rank is as deeply devoted to Honor
as Glory, and finds himself is a position

. where he must remain in the bounds of
a reasonably safe sept every hour of
every day, justin order to fulfill his duty

as Warder or Guardian. These Full
Moonsoften take onadditional ritual

tasks (including even the role of
ritemaster) both to express their

supreme devotion to the spir-

its and to keep themselves

N busy in times of peace.

y, Other Ahrounsimply have

unusual aptitudes their el-

ders deem it fit to take ad-

vantage of. Regardless, what a sept with Ahroun in
ritualistic posts lacks in formality and tradition, it
frequently makes up for in the sheer sincerity of it's
devotions; few beings understand sacrifice and duty
in the name of Gaia as an Ahroun does, and that
loyalty comes across in any rites or howls they lead.
How much the Council of Elders is domi-
"nated by Full Moons depends on the sept and
the tribe. I've heard that among Children of


Gaia and Stargazer septs we have little council voice at all.
In the more warlike tribes, the Council is often dominated
completely by Ahroun. The healthiest mix is surely some-
where in the middle, with Ahroun Councilors offering the
military perspective, Theurges offering the spiritual,
Ragabash challenging preconceptions and Philodox bal-
ancing it all to reach the final decision. Sadly, with modern
Garou numbers that's almost never a reality. In septs where
an Ahroun has wormed his way up to being sept leader, you
rarely see a powerful Council of Elders moderating his
power. Full Moons do not share authority well, and have a
tragic tendency to crush those who stand in their way.

Abroun avd fhe Otter Aupheet

Now before I start ranting about our relationship with
the various other auspices, there are two important points I
want to drill into your heads. First of all, Ahroun get asked for
help and service by other Garou a lot more than we ask, and
that's the way it should damned well be. Your packmates are
going to need you— to defend them, to lead them into battle,
to take point position every single time — and you are going to
swallow it up and fulfill any reasonable request you get. Why?
Because it's your duty, unfair or not. If your Theurge needs to
do a rite in order to put that great swollen Bane to sleep, or
your Galliard wants to tell a politically meaningful parable in
ahostile sept, or your Ragabash wants to get someplace others
don't want her to be and won't even tell you why — you are
their shield, and it's up to you to make sure nothing hostile
gets its hands, claws or tentacles on them, even if it means that
you get the sucking chest wound and they get the Renown for
a great victory against the Wyrm.

And that leads me into the second point: we Full Moons
have got to remember that we are a fifth of the equation, not
the entirety, and that the other Garou can accomplish things
we can never dream of. We're simple beings, in the end, and
as much as our simple solutions are often desperately needed,
they do not truly solve most things, let alone everything. We
hold the line against the Wyrm, and we do that with every
ounce of will and vigor in our bodies, but in the end that is all
we can really do. It falls to the others to purify what is already
corrupt, to perceive and analyze the true and spiritual nature
of our foe and to reclaim the things that once belonged to
Gaia, our beloved Mother. Ahroun are catalysts to much that
is proud and glorious, but no great and lasting victory against
the Wyrm is won by us alone. Worse — and you may ascribe
this to my cynicism if you desire, but I believe it none the less
— many of the Garou Nation's greatest sins have occurred
when we, the Full Moons, stepped out of our place as ap-
pointed by Gaia and tried to become the leaders, warriors,
judges and spiritualists, all wrapped up in one.

Ragabash frustrate us more often then not. Our great Rage
is often mistaken by the tricksters for inflated ego (and of
course, many Ahroun do indeed have too high an opinion of
themselves) and this makes us a prime target for their games. In
Ragabash, Rage at least begins weak, barely a flicker compared
to our own, andas they develop it they also gain the experience

Chapter Five: Avengers of the Sacred Mother

EE

Ser sanse ameeare reece Nes ee

tocontrol itatthesame pace—this means that they really have
nounderstanding ofthe nature of curstfuggle to guide ouranger
responsibly and avoid letting the violence boil over and hurt
those nearest us. Ragabash are circuitous beings, and'many see
us a§ €asy to manipulate or toy with, given our moreidirect
natures. Few Ahroun take great pleasure in social games, and
fewer still are able to take taunting with composure, Ragabash
are ordained by Gaia to challenge traditions and break out of
conventions, and that can be very taxing for us to deal with,
especially for Ahroun of great enough rank to be military
commanders. No general wants an unknown factor running
around on the battlefield intentionally acting to make the
situation more chaotic and unpredictable than it already is;
after all, as war leaders, we're responsible for the lives of those
aroundus. Nonetheless, most Ahroun view theifipackRagabash
as a valued tactical asset, valuing their,stealth abilities and
powerful Gifts, and seeking to use them as a means to strike
against the Wyrm in indirect, unexpected ways. Further, aclose
friendship with a Ragabash is not a luxury every Ahroun has,
but those thatido claim such Garou aid them tremendously in
deeply personal ways—none are better at brightening the spirit
and easing the great burden our duties place on us than the
Ragabash. Indeed, more than one Full. Moon has been saved
from the depths of Harano by hisPriekster pal. Never fall into
the easy mental trap of belieyitig these Garou are useless—they
are anything but.

Theurges, in the end, are the representation of every-
thing we are fighting for. Spirit Warriors, remember? A lot of
Theurges I've metand talked to have some pretty revolution-
ary ideas about what the Nation should be doing, and how we
can strike truly lasting blows against our enemy. As often as
not, the truly important battles in this war are symbolic rather
than literal, and the Theurges are as adept on that battlefield
as we are on. ours — but they need our support, our manpower
and political sway, and so it is most often us they end up
having to convinee thattheir approach is best. We, of course,
embody the conservative to their visionary — no general
wants to risk the lives of those under his command on an
untested, possibly useless idea. This is, I think, a good and
natural balance, as long as we remember to stop and actually
listen to what our shamansate saying. Too often, Rage blinds
us and we forget the eritical importance of listening.

Certainly, there is tension =. there always is. Many
Ahroun feel the mystics and priests ofthe Garou Nation do
not pull their full share of the weight in the wat effort — I can
attest from long experience that this allegation is bluntly
untrue. Itcan also be frustrating toa war leader to have to cope
with his support personnel being enigmatic about important
tactical information, in order to boost the prestige of their
own priesthood — don't believe the Theurges are any freer of
the very homid foibles of ego and pretension than we are
because of their spirit ties; they are just subtler about it.

Theurges also have the luxury of placing a much greater
value on life then we do, being the Nation's appointed
healers, trust-keepers and nurturers. They are the Garou most
likely to be shocked or outraged at many of the more horrific

117

i \

(fin a se merece rsa

None mn conenen mererennennrasserara

things our sacred duty demands of sg ribgs dues this,is their
problem, not ours. Ifa"
binding need to sefve a spiritual patron. nik all one's heatt
and soul, déing whatever is asked, who can? Even those that
do understand, however, often find the extremes of carnage
we experience unsettling. In that regard, they aren't too alien
— we ourselves are frequently disturbed by both our capacity
for and the necessity of violence in our lives.

GaiaandLunacreated Philodox as the personification of
balance, and it'sa task they fulfill very well indeed. Attentive
listeners will no doubt have picked up by now on my bias
against seeing Full Moonsin long-term positions of leadership
within the Nation. It's my bias, and | freely admit it, but on the
other hand... how many.of the great atrocities of the Garou
Nation have Ahroun fingerprints all over them? I doubt that
Theurges started the War of Rage, or Galliards were foremost
promoting the Impergium. This i is not to say that Ahroun are
wrong Or corrupt — just that we need something to balance
our anger and aggression, and there is nothing better in the
domain of balance then a Philodox)

In my opinion, while we are the best'War-leaders of the
Garou, the Philodoxare ahead by miles in terms of béifig the
best long-term political leaders. Their balance and disci-
pline gives them the objectivity needed to make decisions,
and they lack our purity of purpose — when compromise is
necessary, they will make it. Philodox feel the same Rage we
do, unlike the Ragabash, but it's not so strong as to be the
driving force in their lives. And all their studies, their duties
and their Gifts teach them integrityand level-headedness.
Ifas an Ahroun youdoend up asa sept or packileader — and
in truth we areal individuals, and many Ahrotin are well
suited to theifole of leader — then you can have nolgreater
asset than a Philodox adviser. Only the Philodox have the
clarity of vision to tell when our Rage, our passion, has begun
to cloud our vision. And the Philodox alone will tell an
Ahroun this, even if doing so cost him his life. The
Philodox are like us in that they understand the weight of a
sacred duty and will hold toit even under the threat of death.

Ahroun often underestimates galliards, as we of all the
auspices are least likely to see the value of storytelling in the
End Times. We often fight with them over issues of glory, and
more than one Ahroun has been driven to fight a Galliard
over how a packmate has been portrayed by the fireside. The
sad truth is: that many, many Ahroun are glory-hounds, and
no matter how great one's deeds are a skilled Galliard can
make themsound like the fumbling ofa pup if given reason to.
often called the most political
ofthe Garou, afterall. Ofcourse, many Ahroun are egotistical
as well, and willtake anything s than being portrayed asthe
next Immaculate Hero as a mortal insult. Soh

Which is all the more to shame, because we have so
much in common with these tale-spinners. Galliards have
nearly as much Rage, on average, as we do, and in these dark
times that means the Garou Nation hews them into the role
of "backup Ahroun" — after us, the Galliards probably clock

118 Book of Auspices

—_———,

a 7

more hours of combat time than any other auspice, and most
haven't complained yet. Their Rage, and the fact that
together we compose the two auspices most driven by
passion, means that Ahroun "click" with Galliards more
frequently than any other auspice, forming deep friend-
ships... or other sorts of relationships. I've heard a lot about
Ahroun and Galliards breaking the Litany, and to be blunt
I'm too old, and the crisis on Gaia is to great, for me to care
that much. I'd guess some Ahroun find their passionate
nature compelling, while to them Full Moons are like the
heroes out of their legends.

Illicit activities aside, Galliards do us specifically a great
and needed service: They give us the opportunity to relax.
Their skill with emotions helps bring all the anguish, pain
and tragedy that being a warrior and a murderer (and yes,
you are — I've never met an Ahroun whom | believed had
only ever killed in perfect justice) causes to the surface,
excising it. They are bringers of catharsis, and we owe them
more than they will ever understand for that simple service.
They understand our more violent nature, and are amicable
to the rough kind of relaxation that would make a more
effete Theurge or disciplined Philodox uncomfortable.
Galliards are also among the Nation's greatest tactical assets
in this modern age — never underestimate the importance
of their social (and outright manipulative!) skills in this
perplexing world the apes have built. In this way, a good
Galliard is like a fine sword: always keep yours well-honed,
close at hand and never hesitate to apply him when he is the
most effective weapon for the situation"at hand.

I've heatd it said that Ahroun don't respect spirits the
way Theurges do. That's a load of utter bullshit — orat least
it should be, ifall members of my auspice wefe living up to
their duty. The truth is that we are the Spirit Warriors, and
in the end everything we do, éVery.cause we bleed and die
fér, is in the name of one spirit or anothetyNow,clearly, we
don't study spirits the way Theurges do; many of us aren't
even able to talk to them. But we get our point across none
the less, and as grateful as a raccoon-spirit will be to a
Theurge who swears never to dress in red as chiminage for
a Gift, said spirit will also likely revere the Ahroun who guts
a pack of Banes terrorizing the Glen it likes to hang out in.
We do have our uses to the spirit worlds.

Note that there's no talk of exchanging favors here.
Ahroun don't intuitively think that way about spirits at all.
Sure, it's great to have a few fire elementals watching one's
back when assaulting a Spiral Hive, but we'll usually get a
Theurge or Philodox to negotiate with them on our behalf
instead of doing it ourselves. We serve the spirits, not the
other way around, anda good Ahroun is going to tend to have
a rather selfless attitude toward the spirit world, almost by
instinct. Gaia and Her Brood are our cause, after all. They are
the heart of our war, and no knight wants to go begging to his
liege's yeomen to polish his sword or get a message to the

a

|


Outer Baronies. There's more awe, more reverence in the way
aknightsees his liege —same with an Ahroun and the spirits.

Most Ahroun deal primarily with animal and elemen-
tal spirits. Because we've even less likely then the other non-
Theurge auspices to devote time to learning the Gift of
spirit-talk, our relations with the spirit world tend to be
largely empathic — but a lot can be said without using any
words at all. Sometimes an Ahroun who is not blinded by
ego has the unpleasant experience of truly understanding
how he looks through the eyes of a plant-spirit, or another
spirit that shuns Rage. It's a deeply painful revelation, a
betrayal we could never have hoped to avoid but feel guilt
over none the less. So we pretend it does not matter, and
avoid those spirits we know are offended by our presence.

Many other spirits are highly amicable to Rage, passion
and violence, however. Ahroun tend to develop the deepest
relationships with elementals and spirits of vicious, predatory
animals. These things resonate with us, and we with them;
many such spirits are willing to follow,ussimtoybattlé‘on the
front lines for the sheer joy of doihg'sos which alsomakesthem
an asset to us. Friendshipsuch as these can and often do last
an Ahroun from,the Rite of Passage to the grave.

tomar Refationthjes

Saying that Ahroun relations with humans are troubled
would be a tremendous understatement. The Curse is in its
fullest effect with us, and thatamakes any kind of extended
relationship with human gtoups basically impossible. A
number of tribes' Ahroun view themselves as forces acting
on human society to guide and improve it — this is particu-
larly common among Glass Walkers, Children of Gaia,
Bone Gnawers and Black Furies — but in the end that's all
they can be: forces that control, not friends that relate.
Because of this we are the auspice that is most dependeng
upon our place in Garou society,,and most affected by how
other Garou view us. Galliards may be more socially adept
in Garou circles, but we are more committed t6,the Garou
social life because if it fails us, we have nowhere ele to turn.

The one area in which Garou society cannot cover our
needs is mating. We tend not to deal with long-term
monogamy well — even with the Curse aside, there is still
the fact that we go into battle frequently not knowing if
we're coming back, and that becomes a lot harder to do
when one hasaspouse waiting at home. Female Ahroun find
that their male spouses often want to fight at their side, but
this is of course impossible. A human wife or husband is also
a tactical liability, and an Ahroun cannot lead the battle
charge at the same time that he is guarding the homestead.
Finally, very few human women (or men) want to be in a
long-term relationship with a being as volatile and outright
bloodthirsty as an Ahroun. They really can't relate to us, in
the end — we are a different species, for Christ's sake; why
ever would we expect that they could? For all these reasons
and more, finding an Ahroun ina stable romantic relation-
ship is exceedingly uncommon. I've heard a few stories
about those that supposedly made it work, but as a warrior

Seer mse es emrweseren reece Nn ee

anda Garou I have better things to do with my time then run
about trying to confirm them.

So it is that most Ahroun mating is a quick, uncommit-
ted and filled with animalistic passion. This is not always as
romantic or pleasant as it may initially sound, however.
Having lived many years and seen much of how my auspice
finds mates, I now come to believe this is a great source of
shame for the Garou Nation. My experiences come from my
own tribe, but I doubt any others are completely superior.
Matings between Ahroun and Kin often fail to account for
the desires of the Kin in the partnership. This is usually not
explicitly rape, but it's certainly a rather callous and selfish
approach to another thinking being's sexuality.

There is a certain mindset that leads many Ahroun to
equate Kin women with plunder — their share of the spoils
of war may not only include fetishes and the first taste of the
kill, but mating rights with the prettiest (or even more
disturbingly, the youngest or most virginal) Kin girls in a
given $ept/Women become valued not as people, not even

as | to support the Nation, but as
prestige. There is a very "alpha male"
psychology ¢ ‘seen many Ahroun express to
sire,children — notfor the cause of Gaia but to spread their
seed, to prove their genetic superiority by,ensuring their
bloodline lives on past their mortal existencé»Kinfolk are
just the tools they have to use to enact this formula of
immortality. The problem magnifies because it is not just a
few ego-mad individuals who take this attitude toward
sexuality; archaic traditions and mythology of Garou'cul-
‘ture can often be misinterpreted or twisted to support it.
Kinfolk are told from day one that mating with Garou is

their duty; evén if they are supposed to be able to choose

sleep with an individual werewolf or
difficult to deny consent in the social

: "context in Retcly Kin live. Even if tradition were not an

‘issue, 48 it even possible for a human being to give valid
consent to a creature that so utterly terrifies her on an
instinctive level? I sometimes fear that the power gap
between human and Garou is just too great....

The most tragic note in all of this sordid business is that
we really have no trouble mating in a perfectly honorable
fashion if we so desire. Most Ahroun are reasonably young and
in prefect physical fitness, and as much as our Rage might
disquiet humans in long-term relationships, it also provides us
with a powerful animalistic allure in a sexual context. So the
bottom line is that we have no real trouble finding completely
willing mates among healthy Kin if we put ina little effort and
think about their feelings. Yet many of us force ourselves upon
unwilling or reluctant humans out of lust or pride or simple
disregard. In all my years I have not seen a more loathsome
facet of Garou society than this one. It does put one in the
mindset to understand where the Furies are coming from in
their anger against men, | must admit.

A final note: mating, as nature through Gaia has
defined it, is an act that takes place between a male and a

Chapter Five: Avengers of the Sacred Mother 119

CO na

i

|

Seen cere eraser ume an anaes san are anna remsmorrensmnerenvh

female, and thus has the capacity to produce offspring.
Because of the Litany, it is not unheard of for men in my
tribe, and likely in others, to find succor and companionship
in each other's arms. I choose to see this as an expression of
perfect platonic love and brotherly camaraderie, much as it
was viewed by the ancient Greeks, but of course many rigid
Philodox would disagree, calling it another form of mating
and thus proscribed. Still, no metis will result from this, and
inall honesty when I compare the flavor of these friendships
to the feel of the "mating" that I have often seen occur
between male Garou and female Kin in my long life, I find
it hard not to see this kind of coupling as among the most
honorable of the difficult choices an Ahroun desiring com-
panionship has available to him.

The Other So of the Coln

William's cynicism is showing through again. There
may be truth in what he says here — though the term
wasn't coined yet in his age, I think the Garou equiva-
lent of "date rape" might be disturbingly common
among Full Moons. However, he neglects to fully stress
the number of Ahroun who do mate with impeccable
honor. A great many Ahroun are empathic enough to
know whether their partners want what they want, and
wise enough to let go of those that don't.

Further, I've heard Kin of both genders speaking
about their mating experiences with Ahroun — while
I've met some who felt bullied, abused or used, there are
many others who say, in words I cannot reprint here,
that the experience was quite fulfilling (the term "night
of wanton pleasures" strangely comes to mind) and that
they were later deeply proud to raise a child of such
overall importance to the world as a young Garou is.
Our society has never had the great problems with
gender inequity that homids have had throughout
history, perhaps due to the great physical might Garou
of either gender are lent. The Litany demands that we
treat our Kin with respect, and even in our final hours
asa race, I believe we acquit ourselves in this far better
than many other social groups would, if put under the
same pressures our race is facing now.

Io Cjeting

Ican in truth summarize everything there is to being an
Ahroun with a few simple words: you are a warrior and a
hero, so start acting like it. It's your responsibility to carry
this age into the next, to win a little more time for Gaia and
hold back the onrushing corruption while our spiritualists
and healers try to find a long-term solution.

Quit being selfish. Put aside your ego, make your anger
righteous instead of ignominious and claim the mantle of
the Spirit Warrior that was set out for you at birth.

Fulfill your duty.

120
——_

a 77

Book of Auspices

—————————

rontije Nofy

Story's over — here's the out-of-character lowdown on
how to work the Ahroun auspice into your chronicles best,
whether you are the Storyteller for your troupe or just the
player of a Full Moon character.

eytng the Abroun

Very few players need a book to tell them how to play
a warrior character in a roleplaying game. Unlike shamans
or lorekeepers, the warrior is something that everyone has
played at one time or another, and it's a role that's hard to
really do "wrong." There are, however, a few points to keep
in mind:

1. Don't hog the light. Yes, you are Gaia's Chosen
Warrior, and contrary to the in-character narration given
here most Ahroun still consider themselves the leaders of
the Garou. But that doesn't entitle you to boss the other
players around in a domineering fashion or assume that your
character is the "main" character in a story. Remember that
your role is the inspiration to the pack, and part of that
entails making sure that every packmate has something
significant todo in an adventure. Marking the word "Ahroun"
on your character sheet doesn't magically make your char-
acter more significant than her packmates.

2. Understand the Curse. Reread the rules for it
starting at the bottom of page 191 of Werewolf, and then
think about the impact it has on your character. If you're
playing a lupus, remember that it affects wolves too. An
Ahroun who spends two freebie points to raise Rage to 7 —
not atypical for an Ahroun character — will as a side effect
inherently terrorize 93% of humanity with her mere pres-
ence. That's going to have a huge impact on both your
personality and on your background. Think about it as you
design your character.

3. Don't be a Combat Monkey. Many Ahroun are
spoiling fora fight at every opportunity, and it's perfectly valid
to roleplay that... to a point. Your bloodlust should be in-
character, not out-of-character; make sure you're not coming
to the session just to roll dice and kill things — that's not the
point of Werewolf at all. Make sure your character is reason-
able enough not to spoil others' roleplaying experiences, as
well— ifthe pack Galliard wants to try her social skills to trick
some information out of a Pentex mook, it's really unfair both
to the Galliard character and her player for your character to
run up and throat him before she can speak. Rigidly "playing
in character" and not compromising on "what my character
would do in this situation" is not in any way a virtue if it makes
the game less fun for the other players.

Similarly, make sure that your character has goals,
desires and skills that don't relate strictly to combat. If you
sit there looking bored and making sarcastic comments
whenever there's no action, you're taking away from the
game for everybody, and that's not kosher.

|


4. Accept Pyrrhic victories; earn real ones. Whether or
not your character does in-character, make sure that you realize
out-of-character that simply gutting Banes at random does
nothing toadvance the real fight to help Gaia. The real villains
in Werewolf cannot be defeated by claws and Gifts alone, and
though violence can certainly play a part in their defeat,
spiritual healing or some other higher ideal is most often
necessary for Gaian forces to win a true victory. Most Ahroun
maynotfully realize this, but it's important that playersdocatch
on, out of character, or they will end up frustrated and embit-
tered at the Storyteller when the plot makes it clear their many
bloody battles haven't actually healed Gaia one whit.

5. You don't need to be "cool." Many roleplaying
games encourage players to emphasize style and cinematic
panache in the characters they play — Exalted is a good
example of this genre. Werewolf, however, is by default not
— individual chronicles may vary, but the default setting is
inspired more by ancient mythology then by John Woo.
Make sure you flesh out your character's motivations, back-
ground and yes, even failings, rather than worrying that he's
not going to come off as enough of a hard-ass.

Jyafe of the War

The nature of the conflict between the servitors of Gaia
and the Wyrm impacts the Ahroun directly and constantly,
more so than any other Garou. Unfortunately, the exact
character of the war varies from chronicle to chronicle, and
the way the Storyteller decides to present it greatly influences
the life and perspective of an Ahroun character.

Pope and Reality

Are the Garou truly fighting a hopeless war for Gaia, a
war in which the Wyrm has already won? Werewolf has
ominous shadings, but the game does not directly answer the
question of how hopeless the struggle really is. Ina truly grim
game, there may be only a tiny handful of caerns left in the
world and the Wyrm embodied in every corner. In this case,
there is likely much less genuine effort to combat the
influence and impact of the Wyrm, and more brittle adher-
ence to the literal, outmoded tenets of Honor and Glory.
Defeating the Wyrm isn't really on anybody's mind; what
most Ahroun (rather selfishly) want is to rigorously follow
their traditional role and die "nobly" defending Gaia.

At the other extreme, the war is still up in the air and the
game exchanges nihilistic violence for modern mythology,
making the Garou's cause a true struggle, with waxing and
waning influence on both sides. In this case, the Ahroun need
to work a lot more closely with other auspices, and are likely
exploring many new strategies to turn the conflict to their
advantage. While Garou are ill-equipped to face the Wyrm
on many of it's chosen battlefields, they are not incapable of
adaptation — here, Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers are
certainly not the only werewolves with influence and finesse
in the human world. It's not inexcusable for a chronicle to
give the Garou a chance to take back some ground from the

Chapter Five: Avengers of the Sacred Mother

ee

See ransr sameeren reas ee

Wyrm, after all, and in a game where that's truly possible, the
heroic aspect of the Ahroun takes center stage.

Crowlele Ntorelfy

There are a lot of shades of gray in Werewolf, but
there's also pitch-black evil, objective and tangible. The
Triatic Wyrm is not a misunderstood preserver of balance;
it is corruption and depravity incarnate in the world. Most
Ahroun have done some very bad things, and they tend on
average not to be the nicest people, but ultimately their
struggle is desperately necessary. It's dead easy to turn the
auspice into a caricature of intolerance by making the Wyrm
into the wronged party somehow, but this loses a tremen-
dous amount of the drama and complexity that underlies
them. In Werewolf, the (ideal) Ahroun are not psycho-
paths, but warriors fighting a war that definitely needs to be
fought. That doesn't mean all their actions are justified by
any means — ask the Japanese about Hiroshima and "nec-
essary wars" — but it does mean that they are most often
killing stuff that really does need to be killed.

If you as Storyteller are going to make the Wyrm "less
black and white" in your chronicle, it's only fair to adapt the
Ahroun (and to a lesser extent, all Garou culture) accord-
ingly. This can be particularly important in a Vampire/
Werewolf crossover game. If you choose to cast the vam-
pires as romantic figures and sensual nobility rather than the
sucking voids of corruption, violation and immaculate self-
ishness that they are in Werewolf, it makes sense to moder-
ate the Ahroun' attitude toward them accordingly; to do less
is to insult their intelligence. Most Ahroun do not gut
vampires on sight because they are religious zealots; they do
so because the Leeches are in an inescapable downward
spiral that is bound to consume many innocents and further
wound the spirit world in the process.

The Source of Rage

Garou religious orthodoxy attributes the power of their
Rage to Gaia's suffering, with Luna acting as a mystical
conduit allowing that anguish to be channeled to effective
ends. This is a simple, yet powerful mythic principle — the
Garouas the avengers of the violated Goddess, Her own anger
giving them the fury they need to stand firm against their
enemies. Yet the Garou have no concrete evidence to back
this belief up, and there are a number of discrepancies that
suggest that the orthodoxy may not be the whole of the truth.
Why do plant spirits, so clearly an aspect of Gaia's abundance
and fertility, shun those Garou in which Rage burns most
strongly? Why does extreme Rage lead a werewolf to risk acts
of great depravity? How is it that the frenzies of the Garou,
increasingly likely the stronger one's Rage is, so resemble
those experienced by the Leeches? Why do certain Banes
such as the Ragers seem able to exert such casual influence
over this aspect of werewolf nature? And if Rage is drawn from
Gaia's suffering at the hands of man, how isit that it was strong
enough to be a catalyst in the War of Rage long before Gaia

121

ri \

|

a AA

was seriously wounded? There is another obvious suspect as to
the source of the Garou's Rage, of course: the Wyrm.

Most werewolves obviously do not like to admit that
their race may be under the influence of the Wyrm in any way,
but there is a strong indication that the Wyrm may play a part
in the origin of Rage nonetheless. Some Uktena Ahroun
believe that Luna gave the Garou dominion over fury in order
to teach the Wyrm that anger does not need to be corruptive
— like any power, it can be used to righteous or ignoble ends.
A few Theurges put forth the heretical idea that every just and
temperate use of Rage brings the Wyrm closer to sanity, to it's
past function as the keeper of Balance. The Ahroun of the
Children of Gaia try to use fury to heal, promoting the idea
that Rage is an essential and healthy part of werewolf — and
human! — makeup, anger driving people to fight against
corruption, degeneracy and apathy. Yet Rage does not dis-
criminate between noble and corrupt uses — a point of Rage
spent in combat is equally effective if the Garou is fighting a
Bane or slaughtering a rival tribe's Kinfolk.

Whether the Storyteller wants to portray Rage primarily
as a virtue, a source of corruption or both greatly colors the
way the Ahroun appear, and what they experience, in her
chronicle. In Werewolf, the ultimate metaphysical nature of
Rage will likely never be revealed — it's one of the great
mysteries of the World of Darkness. One thing is clear, though
— just like any power, it can be used for good or ill, but using
it responsibly is always an uphill struggle. This fight — to be
the mortal embodiment of anger without directing it irre-
sponsibly — is at the very center of what it means to be an
Ahroun, and however pure or tainted Rage is in a given
chronicle, this central idea deserves at least some air time.

New Atroun Cif

The following Gifts are available to Ahroun characters
as auspice Gifts if the Storyteller decides to approve them in
her chronicle.

¢ Empathy of Hatred (Level One) — Using this Gift,
an Ahroun can tell at a glance how strongly a given
individual is ruled by anger — both at the moment and
over the course of their life. An Epiphling of Rage teaches
this Gift.

System: No roll is needed; the effect is automatic. By
spending an action focusing on a person, the Ahroun can
learn the permanent and temporary Rage that said person
possesses. This is most useful for spirits and other
shapechangers, of course, although some fomori may possess
Rage as well. The Shadow Lord Gift: Aura of Confidence
blocks the perception granted by this Gift completely.

© Pack Tactics (Level One) — While the Ahroun's
toleas the overall leader of Garou is questionable, there is no
doubt at all who should take control of the pack during a
battle. By taking the lead and coordinating pack actions, the
Ahroun gifts all of her packmates with great competence in
the heat of battle. A wolf-spirit teaches this Gift.

Book of Auspices

a

System: The player spends a Willpower point before
initiating a Pack Tactics maneuver (Werewolf, page 212),
and divides a pool of extra dice equal to her Leadership score
among everyone performing the maneuver. The dice should
be divided as evenly as possible, although the player may
choose where to distribute extra dice (or in case of the
Ahroun's Leadership score granting fewer dice than the
number of packmates involved).

¢ Spiritual Wrath (Level Two) — Garouare by nature
beings half of corporeal flesh and half of spirit ephemera,
living in two worlds simultaneously. By calling upon this
Gift, an Ahroun manifests her spiritual nature more strongly
than physical for a brief period, allowing her claws to cut
through defenses they could never normally pierce. This
Gift has no effect on creatures that are half spirit already,
like other Garou, fomori and changelings. But any being
entirely of one world, such as Banes, vampires, ghosts or
animals, is vulnerable to its sting. Any spirit of war can teach
this Gift..

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis; the
difficulty to soak the damage from a single claw attack the
Ahroun makes in that turn is raised to 9. Note that the usual
tule of being unable to spend Rage and Gnosis in the same
turn still applies.

© Renewed Vigor (Level Two) — By slaying a Wyrm
beast (or other enemy, shameful though inter-tribal conflict
may be) in a particularly spectacular fashion, the Ahroun
can inspire all allies who have her in their line of sight to
fight harder through her example. A hawk-spirit teaches
this Gift.

System: To activate this Gift, the Ahroun must have
spent at least three Rage points in that turn, and must have
killed an enemy with a stroke that brought it at least three
health levels below Incapacitated. The Ahroun spends a
point of Willpower, and all her Garou allies gain a number
of points of temporary Rage equal to her Charisma Rating.
Using this Gift does not require a separate action in combat
aside from the action used to kill the enemy.

¢ Purity of Spirit (Level Three) — Many Galliards
relate stories describing the werewolves' weakness to silver
as a kind of chiminage — the price Luna extracts from her
children for the gift of Rage. Using this Gift, the werewolf
can, at great cost, briefly shield himself against silver's
damaging power with his own spiritual energies. A Lune
teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou spends a number of Gnosis points,
and immediately receives this many automatic successes to
soak damage from silver, even if she has no dice to roll. The
effect lasts fora number of turns equal to the Gnosis spent, not
including the remainder of the turn in which it was activated.

The Gift does not take an action to activate, and indeed
can be activated immediately if the Garou has been struck by
surprise with a silver bullet or blade to help ameliorate the
damage... as long as the user hasn't spent any Rage that turn,

a

|


of course. This Gift cannot be active at the same time as Luna's
Armor; whichever is activated last cancels the prior Gift.

© Touch of Rage (Level Four) — Using this Gift, an
Ahroun can channela portion of her Rage to another, be the
beneficiary Garou, human or animal. In the former case, the
effect is fairly mundane, lending an ally strength in combat;
in the latter, it grants an awesome and destructive quality to
beings that do not normally possess such.

On a social level, this Gift can be a potent source of
inspiration (and instigation) as well — while Rage is an
intensely visceral and difficult-to-control quality, it also
bestows the ability to feel righteous anger at corruption and
injustice — a faculty many humans have lost in the quiet
apathy of the World of Darkness. A fury-spirit teaches this
Gift.

System: The Ahroun spends one Willpower, or two if
bestowing Rage on a mortal. He then expends a number of
temporary Rage points, and the target gains them and may
spend them normally. Once any points above the target's
normal maximum Rage (zero for humans) are spent, they are
gone for good barring a second use of this Gift.

This Gift cannot grant Rage to mages, ghosts or other
kinds of supernatural beings that do not already possess

See ransr sameeren reas ee

Rage. Spirits already have a Rage Trait, but can receive the
temporary points to use to gain extra actions in combat as
Garou do.

© Aegis (Level Five) — This Gift grants a Garou a
mystical aegis protecting her from attacks. This is not a
literal shield; rather, strikes simply fail to hit vital areas,
bullets deflect off a belt buckle and circumstance otherwise
conspires to prevent blows from landing solidly on the
warrior while this ability is in effect. A wind-spirit teaches
this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Willpower, and
the difficulty of all attack rolls made against her for the
duration of the scene are increased by two. Any attack roll
that scores only one success (after dodge, if applicable)
against the Garou is considered to be a graze, and inflicts
only bashing damage.

© One on One (Level Six) — The World of Darkness is
a complex place, filled with intrigue, misdirection and all
manner of supernatural evasion. Ahroun, however, are sim-
pler beings, and this Gift allows them to extend their direct
methods where they might not otherwise reach. The Garou
says a brief prayer to Luna and the other innumerable spirits
of blood, terror and vengeance in the Garou pantheon. She


Seen cere eraser ume an anaes san are anna remsmorrensmnerenvh

is then transported instantly to a single foe of her choice,
whom she may engage in one-to-one combat to the death
under Luna's own aegis. The foe cannot flee (though tactical
withdrawal with the specific intent of continuing the fight
this scene is acceptable), nor can she receive aid from outsid-
ers. The invoker is bound by same restrictions, of course.

Luna herself teaches this Gift, and not through an
avatar— the petitioner must journey to Luna's court in the
Aetherial Realm and convince the capricious goddess that
her reasons for needing this power are just.

System: This Gift cuts through all supernatural forms
of warding, concealment, contingency spells and similar
precautions without any roll. For the remainder of the scene,
both affected parties can receive no aid from other sources,
and can only use powers that are directly physical in nature.
A vampire's unearthly strength and speed or a faerie's ability
to strike at enemies with the spirit of holly would remain
potent, but a member of either race would be stripped of his
supernatural mind-clouding and unearthly presence. Like-
wise, a Namebreaker might throw lightning or increase his
own strength, but not teleport away or turn incorporeal to
avoid the Garou's strikes utterly.

This Gift involves the direct interference of the
Celestine Luna in mortal affairs, and the Storyteller should
remember that a thinking being is determining the Gift's
exact effects, not a defined supernatural spell. The Story-
teller should make judgment calls on the Gift's effects
keeping it within its intended spirit of providing a fair, open
and physical fight. A Garou asking to be transported to a
vampire in torpor, for example, might find the Leech awake
and ready to fight...

The Garou must expend a point of permanent Gnosis
to activate this Gift. Once the fight is done, normal rules
of reality reassert themselves — which might be bad if the
Garou has been sent to Malfeas or some other hellish
domain.

Nort and Frat

The following Traits are intended for Ahroun charac-
ters. Whether other characters can select them is a matter
left to the Storyteller's discretion.

Combat Expertre (2 potot Mert)
You've spent a great many hours in real, lethal combat
and you're practiced enough that you very rarely screw up

124

——_

a 77

truly badly. You may ignore one botch on an attack or dodge
roll each session.

Ltverse Vigbting Styfe 4 ' ott Martf)

You have trained in a truly vast range of different
methods of combat, and can apply the full extent of your
knowledge to the situation at hand. You never face penalties
in combat for using unfamiliar or exotic weapons, and you
can easily identify any weapon or fighting style you are
exposed to.

Irfectiow Courege (5 potot Nerf)

While it's the duty of all Ahroun to inspire valor on the
field of battle, it comes to you far more naturally than to
most; even among the stout Garou, your courage and resolve
is legendary. Whenever a fear-causing Gift or power is used
on you, adjust the difficulty of the roll by two in your favor.
Ifa similar ability is used on one or more of your packmates
and you are in their line of sight, adjust the difficulty by one
in their favor.

Jearved (2 pont Flew)

The unceasing brutality of existence as an Ahroun has
finally gotten under your skin. Your emotional responses of
all kinds are somewhat stunted, and almost nothing really
gets a rise out of you. Creepy. The difficulty of all Empathy
rolls you make is increased by two; if the adjusted difficulty
is above nine, you can't even attempt the roll.

Htulirkt (1-4 potof Fran)

You are firmly convinced that your own might is
superior to nearly anyone else's, that you are entitled to
benefits far above your actual station and that other Garou,
especially of the less combative auspices, are more nuisances
than aides. This doesn't necessarily make your arrogance
obvious to everybody; you might sublimate it very well, or
express it in only limited ways. But your tunnel vision does
leave you blind to many of the subtleties of the World of
Darkness, and at the higher levels of the flaw your mentality
can border on solipsism.

This Flaw is primarily intended for Storyteller charac-
ters, as itcan make a character difficult to cope with in a pack
and frustrating to roleplay with. A player who wants to apply
it to his character should double-check with both the
Storyteller and the other players first.

Book of Auspices

a



main books

WEREWOLF: THE APOCALYPSE (REVISED)
Www3sor
$29.95 US.

The core rulebook of the
game of Savage Horror, Hardcover.

WEREWOLF PLAYERS GUIDE SECOND EDITION
WWw3108
$25.00 US.

All kinds of new rules and
Traits for Werewolf players.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS HANDBOOK
WWw3205
$18.00 U.S.

All the secrets that Werewolf
Storytellers need to know.

od, AD
Tribebooks contain vital character information for players and Storytellers.

TRIBEBOOK: BLACK FURTES LITANY OF THE TRIBES VOLUME] LITANY OF THE TRIBES YOLUME3
(REVISED) WW3380 $20.00 U.S. WW3382 $20.00 U.S.
WW3851 $14.95 Combines the Children of Gaia, Bone Combines the Red Talons, Shadowlords

Gnawers and Black Furies Tribebooks. and Silent Striders Tribebooks.
TRIBEBOOK: BONE GNAWERS
(REVISED) LITANY OF THETRIBESVOLUME2 = LITANY OF THETRIBES VOLUME
WW3852 $14.95 US..S. WW3381 $20.00 U.S. WW3383 $22.95 U.S.

Combines the Get of Fenris, Fianna Combines the Silver Fangs, Stargazers,

and Glasswalkers Tribebooks. Uktena and Wendigo Tribebooks.


other supplements

ANANAST
WW3082 $17.95 U.S.

Rules for playing the shapechanging spider-
people of the World of Darkness

ART OF WEREWOLF:
THE APOCALYPSE
WW3803 $14.95 U.S.

The lavishly illustrated art hook that

accompanied the Werewolf limited ccition
now available individually.

AXTS MUNDI:

THE BOOK OF SPIRITS
WW3067 $18.00 US.

Details Gaia's family of spirits, from
mighty totems to the Naturae of trees,
stones and rivers,

BASTET
WW3075 $18.00 U.S.
The

Teves

BOOK OF THE WEAVER
WW3209 $19.95 US.
Learn the secrets of the most powerful

member of the Triat, one of the greatest
forces the Garou know.

BOOK OF THEWYLD
WW3113 $17.95 U.S.

Explore the source of all creation in this
book detailing the Wyld's awesome power.

BOOK OF THE WYRM
SECOND EDITION
WW3109 $18.00 U.S.

The cosmic enemy of the Garou revealed

CHRONICLE OF

THE BLACK LABYRINTH
WW3404 $12.95 US.

A compilation of Wyrm lore, collected

from eyewitness accounts throughout the
ages.

CORAX
WW3077 $15.00 U.S.
This Changing Breed Book details the

society of the wereravens.
CROATAN SONG
WW3112 $17.95 US.

Werewolves in Pre-Columbian North
America.

ts of the elusive werecats

cd.

FREAK LEGION: A PLAYERS
GUIDE TO FOMORT
WW3066 $12.00 US.

yw you can

fomor, courtesy of
«: Game Factory and the
Wyrm! For adults only.

GUARDIANS OF THE CAERNS
WW3212 $15.95 US.

The sourcebook about the secret lairs of
werewolves.

GURAHL

WW 3079 $17.95 U.S.

The werebears rise from their slumber in
this Changing Breed Book.

HENGEYOKAT:
SHAPESHTFTERS OF THE EAST
WW 3063 $20.00 U.S.

Witness — and play — the shapechangers
of the Far East.

KINFOLK: UNSUNG HEROES
WW 3074 $15.00 U.S.

Offers information for playing the mortal
kin of Garou or even the kin of other
Changing Breeds.

MOKOLE

WW 3081 $19.95 U.S.

Details the werectocodilians of the World
of Darkness.

NAGAH

WW 3084 $19.95 US.

NUWISHA

WW3076 $12.00 U.S.

Spotlights the werecoyotes, tricksters par
excellence.

RAGE ACROSS EGYPT
WW3114 $17.95 US.

RAGE ACROSS THE HEAVENS
WW3110 $19.95 U.S.

A book about Garou prophecies and
celestial influence: isting the greater
forces at work in the Umbral skies and
providing many heavenly Gifts.

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VOLUME

WW3069 $20.00 U.S.

Combines Caerns: Places of Power and
Rage Across Russia.

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VOLUME 3

WW3071 $18.00 U.S
Combines Rage Acrc
Rage Across the Ama

RATKIN

WW3080 $19.95 U.S.

The Ratkin take their rightful place
among the werebeasts with this Changing

Breed Book.

ROKEA

WW3083 $17.95 U.S.

A complete reference to the savage and
RES wectestierts:

THE SILVER RECORD
WW3210 $14.95 U.S.

The fabled account of Garou origins.

Tradeback.

SUBSIDIARIES:
AGUIDETO PENTEX
WwW3211 $17.95 U.S.

The divisions of the Wyrm's industrial
conglomerate revealed.

UMBRA (REVISED)

WW3111 $19.95 U.S.

A essential guide to the spirit world of
the Garou.

WEREWOLF: THE DARK AGES
WW3800 $21.95 U.S.

Rule for playing medieval shapechangets. A
ctossover with Vampire: The Dark Ages.

WEREWOLF CHRONICLES
VOLUMET

WW3207 $15.00 US.

Combines Werewolf: Rite of Passage and
Valkenberg Foundation.

WEREWOLF CHRONICLES
YOLUME2

WW3208 $15.00 U.S.
Combines Ways of the Wolf and
Monkeywrench! Pentex.

AWORLD OF RAGE

WW3213 $19.95 US.

Updates players and Storytellers on the
struggle of Garou across the globe.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS
COMPANTON

WW 3802 $14.95 US.

The essential screen and resource
book for Werewolf Storytellers.

for more information visit us online:

En

www.white-wolf.com

Se ne Ie Gere

EREWOUF

VCAPOCALYPR SE


Mow
Available...

At a retailer near you

yifie Sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse"

The Five Faces of Luna
The trickster; the shaman; the judge; the bard; the warrior.
Each werewolf follows one of the five auspices, according
'. 9 {} to the blessings of the moon. A werewolf has a great a
‘ & obligation to follow the ways of the moon phase under @. z
4 which he was born — but it isn't in vain. If he is "
true to his moon, he can reap great rewards and bring Pa

glory to his people. If he shames his moon, the costs
will be dire.

The Five Paths of the Wolf

Book of Auspices deals with the five auspices of 4'° =
the Garou in never-before-seen detail. Learn the hidden ei
spiritual knowledge of the mystical Theurge, the rites
and duties of the Philodox judge, the disciplines and
tactics of the warrior Ahroun. Use new moon-granted Be,
powers to enhance your abilities, or delve deeply into
the mindset of what it is to be born under an auspice. \_
Walk one road or walk them all — each is its own
path to glory.

Book of Auspices contains:

e An in-depth look at each auspice role, from methodology to its role
in Garou society

My
as

e Advice on getting the most roleplaying mileage out of each auspice

¢ New auspice-specific Gifts, rites, fetishes, Merits & Flaws, including rare

Level Six Gifts

RIEREWOLF
H#LAPOCALYPSE F aa
RN ee

1 19.95 US
i} | | i uti
GAME STUDIO | ig : ya |
©

PRINTED IN CANADA
