# File: Book of Storyteller Secrets.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Vey |
= :

i

<=


BOO K

q

TORUTELLER SECRET
~

By Ceirdre Brooks and lan Lemke


Written by: Deirdre Brooks and Jan Lemke

Additional Material by: Bill Bridges, Phil Brucato and
Andrew Greenberg

Developed by: lan Lemke

Edited by: Ethan Skemp & Laura Perkinson
Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles
Art: Henry Higgenbotham, Brian LeBlanc
Front Cover Art: Brian LeBlanc

SUITE 100
& 730 PARK NORTH BLYD.
| CLARKSTON, GA 30021

[WHITE WOLF|
CANE STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved. Repro-
duction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for purposes of reviews. Change-
ling: The Dreaming, Mage: The Ascension, Werewolf:
The Apocalypse, Wraith: The Oblivion, Vampire: The
Masquerade and Book of Storyteller Secrets are all
trademarks and copyrights of White Wolf.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Book of Storyteller Secrets

Ash "In Between" Arnett, for his stupid #@$%@&*
poker game.

Rob "The Fly" Dixon, for the big one on his wall.

Chris "Aliens in the Machine" McDonough, for his
cool new Marathon sounds.

Aileen "Sounds like drugged sheep" Miles, for her
comment on the plan.

John "Lobe" Park, for the drippy gooeyness of it.

Kathy "No" Ryan, for her favorite word during the
game.

Richard "Poker King" Thomas, for bleeding Fred dry.

Josh "Hickey boy" Timbrook, for falling down and
bruising his neck.


‘Ladle of Concencs

ne: Crossover Rules



This chapter contains some suggested default rules to
use in Storyteller games which have two or more types of
supernatural creatures. You should keep in mind that
these are general rules. The details of any particular
Discipline, Gift, Sphere or Arcanos should override any
statement made below. Feel free to use your best judgment
in such matters; in all cases the Storyteller is the final
arbitrator and may make the final decision. Use discretion,
and let the story be your guide.

Dowier evels

When one character uses a power against another,
and the issue of whether the character is powerful enough
to pull it off comes up, use this scale: compare a vampire's

Discipline rating, a Garou's Rank, a mage's Sphere rating,
a wraith's Arcanos rating, or a changeling's Art rating.
The supernatural with the highest score wins. In the case
of ties, make a resisted roll. You should only use these
charts when you and your players reach an impasse as to
how two powers coincide. If you can reach an agreement,
then common sense should prevail over these tables.
Note: The scores compared are the being's own
ability, not necessarily the level or rating of the power
used. In other words, a vampire with Dominate 4 will use
the level one Dominate ability Command the Wearied
Mind more effectively than a vampire with Dominate 1.
Elements like duration, damage and range do not change,
but the effect's potency over other supernaturals does.


Garou Rank
1 (Cliath) 1
2 (Fostern)

3 (Adren)

4 (Athro)

5 (Elder)

6+ (Elder) 6

} In the case of conjunctional effects, use the highest Sphere rating of the effect that mage is attempting.

Sphere

Arcanos

1

6 6

Cxample

A Nosferatu vampire has Obfuscate 3 and is
using Obfuscate 2: Unseen Presence. A Rank Four
Garou nearby is attempting to use the (level one)
Gift: Sense Wyrm to find any corruption in the area.
The Storyteller knows the Nosferatu bears the scent
of the Wyrm (the Nosferatu has a low Humanity).
If the vampire is using Obfuscate, can the Garou
sense him? The Garou is Rank Four, and the
Kindred's Discipline rating is only 3, so the Garou
has a chance of detecting him.

"Has a chance" is the operative phrase here.
This system does not override the existing systems:
the ability is not automatic. In other words, the
Garou must still roll Perception + Occult (just like
any other Garou using Sense Wyrm); if he has no
successes, then he doesn't detect the corruption.
With one success, he will detect the Nosferatu.

Now, what if the Garou were Rank Three? He
would have power equal to the Nosferatu's Obfus-
cate 3. The result would depend on a resisted roll.
The Garou would roll Perception + Occult, while
the Nosferatu would roll Wits + Stealth (just like
any other Kindred using Unseen Presence). Who-
ever has the most successes wins. If the Nosferatu
won, he would remain unseen and undetected. If
the Garou won, he would sense the Nosferatu. Ties
go to the defender; in this case, the Nosferatu would
remain hidden. Since the Garou is the only one
actively searching, the Nosferatu gains the benefit
of the tie.

What if the Garou were only Rank Two? His
Gift would not be powerful enough to penetrate the
Obfuscate. However, the Storyteller should let the
player roll anyway and simply tell her that her
character senses nothing.

Book of Storyteller Secrets

Offficulcies

Sometimes, one game will call for a character to
defend with a Trait she does not have. For instance, some
Garou Gifts have the Rage of the target as the difficulty for
the activation roll. Changelings don't have Rage. What
does the character use instead?

When all else fails, the default difficulty is 6. If the
target is actively resisting, the Storyteller can choose to
use the character's Willpower rating instead. Willpower is
another handy default in the system: it isa Trait shared in
all Storyteller system games. Use common sense; your
games should be evocative stories, not math tests.

Vampires

Changelings tend to avoid vampires whenever pos-
sible, mostly because of the aura of Banality that seems to
engulf them. However, there are times when the two may
cross paths, either deliberately or by chance. The follow-
ing crossover rules are presented for those who possess
Vampire: The Masquerade and/or its supplements.

L-eeding

A vampire drinking a changeling's blood is in for an
interesting surprise. The results of this are often unpredict-
able, though most often the effect is that the vampire is
able to perceive chimera and the chimeric aspects of
things. While this may at first seem to be potentially
useful, a vampire's mind is not well equipped to deal with
such a radical alteration of his reality.

Any vampire who drinks changeling blood must
immediately make a Courage roll (difficulty 3 + the
number of Blood Points ingested). Failure indicates that
the character enters the second threshold of Bedlam (see
Changeling: The Dreaming, pg. 224). A botch indicates
that the character enters the third threshold of Bedlam,
and gains a Derangement to boot.


Both of these effects generally last one hour for each
Blood Point consumed. Once this effect has worn off, the
vampire will be subject to the effects of the Mists, just a
mortal would be.

CDalkavians

Malkavians maintain a special link with changelings,
for they have not completely forgotten their fae connec-
tions. Additionally, Malkavian pranks can be a very
powerful source of Glamour. Because of this, some change-
lings (especially childlings) will Muse a Malkavian as she
would a mortal Dreamer, inspiring the vampire to greater
and greater pranks. Any roll during the Reverie (see
Changeling: The Dreaming, pg. 187) which involves a
Malkavian has its difficulty reduced by 1.

Because of their connection with changelings,
Malkavians are immune to the adverse effects of change-
ling blood described above, though they will be able to
perceive chimera and all things chimeric upon drinking
the blood. Additionally, Malkavians are not affected by
the Mists.

Orsciplines
Auspex

Auspex 2 (Aura Perception) will allow a vampire who
is knowledgeable about changelings to recognize one by
her aura. The aura of a changeling will usually appear as
bright flickering colors, which makes it extremely difficult
to read.

Chimerstry

This Discipline causes a changeling chimeric damage
rather than real damage. Additionally, sluagh may use
their Birthright (Sharpened Senses) to attempt to see
through any illusions created by this Discipline. In order
to see through the illusion, the player must succeed in
rolling Perception + Alertness against a difficulty of 7.

CDuycherceria

Mytherceria 1 (Fey Sight) allows the user to perceive
a changeling's faerie aspect and to recognize it as such.
They may also see the chimerical nature of a freehold and
may notice other chimera as well, though this is a much

harder task (difficulty 9).

Sluagh may discern Kindred using any level of this
Discipline on a successful roll of Perception + Alertness

(difficulty 7).

CUerewolves

Werewolves probably have more contact with change-
lings than any other of the supernaturals which inhabit the
World of Darkness. Many Garou, particularly those of the
Fianna tribe, still consider their ancient bonds with the fae
to be sacred and several of their Gifts deal specifically with
the fae. The following guidelines are for those who play
Werewolf: The Apocalypse.

Cnchancmenc

Because of their close kinship with the fae, the Garou
are much more susceptible to enchantment than most
other beings. In order to enchant a werewolf, a changeling
need only spend a point of Glamour to affect any Garou
within sight. In addition, this enchantment lasts for twice
the normal duration.

Gifcs
Spirit Card (Level [our Nomid Gife)

Normally, Garou need not worry about chimera.
However, this Gift is effective against chimera as well as
spirits.

Sense the Unnacural (Level Twio Lupus Gifd)

This Gift can be used to detect changelings, though
the difficulty is increased to 9 unless the changeling is
actively employing an Art.

Name the Spirit (Level Three Lupus Gifd)

This Gift can be used to identify chimera, but only if
the Garou is enchanted.

Gremlins (Level Three Ragadash Gifc)

Any device created by a Nocker increases the diffi-
culty of using this Gift by 2.

Dulse of che Invisidle (Level Three Theurge Gifc)

This Gift can be used to see chimera as well as spirits.

Spiric Oram (Level [our Theurge Gife)

This Gift can be used on chimera as well as spirits.


The

This Gift can be used on chimera as well as spirits.

Spirit Friend (Level Three Children of Gaia Gif)

This Gift allows the Garou to see and interact with
chimera. The chimera will tend to be of a friendly dispo-
sition towards the Garou, with the exception of Nervosa
and Nocnitsa. Spirit Friend has no effect on these chimera.

[aerie Kin(Levet Three Fianna Gc)

This spell will compel any changelings in the vicinity
to respond to the Garou's summons. Any changeling thus
summoned may make an opposed Willpower roll (diffi-
culty 9) to resist the summons. Once on the scene, the
changeling may act however she chooses; she may even
simply leave if she so desires.

A botch will usually summon one or more Unseelie
changelings of the worst sort.

CUraichs

Of all the denizens of the World of Darkness, change-
lings probably have the least contact with wraiths, though
it is whispered that certain among the Unseelie have
dealings with the restless dead.

Lifesighc

Wraiths will perceive the aura of a changeling as
flickering colors, much brighter than that of a human
(though this dwindles as the changeling gains Banality).
Those who know what they are looking for will certainly
be able to identify a changeling and may even get a glimpse
of the changeling's chimeric form, or kith (roll Perception
+ Awareness, difficulty 7).

‘The Shroud

The Shroud rating of a freehold is generally consid-
ered to be six, though some may be considerably lower. It
is said that freeholds exist where the Shroud is barely
perceptible at all, and wraiths may materialize freely,
though these would certainly be few and far between.

Cages

Though the fae and mages used to have quite close
relations, they have since drifted apart, and indeed rarely
have contact with one another. The following rules are for
those who wish to integrate rules from Mage: The Ascen-
sion in their Changeling chronicle.

Book of Scoryceller Secrets

a

Because each Tradition of mages exists within its own
paradigm, the average Banality of different mages may
vary widely. Most will have a Banality rating close to that
of the average human, if perhaps a bit lower. Those of the
Technocracy tend to be the most Banal (with ratings
between nine and 10). The lowest (between four and five)
are the Dreamspeakers, Verbena and Order of Hermes, all
of whom accept the fae as part of their paradigm.

Cnchancmenct

Mages can attempt to resist the effects of enchant-
ment by rolling Willpower (difficulty 7). The mage must
gain one success for each point of Glamour the changeling
has invested in the enchantment.

Countermagick

Mages can use their Arete to resist the effects of any
changeling cantrip. They may do this by rolling their
Arete with a difficulty equal to level of the Art involved
in the cantrip + 3. This formula is used whether the mage
is using countermagick, unweaving or anti-magick.

Changelings may also call upon their Glamour in an
attempt to resist any spell created by a mage. This is done
by rolling the character's Glamour against a difficulty
equal to the highest Sphere involved + 4. However, any
changeling who does this receives a temporary point of
Banality as a side effect for removing a bit of magic from
the world.

CDagickallyOraming a
|-reehold

Mages can gain Quintessence from a freehold just as
they can from a Node or a caern. The primary defense of
a freehold is the very nature of Glamour which causes it to
remain hidden from sight, even magickal sight. In order to
even locate a freehold, a mage must focus with both Spirit
1 and Prime 1 on the suspected location. He must then
succeed in an Arete roll (difficulty 9), otherwise the
freehold goes unnoticed.

Quintessence up to the level of the freehold may be
gleaned by a mage with Prime 3 or higher. Draining in this
manner has been known to have an adverse effect on some
freeholds, though the effect is almost never the same.


SpIric

A mage with the Spirit Sphere may attempt to deter-
mine if an individual is a changeling by rolling Arete
(difficulty 7). The chance of noticing a changeling by
simply scanning an area with Spirit is significantly less

(difficulty 9).

A mage who is enchanted may attempt to use the
Spirit Sphere to affect chimera (though he may not
immediately realize the difference) as if they were normal
spirits. The only change is that the difficulty for doing so
is increased by one.

Chapzer One: Crossover Rules


a

tha
ath nN
af


ores mie

-

HaKonne)

LAA

By Ceirdre Brooks

"You will now pay for your crimes, Naise; you will
undergo the ritual and suffer exile from Arcadia to that dry,
tired realm called Earth." The king smiled maliciously.
"Perhaps in time you will learn to appreciate the value of
knowledge — and when not to seek it." With that, Naise's

‘former ruler signaled sharply to the fae who stood witness.
Most solemnly departed, leaving but a few to attend to the
unpleasant duty of dealing with Naise's exile.

The fae lady, the overseer, somberly gazed into his
eyes. She looked away suddenly and led him down his last
walk through the land of Dreams. The two troll guides
caught the look in his eyes and stepped back, contenting
themselves to merely watch and follow.

The trees were beautiful, as they always had been.
Ironically, the autumn-crisped leaves lent their own beauty to
the forest, showing the truth many of the fae choose to ignore.

The lady finally turned to Naise again. Her dark eyes
searched his for some sign of meaning to his last moments in the
Dreaming. "Here, here is where it is done." She appeared to be
genuinely regretful, but what is truth to the fae?

Naise sighed. "Then do it, Keridwen. Finish this
business so you may dance under the stars tonight and
forget my disturbing words." He closed his eyes and waited.

Before he was taken away, before the Dreaming was
! lost to him forever, Keridwen pressed a small token into his

hand. "For fortune." Then she kissed him and they were
parted forever.

To some, reality and sanity are fragile things, subject to
change without notice. These people are often seen as
disturbed, even insane. How much worse can it be to a
changeling who has recently undergone the Chrysalis? What
is it like to suddenly see new vistas of Glamour with no
explanation of what they mean, fantastic hallucinations
with no visible cause? This can be a horrifying experience for
one with no guide — a lonely path to Bedlam.

Usually, there is someone who can guide the new
Kithain's journey into her now-changed life, a mentor who
can show her the way to wonder and magic. Not all fledges
are this fortunate, however. Some unlucky Kithain find a
teacher who will teach them to view reality through the lens
of Banality rather than the wonder of Glamour. Which is
worse — insanity or the death offered by Banality?

This story is about Terry Wood, a ten-year old sidhe
childling, who has apparently just entered the Chrysalis.
Unfortunately, he is spirited away by a helpful professional
to be treated for his delusions before any Kithain can assist
him. His parents are quite concerned about his well-being
and have followed the advice of their family doctor by
arranging for him to see Dr. Joseph Chapman. Dr. Chapman

Chapter Two: Cuxote Syndrome Il


IA

FRE

isan experienced hand when it comes to dealing with strong
delusional fantasies. Due to the overwhelming nature of
Terry's illness, and his inability to interact with reality, Dr.
Chapman has placed Terry in the Denholm Institute, asmall
mental retreat which exists to treat this very ailment.

Terry has been aware of his changeling nature longer
than anyone suspects. His Chrysalis was relatively quiet, as
far as such things go. His Gremayre helped him to find
some meaning in what he had become. In so doing, he saw
Naise's visions of Winter.

The vision struck at him. On Earth, Banality is
stronger. The image, while itself not of Banality, was a
harbinger of that same dread force. He instinctively re-
treated into his mortal seeming to avoid facing the truth
of his scrying. Again, all is not as it seems. Terry's fae
nature is not entirely suppressed. Naise's essence is driving
Terry to search for his lost love, and he cannot return until
he finds it again.

Terry was shocked into catatonic withdrawal by the
retreat, and has been in this state ever since. Dr. Chapman
has been able to touch Terry's fae nature, as distant and
deeply buried as it is, but his ministrations have only

Book of Scorycteller Secrets

harmed it. Terry has unconsciously constructed chimera
to defend himself against these torments — not that they
do much good against Dr. Chapman.

Unknown to anyone, the good Dr. Chapman is one of
the Dauntain, a changeling so twisted by Banality that he not
only cannot accept the existence of his kind, but he also tries
to "cure" all the changelings he can find of their "delusions."
He still has some talent at Kenning, but considers this to be
no more than a honed talent to identify the insane.

The Duchess Aoibhell (Eh-vell) knows of Terry's
Chrysalis and wishes to bring him under her wing as her
ward. Something about him reverberated within her; she felt
some undeniable connection with him. Unfortunately, she
is not aware of his incarceration by Dr. Chapman. She sends
her Reeve to find Kithain who can bring Terry back to her,
empowering him to take an Oathbond from the group to
ensure their honesty. Aoibhell herself cannot personally
attend to this task, as matters of court keep her occupied.

The story is intended for 3-6 characters, preferably in
the same motley or household.


The Quixote Syndrome is about the price of Banality,
and within Banality, truth. Terry has seen too much of the
truth — this is why he was exiled to Earth, and why he
couldn't handle looking at it a second time after his Chrysa-
lis. His visions showed him the chilling cold of the coming
Winter. Terry's apparent loss to Banality is tragic, though
inevitable —a loss which awaits all the Kithain, given time.

(Dood

The mood of this adventure is that of hope and the
tragedy of loss. A changeling is found and just as quickly
condemned to Banality before he truly understands —orcan
experience — the wonder which is laid before his eyes. At
first, the players should feel that finding Terry will be simple.
When they learn that Terry has been taken away, the feel of
the story should be darker and less optimistic. Finally, they
should feel sorrow when they finally locate Terry, and
discover that he has seemingly been lost to Banality. Should
the characters discover the truth of his condition, there will
bea touch of the enigmatic as they try figure out how to help
him — but that is stuff of another story.

Jump-Start Characters

This adventure includes six characters for the
purposes of jump-start play, allowing for minimal
preparation on the part of the players and the Story-
teller. After this story is over, the playerscan continue
to play these characters, or create new ones. It isn't
necessary to use these characters in this story; they
are simply aids for new players and Storytellers.

oc

Erech, Reeve to the Duchess Aoibhell, arrives bear-
ing a request for the characters. It seems that a new
childling has just experienced his Chrysalis. The Duchess
would appreciate the characters' assistance in retrieving
him so she may take him on as her ward. According to the
message, they will be handsomely rewarded should they
succeed in this quest.

Before Erech can give any more information to the
characters, they must agree to take an oath which specifi-
cally requires that they deliver Terry to Aoibhell's
household. He will then give them Terry's home and
school address so they can track him down.

When they arrive at either his school or his home,
they find that Terry is gone — taken to a mental health
institution where he can be treated for his difficulty with
reality. If they approach his parents or the school properly,
the characters can find out where to go and with whom
they should speak when they arrive.

Unfortunately for the well-intentioned characters,
Terry's house and school are being watched by several
Dauntain in Dr. Chapman's service. They are employed by
Dr. Chapman to capture stray changelings so that he may
cure them. They hope to catch any Kithain who come
snooping around and take them to the institute. By working
together, the characters should be able to escape or subdue
these hunters. (If caught, they will have to effect Terry's
rescue from the inside — after they free themselves....)

Now that the characters know where Terry is being
held, all they need to do is go to the institute and remove
him from the premises, right? If only it were that easy.

Once they get to the institute, the characters can
attempt to meet with Dr. Chapman and go over Terry's case
— provided they approached his parents with the right kind
of story. Otherwise, they will need to rely on stealth. Should
the characters fail to gain entrance to the facility, Dr.
Chapman himself will notice them and have them brought
in, at which point he will have them incarcerated in the
Green Ward (see Denholm Institute, below) and eventually
question them. His questions will hit surprisingly close to the
mark as he asks about their double lives, their belief in an
illusionary world, etc.... He will try to gain their trust, possibly
by offering some assistance and understanding, but the truth
is that he believes that these are more delusionary folk with
"Quixote Syndrome" come to rescue another of their own.

The characters will eventually find the ward where
those who suffer from "Quixote Syndrome" are kept, the
Green Ward. Terry is currently the only changeling in
the ward, but others have obviously been held here. Their
presence lingers in the area in the form of many strange
chimera. After fighting, cajoling and convincing their
way past these creatures born of madness, the characters
will eventually find Terry, who is now catatonic and
shows no signs of Glamour.

Once safely in their care, the characters should bring
Terry to Aoibhell as requested, but it seems that he has
(so soon!) been Undone by Banality. Or has he? If any of
the characters look deeply enough, they may find a spark
of hope....

Either way, the characters must now bring Terry to
Aoibhell, as they have sworn to do. Upon accomplishing
this, they shall meet the duchess and receive their reward.


Background

Duchess Aoibhell felt Terry's cry for help when he
saw the vision of the coming Winter. She mistook his cry
for the normal Chrysalis of a changeling. Using her Arts,
she determined who it was she had felt and where he was.
The link she had felt with Terry was deep, far deeper than
she had ever experienced before. Not really knowing what
to make of it, she called her reeve, Erech, and sent him out
to find Terry Wood in the mundane world. She ordered
him to have Terry brought back to her to be her ward.
Once Terry is safely with her, Aoibhell plans to take the
time to explore the cause of the deep connection.

Erech was told to do the following: locate a small
group of changelings willing to accept an oath which
would guarantee Terry's safe delivery to Aoibhell. Nor-
mally this wouldn't be a problem, but most motleys are not
exactly sanguine about handing a fledge over to a sidhe —
especially an Unseelie sidhe.

Of course, being a pooka, Erech tends to be a little
creative in relaying these orders to the characters. He
certainly won't make it unpalatable for them. In fact, he is
likely to sell it as an easy job, something the most
simpleminded mortal could handle. Aoibhell said nothing
to indicate that it would be strange or difficult, but he is
quite adept at reading her moods.

Should the characters fail in their mission to retrieve
Terry, even if he is overcome with Banality, Aoibhell will
be greatly angered. She feels that it is very important to
bring Terry into her care. She will do nearly anything that
is within her power to arrange it.

‘Terry Clood

There is far more to Terry than meets the eye. Despite
what the characters are told, Terry did not experience his
Chrysalis when he entered Bedlam. It actually happened
about three months before, just as he was starting the fifth
grade. Since that time, he has been playing with hisnewfound
powers, sometimes in front of the children, sometimes alone.
He has never, however, used them in front of adults.

Due to his incredible Gremayre, Terry has glimpsed
images of people and events from a sunlight-dappled
world, a world where dreams have flavor and substance.
Where it is forever autumn and a magical king rules. He
remembers a small, silver comb given as a parting token of
a love forever lost. Finally, he remembers exile.

Terry is a sidhe noble of House Fiona. He was exiled
to Earth for examining the coming Winter too closely and
reporting his findings to the court. At the time of his

14 Book of Storyteller Secrets

punishment, he was thought nearly insane from the brief
touch with Banality, possibly infected by it. Like any
accurate prophet of any age, he was reviled for being the
bearer of bad tidings.

Now, as a childling and an incredibly intelligent
young boy, he has been exploring his personal past and
memories, as well as the future. It is this combination
which has led him into the Bedlam. He discovered too
much of the truth: more than he was truly ready to accept.
Terry had a strong vision of the coming Winter, the death
of Glamour. Had he more experience with his abilities, he
might have survived mostly unscathed. Unfortunately, he
still has the psychology of a child and was hardly prepared
to deal with the unfiltered truth of Banality.

Now he is trying to reach for the one he loved so
much, the one whom he hopes can help him. That one is
Keridwen, his lover in the Dreaming and the one chosen
to send him on his exile. He is lost in a state between the
Dream realms and Earth, and he cannot find his way back.
The true danger lies in the fact that while he has escaped
the fate laid out for him by Dr. Chapman, he may never be
capable of returning to his human body.

He searches for the silver comb. Perhaps this is the key?

Court: Seelie
Legacies: Sage/Enigma


House: Fiona

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Sidhe

Household/Motley: None at this point

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Animal Ken 3, Athletics 1, Dodge 1,
Kenning 1, Subterfuge 1

Skills: Etiquette 1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Computer 2, Enigmas 3

Backgrounds: Gremayre 6, Rank 3, Holding 1 (These
last two only come into effect if he joins Changeling
society)

Arts: Legerdemain 1, Soothsay 1, Primal 2

Realms: Actor 1, Fae 2, Nature 3

Note: Terry did not learn how to use his Arts and
Realms in the normal method; he learned these basics
during his exploration of the memories represented by
his Gremayre.

Glamour: 7 (normally: currently 0)

Willpower: 4

Banality: 2

Equipment: None, currently; everything he owns is at
his parents' home and is inaccessible to him. Should
he escape and return to consciousness, he will have
access to several toys and other typical children's
possessions.

Image: In his mortal seeming, Terry is a very hand-
some young boy with tousled brown hair and gentle
brown eyes. His clothing always appears to be in some
disarray. If Terry is ever seen as his fae self, he will be a
startling sight. He has the appearance of the very
young with the eyes of the very old.

Roleplaying Hints: Terry is unconscious during the
story. When he is conscious, he is always a little sad from
his visions, but continually tries to cheer others up
regardless of his own mood. He isn't a joker, however.
He simply likes to see people in a happy mood.

The Oenholm
Insaicute

The Denholm Institute is Doctor Chapman's base of
operations, the place where many Kithain have been
"cured" of their "delusions." The chimerical artifacts of
theirsuffering are scattered about in various hidden places,
as those which have appeared in the open were quickly
destroyed by Banality.

The building sits upon a beautiful tract of land which
covers a few acres and is fenced in and patrolled by security
guards. At night, they let Dobermans loose to patrol the
grounds. The building itself is three stories and quite beau-
tiful — by human standards. To changelings, the exterior is
a very unpleasant structure, a towering fortress of Banality,
seeming to exist only to crush the Glamour from any who
enter. This appearance is something of an omen to the
Kithain who enter, as it was caused by the feelings of
hopelessness, fear and loss which have been invoked by the
good Dr. Chapman during his treatment of Kithain.

STORY

The Institute was originally a manor house which
belonged to a man of strange repute. It was built in 1885 for
Michael Bowman, a gold prospector who had made an
incredibly fortunate haul. He used the money he'd gained to
purchase the land, finance the building, and set up business
as an architect. He was quite successful at it, although his
work tended to be rather unique. His buildings were rarely
what anyone would call "conventional." Quite often, visi-
tors to places he had designed would complain of dizziness,
or a loss of balance. Some would even become lost inside
these structures. Strange dreams are reputed to haunt the
sleep of those who live in the houses he planned.

Michael Bowman disappeared in 1917 under myste-
rious circumstances. The house was left to David Marten,
Michael's nephew. David discovered the house to be ina
rather dilapidated condition. He had it cleaned up, refur-
bished and sold within a year.

Due to its size, the house was considered to be ideal for
amental retreat and was established as such. The head of the
new asylum, Dr. Johann Schmertz, dealt in several experi-
mental treatments which he claimed guaranteed his patients
some modicum of sanity. Unfortunately, the truth of the
matter is that he was thoroughly insane and very sadistic. He
delighted in twisting the minds of his patients in whatever
way he could, quite often with horrid results.

His practice continued until one of his patients, a huge
athlete, broke his neck. The patient was locked away in
another asylum and the building was put up for public
auction. It was purchased fairly cheaply by a woman named
Helen Matthews, who turned it into a boarding house.
During this time, the house gained a reputation for being
haunted. Since this actually tended to increase business,
Miss Matthews did nothing to discourage such rumors. She
sold the house after the Second World War and married an
ex-officer who had stayed there with her while recovering
from wounds he had received in the Pacific.

From that point forward, the house has changed
hands numerous times, and its owners have ranged from

Chapcer Two: Guixoce Syndrome


the eccentric wealthy to a reclusive serial killer. For a
variety of reasons, none have kept it for very long. Not
until Dr. Chapman came along, that is.

Or. Chapman's Dacronage

Dr. Joseph Chapman had a vision of a hospital where
he could treat the victims of a peculiar mental illness he
had identified: Quixote Syndrome. Quixote Syndrome,
he claims, is a delusional psychosis in which the victim is
convinced that she is not really human. He managed to
convince several wealthy philanthropists to finance this
operation, and used a portion of the money to purchase
this house, which he had loved from the first time he had
seen it. He had it carefully remodeled, adding accommo-
dations for a modern mental health facility.

The first item of business after getting the Denholm
Institute off the ground was to scour mental health facili-
ties along the west coast, searching for victims of the
malaise. He felt he could give the best care — other
psychiatrists tended to dismiss his theories and treatments.

He is now known to be among the best in the mental
health field when it comes to treating delusional patients in
general and those afflicted with Quixote Syndrome specifi-
cally. His success rate is among the highest in the country.
Even his mentor, Dr. Stark, highly recommends him.

Inside the Insarcuce

Security and Staff at che

Inscicuce

The front doors are unlocked from 7 A.M. until 9
P.M. every night, during which time the building is open
to visitors. There are security cameras at each doorway
and window to insure that no one enters or leaves unno-
ticed. These cameras are tied into Dr. Chapman's office
and the orderlies' room.

The other doors are usually kept locked, with the
exception of the garage. It is open at all hours. All
entrances have cardlocks, which are keyed to allow any-
one to enter as long as they have a cardkey and the
appropriate passcodes. These locks can be overridden from
either room with security monitors. All staff and security
have cardkeys for the building. Only a select group of
orderlies and security, along with Dr. Chapman and his
assistant, have cardkeys for the Green Ward.

Onrderhies & Security Guards

The orderlies carry walkie-talkies and shock-prods to
better coordinate their own actions and control the more

Book of Scoryceller Secrets

eS

disorderly patients. The staff prefers that the prods bea last
resort if nothing else will calm down a violent patient.

None of the orderlies are particularly fanatic about
their job; most of them would prefer to find a better-paying
job elsewhere, one that wouldn't involve dealing with
lunatics. However, while they will not voluntarily die for
this job, they won't act to risk it either. This is the World
of Darkness, and unemployment is not only rampant, but
also very harsh and unforgiving to its victims.

The security guards are much the same. If a firefight
begins, they will take cover before returning fire. They will
also call for police backup.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Per-
ception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Melee 3, Firearms 2

Willpower: 3

Banality: 8

Equipment: Restraints (3 successes on a Strength roll,
difficulty 8 to break free), Club (Difficulty: 4, Damage:
Strength + 1). Security guards have a .45 ACP Pistol
(Difficulty: 8, Damage: 5, Range: 30, Ammo: 7 + 1, Rate: 3)

Daz encs at the Insticuce

Most of the patients seem quite normal by everyday
standards. However, beneath some of these calm exteriors
lies stark insanity. The Storyteller should feel free to
introduce any of these patients during the characters' visit.

Linda Whitcomb: This lovely young woman seems
harmless enough; she sits quietly, day in, day out. None of the
staff have elicited any reaction from her. She will dress and
feed herself, or even read a book at times, but she completely
ignores anyone who tries to catch her attention.

Until she sees the characters, that is. When she sees
them, she will point one out and begin screaming, "That's
him! That's the one who did it! He has my soul!" She will
then break down sobbing until she is taken away by the
staff. If the characters later try to sneak in and speak with
her to discover what she was talking about, she will have
no memory of the event (or claim so), but she will be
willing to talk to them about anything they bring up. This
is not to say she will know what she is talking about.

This talkativeness will disappear the moment any of
the staff comes near her.

Jeffrey Donaldson: This poor soul is suffering from
MPD (Multiple Personality Disorder). He only has three
identified personalities so far:

A young child, six years of age. His name is Chad and
he really enjoys playing games with adults. He will try to
engage the characters ina game of tag before the staff stops


him. When he first has a chance to really see the charac-
ters, he will switch to the fourth personality.

Darlene Madison, a teenage prostitute. She will ap-
proach the characters and offer them "services" fora price.
Before any can answer, or the staff can pull her back, her
eyes will widen and her jaw will drop, at which point the
fourth personality will emerge.

The last identified personality is that of Jeffrey him-
self. He is very shy and unassuming (unlike his other two
personas) and will try to avoid contact.

The fourth persona will manifest to the characters
and recite the following:

Winter's call, Kithain's fall

Death comes with a chill

Fated loss, dearly cost

Do you have the will?

At this point, he will fall catatonic. Unfortunately,
nothing can be done to rouse him after this. He will be
unconscious for three days, after which he will resume
manifesting his normal personalities.

This last personality does not have a name for himself;
he simply knows and sees disturbing things. He has a sensi-
tivity to things of a fae nature and is often haunted by the
chimera in the building. The above poem was recited to him
by Winter (see section of Chimera in Chapter 2, Scene 3).

Gregory Jones: Gregory is constantly seeking some-
thing to keep him occupied. He was locked away for five
years for his crimes, during which time his only interac-
tions with other human beings came when he was fed.
Because of this, he developed a keenly focused anxiety
about the dark and enclosed spaces. In his own mind,
there are things out there, waiting for a moment of his
inattention to grab him. Sleep is the worst for him, as he
is convinced they will come when he is unconscious, so he
does whatever he can to stay awake.

He has decided that he wants to somehow take Dr.
Chapman's place on the staff, although he has no ideahow
he would do such a thing. Most of the staff believes he is
fairly sane, except for his compulsive insomnia.

[Lirsc Lloor

Lobby: This part of the building is quite cheery,
designed to set visitors and new patients at ease as they are
processed in. There is a reception desk with a polite
receptionist. The room is furnished with several chairs,
couches and tables. There are also many magazines scat-
tered about.

Offices: Some of the lower-ranking staff have their
offices on the ground floor. Each is equipped with a desk,
computer, and whatever personal touches the individual
prefers.


Visiting Rooms: These are small, private rooms
where visitors can meet the patients for a period of time.
They are here primarily for the visitors' comfort.

Cafeteria/Recreation: For the well-adjusted patients
and the staff. The cafeteria serves three meals a day and the
room is always open for playing games or socializing. Several
well-known boardgames are either laid out on tables or
stacked away on bookshelves. Oddly enough, copies of Black
Dog roleplaying games are also kept on the shelves; in some
cases, the staff feels that showing the patients that their
fantasies are simply denizens of a game can help them under-
stand that their delusions are nothing more than that: a game.

Library: This is used by all the staff and contains a
wide variety of books on psychoanalysis. It is a good quiet
area for those who wish to take some time to relax from
their normally busy schedule.

Garage: This is where staff and visitors park. It isn't a
large garage, but it suffices for the needs of the institute.

Storeroom: Both office and medical supplies are
kept here.

Second [oor

Patients' Ward: The patients who are victims of
milder forms of delusions or other mental illnesses are kept
in this area. Each room houses two patients and is comfort-
ably furnished with cots, desks and a television. There are

windows with views of the surrounding woodlands, and
flowered wallpaper covers the walls.

Offices: There are only three of these; the senior staff
psychiatrists use them. Each office is larger, more comfort-
able and better furnished than the downstairs rooms. They
all have better views as well.

Orderlies' Station: This is where the orderlies tend to
be when they have nothing else to do. They have a small
break room with a television, a snack machine and other
amenities. There is also a monitor which can be used to
keep tabs on the patients' rooms.

‘Third Lloor

Dr. Chapman's Office: This is the plushest office
available, with the best view. It has a direct link to the
closed circuit cameras in the Green Ward, so Dr. Chapman
may watch his patients more closely. Thete are several
bookshelves with some rather surprisingly rare volumes on
folklore. Dr. Chapman feels that he can get a better grasp
on the way his patients think if he can study the source of
their delusions. He finds most of the stories to be preten-
tious, self-indulgent and ultimately impossible to believe.

Dauntain Quarters: This set of rooms serves as the
home of Dennis, Cheryl and Don: the three Dauntain who
work directly for Dr. Chapman. See Scene Three of Act


One for more details on these characters. The rooms are
fairly disorganized, but not really messy. Each of the three
has their own bedroom, and they share a common living
room and bathroom.

Therapy Room: This is where Dr. Chapman meets his
patients. In the past, few Kithain have shown hesitation
about assaulting him physically, so he now hasa thick barrier
of bulletproof glass between himself and his patients. There
is comfortable furniture on the patients' side, as well as
speakers and microphones on both sides so that anyone can
hear whatever is spoken on the other side. This room is under
the same surveillance as the rooms in Green Ward.

Green Ward: This is where those suffering from
Quixote Syndrome are designated for individual habita-

tion. These rooms are barely large enough for the one
patient each is intended to hold. Since the patients are
rarely allowed to leave the rooms (except for their sessions
with Dr. Chapman), most of their amenities are kept in
their room. Despite this, the rooms are rather spartan.
They are also populated by an overabundance of chimera,
mostly nocnitsa and nervosa of the previous inhabitants.

Terry's Room: Terry's room is no different than any
other, save that he is in it, lying in a state somewhere
between consciousness and catatonia, protected by the
guardian of his subconscious and trying to avoid the
Banality of Dr. Chapman.

Chapter Two: Cuixoce Syndrome



Acc One:
The Cuesc

Scene One

Chiller stalked downtown alone that evening. Yes, Chuck
wanted to come along. Yes, Chiller had been a little harsh in
saying no, but the bruises would heal soon. He needed some
time alone. He always needed time alone, these days. It wasn't
like the old days in his former ‘hood, when he was always with
agroup of other members. He had to be alone now. They could
handle a night without him. He passed the tourists looking for
cheap thrills, the hookers selling cheap thrills and the junkies
trying to live from one thrill to the next. His eyes searched the
crowd for aface, a special face. He needed that face to be there,
he needed it to appear and smile at him, like that night long ago.

The satyr tried to avoid looking at his reflection in the
windows he passed. Sure, it meant he was special, but he
wasn't sure if he'd ever get used to it. Yeah, around the others,
he would laugh and play just as hard as the rest, but alone it was
a different matter.

There! There, he saw her. In the crowd. Chiller pushed
his way through a group of tourists waiting to enter a popular
nightclub and rushed to where he'd seen her face. It seemed to
take forever to get there. When he finally arrived, all he found
was a curled piece of parchment, nailed to the wall. Both the
nail and the parchment glimmered with the hidden power of the
fae. He slowly unrolled it and began to read....

Crystal Grove

It's been a fairly quiet, dull time in Bay Area for the
past couple of weeks — even for changelings. At this point
in time, it's very likely that the characters are all going
about the drudgery of their human lives.

Begin the story with the characters involved in their
normal, mundane lives. Have them give details on how
they live when they aren't around other Kithain. Describe
some of the normal minutiae of a normal day; problems at
the office, family difficulties — perhaps a childling is in
danger of being grounded.

After the players have had time to adjust to their
routines (and become slightly bored by them — don't
overdo it), the message from Reeve Erech will arrive:
preferably in a most unorthodox fashion, although its
arrival won't be obvious to mortals. It will be immediately
obvious to the intended recipients that the message itself
contains Glamour.

The message varies in style for each character, as it is
tailored to each of them individually. (Even if the characters
are all in the same motley, they don't spend every moment
together.) The content, however, remains the same. Erech
wishes to speak to the group that evening in a place known
to Kithain as the Crystal Grove. In the real world, it is simply

Chapter Two: Curxoce Syndrome


Book of Scoryceller Secrets

an impassable hedge in a small park on the University of
California (U of C): Berkeley campus. To Kithain, it is a
place of crystalline trees, the air filled with the light tinkling
of the leaves brushing against each other. It is an open, airy
place, filled with the Glamour of young lovers and Dreamers
who have whiled their hours away in the vicinity.

Reeve Crechs CQDessage

Greetings <name>,

I hope to gain your assistance in completing a quest
important to my Lady, the Duchess Aoibhell. I will
trust your confidentiality in both communicating to no
one about this contact and meeting me tomorrow night
at the Crystal Grove in Berkeley.

There, we will discuss the nature of my proposal
and the reward you will receive for accepting and
completing it.

Sincerely,

Erech, Reeve of Duchess Aoibhell

The park in which the glen is located has been used by
students over the years for everything from making love to
sampling psychedelics. All of this activity has certainly had
an effect on the grove. Improvise whatever seems appropri-
ate to fit this mood. The glen belongs to Sir Adrian, a sidhe
knight who has sworn fealty to the Duchess. Erech has
obtained his permission to use it for the meeting as it is more
convenient than Aoibhell's own glen.

When the characters arrive, describe the thorny
hedge which surrounds the glen, making it impossible for
mortals to enter. When the characters pass around to the
other side, describe the open pathway of silvery moon-
light, guarded by a pair of vicious-looking griffin chimera.
The chimera will examine the characters closely, but will
allow them to pass. There is the music of enchanted
instruments within, and the bright, silvery laughter of the
fae. Sir Adrian's herald greets each character at the en-
trance and directs them to Reeve Erech.

Erech is a rather urbane fellow. He will be impeccably
courteous and (somewhat) honest when describing the situ-
ation to the characters. He will try to sell the mission as being
easier than it really is, but knowing how much the word of a
pooka is trusted, won't overdo it. Should the characters accuse
him of lying, he will feign outrage very convincingly and
apparently come to the edge of making a challenge before his
sense of duty brings him back to the business at hand.

Erech will attempt to glean at least one bit of personal
information from each of the characters for possible future
use. After the initial pleasantries are exchanged and


refreshments are served (you might consider serving some
kind of snacks to the players during this scene to help set
the relaxed mood) Erech will present the request from
Aoibhell as follows:

"Now it is time for the business for which I have called
you all here. Please listen closely.

"Duchess Aoibhell has a ward whom she needs brought
to her. She would be greatly honored should you choose to
accept her generous offer. The Duchess is prepared to
grant a handsome reward if you successfully complete this
mission. Retrieve him as quickly as possible and bring him
to me. | will await you here."

Feel free to make the reward whatever you feel to be
appropriate for your own chronicle. Some possible re-
wards include:

¢ A title: Each of the characters will become a knight
(sworn to Duchess Aoibhell, of course). Alternatively,
those who already possess rank might be raised in position,
if it is within the duchess's power.

¢ Dross: The characters may be offered up to 10 dross
each for their work.

e Treasures: There are many treasures available to
Duchess Aoibhell. She might offer minor treasures to the
characters as payment.

° Favors: The Duchess might arrange to do some-
thing for the characters in the future as a reward.

¢ Employment: This is more likely than offered titles.
The duchess will offer the characters positions as her
personal troubleshooters, giving them status as members
of her household. It could also lead toa full-scale chronicle
where the characters solve problems and perform tasks for
Duchess Aoibhell. Erech may offer employment in addi-
tion to any other award, if the characters do well.

If the players accept, Erech will request that they take
an oath promising to follow the conditions of the agree-
ment exactly as stated. When finished, he will give them
Terry Wood's home address and the name of his school.
He will then wish them good fortune.

If they refuse, he will protest most eloquently, using all
of the persuasive powers at his disposal to try to convince
them otherwise. If they still refuse, he will lament the
conditions of the modern world, that it breeds such cowards
for Kithain and turn his back on them. This is an honest
reaction, strangely enough. It will take a bit of convincing for
the characters to get back into his good graces.

Sir Adrian will approach the motley after the Reeve
has left and give them a card with his phone number on it.
"Tf you run into more trouble than you can handle, please
call me." He is genuinely honest about the offer. He does
not trust Erech much — he is convinced that Erech is up


See
GRD )

BY The Oach ofthe Long Road®

"This I swear: That I shall recover the childling,
Terry Wood, for the Duchess Aoibhell or lose my
honor, that I shall recover the childling, Terry Wood,
for the Duchess Aoibhell or lay down my sword, that I
shall recover the childling, Terry Wood, for the Duchess
Aoibhell or Dream no more. You and the sky my
witnesses, so may it be."

The Oath of the Long Road is the most potent of
the oaths known by the common fae. It isthe voluntary
acceptance of a quest to be performed, and its swearing
is usually sanctified with the blood of both the
oathmaker and her witness. It is always spoken in front
of one, and preferably three witnesses. The oathmaker
receives an extra Willpower and Glamour point for
swearing this oath, but there are dire consequences for
failure. Simple failure to complete the quest causes the
loss of three temporary Willpowerand Glamour points,
one of each permanently. Abandonment of the quest
strips the oathbreaker of all temporary Glamour and
Willpower, drains two of each permanently, and adds
a permanent point of Banality.

to no good and hopes to keep these new Kithain out of
Erech's troubles. Sir Adrian also has a long-standing
distaste for the Reeve and takes what opportunities he can
to stop Erech's schemes before they come to fruition.

Crech, the Ouchess's Reeve

Jonathan Edward Stanton was born to high society.
From his earliest years, he was surrounded by wealth and
given much leeway and attention for his antics. As he
grew older, this attention diminished, as his behavior was
less tolerated in an adult than a child.

In school, Jonathan was never capable of physically
defending himself. So he developed his social talents for
this purpose, often using information he'd gleaned to his
advantage, or convincing others to fight for him.

He was sixteen when the strange visions started,
driving him into an alien world beyond the imagining of
most of his peers. Before he lost his mind to it all, Aoibhell
found him and arranged for his education in the world of
the Kithain. She found it useful to have a pooka of his
talents nearby. During his Saining, Jonathan took the
name "Erech," from a story he had read.

During his early years in Kithain society, Erech was a
terror. He was forever wooing the ladies and telling
outrageous stories. In fact, he seemed to be the typical


pooka. Despite his tendency to make and get into trouble,
Erech always seemed to have a way out. He invariably had
a contact who could bail him out of whatever mess he got
himself into. It wasn't until he entered the grump stage of
his life that he seemed to calm down and grow into the
position he holds now. He became a true social chameleon
among Kithain, able to deal with both nobles and com-
moners without difficulty.

When Aoibhell found herself in need of a Reeve,
Erech offered his services. He had dealt with her off and on
over the decade since his Saining, and when he proposed
this arrangement, she agreed with his assessment of her
needs, his abilities and how well they matched.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Rake/Courtier

House: Fiona (association)

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Pooka

Household/Motley: Duchess Aoibhell's Household
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 2, Kenning 3, Streetwise 2,
Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 3, Melee 3
Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3,
Linguistics 1 (Spanish), Mythlore 2, Politics 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Dreamers 2, Mentor 4,
Resources 4, Treasure 2 (The Ring of Truth)

Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2, Soothsay 3,
Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 2, Prop 2, Scene 3

Glamour: 6

Willpower: 8

Banality: 6

Equipment: Erech's treasure is "The Ring of Truth."
Whenever a lie is told in Erech's presence, the ring will
change color. (The ring is not affected by lies told by the
wearer.) The degree of change is determined by the
degree of the lie — minor white lies cause only a subtle
change of shade, while a complete falsehood will cause a
radical shift in color. It looks very much like a mood
ting, of the sort which was popular in the late 70s.
Image: Erech is a well-dressed, handsome man in his
early thirties. His blond hair is always perfectly styled

| and his clothing spotless. He wears an emerald earring
/ in his left ear and its shade matches his eyes perfectly.
To changelings, he has a soft, brown coat of fur and
big, friendly brown eyes. His ears look much like those
of a German shepherd and he also has a tail.

Roleplaying Hints: Always be polite to those you
meet, even if you don't like them much. Always be
respectful to the nobility. You are the Duchess
Aoibhell's go-between to the commoners, so you must
represent the image she wishes to put forth. You often
glance at the ring on your finger, sometimes disguising
the movement as if you were looking at your watch.

If anyone ever wrongs you, smile politely and bear it.
Revenge will come to them later.

Sir Adrian, Sidhe Knighc

Sir Adrian swore fealty to the Duchess Aoibhell when
the duchess was much younger and much more in tune
with her surroundings. Now, Adrian feels that Aoibhell is
abandoning many values for her own debaucheries. He is
still honor-bound to serve her, as he swore an oath to her.
He does not have to approve of her behavior, however.

It might be said that among Seelie, Sir Adrian is a bit
stiff-necked. However, he is the holder of the Crystal
Grove, a favored discreet meeting place for nobles and
their servants to deal with the commoners. Sir Adrian
permits this, for it is convenient for learning which way
the wind blows.


Sir Adrian takes the rights and responsibilities of the
nobility very seriously. This naturally includes the cus-
toms of hospitality. If the characters attack Erech or
Adrian's servants, or otherwise abuse his hospitality, he
will use force to expel them from the glen. In addition, he
may be tempted to use chimeric weapons to force them
back into their seemings. He will only go to that extreme
if the characters are extremely insufferable.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Paladin/Beast

House: Gwydion

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sidhe

Household/Motley: Crystal Grove

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Animal Ken 3, Athletics 2,
Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4, Kenning 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 3, Leadership 3,
Melee 3

Knowledges: Law 3, Linguistics 3, Mythlore 4, Politics 3

Backgrounds: Chimera 4, Dreamers 2, Holdings 2,
Resources 3, Retinue 3, Titles 1

Arts: Wayfare 3, Primal 2, Sovereign 1

Realms: Actor 3, Fae 3, Nature 2

Glamour: 6

Willpower: 3

Banality: 4

Equipment: Sir Adrian carries a real broadsword while
in his glen. Outside, he prefers to restrict himself to
firearms. His sidearm tends to vary from time to time,
as he possesses a large collection.

Image: A tall, handsome, tanned man. His blond hair
falls just past shoulder length, and his piercing blue
eyes tend to lock someone into place with a glance. In
fae form, he always wears his house's insignia. To the
fae, he has pointed ears and slightly slanted eyes. His
hair has more of a silvery cast.

Roleplaying Hints: You follow the rules of nobility
strictly. You believe that you should set an example for
nobles and commoners alike, with no exceptions.
Truthfully, you believe all the nobility should do such,
but most do not live up to your exacting standards. In
Kithain society, you are quite a traditionalist.

You are rather old for a wilder and fear the imminent
descent into grumpdom. You do whatever you can to
stave this off, but nothing seems to help.

Scene Two

Gypsy sighed as she waited for the Woods to answer their
door. She really didn't care to be sent out on a mission by a
lackey of the nobility, but there wasn't much choice. Besides,
it was better than leaving the new childling to the winds of fate.

The door opened, spilling light into the front lawn. The
woman standing in the doorway looked a bit careworn, as if the
last few days had left far too great a weight on her shoulders.
"Hello, can I help you?"

The eshu took a deep breath before plunging into the
deception. "Hello, Mrs. Wood, I'm AnnaReed, with children's
services." She smiled and offered her hand until the other
woman shook it. "I'm here to inquire about your son, Terry."

The others were waiting down the street when they saw
the car pass by. Butterfly shivered involuntarily as the car
rumbled by the Kithain. Shorty noticed and smiled at her.
"Everything's gonna work out all right. Gypsy is taking care
of it right now."

Darkling watched the car pass. "Because I could not stop
for death, he kindly stopped for me." The words were whis-
pered, as always.

Chiller gave the sluagh a sharp look. "What the hell is that

supposed to mean?" Darkling smiled thinly and shrugged, then
went back to scribbling in his journal.


ERRY

The characters have Terry's school and home address,
provided by Erech. He will recommend that they start with
his home, should they think to ask. If they try his school first
they will meet his teacher, Donna Marcus. If they try during
the day, they will possibly meet Terry's classmates.

The School

Donna is suspicious of the reasons for Terry's incar-
ceration. She knew Terry very well, as he was a very
precocious child. Donna isn't a professional psychiatrist,
but is very confident that she can at least judge that Terry
was stable. She did see the beginnings of his supposed
Chrysalis three months ago, and knows that he wasn't
undergoing anything normal. Her suspicion is that he was
slipped LSD or some similar substance. For these reasons,
she will not immediately trust the characters, believing
them to be from the Institute. If the characters are persua-
sive and charming enough, or if they use the proper Arts
(with the Actor Realm, of course), they can convince her
to communicate her feelings about the whole thing.

If nothing else, the reaction the characters get from
the children will endear them somewhat to her. At least a
few of the kids are unburdened by the truths of Banality
enough that they can spot a bit of the Glamour around the
characters. These children will react well to those which
seem harmless, such as pooka or boggans. None of the
children are potentially Kithain, however.

Donna has been watching Terry closely for several
months and is aware that his imagination has been running
on overtime. She never considered it anything dangerous or
horrible, as she feels that creativity is something to be
encouraged at a young age. She won't mention his unortho-
dox behavior to the characters unless they ask about it
specifically, and only if they have managed to gain her trust.

The children are willing to tell the characters all sorts
of things about Terry, such as:

"He was always telling weird stories, like faerie tales and
stuff, but he made it sound more real."

"Terry knew some cool magic tricks. Like with cards,
only better."

"Once, he made a bee fly into his hand, just by thinking
about it. It just sat there, and didn't sting him. Left when he
told it that it was time to go. Really weird."

Assuming the characters are friendly to them, the
children will try to impress them. They will treat the
characters like favorite uncles or aunts — at least those
who look mostly harmless. Then again, some children
might think a satyr or a redcap would be cool.

Unfortunately, no one at the school is aware of Terry's
current location. Ms. Marcus does know that he was institu-
tionalized, but doesn't know where. She would like to find
out, if only to send a "get well" card from the class.

ne Wome

The Wood family lives in a nice part of Berkeley, with
expensive houses and extensively manicured lawns. Their
eight-room house, along with the Mercedes in the driveway
and the BMW parked in front, indicates that the family isnot
in poor financial condition. An aura of Banality hangs over
the home like a dark stormcloud waiting to burst. What sort
of home is this for a young childling?

If the players decide to check his home in the evening
they will find Terry's parents, Tom and Wendy Wood, in
residence. The Woods will not trust the characters at first;
their reaction depends upon how they are approached.

They will not, of course, give any information regard-
ing their son to just anyone who happens to show up with
a few questions. This scene requires more than a bit of
subtlety and deception, as the characters need a good story
to get anything at all out of the parents. Use of Arts can
also be very helpful at this point.

If the characters actually get to the point where Tom
and Wendy are willing to speak to them about Terry, they
will meet with the following reactions:

Tom is the least likely of the two to open up and speak
about his concerns for Terry's fate. He will talk about how
normal his son is, and how much he had fun doing things
with him. Occasionally he'll let something slip. "What's
happening right now is for the best." "We made the only
choice we could for him." He considers himself just, but
stern. Terry is his only child. Tom wants his son to mature
into a responsible adult like himself. He is an investment
banker who spends more time with his work than his
family. He is a bit embarrassed about Terry's recent out-
bursts in school, but does not wish to show it.

Wendy will probably be the one to eventually reveal
where Terry is being kept. She is more concerned about his
well-being than her husband is. She is also more con-
cerned about what the neighbors will think should they
discover the truth. She wants her son back, but without his
hallucinations (he doesn't do the tricks around his par-
ents) or the odd stories. If the characters can offer her the
least bit of hope regarding Terry's condition or return, and
convince her that they are sincere, she will be willing to
tell them about Dr. Chapman and the Denholm Institute.

If any of the characters take a good look around, one
of them might notice a copy of Chimera: Living Within Our
Dreams, by Dr. Anton Stark. This book was given to them
by Dr. Chapman to help them understand the ordeal their

Chapcer Two: Cuixoce Syndrome 27


son is experiencing. The book presents Kithain life and
outlook as a delusionary mental illness, which robs its
victims of the ability to distinguish imagination from

reality. The text is very convincing and very Banal. If any ©

character whose permanent Banality is higher than her
permanent Glamour reads this book, it is possible that she
could gain an extra point of temporary Banality.

Dr. Chapman visited a few days before, to speak with
Terry's parents and look his room over for anything which
might indicate a focus for his delusional psychotic fantasy.

Scene Three

Jeannie was the first to spot Gypsy as she approached the
group. "Heya, what's the word?"

The older Kithain held her finger to her lips. "Shh. Not so
loud." Her face was drawn. "He's in an asylum of some
kind."

Chiller kicked a nearby mailbox. "Dammit! Why can't
we just let that jerk Erech handle this?" He walked away,
swearing. "This ain't what I signed for."

Shorty, paradoxically as tall as Chiller and somewhat
bigger, stepped in front of him. "Hey, it's exactly what we
signed for. That's what the oath was for. You can't break it —
no Kithain would ever trust you after that." The young troll
sighed. "Look, you're new to this. Trust me! You can't break
your word."

The satyr glared at Shorty, but the childling refused to back
down. "All right, I'll help find the damned kid." He kicked the
mailbox again. "But it isn't because of the oathbond."

All were surprised when the human stepped into the
tableau. "Excuse me," he said, "could you tell me how to get
to the art museum?"

"Tourists," Jeannie muttered under her breath. She
opened her mouth to give directions — the wrong directions of
course — when Chiller's hand flew to his shoulder.

"What the hell was that?!?" He looked at the dart he'd
pulled from his flesh, then grabbed Shorty and Butterfly, trying
to bring the twins under some cover. More darts filled the air,
striking their marks far too accurately for the Kithain's com-
fort.

Jeannie's expression changed as she lunged for the lost
"tourist." He had produced a dart pistol and was about to
shoot Gypsy in the back. "No!" she screamed, jumping for
him, fully intending to bite his arm off. She felt multiple stings
as his hidden partners saw her movement.

Then, everything was dark.

or Your Own Good

Unknown to the characters, the Wood house is being
watched by three Dauntain. They believe, correctly, that
others like Terry will soon arrive to seek him out. They

Book of Scoryceller Secrets

plan to take advantage of this opportunity to take a few
more of the insane off the streets and into Dr. Chapman's
capable hands, where they can be cured.

At some point after leaving the Wood house, the
characters will be approached by two men and a woman, all
of whom appear to be fairly normal. One of the men begins
asking the characters for directions to some place in San
Francisco. While the first, Dennis, is speaking to the charac-
ters, the other two people will walk back to what is presumably
their vehicle (a red Ford Taurus wagon with rental plates).
Provided that Dennis can keep the characters occupied,
Cheryl and Don will attempt to take the others down from
adistance with tranquilizer darts (Difficulty 6, Stamina Roll
against an 8 to remain conscious, roll every turn for 5 turns,
+ | difficulty for each additional dart).

Moments after the initial attack, Dennis will try to
put some distance between himself and the characters
before joining in with his own dart gun. After the surprise
has worn off, the Dauntain will explain why what they are
doing is in the characters' best interests; how they are sick
and should allow themselves to be healed. They should
sound very compassionate as they describe how they can
help the characters get over their "delusions."

Ifthey can't take them down immediately, the Dauntain
will attempt to convince the characters to come with them
peacefully. If the characters agree to go, they will be hand-
cuffed and driven to the institute. Ifthey succeed in knocking
out the characters, they will pack the unconscious characters
in the car and do the same as above.

Either way, they will be placed in the special ward Dr.
Chapman has set aside for the most extreme patients —
The Green Ward on the top floor. Each will be locked into
a separate room with cameras and one-way mirrors for the
doctor's observation.

It is entirely possible (even likely) that the characters
will avoid capture by the Dauntain. In this case, they will
have to find their own way into the Institute. The Storyteller
should feel free to alter the number or power of the Dauntain,
depending upon the direction he wishes the story to go. Use
the Security guard statistics on pg. 16 for any additional
members of Dr. Chapman's team. Of course, you should take
care that the characters are not completely overwhelmed —
they should always have a chance to get away.

The Oauncain

These three Dauntain are skilled at tracking down and
catching Kithain for Dr. Chapman—he has employed them
for several years now. They are quite proficient at leaving no
traces for police and other authorities. They believe that
Kithain are people who are genuinely — even desperately —
in need of help. They were taught this after Dr. Chapman


cured them of the same affliction so many years ago. They are
true fanatics when it comes to their work: to assist these sick
people. They understand that most of them will not seek
help on their own. After all, they themselves didn't.

It has been the Dauntain's experience since that time
that these people are quite capable of concealing their
unfortunate affliction from others. According to Dr.
Chapman, it takes a special person to spot the afflicted: a
person who has been through the same hell, and who
understands what troubles their minds. He often refers to
unconscious visual and verbal cues which victims give off
while in the throes of their illness.

Dennis Barker: He was the first of the three to be taken
in by the good doctor. The visions and dreams had haunted
him for days and nights on end, not stopping for anything.
Just when he felt as if his mind would slip away entirely,
Graham Chapman brought him out of these hallucinations
and restored his sanity. Now, he barely remembers the
visions. Sometimes, he has dreams of a place filled with the
colors of autumn, a pleasant, happy place. When he tries to
touch anything, it crumbles away to dust and a chill breeze
blows around him. He always awakens at this point.

Cheryl O'Neill: Cheryl was very young when her
parents brought her to see Dr. Chapman for the first time.

They were concerned that she hada difficult time separating
reality from fantasy, as she was always talking with imaginary
friends and referring to imaginary places. It took Dr. Chapman
a full year to completely cure her of her delusions. She has
been extremely loyal to Dr. Chapman. After curing her, he
sponsored her college education and hired her asa part of his
staff. The doctor convinced her that she was well-suited for
helping his staff track down victims of this horrible malaise,
as she was the best of the three at spotting these unfortunates.

Don Haxton: He is the worst of the three. Don thrills to
the hunt, the tracking, the capture. Humans are the most
dangerous game, and this particular variety is simply more
challenging than most. While working with Dr. Chapman's
team, Don has seen events which could only be described as
magic, but of course magic isn't real. Dr. Chapman told himso.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Kenning 1, Subterfuge 3, Drive 2, Firearms 3,
Security 2, Stealth 2, Investigation 3, Psychology 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 3

Glamour: 1

Willpower: 6

Banality: 10


En

Bors

2 wee hall


Scene One

Butterfly awoke in a small room, her twin nowhere in
sight. The room was dark and spartan, filled with shadowy
corners and mysterious shapes lingering just beyond vision.
She sat up slowly, feeling the last dregs of the drug in her
system. "Where am I? Shorty?" There was no answer.

The young pooka explored the room as thoroughly as she
could. No windows, the door was locked. Noticing the little
slot for sliding food through at the bottom of the door, she had
a brilliant idea. Butterfly closed her eyes and tried to become
a cat, but it didn't work — she could tell someone was
watching, but she couldn't see where they were.

The room had walls of gray stone, with a stout wooden
door and straw on the floor, just like a dungeon. It was
extremely chilly; she was certain she would catch cold if she
wasn't careful.

Finally frustrated beyond all hope, she began to cry, the
tears rolling slowly down her cheeks. "I will get out of here, I
know I will."

CSCUC

"Not very likely, young lady." Butterfly started at the
voice. It belonged to an evil-looking middle-aged man. He was
carrying a clipboard. "We're going to keep you here until you
get over your silly ideas about faeries and magic."

Butterfly looked beyond the man at the door. It was still
closed. "How did you get in here?"

He laughed. "The same as anyone else." He indicated the
door. "Through that," he smiled. "Boys, I think we have a live
one here, can you give me a hand?"

She noticed several dark shapes standing near the doctor,
none of whom had been there amoment before. They appeared
to be men, and each one was carrying a baseball bat. As they
closed in, she realized that all of these apparitions were
chimera.

"Now, girl, we're going to have a talk—" He and his
attendants, who had begun to close in on her menacingly,
disappeared as the door was opened. The images of the
dungeon dissipated in the light of the cold Banality of the real
orderlies.


"Come along, young lady. It's time to see the doctor."
She chose not to resist, deciding instead to wait and see for a
few moments.

When they took her to the therapy room, the rest of her
friends were already there. The chimeric doctor was there as
well — No! This one was real. But he had a touch of
Glamour...

"Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. It's nice to see
you're all awake now. Welcome to the Denholm Institute."

Cncer Lreely, and of Your Oun
CUitl

The Denholm institute lies in Marin County, nestled
in a beautiful, wooded tract of land. The building itself
looks nice and unassuming amidst the evergreens. Any
Kithain approaching, however, will feel the cold touch of
Winter flowing from within. As the characters come
closer, they see that the place has a fae Glamour to it,
despite its high Banality. lt appears to be an imposing, drab
structure of gray stone and ironshod doors. The faint
screams of lost souls can be heard from within — or was
that just the call of a hawk?

Upon arrival, the characters will be stopped by secu-
rity guards. If they did not make prior arrangements for
visiting, they won't be allowed to enter. If at least one of
the Dauntain managed to escape, the guards will have the
characters' descriptions handy. The guards will detain the
characters until backup arrives to assist in the characters'
capture.

Of course, breaking and entering is always a possibil-
ity. The guard dogs only run loose at night, but they might
be easier to bypass than the human security guards. If the
characters choose this course of action, their best bet is to
enter the building, find Terry as quickly as possible, and
leave. Any waste of time could be dangerous.

The Tour

If they did make prior arrangements— via subterfuge
or some other trickery, perhaps by arranging for a tour of
the premises — they will be escorted in to meet one of the
staff psychiatrists. They will be given a guided tour, which
will completely bypass the top floor, including the Green
Ward.

Should the characters notice that they are not being
shown around the top floor, it is entirely possible that they
will somehow attempt to ditch their guides and track down
Terry's room. Don't make this too easy for the players,
although it shouldn't be impossible.

They will be introduced to several of the patients,
most of whom seem to be adjusting to normality quite


nicely. A character who makes a successful Kenning roll
(difficulty 8) will be able to sense faint, lingering traces of
Glamour on two of the patients. Both have been "cured"
of their delusions, their Kithain nature wiped away com-
pletely by Banality. If spoken to, the patients reveal that
they have little, if any, memory of their time as Kithain,
and claim to feel happier now that they are grounded in
reality. If any of the characters have been involved in
Kithain society for more than a few years, they might
recognize some trace of a long-missing acquaintance in
one of these poor wretches.

During the tour, the characters will sense flickers of
motion from the corners of their eyes and hear slithering
or other peculiar noises (which have a chimerical source,
although the group won't know this). The screams they
heard from outside are not audible within the building. In
fact, until they enter the Green Ward, changelings will
not be able to fully sense anything chimerical while inside
the building. Try to pace these chimerical hints strategi-
cally, as too many can cheapen the desired effect of mild
apprehension.

Drisoners

Another possibility is that the characters have been
captured either by the doctor's Dauntain thugs or at the
front gates. In either case, they will be separated and taken
to the Green Ward. Each will be placed in a specially
prepared room with concealed (and protected) video
cameras and microphones so that their behavior can be
closely monitored. There are also speakers so that Dr.
Chapman and his attendants can speak to the patients
without dealing with them directly.

Each cell is painted in soft, neutral, grayish tones to
avoid exciting the patients. There is a cot and a padded
chair, both of which are firmly bolted to the floor. There
isalsoasink anda toilet for sanitary purposes. The door has
ameal slot in the bottom, allowing the orderlies to deliver
meals without opening the doors.

At first, the rooms will seem normal, but this will
change quickly. Each cell has a chimerical counterpart —
no two precisely alike. Their appearances are the result of
the trauma of previous occupants' having their Glamour
mercilessly stripped from their lives.

Each of these cells is a sterile, bare room, as described
above. To Kithain eyes, sensitive to Glamour, they take on
an entirely different appearance. Some examples:

¢ A complete torture chamber. Each piece of equip-
ment is lovingly crafted to cause pain in imaginative and
horrific ways. The chimerical orderlies make extensive use
of these machines whenever they have the opportunity.

° A dry, sifting desert with a hot sun. Food placed in
the room will quickly dry and dissolve to dust. Drinks will
evaporate. Unless a Kithain retreats to her mortal seem-
ing, she will slowly starve and dehydrate as she is subjected
to the extremes of the climate.

e A classical fairytale dungeon. The floor is covered
with rotted, moldy straw and the room is inhabited by
several large, chimerical rats. The door isa large, ironshod,
wooden affair which seems strong enough to hold against
nearly anything, including a troll. The meals delivered
here will be spoiled and the water dirty.

e A sensory deprivation tank. The character is ut-
terly deprived of his senses while the door is closed.
Nothing is experienced, except thought. When the door
is opened, the character will be overwhelmed by the
sudden flood of sensory perceptions as light, noise, smell,
and sensation awaken suddenly with no filtering. Think of
what happens when you get the "pins and needles" sensa-
tion after a limb falls asleep.

Feel free to improvise other cells, using these as
guidelines.

As if the cells weren't enough, the characters' pres-
ence will attract active chimerical creatures, also birthed
by the torments other changelings have experienced here.
These creatures seem to exist only to cause pain and
suffering to Kithain, often driving Kithain back into
forgetfulness to save their sanity. See Scene Three for
some chimera ideas.

Scene Twio

The man on the other side of the glass smiled warmly.
"Lam Dr. Joseph Chapman, and I am here to aid you in
your struggles with the delusions under which you labor."

Darkling sighed and looked the doctor in the eyes.
"You're lost, aren't you? You had it and you gave it up,"
he whispered softly. They had taken his notepad away,
which irritated him to no end.

Chiller stood up and strode angrily across the room,
until he was stopped short by the plexiglass barrier in the
middle. "What the hell are you thinking, bringing us here?"
He punched the glass in frustration. "Come on out here,
I'll give you insane. You want insane? Do ya, ‘you
bastard?"

"Calm down, Mr. Peyton. This is a modern mental
health facility, not some medieval house of torture." He
smiled warmly. "Now, why do you believe you were
brought here against your will?"

Gypsy said something under her breath as Chiller
entered a berserk rage. The orderlies moved to intercept him
and "calm" him down. Butterfly smiled broadly as two of
them tripped over their own shoelaces.

Chapzer Two: Cuixoce Syndrome


The attendants managed to get Chiller calm and sitting
in a chair before Dr. Chapman began speaking again...

Or. Chapman

At some point, the characters will be introduced to
Dr. Chapman. They could meet him at the end of the tour,
in which case he will verify that they are "insane" and
arrange for the Dauntain (who are on the premises, but not
part of the tour) to catch them before they leave the
building.

During this encounter, Dr. Chapman will be polite,
even kindly. He will make no references to the fact that he
feels the characters are insane. Instead, he will tell them
about the institute and give a lecture on the humane ways
the staff treats mental illness. From there, he will escort
them to the front of the building, talking all the way about
the good the institute is doing, at which point the Dauntain
will attempt to take them into custody.

If at any time during the tour they question Dr.
Chapman about Terry Wood, he will mention "doctor-
patient confidentiality." If pressed, he will give a few
details of the case, especially if the characters are convinc-
ing enough in their chosen roles. The doctor is quite proud
of his work in the field of mental health and is willing to

Book of Storyteller Secrets

speak at great length of the good he has done for many
innocent victims of these "delusions."

This is, of course, his flaw. After a long discourse, he
will turn to one of the characters and ask, "Have you ever
felt this way? Have you ever experienced such fantasies?"
If they admit to it, he will be very polite and ask that they
join him in his office. He will treat the group quite
respectfully even as he explains to them why they are
utterly insane and how he can save them from such a
horrible fate. His words should be so reasonable that the
characters should experience doubts about whether or not
they really are fantastic beings.

Ofcourse, after this is over, he will drug them and lock
them up. He doesn't believe that any victim of this malady
will voluntarily sit still for treatment.

If the characters have been captured, he will meet
with them under protected circumstances. They will be
escorted to him by several orderlies (2 per character) and
the meeting room will be divided into two parts, with a
wall of bulletproof glass between the characters and the
doctor. The doctor is sitting at a small desk with a micro-
phone upon it. He has a laptop computer into which he
will type notes during the meeting. On the characters' side
of the room, they will find several comfortable chairs for


their own use, and will even be offered refreshments, such
as coffee, soda, donuts and other tasty comestibles. This
room has no chimerical counterpart.

Dr. Chapman will begin by courteously greeting each
one in turn, asking for name and other personal informa-
tion (hobbies, likes, dislikes, etc.) and apologizing for the
conditions. Or, as he puts it, "I regret the necessity of
locking you away from me, as | prefer a more personal
contact with my patients. However, past events have
required that I protect myself during these initial sessions."
He will make notes of each patient's response.

After the pleasantries are finished, he will explain
why the characters are here and what is expected of them
before they can return to society. He does seem to genu-
inely care for his work and he honestly believes he is doing
good.

In his own words: "You are all here because you suffer
from a severe form of delusional psychosis, which my
colleagues and | have dubbed ‘the Quixote Syndrome.' It
manifests itself in several ways, including incredibly real-
istic hallucinations roving through the world around you.
Perhaps it changes how you view your own body. Some
patients have claimed peculiar physical anomalies, such as
fur or horns. Nearly all believe to be one of several ‘kith'
of the ‘Kithain' race. Most victims show an amazing
knowledge of folklore, which they quote to support their
own beliefs. This is, of course, ludicrous. I feel these beliefs
come from an inadequacy in these individuals, an inability
to properly express their imaginations. I am here to help
you understand yourselves as normal human beings, even
fruitful members of society." He pauses and awaits the
reaction from his captive audience.

At this point, or possibly earlier, the characters may
begin to question Dr. Chapman. This will not bother him
in the least, as he is quite accustomed to this particular
ritual. Here are his answers to some possible questions:

Q: "Why did you bring us here?"

A: "On the contrary, I did not have you brought here.
You brought yourselves while in a more lucid state. At this
moment, you may believe many erroneous things; one of
them is the idea that you were brought here by force. You
simply cannot comprehend voluntarily submitting to this
in your current state."

Q: "What makes you think we're insane?"

A: "You see things which simply don't exist, you
claim to be creatures out of legend and you even believe
you possess magical powers. These beliefs are patently
false. Why haven't you used these powers to escape? Why
don't I see the so-called "truth" of your nature? You are
simply deluded."

QO: "Release us now."

A: "You are simply unsafe to allow into society until
you are cured. At any moment, you may hallucinate
anything at all, up to and including strange and frighten-
ing beasts. Unfortunately, you are likely to endanger
yourselves or someone else, your delusions being as strong
as they are."

Use these as a guide to the sort of answers Dr.
Chapman is likely to give. Remember that he will never
acknowledge the existence of chimera or magic: that
would be indulgent and simply encourage his patients'
illness.

After they have exhausted their supply of questions,
he will start his own round of questioning, beginning with
the following:

"How long have you believed yourself to be a change-
ling?"

"Why do you believe that you initially succumbed to
this fantasy?"

"Are there any unpleasant facets to this delusion of
yours? Horrible hallucinations, say of an attacking mon-
ster? When this happens, why do you still cling to these
beliefs? Your own unconscious mind assaults you, and you
still accept the version of reality which overlays your
perception?"

Remember thathe explains every condition of change-
ling life as a delusion and will accept no alternative
explanations, least of all the possibility that it could be
true. Nor will he accept any claim that the characters are
not really "deluded." He knows they are, in fact, quite ill.

Ooctor Joseph Chapman

Joseph Chapman experienced his Chrysalis on his
first day at the university. Before then, he was a straight-
A student with perfect attendance. For his superlative
performance in high school, he was given a hefty scholar-
ship to a very prestigious university on the East Coast.
Joseph Chapman was more than ready to begin his studies
in clinical psychology.

All this suddenly seemed to be sand flowing through
his fingers. The sights, sounds and feelings which awoke
with his fae essence contradicted everything he had learned
before that point. At first, his mind nearly shut itself away
from the world. Before the Bedlam could completely take
him, he reconstructed his original world-view from the
ground up. Through sheer strength of will, he forced
himself to see the world in a new fashion. This took him
a week, during which time he was sent back home and
given therapy. When he returned to his senses, he seemed
perfectly sane. His breakdown was deemed a result of too
much pressure, too soon. Despite the fact that he had
managed to bring himself back to a fairly sane outlook, he

a


still caught a few differences in the world around him.
Specifically, he noted peculiar things about people. Not
normal things, nothing he could put his finger on. Some-
thing about them made him take notice.

He kept an eye on these people, trying to discern what
he could about them. He became rather obsessed with
them — to the point that he would bug their homes, or
discreetly follow them. Oddly enough, he was never caught
by any of those he observed. His furtive hobby bore fruit
one day when he recorded the conversation of a motley of
changelings. The things to which they referred were
fantastically impossible, yet, apparently, they believed
what they were saying. He immediately felt pity for these
people, as they must have incredible difficulty fitting in
with modern society. He correctly perceived them as
outcasts, incorrectly as insane.

He asked his instructors about people with such
delusions, and they directed him to the work of Anton
Stark. After reading Dr. Stark's books, he found his mis-
sion in life: to save these poor deluded victims from their
insanity. He contacted Dr. Stark about a possible intern-
ship, and from there, his career in clinical psychology
blossomed with each new cure.

In recent years, he arranged for the opening of the
Denholm institute, named for Katie Denholm — Stark's
first identified victim of the Quixote Syndrome.
Legacies: Saint/Scrooge
House: Liam
Seeming: Grump
Kith: Sidhe (formerly)

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Empathy 4, Kenning 3, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Driving 2, Etiquette 3

Knowledges: Mythlore 3, Occult 2, Psychology 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 4

Special Ability: Dr. Chapman does not have access to
the normal Arts and Realms available to a changeling.
What he does possess is an unconscious ability to focus
Banality on a changeling or chimera, thus preventing
the changeling's use of Arts and Realms or eroding the
chimera. He may roll his rating in Banality against a
target number equal to the subject's Glamour. Each
success cancels one of the subject's successes in using
Arts and Realms. In the case of chimera, each success
reduces its Glamour by one. He must be aware of a
chimera for this to take effect. This may seem peculiar,
but if someone else calls his attention to one, his frigid
disbelief can cause it to melt away. He can also spend
temporary Banality to override temporary Glamour
spent by a changeling to accomplish anything. This is
generally not a serious drain, as he gains Banality on a
daily basis.

Glamour: |

Willpower: 8

Banality: 10

Equipment: Various items he uses in his day-to-day
work; nothing particularly remarkable.

Image: Dr. Chapman is a fatherly gentleman in his
early 40s. He prefers to wear a distinguished suit,
typically in neutral colors such as gray, while dealing
with his patients. He cultivates a friendly, trustworthy
image to facilitate openness.

Roleplaying Hints: Always be polite to your patients,
even kind, but never admit to the possibility of their
delusions being real. You know for a fact that they are
suffering from horrible hallucinations and will thank
you as soon as you finish your work. Don't forget that,
or that they will try to lead you astray with numerous
explanations beforehand. Speaking with this man for
any extended period of time will cause a minor
increase in Banality.


‘Cuixoce Syndrome

This is a form of mental illness characterized by
extreme hallucinations of objects, people and even
mythical monsters. It includes a belief that the
victim and several people the victim knows are
partly human creatures called "changelings" or
"Kithain." All victims have professed to a strong
belief in magic.

The victims are curable through standard aver-
sion and desensitization therapy. In extreme cases,
electroshock therapy is used. Most victims suffer
through a period of severe nightmares, anxieties
and strong hallucinations during the curing pro-
cess. For some reason, after they are cured, their
memories of these events are extremely cloudy and
difficult to recall.

Scene Ihree

Jeannie stood as lookout while Chiller and Butterfly
worked on the lock. "How do you know he's in this room,
Gypsy?"

The eshu smiled, her eyes showing limitless depths and
} nothing else. "He is in here because he must be in here."
Darkling wrote something in his little book, as usual.

Chiller growled, "Are you sure about that?" He was
frustrated at the complexity of the lock, even more so at the
fact that Butterfly was having better luck than he.

Gypsy nodded. "Absolutely. I can always find what
I'm looking for. It just isn't easy to get to it most of the
time."

The door suddenly opened, allowing the howling winds
of a chimeric blizzard into the hall. Butterfly laughed and
Chiller cursed.

Jeannie heard a voice, "They all hate you, you know.
They'll keep you around until you're used up, no good.
Then, why then, you'll just be treated like the garbage you
truly are...."

Chiller's head rang with whispered warnings of doom.
"They're going to die in there. It will be your fault, you
didn't stop them. You knew it was a mistake, but you did it
anyway."

Each of the characters heard something, poking at their
worst fears and worries. They tried to see what caused it,
what was pushing at them, and were only faced with their
greatest fears.

‘Terry, and Cscape

It would be safe to assume that the characters will
attempt to escape their involuntary confinement and
finish what they came here to accomplish (assuming they
have been confined, that is).

The doors to the rooms are locked, but use of Wayfare
or Chicanery may allow characters to open the doors
despite this. A pooka could find some clever way to
conceal herself from the cameras and take animal form. If
her animal form is small enough, she can slip through the
meal slot in the bottom of the door.

Ifany characters escape, they should assist the others.
From there, it will not be too difficult to locate Terry. He
is in another cell in the Green Ward. Escaping may
actually prove more difficult than finding him.

Unfortunately, Terry's own mind has been manufac-
turing chimera to protect him from Dr. Chapman, whom
he sees as a harbinger of Winter. None of these chimera,
born as they are from fear and paranoia, are particularly
pleasant. They will treat any who approach as enemies.
They've also been attracting several nervosa generated by
the insanity of other patients, which has been forming into
a nervosa of some power.

There are also the chimera who have been birthed
from the minds of Banality-maddened changelings over
the last several years. These creatures have been forming
slowly into nervosa. They hate Kithain beyond all else,
and will attack any they see in any way they can until they
are destroyed or the characters are driven to their mortal
seemings. Note that these chimerical attacks have a men-
tal, rather than a physical, base. There should be many
roleplaying opportunities as these beings attack the char-
acters' weaknesses and insecurities.

Terry himself is curled up in a fetal position on his cot.
He has completely withdrawn from reality rather than
surrendering to Banality. Standing between the doorway
and Terry is a formidable chimerical guardian. Over six
feet tall, clad in black metal armor and carrying a black
sword, he seems to stand in shadow, his floor-length cape
swirling about his ankles. There is a slight chill surround-
ing him as he stands, coldly staring. If attacked, he will
defend himself quite admirably. He will, however, turn
Terry over to the characters should they simply ask nicely
and give him the proper answer to his riddle. This riddle
will be the only words he speaks. Either way, he will
disappear moments after Terry is taken from the room,
never making a sound.


‘Terrys Chimera Guardian
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Per-
ception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Abilities: Dodge 5, Enigmas 5, Melee 5
Glamour: 8
Willpower: 8
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, -1, -1, -5
Attack: Bastard Sword (and see below)
Powers:

e Freeze: By fixing a victim with its gaze, the Guard-
ian can force her to cease all activities until his riddle is
answered. Use of this power costs 2 Glamour and requires
an opposed Willpower roll. The victim must successfully
answer the riddle before doing anything else. This power
may be used on more than one individual, with an addi-
tional cost of 1 Glamour per additional target.

e Lightning Speed: For one Glamour, the Guardian
may take an extra action each turn.

The Storyteller should find a riddle with which to
confound his players. Of course, if it is too difficult for the
players, he should allow characters with Enigmas to roll for
hints and clues. Here are three possible riddles:

I stand upon a dark hill covered with many white
flowers. I wear a black veil, which I raise and lower —
sometimes exposing a mere sliver of my face, sometimes
half and sometimes all — as I walk across the hill. What
am I?

Answer: The moon

A lonely wanderer, wounded with iron,

I am smitten with war-blades; I have seen many

battles,

Much hazardous fighting, oft without hope

Of comfort or help in the carnage of war

Where I perish and fall in the fighting of men.

The leavings of hammers, the handwork of smiths,

Batter and bite me, hard-edged and sharp;

The brunt of battle I am doomed to endure.

In all the folk-stead no leech could find

With wort or simple to heal my wounds;

But day night with the deadly blows.

Answer: Armor

It is a tolling of the night.

When all is still.

And the wind whispers near the mill.

Twas struck twelve times!

And his voice rang out!

And then, it was stilled.

Answer: A Bell Ringing out at Midnight


There is a chimerical creature gathering strength in the
supply closet. This chimera, named "Winter," is one of the
most potentially dangerous results of the institute. It will not
draw the characters' attention, as that would endanger it at
this time. However, a successful Kenning roll (difficulty 8)
will be able to sense its presence as a cold, monolithic,
devouring creature. If they open the door to look inside, it
will burst out, ranting about the coming Winter and how it
shall be the harbinger. It will spend a few rounds attempting
to chill the changelings with his icy touch, at which point it
will fly away through the wall of the building, cackling madly
to himself. See the section labeled "Chimera" below.

If the characters haven't been particularly stealthy
about their exit, upon leaving the building, they will be
confronted by shotgun-bearing Dauntain who wish to
have a word with them. They hope to simply use the
shotguns as persuasion and don't intend to pull the trigger.
They will respond with force if attacked, however.

The staff will call the police when they realize that
Terry (and the characters) is missing. Remember that they
have full descriptions (photos, even!) as well as the true
names and addresses of each of the characters.

Chimera

These chimera are born from the fears and terrors of
Kithain who were treated by Doctor Chapman in the past.
As such, they will make themselves as intolerable to
Kithain as possible, until the Kithain finally allow their
mortal seemings to assert themselves.

CDirror Nervosa

These nervosa are born of feelings of inadequacy and
self-hatred. To any changeling who sees one, it embodies
the worst of his weaknesses and anxieties. It will select one
of the characters and follow him, berating him for his
worthlessness, pushing all of his emotional buttons. Its
goal is to cause the Kithain to respond to its probing in
some manner: attack, verbal tirade... something.

Attributes: Manipulation 5, all others as per victim
(see powers, below)

Abilities: As per victim.

Glamour: 6, Willpower: 6

Powers:

© Doppelganger: For the cost of three Glamour, the
Mirror may become a twisted version of the victim, which
only that victim can see. It will not attack, choosing
instead to taunt and berate, picking at all the insecurities
and fears of the Kithain in question. It has all of the
Attributes and Abilities of the victim, but none of the Arts
or Realms.


Book of Scoryceller Secrets

Paranoia Nervosa

This one will select one other character to follow. It
will cause the changeling to see and hear things which will
induce feelings of paranoia. Specifically, that anyone she
meets is trying to push her even farther into Banality,
ultimately to be Unmade. This Nervosa's goal is to cause
the changeling to trust no one, even her closest friends.

Attributes: Manipulation 3, Perception 3, Intelli-
gence 3, Wits 3

Glamour: 7

Willpower: 6

Powers:

e Hallucination: At the cost of one Glamour, the
Nervosa can alter the victim's senses. This can cause the
victim to see and hear things differently, perhaps sense
things that aren't there, or not sense things that are. These
hallucinations are specifically geared to feed the victim's
insecurities, such as hearing her companions whispering
about how horrible she is.

Dsychiacrist Nervosa

This nervosa came into being after several related
nervosa melded together. The nervosa embodies the worst
fears Dr. Chapman's patients have about him. It appears to be
him, but is very sadistic, dangerous and bent on the destruc-
tion of all changelings it can find. It is often accompanied by
several nervosa who appear to be large orderlies carrying big
clubs. Ifthe patient does not cooperate with "Dr. Chapman's"
treatment, the orderlies will attack the patient with clubs to
beat him into submission. They will try not to drive any
changelings back to their mortal seemings by damaging
them; but rather they would prefer that it be the changeling's
decision to retreat. This nervosa's goal is to force changelings
to voluntarily retreat into their mortal seemings.

Attributes: All Physical 2, Social 3, Mental 4

Glamour: 6

Willpower: 8

Powers:

¢ Summon Orderlies: One chimerical orderly can be
created for each point of Glamour spent. These Orderlies
have Physical Traits of 5 each and carry clubs (Difficulty
4, Strength +1 damage). They will attack whichever
changeling the Psychiatrist points out to them. They will
stop short of thoroughly driving the Kithain back to her
mortal Seeming and leave, only to return later, after their
victim has had time to recover.


Winter appears as a stooped old man, showing all the
signs and infirmities of age. It is the nervosa which has
been forming as a result of Terry's imprisonment. This
Chimera is apparently the living personification of the
coming Winter. As soon as it reaches its full power — by
absorbing as many nervosa as possible — it will leave the
Institute for the riper pickings outside. It will then begin
searching for and raiding glens, freeholds and other sources
of Glamour with the hopes of ultimately weakening them.
Its goal is simply to devour Glamour.

Abilities: Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Enigmas 5

Glamour: 8

Willpower: 8

Powers:

¢ Winter's Icy Touch: With but a touch, Winter can
cause a changeling to either lose a temporary point of
Glamour or gain a temporary point of Banality. For this to
succeed, it must succeed in an opposed Willpower roll
against its opponent.


as

a


(Acc. Three:
‘The Recurn

Scene One

"All right, everyone, pile in! We're going downtown
Chiller gunned the car's engine and pulled out of the garage
like a bat out of hell. He could hear the barking of the dogs
\ and the shouts of the humans. He stole a quick glance at
the backseat to see if Gypsy had Terry all right. "Fasten
your seatbelts and prepare for a wild ride!"

"Chiller, could you please be careful?" A note of
concern was audible in Gypsy's voice, but nothing would
slow the satyr down. A few miles down the road, they
passed police cars heading the other way. Chiller swore.
Butterfly just advised him to keep driving.

"So, where to from here?" Jeannie looked worried,
unusual for her normally outrageous attitude. She continu-
} ously glanced back at the cars as if she expected some to
come screaming after them and return them to that hell they

had just escaped.
Chiller shrugged. "Not home. They know where we
live, well, where you losers live." He laughed. "How about
my place? We got people to watch us, and we can hang
there until we get word to Erech."

1"

The Chase

All the lights on the property flash on as the sounds
of barking guard dogs and loudspeakers fill the air. The
institute's staff is aware of the escape and is organizing to
catch the escapees. The characters attempt to quietly
make their way off the land before they are caught and
reimprisoned in this gray fortress of Banality.

As mentioned in a previous scene, as soon as the staff
discovers that the patients have escaped, they will notify
the local authorities. Specifically, they will report the
patients as having kidnapped Terry Wood. They may have
film evidence of the group's abduction of Terry.

The characters can leave in their own vehicle, assum-
ing they arrived under their own power. It is also possible
to steal a vehicle, or simply leave the grounds on foot. If
they choose the latter, the security forces will scour the
immediate grounds for them, slowly spreading out into the
woods as they await the approach of law enforcement
authorities. They are somewhat wary of the changelings,
as they have been told to expect violent personalities.

It doesn't really matter if the characters drive out in
their own vehicles or ina stolen car. The police will, most
likely, have a description of the automobile in question
and will track it down while it is still on the road — unless

Chapcer Two: Cuixoce Syndrome


someone uses an Art such as Wayfare or Chicanery to
avoid them. If the police do catch up with the characters,
they will treat them as potentially dangerous criminals.
They will try to take them in peacefully (in which case Dr.
Chapman will request they be remanded to his custody).

It really shouldn't be difficult for the characters to make
their escape with Terry, but don't let them know that. Of
course, the fact that they are currently wanted by the police
isn't exactly the best of signs. There is probably a way out of
it for them (for example: not being seen). In any event, they
should feel fairly nervous about their chances well after they
are long departed from the premises.

Scene Two

"Okay everyone, make yourselves at home. There's
beer in the fridge," Butterfly wrinkled her nose at that,
"chairs on the floor and a TV on the blink." Chiller grinned
wryly. The drive had put him in a good mood, so the other
Finders were willing to deal with it, rare as it was. Jeannie
immediately headed for the kitchen in search of something to
eat. It didn't have to be edible, of course, but it helped.

Gypsy nodded with approval. "You're keeping yourself
in some style, son—"

Chiller cut her off, a sudden edge to his voice. "Don't
call me that. Don't ever call me that. Oh, hey, Shorty, the
bedroom is in there. Just lay him on the bed."

Shorty nodded and took his burden into the indicated
room. He tucked Terry in as carefully as he could, then
returned to the others.

Darkling chuckled softly under his breath. "So
frightened he is, of his own kind. How can we be far
behind?"

"You keep out of this, rat!" Darkling only smiled at
Chiller and made more notes.

The Eshu sighed and started closing blinds. "In case
the police show up. Could you turn out the lights, Butter-
fly? Shorty?"

Darkling slipped away into the bedroom. "So, little
one, what secrets have you for me?" he whispered.
"Perhaps a dream or two to spare?" He sat on the edge of
the bed and lay a circle of cards around Terry. "Let's see
what's hidden in this little mind of yours."

He concentrated for several minutes, examining the
cards regularly. The Lovers came up strongest every time.
After a few more minutes, his eyes widened.

The sluagh ran into the living room, his voice a
whispery shout. "Hey, I think he's still Kithain!"

Gypsy looked at him closely. "Are you sure? Why
can't we feel it?"

"That's the bad news. He's out there somewhere.
Stuck. He's looking for someone important to him."
Darkling shrugged. "I don't know, I can't see much else."

aven

The characters first order of business should be to find
someplace safe, for themselves and for Terry — one of
their homes, perhaps. Regardless, they should keep in
mind that they are probably wanted for kidnapping or
worse due to their flight from the Denholm Institute.

Terry is still unconscious at this point and he shows
absolutely no sign of any Glamour, as if he has been
Undone. Due to the normal player's penchant for grasping
at straws, it is entirely possible that one or more of the
characters will feel it necessary to examine him with an
Art or Kenning. With a Perception + Kenning roll (diffi-
culty 8), it will be possible to find some rather startling
information. With one success, the character will deter-
mine that there is still a fragile, tenuous connection from
Terry toa bit of Glamour. With five successes, they will be
able to determine that Terry's fae nature still survives; it is
simply separated from his mortal seeming. Of course, this
is far from a simple problem to solve; certainly not one to
be solved with the application of a few Arts.

Use of Soothsay may grant this and other information
about Terry. Soothsay 3 (Tattletale) along with Fae 2
(Lofty Noble) would be necessary, with a minimum of 3
successes, to find Terry's fae nature. He is not on Earth, nor
is he easily accessible from Earth. Regardless of how many
success are gained, nothing better than a fleeting glimpse
of Terry's location can be retrieved, due to the conditions
of his withdrawal from reality.

What is glimpsed, however, is entirely up to the
Storyteller. It could be anything from a strange glen of
trees, to a snow-topped mountain, to a prison cell much
like those found in the Bastille during the French Revolu-
tion. Whatever it is, it should reflect the Storyteller's ideas
of how to deal with Terry.

Busced!

It's entirely possible that the characters will be caught
by the police. This will not be pleasant for any of them, as
the police will not be sympathetic to anyone claiming to
have saved childlings from evil, Banal psychiatrists. Any
changeling whose seeming is under the apparent age of
fifteen will be placed in Juvenile Delinquency Hall, while
any adults will be put in jail. Terry, on the other hand, will
be returned to Dr. Chapman's care.

Dr. Chapman will try to get custody of the other
characters, but that will have to await hearings, or possibly


even trials. Either way, it's going to bea long wait as the court
systems in the World of Darkness are neither efficient nor
fast. Erech will be willing to post bail, and assist with keeping
the changelings out of prison— or institutions — but it's best
to simply not get caught in such a situation.

Should the characters find themselves imprisoned,
there are numerous possibilities involving escape. Prisons
are among the most Banal of places in the World of Dark-
ness; they are filled with horror and are dedicated to breaking
the human spirit. Any stay within such a place will probably
cost a changeling dearly. Juvenile offenders have it easier, as
they often get possibility of probation or are placed in foster
homes, or work study programs, such as the Job Corps.

Scene Three

Erech stepped into the room, gazing bemusedly at
Chiller's affectations. "Nice place you have here." He said
it smoothly, without a moment's hesitation. One of his
whiskers twitched as he sat in an empty chair. "Now,
where is the childling?"

Gypsy looked down for a moment, then returned her
gaze to Erech's eyes. "He was lost to us before we could
find him. A psychiatrist got ahold of him and drove him into
his seeming."

Shorty chimed in, "there were a lot of weird chimera
there. They attacked us. I think he's been like this for a
long time."

A look of shocked concern flashed across Erech's face
before he regained his composure. "Might I see the lad?"

Gypsy nodded and led him into the bedroom, where
Terry lay catatonic. "He's been like this since we found
him — yesterday."

"What the hell are you doing here?" Erech whirled at
the challenge in the young voice. The youthful satyr was
glaring at him balefully. "You got us into this mess. We're
wanted by the police, for kidnapping!" He punched the
wall. "I hope you can get us out of that rap."

Erech smiled disarmingly, seemingly unruffled. "Of
course, of course. There won't be any problem whatso-
ever." He turned his attention back to Terry. "The duchess
is not going to be happy about this. Not in the least." He
shook his head and looked at Gypsy. "I sense no Glamour
around him. What now?"

Darkling stepped forward. "Erech, it isn't lost, just
misplaced."

For the first time in their association with Erech, they
saw him momentarily lose his composure. "What? !?"

"He's still a changeling, he just doesn't know it yet."
The sluagh made one of his unique shrugs. "All he needs is

Chapcer Two: Cuycoce Syndrome


a good girlfriend, that's what I see."

Erech was back under control now. "Then he can be
cured?"

Darkling shrugged. "Yes." He looked down. "No."
He grinned. "Maybe." He laughed. "I don't know, it
depends. We can try."

Crech... Again

Soon enough, Terry will have to be brought to Erech,
by whatever means it takes. When Erech gets a good look
at Terry and perceives his condition, he will not be happy
about it. In fact, he may become slightly enraged. This
would be a good time to inform him about anything they
might have discovered about Terry's state.

If they do tell him, his mood will lighten. He will look
away from them for a period of time, then turn to them,
smiling. "I understand how this could happen. It isn't your
fault, of course. I do trust that something can be done
about it, naturally. You have done very well so far in
fulfilling her ladyship's wishes to bring Terry's mortal
seeming to her." He smiles disarmingly. "I know it techni-
cally goes beyond the boundaries of your oath, which you
have fulfilled admirably, but I would request your aid in
retrieving his soul.

"That shouldn't be too difficult, should it?" He smiles
at them again. If any of the characters object, he will only
smile and deliver the promised reward. He will lose much
of his respect for them, however, and it will reflect in future
dealings.

Should the characters choose not to inform Erech, or
simply do not have the information, he will glower and
take Terry to Aoibhell. From there, he is likely to be
returned to his parents. Erech will not be happy in the
least, but he will acknowledge that the oathbond was
fulfilled to the letter.

When word gets to Aoibhell, she will be livid. Terry
was to be her ward, and he is now apparently lost to
Banality — to the meddling of a mortal psychiatrist, no
less. The characters had best avoid her for a time if they do
not have any hopeful news to offer. It's true they had
nothing to do with the loss, but that probably won't cross
her mind at first.

Ideas for Lucure Scories

CUincer

What is it? What are its goals? Where did it go? Odds
are that the last of the three is the most pressing and
unknown facet of its existence to the players. Regardless,

46 Book of Scoryceller Secrets

such a creature will be a danger to changelings around the
Bay Area until it is dealt with.

‘Terry Wood

There are several possible resolutions to Terry's story:

Terry's Glamour is still lost somewhere in the vague
area between dream and consciousness. How will it be
brought back? Perhaps there is a treasure which can forge
a link between his mortal seeming and his fae spirit?

Regardless of how it can be done, Duchess Aoibhell
wants it accomplished. If it can't be done, she wants to
know the reason why. She will make a powerful ally, but
a worse enemy.

What about Keridwen? Is it possible that due to the
bonds of true love, she might have chosen to voluntarily
undergo exile so she could be with Naise? In this event, the
characters could somehow come into contact with her just
as she awakens, or soon thereafter. They could deal with
anoble who wants to take her in as a ward, or perhaps an
attempt by Dr. Chapman to take her in as well.

Is it possible that one of the player-characters is really
Keridwen? She would be sidhe, of course. Another possi-
bility could be that she has manifested in a male changeling.
In either case, when the characters finally find Terry,
describe some sort of odd closeness or connection to the
player who is playing Keridwen. If you do this with a male
character, make certain the player is mature enough to
handle such a concept when it finally comes to light.

What of the silver comb Keridwen gave Naise before
his exile? Where is it? Is it a chimerical treasure? Does it
even exist? Could it be the key to bringing Terry's Glam-
our back to his seeming?

Crech

Erech has more than a few activities going on in the
sidelines, most of which seem to have no relation. What
could they mean? Why is he doing this? Many pooka
grumps tend to build up to the practical joke of a lifetime.
Could this be his own version?

Any joke Erech hatches will be subtle and creative,
will make use of nearly all of his resources and will probably
leave the subject of his joke wondering what just hit him.
How does this relate to the characters? Erech may find a
use for them in his scheme, in which case he will ask them
for assistance again in the near future.


Seryancs or nights of
the Lady Aoidhell

With a position such as this, the characters could
work directly for Reeve Erech, or even Duchess Aoibhell
— if given titles — as problem solvers. They would be
given places to go and tasks to accomplish in Aoibhell's
name, perhaps representing her interests to other Kithain,
or finding a needed piece of information for her. This
would allow the story to segue into Immortal Eyes: The
Toybox, the Bay Area chronicle for Changeling: The
Dreaming.

Sir Adrian andthe
Crystal Grove

Sir Adrian's grove can serve as meeting places for
further arrangements, a place to relax, or even a source of
potential allies. If the characters asked Sir Adrian for the
offered assistance during the story, he will keep them in
mind for future enterprises, especially if they made a good
showing of themselves during the story. He may contact
them for favors on any number of tasks he has. Life cannot
be easy for a Knight who is a landowner. Perhaps another,
higher-ranking Kithain feels that she needs to annex the
Crystal Grove, as they feel Sir Adrian does not handle it
well. If they can present a case to Aoibhell that she will
agree with, it is lost. Perhaps Adrian would ask the char-
acters to assist him in keeping the glen, just as he assisted
them in retrieving Terry.


Doce
 temnnia®
a


Chapcer_ |hree:

UMp-OTART
C haraccers

[inders-Keepers
CDocley

All of the members of this motley are fairly new to
changeling life and culture. Most of them have only
recently manifested their fae nature, and know little about
it. The twins (both childlings) are the "oldest" of the
motley, and have the most experience with changeling
society. All six of these Kithain were taken into the care
of one of Aoibhell's nobles at the time of their awakening.
They met during that time and became close friends. The
twins took it upon themselves to show the others around
and teach them what they knew of Kithain society.

All have met Erech in the past, and know he can be
trusted — as far as pookas go. They have no reason to
doubt he is telling most of the truth when he comes to
them with his request. It is, of course, up to each of the
characters to ultimately decide whether they should ac-
cept or not. Just remember, it is considered very bad form
to ignore the call to aid a new changeling.

Erech has chosen this motley because of their past
association with Aoibhell and their relative youth. (That

is, they aren't fully aware of all of the nuances of change-
ling society.) He also considers the entire job to be fairly
harmless and has no idea of what he is sending these young
changelings into.

‘Tammy Sinclair, Buccerfly;
‘Tommy Sinclair, Shorcy

Tammy and Tommy are fraternal twins. Tammy is
the elder of the two (something she rarely allows Tommy
to forget) and considers herself to be the wiser. This is
generally true, although Tommy's natural stubbornness
more than makes up for it.

Their younger years were far more eventful than most
children need; when they were both five, their parents
were killed in an accident with a drunk driver. They then
moved from the Midwest to San Francisco, where they
now live with one of their aunts. She doesn't really care for
them, but feels an obligation to her deceased brother to
ensure that they get a decent upbringing. She is a very
strict guardian and is concerned that they grow up to be
"good" people. For all she knows, they could be doing
crack at school or some such silly thing.

The twins never got along well in school. They were
intelligent, creative, and their aunt made them wear

Chapter Three: Jump-Scart Characters 49


clothing that was rather unstylish for school children in
the early 90s. Their schoolmates constantly subjected
them to teasing and even occasional physical attacks.
When they fought back, their aunt invariably berated
them for being violent, as she felt that such behavior was
improper.

They were in the third grade when it finally hap-
pened. The two of them were attacked by a group of bullies
intent upon separating them from any money they might
have and causing some gratuitous damage to the "freaks"
in the process. Tommy was the first to feel his Chrysalis.
He suddenly grew several inches in height and a sensation
of strength and power rushed through him. Voices seemed
to whisper in his ear of Glamour and magic. His tormen-
tors appeared to twist into monstrous forms, the oaths they
shouted sounding as if they were in a different tongue.

He turned on their assailants, shouting insults and
threats as he pulled one of the bullies from his sister.
Rather inexplicably, it worked, frightening the attackers
into a retreat. Tammy's Chrysalis came only moments
later. To her eyes, her brother seemed to have turned into
some sort of child giant. She then felt a shift of perspective
as she experienced her own Chrysalis.

She instinctively used her command of Glamour to
make the bullies' retreat slightly more perilous, as stray
branches and other debris shifted to trip them. After they
were left alone, the two simply stared at each other in
wonder, then looked at the new world opened to their
eyes. From there, they ran home laughing in delight.

They were slightly confused by the fact that their aunt
didn't notice the changes in their appearance. They tried
to avoid her, however, as she was even more boring than
before. She was also suspicious of their good mood, and
suspected them of having taken drugs. She attempted to
get them to fess up, but they of course refused.

Someone came to them after school the next day to
introduce them to their new life and family. He was a very
strange man, with pointed ears and red skin. He took them
to the freehold, where they met other childlings who liked
them and wanted to play with them. This was two years
ago.

Sines then, they we met several othes Kithain — all
with older seemings, but younger than they when it comes
to things fae— and taken them under their wings to show
them the new world in which they've found themselves.

Tammy Sinclair, Buccerfly"
Court: Seelie

Legacies: Wayfarer/Rogue
Seeming: Childling
Kith: Pooka


Motley: Finders, Keepers

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Animal Ken 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Kenning 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 2, Performance 2,
Security 1, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 2, Mythlore 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Dreamer 2, Mentor 1
Arts: Chicanery 2, Legerdemain 2

Realms: Actor 2, Props 3

Glamour: 6

Willpower: 2

Banality: 1

Equipment: Toys, schoolbooks, lockpicks (a gift from
her mentor), drawing pad.

Image: Short, blonde, and extremely cute. You have
heart-melting blue eyes and you know how to use
them. In your faerie seeming, you are very kittenish —
your animal is the cat.

Roleplaying Hints: Behave in a disarmingly innocent
fashion at all times, even when telling outrageous fibs.
You try very hard to be good, despite your pooka
nature. Above all, however, you will stay by your
brother if he is in trouble.

‘Tommy Sinclair, Shorty:

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Sage/Enigma

Seeming: Childling

Kith: Troll

Motley: Finders, Keepers

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Kenning 1, Streetwise 2

Skills: Craft 1, Leadership 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Computer 3, Enigmas 2, Investigation 2,
Mythlore 2, Occult 2, Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Gremayre 3
Arts: Soothsay 1, Wayfare 3

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Props 1, Scene 1
Glamour: 5

Willpower: 2

Banality: 1


Equipment: Toys, schoolbooks, worn-out clothing,
comics, science fiction novels.

Image: A rough, blond-haired, blue-eyed youth, you
are tall for your age, having experienced a growth spurt
upon your Saining. You are hardly the vision of
innocence your sister is, but you probably deserve the
reputation more. You are always wearing jeans, T-
shirts and sneakers. You are also strong for a childling
troll.

Roleplaying Hints: You are intensely loyal to your
sister and will do anything you can to defend her from
harm. You are also scrupulously honest in nearly
everything — except when your sister has been caught
in a prank. More often than not, you will claim
responsibility.

Oennis Deycon, ‘Chiller'

Dennis grew up in South San Francisco. His gang was
his family — he hada home, with parents and siblings, but
they didn't care much for him. He was the black sheep, the
bad guy. They always acted like he didn't matter, so he
hung around people who treated him as if he did.

He left home and moved in with a couple of the older
gangers. It was when they went out to celebrate his change
of address that it happened. They encountered members of
a rival gang, one that held a serious grudge against them.

They were attacked, shot down like animals. His only real
family.

He left then. He left South San Francisco, his gangs
and his family behind forever — or so he hopes. Fora time,
he lived on the streets of San Francisco, keeping to himself
and allowing no one near him. Such was his situation
when he felt his Chrysalis. He was utterly confused by the
experience, not expecting the strange new rush of sensa-
tions transforming his body and perceptions. He was most
assuredly not expecting what he would become. While he
suffered through the experience, a changeling who had
sensed his Saining came to aid him. She used her own
mastery of Primal to help him through the ravages of his
change.

He fell into a deep sleep after it was over. When he
awoke, she was gone. She had left a note for him, indicat-
ing that he should go to the Toybox Coffee Shop to meet
others like him. He remembered every feature of hers
clearly, every detail with exquisite accuracy. He was en-
tranced by her beauty. At that point, he resolved to find
her and profess his love to her. From there, who knew...

Since his Saining, he has begun to put a new gang
together. He wants to get revenge on the punks who killed
his friends in South San Francisco.


Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Outlaw/Hermit

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Satyr

Motley: Finders, Keepers

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Streetwise 3

Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Melee 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics 1,
Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Retinue 3

Arts: Primal 3

Realms: Actor 4, Fae 1

Glamour: 4

Willpower: 6

Banality: 3

Equipment: Switchblade, .45 pistol, bedroll, street
clothes.

Image: To humans, you appear to be a typically tough
street youth. You dress, look and act the part. To the
fae, you are a satyr in a leather jacket. Not a new sight
to them, but one that gives you pause on occasion.
Roleplaying Hints: You're mean and tough. You act
that way to make people give you distance. You don't
want anyone to get close to you again. They'd either
grow to hate you or get killed, just like before. If you
find the Kithain who healed you, you'll make an
exception for her, and try to tell her how you feel.
Once you tell her, however, you'll probably try to keep
her from getting too close. She'd be in danger, too.

Oaniel Connelly, Oarkling'

Danny's life was one depressing disaster after another
— to him, at least. His parents were insensitive to his
troubles, his brothers really wanted nothing to do with
him and the remainder of his relatives couldn't care if he
lived or died. His single solace was his school friends, and
even they only stayed with him in shared misery.

Daniel decided one day that he was going to have
nothing to do with his family from then on. In celebration
of this fact, and in symbolic mourning, he chose to wear
only black. He ignores his family as much as possible, but,
as the child of wealthy parents, he does understand the
importance of privilege. To him, his family is simply yet
another part of a larger problem. He stays with them
because they're convenient.


He preferred to ignore most people; or at least he
seemed to ignore them. Even today, he is always paying
attention to everything around him. Whenever he hears
anything interesting or bizarre, he writes it down in a
journal. He claims that he will use these ideas to write a
story some day. Right now, he is simply content to learn
everything he can about people.

He is known for having a morbid streak; even his
friends consider him rather dark. He rarely expresses this,
except in poetry scrawled across a washroom's walls, or
perhaps in a verse spoken to whomever is nearby. It rarely
makes sense to anyone who hears it, but most feel a slight
chill as they listen.

He was at a friend's home when he entered his
Chrysalis. They were sitting in a darkened room, sipping
absinthe, when the visions came upon him: dark, cold
visions of Winter and the dying of Glamour. He was visibly
shaken by this at first, but later on, he came to the
conclusion that it only made sense. One of his group, who
had been something of a mystery to the others noted this
and took him to a freehold, leaving him there to meet the
Kithain within.

Daniel accepted Shorty's name for him, "Darkling."
In fact, he has cultivated a jaded attitude toward every-
thing he has seen. So far, he has had little difficulty in
dealing with the other members of Finders, Keepers, as he
finds it useful to have a handful of friends.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Enigma/Troubadour

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Sluagh

Motley: Finders, Keepers

Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 2, Kenning 2,
Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Performance 3

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 2,
Mythlore 2, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Dreamers 3, Resources 3

Arts: Soothsay 3

Realms: Actor 1, Fae 1, Props 3

Glamour: 5

Willpower: 4

Banality: 3

Equipment: Notepad, calligraphy pen, black clothing,
walking stick, cigarettes.

54 Book of Scoryceller Secrets

Image: A tall, black (dyed)-haired, pale young man.
He wears a black trenchcoat, slacks, tuxedo shirt, hat
and workboots. He carries a walking stick with a silver
skull as a handle. His small notepad and calligraphy
pen are in a pocket. In fae form, he is somewhat
shorter and slimmer. In both forms, he wears sunglasses
(dark lenses, non-reflective).

Roleplaying Hints: Since you are a sluagh, you always
whisper. However, you prefer listening to speaking.
You are always noting the behavior of others down in
your book. When you do say something, it's generally
an obscure poem you either read somewhere or created
yourself. Sometimes it pertains to what is going on —
it's hard for other people to tell.

Jeanine Cooke, Jeannie:

From an early age, Jeanine was considered to be a
typical problem child. She was found in an empty apart-
ment at the age of four, screaming in rage. The state took
her into the foster care system in hopes of giving her a good
home. The first family who took her in didn't have the
patience to deal with her, so they sent her on to another
home, and another, and another...

She quickly learned to trust no one. As she grew older,
she came to hate most of the families she was placed with.
At best, she would be tolerable long enough to stay in a
comfortable home. At worst, she would concoct the most
outrageous lies to get out — lies about how much she
enjoyed killing and how she's killed people in the past, lies
about nearly anything. It was simply a self-defense reac-
tion.

When she felt the need for stability, she would behave
quite differently, and would be as nice to her ersatz family
as she could tolerate. This rarely lasted more than a few
months; her patience would run out and she would let
loose a terrible outburst against her foster parents. She was
always picking fights with someone; at home or at school,
or on the streets. She loved a good brawl, especially when
she felt she had a good reason to jump into it.

No family was willing to accept this behavior from a
child they didn't need to keep. That is, no family until the
Wilsons. Robert and Pamela Wilson both wanted a child
very badly, but they couldn't afford to adopt, and Pamela
had suffered from endometriosis. They decided to open
their home to foster children.

Their first child was Jeanine. From the very outset,
she was unhappy about her placement. She had just been
released from juvenile delinquency hall after an assault on
one of her foster "siblings" had landed her there. Her first
words to the Wilsons were screamed, as she accused them
of the same things she'd gotten from all the other families.


She was convinced they would send her on to another
family and was tired of the whole game. Surprisingly, they
kept her. They met every tantrum with boundless pa-
tience, every argument with equanimity. Jeanine was
completely confused by their acceptance. That is, until
her Chrysalis.

She experienced her Chrysalis rather quickly, al-
though not necessarily painlessly. During the entire process,
her foster parents helped her as much as they could —
although she came to dislike their help after atime. When
she finally returned to her senses, her first reaction upon
looking at the Wilsons was to scream.

They both looked like demented faeries from some
children's tale. The pair explained to Jeanine that she was
a redcap — just like them. She finally had a family to
which she could belong. They took her away from the
mundane and taught her what they could. She has since
met Chiller, who invited her to visit the rest of the Finders,
Keepers motley. She decided to stay, in part because Gypsy
reminds her of the mother she has always wanted, al-
though she would never admit it.

Court: Unseelie

Legacies: Beast/Innocent

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Redcap

Motley: Finders, Keepers

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 1, Melee 2, Security 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Linguistics 1, Medicine 1, Mythlore 2,
Occult 1

Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Mentor 3

Arts: Chicanery 1, Wayfare 1, Primal 1

Realms: Actor 1, Nature 1, Fae 1, Props 1, Scene 1
Glamour: 5

Willpower: 3

Banality: 3

Equipment: A very sharp knife, torn clothing, diary
Image: Jeanine is a slender young woman of medium
height and build. She has red hair and green eyes and
dresses like a street kid. In her fae form, she has a
pointed nose and ears, and wiry, spindly limbs.
Roleplaying Hints: You hate most of the world and
aren't afraid to let them know it. Most of the time you
engage in your favorite activities — fighting and
pilfering — just to pass this message along. The only

Chapter Three: Jump-Scarc Characters 55


people you really get along with are the Wilsons and
your motley. You are quick to swing at or insult any of
them, however. You won't admit how you really feel;
who knows what they'd say. You have a hard time
believing anyone would really like you, so you keep to
yourself as much as possible.

CDiriam eer ‘Gypsy:

When Miriam was young, she dreamed about the
things she would do to make the world better for all. Of
course, this usually led her into fantastic daydreams about
the things she would love to see or do. Her parents thought
she was frivolous and unable to concentrate on the world
at hand, so they discouraged this behavior. School wasn't
much better, as she would often drift off into her own mind
to live lives far more interesting than her own.

Before she knew it, she was out of high school and not
entirely prepared for what awaited her. She tried medical
school fora bit, and was qualified to bean RN after a period
of time, but she didn't have the discipline or focus to go for
a doctorate. Still, her fantasies followed her.

At some point in her life, the fantasies lost their
luster. She worried more and more about the day-to-day
minutiae and thought less about the wonder she'd sought
in her youth. Worst of all, she didn't realize that it was
slipping away. One day, she awoke with the realization
that the glimmer of the endless summer of her youth was
fading. All sense of wonder had fled her life and her adult
years were becoming one long stretch of boredom and
despair. It was the complete antithesis of what she had
been looking for all along.

She made something ofa living at her nursing job, but
it was hardly what she wanted to do. She wanted to fly into
space, or find the cure for cancer, or some other revolu-
tionary thing. Something wonderful. She desperately
wished that something would change for her, that she
could rediscover what she had lost in her struggle for
survival in the world. One night, in dreams filled with
magic and ancient races, it finally returned to her.

Her dreams told of a place beyond, lost to the Earth
now, but a place where she had been before. She learned
of her life there, as an eshu, and how she had chosen to

become a human so she could survive the coming ages of
humanity. She finally awoke, her world filled with the lost
wonder of youth. When she looked at herself in the mirror,
she saw the depths of time reflected in her own eyes.


looking for all along. She found it within, where all the
daydreams had dwelt. Not from without, as she always
expected, but a part of her. Shortly thereafter, a change-
ling brought her to the freehold to meet other recently
reborn Kithain and learn something of her newly realized
nature.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Regent/Scrooge

Seeming: Grump

Kith: Eshu

Motley: Finders, Keepers

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Empathy 3, Intimidation 2, Kenning 1,
Streetwise 3

Skills: Craft 3, Etiquette 2, Leadership 3
Knowledges: Computer 1, Enigmas 1, Investigation 2,
Linguistics 1, Medicine 2, Mythlore 3, Occult 1,
Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Dreamers 1, Gremayre 3,
Resources 1

Arts: Soothsay 2, Wayfare 2

RR

Realms: Actor 2, Fae 2, Nature 1

Glamour: 4

Willpower: 5

Banality: 5

Equipment: A .38 special she keeps in her purse,
nursing uniform, everyday clothes, cheap apartment,
Yugo.

Image: You aren't particularly striking as far as today's
society goes, unless someone looks into your eyes. Your
bearing, however, is that of a queen. When others see
you, they will feel the force of your personality before
they actually note your appearance. You dress in fairly
average clothing to avoid too much notice. In faerie
form, your eyes and hair are absolutely black, and you
are much more slender and striking to those who can
see,

Roleplaying Hints: You consider yourself a den
mother for the motley. Certainly, Shorty and Butterfly
have been changelings for over a year by this point,
but they are still children and must be taken care of.
The wilders all have their own little problems, to be
sure, and you try to be there for them as well. You
consider this awakening to be your second childhood
and you intend to make the most of it while it lasts. It
is literally a dream come true for you.


Oenholm Inscicuce Isc Foor


Oenholm Inscrcuce 2nd Looe


Oenholm Insaicuce 3rd Floor

| meter

bm I —~ — S — —  — —}

—~—-—

Garage

Hitchen

Serving Area
Cafeteria/ Recreation
Library

Lobby

Receptionist

Closet

Restrooms

Orderly Station

hel

Dennis' Room
Cheryl's Room
Don's Room
Dr. Chapman's Office
Therapy Room
Terry's Room
= Barred Window
m= — Garage Door
ww Partition

Visiting Area

Green Ward

Davntain's Room

z Lower Level Roof


for running games with other Storyteller games.

| , ma —sISBN 1-5650
ram 780 PARK NORTHBOUND «= VN ees i. a ee a
<> CLARKSTON, GEORGIN 3002 faite PWer I LIN
| USA
AL Sa 9 (81565 047020
: CAME STUDIO Printed in Canada

Ue — Q a OF Coe
