# File: Book Of The City.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

alypse

"

ry

©

Eee oS
<
2
.


BY JAMES COMER, RICK JONES, JAMES KILEY & ELLEN KILEY

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN > HAGEN
a 2... Ore see

piece

Pee

Authors: James Comér, Rick Jones; James Kiley &
Ellen Kiley... Werewolf and the World of Darkness
created by Mark Rein* Hagen

Strorytellergame system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Development & Additional Material: Ethan Skemp
Editor: Aileen E..Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Langdon Foss, Leif Jones, Steve Préscott,. Jeff
Rebner

Cover Art: Langdon Foss; Leif Jones, Steve Prescott,
Jeff Rebner

Layout, Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

1554 LITTON Dr.

& STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2002 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only: White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire
the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, Hunter the Reckoning, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing,.Inc. All rights reserved... Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the
Great War, Mind's Eye Theatre, Trinity, Book of the City, Umbra, Book of the Weaver, Book of the Wyrm,
Hengeyokai Shapeshifters of the East, The Thousand Hells, New York by Night, Werewolf Storytellers
Companion, Subsidiaries a Guide to Pentex, Guardians of the Caerns, Blood and Silk, Ratkin, Ananasi,
Possessed, Fréak Legion and Tribebook Glass Walkers are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages isnot achallenge to the trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the ‘supernatural for settings; characters and themes. All. mystical. and supernatural
elernents are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLPF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hietp://www-white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.gamés.frp-storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA...

2 Book of the City

LE Le LT ST A A

A5wgennlt of Ye Clarot: Fite Md tsoflser Cron 2
Byser Jo: J be Cirtad (tacurde) Be

Aatyer 9 firée: SD Be Noor LULE CO Te eg

Batyer Four: Chritate Légenae Fa eo

epepibe: Fxof Clettl (CE LLO
Contents 3

— NS NS

ts

a,


Just Another Good Sfop

"''m_-telling you that if we don't get her to a doctor
within the next couple of hours, she might die, and the
baby won't make it without her." Eagle stared back
through the rearview mirror as he spoke. It was pouring
rain as the pack's van sluiced its way down I-80; the
road would have been seriously treacherous if there
were more traffic, but that late at night —~- and in that
weather —~ there was hardly anyone out. Eagle spared
a glance for his alpha, Peregrine, eight or more months
pregnant and badly injured to boot.

Eagle rubbed at his left side. Peregrine wasn't the
only one injured; some of the security guards that the
Mystic Raptors had run into while monkeywrenching
that tire plant had been armied with silver weapons.
That had implications Eagle didn't feel like thinking
through in a rainstorm. He returned his attention to
the. wheel, and the road.

Peregrine lay half-reclined and sémiconscious next
to Watcher. Watcher, a tense young Black Fury, spoke
with clipped precision:

"Women gave birth for ten thousand years with-
out help from doctors, Eagle, and we're Garou, not
human. She can survive childbirth," Watcher spat. "We
meed to get Peregrine out of this goddamned...
minivan... and to a glade or acaern. Now."

Owlbite turned around from the passenger's seat
and looked over his left shoulder. Dreadlocks spun and
flopped as he did, and he pushed a pair of wire-rimmed
glasses up his nose as he spoke. His accent was faintly
Jamaican. "We're on the outskirts of Toledo now. I
heard there was acaermin the city. And Watcher, you
know she's not just pregnant. Some of the metal in her
gut is silver."

Warcher made-a face, and fished a deformed
snippet of silver from her jeans pocket. She held it up,
between two fingers. "Yes, J[know. I pulled this one out
of your jacket, remember?"

Owlbite sighed and waved a hand atthe air,
"Yeah, ah, thanks, but you just made my point for me.
She can't-—"

"Yeah, I know; no shit," Warcher said, teeth
bared. "So if she goes into labor with shrapnel in her
belly, she's fucked, and since it's silver we can't go in
after it all tooth and claw."

Eagle flipped the turn signal and prepared to get off
the highway, interrupting before the argument got
worse. Tempers are short enough, he realized, and the
pack couldn't afford infighting. He waited for Watcher
to take a breath and interjected: "Oh, and we're
entering Toledo now."

Legends of the Garou: Just Another Good Sfop s


"Toledo... they make good swords there?" Per-
egrine murmured, not entirely awake. The argu-
ment paused, at least for the moment. Eagle looked
over at Owlbite, who valiantly tried to suppress a
grin at the pack alpha's comment... Watcher leaned
toward Peregrine with a canteen of water, gently
shushing her, then glanced forward, looking at Eagle
through the mirror.

The wind picked up, pelting the van's windshield
so hard that Eagle thought for a moment the rain had
turned to hail. He nodded to Watcher, then an-
nounced to no one in particular, "I'm pretty sure I
have enough room left on Dad's credit card to get a
motel room for the night. I'm sorry, I... know we're
supposed to be tough and hardy werewolves and all
that shir, but 1 don't want to go sleep under a tree in
a thunderstorm."

Watcher sighed loudly enough thar Eagle guessed
she had something to say. "Yes?" he asked a little more
sharply than he intended.

"If you two think we need to find a doctor right
away, why are we stopping at Ed's Beds?" she said. Eagle
brought the van to a stop and the end of the offramp,
flipped it into park, and turned around angrily.

"Listen, dammit, you've beén——"

"Eagle," Owlbite intoned, "she's right. We should
get somewhere safe, and then try and find the caern
tonight. I'm sure the sept has got a healer that can
help us."

Eagle gritted his teeth and took a few calming
breaths. Watcher looked at his face but didn't meet
his gaze. Eagle thought she looked a little worried.
"Ym sorry," she began, "I don't mean to antagonize
you, I'm just——"

"TL know, Lauren." Eagle paused a second. "We all
are." Owlbite looked behind Eagle's seat, at Per-
egririe, who didn't seem to recognize that any of them
were there.

"This is easier when Perican make the decisions,"
Owlbite said with a half-smile. "Eagle, park the car,
then you and me can head downtown, try and find the
caern. You're a Glass Walker, you should be comfort-
able in the big nasty scar, right?"

"Hey, whaddya mean, you two go and we stay here?
l could go," Watcher said, "Eagle might be a Glass
Walker, but c'mon, he's from the suburbs..Of Cleve-
land. And it isn't like Toledo's a real city, more like a
pit stop on the way to Detroit."

The rain continued to pour on. the van's roof.
Another car pulled up behind the van, still standing at
the stop sign at the bottom. of the offramp; the car
flicked its headlights.once, then drove around the
pack's vehicle and turned onto the main road there.

Eagle watched ‘the ‘car's taillights vanish into the
gloom. He knew Owlbite was right, but didn't have the
patience to argue with Watcher about it.

"Okay," Owlbite began patiently, ticking off points
on his left hand as he went, "First, Eagle has to go. He's
a Glass Walker, and the caern in town —— I think it's
the Black Swamp Caern or something like that —— is
supposed to be a bunch of urrah." Owlbite reflexively
flinched as he used the term, but Eagle ignored the
profanity and the Jamaican continued.

"Second, you are something like three feet at the
shoulder in Lupus, and jet black. I mean, it's really
impressive, but Gaia's tits, the humans are going to
notice you no matter what: He's a Glass Walker, Pm
Uktrena, we're... mutts. We look kinda like big dogs in
Lupus. At least from a distance...at night... but it's
better than nothing. Third, if Peri goes into labor Eagle
and I are basically useless: All I remember is that Laura
Ingalls had to tear sheets and boil water when hermom
went into labor. And fourth, if we're being followed,
you are probably better at defending Peregrine than
any of us other than Eagle, and we already agree that
he's got to go along."

Fagle put the van in gear. He saw through the
mitror that Watcher nodded, then leaned over out of
sight to get her labrys from under the seat. Eagle drove
across the way and parked the van in the darkened
parking lot of a boarded-up failure of a fast-food
restaurant. Eagle turned the car off and gave Watcher
the keys."*I know you don't know how to drive," he
said, "but it's an automatic. If you get in trouble, just
remember, put it in .D, for Drive, and it's gas-left,
brake-right." Watcher nodded, keeping her atten-
tion focused on Peregrine. Eagle wasn't sure she'd
heard him,.but he reached down and put on his
holster, wriggled himselfinto his overcoat, and opened
the van door. .

Eagle sighed. Rain that had been pleasant to listen
to-in a motionless car was not particularly inviting
now. We're supposed to be big and tough werewolves,
he told himself, and stoically stepped out of the car.
Owlbite did the same, though with less hesitation and
more cursing. Eagle looked over at Owlbite, water
pouring down his face. "Damned if 'm going to walk
the whole way there like this," he said. "Let's make
some time."

The two Garou flickered effortlessly through their
forms and settled inas wolves. They began the long jog
down to the riverfront.

eee

In-just a few minutes Eagle and Owlbite were
soaked to the skin: Eagle spent the first ten minutes of
their jog pretending to find the rain exhilarating, and

Book of the City


the méxt tén minutes pretending that it just didn't
bother him very much. He was secretly happy to see
Owlbite's composure slowly degenerate as well. They
continued at.a huffing jog through the suburbs ‘until
the run-down. outskirts of Toledo proper began to
obscure the more distant lights of Downtown.

Owlbite found an intact awning over a tenement
apartment's entryway. The place looked to Eagle as if
it had been burned out; there were scorch marks on the
brick around most of the windows, and those windows
were boarded up. But it was dry; and that counted for
something.

"We should announce ourselvés, you know," Eagle
said in the half-growling tongue the Garou shared with
no other. Owlbite shook his head ruefully.

"In a rainstotm, in thé city, you think anyone's
going to hear a howled ‘HEY YOU GUYS'?' the
Uktena said.

Eagle.shook his head no. "But we should ‘try
anyway. It can't hurt-—"

"except to drag some Wyrmthings down on our
heads."

"Owlbite..:" Eagle didn't have to finish.

The Garou tilted their heads back slightly, stretch-
ing out and howling a long, complex series of notes. It
wasn't a chord exactly —— the two deliberately stayed
out of tune with one another, as wolvesdo—— but it was
a progression that conveyed information to any Garou
listening: We are Garou from another sept and we need
help. The howls echoed off of nearby buildings, and in
the distance Eagle could hear yips and barks from dogs
throughout the neighborhood, as well as some shouts
from nearby humans. The pair listened for a minute or
two, but didn't hear anything like a werewolf's answer-
ing howl. Owlbite looked at Eagle expectantly as water
dripped indecorously from the tip of his tail.

Eagle closed his eyes and tried to think about what
to do next.. He'd been in Toledo once before since his
Rite of Passage, but he hadn't gone to the local caern,
just crashed for the night with some Kinfolk while on
his way further. morth. That was years ago, but he
couldn't think of anything else, and he didn't want to
reveal the depths of his own ignorance about the place
in front of his older and worldlier packmate.

"I think I remember an address," Eagle whuffed.
"This way." .

The two headed off into the rain again. Eagle
noticed that Owlbite's ears were perked up, and his
head was on a swivel as they ran. The Uktena had
always had better senses than he, and Eagle assurned
that Owlbite sensed something hostile neatby. The
other werewolf didn't try particularly to. get Eagle's

Legends of the Garou:

attention, though; so he assumed that Owlbite hadn'r
noticed anything certain.

After about twenty minutes the pair came to an
apartment building in the city's university district.
The rain had stopped, leaving only cold breezes that
shoved dark clouds around in front of the moon and
stars — not that those would be visible from here even
on a clear night. There was more activity here than
elsewhere in town, . young humans up late studying,
talking, and. drinking. The pair stopped in an alley
across the street from the building, next to a conve-
nience store. While out of sight, both werewolves
rippled through their shapes into human form. Eagle
leaned over to Owlbite's ear, pointing at the stoop of
the apartment building across the way.

"That bum, sitting on the stoop=— that's crazy old
man Mamatas, I'd swear it. He was lolling in that exact
same position the last time I was here. Cripes, I think
that's the same plastic cup he's got sitting next tohim."

Owlbite looked skeptical, but the pair headed
across the street and up onto the stoop. The drunk had
all but passed out, but he stirred as Eagle stepped over
his leg. The man's well-worn and stubbled features
fixed on Eagle.

"TL know you!" Mamatas said. He pulled himself ro
his feet, unsteadily, then leaned forward, challenging
therm. "You came here years ago, hung out with the
goddamn hippie pagan freaks for a couple days!" Eagle
looked surprisedly at the man, and nodded. "Got some
change?" the old man askéd. Eagle considered this for
a second or two, then spoke.

"T might have a couple of bucks if you could tell us
if everything's okay here, and if my friends in this
building are doing okay."

"What?" the old man. fairly shouted, "the
goddamn freaks? No, they moved out a couple of
months ago. I think they had termites or worms or
some disgusting thing."

"Shit," Owlbite murmured under his breath. He
reached out and dropped a dollar into the old man's
cup. "Did they say where they were moving to?" The
old man's eyes blazed with mockery and barely sup-
pressed rage.

"What, talk to me? After I was their neighbor for
years? Goddamn no-good lousy pagan freaks, no, they
didn't tell mea damned thing. Nobody's moved into
theic apartment, either. Oh, I was up there, door's
unlocked, place stinks."

Eagle didn't believe for a moment that the man
had ever been a "neighbor" to anyone inside these
apartments, but he'simply pushed his way forward and
into the building. After a moment, Owlbite joined

Just Another Good Stop v4


him, abruptly ending his conversation with the
old man. Together, the young men headed up the
creaking wooden stairs and into the building.
Eagle stopped ar the top, at the first door on

the right. The door had a. padlock larch
slapped onto it, and a brand new -padlock
through the latch. Owlbite and Eagle looked
back and forth at one another, neither one
speaking, for an uncomfortable moment.

Eagle finally gave in. "Oh, okay, Pll do it:
Nobody's around." His shape contorted and
bulged and he took a larger, somewhat more
bestial shape. Eagle grabbed the padlock in
his right-hand and pulled while twisting. As
he expected, the new padlock latch tore off
the cheap door long before the lock itself
showed any sign of distress. Eagle pushed on
the light door; the thing swung open silently,
revealing a filthy room. The pair took a few.
steps into the apartment.

Eagle, still. wearing the bestial -Glabro
form, sniffed at the air. "Blood, smoke, and
shit. Animal waste, too. wonder how long
this place was unlocked after they left. I
meanh,.if Mamatas got in here, I wonder
who else did." Owlbite nodded, only half-
listening. Owlbite's eyes seerned to glaze
over, becoming almost milky as he sur-
veyed the apartment in ‘the spirit world
and spoke in an eerié monotone:

"Death, here. Pools of blood ‘still

dripping. Three lived here; one escaped.
I see .bloody footprints running .out the
door..." The Uktena trailed off, staring at
the floor and moving through the apart-
ment in slow, careful steps. He seémed to be
following a path.

Eagle lost sight of Owlbite as he walked into
the kitchen, but after just a few seconds he heard
an "Aha!" and Owlbite poked his head back out,
his eyes normal again. "Check this out!" Eagle
joined Wim in the kitchen, where Owlbite was
studying scratches in the countertop.

The scratches were in the form-of Garou
glyphs. Not in the-usual marks of clawed -finger-
tips, though; it appeared that someone had
scrawled the message with a knife. Eagle read the
script aloud: "Danger... Wyrm... human soldiers
-. police, maybe?... uhh, I don't recognize this
one... caern.... riverside?" Owlbite leaned in and
pointed at the unfamiliar rune.

"YThat's "retreat" or "defend." My guess is
they came under attack, maybe by the police,


Gaia only knows why, and fell back to rhe caern, which
must be on the waterfront. I guess we head down to the
river and start sniffing around." Eagle nodded in agree-
ment, and the two of them left the apartment.

«sand what the hell was his accent, anyway?
Lebanese?" Eagle asked Owlbite as the pair tromped
back down the main stairwell.

"What, did he look like Jamie Farr? I think he was
Greek. 'm sure he was just another Mediterranean-
looking freak to you." Eagle decided that silence was
the better part of valor.

As the two Garou-reached the door,.Mamatas
lurched into their path again, waving a tattered and
coverless book in his left hand. "Before you go," he
explained to them breathlessly, "I have starry wisdom
that I must pass along to you." Eagle stopped -— he
couldn't well go down the steps and off the porch with
the drunk in his way —- and waited for the old man to
convey his wisdom. The vagrant spoke, couching his
words in a conspiratorial tone: "‘Autobiographical'
means ‘homosexual'! Watch your back!" ;

And with that, half a dozen dark shapes leapt from
the bushes beside the two Garou.

Eagle slid into his war-form ‘without a second's
thought, instinct immediately taking over:

In slow motion, Eagle saw Owlbite's eyebrows rise
and his mouth shift into an "Oh..." as Mamatas
shrieked, stumbled down the stairs, and ran for his life.

The-young Ahroun didn't pause for long enough
to learn who these enemies were; they didn't flee from
the sight of him as -Crinos, and that was enough. He
lunged. forward and down one step, striking at one
man's chest with the butt of his palm and sending him
flying backwards into the street. Owlbite leapt over
the side of the porch and out of sight; Eagle paid him

no mind, knowing his packmate would run distraction'

against the enemy's rear.

Five, he knew, but had lost track of one. The others
— faces only half-visible, the leer of madmen all
around —~seemed hesitant, confused that they had lost
the advantage of surprise so quickly. Eagle made a grab
at one of them with both hands, but the freak nimbly
jumped out of his way as two others grabbed at Eagle.
One of those grabbed his left arm with both of its
skinny arms and bit down, clamping on for dear life.
Eagle bellowed angrily ——- it didn't hurt that much, he
distantly realized, it was just inconvenient ——.and
reached to claw the freak's innards out with histaloned
right hand. The. creature kicked off the pavement,
hanging on his arm for~dear life and keeping his
midsection just out of Eagle's reach. Adding to the
chaos, the one man —— man?—— he'd lost track of took

the opportunity to stab himi in the left kidney. He
bellowed again, and lost the world in ared haze of fury.

When the haze cleared, Eagle was in Homid form,
on the sidewalk a-few blocks from the apartment
building. Owlbite stood on the balls of his feet in front
of him, ready to take a bounce backward. The Uktena
looked considerably worse rhan he'd looked the last
time Eagle saw him ~~ his clothes were bloodied and
torn, and one of the handcrafted necklaces Owlbite
usually wore was gone. His mouth opened and closed
spastically, and Eagle couldn't figure out why fora long
moment he didn't see any food in there.

The pounding of his heartbeat began to fade, and
the sound of Owlbire's words synced up-with the
motion of his mouth: "..:down, big guy, it's okay,
they're gone, we drove ‘erm off, it's okay, Eagle, it's your
buddy Owlbite, no need to hit me again, Eagle, can you
understa——" :

Eagle nodded. "I'm okay: I'm okay," he repeated,
shaking his head toclear it.""‘What'd I miss, or, ah,do?"
Owlbite tapped at his own right ear with a single finger
in response:

"No time to discuss: Sirens. We gotta go. Water-
front."

Eagle sighed tiredly and nodded -—- not in-agree-
ment, but in acknowledgement of his friend's state-
ment. As his frenzy ended, the fatigue of the fight, and
the aches and pains of half a dozen new flesh wounds
on -top of the sore spots from the other fight that day all
got their fingertips onto him. He bent over and put his
hands on his knees to catch his breath. "Owlbire; I
don't have a lot more in me."

Owlbite's ligaments unknit and reknit themselves
as he changed back into his wolf's shape: The Uktena
padded forward such that he could look up into Eagle's
eyes.. He spoke in. the mother's tongue, the ancient
half-growl speech of the Garou: At least you aren't
giving birth: Come. The Uktena turned and padded
away, tail in-the air.

"T really hate you, y'know," Eagle told his friend.
Ow lbite paid him no mind, and Eagle shifted back into
his wolfs form and followed his nose toward the
riverfront.

oe #8 @

The Maumee River caught fire every few years;
decades of industrial waste poured from Toledo and
its vassal Communities into the waterway unproc-
essed and gurgled from there right into Lake Erie.
Every mew state administration swore it would do
something about the filth, and ended upinthe pocket
of the same corporations that had owned the previous
administration. Thinking too long om this sort of

Legends of the Garou Jest Another Good Stop 9


thing, Eagle knew, would lead to Harano,'so he tried
toquash the thoughts as they loped toward the river.
The distant metallic tang certainly smelled like fifty
years of pollutants.

Eagle whuffed in the Garou language: Sornetimes I
almost understand, when the Red Talons want to burn all
the scabs.

Owlbite replied noncommittally; Eagle got the
impression from the way the Uktena carried his head
and tail that his friend wasn't up for a conversation on
the topic. He dropped it.

They reached the river within about twenty min-
utes; that oxidizing smell Eagle had noticed earlier
only got stronger as they approached. They stopped
near a jetty, the concrete of a city road. plunging
straight into the water. "As if boaters would want to
buoy themselves on that shit," Owlbite said after
emerging into homid form. Eagle didn't change shape;
he didn't hear any humans around, but the area didn't
feel safe to him: "Give a how] of introduction, see if you
can get their attention," Owlbite suggested. "If they're
still around," he added after a pause.

Eagle took a breath, thinking that tmost of the
Glass Walkers he knew didn't bother with an actual
Howl of Introduction; that's what cell phones were for.
Before he could either howl or protest, though,.he
heard a second howl. It was a distant wail, carried on
the wind from the outskirts of down: Danger. Sisters
need aid. Urgent. Wyrm-servants .

"Shit," Owlbite said, echoing Eagle's own feeling
on the matter.

Every Wyrm-thing in town will hear Watcher's cry for
aid, he whuffed. Owlbite nodded. Eagle got to his feet,
though he didn't feel safe enough to slip all the way
into his homid form. He got most of the way there, into
the Glabro form that Owlbite always called "Chaney."
"One of us needs to get to them. The other one has
to" Another howl, much closer, in response:

Rush Hour comes:

Eagle finished: "The other one has to make sure
that whoever comes from around here has a midwife,
or at least a Theurge: You-go: I'll find the locals. Go
fast. Carjack somebody if you have to." Owlbite smiled
ruefully, and muttered admiration for the suggestion as
he ran off. Eagle shifted into his secondary war-form —
the dire wolf —— as fear-goaded adrenaline pushed his
aches and pains aside for a second time. He howled to
announce his presence for asecond time in the evening,
in the hopes that these Rush Hour Garou would notice
and come to him before running off. Then he loped
down toward the water's edge and started to jogupriver,
in the direction of the earlier howls.

Before five minutes had passed, a series of call-
and-respond howls and barks had led Eagle and this
other pack close to one another. It was like playing
Marco Polo, Eagle thought to himself. They first saw
one another from opposite corners of an émpty parking
lot; the attendant's booth was empty and locked, and
a chain blocked the entry to the lot. The whole scene
was lit by an unwavering single light from the only
working streetlamp on the block. Eagle counted five
across the way from him: all wore human form. All
male, too. Eagle remembered with a flash of panic that
neither Owlbite nor Peregrine —- who could easily
smell rhe taint of the Wyrm on others -—— were around.
He shifted up to his war-form, and fumbled around at
a few of the fetishes that Owlbite had made for him.
Just in case.

The others were watching, waiting. It was hard to
see facial details fromm here the two he could see
clearly had darker skin than he did, maybe Asian or
Native American. One of those two had a number of
feathered trinkets on hand —— a Theurge, Eagle guessed.
Behind them were and three scruffy looking guys who
looked like they'd slept on the street until just a few
minutes ago. Bone Gnawers.

Eagle cleared his throat and half-growled,. half-
spoke. "I am Armored Eagle, Glass Walker of the
Mystic Raptors. My alpha is badly injured, on the
outskirts of your city. I fear she might be under attack
right now. 1 know you probably heard her howl. I need
to get to her, quickly, but 1 need a healer." There was
as yet no reaction from the pack. "A midwife, if you
have one." The eyebrows of the Asian man out front
rose, and he took a step forward. The others' reactions
suggested to Eagle that he was the pack's alpha.

"Lam Astram," he said in acalm and level voice ——~
barely audible across the parking lot —- "and this is my
pack, Rush Hour.Do you have acar, or did you just jog
halfway across town?" Eagle blushed slightly, then
tried to put a stérn look on his face.

"We naturally assumed that our packmatre would
be safer in the shelter of the car, outside of the city. We
seem to have been mistaken. We — rhat is, ] —— came
on foot." Astram looked skeptical; two of the Bone
Gnawers —— were they Bone Gnawers? —~ whispered
back and forth to one another.

"So, are you alone, or did you: come with someone
else?" :

Eagle tried to contain his frustration — he didn't
need his hackles to rise, or show other signs of rage in
front of these strangers. They didn't have time for this.
Peri was in trouble. But if these Garou were thralls of
the Wyrm, he couldn't very well confess to being
alone; he'd be killed. He séttled on a safe lie:

10 Book of the City


"My packmate is watching froma distance: He can
get to my alpha rapidly, on his own, but he lacks the
medical skills we need. We do not have a lot of time.
If you can help me, I humbly ask that you do so now.
If you can't," he swallowed nervously, "then I need to
leave tight now."

Astram turned to rhe Theurge and quietly asked a
question of him. The Theurge shook his head, mur-
muring "...he looks fine." The alpha seemed satisfied
by this, and waved for Eagle to come forward.

"Stormecrow says you're not a Wyrm-thrall. Come
on. Wehaveacarright around the corner. Nosewhistler
here," Astram gestured to one of the Bone Gnawers,a
short man with a scarred nose and a threadbare Super-
man T-shirt, "can heal your friend when we get there."

Eagle wasn't'entirely comfortable with this, but,
he told himself, with their general appearance, atti-
tude, and the names like they had —— rather than, say,
Skull-raper or Uthulhakya —~ they were probably all
right. It wasn't as though he had a choice. He crossed
the parking lot, shifting down into human form as he
did so. Astram-extended a hand in welcome; Eagle
took it, shook it, and then the six of them rounded the
corner to the car.

-— 2.

Only four made the trip across town — Astrami
sent the other two Bone Gnawers back to the Caern to
let the others in the Sept know what was going on.
Stormcrow, Astram, and Nosewhistler were remark-
ably close-mouthed about Toledo's Caern, the Sept
surrounding it, other packs, and dominant tribes in the
area. Thus it was a quiet ride across town, as well asa
fairly short one. Astram knew where they were headed
from Eagle's description alone.

The quiet parking lot of the run-down fast-food
joint looked like the floor ofa slaughterhouse, éven from
a distance. A dozen or more creatures —— half-human,
fomori like those that had ambushed Eagle and Owlbite
at the apartment building — lay scattered, . bloody
corpses and fleshy chunks on the concrete. The van's
side was spattered with blood and gore, and it had a few
new tents in it to boot; the door was half-open, and
Watcher's bloody labrys was propped handle-up against
it. Eagle was out of Astram's Mercedes before it came to
a complete stop, and he heard screaming from within
the van as soon as he opéned his door.

The wail was unmistakably that of an infant,
Eagle thought as he crossed the blood-slicked con-
crete, but he didn't know the source of the second
until he opened the door and saw Watcher and
Peregrine within.Peregrine was on her back on the
bench seat; feet toward the door. Watcher was perched

near Peregrine's midsection; and had a bloody infant
cradled in her left arm. The other hand on Peregrine's
abdomen. There was a.deep, ragged slice across
Peregrine's midsection, and blood steadily pumped
from it. Watcher wept, silently, rocking the child as
best she could. When Eagle opened the door, Watcher
didn't even look up.

"Shetried to get into the fight," Watcher said, "she
didn't even realize she was pregnant..I killed all of
them, Eagle, but she went into labor. She -— she — I
had to take the baby out of her." Eagle looked at
Wartcher's right hand, then, realizing the source of
Peregrine's ragged wound.

Wosewhistler,.Astram, and Stormcrow bounded
up behind them. Nosewhistlet didn't say a word, just
stepped into the van. He whistled with surprise when
he saw Peregrine. Astram had clearly overheard the
conversation, though. |

"I know y6u're yourig, but we have hospitals in
town. Several. An obstetrician isn't going to turn your
alpha away when she's in this much danger, no matter
who she is..Didn't you say you were a Glass Walker?"
He turned toward Nosewhistler. "Nosey, is she...?"

Nosewhistler had -placed both his hands on
Peregrine's abdomen, and was murmuring an invoca-
tion to Gaia as Astram spoke. Eagle stepped back, out
of the way and onto the parking lot.. The Bone
Gnawer looked up from his ministrations, surprising
Eagle with a southerner's drawl. "I think she' 11 be fine,
but you're gonna wanna get her to a hospital soon as
y'can. Or at least a birthing center. We don't have the
facilities to-care for somethin' like this at the sept.
And besides, someone's gonna. wanna see to that
little girl y'got there."

Stormcrow leaned fotward and spoke loudly, a
bornbastic tone in his voice. "And we'll want to ask the
spirits as to the girl's true nature. Good that she isn't
metis, at least."

Astram backed away from the van, stepping some-
what gingerly over the gore around the vehicle. He
handed Eagle a business card. "My cell number's on
there. Call us when you're settled in. We will have a
place for you to recover. I didn't want to say'so earlier,
but you obviously need some recuperation yourself."
Eagle took the card wordlessly, and nodded thanks.
Weight began to lift from his shoulders. Astram gave
him directions to the nearest hospital with a promise
that it was safe for Garou and Kinfolk alike:

As Astram finished, a rusted compact car with a
pitted muffler rambled its way into the parking lot.
Owlbite. Eagle smiled, for the first time in hours.

Legends of the Garou: Just Another Good Stop


Zaunee ‘
AanE J i |
ie =e A |
ce pesua TTT TUALETUNT! / }
/ :
22 a > /

| oO
ret HH oo eeark' CUT L
saps (vem 2 PO use
: any [palleunn —r Clas 300

Dae Pel, |]
4 ole? ze | = . Nyy ye ate , ZF

ey th i a NY yj \ ee !

Jess =<ICAS

ES \ - ;

= GRAB. So |
‘Se a aad "se Ma
; ne & i
MT Fi
PAN ; _ .
< id \~ . p< Ny 5 4 Lin 4
Wy ye A, yf Was

New York makes one think of the collapse of civiliza-
tion; about Sodom and Gomorrah; the end of the world.
The end wouldn't come as a surprise here. Many people
walready bank on it.

— Saul Bellow, Mr. Sammler's Planet

Kevin asked the Garou, "What is a city?" and lam glad. May the cubs leave thé cities sodmas the
The Garou answered. humans' smoking wheel-thi i
Popping Trees of the Uktena said: The cities are Solomon McKarki anna said: The City

scabs on the Mother's body ma ry the parasite Man is a snare where the patte gns and streets traps
whom the Wyrm infects. W enter them at times, souls and. kills the eaver's webs have
but should no ple they destroy to snared, but not sla on't think that the
make more : many humans wil : edsure there,

or that Garou ¢a they can. But they

are no longer Gar

call "friends." How
they can walk or run Of
subways and t them, can climb only
at only what humans'
ked and packed into

nd Great Stag in any

we now dwell. Much
packmates died ther
spider-things, and on
wounded to travel fur

I heard that our aia praise them, find lost
cubs in cities, human and wolf Kin working together,

slay, for she was too machines

Luntroduetion: City Limits 13

ne LP TT LD ATI

|
|

4

To the Garou whom the sriare has trapped: Come
free! It is no great difficulty to burn your necktie and
cut up your plastic slave-cards. Fire will warm you and
game feed you. The War of the Apocalypse rages
outside your gated residential communities. You are
Gaia's warriors, not accountants and advertising ex-
ecutives and store managers and retails salespersons.
Your Kin? Bring them with you as was always so before.
They will thrive under our protection: no date rape or
heroin pushers or car crashes for the honored children
and parents of the People.

Doggie K of the Bone
the city ain' a trap for ¥:
Th' Weaver made i
th' Wyrm can' get o

awers said: No, homes,

pack, and we know the'e: '
Like the wilderness. And that
alive in our hearts.

You? You gotta see how you can be wild, I can' tell
you how. You gotta feel how t' be wild. It's alive inside
you, alive inside anyone, wolfy, human, whatever, that
gets to openin' up and feelin' it. Like the guy on' TV
says, follow yo' bliss. Then yo' see rhe city fulla shit, but
it's our home, the Gnawer's home. And, if you know it,
it's not so bad.

Longtooth of the Get of Penn
a battlefield, and most humat
Either

city is
#isoners of war.
ccessful, so pam-
ake their own fire or
ing" —— facing

d that is our task. We
where they are their

Wyrm, in the hope that the respite we grant their
victims will be enough for them to regain some of what
they've lost... We fight because it is our task, and
because the world Herself hangs in the balance. And
we fight in the city because it is an easy thing to find our
foes there. With so many humans crammed up along-
side each other, learning to resent one another, it's a
feast for Banes. Go into the city, into the shadow ofa
housing project or an office complex or a whorehouse,

14 Book of the City

and step sideways. Then try to swing a hatnmer with-
out hitting one of the Enemy's children.

John Oldway of the Wendigo said: Where the
hutans live together in great stone houses, these
places are a sickness. Just as sickness-spirits live and
breed by using beasts and. humans to make more
sickness, more,ef.themselves, so the scabs use humans

Ehey feed on humans, and as
pes any it touches, so scabs

blacktop that the rivers overflow because rain cannot
soak into Gaia's body. I have seen the snail darter and
the Eskimo curlew die, never to return. I have wept
where the last passenger pigeon died, all of them dead,
not for human evil, but the evil of the city makers, the
wasitchu. The First Nations never defiled the land
with such foulness and never will.

Can anyone, Garou, Kin or human, cure the city?
Ido not know.

Mephi Faster-than-Death of the Silent Striders
offered: A city is an obstacle course. It's sixty different
kinds of walls and barriers, all piled one on top of the
other. It's.a labyrinth filled with Minotaurs of all
sha es. and sizes. Yeah; I know what you're thinking,
m running

they belonged in the world. It's there to keep the Wyid
well away from people, and it's there to keep us away
from the Weaver's vulnerable spots, so we don't try
anything crazy like healing her.
A city is a pain in the ass..Bu
Hotclaw of the Red Talons
apurpose. It'sahuman nest. I'
great as a hill, home to 1
breed, and so was Cold

call Capetown. No w

vse than wheré a
lays all waste for

They're


hunting and breeding ground — look at the pseudo-
Garou, the Warders of Apes, who are losing the wolf
with each generation.

I don't argue for killing all humans, only the
offenders against the Mother, and humans are half of
the other Garou tribes. Why kill the Kin of kin? Some
humans are not evil; they aid Garou and Kin. These are
the ones we want in the wild, keeping it alive.

What is the worth of cities? Oh, they have worth,
don't deny that... They keep humans in one place. I
don't mind that one bit. And two-legs like living in
them, near them... They are indeed traps, but for
humans. The more humans poison themselves in their
hives, and leave us alone, the happier I will be.

It won't be so simple, of course.

Susan Anthony of ck Furies said: The
city is humanity, spread m the world's largest
dissecting table for anyo; has ascalpel to exam-
ine it for themsel humans do, from
their noblest saci icious cruelties,
is magnified here. The city
is crime and thumans are.
The city is potlucks be-
cause that' $4

the ci very
mour very
libra:

Whar do you sim
actoss it from hotrizo
crete and glass. You s
the cracks, all garbag
of Gaia,.all sweat a
water. And all that se
A. city is the largest

Ul plastic and con-
ithe Wyrm seeping up from
shit. You even smell arouch
ex and flowers and running
you smell — that's humanity.
onument humans ever built to
themselves, and they can't stop building those monu-
ments, because they're proud.

And Pll tell you this: Whatever you find in the
city; that's something you looked for. If all you find is
hatred and violence and apathy, that's all you were
looking to find..And it's the sarne way with humans.

Antony Wall-Opener of the Shadow Lords said:
The city is a huge living thing like a coral reef or a
wetland, ‘and it's as full of spirit as any of these, or as
yourself. You don't need to believe this: only see how
the patterns of humans, energy, buildings, streets, spell
out life, how things are alive and how they relate to
each other. Look at where cities grow on the Mother's
body, like salt marshes grow where the sea meets the
land, like alpine meadows grow where it's too high and
cold for trees.

It's not evil that humans disturb the universe. Is it
évil when a forest burns? And then grows back thicker?

ing" fires
explosions

Sspecies live in
It's nor'wrong

of organi
lawn th: 1
sheltered frém. damage, from change.'Because Change
is one of the Mother's faces, one way She has to exist.
Change is Gaia.

And cities are alive too. Don't think a waterwheel
or a frigate or a sewer systern is alive? But you can see
the Wyrm-essence ina nuke plant or a toxic waste
dump! Why not look for the Weaver-power, even the
Wyld's power, in a city's spirit?

Cities live,sometimes die. They're born, andevery
one is a community of spirits: Cities grow where the
flow. of transportation -pauses, like animals resting
betweert marches, like the communities that grow
round breathing holes in the polar ice or waterholes on
the savanna. ‘

Soldier-of-P:
emails: I'm just
are you asking
powerful ones,
chines, cars ank

atool to show off and take you to Gork or the club. the
city's just a lot of tools together till it isan environ-
ment. That's a puzzle; kind of. You make tools to make
life easier, then tools become: your life, everything
that's around you. What then? Humans use three-
fifths of all Gaia's life. Soon it will be more. What when
it's nine tenths? Ninety-nine out of a hundred? How
can anything survive when that happens?

I don't know

Entroduction: City Limits 15

— NS

everything that cannot be made to offer them alle-
giance, and so they build shells to protect themselves.
They take smaller shells with them even when they
leave the protection of the city, but the city is the
largest wall they can place between themselves and the
world, and it always has been.

But they are not so clever builders as they think.
Their shells are imperfect, and little bits of the world
creep in. Their shells stifle them and make them sick,
cut off from the fresh air and clean water that they fear
so badly. But worst of all, they have built shells so large
that their greatest enemy, their greatest creation, is
trapped within the cities with them. They keep us out,
and they keep the Wyrm in. They have brought a
horrible doom on themselves, and none of us can say
whether or not we can help them in time —— or whether
we should.

Mariko Ten of t
City is a thing of i
ultimately evolved a
the home of the o
change of the work
We mourn each sp
doesn't; conservatia

intelligent beings, and
m. survive .the
Ihe Wyld dies.
passes, but the Wyld
on of Weaver-thought,
sand refuges
doned them..If the
y to stave off the Wyrm,
have been half

Weaver's tools are t
we must use them.

not wild animals:
and ahead of the
with its people, i

me one with the city,
e.city.has wolves just
buildings and spirits.
ew weapons and new
ok, sages, at the wis-

language-s
tales that
lves, and Garou:

The city is an ambiguous thing to Garou. On the
one paw, it's a Weaver-built place full of W/yrm-rot,
domain .of the vampires, and home to huge, huge
numbers of humans. Many Garou cannot abide the
noise, stink and crowding of cites, regardless of their
tribal or personal background. Even homids raised in
suburbs or urban neighborhoods may shy from cities
when their improved Garou senses make them too
aware of the city's nastiness.

On the other paw, the city is a complex place
and its very complexity draws all tribes of Garou,
even the Red Talons, for many reasons. Some come

16 Book of the City

OLE Le Ts ST i YT A

to hunt, someto seek power, some to enjoy them-
selves, some to understand what cities are and why.
Fortwo tribes of the Nation, it is home. The Gnaw-
ers often cannot leave for financial and social rea-
sons, while the Glass Walkers could never be per-
suaded to live elsewhere.. Numerous other Garou
(especially the Children of Gaia) and a majority of
the Nation's Kinfolk dwell in cities, suburbs orsmall
towns. (While Kinfolk even fifty years ago lived
mostly in rural areas, this has changed. For one
thing, making a living from farming is not practical
anymore; even many Native American groups now
have a majority of their population in urban areas).
Therefore, city and town life is going to be central to
many Garou, even if they don't want it to be.

So the city,or more precisely the City, is going to
be a part of almost any Werewolf chronicle. The
quéstion is how.

4arger J jar LYE

The- first thing to remember about the urban
environment in the World of Darkness is that it's
considerably less than mundane. Things happen here.
While it's easy for some folks to sit at home watching
the evening news and feel a safe distance from the city
sprawling out around them — a safe disconnection, as
it were —— that feeling of safety is an illusion. Only the
most topical crimes make it into the papers — = hun-
dreds more-go unreported, their victims voiceless.
There are layers upon layers: of threats, from the
entirely mortal street gang making a home invasion to
the wholly spiritual Banes and Weaver-spirits vying to
dominate the hearts and minds of the locals. Sure,
most people catch a bus downtown,.work an eight-
hour day plus overtime, then head home without
anything bad happening to them on any given day. But
that doesn't mean Garou are going to be so safe.

But the cities of the World of Darkness aren't
memorable solely for their inflated crime rates and
high monster populations. Things are just plaim worse
overall — subtly so, in most cases, but it all adds up.
The faint haze of brown smog that hangs over the
downtown area even in the brightest days —it's justa
touch darker. The potholes are just a touch. more
common, and the road crews that patch them up just
a touch more incompetent. Blackouts happen just a
touch more frequently, as do fires and traffic accidents:
Hiring practices are justa touch more bigoted, and jobs
just a touch less well-paying. Malls are just a touch
more crowded, cashiers just a touch ruder, police
officers just a touch less syrmpathetic. Traffic jams last
just a touch longer, asthma attacks induced by pollu-
tion are just a touch more severe, and hospitals are just

|


an

atouch more crowded (and their losses due to malprac-
tice or simple bad luck are just a touch higher).

But it all adds up.

That's the real catch to the World of Darkness ——
not that it's worse than the world we live in (although
it is), but that if we happened -to visit the place
ourselves; we'd be hard-pressed to tell the difference
unless we were looking really hard. Perhaps the only
place where the difference would be truly obvious
would be the cities, where there are simply so many
things that there are so many things that are worse.
Even then, we might not notice for a while.

The Garou,.on -the-other hand, notice... They
notice that the little details add up to some very
unfriendly sums; the more things that go poorly in a
city, the stronger the Enemy gets. It's a steady progres-
sion, and one that isn't going anywhere pleasant. It
may be by only an infinitesimal amount.each time; a
single carjacking doesn't promote a Bane Jaggling to
Incarna, and a minor blackout will snap only one or
two threads of the Web, not even enough to free the
Wyrm's smallest toenail:

But it all-adds up.

P tor xo Che G fit C0088

On the surface, one might wonder why a Book of
the City is really necessary at all. After all, most
Werewolf players either live in cities or visit them on
aregular basis, and are pretty familiar with how urban
life works. It's not like the Umbra or the Garou Nation
— aspects of the World of Darkness that just don't
exist in our world,-and can't be studied in person. At
least, not at first glance.

But in. the world of Werewolf, where a'very real
spirit world hangs invisible on the other side of a mirror
and conspiracies of supernatural beings lie hidden
among human society, a city isn't as mundane as it
might seem. The world that humans read about in the
morning paper or watch on the six 0' clock news is only
a-small portion of the World of Darkness, and this is
doubly true in the urban environment. Werewolves in
particular are readily able to perceive a city that has
never been documented in human sources —~ the spirit
city, the urban Penumbra. The physical world is only
half of the equation.

Tnrtroduction: City Limits 17

a LE NE

panes APO

Not that the physical world isn't without its
own dangers, of course. Even werewolves who visit
the city only on surgical strikes have to be excep-
tionally ‘careful about not endangering the Veil
while they're there. There are plenty of rural back
roads and patches of forest where a person can run
for halfa mile in wolf form without causing a stir; it's
much harder to travel in Lupus for as much as a
block in the heart ofacity. People report "wild dogs"
to animal control, and it's harder to find a place to
refresh Gnosis. But perhaps worst of all are the
crowds —— with so many people jostling in and out of
a werewolf's personal space, so many cars and noises
and stenches, any Garou with a hair trigger is going
to go off sooner or later. The city is no place to
succumb to one's Rage, but it isn't easy finding an
environment where it's harder to maintain control.

Book of the City is designed to help players and
Storytellers get a better feel for the city not as it would
appear to the ordinary person, but as it would appear to
Garou. Rather than focus on elements of urban. life
that are already obvious, this book takes a look at cities
from the animistic perspective, exploring what they
are, the effects they have on the spirit world, and the
dangers they pose to the Garou. It's our hope that with
this book in hand, players and Storytellers alike will be
filled with new ideas for urban stories and chronicles.

Legends of the Garou: Just Another Good Stop
shows what happens when a pack used to rural and
wilderness life is forced by necessity to enter the city,
and the troubles and opportunities they find there.

Chapter One: Writing on the Wall begins the
book proper with a look at the cosmology of cities in
the world of Werewolf —— how they began, how they
have developed in the spirit world, and what sort of
greater purpose they might play in the vast struggle
between Gaia and the Triat. This chapter focuses less
on the hard facts of urban animism, and more on the
potential spiritual aspects of the city, each one a
potential direction fora Storyteller to take achronicle.

Chapter Two: .The .Grind presents the nitty-
gritty details of potential threats Garou may have to
face in the city, from mundane dangers like the media
and animal control to supernatural threats that are
unlike any to be found in the wilderness.

Chapter Three: The Neon Web goes into greater
derail about the actual urban Umbra — its layout, its
denizens,.and what Garou might expect from the
place. Also included are several handy tips for survival
in the Scabs that no pack should be without.

Chapter Four: Urban Legends is devoted to the
Storyteller, providing advice on how to select, modify

18 Book of the City

LEE Le Es LT ET LT

and elaborate on the urban setting, whether for ashort
story or an extended chronicle.

Finally, the Appendix: Riot Gear features a col-
lection of Gifts, rites, totems, fetishes and other re-
sources aimed at helping Garou survive the urban
jungle — or helping their enemies make life even more
difficult for them.

SCC LE

Although you don't really need anything but the
Werewolf main rulebook to run an urban chronicle,
there are plenty of other sourcebooks that can help add
some meat to your stories. For Werewolf, Book of the
Weaver and Umbra provide additional assistance with

the spirit aspect of the city, while Ratkin and Ananasi

can provide some antagonists with a decidedly urban
feel. The various citybooks for Vampire (such as New
York by Night), while very Vampire-centric, do offer
a certain amount-of structural information on city
chronicles (and, of course, more antagonists). We
reference plenty of other White Wolf books through-
out the course of Book: of the City, but don't be
intimidated; you don't need them. They just have
extra stuff that you can use, not that you must use.
Obviously, there's plenty of television and movies
dedicated to stories of various cities..For the purposes
of the World of Darkness, you probably want to avoid

the loving odes (like Woody Allen movies). and go

more for the gritty dramas —~ New Jack City is more
appropriate than Manhattan Murder Mystery, at least
from a Werewolf perspective. Fritz Lang's Metropolis is
really a must-see; the mood matches the Umbrascape
of the urban World of Darkness very nicely.

In the same vein, Law and Order, NYPD Blue or
The Sopranos are likely to be far more helpful than ER,
which is in turn head arid shoulders above pretty much
any city-based sitcom ever.

On the fiction side of things, there are city-based
rievels and short stories to fit any taste, from moir to
high-tech espionage and crime novels. Just pick sa
section of library and look around; enough writers
have tackled the topic of how to depict the texture of
a city that you'll find something useful. Urban. fanta-
sies like Neil Gaiman's Neverwhere and China Mieville's
King Rat can provide particular ideas for various super-
natural influences, be they unusual spirits, totems, or
even something entirely different.

Even comic books have something to offer. Grant
Mortrison's The Invisibles hits heavily on the themes of
urban shamanism; sacred geometries and other emi-
nently usable topics. Warren Ellis' Transmetropolitan is
satirical, but full of ideas. Alan' Moore and. Eddie


Campbell's From Hell is primarily a Jack the Ripper
story, but also delves into the mystic geography of
London in.a way that's sure to promote ideas. (The
movie adaptation is fine, but considerably less detailed
for our purposes.) Will Eisner's Dropsie Avenue docu-
ments the rise and fall of a neighborhood, from rural
lane to crumbling tenements —~ perfect background
flavor for a city in the World of Darkness.

PEPER EF

City homepages of all sorts are going to give you
the brightest side of the city in question; after all,
tourism is big business, and they don't want to scare
away a visitor's dollars. However, although not ideal
for plot hooks. to drive a story, they can prove very
useful for backdrops to set a scene. Have the pack meer

ee ne rs ane een EE Se ee

an ally or contract at one of the recommended restaii-
rants, or at a park or other landmark. Use the schedule
of festivals or other activities to play up the dynamic
nature ofthe city. Background coloraddsa lot toastory
with relatively little work, and a city's homepage can
lighten the load further.

Urban Legends Reference Pages. (http://
www.snopes.com/) ~—— This extensive website
chronicles, categorizes, and debunks scores if hot hun-
dreds of urban legends. While the urban legends them-
selves are 90% bunk, tales of mysterious strangers and
random chemicals introduced into everyday products
make fantastic inspiration for urban Werewolf stories.
And frankly, in the World of Darkness, wouldn't it be
more interesting if many were true?

Latroduction: City Limits 19

a ST ET

4

*

"

TTI LAA.
METITIT TC

4
4

Q)
« Sane
"eam

<


"Our world is sick, boy. Very sick. A virus got in
along time ago and we've got so used toits effects we' ve
forgotten what it was like before we became ill. I'm
talking about cities, see?"

— Grant Morrison; The Invisibles

hia Ayton

Everything in the world of Werewolf has the
potential to be reflected in the spirit world. There
are animal-spirits to counter animals, plant-spirits
to echo plants, and even Penumbral reflections of
important structures or objects. A-mountain in the
physical world will have an Umbral counterpart
just on the other side of the mirror..Of course the
same is true of cities.

But cities aren't mountains, or ariimals, or plants
+— they're something very different. And they seem
to play by different rules rhan the rest of the world.
Giant heaps of Umbral webbing stretch across the

Chapter One: Writing on the Walt

LL SS

terrain, but only a few buildings or landmarks actu-
ally appear in the Penumbra with any identity of
their own. The Weaver is ‘strong throughout the
Penumbral city, but sotroo isthe Wyrm -—— and even
the Wyld has its own strongpoints in the heart of
the greatest cities.. The spirit reflection of a city is
the most dramatic section of the Penumbra to be
found -——/and yet it's unlike anything seem in the
Penumbra before the Industrial Revolution. The
city is a strange tangle of spiritual contradictions, a
morass of concepts both Gaian and alien.
Why? How did it come to be this way?

|

The Cearoy Fipp te

The Garou are notorious for disliking the urban
environment; they even call those of their own who
live there "urrah," a term that also means "tainted
ones." The. stereotype is~that they're primitives,
hairy Luddites who don't understand technology
and therefore consider it evil. Anything manmade
is "unnatural" to them, and therefore cities are the
most unnatural things you.can find (being the
largest concentrations of manmade things). Like
most gross oversimplifications, this stereotype falls
short of the truth.

Most werewolves, even Glass Walkers and Bone
Gnawers, can't help feeling at least somewhat un-
comfortable in-the urban environment. The same
holds true for most shapeshifters. Their animal
senses revolt against the noise and stink; their Rage
bubbles to the surface every time someone invades
their personal space. The urrah have learned to deal
with these problems somewhat better than. their
wilder cousins have, but it's still difficult for any
Glass Walker who hasn't lost the wolf to ride in a
crowded: elevator or deal with rush hour traffic
without breaking a sweat (or something or someone
else). The press of humanity just doesn't feel right
to a shapeshifter, any more than. it would to a wild
animal; the pheromones alone are enough to drive
one crazy. Add to this the fact that the spirits of the
Weaver and Wyrm flourish in cities, and you begin
to see why the werewolf dislike of urban areas is
somewhat more than simple technoshock.

The Garou are prone tocalling cities "scabs," of
course... The. default connotation is that a scab is
something that erupts over a wound ——-ugly, scar-
ring, and a sign that something is wrong. The Earth
is wounded in the places where cities form, slashed
open and built over by slabs of metal and concrete
and glass. Some Garou take the more optimistic
outlook, however; they point out that a scab is a
self-forming bandage, an ugly device that will peel
away when the wound is healed.. The cities are
places where art and culture and learning can flour-
ish, and once humans have learned to live more
peaceably with one another, the cities can peel
away in turn, the humans no longer needing them
so drastically. The analogy is not a popular one,
however; after all, the cities show no sign of peeling
away and revealing a healed land in the immediate
future, and the immediate future may be the only
future left.

22 Book of fhe City

OLE Le LT ET LS

To some' modern Theutrges; the city is "the
Snare." The term seetms to have arisen not as-a
reference to atrap laid for the Garou —~ after all, the
bait is largely unappealing, -at least to most of the
tribes. Rather, the tangled méss of Weaver-webs
and Wyrm-spirits that spreads through the urban
Penumbra seems to be a spiritual echo of the origi-
nal smare that caught the .Wyrm..The struggles
between the Designer and the Corrupter reverber-
ate across the face of Gaia like ripples caused by
falling rain, and cities spring up in their wake, each
one a reflection of the battle that took the universe
out of balance. The analogy is more symbolic than
anything else —- but symbolism has a solidity all its
own in the spirit world.

The so-called urrah don't use such derogatory
terms quite as often, as one might expect. To the
average Glass Walker ot Bone Gnawer, the city is
simply the City;-almost the way one might say "the
President" or "the Pope." Each city is unique, but
they're all reflections cast by a single ideal, much in
the same way that all bear-spirits are reflections of
Great Bear. Oddly enough, while urban Garou are
remarkably territorial and defensive of the city they
live in, they don't tend to express their loyalty in
quite the same regional terms. The Bone Gnawers
of NYC's Sept of the Green never call themselves
"New Yorkers" -—— the city they live in isa vast spirit
entity, a-source of danger and opportunity, but it
doesn't define them. They don't belong to it, not
like humans seem to want to.

Bur each of these factions sees cities in' much
the same light —— as organic spirit entities, more
than simply a collection of individual territories. A
multitude of human writers have talked about cities
as living things with personalities of their own; the
Garou don't see that as a metaphor, but as a simple
fact. A city —- the City ——-is more than the sum of
its parts. Ir may be an enemy and anally at the same
time. But itis alive in a spiritual sense, and in many
ways more alive than any mountain or river stands
a chance of being.

And if cities are living, pseudo-sentient' spirit
entities in their own right what does that mean
for the world?

The Phittory of tle CZy

Any fool car read ahistory book ard call it faéts:
And sure, maybe they are factual. Never mind the
sheer number of revisionist historians that have quietly

|


Sac nner ea a a as A ee AS es

fUarntug: Clncerfatty Meigs

In all fairness, we should warn the reader
that this chapter is. going to be vague and
contradictory, for the most part — perhaps
frustratingly so for those who prefer the thought
that there is One Greater Truth to the World
of Darkness, revealed piece by piece with each
new supplement. Here we ask questions and
provide answers —~ but more answers than can
actually be true. This is deliberate.

This chapter explores the cosmological ex-
istence of the cities of the World of Darkness,
looking at them as something more than simple
settlement patterns or facts of human society.
But rather than actually lay out The Truth, here
we explore potential truths — possible secrets
of the workings of the World of Darkness that
may inspire a-few unusual twists in your
chronicles. Any one of these theories or poten-
tial spin-off directions is as valid as any other;
we'd rather that players and Storytellers read
this book and come away with a dozen brand-
new ideas just waiting to be fleshed out than
only one fully-formed idea that has to be ig-
nored or used as is. We would also rather present
enough options so that when a Storyteller de-
cides what the real truth about the spirit nature
of cities and civilization is, players can't sec-
ond-guess her by reading a supplement.

We apologize in advance to those readers
who find all this vague obfuscation irritating.
But we're going to do it anyway.

ignored the findings that undercut their-own personal
beliefs, or the idiots who mistook. propaganda for
accurate news reporting..Or the indccurate transla-
tions — like Cinderella in glass slippers .or Moses
parting the Red Sea. (The slipper was fur; and the sea
was "the reed sea," for those playing at home.) But
sure, you can find the latest theories about how things
"really were" in.a history -book, .and you can read
about the rise and fall of ernpires and all that crap to
your heart's content.

But that's only the half of the picture that the
humans are allowed to see.. And Galliards have access
to a different set of stories —~ ones that tell the other side.
"And our set of stories might be just as full of errors as the
humans' history, sure.

Then again, it might not..You-have to judge for
yourself.

The Pitt City

It all began with the Impergium. You see; way back
when,-our ancestors took a good long look at humanity
and saw that there was something nesting in humans,
something waiting to be born when the clever little apes
reached a certain point. Our ancestors didn't know
what that something was,-but they had a feeling it
couldn't be good. So they began the night-fear — the
killing of humans whenever they had a few too many
families huddled around their communal fires, or a few
too many tents in their settlements.

Somewhere along the line; though, the People got
soft... They thought -that whatever it was inside hu-
mans, it couldn't be so bad that it was worth the mass
murder. So they slacked off, and they let the humans
grow as much as they wanted, and they smacked
around any Garou or Fera who were still interested in
keeping this unborn-thing unborn. And avhen: the
humans were numerous enough, they gave birth to the
first cities —.and these citiés impregnated new settlers,
who went out and bore new cities in new lands. Some
of us thought it was all very exciting at the time, but
others started to worry.

Now look at where we are. Humans have created
millennia worth of art-and culture and all -kinds of
wonders. Most say they wé&nt-peace, although they
tend to act differently. But probably half the planet is
covered in cities, either full-grown, adolescent or even
children, and they' re all connected by roads and ferries
and electric communication: Wait long enough, and
some pregnant humans will give birth to cities on the
face of Luna herself. You tell me' —— should the killing
have stopped?

—~ Stephan Longknife; Silver Fang Galliard

Where the First City was, or what people called
it, is irrelevant to the Garou Nation. Archaeolo-
gists argue over names-like Catal Huyuk, Jericho
and Ur —— to the Garou, and to most shapeshifters
for that matter, the only title that matters is the
First City. It was the first place the humans built
after the Impergium,.and it was the Garou's first
glimpse at what humanity might someday become.

Nobody really knows what the Umbrascape was
like in the First City; the legends don't preserve an
accurate account, likely because the werewolves
who went there thought that all cities would be like
the First City, from that point until the end of time.
Some history-minded Garou argue that the First
City certainly didn't have a Ciry Father —— while
others say it had to, being the forefather of all cities
everywhere. A few Theurges and Galliards have

Chapter One: Writing on the Wall 23

<> a

|
|

SS

actually gone on deep Umbral quests to search out
the First City Father; none have yet met with any
success.

The First City is popularly held to have been
destroyed by outside forces, most likely angry
werewolves. Some legends hold that the First City
was offensive to Garou who saw an unwholesome
trend in the new Weaver-patterns forming. Others
say that the Wyrm crept imto the heart of the city,
and that the destruction was the first and last time
the Garou ever tore apart an entire city to root out
the Enemy's spawn. Whatever the reason, it wasn't
so horrible that the Garou prevented other cities
from arising later on. Perhaps the sentiment was
that humans would do a better job with the other
cities; perhaps the Garou had other affairs to attend
to at the time (as the end of the Impergium is
sometimes stated to coincide with the beginning of
the War of Rage). At any rate, the proverbial genie
was out of his bottle.

TBe New Cparny

There were no vampires in the world before there
were cities. There were things that hunted in the night,
yes; and there were things that drank blood. But they did
not wear human forms, and they were not corpses that
lived. The human race had to reach its first true mile-
stone before it could birth its first true monster.

The Silver Record tells the tale of the Bloody Man,
the would-be immortal who became slave to both
Weaver and Wyrm and accursed by both Gaia and
Helios. Our own tales say that the Bloody Man was
born to parents who lived within the walls of the First
City, and that it was only there that he could find
enough food to sate him. If he had been born in the
wilderness, perhaps he would have been a predator like
any other —~ but he grew fat on the blood of humans
because they were so easy to find in the City, and soon
he would drink the blood of no other animal. All his
children are the same; the Weaver is in them so
strongly that they cannot leave the city for long without
falling prey to the curses laid on their ancestor. The
good lands will not have them.

— Amy Hundred Voices, Uktena Galliard.

Were there vampires before there were cities?
The actual truth is unknown. Garou legend tends to
believe otherwise, but some facts are indubitably
lost along the generations of oral history. But no
matter their origin, vampires have always been
inexorably tied to the cities —- they are the only
places where they can hunt their favored prey and
hide among the herd.

Many Garou believe Leeches to be acreation of
mad Weaver and hateful Wyrm, a form of "life" with
the strength of both its parents but the eternal curse
of being severed from Gaia and despised by Helios.
But some Theurges theorize that vampires are a
specialized breed of fomor or other Wyrm-creature,
specially adapred to infiltrate the Weaver's own
strongholds. There, these Theurges say, the vam-
pires cam master the cities and in time reconfigure
them in order to cut the strands of the Web and free
their dark father. Younger vampires seem to have
no real knowledge of either Weaver or Wyrm, and
in fact are barred from entering the spirit world ~——
but if they are merely imperfect copies of their
elders, then the true vampire lords may indeed be
puppet masters playing the Weaver and its human
servants up until the point that they will reveal
their true allegiance.

It's something of a paranoid theory, true. But
it's no less plausible than any of the wild stories the
vampires have been known to put forth about their
own. origins.

Pie CF0904f CHOW

You should remember one thing about the City that
the Nation does not. Now, this is hard for us to
remember, to put together in our minds. But the City
has been avery minor part of human existence for all but
the last hundred and fifty years. The number of humans
who lived in tribes, in villages, in farmsteads, was
always much greater than the number who lived in huge
metropoli. "Rome" we call the empire the Leeches
sucked dry, millennia ago, but Rome was only six
hundred thousand people out of the Empire's seventy-
five million. Old Testament Jerusalern? Maybe five
thousand people, on five or ten acres of the Temple
Mount, that's all; the water supply simply allowed no
more. Yes, Athens was fifty thousand citizens, but
that's not that many humans.

The City has historically been small. The wild and
the half-wild of farm and pasture has been much more
powerful, and the Iron Riders, the Warders, the Glass
Walkers, the city-Garou, have been a very small and
weak tribe. That's just all there is to it. The first nation
in the world, ever, to have a majority of its population
living in urban areas was England at the turn of the
twentieth century. And that was possible only because
aworld Empire fed and clothed the British. Barely one
long Garou lifetime ago, the rural and the wild held the
majority of humans; the change has been so swift that
it's barely comprehensible. And what farm and pasture

24 Book of the City

OLE PE Le Ps ET AY A


is lefeis Chemically poisoned and Wyld-lost. No wonder
Phoenix's prophecy came when it did.

The Nation does not remember this becausé Garou,
rightly speaking; don't have history: We have legend,
tales, rumors, bad jokes, but not, among the warriors
of Gaia, a systernatic analysis of records -for the
purpose of showing change over time. We tell; we
don't, as a people, sift through what we tell for under-
standing: I'm a historian, but I'm also Kinfolk, not
Garou. Thank Gaia.

How can we use this reality, then? I wonder if the
Glass Walkers aren't right: the City is the new earth,
the new Gaia, and we must adapt to it as we adapted,
eons ago, to the Ice. I don'tknow. But know that the
dying, city-wracked Earth: of the prophecy isn't how
Gaia always was. And Um sure it isn't how She will
always be.

-— Dr. Steven Stirling, Children of Gaia Kinfolk

Humans did get better and better at building
cities, much to the chagrin of the Garou (and, to be
honesty many other Changing Breeds). As they did
so, they began giving the Weaver the first real boost
in influénce over the Penumbra.:The Weaver had
always been strong, of course —— she had managed to
bind the Wyrm according to most Garou legends,
after all. But now she had anew source of strength,
one that converted sections of the Penumbra over
to her domain. And what was particularly disturb-
ing to the Garou was that the Webs were now
appéaring with predictable regularity. A city could
coat a section of Penumbra with webbing far more
reliably than a batrlefield could open a Blight. Ir
was a troubling prospect, but even at their greatest,
a city could only reach so far. The deep woods and
valleys were still safe, and so the Garou held to their
promise not to reinstate the Impergium.

Somewhere along the line, though, the ‘city
took on a new aspect -— the stronghold of the
enemy. In the first small settlements, there wasn't
really anywhere to hide from the Garou: One
werewolf with the ability to scent out Wyrm-taint
could patrol an entire city on a regular basis, keep-
ing it mostly clear from intrusion. But once cities
reached a certain size —- probably once large and
crowded enough to discourage werewolves from
casually wandering through —— they offered new
hiding places for the servants of the Wyrm.

The Nile Valley was probably the place where
werewolves began their unending war against the
vampires. Here the cities had grown large enoughto
support multiple vampires, and the Leeches wasted

SS

no time in building up a power base. The. Silént
Striders were the first Garou to struggle against
vampires, and ultimately they lost, banished by a
titual of great power enacted by the vampiric high
priest of the Wyrm as Apophis. Soon afterward, the
other tribes would find themselves dragged into a
similar war, when they first clashed with the vam-
pires of Rome. "

Where cities grow, the Wyrm grows: There is no
exception; there never has been. In Europe, the Wyrm
lay in cities like Rome and Carthage, and drove kings to
make war on one another.In the Pure Lands, the city-
builders opened their arms to the Wyrm, and he greedily
ate the sacrifices they offered him...In..Asia, the
shapeshifters watched the humans build great civiliza-
tions on bricks mortared with blood and powdered bone.
Is there any land where the cities did not offer the Wyrm
shelter and food for himself and his children? No. There
is none..I canriot say why it is,.only that it is and it
always has been.

—~No-Joy, Uktena Theurge

Che Iadifriat metpitfrorn

There are no words for how the rise of the cities
caught us by surprise. You can't understand. For mil-
lennia, we'd been working and preparing for the Apoca-
lypse. We all knew the Signs by heart. But here, all of
a sudden, the world was changing so quickly that we
don't even remember when the Revolution started.
While we were still coming to grips with the new patterns
of civilization —— the new strength of the City — it all
exploded out from under us..The second Sign was upon
us before we'd really taken stock and realized that the
first Sign was coming to pass.

One hundred years...From the first Sign -of the
Prophecy of the Phoenix to the sixth in a hundred years.
Of course we weren't ready. Who could have been?

+ Yossaly Rage-Bound, Silver Fang Theurge

Even in the modern age of telecommunication
and space flight, Garou still remember the Indus-
trial Revolution as the time when everything really
changed. The spiritscape itself changed then, when
the first factories opened and the humans began to
flood into the cities in earnest. It was the first time
anyone had ever seen. Webs -on that scale,.and
certainly the first time anyone had ever seen truly
immense Weaver spiders. During the Industrial
Revolution, City Fathers and Mothers became more
than-a strange rumor — they became recognizable,
established figures in Garou spirit lore.

Chapter One: Writing on the Wall 25

a LP LE


It's entirely possible that the definition of the
city changed completely during the Industrial Revo-
lution.— at least in a spiritual sense. Just as the
totem Mammoth.was once the symbol: of strength
and is now asymbol of extinction, spirit narure can
change. Before the Industrial Revolution,.there
were acouple of handfuls at best of different Weaver-
spiders; today, the wisest Glass Walker Theurges
with the most cutting-edge fetish laptops despair of
cataloging them all. When the spirits of steam and
electricity and glass and concrete came to promi-
nence, what sort of spirits did they displace? If the
City Mothers and Fathers are now the voices of the
cities, what came before?

The Industrial Revolution was also a very good
time for the Wytm.. The atrocious working condi-
tions in various mines, factories and slaughter-
houses ate all well-documented, and need litrle
elaboration here (although for the interested, Upton
Sinclair's The Jungle is an interesting look into the

_mentaliry of some workers of the time, as well as an
infamous portrait of said working conditions). The
lot of the child laborer is probably most symbolic of
the mew sorts of suffering that industry brought,

although it'd be -a'shame to overlook the sorts of
things that adults also were forced to do to get by.
Eventually, various reforms managed to scale back
the worst excesses (although they were slightly less
successful in the World of Darkness), but the dam-
age was done —— the Wyrm had dug into the cities,
and it hasn't been uprooted since.

Pid SE apf

Hurnan tales of Apocalypse always mention a plain
as the location where the Final Battle will take place.
Maybe it's the plain of Megiddo;. maybe it's Vigard
Plain,.the field of Ragnarok. You can hardly: blame
them; after all, for ages their idea of warfare has been
armies massing on huge plains, and only recently have
they seriously experimented with the formula. But I see
things differently. The plain of the Final Battle won't be
a plain at all. Ill be the city. Which one? Any one.All
of them.Maybe they'll all be. linked at that time, and the
battle will spill from Paris to Flong Kong to New York
as easily as crossing streets. But it'll be the city, because
that's where the armies are already massing.

They're already at each other's throats there. The
Weaver,-spinning its webs at an ever-increasing rate,


turns cities into ever-growing and consuming entities.
The Wyrm eats out the heart of the cities, claiming them
for itself, remolding them into sites of urban decay. The
Weaver,.in retaliation, forces the cities to grow even
larger to become strong enough to keep the Wyrm
suppressed. The cities spread and spread as the Weaver
claims more territory and the Wyrm eats out a larger
chunk at the heart of each one. It's like watching a
disease spread, with blotches of rotten skin becoming so
large they start to overlap. Maybe when they all link up
to form a large enough "plain," that's when the Final
Battle will begin..But it's far more likely that when that
happens, the Final Battle will have been over and lost for
a.long time.

= Orson Half-foot, Black Fury Theurge

The modern -cityscape is virtually unrecogniz-
able from what it was a hundred and fifty, perhaps
even. .a hundred years ago. People live and work
together in. almost inconceivable numbers (cer-
tainly to elder Garou). Relatively little needs to be
said about the modern urban Umbrascape, at least
in this chapter. It is, for better or worse, what most
modern Garou are most familiar with; it may be the
most hazardous that any cityscape has ever been,
but at least modern werewolves know the basics of
what to expect.

The main development in the modern cityscape
worth considering is not how it came to be what it
is, but where it might go next.. The next evolution
will almost cértainly be based entirely on the shift
from End Times to Apocalypse; if the Final Battle
takes a form that might leave the cities standing,
the ripples it causes will still change them forever.
The Garou:'stand on the brink of the world chang-
ing forever, and the City will likely be the thing that
hints at the new form the world will take —~ possibly
in time for them to do something about it.

A fe J Ptafe Fl

Young cubs are taught éarly 6n that the city is
the place where the Weaver is strongest, where she
exercises her power to its fullest. It's asimple enough
axiom, and one that gets the general idea across well
enough. But, as with most things in the World of
Darkness, reality is a little more complicated. Cities
aren't the domain of the Weaver alone, and they're
not as uncontested as one might think.

Each of the following sections is broken into
two parts; the initial overview of just how the Triat
influences the cities of the World of Darkness, and
possibilities for taking that influence a step further.

See sees tere en arena eens em SR

Hopefully, you'll find some sort of interésting use
for the possibilities listed, even as potential visions
of what things might become if the characters don't
take action.

fee PUeatEr

he Triatic struggle for humanity,
has the upper hand where ci
eh new skyscraper, teleph

communities"
ing developments where rows of identical houses or
apartment buildings stand in orderly rows —~ those

add extra pattern and conformity to the landscape,
likewise strengthening the Weaver. The more con-
trol humans exert over the environment, the more
the Weaver flourishes by the ordering and settling
of unwanted irregularities.

Aifernase l Unatver Inflgetce

In a world where the Weaver is even stronger
than it is today, cities could become colossal nodes
in its Web, spinning threads to connect with one
another and cover the whole world. Development
spins wildly out of control; a rural lane with farm-
houses on hundred-acre lots becomes a suburb in as
little as a year,.and is properly urban within a
decade. City Fathers and Mothers cease to exist as
individual entities, and become more propaganda
figureheads —— mouthpieces for the Designer, like
newscasters with a "friendly face." The urban Pen-
umbra becomes acyberpunk hell, all butimpassable
without -exceptionally powerful Gifts and/or fe-
tishes: In the physical world, crime rates drop and
employment rates rise ——- more and more people are
seamlessly incorporated into a productive, trouble-
free lifestyle. The number of Drones expands expo-

CAapter One: Writing on the Wall 27

a YL AT


nentially; "Weaver fomori" soonm-outnumber actual
fomori. The wilderness is the only place the Weaver
cannot reach, and werewolves find themselves try-
ing to throw an asteroid-sized monkeywrench into
the Web in order to "crash the system."
Conversely, if the Weaver's influence in cities
is weaker, cities become much less predictable. The
Gauntlet is lowér, and spirits are freer to meddle-in
urban affairs. Many sites may wind up "haunted" by
spirits of various sorts, benign or malevolent. This
might lead to an urban environment where either
the Wyld or Wyrm dominates, or to. a more Gaian
approach. Civilization becomes more eclectic, with

museums and galleries haphazardly mixed in with

tech labs and shopping centers. .A city
strong Weaver presence becomes s
unlike any city we know; it'
that oo, end up.

"7G Weaver may g
but the Wyrm runs.a v
something about urban life that can trul
the worst in humanity ——-the lack o
competition for resources, the consta
privacy. Although urban residents ;
morally inferior to those that live be
limits, there's certainly more frequ
and opportunity to give in and take
trations on someone else.

The crime statistics of a city give.
impression of just how a city may feed
Each murder, each rape, each assault or
or hit-and-run empowers more Banes, whic
feed their newfound strength on up the hierarchy

the Wyrm. Although there are few cruelties that are

particular only to city-dwellers, the denser concen-
tration of people means more pain, violation, de-
spair and suffering per square mile. Any given city
will have a strong population. of Banes, simply
because it's easy for the Wyrm-spirits to find some-
thing to feed themselves.

Things get worse in a hot simmer. Ternpers are
even more on edge, each casual violation of per-
sonal space becomes a.deliberate insult, and the
crime rate goes higher..As the planet gets warmer
and warmer each year, the cities of the World of
Darkness see more and more of these blistering days
of mania, and the Wyrm fattens on the suffering
that results.

(And you thought global warming didn't really
help the Wyrm.)

28 Book of the City

LEE Ln Ps TP tiie <7,

It would bé easy to-say thar the Wyrm is ‘stron-
gest in the worst neighborhoods-— that Banes flock
to crackhouses and projects over all else. But that's
not particularly accurate. Crime flourishes at all
levels of society —— respected city officials may hire
prostitutes, only to. abuse and perhaps even kill
them, secure in their belief that mo reprisals will
come. Subtle and powerful agents of the Wyrm
circulate in all levels of society, feeding (and feed-
ing.on) the worst excesses of the poor, middle-class
and rich alike..Some of them are vampires who
don't even know what the Wyrm is, but find these
methods exciting and profitable; others may be
Enticers, Ferectoi or other fomori who are driven by
mote much suffering and grief. The
here inthe city; itsimply depends

environment can some-

than helpful. The Wyrm

Sense W
times be
is everywher

agadon pharmaceuti-
Il get accurate and
se Wyrm =~ it just re-
well as one's nose.

come horrible places to live.
e heart of the city, sending
e people fleeing to the suburbs and
opes of finding a safe haven. Businesses
leave and touristn drops; the cities becorme more
impoverished each year, and have less to spend on
law enforcement and civic works. The world may
drift farther away from a recognizable "like ourown
world, only darker" analogue, and more towards a
sort of dystopia, even a spiritual post-apocalyptic
setting.

Another possibility is a setting where the cities
have evolved as an ambitious method of serving —~
or freeing =—— the Wyrm. Civic planners and archi-
tects are influenced by secretive,.corrupt brother-

‘hoods to align their plans to match certain Pretranic

sigils or unusual flows of energy. Peculiar symbols
are cut into the cornerstones of significant build-
ings, and unusual materials are added to the design
of the highest skyscrapers: Even the street maps may


|

hold clues to the greater patterns and summoning
circles they invoke. It's all part of a grand design
handed down for millennia that will, when the time
is right, flood with energy and tear the Web asun-
der, freeing the Wyrm to remake the world. In such
a chronicle, the Garou might find themselves play-
ing with sacred geometries and geomancies of their
own, trying to reconfigure the patterns into some-
thing that will keep the Wyrm bound (or even heal
it). A concept like this needn't even be approached
on the grandest scale —— perhaps only one city, the
chronicle's home, has these layers of occult,
hidden beneath its surface.

The LOWE,

Even though the Weav
strong in the urban environgr
omnipresent nor invincibl
wilderness ~— wherever the!
change or growth,.a.séed,
And if carefully tended
Wyld is. present wh
unpredictable, but not
The Wyld is random
accidents. It manifests
have made remarkable
and in plants that grow in p
logically be dead. It is strong
few people go, where unexpe
small side-tunnel off a su
shadowy, strange nexus of W
disused sewer pipe. It is the ce
threat —— of rules breaking
happening asthey should. Int
of Darkness, it is invaluable.

The Bone Gnawers and Ratkin are the foremost
allies the Wyld has in the urban environment —
particularly the Ratkin. Neither is a friend of the
Weaver, and both groups do what they can to shake
up the. Weaver's: power within city limits. The
Ratkin are probably the closest thing the Wyld has
to mortal or shapeshifter servants; they see unmiti-
gated Wyld chaos as the antidote to both Weaver
and Wyrm,-the shot in the arm the world needs to
survive. They revere the Wyld for what they see it
as —~ the weapon they need to set things right. But
as always, the Wyld has no real friends. It cannot
maintain them; it does not think on a-scale that
includes concepts like compassion or camaraderie.

Afernase lye Jritaence

The obvious result of the Wyld becoming stron-
gerin cities is that the cities would break down and,

rey,-as might a
potential — or
of things not
of the World

SS pee ma an A a es

well, stop being cities: There are a few other ways to
handle this, however.

Perhaps a-strong Wyld presence in cities
wouldn't technically disrupt the order and patterns
of life as such, at least not on the surface. The cities
appear to play by all the usual rules, ordered into
neat blocks and streets and the like. However, the
orderly facade is all an illusion. On the other side of
the Gauntlet is a consistently shifting parody of the
city, a Penumbra where gates to various Near Realms
open and close at will. The Gauntlet randomly
fluctuates, particularly at night, and lone stragglers
might find themselves in a nightmarish parody of
the Sity they thought they knew. Most people ig-

E, ngeé-happenings, but the
into the minds of the
ts prophets. Homeless
orners are not witless
y humans who have
eart of the city.

yr,

VILASL PEP

sa living organism isa
orld of Werewolf,. it
analogy. In fact, sore
e even more questions
owing the Storyteller to
particular to her cam-

or parasitic organistn? That
e most obvious choice, and it
be very much in keeping with the Garou's
s. If such is the case, then cities are clearly
g off Gaia while giving nothing back. This
aspect would also indicate that cities are fully ca-
pable of killing their host —-and ifso, what happens
to them? Do they have a plan forspreading to new
hosts? Can they evolve intro amore symbiotic rela-
tionship with their host?

Is the city a predator? If so, what does it prey
upon? It may be a hostile pseudo-intelligence that
feasts on the spirits of mountains, rivers or plains.
Perhaps New. Orleans was a spirit predator that
caught the Mississippi Delta for its prey, and now
slowly devours its catch alive.

Isthe city a prey animal? If so, what could feed
onit? Are there greater spirits out there that feedon
the spirits of cities and take over their territories?
This premise could lead to a terrifying chronicle,.as
the players become slowly aware of immense spirit
entities that devour and replace the City Fathers,
going on to eat all the life or spirit-out of a city and

Chapter One: Writing on the Wail 29

A EY


se

leave a husk behind — or to°'rebuild the cities in
their own. image. Such city-eaters could easily be
Wyrmish in origin, but what if they're Weaver-
spirits that turn cities into sterile parodies of their
former selves? Are these predators something that
the Garou should fight,.or do they represent a
potential return to Balance?

Is the city ahive mind? Does it have a multitude
of sub-inteélligences that form a single vast entity? If
so, what qualifies a spirit to be part of the hive mind?
Is a hive-mind city part of the greater Weaver-
mind, or is it a. wholly -separate entity born. of
parallel evolution? What if a city is a lesser copy of
the Weaver, something created to someday grow
and replace the Weaver when it dies; is the
Earth essentially the Weaver's egg-sac?
(The Ananasi believe that. their pro-
genitor Queen Ananasa was designed as
a "backup copy of the Weaver"; such a premise
might imply that she is not only thar, but possibly
the City Mother of the First City.as well.)

And ifthe city isan organism, did it
evolve — or was it born of some other
organism? The latter possibility sug-
gests some strange ideas. Perhaps cit-
ies were born from the Weaver herself,
laid as spirit eggs
in. places of
power or inthe
minds of hu-
mans. Or per-
haps -they're
the fleshly chil-
dren ofan Umbral
Realm. that im-
pregnated tthe
physical. world
before the Sun-
dering. Perhaps
the CyberRealm
isn't as mew as
the Garou believe
—~ maybe it was-a
possibiliry that only
showed itself when-the
Earth cities began to
catch -up' to its-shining
streets and tangled lines.
It could easily be an eter-
nal Father-of-Cities, per-
haps itself born ages ago,
cut loose from a°world that

L.

E.

30

Se

AD Ceatf Or: Of SEE

Al this talk of sentient cities devouring
and being devoured may seem.a bit over-the-
top.-After all, cities don't really move around,
and they take a long time to die. But remember
that even the city-as-organism isn't going to
operate ona scale that's familiar to humans (or
werewolves). If a city's spirit is killed or de-
voured, the physical city might take a genera-
tion or so to die. Think of the cities of the
Midwestern Rust Belt, or the failing industry
towns of England. Once the spirit is gone, the
body may twitch and die for some time before
it's utterly lifeless, and even then people might
still live there. It won't be a happy existence,
but that's the World of Darkness for you.

underwent its own Apocalypse before Gaia gave

birth to the Earth.

T Pe PLtpstcits LLE9¢01 Ot

After all this ralk°of citiés as'strange and un-
knowable alien entities with a life of their own, we
finally come to the simplest possibility —- that cities
are simply an outgrowth of the human spirit, taking
on the spirit characteristics they do because that's
what humanity has given them. Such a premise
doesn't really lend itself to too many monolithic
Umbral conspiracies or plots, but it has the simple
ring of familiarity. This setting may be the favored
default for Storytellers who would rather keep the
backdrop fairly straightforward and focus om the
characters' more personal struggles.

Such a4 premise will inevitably be colored at
least to some extent by the Storyteller's and players'
own viewpoints on the human condition. A misan-
thropic Storyteller who doesn't ownaTV or set foot
in fast food restaurants will probably emphasize the
nasty spirit nature of the city as something that
humans brought on themselves with. their own
wretched behavior..A more lenient and optimistic
Storyteller might choose to play up the influence of
the Wyrm or Weaver, reasoning that the World of
Darkness is darker than our own world precisely
because such entities are in it. As'a result, there's
little enough we can say to prepare the reader fora
game set under this premise; you know your group
better than we do.

But even the most misanthropic or forgiving
Storytellers should be aware that even in the best
and worst of times, people demonstrate remarkable
capacity for compassion and cruelty alike. If you're
intending to run a story around the 9/11 attack on
the World Trade Center and Pentagon (which ‘is
your prerogative; just keep your players' sensibili-
ties in mind), remember that on a day where we saw
humans at their absolute worst, we also saw them at
their absolute best..There's no reason to attribute
humanity's worst excesses or greatest triumphs to
outside supernatural forces, when our own world
makes it evident that it just isn't the casein real life.

So the human route may be the most realistic,
and it may offer the most potential rewards; it all
depends on what you prefer. If this is the true nature
of the city, then the hope for the urban enmviron-
ment —~ for all of Gaia — rests squarely on the
shoulders of humanity. We léave it to you to decide
whether this is cause for hope or despair.

Chapter One: Writing on the Wall 31

na EP LT

L


"It's a jungle out there; huh?"
«mi Detective Briscoe,. Law and Order

Please excuse me while I take out a métaphor and
proceed to beatit to death. The City (my city, your city,
any city) is alive. The Talons may call the "scabs" a
disease eating Mother Gaia's flesh,.but diseases are
alive too. Me, I call them what we've got, so wishing
things to be different doesn't .do you squat..If we're
going to win this war, we had better start dealing with
the here and now and stop carping about the crap that
went down thousands of years ago. But that's just my
opinion, and I'm not here to teach Philosophy 101:

So,ifacity is alive; Garou are the infection. Even
we Glass Walkers pose as much a threat to the City as
a lupus who sniffs people's asses when he's in human
form. We Walkers (and the Gnawers) just blend better.
And that's what you idiots have todo. Don' trun around
in tribal gear. Don't try to hide your klaive or labrys or
whatever the hell else under your trenchcoat. Don't
think that human laws don't apply to us just because
we're not human-Act like an idiot and you' llend up on

a slab as fast-as those poncey vampires that dress like
low-rent Lestats: Blend. Drive the speed limit. Don't
get noticed. Pay your goddamn taxes: Doyou know how
mary times idiot Garou threatened the Veil by not
declaring on their 1040's?

If you try to hurt a city, it will fight back. And
unless you can't count,we're outnumbered millions to
one. It's got cops (city, country, state and the feds). It's
got the media. It's got, Gaia help you; Animal Control.
Most importantly, it's got millions of people avho will
assume that, just because you torched a plant that
provides them with jobs, food, shelter and health care,
that you must be the enemy..And let's not forget that
everyone these days is checking over their shoulder and
opening letters with gloves on: People are scared shitless
these days,.and it only takes a spark to turn the PTA
into a lynch mob.

—Phreak, métis Glass Walker Theurge

Chapter Two: The Grind 33

———————— EY

|
:

ps

Garou, by their very nature, are creatures of the
wild. While many of them were raised in human
society (at least up until their First Change), they
still have the instinctual responses of their wolf
side. For many, the complex interweaving of human
influences is unfathomable, when compared with
the strict hierarchy of a pack. Add to that the
changes caused by the supernatural forces that call
the city "home," and you have a difficult territory in
which Garou are forced to do battle. While Glass
Walkers and Bone Gnawers claim cities as their
protectorates, even they do not fully fit into the
juxtaposition of Wyrm and Weaver that makes up
the cities of the World of Darkness.

Though différent in many ways, the city-dwell-
ing tribes have taken the ancient writ of the Litany,
and adapted it to the modern era. They don't so
much replace the tenets outright — they have
enough trouble with the "urrah" label already —~ as
elaborate on them in specific ways. The following
expanded tenets are by no means universal among
urban Garou, but they do exemplify the sort of
added concerns that life in the city poses.

vee Shall Not ale UEC Clarciy: J Petttire
and EP ofeat Lowp Ate

Many city-dwelling Garou tend to keep their
Kinfolk more in the know than some of the other
tribes. While some tribes believe that this poses a
security risk, the Kinfolk supply many valuable
services to their shapeshifting cousins. They pro-
vide an unmatched level of legwork, espionage and
support. In addition to the traditional roles of Kin-
folk, Glass Walker Kin manage firms, provide sur-
veillance of suspected Wyrm agents, serve as legal
representation, and even update hardware and soft-
ware (few creatures with Rage are suited to tech
support). Bone Gnawer Kin, on the other hand,
expand the already large network of information
and support to their "cousins." Many Kin of both
tribes are trained in how to fight other supernatural
creatures (vampires, zombies, ghosts), both as a
measure of self-defense and, when needed, provid-
ing tactical support in large-scale conflicts.

Commit fhe lUgrrn fUSerecer Jf Davale ard
LUSenever fk freed: CPhowe Your Entities
Papp Lat SJ fare CPorwe You

A common mistake for wild Garou is to simple
enter a town and repeatedly use the Gift Sense
Wyrm until they find something to rend. That sort

34 Book of the City

/ ia LL A

of "Red Talon thinking" does not work over the
long term, especially in areas where there are far too
many agents of the Wyrm to simply attack them all
by the light of a blood red moon. As a result, city-
dwelling Garou have a "threat selection hierarchy"
(or "get those bastards first" list). While active
threats to Caerns, the Veil, Kinfolk or other impor-
tant resources bump "lesser" targets up on the list,
this is generally used for allocating strained re-
sources. Sometimes, Kinfolk "vigilantes" volunteer
to handle the lesser of multiple evils.

While each sept or pack may have a different
ranking, the overall split divides enemies into two
categories: "active" and "passive" threats. Active
threats are aware of the war of the Apocalypse, and
actively fight for the Wyrm or Weaver. Active
threats include foes such as Black Spiral Dancers,
Pentex or Weaver-controlled corporations, Banes,
Drones and fomori. Passive threats, while in oppo-
sition to the Garou and/or generally baneful to
Gaia, are not actively trying to bring about the
Apocalypse. They include threats like vampires,
mages, zombies, ghosts, and mortal werewolf hunt-
ers (as well as many other monsters not directly
associated with the Wyrm). That is not to say that
Garou consider all vampires to be passive threats;
many are in active service to the Wyrm in some
incarnation or another (in particular, they seem to
revere an unknown Wyrm-figure named "Cain").
But the majority of the undead don't know the
Wyrm from a worm, and get confused when at-
tacked by Garou in Crinos form. (Some mistak-
enly assume that "WORM?" is some sort of werewolf
war cry.)

eX SfiE SEPLION OA OPLIOP?
Pr SELLFOPIAL LOY TOE

Some Garou coming to cities for the first time
assume that, somewhere, hidden in the heart ofa
city is an Evil Overlord, who knows everything
that happens, and pulls the strings of every aspect
of life in their domain. Some suspect ancient
vampires. Others see the hand of Pentex. Still
others believe mages control reality. This is almost
never the case. Cities, especially cities large enough
to safely house a substantial supernatural popula-
tion, are simply too large for any one being, how-
ever powerful, to control completely. Instead, city
Garou see cities as a network (or web), with hun-
dreds, if not thousands of nodes of power, each
pulling the web in different directions. With that
in mind, when investigating areas (such as a fac-
tery suspected of being a Pentex holding, or a

|


|

neighborhood preyéd upon by Banes), they try to
discover the different influences that apply to that
locale, and not just any supernatural ones.

Ace tt an Ptonoratye Surrender:
Row f Ufa fo fide Fake

Urban' Garou are just as fractious as their wild
relatives, if not more so. In fact, with the extremely
limited number of urban caerns available, individu-
als and packs alike often find themselves fighting
each other for control of valuable territory. Bone
Gnawers ate less likely to go to war. with other
Gnawers packs than othet tribes, but power-hungry
Glass Walkers more than make up for that. With
that in mind, the Garou ofacity stop their conflicts
in mid-claw, close ranks, and unite to stop a com-
mon foe... The spiritual resources ‘in cities are too
precious to fall due to internal fighting. That is not
to say that the warring factions will not immedi-
ately pick up where they left off when the battle
ends, but they, more than country Garou with room
to spread out, understand when inter-Garou fight-
ing is unacceptable.

Sitentiton to SD fede te Pthighap Staller GT fa
Fipt Share of fle fea Paapelp Me
Sifter: Fathi P tiftt bit Patetegat

(er ha Stake Lown" Story)

Ciry Garou, more than their wild cousins, are
more likely to have a "modern" upbringing, with
un-wolf-like notions of democracy and such. This
upbringing often conflicts with their inner nature.
To help young Garou adjust to the changes, many
urban septs try to give the young voices a place to be
heard, while still. maintaining discipline..Glass
Walkers will often include lower ranking Garou in
"brainstorming" sessions and-include representa-
tives.of each pack at sept-wide meetings. Bone
Gnawers,..on. the other hand,. have "open mike
night" at their septs, giving all members of the sept
achance tospeak freely, without fear of retribution.
Heckling, however, is encouraged.

No Coffer' Prrvage PUbenever Feylige

Country Garou often quote the old adage about
omelets and eggs: However, in.today's climate,
urban. Garou have found it more important than
ever to keep their actions cloaked in secrecy. Addi-
tionally,.urban Garou have grown to understand
that only a tiny fraction.of people working for
Pentex subsidiaries (or even the core Pentex corpo-
ration) knows the true goals of their company. Even
the security forces are largely kept in the dark. Few

Ser sn es an EA Ee ee

Garou see glory in ripping the arms off of a mifi-
mum wage night watchman that's trying to feed his
family. Old monkeywrencher tricks like setting fires
or otherwise destroying Pentex property draws far
too much attention in the post 9/11 climate. More
stealthy methods are now in vogue, including com-
puter sabotage, exposure to the media and even
lawsuits. However, no one is going to call a con-
sumer watchdog group to see the OSHA infractions
at a fomori ranch. The old methods still have their

place.
Rageeds J Bove Pencaf~tt Ya —~AUifdre of Ciata:
LF Fatt Fight Cth, Poe Choos

Garou; by their very naturé, are drawn to battle:
In ancient times, their very reason for existing was
to be the warriors of Gaia: However, times have
changed and thanks to-the War of Rage, the Garou
shoulder many of the tasks once taken by other
Changing Breeds. Many Glass Walkers and -city-
based Children of Gaia band together, not just to
fight the forces of the Wyrm, but to improve things
in the urban environment. Their message is catch-
ing on. both with younger, idealistic Garou and
battle-weary, older Garou. This faction, called "The
Healing Heart," espouses the idea that Garou must
mot just fight the forces of Weaver and Wyrm, but
encourage the healing of the victims. While some
scoff at the idea of Gaia's Chosen Warriors doing
"community service," places where Garou have
worked to improve the area often show signs of
spiritual regeneration.

F#a lil Shall Nat Fe Afgeuk ILE CPL
SILAL A NOT (EC LPF GEL

If there is one thing that Garou admire about
the vampires, it is their success in hiding their
weaknesses and powers with folklore and fiction.
While the average person believes the myths that
crosses repel vampires and wooden stakes kill them,
everyone knows that silver kills werewolves. -Al-
though the Veil protects Garou from many forms of
exposure, it would not take much to expose them to
the light of media scrutiny. In the wilds, Garou
actions can be blamed on natural-predators. In the
cities, there are no wild animals running loose, and
every day new security cameras pop up. City Garou,
more -than ever, are having to remain in either
Homid or Lupus forms, except when absolutely
necessary.-Fortunately, Theurges have certain fe-
tishes useful in protecting the Veil, along with the
growing popularity of Gifts like Jam-Technology,
Blissful lgnorance, Power Surge, and Control Com-
plex Machine.

Chapter Two: The Grind 35

a AS LY A TE


Le not Suffer Stig Feote fo Send S hig

In ancient times, Garou too sick to serve as
warriors often threw themselves into futile, suicidal
battles or went off to the wilderness to die alone. In
modern times, aging or ill Garou are finding new
purposes, other than those of warrior. Many young
Glass Walkers tend to downplay the advice of el-
ders, feeling that if an elder can't swing a klaive or
hack code with the best of them, that the old-fogies
home is the only place for them. "Iron Rider" is just
one particular putdown for aging Glass Walkers.
Contrariwise, the Bone Gnawers embrace the wis-
dom of their elders. The eldest Gnawers often find
themselves serving not just as leaders, but as teach-
ers, tacticiams, surrogate parents, amd lore keepers.
There is acommon saying among Bone Gnawers, "a
slowing hand leads toa speedier mind." While Glass
Walkers may ignore their elders, Bone Gnawers
respect them, and don't consider caring for the
elderly suffering. Gnawers maintain a special re-
spect for those elders whose minds faded, and gently
help them "return to Gaia's embrace."

Te Leader Atay Fe CPablenged apd ny J fre

Dayptud Peace' 7 be Leader Atay No
Pablenged Dring /Uariire:
ee LP fOr at Pforda

Cities are battlefields to Garou, and while there
is the occasional, momentary outbreak of peace,
they rarely last long. In the past, many Garou have
taken that to mean that Garou are in a constant
state of war, and as such, the leader may not ever be
challenged. However, that leads to frustration and
dissention in the ranks, many of whom feel that
their voices are unheard. As such, city-based septs
tend to be unified in the field and fractious at home.
Wiser leaders let the young hotheads blow off steam
(and Rage) in acceptable outlets.

6 Sha Guke Noe Aattors G Via t CARLES @
aerr xo Fe Uipfifede £9 fUse PUG KI fhe
Star" tttng—- SIE Cup of Gor

City-based caerns are exceedingly rare. As such,
the packs that protect those caerns take their jobs
very seriously. Glass Walker caerms combine the
latest in modern surveillance technology and bound
spirits to secure their sacred grounds. Buildings
possess high levels of technological security, and
have well-armed Kinfolk working as security guards.
Using dummy corporations, Glass Walkers try to
buy up as much of the surrounding area as possible,
and then use Kin-owned contractors to link the

36 Book of the City

OLE Ln ET i LY LS

buildings by secret tunnels and passageways. These
modifications never show up on building plans, and
are frequently obscured with the help of spirits. One
area the Glass Walkers take special care to monitor
is the sewer systems. Sewer-dwelling vampires or
Black Spiral Dancer spies have infiltrated too many
caerns for them to even consider creating secret
escape routes into the sewer systems.

While Bone Gnawers may lack the high-tech
tricks of the Glass Walkers, they more than make up
for it with cunning and ingenuity. The Frankweilers
are especially valued for their creativity in design-
ing elaborate and effective traps and warning de-
vices out of junk. Bone Gnawers also have better
relations with the normal people near their caerns,
and their frequent trading of food for information
leads them to have a network of spies and watch-
men the Glass Walkers would envy.

Nae SD PP aOf
The Felice

Damn cops. One or two have souls, maybe. But
those donut-eating bastards would much rather play
"roust-the-bum" than actually, I don't know, catch
criminals. It's not like they don't know where the
crooks are. It's not like they don't have guns. If they
cared so much about my rights as they do about
pushers', well, I wouldn't have so much work to do.
Best thing 1 can say about them is that they happily
ignore my work, and think my crew is just a rival gang
taking out the competition.

— Midnight Charley, Bone Gnawer Ahroun

The police are guardians of human society, protect-
ing the masses from elements that threaten the whole.
They defend that status quo, and thus we can easily find
ourselves on opposite sides. They don't know that the
well-dressed lawyer is an agent of the Wyrm, and that
the shabbily dressed protestor is a holy guardian of the

DPYarrar

In the World of Darkness, everything is
darker, nastier and more corrupt, right? This
includes cops and other officials. While police
corruption is a real problem, in the World of
Darkness, it is more widespread than in our
world. The authors have the utmost respect for
the police and other law enforcement officials.
In general, the level of corruption presented
here is higher than in the real world. Otherwise,
it wouldn't be called "the World of Darkness."

|


Se: eee

Earth's spirit. But both Garou and cop
realize that the murderer or the child por-
nographer is. a problem that must be dealt
with. They see the effects on the commu-
nity; we see the reflection in the spirit
world. In the end,.they are -agerts of
balance, as are we. Without us; the world
would fall into the clutches of the Wyrm.
Without the police, human society would
collapse. While the Talons may see that
as aworthy goal, we donot. As such, we
go out of our way to avoid confrontations
with law enforcement.

— Aaron. Brokers-With+Spirits,
Glass Walker Theurge

Inthe course of their duties, Garou
éncounter the police, much in the same
way that normal people do: when they
break some minor law. Cops pull Garou
over for speeding just like everyone
else. It's just that Garou are more likely
to have illegal weapons than the aver-
age driver. Additionally, many herbs
and powders used for rituals are illegal
to possess.. Garou must be careful in
dealing with..che police. While cer-
tainly nor even a SWAT team is a
match fora single Garou, bursting into
Crinos and ripping the arms off of a
policeman is the fastest way to threaten
the Veil.

While each stare, county and city
has different ranking systems and or-
ganizational structures, police fallinto
four basic categories: beat cops, detec-
tives, special teams and desk jockeys.
Beat cops are the ones out on patrol.
Some drive squad cars, others walk a
beat, and still others ride bicycles or
horses. Their job is to patrol a certain
area and respond to local calls for assis-
tance. They are the first ones on the
scene when trouble brews. Beat cops
are generally armed with nightsticks
and pistols... However,.as any Glass
Walker will tell you, that is not their
most dangerous weapon... Their radios
are greater threats than their sidearm.
Bullets may sting when they go in, but
are generally forgotten quickly. Abeat
cop calls for backup when someone

— ant wR yD) 2 reports a "bear loose on Maple Street"
NT Sy) or when their partner goes down the

Prat

a sey Ns

wrong alley and screams in horror at the sight of a
battle between rival packs. This brings more police-
men and more potential witnesses. Additionally,
most squad cars come equipped with video cameras
these days. Patrol officers generally respond to crimes
in progress or ones recently reported.

The second major category of police officer is
the detective. They generally wear street clothes,
and are specialized in a certain criminal behavior,
such as homicide, theft, illegal drugs, organized
crime, arson, or sex crimes. Detectives handle the
complex cases that cannot be solved immediately.
They question suspects and gather evidence about
crimes to present im court.

The third major branch of police work is the
"special teams." Depending on the size of the city
(and the size of the police budget), cities can have
small, highly specialized teams of police officers.
While the SWAT (Special Weapons And Tactics)
get the fame and the glory, a particularly worrisome
branch of law enforcement forces Garou to be more
and more careful in modern times: the Crime Scene
Investigators. With the advent of modern investi-
gative techniques, Garou must worry about the
inevitable drops of blood and hair fibers they leave
behind. There is a small, but growing number of
police scientists using DNA technology (see Book
of the Weaver) and gathering pieces of the puzzle.
Enough "tainted" blood samples with strange hor-
mone levels and hair fibers that are too thick to be
human, but with Homo sapiens base pairs have to be
more than just a rash of mishandled samples. Kin-
folk to Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers have done
what they could to steal back the evidence, but
these scientists are on the right track. Orher special
teams of note include hostage negotiators, bomb
squads or search-and-rescue teams. Lastly, there are
the "desk jockeys." They maintain the records, man
the all-important communications centers, and pro-
vide other support functions to the cops in the field.

Another branch of the police department that
the Garou must constantly keep in mind is the
juvenile authorities. Consider that a lot of Lost
Cubs going through their First Changes end up on
missing persons rolls. Additionally, cubs after they
Change do not do well in normal schools. High
school is a pressure cooker, even when the students
don't have Rage boiling in their veins. Garou doa
lot of home schooling, which means they have to
deal with school districts if the cubs are to have
some sort of official education.

A significant problem in the World of Darkness
is police corruption. Police (both in the World of

38 Book of the City

OLE LE FO LT in IY LE A

Darkness and our own) are criminally underpaid.
They, like everyone else, have families (or other
habits) to feed. Similarly, many businessmen break
the law in some minor way that can easily be said to
"not hurt anyone." Maybe the workers are illegal
immigrants and the cops are paid to look the other
way. Or possibly restaurants do not follow health
guidelines strictly enough. Paying off a cop ends up
being cheaper than actually addressing the prob-
lem. But corruption can go much deeper. Cops can
be paid by organized crime or drug dealers to look
the other way. Sometimes, to nail "one of the bad
guys," police must break the law themselves. Con-
fessions are much easier to get with a nightstick to
the kneecaps than with a nice word. In the World
of Darkness, there are even more opportunities for
police corruption. Vampires may not control the
police department, but more than a few undead
"princes" keep a small contingent of crooked cops
on their payrolls. Many are blood-enslaved "ghouls"
who possess supernatural strength and resistance to
injury, as well as immunity to the Delirium. Simi-
larly, large Pentex outfits pay off the police when
necessary, or simply use their wealth and influence
the way any large (and unscrupulous) corporation
does to influence local politicians, and through
them, the police. .
Ly For

There's a tale I heard the other day from a Strider
passing through town. He told me about this pack of
cubs, fresh out of the Rite and thinking they knew
everything. They were determined to wipe out all the
Wyrm-taint in the city, and come home covered in
glory. So anyways, they're out trying to find all the
Leeches. I dunno why. Seen too many movies or some-
thing. There're better targets out there. But I digress...
So, they figure out there's some Master Vampire out
there. Snuff the big bad and everyone goes home. Now,
they had been doing some semblance of detective work,
and figured out that the Leeches had their fangs in city
politics. K' Duh! So they figure the mayor is in on it, and
bust into his office one night (Hizzoner was working
late, you see), tie him up and start trying to beat the
truth out of him. "Who's your Master?" Hizzoner
gibbers he don't get it. "Who's the big bloodsucker?"
Hizzoner keeps gibbering. "Who is the Master Vam-
pire?" Hizzoner has, of course, no clue what these ski-
masked "terrorists" are talking about. But the cubs get
more and more pissed. One gets the bright idea that the
Master Vamp had put some sort of Jedi Mind Trick on
the him and beating the snot out of an overweight, forty-
year old white guy just isn't as fun as they'd like it to be.
Now, the Theurge has been using Sense Wyrm like once


evéry five minutes or something determined he's going to
find something: You know what he got? Nothing buta
headache. Vampires have the hooks in~city. politics.
Sure. But they doit the same way everyone else buys off
the city — with money and favors.

«— Grandpa Spinner, Bone Gnawer Galliard

While no one person can be said to control a
city, a mayor heads most municipal governments.
In general,.the mayor controls the bureaucracy,
controls the budget, and can veto acts of the city
council. The council, on the other hand, deter-
mines city policies and passes city ordinances. De-
pending on the city,.the mayor can have absolute
power, with the council lacking teeth, or the coun-
cil can hold the power, with the mayor acting as a
figurehead for the real powers acting behind the
scenes.

While the mayor and city council are at the top
of the civic bureaucracy, they are the tip of the
proverbial iceberg..As cities grow, the bureaucracy
"needed" to keep the trains on time grows at an
ever-expanding rate. .A-short list of city depart-
ments includes (but is not limited to): Aviation,
Building Services, Convention/Enterrainment Fa-
cilities, Finance and Administration, Education,
Fire; Health and Human Services, Housing, Human
Resources, Legal, Library, Municipal Courts, Parks
and Recreation, Planning and. Development, Po-
lice, Public works; and Waste Management.

For the most part, cities award plush contracts
for public works to -people or organizations that
helped elect the current powers that be. This is the
main reason people raise millions of dollars to run
for offices that pay a tiny fraction of what could be
made in the private sector. Wealthy interests get
their chosen representatives elected, and in return,
they get fat public works contracts.

In the World of Darkness, cities are perpetually
im budget crises. As the tax base flees to the suburbs,
cities losé revenue. It becomes cheaper for compa-
nies to simply cut their loses and build new plants
rather than update existing ones for modern uses.
That is why so many downtown. areas are run down.
Their owners have fled to greener pastures, and
there is no interest in fixing up the place. Some
Glass Walkers have swooped in to buy up the cheap
land, but they possess a microscopic fraction of the
business capital needed to reverse urban decay.

For the most part, supérnatural creatures in the

See se es an EA PEE RE ee

ever, there rémains an exception to this rule. Be-
cause every supernatural faction-has an -express
interest in keeping the monsters that roam the
night a sectet, they cannot help but act more di-
rectly in keeping tabs on the media. With that in
rmiind, individual Storytellers should decide for therm-
selves how much.influence Pentex (or the vam-
pires, or the Technomancers,; or Masquers Guild or
the Bavarian Illuminati or whatever the hell) have
with the mass media. Storytellers should consider
the two opposing out-of-game requirements involved
in this.. The first is that, for the crearures of the
night to remain hidden, they must, for their own
survival, keep their secrets hidden. Orherwise, the
entire tone of a chronicle shifts from one of secret
factions warring in the night to an opem war be-
tween humanity and the monsters. Storytellers who
wish to run Apocalyptic campaigns often fire the
opening shots with a television camera instead ofa
gun. The opposing out-of-game need is that, while
the creatures of the night enjoy their secrecy, it
should never be taken fot granted. Players should
mot take it for granted that their acrions will never
show up on the six o'clock news. This requires a
delicate balancing act on the part of the players and
Storyreller.. They should take care in crafting ad-
ventures dealing with, for instance, a news crew
discovering the players' pack.

With these principles in mind, here are some
suggestions for how to handle the mass media. Most
large media organizations (local relevision stations,
radio, newspapers, etc.) are the ones with super-
natural creatures pulling the strings. Depending on
the sort of stories the Storyteller wishes to run (and
the games in her game library), it could be Drones,
vampires, Technomancers, or even some mundane
governmenrit cartel that knows about the supernatu-
ral but wants to keep it quiet. They (whoever They
happen to be) get editors to bury stories, cut live
feeds at the right time, mock groups that do try to
expose The Truth,.and otherwise squelch super-
natural stories.

However, the past few years have seen an explo-
sion of media outlets. More and more people get
their daily news from the web. The Internet has no
central governing authority, and its influence on
"regular" media outlets is growing. As such, Evil
Secret Conspiracy Groups cannot muzzle. these
smaller organizations. These web-sites, small-press
magazines and late-night call-in shows are the ones
with the freedom to pursue the supernatural, with

World of Darkness have influence at best — not no Big Brother there to stop them. The best that
control over mortal affairs and institutions: How- they can do is make sure that nobody takes these
Chapter Two: The Grind 39

—————— EY A AY

4

fringe outlets seriously. This allows Storytellers to
run adventures where there is a risk of exposure, but
it doesn't necessarily mean the end of the world if
the players fail. The grainy picture of a werewolf
doesn't carry the same threat to the Veil when it's
covered by the weekly tabloid that regularly shows
the adventures of the Bat-Faced Man and his Alien
Love-Child.

Kortornfrons J Patiing Cita
4UM40¢f Fbrtet hoff

Really more of a Gnawer topic but let me hit you
with some numbers. In 1999, even after you factor out
the Pentex fronts we know about, the United States
generated over forty million tons of hazardous waste.
That's the stuff that'll really mess you up —~ like acids,
corrosives or toxic. Think that's a big number? The year
before that, Americans tossed away over 220 million
tons of regular old trash, or about 4 1/2 pounds of trash
per person per day. Add to it the crap Pentex intention-
ally spews out and you've got one big pile of shit.

— Cruncher, Glass Walker Galliard

While it is convenient for some Garou (or
players) to believe otherwise, not every corporation
that wrecks the environment, takes advantage of
their customers, or delivers shoddy overpriced mer-
chandise has a Pentex-trained junior vice-presi-
dent at the helm. While the efforts of Pentex lobby-
ists make it legally easier for the rest of the world to
wreck the environment, ordinary, everyday compa-
nies would do an excellent job by themselves. One
of the realities Garou must face is that not every evil
act stems from a Bane lodged in someone's soul. It
just takes a different set of priorities. As long as
companies place higher value on stock prices than
clean air and jobs over virgin forests, the Garou will
have enemies to fight. Not only that, but companies
not taking an active part in the Apocalypse provide
amuch more difficult target for the Garou. It is easy,
relatively speaking, to clean out a hive of Black
Spiral Dancers using an Endron drilling platform to
wake up a trapped Wyrm beast. Claws and fangs, on
the other hand, do little good in a courtroom. There
is not much that Giarou can do directly in these
arenas. However, that does not keep them from
trying. They would not be Garou if they gave up. A
Houston-based Glass Walker sept has sent numer-
ous Kinfolk to law school, in the hopes of finding
ways to fight these battles in the courtroom.

That is not to say that all civil actions against
polluting corporations must fall to Kinfolk. While
not as "sexy" as combating an Endron strike team,
the supernatural abilities of the Garou can be put to

40 Book of the City

OLE Le ES OT LT TO aT A

good use in gathering evidence against an illegal
polluter (or against a politician who fills his cam-
paign chest with bribes on their behalf). Addition-
ally, some firms are not above trying to apply force
to the "tree-huggers trying to put us out of business."
Of course, these leg-breakers will certainly find
themselves with much more than they bargained
for when the industrious young lawyer's "country
cousin" comes to town. Sometimes, after dealing
with insurmountable odds and threats too large for
a pack to handle, a simple session of cathartic
violence against an easy foe can put the spirit back
into a group that has just faced too much darkness.

Otani

Oh, for Gaia's sake, lay off, will ya? We're not the
Mafia. Yeah, we break a lot of laws to get things done,
but we're not the freakin' Sopranos, okay?

— Jimmy "The Claw" Claussen, Glass Walker
Philodox

Some Garou philosophers (and more thana few
Ragabash) have compared organized crime families
to Garou families. Both have goals and objectives
outside "normal" society. Their enemies are power-
ful, entrenched forces that wish to crush them
utterly. Both have a tendency to use violence as an
acceptable problem-solving tool. Both keep their
groups together by bonds of family, loyalty and
silence. While there certainly are similarities in
their structures, the goals are completely different.

Criminals, in a nutshell, want to take money
(or goods or services) from the people who have
properly earned it. Inareal and metaphysical sense,
they feed upon the community, much in the way
vampires feed on individuals. While there are cer-
tainly gangsters who, unbeknownst to them, feed
the Urge Wyrms of Greed, Desire, and Cruelty,
many Garou see criminals as asymptom of the larger
problem. Certainly, outfits that try to squeeze pro-
tection money out of businesses owned by Kinfolk
end up messily dead, but for the most part, Garou try
to focus on the larger enemies. The majorexception
to this is the Bone Gnawer tribe. More than a few
Gnawer vigilantes make it their business to protect
certain areas of town (and not just places near
caerns). Their motto is "not on my block." Some
even go so far as to believe that the Big Things (like
stopping the Apocalypse, destroying every last vam-
pire, etc.) are for other Garou. The high-ranking
mucky-mucks constantly lording their rank and
breeding over "lesser" Garou. So, if nobody wants
their help with the Big Things, then they will focus
on the small things, and get them right. They


believe making a differencé, a thousand and one
different small ways, will add up to one Big Thing.

TV fe Cf ofe

One of the side effects of the horrors of the
World of Darkness is mankind's instinctive reli-
gious reaction to the darker nature of their world.
While. the evéryday people may not ‘consciously
know that there are monsters Out in the night, there
is still a sense of fundamental wrongness that drives
them into churches, mosques, synagogues; temples,
circles and a thousand other brands of faith: People
do not attend church for comfort .and support —
they attend because they're afraid. This subcon-
scious fear shapes the churches as well. They are
larger, more ornate,and (of course) festooned with
gargoyles to drive off the evil spirits.. Churches
practice the "old-time religion," full of fire and
brimstone and dire warnings if the parishioners do
not follow the path of the straight and narrow.
Exorcism, while not advertised, is accommon prac-
tice, though unfortunately many people who need
actual spiritual assistance go unnoticed and those
needing psychological and medical attention have
nonexistent demons cast out..An additional prob-
lem with the fear that shapes religious thought in
the World of Darkness is that it can lead to (if one
can even conceive of it) even more religious intol-
erance than we have in the real world... With so
much at stake, there is a need not only to seek
religious shelter, but also to believe that they are
the only ones who are right..Churches are much
more insular, ‘with ecumenical programs almost
nonexistent. This is not just rivalry berween differ-
ent forms of religion, but between sects of the same
church, or sometimes even between parishes.

Because of their need to blend in, most Kinfolk
families attend a local church, generally a popular
and well-attended one with a-large congregation.
While this can lead to unpleasant conversations
when. a young Kin learns "the family secret," after
thousands of years of blending in,.- most families are
able to break the truth. to their children with a
minimum of stress. And, if the confused teenage
Kinfolk lets a few secrets slip, it's easy to cover up
the actions of a "confused" teenager.. However, on
occasion, Kin and Garou have had to deal with
possible exposure as rumors of witchcraft have
haunted more than a few families. With the recent
acceptability of nature religions,.a few Kin families
have tried to "out" themselves as pagans with vary-
ing levels of success.

Se

Some Kinfolk even serve in the clergy. While
their day jobs often raise eyebrows with the rest of
the family, these Kin are able to meld Gaian spiri-
tualism with the dogmas of other religions. Kinfolk
clergy tend to fall into one of two categories. Most
of them are mavericks in their own orders, pushing
Gaian tenets into their teachings. They tend to be
very popular with those who attend their services,
but often end up in political and theological struggles
with their superiors..A small fraction of Kinfolk
turn to human religions as a way of rejecting their
Garou ancestry.. Though many Kinfolk are treated
kindly by. their Garou relatives, still others are
forced into practices and behaviors that make wear-
ing a burqa seem pleasant. When they do escape
their persecutors, they often embrace very "human"
activities, not the least of which is a spirituality of
human, not werewolf, origins. Rumors persistently
circulate .of an all-Kinfolk anti-werewolf fighting
force sponsored by a secretive sect of the Catholic
Church, dating back to the Inquisition.

Hn, Ye Everyday Ftv

When it comeés'to the average, everyday, man-
on-the-street, most Garou really don't give them a
second thought. At most, normal people are thought
of as bystanders or perhaps tacit co-conspirators
with the Weaver or Wyrm. Some gamers have even
been known. to joke-that there were no normal
people left in the World of Darkness, and that the
last normal.person became a Hunter a couple of
years ago. This is far from the truth. If one were to
add up all of the supernatural creatures in the World
of Darkness, from Ananasi to Zhyzhak, it would still
end up being a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of
one percent. Even if the numbers were expanded by
including all of the people directly touched by the
supernatural (from the unfortunates vampires feed
on to the even more unfortunate parapsychologists
who hunt for proof of the supernatural), it would
still be a tiny fraction of the population.

However, once one considers the indirect effects
the various supernatural forces have on everyday
people, the number swells to almost every person on
the planet. These mystical groups affect everything
from the environment (imagine every state having
the same, nonexistent air-quality laws that Texas
does) to the economy (one of the tenets often
mentioned in setting the scene in the World of
Darkness is that there is an almost perpetual receés-
sion going on). People are scared that they will not
be able to take care of their families. While these
fears can seem petty to supernatural warriors at-

Chapter Two: The Grind 41

a ES AT


tempting to save the world from a cosmic entropic
force, it is this fear that drives man in the World of
Darkness.' These fears kéep them from caring about
the environment or overpopulation or the other
symptoms of the spiritual Apocalypse on the hori-
zon.

All Garou know thar changes in the physical
world lead to changes in the Umbra, and vice versa.
Cut down a tree in the Umbra, and the one in the
material world withers and dies. Clear out a nest of
Banes, and the "real" locale improves. Some Garou
are experimenting with direct action in the lives of
normal people, in the hope thar these changes lead
to larger effects in both worlds: The Children of
Gaia have even had some small success in trans-
forming people with no Garou blood in their fami-
lies into actual Kinfolk:

Sigzerisa patel S PPAGE

First vampires, now witches: No wonder you can
still afford a house in Sunnydale.

—— Xander, Buffy The Vampire Slayer

While the mundane side-of the-city provides
challenges to the mind and cunning of a Garou,.it
is against the supérnatural thar the city becomes a
physical battleground. One of the traits all of the
supernatural entities share is the need to keep their
existence secret. Not just that of their own breed of
monster, but all monsters. Once it's proven. that
werewolves are real, it's a short step to believing the
same of vampires, zombies, ghosts and wizards. This
has led to a "Cold War" mentality in the various
magical denizens of a city. All sides try to keep as
quiet as they can. All sides try to spy on each other.
All sides keep close tabs on the media, making sure
that no proof of supernatural evidence appears. On
more than one occasion, Garou have gone into
local media ourlers to recover an incriminating
videotape or photograph, only to discover it is
already gone. When questioned, photographers show
no memory of ever taking the picture. However,
that does not mean that there is some sort of "happy
midnight gang" of monsters working together for
the common. good. Generally; when this sort of
thing happens, the other monsters use the proof for
their own gain. Perhaps a vampire wants to make
sure the werewolves who mauled his blood brothers
get some payback. The evidence might help lead
them back to the pack, and from the pack, to
"wherever it is those damned lupines live."

OL AE Ee EE LT TA

lapaptyrear

I hear a lot of talk from Garou who don't know any
better that Glass Walkers have secret alliances with this
vampire cult or that vampire sect.. Maybe sorne packs
do, but elders-tend to beat the crap out of packs that
stupid. Let me cut through the crap you've seen.on TV
and break it down for you. If you paid attention as cubs
you know how to kill' em: Their tribes and sects don't
matter either... When push comes to shove that crap
doesn't matter. For all their power ,when it comes down
to it, all vampires are scared. Because they don't grow
old, they get to think, "Hey, I could live forever if I play
this right." So they get focused on immortality. You and
me; we live on in our cubs. These guys can't have
children in the real sense,.so instead of turning outward
to make the world -better for their kids; they turn
inwards, raking their worlds safer..They create elabo-
rate lairs so they don't get turned to flambé by the sun.
They surround themselves. with enslaved servants to
protect them during the day, and make more vampires
to do their dirty work at night... They way I hear it, the
oldest of their kind spend most of their time comatose in
hidden lairs, fucking with each other by proxy in their
sleep. The younger, weaker ones don't want to be under
their elders' thumbs, so they do the same damn. things to
those weaker than them. It's all so.:. pathetic: And it's
not worth our time. Wedon't have ary secret alliances
with vampires, nor dre we particularly at war.

—~ Jason Steel-Towers, Glass Walker Philodox

Vampires, by their very nature, are city crea-
tures, Cities provide them with the things they
need: blood, shelter from the sun, and protection
from-humanity. Some vampires claim that cities
started due to vampiric influence —— a-claim that
Garou'scoff at'as a particular example of vampire
egotism. Certainly, vampires are well suited to life
surrounded by thousands of potential. meals. They
also have the most to lose, and -guard their secrecy
with a fervor matched only by the depths to which
they will sink in order to protect their immortal
carcasses. While many of the undead have mind-
tricks that ler them escape memory, the majority do
mot; and must rely on ruthlessness and cunning to
cover their tracks.

While many «tribes savor -huriting vampires
(sometimes even using vampire hunts as rites of
passage), most city Garou have learned not to make
treaties or alliances with the undead, but to leave
them be. After millennia of warfare, the Garou
have yet to get the upper hand over rheir undead

|


han

foés, and it doésn't look like the tables are turning
any time soon. Although vampires are by their very
existence corrupt parasites in humanlike form (some
Garou theorize them to be a form of fomor that
requires an already dead host), they aren't as imme-
diate a threat as, say, a Hive of Black Spiral Dancers.
‘The younger vampires often seem content to play at
being human, and are comparatively harmless, while
the elder vampires are possibly more trouble to
destroy than they're -worth...As such,-vampires are
often seen as low-priority targets. That said, when
vampires and Garou find themselves at cross-pur-
poses, the Garou are not afraid to strike fast and
hard.

Vampires, like Garou, associate in packs: How-
éver, the name is about the only thing they share.
Vampire packs stay together for mutual survival and
no vampire can truly be said to trust another. The
only trust a vampire can be said to have is the belief
that no one else is*mind-controlling its minions. In
order to-emsure their privacy and security, most
vampires create a web around themselves. One
layer is physical. Most vampires have asecret haven

(or, possibly more than one) that is lined with the
strongest walls and the toughest security they can
muster.. While they may think they are masters of
the night, by day they-are much less powerful.
Another layer is made up of minions. While older
Leeches may have dozens of minions (mortals, blood-
enslaved Renfield-type henchmen or even lesser
vampires), even the-youngest neonate has some
circle of followérs. It is mecessary, for simple sur-
vival. lt may be a well-trained guard dog or possibly
a lawyer who doesn't ask. questions about their
"peculiar" client who only has time for meetings
after standard hours. Since the undead cannot walk
around by day, they need eyes, ears and shields. The
third layer is supernatural. Some vampires know
blood rituals useful in defending themselves from
spirits or even Garou, Others rely on the network of
debts and favors all vampires seem to owe each
other. They may not personally know how to pro-
tect themselves, but they may know someone who
does... Vampires with any experience fighting
werewolves often trade their knowledge for other
favors, thus increasing their own power and status.

Chapter Two: The Grind 43

a EY

Tha Friferacws "ST Feaflar"

In many games, especially LARPs, Story-
tellers should feel free to create whatever trea-
ties between Kindred and Garou they need for
their stories..In crossover chronicles or live-
action settings where large numbers of Kindred
and Garou player-characters are in the same,
small place, treaties and other pacts can -be
necessary to keep the players from slaughtering
each others' characters onanightly basis. Play-
ers and Storytellers should be encouraged to use
whatever means available to ensure that all
players have fun.

However, in chronicles where you can man-
age to swing a-cat without hitting another
supernatural beirig, such treaties are exception-
ally rare. Historically, virtually all of them were
broken within a century. Kindred and Garou
have few common enemies and generally can't -
be in the same room with each other for very
long before something bloody happens. While
many cubs have heard tales around the camp-
fires about. a.city where the vampires and
werewolves get along, it's generally an urban
legend. At best,.Garou and Kindred have a
sense of the other side's territories, and try to
avoid them, for their own safety..A rare Garou
knows how to-get.in touch. with a .specific
vampire, and in times of emetgency, the two
sides can pass information' on to each other
always bearing in mind that their "contact"
might be passing misinformation, of course.
The two groups have been engaged in acold war
for millennia, after all.

In the end, just as player characters are
exceptions to many rules, so are individual
campaigns. If the Storyteller thinks she can tell
a good crossover story, or even run a crossover
chronicle, she should..The White Wolf
Stormtroopers™ won't knock down your door
and take away your dice.

Savvy urban -Garou have gone out of their way
to learn what they can about the hunting habits of
vampires. Such information is useful not only for
hunting the Leeches when they get out of hand, but
also for avoiding useless confrontations, protecting
Kinfolk and simply knowing the enemy. Most urban
werewolves are aware that club districts offer an
ideal feeding ground for vampires, who can take
victims home with-a promise of sex, drugs or the
like.. The betteéer-informed Garou can even tell if

44 Book of the City

LEE Le ES LT TT 2 A

there aré particular places that spécific vampires are
known to hunt. (At the Storyteller's option, this
kind of knowledge can be gained by amassing mul-
tiple successes on a high-difficultry Occult or
Streetwise roll. Sabbat vampires and others who are
more cavalier about casually killing their victims
tend to be easier to find, and the difficulty may be
reduced for hunting down such monsters.)

There are few things that warm the blood of a
vampire, but one-of them is revenge. Because of
this, and the web of debts all vampires seem to have
between each other, a vampire will often seek re-
venge for some offense. Slay a master vampire's
"favored" spawn and the master may have the rest of
his "childer" seek out the Garou responsible and
exact awful revenge. A group of vampires armed
with silver bullets and knives is the least of their
problems. During the War of Chicago, a pack of
Garou returned.to a Kinfolk safehouse, only to find
all of the Kin dead, except for one, the youngest
daughter. The Leeches had turned her into one of
them and left her for the Garou to find. It is perhaps
the most heartbreaking duty any Garou must per-
form, to put down the animated corpse of a loved
one. On occasion, a softhearted cub has tried to
protect his undead relative (or worse, offspring),
but the danger is simply tos high. Even Kin kept
largely in the dark about the nature of Garou pos-
sesses some information about their relatives, even
if it's only a list of their cousins. Many vampires
have telepathic abilities, and even the most strong-
willed Kin cannot resist the dominating mind-pow-
ers of a master vampire. When exposed, Garou
protecting undead Kinfolk suffer massive losses of
honor, and all are forced to kill the Kin themselves.

OPM LAL CO CEfEOLIE

Vampires are not the only form of undead to
give Garou trouble. Around the same time the Red
Star Anthelios appeared in the Umbral sky, a disas-
ter in the realm of the dead led to massive numbers
of corpses crawling out of the ground on their own.
These newly risen zombies are the subject of much
spéculation among Garou mystics. and scholars.
Many believe that they are another sign that the
Apocalypse is nigh. Whatever the reason, they are
a problem to city-dwelling Garou. While the most
horrific of the walking dead create an effect much
like the Delirium, many do not. Additionally, due
to their single-mindedness, many act in ways that
threaten ‘to expose supernatural creatures to the
larger world. As such, while Garou don't make it a
priority to go zombie hunting, they tend to kill
zombies whenever discovered. For some septs,.el-


ders hand down "Days of the Dead" as
punishments for minor offenses by
packs or individual Garou. The pun-
ished werewolves must locate, hunt

and bring down a certain number of
zombies (generally proven by bring-
ing in left hands) before their "com-
lore about ghosts, Glass Walkers and
Bone Gnawers do have their share of
experience with restless dead. The
more people, the more dead people
andthus, the more wraiths. Addition-
ally, the more violent city lifestyles
generate more angry spirits. When
faced with a troublesome ghost, Garou
spirit to the physical world gets the
job done faster than solving whatever
umresolved issues keep the spirit
around, they do thar. Silent Striders
to the exception, most Garou con-
sider ghosts to be unnatural spirits,
only a step up from Banes. With that
im mind, a particular Bone Gnawer

munity service time" is deemed com- ~S
plete. Since the walking corpsesaren't
that common, a Day of the Dead can
often stretch over weeks or even
months, even in places where there
are enough lurching corpses to makea
Day of the Dead feasible.
Ghosts, generally lacking a physi-
cal presence to rend, prove a harder
problem for urban werewolves. While
tend to go for the quickest solution. If
caern in Pittsburgh is notable for the

Silent Striders possess quite a bit of
smashing the items that anchor the
spirit of a slain Kin that helps guard
the bawn. The word has spread to
other Gnawer packs, leading some to
search for ghosts, and offer them pro-

tection and support in return for their
services as watchers and spies.

PLYIGEDL

The magic baseball bat brigade?
Nobody really knows what their story is.
First year or so they were around, every-
one was pointing fingers every which
way. The vampires did it, but they kill
vampires. The wizards were behind it,

but then we heard tales of wizards getting
kacked too. They're Kami, or fomori or USS

45

D eeel WS

Drones or some kind of Wyld-spirit in human flesh, but
the Furies say that's not it either..So-here's what we do
know. They can sense us somehow, and we really don't
have any way of sensing them.:They have a hard-on for
killing all of the things that go bump in the night. They're
really determined. And here's the kicker: they're getting
better at it.

— Hawk; Glass Walker Ahroun

The imbued are néw arrivals in the World of
Darkness, but are learning the ropés quickly. Fortu-
nately for the Garou, imbued hunters aren't. as
interested in them as they are other supernatural
entities (such as vampires). In fact, it's rare that the
two groups cross paths, and most of the.time the
werewolves wind up convinced they had met fomori,
mages or simply strong-willed humans. However,
the increasing presence of the imbued has forced
some septs to be more careful in general. While the
average person knows better than to go into certain
areas after dark; hunters are known to collect such
urban folklore and ‘investigate it. This leads .to
investigations that threaten the Veil..This has led
some Ciarou to-crises of conscience. Many empa-
thize with the hunters, and point out that their
missions are not so dissimilar. Indeed, when hunters
target a Garou, it is generally because they did
something to provoke the hunt. To keep the Veil
intact, Garou can find themselves having to hunt
the hunters. Some young voices believe that the
Garou should reveal themselves to the hunters and
work together to fight common foes: Other voices
point out the growing number of Garou who have
fallen at the hands of hunters:. Additionally, few

hunters are willing to give Garou a chance to ex- ~

plain themselves. Though their unexplained super-
natural powers may give them.some small.advan-
tage, the fact of the matter is that even lone Garou
are so physically threatening that they cannot af-
ford to waste that one second when facing an en-
raged Crinos.

THe "Pops fa FfeKe

"Get up and run; dammit," barked Night-Eves,
looking over her shoulder.

Smashes-Steel shook his head and looked pointedly
down to his side.. His massive paw was all that held his
sliced intestines in. "Wound won't heal. Spider-bullet."
He could feel something gnawing at his.insides..He
looked down the dirty alley.."I am-alpha, and I order
you to go. Griffin's Red Song must know of this. Warn
the others."

46 Book of the Cify -

i ———— ———

Night-Evyes looked to hey alpha. Smashes-Steel could
almost hear the howl of sorrow being choked down.
"The black-spider-men will pay."

Smashes-Steel coughed, "Only if the sept shears
your tale. Go. Now!" /

Night-Evyes shrank down to Hispo form, so she
could go faster..She wanted so much to howl, but the
Weaver-spawn would hear.

Smashes-Steel watched her leave. If die, 1 doiton
four paws, he swore, and let himself collapse back to his
birth form.-He stood weakly.

The bright halogen headlights flooded the dank alley- ~

way. Srrashes-Steel heard the two men get out..Dark
suits like a spider's body. Dark glasses like a spider's eyes.
No smell at all, which bothered him more than the fact
that the one ori the left had been ‘disemboweled ten
minutes ago. They held guns, like most apes, but Smashes-
Steel knew these guns were something else entirely.
"Surrender," they said in harmony. Smashes-Steel
growled..Using his dying Rage, he ran towards the two.
He leaped at the one on the right.. The guns blazed.
Inthe distance, Night-Eyes howled for her lost
leader. The Men in Black turned to each other. A strand
of Weaver's web vibrated, telling them her position.
Had they emotions, they would have smiled.
Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5 (precise),
Stamina 5, Charisma 2; Manipulation 3; Appear-
ance 2, Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4;‘Com-
puter 5, Drive 4, Expression 3, Firearms 4, Investi-
gation 4, Law 4, Leadership 3, Linguistics 5, Sci-
ence 4, Stealth 3
Rage 0, Gnosis 4, Willpower 9 .
Health Levels: OK, -1, -1,.-1,.-2, -2, -5, I ncapaci-
tated (Note: when MIB are wounded, their impair-
ment doesn't come from pain dulling their actions,
it is from the physical damage itself impairing their
movements. .Storytellers should emphasize their
"robotic" matures when describing a MIB taking
damage.)
Drone Powers: Computer Link, Cybersenses, Gaunt-
let Passage, Memory Caress, Regeneration, Voice of
Reason: See Possessed or Book of the Weaver for
complete details. For those without either book, MIB
can: control computers by touching them, duplicate
the Glass Walker Gift, Step Sideways (though they
step sideways more easily the higher the Gauntlet),
duplicate the effects of the Delirium for purposes of
memory erasure, regenerate one Health Level/round,
and easily hypnotize people.

|


Sidearm: Treat as a Heavy Semi-Automatic Pistol
that does not run out of ammunition. When hunt-
ing shapeshifters, they have been known to carry
special clips of "Spider" bullets. These rounds do
aggravated damage.

Badge: Their special ID cards, when shown) to
mundane authorities, cause them to be treated as
higher-ranking authorities. Anyone from a local
policeman-to a five-star genéral will go along with
a Manin Black. These cards only work in the hands
of a Man in Black. The cards themselves appear to
be covered in a hypnotic, fractal pattern.

Image: The Men.in. Black are average (to the
point of blandness) looking men, dressed in black
suits and dark sunglasses. They speak in monotone,
without any inflection or accent. They remaincalm
and unemotional, even in the direst of situations. If
they can be said to express any emotion, it is their
feeling of superiority. Even when their arms have
been ripped off, they maintain thar; in the end,
their foes will fail.

re

Background: As far back as recorded history,
mysterious men in black accompanied tales of the
strange and unusual. In recent times, the story is
that they cover up supernatural occurrences .by
threats and intimidation. Some say that the Men in
Black are part of some larger counter-supernatural
conspiracy. However, the Men in Black Garou are
most familiar with stem from amore familiar source:
the Weaver. These MIB are Drones, humans trans-
formed by. Weaver spirits in-the way that Banes
change people into fomori

As with all Drones, they aré linked into a hive-
mind with other Drones and Weaver-spirits. When
enemies threaten the Patrern. Web, the Weaver
responds with~the Men..in.Black... Their job' is
twofold. First,.they stamp out the threats to the
Pattern Web. Generally, the MIB work in pairs,
though for larger threats (such as a pack of Garou),
larger teams assemble. They always assemble.in
powers of two. While a-tactical team of MIB
handles the physical (or spiritual) threat, others


Atay, relict aloe Mage?

Yeah; these guys aren't the agents of the
Technocracy. While some theorists call ‘the
science-based mages agents of the Weaver, they
aren't. Not really. The Technocrats, for better
or worse, are mages, a different sort of beast
entirely. For those of you who like to "cross the
streams," cross cosmologies and rules systems,
feel free, but these MIB aren't "those" MIB.
Who says there has to be just one set of MIB
anyway! Maybe there is a secret shadow war
between these two groups of black-suited agents
of stasis? (And guess which pack of Garou gets
caught in the crossfire?)

use their hypnotic abilities to calm any bystanders,
and convince them that any strangeriess they may
have witnessed had a rational explanation. Those
witnesses who do retain their memories often men-
tion that these Men In..Black themselves acted
somewhat strangely. Some say the MIB don't rec-
ognize simple objects, like forks or pencils..Orhers
say they seem to ignore pain, or speak in outdated
idioms. In large part, this is due to the static nature
of Drones-If a Drone uses-slang like "23 skidoo" it
is likely because when the Weaver created the
Drone, that was normal slang. . Drones do not age
(mor do they learn), and many have been around
for long periods of time... Between missions, they
live in stasis, generally ensconced in nests in the
Pattern Web. When needed, they emerge from
their nests, armed by Patrern Spiders with what-
ever arms and equipment they may need. As they
are part of the Weaver's hive mind, they do not
require briefings,.or planning. They simply know
what the problem is and what their mission is. If
the MIB can. be said to have a weakness, it is their
strict and logical patterns of thought and behav-
ior. Garou fighting Men vin Black should get in
touch with their Wyld. selves,-and constantly
change tactics. .—

Storytelling Notes: Men in Black are a large
part of conspiracy theory mythos. As such, adven-
tures featuring them should borrow from the tropes
of the genre. Use black helicopters. Have Kinfolk
show up with missing time and strange scars..Em-
phasize the strange and unusual in normal patterns
of behavior.

Fora ana fle CFG

Just as Garou themselves are rarely found ina
city, the other Fera are not. often found there.

48 Book of the City

OLE Le FS ET i I LL A

Certain of Gaia's-other breeds"aré almost nevér
found in alarge city, while ¢ertain ones are content
enough to spend their time there. Of the warious
Fera, the only ones with a significant presence in
urban areas are the Ananasi and the Ratkin. The
other shapechangers tend to keep away from Cities,
preferring their solitary wilderness homes: Lone
members of other breeds may enter the city, but
rarely do they consider it their home. They ‘see
cities much in the way most Garou do: asa place
they have to go, but would avoid if they could. Their
duties may lead them into-urban areas, because
that's where they have to go. With that in mind,
Fera often treat cities the way suburban commuters
do. They will work, play, meet, eat, study and do
business in cities, but their homes tend to be away
from the smog and other forces of pollution.

Only a few Fera make good characters for the
troupe ina city game; more often than not, the Fera
should provide an unexpected wild influence in the
city as Storyteller characters for Garou to encoun-
ter. In general there are a few ways to find a member
of one of the other Changing Breeds in. the city
when they might be unexpected:

* Lost Cubs: The other Fera are even less likely
than Garou to have Lost Cubs; as the other Breeds
themselves have smaller poptilations, breeding hab-
its are watched carefully, and they monitor their
descendants closely..Still, mistakes do happen, and
long-dormant mystic genetics occasionally express
themselves where least expected. The cliché here is
to have a Lost Cub born at the local zoo, but there
are other places such young might be born..Some
city residents illegally keep wild animals as pets,
particularly big cats, but they could just as well keep
a bear, alligator, large snake, or other creature.

* On A Mission From Gaia: It's relatively easy
to run. the city mouse/country mouse story with
Garou, but when the. Storyteller throws in the
inherent hostility between the Changing Breéds
the storyline takes on added depth. One of the Fera
might be in town on business or romantic reasons,
or reasons pertaining more closely to the supernatu-
ral—— perhaps pursuing another supernatural crea-
ture Or entity into town, monkeywrenching a-cor-
poration, or hunting for a spirit or a rite teacher.

* Conflict: One Changer or a-whole pack
might wander into rhe city specifically because of
conflicts with the Garou there. Perhaps the Garou
are descended from particularly heinous criminals
from the War of Rage and the anceéstor-spirits of the
Fera demand retribution, ot perhaps the Garou
themselves did something that the Fera finds objec-

|


tionable. The troupe's- pack doésn't need to be -at
the center of this conflict — if there is a large
enough Garou population in the city, the troupe's
pack might be called upon to act as mediators (or
defenders) between invading Fera and local Garou.

AKA LLE

Cities call

the werespiders. Their spider-
to preserve the b ce between

Ananasi Create Sylie, havens that connect them
tothe Umbta, and allow them to bettrerhear the call
of Queen Ananasa. Sylie tend to be extremely well
hidden and well protected on both sides of the
Gauntlet. However,.a determined hunter can dis-
cover a Sylie. In doing so, they have made a patient
and determined enemy.

In the "spies. watching spiés watching spies"
network of supernatural..agencies in. cities, the
Ananasi are the masters: Their ability to dissolve
into millions of tiny spiders gives them ‘opportuni-
ties like no other to spy on everyone else, opportu-
nities they are glad to take (as much as the cold-
blooded spiders can. feel gladness). Ananasi ap-
proach the Garou as they do everything else: as
tools in their missions to preserve the balance.
They sometimes act as contacts and resources to
city-based septs, often without the Garou knowing
the nature of their assistance. The spiders work
through intermediaries and other layers of protec-
tion... They do not fear the Garou, but they do
respect their strength, and would rather see that
strength. be used for something more productive
than squashing spiders.

Ina few, very rare cases, Fera (mostly those who
follow Queen Ananasa asa totem) will openly meet
and work with the Ananasi. However, these alli-
ances rarely last longer than a single mission. At
best, they may keep channels of communication
open. But. the unfeeling nature of the Ananasi
inevitably causés conflicts with the extremely pas-
sionate Fera.

ee ne ees nL EE SR: ee

A few Ananasi quickly come to an understand-
ing with urrah — they agree to feed city Garou
information about Weaver activity and other intel-
ligence they might pick up, and in return werewolves
leave them alone. Many Ananasi play a dangerous
game in the city, passing themselves off as members
of whatever group they need help from, whether it
is Leeches, servants of Gaia, or ordinary mortals.
Either they become very good at this, or they die.

BASES

No Bastet is cutre
Realm within.
interlopers,
a long peri
term plan,

swn to have its Den-

Eyes of Gaia eight be requited to be anywhere if
necessary, whether they like ir or not.

Corwe

Although not particularly urban creatures, many
weéreravens have adapted to life in the city as just
another way of being where the action is. Most
people would mistake a raven-form.Corax fora
large crow.It's not a mistake the Corax are proud of,
but it works.

The Corax bear no particular grudge against the
Garou, and rarely play the part of antagonist; to the

raven- -folk's minds, the War of Rage wasa long long
_ago, and there's no point blamin
for the deeds of their ancestors..S
as friendly contacts, f1
sengers of Gaia

=times
ing their
sing along
goings-on for
on is their stock
plenty of time in
Ll to any number of
's activities in town

interested parties
depend entirely

Chapter Two: The Grind 49

LL LP LT <I

|
t

the majority of Corax will spy on Gaia's enemies in
the city, and give or sell that information to Gaia's
allies, there or elsewhere.

Some Corax make excellent profilers, able to
second-guess an enemy's tactics or mindset with
great accuracy. reravens have had
a traditiona their beaks shut,
droppers in the

security
amajor dang
to be.

if she doe$n't mean

2s. Rarely
ther Fera,
drive them to
ncounter with a
m the mood of an

such. a task. It :
Gurahl would actua
urban ‘story, so use t

MDCK AE

Though most Mokolé dwell far from human

habitation —- in the darkest jungles.of South
America. and Africa.— popular legend makes it
tempting topla

In truth, only

mably, the Mokolé would pref.
actual rivers to sewer-dwelling (such as those of
Calcutta), but for those Storytellers who can't resist
some urban were-crocodiles, it's possible. The Garou
of those cities wouldn't have anything approaching
open and friendly relations with the Dragon Breed.
Bone Gnawers and other sewer-dwellers simply know
which.corners of the erground to avoid..That
means that they al re to lead enémies
who pursue them :
saved more tha

ae around downtow hi :

wn few Nagah
hunting outand
where they find i
of course, Nagah i
attention to themis

in the vast cities of India,
g the influence of the Wyrm

ian cities do little to call
other Fera

50 Book of the City

OLE Le LT DT, — iT ET TSS

who live inthe cities of India are almost entirely
unaware of the serpents in their midst. In the rest
of the world, however, the Nagah enter cities only
im search of thei rey; and leave soon afterward;
the death thé we behind is the only sign of
their passing

( tpass through a
might even be per-
: get try to trade or
sell thém s
city for lor:

athe

"Rule Oné, hotshot..Do not fuck with the Ratkin.
Rules Two through Ten are also: DO NOT FUCK
WITH THE RATKIN! They are stone cold crazy and
pissed off on a scale that you could see if you were
watching from orbit."

— Grandfather Spinner; Bone Gnawer Galliard

While the other Fera must work to adapt tothe
cities, the Ratkin thrive in urban settings. Largely
ses of the Garou, the Ratkin
he Fera, grows. While
wabers than before the
to their pre-War

remembering th
only a Ratkin can-sto
The Ratkin's hist

balance between,Weaver an
they used methdds from plague to eating humans'
food. In-modern times, they balance their tradi-
tional duties with a healthy dose of self-preserva-
tion. All Ratkin worth their tails will happily die for
their cause, but they rarely throw their lives away in
futile gestures. Human suicide bombers baffle even
the most hardcore Plague Lord... While they may
respect the impressive body counts, they also see
how such terror attacks solidify resistance amd give
even feuding parties a common enemy to destroy.


SN

Having faced-extinction once, they
have no desire to repeat the experi-
ence.

The Ratkin inténd to weather the
worst of the war burrowed into the
bowels of the greatest cities. of the
world, andcome out triumphantly into
the world that follows the Apoca-
lypse.. Certainly Ratkin elders realize
that entire cities will be destroyed in
the coming crucible, but they believe
that the only creatures certain to sur-
vive the conflagration are cockroaches
and rats —- surely Ratrkin nests in one
or two cities will survives Ratkin -in
cities trade with city Garou when they
think they are likely to come out

"ahead in the deal, but they
sce are almost never willing to
be pressed into service in
the Garou's quixotic war
against the Wyrm.

Riled

Rokea might spend

time in human

— form' down
mA

near the

docks of

large port cities, but those few Rokea

who crave huma qpanionship are

more likely to suitable compan-

WS

that land-dw era have that sort
of thing well in hand. The Rokea have
millions of cubic miles of ocean to
defend, after all.

PLEX COPLOP IONS

Most' Pentex "subsidiaries only
barely fall into the category of "super-
natural threats." There may be Wyrm-
cultists, Ferectoi or Black Spiral Danc-
ers in the boardrooms of Endron. or
O'Tolley's, but you. won't run into
such beasts at the local gas station or
burger hut. The supernatural taint thar
spreads through a subsidiary is a subtle
thing, and many local franchises: or
plants strengthen the Wyrm through
entirely mundane means. Such threats
are best dealt with not by extending

ed Ne

51


claws and leaving a blood-smeared trail of wreck-
age, but by careful information gathering, sabotage
and even legal action. Even urban werewolves find
these tactics to be a strain on their patience, bur the
rules of urban survival demand it.

OV ELE
"Finger lickin' good!"
— Severen, Near Dark

ricans sp<¢

ones that
thar it's
ter som

attention.
a franch
nanger decide
hey use cheap.

©'Tolley's practices environmental and -spiri-
tual destruction on a grand scale. Every piece of the
(scalding hot) pie is carefully considered to maxi-
mize the carnage they wreak. To start out, there's
the meat. While more than a few franchises have
been known to dispose of problems in the meat
grinders, that's the exception to the rule. The meat
(and meat byproducts) for the Family-Burgers is
usually actual cow. Of course, these cows are often
dairy cows that make poor meat. Some of the catrle
live their whole lives in barbaric "food factories"
where they never leave their "cell" or see the light
of day. Others come from Third World countries,
where grain that could be‘used to feed the hungry
populace is instead fed to cattle. This grows even
more staggering when one realizes it takes ten calo-
ries of grain fed to cattle to generate one calorie's
worth of meat. And that isn't even counting the hit
to the environment caused by clear-cutting
tainforests to provide grazing room for the Third
World cattle..All this, before the fillers and "flavor

enhancers" get thrown in the mix, arid then the

52 Book of the Cify

OL Es Ss ET PE A A

meat is chemically liquefied and then solidified
again into more convenient forms. After the "fresh"
(read "treated with chemicals and dyes") lettuce
and buns are added to the mix, you are left with a
high-fat, high-sodium, low-fiber, largely water nu-
tritional nightmare that has as much food value as
the. paper it's wrapped in... (Editorial note: The
derails of the -O'Tolley's burger have been only

ployees as little-as the y'car possibly "get

aste.
levied on the

iderable. They a
gto be a "fam
level best

olley and his

colored and air-conditioned
learn not to pay attention to th g
considering the quality), but instead to the toys that
come with the food. Trips to O'Tolley's aren't about
sharing a meal and the day's experiences, they are
about completing a collection of cheap toys and
jumping around in. a smelly tub-of plastic. balls.
Though the ©'Tolley's Family Meals rarely contain
W/yrm-taint in measurable amounts, by sheer vol-
ume, many fast-food addicts undergo a change simi-
lar to the goblins created by playing Black Dog
Games (see Subsidiaries: A Guide to Pentex). This
change occurs even more rapidly in the poor souls
that work there.

Even without the risk of becoming a burgerman,
employment at ©O'Tolley's is dangerous. The condi-
tions barely meet meager government safety stan-
dards and payoffs are always easier than compli-
ance. ©'Tolley's pays minimum wage with no ben-
efits to their workers,.and spends large~sums of
money in Washington lobbying to keep that wage
as low-as possible... The assembly line nature of


Se see es en ne EE ee

Like. the goblins, the transformation from
human to burgerman is nowhere near as dramatic
as becoming a full-blown fomori. Their powers
rarely provide the poor slobs with any sort of edge
when facing a Crinos Garou, but they can make
small amounts of trouble, especially for Kinfolk
investigating a franchise for their cousins..( And
yes, burgermen are meant to be a fairly amusing,
black comic relief sort of fomor..Use them only if
you don't think they'll permanently damage your
chronicle's mood —— of if

© Blasé: The lack of
at O'Tolley's erodes the w
Their Willpower score drops
per month... When their W.
they become almost drone
ing through the motions of€

that they become next to
date or scare. An entire pack of s
Talons can burst into .a franchise,
employee will ask if they want fri

of ©O'Tolley's food is the toy that com
meals..The higher-ups at Pentex Centr
cross-market other Pentex,intellecry
ties, such as Actidn Bi

the cheapest knock-off pieces of junk plastic
Avalon Incorporated make. However, the plastic
slurry used to create the toys is oftem the cast-offs
from other, more sinister products. One common
side effect of the toys is mild high; caused by
exposure to large numbers of these gewgaws. Only
by collecting more and more of these cheap play-
things can the collector achieve the high: The
cravings can become so intense that the addicr
can snap if denied the latest part of the "Braney
Fun Pals" set. This effect is more pronounced in
children. A ten-year old child in Paris, TN mur-
dered his parents with a sharpened spork after his
mother accidentally threw away his Action Bill
collector's -glasses... After this -incident, Pentex
Internal Affairs investigated and began a program
of creating special "rare" toys in each line. These
toys are 50% more likely to carry the collector
effect. The sirnple desire for a complete set starts
the burgermen on their dark road, but the special
toys help ensure them becoming return custom-

Burgerrccn

ers. And of course, as an added bonus, they buy
more burgers, which may leads to other addic-
tions.
© Hot Hands: Working the grills and deep
fryers inevitably leads to burns. After enough
exposure to the tainted grease used by ©'Tolley's,
the burgerman learns to simply shut off his pain
receptors... While hi body feels (and shows) the
effects of burns german doesn't register
the pain. As su: amage done to them by
mowed nalties to their dice
that, im order to feel
ly take scalding hot
e@ hot coffee. Following a
‘Tolley's now make a con-
s they can) to keep their
wf scalding hot beverages to

After spénding years (and
hoveling down ©'T olley's
urgerman gains immunity
Later, as his digestive tract
nd power, he.is able to eat
ers, the napkins, the bags,
eo ny burgermen with
ley's kitchens, eat-
d of the day.-After
their "insides,-they develop
"strange" crav and desires. While O'Tolley's
rarely serves an to humans, there -are the
occasional perk handed out to lifetime employ-
ees and special customers.

° The Smell: Working the grills causes the
poor saps stuck in O'Tolley's kitchens to end the
day covered in the smell of grease..It becomes
next to impossible to get this smell out of their
hair, clothes and skin. Eventually; the burgerman
gives up. This makes him much easier to pick out
ofacrowd (-2 difficulty to track him by scent, and
only a botch. prevents anyone from noticing the
smell)... Additionally, this foul scent makes him
equally unappetizing. Any successful bite attacks
made. against a burgerman with The Smell re-
quires the attacker to make a Willpower roll
(difficulty 7) or spend the next round gaggingand
spitting, trying to get the taste out of her mouth.
Occasionally, on a botch, the attacker finds her-
self with strange cravings for O'Tolley's food.

Chapter Two: The Grind

a TY CIN

53

©'Tolley's means that the workers learn no market-
able or transferable skills, all in the name of ensur-
ing that a FamilyBurger in Maine tastes just as awful
as one in California. The lack of skills necessary to
operate the Fry-A-Lator or the cash register (con-
veniently labeled by pictures of the food so even a
sub-literate moron can operate it) makes these
©'Jobs ideal for teenage workers. O'Tolley's claims
that close to 10% of the American workforce get its
first job with them. While the pay is great for a
teenager living at home with their parents, it's not
a living wage. But, unlike other jobs, working at
O'Tolley's doesn't train workers for better jobs
down the line. While many workers escape the
©'Tolley's trap, the slick employee-management
campaign indoctrinates the easily manipulated into
thinking they're all one big O' Tolleys Family. They
happily work double shifts, because it's for "The
Family." Unions are discouraged by threats of firing
and physical violence. Public dissent against
O'Tolley's is quickly squelched by lawsuits and
shouted down by a marketing juggernaut that makes
sure that the Family Place's reputation is cleaner
than their floors.

AYE /fatver CORT UCIFCr
FL Quality Fst gers

Topic: Construction Phasing and Final
Punch-List

>> Final utility coordination to be performed by
22.32.9921 without fail. OWNER notes that phase I
of the Paindome Physical Plant project contained many
errors and mismatches between civil and MEP services.
OWNER further notes that pipe penetrations through
firewalls in the previous project were sealed with the
quivering bodies of the civil and MEP engineers. MEP
and CIVIL agree to meet the schedule.

— Andy Solberg, Talk.bizarre

In the grand plans of Pentex, there is one small
corporation that remains unappreciated by most of
the higher ups in the company. This company
doesn't get the "sexy" jobs like destroying the envi-
ronment, unearthing ancient Wyrm entities, or
turning Kinfolk children into serial killers. But,
without the hard work and good, old-fashioned
craftsmanship of Safe Haven Construction, none of
the other faces of Pentex could get their work done.

Weed a chemical processing plant with secret
sub-levels for obscene rites, complete with Level 5-
biohazard containment? No problem! How about a
chip-manufacturing complex that must have cart
paths arranged to mirror runes in the Pretanic Keys?
Can do! Having problems with the runoff from the

54 Book of the City

/ a LL

abattoir in the Hive? SHC has plans ready for
construction, with runoff valves guaranteed never
to clog, or you can flay the architect!

While far from the top of the Pentex heap, the
word around the cooler is that if you need some-
thing done, and done right, go to SHC. Many of the
heads of the Pentex hydra dedicate themselves do
doing one thing, and doing it in the worst possible
way. They use inefficient nets to catch dolphins
with the tuna. They create violent role-playing
games that induce idiot players to kill themselves
(or better, hated and envied rivals who aren't part
of the customer-base). They use ten times as many
resources as needed, just because part of the mission
statement is to be wasteful. While cutting corners
in safety standards and the fomori HMO save the
company large sums of money, that very ineffi-
ciency is a weakness that costs them money and
resources. Not so with SHC. What they build is
buile to last (unless it's supposed to fall apart, in
which case, it does so on cue). It may ignore every
safety regulation known to man (and other, less
careful, species), but it will be built on time, on spec
and, most importantly, on budget.

Now of course, SHC isn't an overt pit of Wyrm-
ridden architects and the like; most of the workers,
managers and other employees are simply the usual
sort of quiet, unobtrusive, I-don't-care-what-com-
pany-policy-is-as-long-as-I-get-paid folks that com-
panies love to hire. But as with most Pentex subsid-
iaries, it's upper management where you find the
real story about the company's true goals.

CEO Eric Anderson started out designing
plumbing systems for a New York City construction
firm. After impressing a local crime-boss by his
design of a safe house, the family rewarded him by
putting him in charge of a front of theirs. His job
was twofold. First, to launder the family's money
and secondly, to design the homes of prominent
family members (complete with the special "extras"
they required). His work drew such attention in
underworld circles that soon, another sort of under-
world noticed him.

Anderson became the employee of a wealthy
New Jersey Leech who was facing difficulties with
a subterranean faction of vampires. Anderson's
expertise with building design made the vampire's
lair one of the most secure in America. Anderson
profited, and his construction company, Safe Ha-
ven, grew wealthier. Soon, his firm had built over
twenty individual havens, and three group havens.
When hunters slew the vampire (away from his
haven, mind you), Anderson was, briefly, free.


Pentex Division Director Ben Rushing, always in
the lookout for new blood, approached him and
made him an offer to join the Pentex family. Prior
to the acquisition, Pentex facilities were notorious
for their shoddy craftsmanship... While certainly
fitting with the highest-level Pentex mission state-
ments, it added an undesired level of chaos in the
workplace.

Prior to the acquisition of Safe Haven,~the
majority of Pentex's building contracts went to Hi-
Quality Builders; a-shell company directly con-
trolled by Pentex itself. Unlike the dark profession-
alism of SHC, HOB used inferior materials and
employed a-workforce of miscreants unlikely to get
jobs anywhere else (and therefore willing to work
for exceptionally low wages)..Chris Tapiador, the
manager of HOB, had a reputation as a habitual risk
and, if not for his ruthlessness behirid the scenes,
would have likely been chum -for the fomori vats:
After Safe Haven's entrance into the Pentex com-
munity, Tapiador arranged for no less than three
contracts on Andeérson's life. However, Anderson
had long been a player in the bitter and bloody wars
that went on- between vampires. He survived the
attempts, and solved the dispute with.a novel ap-
proach: anew business model.

In the past, H@B had only contracted out -for
specific. Pentex building projects: With the new
model, SHC took over the Pentex construction
jobs, and, in return, HOB branched out into the
home construction-arena..Using Anderson's con-
tacts and Tapiador's vast slush fund, HOB bought
large tracts of suburban land. Using innocuous names
like "Plantation Creek," HOB builds what,.on the
surface, appear to be good, low-cost housing, per-
fect for up-and-coming suburbanites hoping to es-
cape the crime-infested cities. However, the HOB-
built homes never seem to match the splendor of
the model homes.-(This. comes .as no surprise,.as
SHC crews build the models, and the HOB crews
build the actual homes.)

Not only are these homes built on shaky foun-
dations with cheap materials, but a-small but sig-
nificant fraction of the houses comes with a special
"welcoming present": a Bane. These spirits grow fat
on the frustration of the occupants, who learn far
too quickly that their dream houses are more akin to
nightmares. One section of tile cracks,.and the
owners learn that the make was discontinued and is
impossible to match. The warranty covers cracks
due to settling, but only ones above a certain,
ridiculously large size. Toilets back up. Pipes burst
at the first freeze. And the owners' rage and frustra-

ee

tion feeds the Banes. In a few cases, the Banes
decide to inhabit their tenants, prodding them to
snap and kill their neighbors.

In a bit of cross marketing, these subdivisions
often come with many other familiar names in the
surrounding area. Fast-food .restaurants are
O'Tolley's. Herricks owns the corner markets, and
fills them with Young and Smith products. The
local.gas station is, naturally, under the Endron
label. Many higher ups watch these "planned com-
munities" with great interest. While the sheer
magnitude of Wyrm-taint is sure to attract un-
wanted attention, the scale on which these c¢or-
rupting communities affect: the immediate and
surrounding locales makes them very interesting
to management. Although they make easy targets,
the large numbers of innocent bystanders makes
them difficult-to stop by frenzied assaults. Envi-
ronmental-impact lawsuits take time and money,

hich. Pentex has plenty.

é the Wyrm, the Weaver h
atar to do its bidding
schaos, and mus
it wishes.to by

no need tro
ter of fact,

ig £
by humans with stron:
idea of the spiritual effect their businesses have on
people. The frightening thing is that the hierarchy
of Weaver-spirits probably never gave a direct order
to create a single one of these establishments ——
they merely fell into step as needed.

Np LPIA LIOL CPA COPE

"So, what seems to be the problem with this little
man?"

"Doctor, it's hard to say, exactly. He's not showing
any real symptoms.-He's attentive. Hell, he's better
behaved than he was six months ago."

Chapter Two: The Grind 55

a ES TE EI


"I do remember a little monkey climbing on the
sink."

"Exactly. He doesn't do that anymore. He just
doesn't seem interested in much of anything. He doesn't
explore like he used to. He still colors and plays with his
airplanes. But he doesn't show interest in anything new.
He's almost listless. Maybe it's Epstein-Barre?"

"Well, let me be the doctor here, .Mrs..Goldberg.
Have there been any major changes at horne?"

"He started day-care last month."

"Oh, that's probably it..He's just adjusting to the
new situation. Aren't you, Jimmy?"

"Yes, Lam Doctor Greenfield. That is what I told
Mother."

Aunt Charlotte's-Child Care provides reason-
ably priced day-care for working parents. With the
current state of the economy, most families tely on
both patents working to support the family: How-
ever, affordable day care for infants and toddlers is
difficult to find. Aunt Charlotte's has franchises
across the country, and more opening every day.
The caregivers have excellent training and the
screening process is rigorous. Parenting magazines
regularly trumpet the successes Aunt Charlotte's
has had, even with "problem children," including a
drop in cases of Attention Deficit: Hyperactivity
Disorder. A line of toys and books is available in
most department stores... While none too popular
with children, parents find them irresistible.

All it really costs is childhood itself. Nowhere
but in children does one find the spark of the Wyld
burning so brightly in humans. While not as abrupt
as outright possession, the procedures used by Aunt
Charlotte's dull the Wyld side of children. .Par-
ents,-often sleep-deprived and frazzled, enjoy the
changes the Aunt Charlotte's Method brings about
in their kids. They are more attentive. They sleep
and eat on aregular schedule. They behave better.
They tend to perform well in school. And yet, ina
quiet moment, these parents. wonder why they
don't laugh as much.

In mechanical terms, these children are not
Drones. They register within the human range when
the Gift: Detect Weaver is used on them. However,
one change .is noticeable: Kinfolk-children: lose
their "Kinfolk-ness." They lose that connection to
Gaia- In fact, should a future Garou be raised in
Aunt Charlotte's Child Care, they will never expe-
rience their First Change..Every three months a
Garou or Kinfolk child spends in their care, they
lose a point of Pure Breed. Once all of their Pure

56 Book of the City

OLE LE Ps LT PL AL

Breed is gone, Garou lose the wolf, and Kinfolk
become normal humans.

Peat Poros

"Hi honey, I'm home.-"

"That's nice dear, how was your day?"

"Nice What's for dinner?"

‘Ie's Thursday, soit must be meatloaf."

"OF course."

"Of courses Would you like to see the ‘sweater I
knitted for you?"

"Yes dear, that would be nice.'

Pleasant. Homes Planned Communities are
sprouting up across America. These gated commu-
nities with strict landowner covenants are famous
for being clean, safe and good places to raise a
family..The ads always show immaculate lawns,
tasteful layouts, stylish furniture and contented
families..Indeed, demographic analyses of these
subdivisions show that the families that live there
tend to be more productive at work, do better in
school, and live longer, healthier lives. Some critics
say that these planned communities are elitist and
that the landowner covenants are too restrictive.
Members can even be evicted for not following the
covenants or failing to pay dues. All pets, regardless
of size, are forbidden: However, in unsafe times, the
call of suburban safery sounds louder than the desire
for personal expression. Anyway, to afford the high
mortgage and property taxes, both parents end up
working long hours and spending a lot of time in the
car, commuting from. suburbia. to downtown, so
they rarely have time to spend gardening.

When. all is-said and done, Pleasant Homes
residents are ‘content. They become more fo-
cused, and slip into the routine of work. Leisure
activities center on the planned golf courses or
group activities. Parents find themselves actually
able to trust their neighbors, and let their chil-
dren play in the streets. Indeed, all of the rough
corners in their lives seem to just smooth over, so
long as they listen to the beat of the Weaver
thrumming through the dappled lanes. Pleasant
Homes communities are crawling with Weaver
spirits dedicated to making sure that those who
live in their webs fit inand conform. Pesky details
like individuality melt away. While living there
is not a guaranteed ticket to becoming a drone,
these: neighborhoods do seem to be breeding
grounds for the Weaver's human servants.

'


SS ener pases nen cnr it tas ckSS  s

Coat SIEGEL

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7, Essence 17

Charms: Calcify, Conformity, Domain
Sense, Drain Gnosis

Conformity: .Like the Bane Charm: Cor-
ruption (Werewolf, p..239), the covenant spi-
ders use this Charm to ensuré that all who live
in their domain obey the rules and conform.
Generally, these suggestions are simple ones,
like cleaning up the lawn, or making sure that
the hedges are all uniformly cut. However, when
certain individuals show resistance to the sug-
gestions made by the covenant spiders, they
have been known to incite others in the com-
munity against the "rebel." This usually leads to
social ostracism, but has on rare occasion led to
violence.

Background: Covenant spiders exist to en-
sure conformity among humans who live in the
Pattern Web. They make sure that people leave
for work at the exact same time every day. They
tell the inhabitants to conform to the commu-
nity standards,-and blend in. Covenant spiders
are all identical, and appear to be largely
unthreatening creatures: of porcelain, unless
some person (or Garou) threatens the stability
of their nest. Then, they become savage and
attack (or incite others to do so)...

merchandising. The Star-Mart takes thos

anything can be bought for an affordable price.
Star-Mart is the brainchild of Walter Starr, a
Kentucky businessman who, according to his biog-
raphy, Vision of the Stars, got the idea in a dream.
He built the first Star-Mart outside of Louisville in
1997, with the help of a-group of well-connected
investors who provided him with all of the support
(financial-and otherwise) that he-méeded. The

o the next level, a singular location where-

merchandize was not high quality, but the price
was right. Being able to buy a car, fill ic up with
groceries and drive it home (an initial marketing
campaign) made it enough ofa newsworthy attrac-
tion to draw national attention. People came in
from all over the country to see the thousand and
one services available at "the Big Star": from photo
studios to dog grooming.

Star-Marts began popping up all over the coun-
try; each of chem personally opened by Mr. Starr.
His personable ways and folksy good-humor always
seemed to drown out the complaints that began
cropping up about Star-Mart business practices.
Firstly, Star-Marts, with the national distribution
network and macro-scale business model, quickly
drove neighboring small businesses to ruin. While
the corner Mom-and-Pop craft shop may have had
a- better selection than the "craft aisle" at Star-
Mart, Star-Mart's prices were cheaper, and custom-
ers could get their hair cut while they were there.
Unable to compete with a Fortune 500 powerhouse,
the storeowners often lost their businesses and ended
up working as minimum-wage employees of Star-
Mart itself. A second problem with the enormous
Star-Marts is the vast arnounts of land necessary to
house the mega-stores. Enormous chunks of unde-
veloped land get clear-cut and paved over. Roads
big enough for the familiar red, white .and blue
trucks require more highway expansion and cause
traffic snarls in the area.

But if that were all there was to it, Star-Mart
would be just another e ous retail chain out to
crush the competition. S€ has an adwantage
over the competition: th
connected inve

shame. Every Star-Mart is the same,
down to tHe blueprints. They sell the same products
in Maine and Nevada, providing a uniform supply
of retail goods and services to the public. Although
the selection is lacking, the breadth of services
keeps customers coming back. In today's fast-paced
climate, most find it hard to resist the true ultimate
in "one-stop shopping." With this, other merchants
falter and even the loyal customers end up at a Star-
Mart. The company's profits rise, and it is able to
build more Star-Marts.

Chapter Two: The Grind 57

—— EP EY LS


The Umbral neighborhood in Star-Marts is
crawling with Pattern Spiders and thickly encrusted
with the Patrern Web, so much that it almost bleeds
through. Customers tend to follow the thick strands,
going up and down every single aisle, even when
they came for just one specific item. They rarely
purchase just that, however. It always seems that
there's the new (family-safe) CD by the bland pop
artist or atoilet bowl cleaner the customer happens
to need. There is, however, one very useful trait to
the Pattern Webs of a Star-Mart: they are all con-
nected. At special points in the store's Umbral
environment, enterprising explorers can find what
are being dubbed "Moon-Strands," special strands
of the Pattern Web that act like Moon-Bridges.
These Moon-Strands allow instantaneous travel
between Star-Marts, and with Star-Marts all over
North America (and soon opening worldwide), this
can prove useful. However, these strands are not
easily found or exploited. Guardian and Rail Spi-
ders (see Book of the Weaver), guard these loci,
and must be appeased before travel. It is not recom-
mended that the spirits be overpowered for travel,
as the Weaver spirits on the other end will immedi-
ately know of the attack and be ready to register
their complaints. These Moon-Strands are becom-
ing more numerous, leading to an unnerving theory
among some Glass Walker Theurges: these stores
are all becoming one, a singular point in space.
Already, a few shoppers have noticed a "sameness"
in the salespeople and customers — seeing the same
person working the cash register in multiple stores,
sometimes all the way across the country. Maybe it's
just a coincidence, but many late nights around the
caern, Theurges wonder what would happen if many
physical places collapsed into one. Theories range
from "nothing in particular" to the spiritual equiva-
lent of nuclear fusion.

Ly Consyers

Not all of the threats to Garou in cities come
from the large, recognized enemies. Not everything
traces back to big bad Pentex. Indeed, the chaotic
nature of the Wyrm itself leads to a lack of coopera-
tion among its servants. Here is a selection of
individual threats for Garou to face while in the
concrete jungle.

Lig Fad Tage

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4,
Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Stealth 4
Willpower: 2

Health Levels: OK, -1, -2, -5, Incapacitated

58 Book of the City

OLE Le Ts LT LT iim 7.

Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6, Essence 16

Charms: Calcify, Craft Merchandise, Do-
main Sense, Information Link

Craft Merchandise: At the cost of two
points of essence, Starlight Spiders can reshape
items in the back rooms from one type to an-
other. (As the Homid Gift: Reshape Object,
but with consumer goods.)

Background: Starlight Spiders are special-
ized spider-spirits that live in the Umbra of
Star-Mart locations. Their job is to ensure cus-
tomers can always find what they need. They
resemble Pattern Spiders, but appear decked
out in the red, white and blue outfits Star-Mart
workers wear. Many. workers subconsciously
know that, if-a customer is in need of a certain
out-of-stock item, they can search in certain
corners of the storerooms and find just what
they need. That is not to say that the Spiders
can create any specific thing, but that can get
the type of item in question. Say that a cus-
tomer wants a pair of pants that are a certain size
and style. The Starlights will take a coat in
storage and transform it into a pair of pants that
will fic, but won't necessarily be the "right"
color. The items found will always be func-
tional, if not fashionable.

Attacks: Bite (Strength +1), claw (Strength -1).
Some BBRs are the result of exposure to Wyrm-
tainted materials and their attacks do aggravated
damage.

Image: These things are essentially the biggest,
meanest, nastiest sewer rats this side of a Ratkin in
Rodens —- which they outmuscle. They're the size
of small dogs, and seem unnaturally intelligent.

Background: Big Bad Rats come from numer-
ous sources. Some have drunk vampire blood and
grown strong on it. Others are mutations, caused by
exposure to foul roxins (supernatural and biochemi-
cal). Still others are just the top of the food chain in
the deepest, darkest pits under cities. No matter the
origin, some of them occasionally make their way
up into the surface world. Perhaps they got lost,
they're hunting for food, or they're looking for a
suitable mate. No matter the reason, when a pack of
BBRs come to the surface, it's not good. One major
problem with the BBRs is the differences of opinion
on how to deal with them. Ratkin rewere them, and
do their best to court them as mates. Bone Gnawers


Ne ee

also'try to protect them, either leading
them back into their undercities or help-
ing them find whatever it is they sur-
faced to find. This puts them at odds
with other Garou, who see the BBRs as
a threat to their protectorates and Kin.
Storytelling Notes: The arrival ofa
Big Bad Rat always leads to conflicts.
Tribes split as to how to help or hinder
these beasts.. Tense relations between
Tribes have boiled into open' warfare,
with Garou fighting Garou (or Garou
fighting Ratkin). Player character packs
may find themselves having to. choose
sides or try to broker a peace.

OBE CAPO

Breed: Homid

Faction: Hatrar

Aspect: Agere (Myrmidon)

Physical: Strength 3 (6/7/O), Dex-
mB, terity 2 (5/4/8), Stamina 4 (6/7/0)
Social: Charisma. 4,°Manipula-
tion 3 (2/0/00), Appearance 2 (1/
0/0)

Mental:--Perception 3, Intelli-
gence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Alertness 2,

va Athletics 2, Dodge 3,
[ee Intimidation 1,
roc Primal-Urge 3,

Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Craft 5,
ca Drive 2, Science 4 (chemis-
ry try), Stealth 4, Survival 3
Knowledges: Computer 2,
Occult 2, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2,

Contacts 3, Fylfot 2, Re-
sources 2

‘A Gifts: -(1) Balance,

a ch Open Seal,- Resist

Pain, Resist Toxin,

Web Haven; (2) Si-

lencing Webs, True
Fear; (3) Bug Lord, Weak
Arm, Pulse of the Invisible
Rank: 3
Blood Pool: .10;. Gnosis: 4; Will-
power: 7
Rites: Guardians, Rite of Spinning

59

-—— =,

|

[For those without the Changing Breed Book
Ananasi, here is a summary of the Gifts and rites
that are dissimilar to Garou Gifts. Blood of Illusion:
Poisonous bite induces hallucinations..Bug Lord:
Summons a swarm.of insects that can follow simple
commands. Silencing Webs: Generates of webbing
that can cover the target's mouth... Web: Haven:
creates a web, extending into the Umbrathat acts as
an alarm system. Guardians: Allows the Ananasi to
animate the corpses of their victims to defend their
Sylie.. Rite mning: Creates agGylic,.a place
ican easily step $

er Ananasi

sunglasses, and is rarely seen without a cigarette. He
speaks with, a thick,.Texan drawl, which generally
leads people to believe he is an idiot.

Background: The Catcher started life as Rusty
K. Grinnell in Huntsville, Texas. He was skinny,
unpopular and more than a little weird. He didn't
like the mandatory pastimes of football and beer:
What he did like was killing bugs. Oh, his parents
tried to get him to go hunting with the rest of the
family, but he never cared for it. Where was the
challenge with a gun? Any idiot can-shoot a-deer.
Once, he made a trap out of barbed wire, but his
father beat him and called hima "freak sissy-boy"
for being "afraid of guns." After high school, Rusty
worked for a local exterminator, and discovered his
talent for it: He quickly became "The Vermin Slayer
of Huntsville." At first, he used the traditional
chemicals of the trade, but found it "lacked style"
and constructed elaborate mechanisms out of scrap
he found in junkyards.

Then, his true nature emerged. He was a maker
of traps, aspinner of webs, and an assassin for Queen
Ananasa. He quickly developed a second career: as
akiller for hire. He silently slips into his target's life,
maintaining his pretense of being a hick bug-killer.
He scouts out his target, catches them, and kills
them. He prefers to construct elaborate traps, made
of equal parts supernatural webbing and machinery
made out of junk..Once the target is caught, he
moves in for a quick, bloodless kill.

60 Book of the City

iain IT

As part of his-calling, he will take on assign-
ménts against all sorts of targets. His reputation has
spread among the movers and shakers of society,
and those who need difficult targets eliminated
(including Pentex officials or vampires) frequently
call him. Of course, he also' has been ‘known to
refuse assignments. (or do others for free) at the
request of his spider-queen.

Storytelling Notes: The Catcher sees himself
as the ultimate predator. While he keeps the facade
of being a hick exterminator from the Texas hill
country, he is always watching and planning his
next move. He likes to use his identity as an exter-
minator as cover to scout locations and blend into
the background..His easy charm.disarms people,
and then it's too late.

CILCAAS :
(aAnritlidl / titoandg ttadergerownd Miockertar)

Attributes: Strength 4+, Dexterity 3; Stamina .4,
Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance O, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Crate 4,
Intimidation 4, Melee 2, Primal-Urge 2, Stealth 4
Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, +-1,-1, 41, +2, -5; Incapacitated
Powers: Immunity to the Delirium

Image: CHUMs are bestial subhumans, dressed
in rags (if anything). Under the layers of filth, their
skins are pale from being constantly underground.
They speak in achattering, guttural language. Some
Garou have noticed a vague similarity to the Pictish
dialect spoken by Black Spiral Dancers.

Background: Every society has its outcasts.-In.
modern times, they're called "homeless" (or worse).
But.even below that untouchable caste, there is a
lower rung. Unable evento deal with the most basic
parts ofhurman society, these mad creatures migrate
farther and farther down. Eventually, some of them
encounter the things that make their homes be-
neath the earth. There are only so many of them
that can be used for sacrifices, breeding stock or
meals —_ the rest are sometimes kept as pets or set
loose to wander in the dark places. Out of necessity,
these feral humans form loose packs, living where
no sane man would go, and rising up occasionally to
find food or mates. (In tough times, they eat each
other.) Bone Gnawers used to take pity on them,
until one too many Kinfolk got eaten. Ratkin think
they're hysterical and try to lead them (like rats in
a maze) up to the surface to cause havoc.

Storytelling Notes: Despite the somewhat flip-
pant mame, these creatures can be used to good

|


effect to play off the eternal fear of cannibalism, or
as a modern equivalent to classic: ghoul stories.
Individual CHUMs -are no match for a:Garou.
However, they know their subterranean lairs better
than anyone (or anything) else. Their major advan-
tage is that Garou, assured of their own superiority,
are likely to underestimate them.

Peet

"The one with the woman with the spiders in her hair?"

"Did it."

"Fow about the havinted house that had réal cadav-
ers as props?"

"Three Halloweens ag

"AIDS-infected need,

"Used some goo I
but yeah."

"Well, damn, d
without headlights,

8

as the Freakers.. Fo
other tale
These stori
usually with s
like "sex is ba

a creative way ‘co make trouble de
tales were instructions for them. T
pack, Dot Bomb, believes that

By taking:
then dispro
can make rhe

from Sykora, the Urge of Paran
legends that were once believed
by skeptics, she believes thats
already scared and uneasy denizen
Darkness even more paranoid.

literate (except.T' Lexlon), and spend most of
their free time surfing the web for the best legend
to make real. They started with the easy ones, like
the Man with the Hook on Lover's Lane. Once
they knocked out the ones that were easily accom-
plished by simple slaughter and mayhem, they
started to get creative. They put venomous snakes
in the ball-pits at fast-food restaurants. They let
alligators loose in city sewers. They poiséned Hal-
loween candy. To this day, they travel from city to
city, spreading paranoia and fear.

ee

The Freakers are:

¢ Dot Bomb (Rank 3 homid Black: Spiral
Dancer Galliard): For a Black Spiral, Dot is very
techno-savvy. However, any and all "Glass Walker"
jokes are met with a swift claw to the genitals.
While mad (in an obsessive/compulsion fashion),
she is quite focused and linear for a Spiral. Her
biggest probleiis,is that they've done most of the
really cool urba "legends, and are starting to re-
variations on a theme. She
ykora's displeasure with
ad then enacting it is
2ent events have led to
itis somewhat more

writes email viruses
ps, picking flame wars.
ain. Flowever, that does not
in outrageous, revealing

s Black Spiral Dancer
that he is the Wyrm's
*s not choosy). He has
leoks (especially con-
a gift of gab. His
il. Splat claims this
make up for his...
d the ground with
t. lf they need to
» where the

members of the Freakers. Splat claims to be part
oyote, but frankly, nobody cares. However, he isa
talented burglar, and does most of the breaking-
and-entering needed to set up their elaborate
schemes. Splat's other role is T'Lex's "kéeper." He
is the only one strong enough to hold onto his chain
when T'Lex is in full rage, and fast enough to keep
up with him when T'Lex does break free.

¢ T'Lexlon (Rank 2 metis Black Spiral Dancer
Ahroun). T'Lex (as the others call him) is a hope-
lessly retarded warrior, whose only real use to the
team is that he provides them with much needed
muscle. Most of the time, the Freakers keep him
chained up at whatever dump they are using as a
headquarters. He's likely to wander off and cause
massive amounts of carnage unless they do this. He

Chapter Two: The Grind 61

aa LT


Ue Cad

eZ. a-\

doesn't mind; and happily watches trashy talk shows
while shackled. When they take him into the field
Che loves being "Hook Guy"), Splat keeps him ona
retractable leash. Rumor around the Hive is that
he's Dot's cousin, but nobody is willing to ask Dot
and Spiral lineage from that particular Hive is hard
to establish either way.

© Steve: Steve is the unofficial fifth member
of the Freakers. He is Kinfolk and a budding fomori
after accompanying the Freakers down into a "no-
Kin" level of a Hive. Steve is Simlac's half-brother.
Simlac initially convinced Dot. to-bring: Steve
along to do all the scutwork for the pack... He was
to-drive the van, steal supplies, bury bodies, ete.
However, all of the Freakers were impressed with
Steve's imagination and mechanical abilities. He
builds most of the elaborate devices and gadgets
that the pack uses in their escapades.. He has even
suggested a few plans (and only been thrashed for
it once or twice). After their years together, Steve
is considered an honorary member of the pack, "a

62 Book of the City

LEE Ts AY iy A a

sidekick." Steve is tall and stocky, with big beefy
hands that can perform amazingly delicate techni-
cal-work. Steve's growing mutation is the Eyes of
the Wyrm, which he usually keeps covered with
large sunglasses. However, the pain of the muta-
tion has led Steve to take larger and larger doses of
heroin... This is affecting his concentration and his
work: He, correctly, believes that if he should lose
his utility to the group,.that he will die. He is
working on a. plan to escape the pack, .and -is
searching for asylum.somewhere.. He.hhas vast
knowledge, nmot.only of the Freakers, but also of
Black Spiral Hives across America.

Torer Clerarbars

I-10, between Houston and Beaumont.:.

"Daddy, what's that big tower with the lights for?"

"Well, Jackson: Those are used for radio trans-
mitters ."

"AL, I thought they were for airplanes ——- something
with their instruments. Or was it cell-phones?"


a a

Cate Gereratxne

‘These spirits manifest as a dark spot in the air.
They are easy to detect as they emit a loud static.
Willpower 3, Rage 6,.Gnosis 4; Essence 13
Charms: Blast (sonic), Short Out, Swift Flight

Torr Clipargoant

These spider-spirits defend the Weaver's out-
posts in the wild. They are large, metallic spiders.
Their appearance generally mirrors the purpose
the tower is used for.. Power Tower Guardians
hum. with electricity.-Radio Tower Guardians
crackle like static. The Guardians' limbs end in
tools, used to construct and maintain their tower.
However, these tools can just as easily be used to
defend their homes against all that would prey on
them. Tower Guardians work in packs of powers
of two (two, four, eight, sixtéen...}..As all are
equal in the Weaver's eyes, these packs have no
leader... They act as one.

Willpower 7, Rage 9, Gnosis 5, Essence 21

Charms: Blast (as appropriate), Calcify,
Materialize, Solidify Reality

"I don't think so, sweetie ; they' ve been thére longer
than cells have."

"Which is it, Daddy?"

"I don't know. But 1 promise when we get -to
Grandma's house I'll look it up online."

Out in the mostly urideveloped lands between
cities, enormous metal towers sprout up. Alone or
in. "forests" of metal, conmected by thick cables or
electromagnetic waves, these monuments to the
Weaver cut through the wild places, acting as seék-
ing tendrils of the Patrern Web. The Gauntlet is
higher near these towers, usually by at least two
levels. In the Umbra, they are made not of metal but
of the Pattern Web itself. Electricity elementals flit
between the poles, traveling on telephone or power
lines. (When traveling along wires like this,.they
possess the Charm: Swift Flight.) Radio or-cell
towers are frequently associated with: radio
elementals that dart around at fantastic speeds.

These towers are also home to many Pattern
Spiders, as well as other members Of Spider's Brood.
As these idols to the Weaver's power frequently
attract the attention-and ire of the Wyld's defend-
ers,-Tower Guardians guard them with an ever-
increasing frequency.

Chapter Two: The Grind 63

—— a ST NS

|
|

™s

S

"Encoded in this city's stones are symbols thunder-
ous enough to rouse the sleeping Gods submerged be-
neath the sea-bed of our dreams."

=> Alan Moore, From Hell

Sn0d ana Ubprors

Welcome to the City. Nothing small happens
hére. Here, where people live on top of people and
under people and squashed side by side with people
who see and hear and smell the same things and
work the same way, things happen big —— because
they're happening to everyone all around, too. Lose
your job? So did another 5,000 workers, all with
identical pink slips. Kid scored in the 80th percen-
tile on mandatory school testing? Congratulations,
that's one bright kid you've got there, and she'll
never lack for smart friends when you translate that
top 20% into thousands of kids. You can't even die
in peace without somebody dying right before or
right after"you,.or worse yet being born in that
messy, noisy way that babies have. They say that
being in a Small Town is like living under a micro-
scope. Well, life in the City is lived on a big screen
TV, with a million Nielsen families tuned in round

the «clock. The best and worst of humanity are
magnified, dramatized.

Now step sideways. Welcome to the Urban
Umbra. Now you're standing with your nose pressed
up against that giant TV screen. All yousee is pixels
—— little tiny bits of the huge show going on, impres-
sions of emotion and action. You can learn a lot
from studying the pixels,.and you can learn a lot
from backing up to see the whole picture; it's all just
a matter of finding a place to stand.

Last but not least, never-least, add in. the
Weaver. Just as the City is ahhome for people,.it is
also. a home-for the. Weaver —- her only natural
home on Earth. Never forget that: Both halves are
equally important. Without the Weaver, or with-
out the people, there would be no City. They grow
stronger together. Every time an alarm clock rings;

Chapter TAree: The Neon Web 65

t

4

_left. Getting throug

a spider gets its legs. The Weaver's web shores up
busy interstates and humming computer networks,
and draws strength and purpose from their frantic
yet orderly activity.

Yet the City is not an-insectile utopia. Is the
wild side of human ‘nature untamable, pushing up
like weeds through .concrete? Does the Weaver
smother her charges in safety and regimen? Why are
there poverty, crime, pollution; and what feeds on
them, or fans the flames?

When you've seen all there is to see in the "rea
world, step into the Umbra. Take a look
picture, the little pictures —~ hey, flip t
channels if you like the metaphor. C
you' ll find what you're looking for here. J
advice and don't evet stand still too lon

Jil
NAC:
She Ftysprilerca

The Pénumbra is the spiritual reflee
Earth. Some poetic traditionali
the Velvet Shadow, burt I gu:
find much here to put y
maybe you step sidew:
a whorehouse. A Pe
comerete and metal

Stepping into
exact same place,

wf,

tough — never count on hopping easily b
forth between worlds... Walking three blocks in
Penumbra gets you. three blocks in- the physical
world, a mile gets you a mile, and running in circles
for five minutes will waste exactly five minutes of
your earthly time. There's a paucity of Gaian spirits
there, or spirits of the Wyld, so assume everything
you see is spawned of Weaver or Wyrm and there-
fore probably hostile and downright deadly.

That's the ten-cent tourist guide to the urban
jungle that they feed cubs around the campfire.
Can't blame them, really,.they don't know any
better. But if you're going to actually live here in the
city, you'll need to know more about what it's really
like —— or you'll die here in the city.

Ftret Iapprassions

Now, I can guess two of the first things that will
pop into your mind when you step to the other side.
One is, "where did everybody go?" and the other is

66 Book of the City

aa, A TT

"who turnéd out -the- lights?" We'll look at the
people problem first.

You already know that people, animals; and
objects that don't verge on antiques usually don't
show .up in the spirit world under their own
power. What's catching you by surprise is the
sudden absence of thousands of people —~ when
you réach for the Umbra in the middle of the
woods, you're missing maybe a handful of birds
and squirrels, and there might even be some bird-
spirits or squirrel-spirits around to make up for
nae loss. People who do havea reflection all their
are in some way spiritually profound, whether
gious, .creative
other reason.
fortunately,
f trouble, the
ra like a sore
ehtning rod. On the
y of room in the city for
» so don't be surprised to see
-¢ humans than you expected shining right
ph the Gauntlet.

e been here a while, you'll start to
omething special about people

wp of everyday people whose
beer or hairstyles, and
- Individually you'd
‘the Penumbra, but if
interested enough in what they're doing
oup, they'll start to ther energy that
ually coalesces into a reflection of that
up. You can't pick the individuals out of it, but
you can see, or smell, or feel that there's a group
present, and get a general idea of what they're up
to. This phenomenon is-most pronounced with
groups that are either large or passionately -in-
volved ——a big enough holiday mall crowd might
show up even if everyone's supporting capitalism
in their own special way, but the presence of a
much smaller number of people vigorously pro-
testing globalization will be just as strong, if not
stronger. Groups with a potent enough Penum-
bralechocan even spawn appropriate Epiphlings.
Whirling dervishes of lust might spill out of a
strip joint (watch out,.or you might wake up in
the gutter with no Gnosis wallet), or little glow-
ing balls of faith drift up from the gathered faith-
ful at Sunday morning church services. Regular
events like these (if the unfoldings of the spirit
world can ewer be considered regular) often-at-
tract predators — watching Wyrmlings gobble up

|


Epiphlings as they~floar°~ out-of a sanctuary is
enough to make any werewolf see red.

Yes, it happens, just like chimps stuffing down
swarming termites or any other display of animal
devouring you might catch on Nature TV..The
Penumbra is just as alive in the city as it is Out in
the sticks -— just as alive as the physical world.
Remember, the Weaver wrote the rules that na-
ture lives by, and part of those rules is that ecologi-
cal niches get filled. There are predators and prey,
food chains and territorial. fights... Once .yo
gotten over looking for things that are
you'll start to see what is here. The ¥
spider hench-spirits-do their best to k
thing neat and tidy and contained, but
her own rules, spirits move in and dort
You'll see cats, bats, coyotes, rats,.mo
than you cans tick at, elementals
go on, but you gét
doesn't start trouble, the'V
leave it alone. Of course, some spi
cially Wyld ones, just can't help but. cause t
— just like most werewolves. :

The nature spirits you'll s€e.are
of the physical world —- thar
you happen actoss in az]
soul of Fluffy from A:
cat, arepresentation
cat.. They aren't al
changes with -th
happen to see t e Gauntlet
tially be wearing thei earts on their
whatever the nature of their spiritual awa
will show itself loud and clear.. After all, they don
have any idea there's anything to hide, let alone
the knowledge necessary to conceal it. Those hu-
mans who do have reflections, and the knowledge

and skill to alter them ——~ yes, those same bastards
with a talent for sucking caerns dry to fuel their
double-damned rituals —— even they can't com-

pletely hide their spiritual nature in their Pénum-
bral forms. A careful werewolf can pick up clues to
their true mature with some study ——~ but then
again, a careful werewolf is probably not one who
tails a‘Namer for too long.

Buildings that have acquired their own Peén-
umbral presence look pretty much the same as they
do-in the physical world, with some. minor but
important differences-.A building that has seen a
lot of misery or crime will seem dark and forebod-

ee

ing; oreven rotted and foul —~ and yes, it can bea
hazard to walk through, no matter how sturdy the
place is back on Earth. Even if the whole building
deesn't take up the taint of whatever horrible acts
took place, the directly affected areas will. A ten-
ement that only seems slightly creepy may have an
apartment bedroom with a blood-soakéd floor ——
ghostly bloodstains don't just wash out..On the
upside, a house that has been cared for and seen
families grow and thrive will be sturdy, clean and
bright in the Penumbra. With enough time and
einforcement of their positive or negative quali-
afew of these remarkable edifices may become
n. (or suburban) Glens | hts, giving shel-
rtosympathetically ali s: As might be

ected, though, 's spawned by

aich a Glen are elcome when
they step

Ls ible in the Penum-
e Weaver or her followers
's, humans. Any building where
by live Imean eat, sleep, have sex
p their toothbrushes, not sit behind a
a buttons — has at least a faint spiritual
ralls of these places are more like
\i they may not even be
e, at best, placeholders,
g considers this spot to
3 vidence of the great
he masses of humanity have inherited from
spidery godmother.
e Weaver plays a more direct role in the
uction- of other Penumbral buildings. Office
complexes, industrial parks and other structures
dear to Her heart that lack the spiritual oomph to
havea reflection on their own are recreated by the
Weaver's minions. Sometimes they too are only
empty ephemeral shells of webbing, plastic and
glass, put in. place to make the Penumbral city
pleasingly symmetrical with the physical world.
Orher times they are functional buildings, with
solid walls and floors, office furniture, and the finest
"network" that money can't buy. These buildings,
along with other important commercial or adminis-
trative buildings that have pulled rhemselves across
the Gauntlet by their bootstraps, are often occupied
by spirits of all sizes,-all busily doing their jobs. If
their jobs are important, the building will be well
defended, and visitors won't be welcome past the
impressive front lobby.

ChAapter Three: The Neon Web 67

EE AT LY EIN

4

ere eves reer rene ewes ne sanvemrertl

Ate S900r or BO Story Taro?

So; when a Garou steps sideways into the
Umbra from a penthouse, what are the odds
that her feet land in spidery shag carpet versus
thin air? Pigure that 10 to.25% of a city's
buildings have the spiritual cachet to manifest
themselves solidly in the Penumbra — stick
with the low number if the city is young and/
or shallow (Las Vegas) and hit the high end of
the range for an ancient city with a rich heri-
tage (Rome). Another 30 to 40% of the build-
ings willbe reproduced by Weaver-spirits com-
plete with floors and load-bearing members-
The rest may be nothing more than mirages
that fill out the skyline but aren't present in
any other way, if that much. That adds up toa
good chance thar the intrepid werewolf will be
doing her Wile E.. Coyote imitation. Look
before you leap.

The caveat is that any building that's im-
portant enough to catch the Weaver's atten-
tion and attract those meddling Garou is prob-
ably important enough -to have floors. It's al-
ways the Storyteller's call, but the Storyteller
should remember that falling through build-
ings all the time-is not fun, while the occa-
sional surprise long step will keép both charac-
ters and players from assuming they can just
reach between the worlds wherever they want.
And doesn't a death-defying, stunt-filled fight
ona webbed floor that's. barely holding up
sound like fun?

Now, for the easy question: what's up with the
lights? In-a big enough city, you'll find that there
is often more light during the day than the night,
no matter what phase of the moon..There's a
simple reason —- Penumbral sunlight is ambient,
emanating from everywhere and nowhere. Every
alley, every closet, every dumpster is stuffed with
light;-it's mot as bright as real daylight, but it's
there: It's the ultimate task lighting —- no pesky
shadows anywhere. In the wilderness, the visual
result is usually an idyll awaiting a postcard pho-
tographer. Within city limits we've got a few good
angles for the shutterbugs, bur just as often the
effect is sterile and cold, or simply reveals piles of
crap that are just unappealing. The city by moon-
light is beautiful, where the moonlight can reach.
Luna still makes a personal appearance -in. the
nighttime sky, so her light shines down. This

68 Book of the City

i ——————— iia ST

leaves those parts of the city beneath rowering
skyscrapers and blankets of smog without light. As
cities sprawl ever largerin both the Gaia realm and
the Penumbra, pollution worsens, and the build-
ings seem to encroach even more on the open sky
with architecturally impossible overhangs and
strange screens which serve no purpose —— except
to block out the moon's light..The denizens of the
city have begun to adapt; some manage a dim glow
that gives the streets a surreal, Cousteau-like deep-
sea. vibe, while others (motably electricity
elementals) can put an arc lamp to shame when
they've a mind. We Garou are also adaptable, and
come up with all kinds of workarounds —~ dedi-
cated flashlights, keen senses, or firefly spirits ina
jar. It's not that the darkness is really a problem:
it's not being able to see Luna (and recharge the
Rage batteries) that throws off some werewolves.
If you're so easily rattled in the Penumbra, alll can
say is: watch out for the Near Umbra.

Natrgeftor: arid Il tazura

Drinks+From-Klein-Bottles looked over at the cubs.
"All right, you don't get it, PU try to give you an
example. Most of you got to basic geometry in school,
before your First Change, right?" The cubs nodded,
though two of them looked worried at the suggestion that
being a werewolf might involve any math at all... The
older Glass Walker scratched with a claw on the dirt,
making half a circle, with a line underneath it. "The
half-circle there is pi over two times the length of the line.
Okay, it's about one and a half times the length of the
straight line. Everybody pretty much agree with that?"
The cubs nodded.

"But," Klein added,."for every point on that line,
there's a point on that circle." He traced straight lines
up from the heavy line to the semicircle... "And for
every point on the circle there's a point onthe line." He
traced lines downward. "So there's the same number
of points! But the semicircle's longer! How? Well, the
answer would bore you even more than you're bored
right now,-but remember this: When .the Weaver
wants to, she can cram more stuff into a space than
ought to fit there."

The Penumbra is a reflection of the Gaia realm,
that is without doubt. But in recent years, we urban
full-timers have been encountering discrepancies,
for lack of a better word, in the previously seamless
fit berween the worlds. There are places in the heart
of the Weaver's power that have been tucked away,
pockets of extra-space that have no direct correla-
tion to the physical world.


SS

)
Q
Q
Y
q
y

ry
Ss
ie,

a
[sk

bos cat Ah
fo os es ts

=]
=j

LN

Neither the Bone Gnawers nor the Glass Walk-
ers have been in a particular hurry to inform the
other tribes of this new development. There's no
sense, we figure,.in-getrting the Nation all hor and
bothered about this until we can put together a nice
five-point presentation on what's going on. And, to
be honest, right now all that we know is that it's not
theoretically impossible: Word is starting -to get
out, however, mostly because guys like me keep
telling guys like you in the hopes that you don't
wander into trouble.

There are competing theories about how she
manipulates the.Pattern Web. into these
extradimensional spaces, which I won'r even get
into; it's way over my head: The whys are easier to
posit, even if trying to second-guess an insane
over-goddess is doomed to failure. Why are we
finding these: spaces now? Well, maybe-we just
weren't looking in the right places before. As cities
get larger and the wilderness smaller, more Garou
are choosing —— or being forced into — living on
the: Weaver's turf..Perhaps it's simply .a-case of
more eyes to catch anomalies, and better commu-
nication to share the discoveries..Or maybe it is
actually a new development, a-sign that she has
reached a new level of power. The theories we are
exploring don't preclude the existence of this kind
of folded. space in. the Gaia realm,.either. And we
aren't willing anymore to assume that she hasn't
folded. and spindled the physical world just be-
cause we haven't seen it yet.

Why do these extra-spaces exist? First, they're
great places to hide. things... Safely ensconced
within that hidden space you may find a gate to
the Scar or‘the CyberRealm, vast datastores, or
pulsing Gnosis batteries. Or you might find noth-
ing more important than a building, something
old and once important that the Weaver or her
minions can't of won't tear down — an architec-
tural knick-knack, if you will —- that was once
located on real estate that has since been put to
other uses. The cosmic forces of order. .séem to
prefer that the Penumbra appears to be an accu-
rate reflection of the mundane side of the Gaunt-
let, even if they have to bend the laws of physics
to do it. Ihave seen .one of these Penumbral
historic sites: the original immigrant processing
center on Ellis Island, destroyed in the physical
realm by a fire; bur still tucked away in a side
pocket of the island's reflection. The~-building
was only in use for five years before it was de-
stroyed —— imagine the strength of the American
Dream, all the hope and courage that poured into

de =

4

that building from the foundation to the shingles
to make it so vital and alive in such a short time.
The fact that the Weaver is consciously or un-
consciously preserving such monuments for the
world is, ] think, cause for hope.

So, how do you know when you've found one
of these little hideaways? First, you'll never just
wander into one, unless -you make..a habit. of
poking your nose in places it doesn't belong. At
least for now, the extra-spaces are hidden off the
beaten path, behind doors or restricted-ac
hallways. You'll know if you step thro
too —- there is no Gauntlet to speak of,
is a-wrenching feeling in the pit of you
as you step over the threshold. Local s
probably be aware of the existence of
space, even if they don't know exactly w
Once you know
only a matter of t
you don't attract too much
that is. You can study the ebb

walk through e every doe andd
until you find it.

Chances are you'll nm
space in the city, u
What you should
not getting lost,
rural cousins to g
reality. It's even
landmarks may
signs are nowhere to be found. It's not so
ask directions, either. It's not that it's so har
find a spirit willing to be helpful, so much that
they get around in the city in ways that you might
find... uncomfortable. Do you really want to have
to follow a rat-spirit into the sewers to get where
you're going,. when you could have just spent a
little more time with a map before you stepped
sideways? I didn't think so.

ALl is not necessarily lost if you wander astray,
however. Thanks to the Weaver's need for organi-
zation, there are "signposts" in the Penumbra, too.
Informational geomids — little Weaver-spirits that
usually appear as solid shapes =-— are placed at
intervals throughout the city. These spirits are net-
worked together,.to share information with é¢ach
other and with central servers. Other Weaver spir-
its check in as they go past, getting updated direc-
tions and orders. The geomids are not averse to
providing information to Garou with Spirit Speech

7O Book of the City

/ as A

or other spirits who seem to be well behaved and
orderly —~ dispensing information is their job, after
all. But if you want to get anything more than a
"You Are Here" X out of them, you'll need a fetish
computer as an interface: If you're good with that
computer, you may be able to get a detailed map of
the area, including any extra-spaces; current secu-
rity alerts; perhaps even upcoming building plans or
your current bank balance. The information you get
may not be easily immediately useful. Coordinate
systems may change from something sane like lati-
de and longitude to something wacky like pico-
es from the International Date Line at some
re administrator's whim.All requests for infor-
problem unless
olf-oriented
ainst the infor-
‘k brings nearly
mids (there's noth-
than being beaten up by a
or Weaver spiders.

You'll be walking; or running, of course. There
ersonal or mass transit in the Penumbra+—~at
reliable, anyway. Keep this impor-
fit moves, it's alive, at least after
cd that ephemeral subway
d Boston's T lines occa-

s. But stepping into
like crawling right
ts gullet, which is not something I'm person-
lling to do: Not to mention that it's‘not like
stick to any kind of schedule. If you need to
smuggle some people in. a hurry,.it is possible to
perform the Rite of Spirit Awakening on a car, and
have someone drive the car in the physical world
while the rest of you pile into the spirit reflection
like clowns. While it works, it's supremely disori-
enting and also undignified it gets lots of spirit
attention, often the aggressive kind.

Speaking of cars, you'll want to stick to the
sidewalks even in the Penumbra where the concrete
looks wide-open and inviting. Believe itornot, cars
and trucks can still be a hazard, if their spirits are
awake, or even semi-awake. You've all seen an
awakened car, trust me — even if you didn't know
it.-It's a syndrome most prevalent in the United
States, but everywhere car buffs are present, there it
is. The most noticeable symptom is the "named
car": for years, only guys named their cars, putting
fleets of Sallies and Trixies on the road. Now,
empowered women buy their own cars with their


own hard-earned cash, and feél entitled to name
them things like Chet or Adonis... With enough
detailing, waxing, and fuzzy seat covers, these half-
ton hunks of steel and plastic gather up some sense
of self, and become the terrors of the Penumbral
highways. You're right — if getting hit by acar isn't
going to kill you in the "real" world, then it isn't
going to kill youin the spirit world either. But don't
say I didn't warn you when you find yourself sprint-
ing for the median with a pack of classic cars out for
a Sunday spin on your heels, or, worse yet, with a
imprint of the word "MACK" on your ru
tesy of an 18-wheeler named Betty Lou.

It is possible to travel along the P
but it's mot an.option available to cu
option rarely made available to city-sa
and fostern, and then only through the use
or fetishes... THe: Pattern Web is the un
structure for both the
as far as any Garou has d:

tack from the Spider s spi
among the strands. T
can. still search out
Web, but the footi
places and impo
mention the near
powerful spiders. F
is only worth the effort of travel if you've g
way to go and no access to a moon bridge.

One last. word of warning about the nature of
the Penumbra: Be careful what you destroy... The
worlds may be sundered, but they are still linked in
ways that are difficult to understand, but easy to
observe. You can use these links to your advantage
with caution: crushing the appropriate geomids can
make it easier for your buddy on the other side to
hack into a computer system, but crushing the
wrong ones might completely corrupt the files he's
looking for. Repeatedly cutting the cables to the
Penumbral penthouse elevator makes it just a mat-
ter of time until the physical cable snaps,.but it's
impossible to predict exactly when..On the other
hand, when the fur starts to really fly in a Penumbral
dust-up, you canstillend up endangering real people
even though you're sparing them the Delirium. A
dying Bane spews toxin all over the area; on the
other side, people die from undiagnosed illnesses. A

SS

clumsy Crinos- kicks over-a fire-hydranty in the
mundane world, the hydrant malfunctions duringa
three-alarm apartment building fire. Yes, some times
you have to fight, but don't just assume that the
problems you cause in the Penumbra will take care
of themselves. Weaver-spirits fix things, but they're
busy things with assigned jobs and very little inde-
pendent initiative. File a damage report yourself at
the nearest geomid signpost if you have to; you'll
earn some brownie points with your local Weaver
allies, and maybe save some lives in the process.

LOOPNET

n the Penumbra, a Domain is an area that acts
conduit to and fro min the Near
bra... The spiritual ,e through .the
nection, filtering antlet into the
orrespondi world. They are
have no deeper
maintained solely by
© the Pattern Web... There are
ions of Domains, just as the

ted to the endless investiga-
thers are channels for the
aia; they are far more
e possibly more dan-

ll start with the easy one: Wyldings. I have
sj never seen.a Wylding anywhere nearacity,
T wasn't born yesterday. If I saw one, I would
b my digital camera, shoot sore video, and then
run for it — far too many things in the city are liable
to explode.

Glens are manifestations of Wyld and Gaian
energies. They are rare, but not as rare as you might
fear —- most cities have at least one,-even if it is
forced to pop around town like a panicked mole. I
sometimes wonder if the Weaver's constant cam-
paign of harassment doesn't backfire by driving
Gaian and Wyld energy together that would nor-
mally spread itself around. Glens provide solace to
all manner of spirits, and soothe the souls of humans
in the Gaia realm. No, Glens aren't particularly
dangerous ins and of themselves, you're right, but
there is danger associated with them. They come
under attack from technospiders and Banes with
unsurprising frequency. The defense of local Glens
is a high priority for urban septs, second only to the
defense of the caern itself. Also remember that

Chapter Three: The Neon Web 71

LE EE I LN

=|
l


* Finding an extra-space: The playér rolls
Perception + Enigmas or Wits. + Streetwise. to
search for an €xtradimensional space. The first
method might involve studying the hidden mes-
sages in the patterns of the floor and ceiling tiles,
while the second method might include watching
the office worker spirits come and go until notic-
ing that Elevator #42 never reports to the ground
floor. The Storyteller determines the target diffi-
culty based on how well the space is hidden and
how busy the space's gateway is. For example; an
extra-space that contains a building interesting
only for its architecture might require a success at
a difficulty of 6 to find. A:gate to the CyberRealm
might be very carefully concealed, which would
have a difficulty of 9 normally, but the coming
and going of guards might drop that difficulty to
8 or even 7. Characters who achieve complete
success (three successes) Can determine the exact
dimensions of the extradimensional portal.

e Getting information from ~-an-informa-
tional geomid: To get simple information on the
character's current location, the character must
use Spirit Speech normally, then the player rolis
Charisma + Eriquette against a difficulty of 5.
More detailed information.is.only accessible
through a fetish computer. The player rolls Cha-
tisma + Computer with atarget of 5 for informa-
tion about the surrounding blocks,:'6 for some-
thing in the neighborhood, or 7 for information
about another part of the city: The location of
extra-spaces or any gates to other realms is al-
ways a minimum difficulty of 8 to acquire. The

Gare Atectiartasr for phe Fenirafied

degree of success indicates just how much data
the geomid is willing to share... Garou cannot
physically enter the Digital Web without a
technofetish designed specifically for that pur-
pose. (Informational geomids are found in the
Book of the Weaver, p..67.)

* Finding the Pattern Web without the
Web Walker Gift: While the Pattern Web may
seem to be omnipresent in the city's Penumbra,
finding a part of it to walk on or climb isn't
always easy..Players may roll Perception + Enig-
mas to allow their characters to puzzle' things
out, while players whose characters have actual
hands-on experience in making things can opt
instead to roll Perception + Crafts in' a more
down and dirty approach. The Storyteller should
consider the stfength of the Weaver's presence
in the area and the number of technospiders
traveling through when setting the difficulty,
which should generally be low inside the city.
While getting on the Pattern Web may be easy,
staying on it for long is hard.

* Breaking things in the Penumbra: Charac-
ters can destroy items and scenery using the same
game systems as in the physical world, whether
they are performing feats of strength or using
weapons to beat the offending object to pieces. If
an item is particularly "important" or disused, it
may (at the Stroryteller's discretion) be stronger
or weaker than its physical counterpart. There is
no' rule for how broken Penumbral items will
affect the physical realm —— this is left for the
Storyteller to tailor to the needs of her story.

spirits live together densely there, and any infrac-
tion of etiquette will be immediately reported and
gossiped to death —— and if you don't think that's
dangerous, you'll learn the hard way.

Blights and Hellholes are just plain bad news.
Hellholes draw their nastiness strictly from the
Wyrm's realms, while Blights are Weaver emana-
tions corrupted to the Wyrm's service. You'll find
more Blights around here than Hellholes —< the
Wyrm's minions find it much easier to pervert the
work of others than to build something themselves.
Both are homes for Banes and smaller Wyrmlings;
Blights .also host technospiders completely sub-
verted to the Wyrm's cause. Cleaning these spiri-
tual stains from both worlds is another unending
task for the Garou — they will probably return, but
for as long as it takes the fetid energy to pool and

72 Book of the City

i ——————— a

reform, the worlds are better places. I have long
advocated the unpopular position that the Garou
should defend Webs — pure Weaver domains — as
assiduously as we defend Glens, to force the Wyrm
to fight in the open under its own power. I also
remain hopeful that cleansed and destroyed Blights
may reform as pure Webs.

I've already gotten ahead of myself and men-
tioned Webs, zones dominated by Weaver energy.
It would frankly be impossible to discuss Domains
here in the city without reference to them. They are
cold and sterile, but also capable of displays of
unearthly beauty and symmetry. Spiders and geomids
march through in perfect formations, and informa-
tion pulses visibly through the strands of the Digital
Web intertwined through each structure and the
ground itself. The Pattern. Web is easily visible


here) and extends into rhe Néar Umbra to the limit
of vision. Every Web is connected to the CyberRealm
via the Pattern Web ——~ if you can find the right
strands to follow. The CyberRealm does not move
through the Umbra, so once you have found a path,
you will always be able to reach it. Some Webs also
have paths to the Scar, but these paths are danger-
ous even to those using the Web Walker -Gift
because of the Banes that scuttle out of thar vile
realm. They are also less stable — when the Scar has
drifted far enough, the strands of the Pattern Web
will snap, flinging unlucky travelers into some un-
known part of the Umbra.

fie Ciarrtief

If you've stepped sideways even once in the city,
you know how much harder it can be here than from
the grounds of a wilderness caern. I'm sure you've
learned the reasons why, but let's~go through. a
refresher anyway, because it's important. The
Weaver created the Gauntlet berween the Umbra
and the Gaia realm, and she's the one who main-
tains it. In areas where she is strong, the Gauntlet is
correspondingly difficult to pass through; and where
she is weak, it can be as easy as wishing yourself
through. Some say that the Weaver spun the Gaunt-
let because she went crazy. Others say it was because

Sea ns ers anna ree SS

she wanted to make a safe place for her adopted
human charges: There are plenty of other ideas on
the issue, too —~ we could argue theology and cos-
mology all night, but the practical issue remains the
same. The gulf between the worlds is wide in the
city, and well defended.

The Gauntlet isn't uniform, however, despite
the Weaver's certain desires. It has its flaws; places
where it is strained near to bursting, and it has its
nearly impenetrable bulwarks. If you're going to be
spending any time in the city, it would behoove you
to find out where some of those places are.

The safest place to find an easy Gauntlet pas-
sagé is at an urban caern or one of our rare but
treasured Glens. "Safest" doesn't necessarily mean
"safe," though..Urban-caerns are well defended,
and they didn't get that way just to let every
random country werewolf go traipsing through the
bawn drawing attention..Visitors to a caern can
expect to face a little-g gauntler of Garou and
spirit defenders, so the best policy is an introduc-
tion and deference to territory as per the Litany,
and an appropriate chiminage gift to the Warder
in exchange for the right to use the area under his
protection. Even. better, get with the 21st century
and phone ahead or send email. Glens are also well
protected, but the spirit guardians don't always

a
<= i
=


have reliable phone reception, so you'll have to
visit in person with your chiminage.

In. the category of distinctly unsafe places to
easily cross the Gauntlet, we have areas infested
with Wyrm-taint, some. particularly nasty few in-
fected to the extreme of becoming Hellholes.. The
destructive Wyrm energies in these places continu-
ally gnaw away at the Weaver's work, and the fabric
of the Gauntlet is afavorite snack. It's nearly impos-
sible to pass through the Gauntlet in a full-fledged
Hellhole without attracting immediate and violent
attention. In. areas that are merely tainted, you
might meet no immediate resistance, be set upon by
annoying but easily squished Wyrmlings,.or find
yourself face-to-toe with some monstrous Bane —
how's your luck been running? Chiminage isn't an
acceptable option here, so it's either fight or run. If
you've come to pick a fight, you could hardly finda
better place.

The worst place to even consider trying to step
sideways is a haven for high tech..A server farm, a
light-industry manufacturing plant, a pharmaceuti-
cal research lab,.or worst of all the Department of
Motor Vehicles -— places like this are almost guaran-
teed to have a Gauntlet that feels like woven Kevlar.
If you've identified the corresponding patch of the
Umbra to be a Web domain, you know better than
to even try,.right? It's not just the rooms with the
tech toys, either —— once a site has proven its worth,
technospiders blanket the entire place so that you
can't just easily slip into a broom closet and reach
through that: way..It-might surprise you though,
what kinds of places are actually relatively easy to
step through. A hospital might be antiseptic and
uptight, but down in the ER the constant parade of
death and pain plus the freaked-out next of kin and
the full-time insane lobby fixtures all combine to
keep the Gauntlet lower..The manic energy of a
stock trading floor invites a constant Wyld assault
on the Gauntlet there —- it may be easy to slip
through,.but it's, also a hive of activity om' the
Penumbral side, so act nonchalant. And remember,
if it really comes down to it, there is no stretch of the
Gauntlet that is so tough that you can't get through
itif you're good enough, and try hard enough. We're
Garou, and the‘spirit world is our home, too.

To be briefer, my first piece of advice on step-
ping sideways in-the city can be summed up as
"choose your place carefully." The second is, find
yourself a pack with a brilliant Theurge and treat
him or her like gold.-Even if she insists that you
can't wear clothing with zippers because it's offen-
sive to the spirits, or spills the plot loudly in movie

74 Book of the City

OLE FE An ET A SE A

Case Fay fonds ate GD Paptipeed CEAMRIAL

Typical Gauntlet Ratings:

9... Microchip manufacturer's clean r6om,
State Supreme Court Clerk's Office

8 ..Inner city slum, downtown financial
district, Intensive Care Unit

7 » Children's playground, suburbari neigh-
borhood, convenience store, church sanctuary

6... Large city park, art muséum, organic
health food store, rnaternity ward

5 .Typical urban caern

4°. Powerful urban caern

Trapped Gauntlets: A. trapped Gauntlet
attacks Garou who pass through with an attack
rating equal to the local Gauntlet rating anda
base of one level of lethal damage. The Gnosis
roll to step sideways acts as a dodge, reducing
the amount of damage done. The remaining
damage is soaked by Willpower, not Stamina.
When a pack steps sideways together, each
member faces the attack separately, but they
still use the leader's Gnosis result as a dodge.

theaters, your life is in her hands when-you reach
through the Gauntlet.

That bit about your life being inher hands isn't
really a dramatic overstatement: If you make a
mistake stepping sideways out in the countryside,
you may get stuck and have to wait forhelp, or you
may take a fantastic, two-week journey through
some Umbral wormhole, which youcan't remember
once you hit ground again. In the city, it's unlikely
that anyone will happen along to help your sorry
stuck self (unless your buddies are right there, in
which case why did you even try it by yourself?)
before the spiders show up. It's also much less likely
that ammisstep will squirt you out somewhere unex-

' pected —— the Gauntlet just isn't permeable enough

for that around here. When the spiders come for
you, if you're lucky they'll cement you in-place,
calcifying you into the structure of the Gauntlet or
a nearby strand of the Pattern Web. You'll survive
for as long as your Gnosis holds out, leaving some
time for a search and rescue —~ hope you've got
friends. If no one finds you, your desiccated husk
will help prop up the world till the end of time. If
you're unlucky, you'll be marched off to join the
work crews in the Scar, which are always hiring
qualified individuals to suck dry of spirit. Rescue is
still possible, but it's not easy. And finally, if you
draw enough attention and fight hard enough, a


/

big-league enforcer like a Chaos-Monitor might
stop by and try to just kill you dead.

And if the consequences of failure aren't scary
enough, lately we've been hearing stories of some
pretty gruesome. successes. Normally,..stepping
sideways through the Gauntlet feels like pushing
through heavy, sticky cobwebs,.or at worst push-
ing through wet .concrete. In some' dangerous
places, it feels more. like razor wire or broken
glass, and werewolves come out the other side cut
to ribbons. Worse, it's almost impossible to sense
beforehand —— we're used to looking through the
Gauntlet, not dt it. It's a skill we'll have'to learn.
From:what we can.tell, the booby traps don't
blanket entire areas, but are limited to careful
placement in high. security zones in, say,.blind
corners with no security camera coverage,-or just
inside vulnerable access hatches. A-yard ortwoin
any direction might save you from a flensing,so
give that space if you can.

Naar Cfrilen

t reaches of
's the case,

contingent d
seek the advice of Dp Es

with our ancestors like every other werewolf.
We may even spend more time there, since many of
us travel the Pattern Web instead of paying the toll
for-a moon bridge..Anmd we've got easy access to
some Near Realms that make our country cousins
more than-a little nervous.

She SAO

The Scar represents the moést oppressive arms
of the Weaver and Wyrm; servants of those two
corrupt fractions of the Triat push. spirits and
emanations through backbreaking factory labor in
order to milk every ounce of Gnosis from thern.
The Sear is filled to the horizon in all.directions
with. vast factories, belching filth"into the sky.
Open fires burn at the top of half the smokestacks
in the Scar, unwitting testament to the ineffi-
ciency of the place's labor and factories. Nothing
good or worthwhile comes out of these factories: it
isn't as though they're manufacturing children's
toys or laborsaving devices.

The "employees" of the factories in the Scar
work 80-hour weeks if they're lucky; every drop of
sweat is converted into spirit energy that is paid
out to the factories' dread owners. These powerful

a

Banes and cor
sence of the S
gain. to force
luxurious facilit
itself, or into the
These days; th:

Weaver-spirits hoard the' es-
hoping to use the power they
otion to the gleaming and
the CyberRealm, Malfeas

uence is fading, espe-
Realm. The manage-
factories have mostly
he CyberRealm, and

¥y not be smart to take
but you can.

path every

CAapter TAvree: The Neon Web 75

A LS EG


There are three parts'to the CyberRealm: Spi-
der City, the Pit, and the Computer Web. Let's
start at the bottom. The' Pit is a labyrinth of
garbage and tunnels that digs as deep as the Realm's
skyscrapers ‘stretch high. It's full of predatory
Weaver spirits and Banes who snack on the Realm's
most unfortunate residents. Don't go there, unless
you're looking for something, or someone, that
might have been thrown away~Or, if you're look-
ing for sneaky access to' some other chthonian;
unpleasant Realm, you may find a way hidden at
the end of a maze of tunnels. 'we heard theories
that when the Scar loses too much steam, it'll be
incorporated into the CyberRealm, and this is
where it'll join up. You think the Scaris bad now?
Wait until iet's underground.

Spider City starts at.ground level and .goes
way, way up. Predictably, it's built like an orb
spider's web, but three dimensional, with sus-
pended roadways and elevated monorails -con-
necting skyscrapets taller than the eye can see.
Old Town is at the bottom.of the heap; only
ancient concrete foundations keep it from sliding
into the Pit. This is where the Cyber Wolves fight
their daily battle for survival, scrounging weap-
ons and Gnosis from Weaver patrols or by raiding
higher into the city. Old: Town is the -highest
Banes are allowed to climb in the CyberRealm;
the Weaver is serious about protecting her jewel
ofacity.. Downtown is sealed off from Old Town:
Here's where you'll find the vendors, selling ev-
erything from software to style wear to informa-
tion. And guns: big, big guns. If you can pass as
human and get your hands on an ID badge, you
might be safe. Just remember that everybody in
Downtown is looking to move Uptown, and they'd
be happy to make you a part of their corporate
ladder. Finally, Uptown is where the big boys live
and play. If you aren't a Weaver spirit, you don't
belong there, and it's only'a matter of time until
the patrols find you. I can't think of any good
reason to goto Uptown anymore — the shopping's
in Downtown,-and. the information .is in the
Computer Web. You can climb to the Computer
Web through Uptown if you need to; but why
would you need to? Maybe you're trying to put a
hit on one of the bosses in Uptown — like I said;
I can't think of any good téason:

Ah, the Computer Web.-All of the information
that anyone has stored anywhere on any computer
is floating gently above Spider City, twinkling like
astar caught inanet. The structure of that net is the
Macro Level, and the twinkly datastores make up

76 Book of the City

OLE AE Ln Ts ET A A

the Micro Level. You'll néed to be good with com-
puters and logic to find your way around, or be good
at tricking spirits into doing your dirty work foryou.
Forget the BFG's, friends, this is the CyberRealm's
best contribution to the fight against the Wyrm.
Every dodgy corporate memo, every untouched field
report, every incriminating blackmail photo stored
on a computér is in there somewhere, just waiting
for you.to find it.. The spiders up there can get
protective of their bits and bytes, but they're just
doing their jobs.

The influence of the twisted urban hells of the
Asian Umbra on the CyberRealm is growing, just as
it is in the Scar. There are certainly passages be-
tween the Realms through the Pit. 1 would not be
surprised to find Gates higher up in the city, evenin
Uptown. I'm sure the guys at the top have lots to
talk about. -

Pg Cfore?

For more information-"about the Scar and
the CyberRealm, see Umbra. For more infor-
mation.on the Umbra of Asia, see Hengeyokai
and The Thousand Hells.

Everything you see, touch and smell in the
Umbra is a spirit,.or was made by a. spirit... The

largest exception to that rule is us —~ the Garou.
The other exceptions —— other breeds of shifters, or
the occasional Namer-——~— are vanishingly rare here

in the city.

That doesn't mean that evéry spirit is an awake
and active one. The spirits of natural things (in
which .I-include man-made items, which are as
natural as the man that made them) seldom awaken
themselves where the servants of the Weaver are
strong. This is a matter of self-defense, 1 think. An
active spirit is a greater threat to-order than a
slumbering one, and so the active spirits are more
likely to be harassed or even calcified back to sleep.
Awakening a spirit within city limits is not always
a favor to it, especially if you can't take it with you
or won't be around to defend it. Still, it is against
the nature of living things to stay inactive forever;
even in the most web-laden parts of town you may
find a lively spirit just up from a long nap.

Spirits who work for the Triat aré always ac-
tive —— they only live to-séerve, after all. (Thank-
fully, they do seem to sleep —_ downtime for data
processing for the technospiders, and Idon't know,


pus and ooze reservoir refilling for the W yrmlings.)
There's a big difference between Weaver and Wyrm
servitors, however: the spiders might be indiffer-
ent, butthe Wyrmlings always try to ruin your day.
Weaver spirits have jobs to do.. If you're breaking
into a computer system, anda litrle patrern spider
wanders by picking up trash, it keeps doing its job.
Sure,..it remembers what it saw and reports -it
eventually, but by the time thar report gets up-
loaded and somebody bothers to review all the
garbage-picking -reports, you're long gone. Any
Wyrm-touched spirit either beats the crap out of
you; or runs off to find something that can. The
erosion of discipline and the creatively destructive
urges that Wyrm-tainted spider spirits suffer make
them the scariest opponent you can run into inthe
city. And, of course, there are always the Weaver
spirits whose only job is to watch for you and to
kick your ass when you show up. Nothing to be
done for that but to tread lightly.

By Faftors ad oftierr

Klein slouched on the teacher's desk in Room 208.
Most of the cubs actually looked more comfortable
behind school desks, evenifit was 10 PM..He'd have to

SS wk cs ek IS

Af ore SPAS

A veritable plethora of Weaver-spirits and
their charms can be found in Umbra and Book
of the Weaver. The Book of the Wyrm can
supply your baser needs.

work on that. "All right, ovr topic for tonight is ‘emer-
gence.' Do any of you know what I'm talking about?"
Blank faces stared back at him. He sighed and scrubbed
his eyes. "What do they teach you kids in school these
days? PU make it painfully simple for you. You take a
system, let's say acomputer network..It's made up of a
bunch of little parts, ail just doing their own job.. Add
enough of those little parts, and the whole network might
be capable of doing more than the sum of the work of
those little parts. You see where I'm going here?"

Several. hands shot up.. "Artificial Intelligence!"
shouted one cub.

"Good..I seé some of you stayed up late reading
under the covers," Kleinreplied. "But now, think spirit.
People instead of processors, all connected by roads,
telephones, pipes —~— what does that get you?"

A moment of silence, then a tentative hand sniick
up. "A City Father?"

foxy

A Bae

pod i

(eae ey,

pane a ¥
AT tn. \
oc a) :
"hy
&
wy oe
SO -) \ SS
BSE ae
ST — or =


"Very good!" Klein beamed. "Around here, we
have a City Mother, though, and don't forget it. She can
be touchy."

The back row of the "class" dissolved in laughter as
Diego made the predictable joke that Counts-On-Fin-
gers lives in the City Mother's ass crack...The lights
flickered, and went out. Klein groaned. "What did I just
say? You're going to be clapping erasers till dawn for
that one."

The theory of emergence, to distill ic down
to painfully basic principles,is that a sufficiently
complex system has qualities that surpass the
simple sum of its individual parts. The results of
any emergent process are by their nature unpre-
dictable. The Holy Grail of emergence, and the
pinnacle of unpredictability, is for the system to
achieve sentience. All around the world, sprawl-
ing cities test the limits of the theory on a scale
a computer engineer could only dream of —~ and
the Garou who live within those cities might
find theirhomes coming to life right underneath
their feet.

City Fathers and City Mothers are the soul of
the city, the intelligence spawned by the 24-7
interaction of people and machines within a de-
limited space. As .an extension of the city, they
draw their personality and abilities from the civic
character and available resources of the commu-
nities that are their reason for being. Once cre-
ated, they are independent of the city that birthed
them, but they are irreconcilably tied to the city:
physically and spiritually, by political and geo-
graphic borders, and by destiny. The Father of a
city that has been razed to the ground may linger
on in the Umbra as the world mourns its singular
attractions and its residents. The Mother ofacity
absorbed into a sprawling megalopolis faces the
real possibility of a rapid and brutal demise as the
things that made her domain unique -are. sub-
sumed into anew identity... At the same time:she
gains a rare chance to grab for power and expand
her territory through careful negotiation.or by
ruthlessly eliminating rivals..It seems petty, but
remember that although very inhuman entities;
they're still the human side of a city's spiritual
makeup. They arén't human, but they are human-
ity. Kind of.

Ie was not long ago that City Fathers were rare
an aberration, not the rule." They were generally
a rumor up until the last century or so. Then,.in
huge metropolises, quintessential cities like New
York and London, their presence was confirmed by

78 Book of the City

OLE Le LT iT LL A

enough Garou and spirit contacts to convince all
but the most Luddite Theurges.

Within the last decade, City Fathers have been
popping up as quickly as cybercafes. Ironically, they
may be proliferating for the same reason —— com-
puter networks. Electricity flowing down wires, and
radio and TV broadcasts filling the airwaves were
enough of ajolt to wake up Toronto and Chicago,
but add in a network of fiber-optic cable in addition
to double or triple the amount of copper wire, all
thrumming with raw information and barely edited
human thought, and eventually the balance tips

era

away from "improbable" to "possible."

Oa» J foorves

The Glass Walkets have their pet théories,
but they could easily be wrong ——- not that
they'd ever admit that. For as long as there have
been cities, there may have been City Fathers.
People like to build in patterns, and with geo-
metric shapes that don't occur naturally; maybe
City Fathers are spirits trapped or enticed by the
sacred geometry of human spaces... Cities as
ancient as Mohenjo Daro (roughly 2,000 BCE)
had basic plumbing and sewage systems; toilets,
writing, vast trade markets-— what's not to like
for a forward-thinking spirit? City Fathers do
become easier to rationalize after the wide-
spread adoption of the telegraph around the
time .of the Civil War (the 1860's) and the
subsequent proliferation of pulsing electric wires.
A. little spark of electricity may have been alla
City Father needed for inspiration.

Rifsfons tthe flies Spelt PUor{e

City Fathers best fic into the Garou cosmology
as Epiphlings, not formed by the concept of "city,"
but by the concept of "Houston" or "Calcutta."
They are unusual as Epiphlings in that they are
almost always encountered in the Penumbra, since
their travels outside the bounds of their city are
strictly limited to urban Realms that are spiritually
contiguous to their domains, the most common
examples being the Scar and the CyberRealm. If
there is a Great City Father that serves as the
template for each individual City Father and
Mother, it is ensconced in the Epiphling Realms of
the Middle Umbra, as unreachable as vast con-
cepts like War and Courage. Occasionally a Father
or Mother may show signs of having evolved from
a different type of spirit. A city that has long relied

|


on its harbor for its identity and survival might
have a City Mother with a bluish tinge to her skin
and seaweed in her hair,.suggesting her humble
beginnings as a water elemental..A Ciry Father
who appears as the spitting image of the city's
founder may very well be a human ancestror-spirit
(rare and strange as they are) who couldn't keep
his hands off the place that bears his name. By the
time they step into the role of City Father, their
origins are relevant only to puzzling out their more
obscure motivations; they all have Charms and
abilities that ler them influence and guide the city
they represent.

City Fathers are not Weaver-spirits; the
Weaver does not create them nor dothey naturally
occupy a slot in her hierarchy. Their loyalties are
not first to any member of the Triat, they are to the
metropolis they represent. Any responsibilities
they have tothe Weaver are the result of chiminage
or truces' with her minions; any authority they
wield over those minions comes from the same
source, or else from repeatedly demonstrated brute
force.-That said,.City Fathers do tend to be on
good terms with the denizens of the Weaver's webs
~—— they know what side of their bread is buttered.
Most have the stature to command the Weaver-
spirits native to their domain, and keep ahold on
that power by cleaning up big messes before the big
guns come to town and pull rank:.This does not
tend to improve their status in the eyes of those
Garou that consider City Fathers to be nothing
more than Weaver pawns.

Like humans, City Fathers usually start out
with the best of intentions. What could be wrong
with promoting civic pride or industrial develop-
ment? The steps the spirit pursues, however, can
lead down a-dark path: promoting civic pride, for
instance, by promoting bigotry to remove the city's
"undesirable elements;" or turning a blind eye to
pollution discharges to encourage the growth of
industry. Actions like these, whether initiated by
the City Father or by elements within the commu-
nity, lead inexorably to Wyrm-taint..A spirit un-
willing to be sullied can-fight back, and often
enlists a_pack of Garou to help. City Fathers who
willingly choose a destructive path can quickly
find themselves lording it over slums full of trapped
poor while anyone with the means moves outside
city limits —— even while gnawing themselves hol-
low from the inside, thesé spirits cam manage to be
a werewolf's worst enemy.

The Wyld tends to be amystery to City Fa-
thers —— they have little concept of what it's good

Ste cc SARI i

for, other than bringing in grant money for un-
hinged artists. Unleashed, it usually manifests in
riots, large-scale fires, or other catastrophes that
do absolutely nothing to improve the city. If the
Wyld presence in the city limits itself to -the
cultural district or a hippie liberal arts college,a
City Father can tolerate it, but when it starts to
spread out of its prescribed boundaries. to cause
trouble for the normal day-to-day of the city, thar
tolerance ends.

owe

City Fathers tend to have common large-scale
goals —- there are a limited number of things that a
city needs, after all. These goals will have different
priorities in different cities, as geography, politics
and history influence what a City Father can get,
and how it tries to get it:

One extremely practical goal is to expand the
city geographically, bringing a larger territory un-
der the City Father's. control. The city is the
spirit's whole world, in many ways. A City Father
knows the outside world exists; he hears about

tity Fathers, or City Atofhear?

City Fathers and City Mothers are béings of
pute spirit. They aren't truly male or female,
they have simply chosen a representative, hu-
manoid form —— or a form was chosen for them
by the subconscious consensus of the people
who live there. If Paris has a spirit, by way of
example, it-is probably a City Mother, while
Seattle, an overwhelmingly male mecca of pro-
grammers and grunge bands, most likely has a
City Father. Their close ties to the Weaver
mean that City Fathers and Mothers keep the
same form; they and those they work with value
stability and predictability. It can happen,
though, that-a significant change in. the
community's makeup (a vibrant immigrant cOm-
munity,-or-an upsurge in grassroots politics)
eventually has an effect on the city's spirit that
can change its apparent age, ethnicity, and yes,
gender. The change is rarely gradual. It is abrupt,
bordering on instantaneous, as if a rising sub-
conscious wave had finally battered down the
Weaver's stasis dams. On wandering into the
Umbral office to notice that your boss has
changed froma she to a he, a wise Garou
compliments him on his tie, orders new busi-
ness cards, and gets back to work.

CAapter TAree: The Neon Web 79

A SS NT

|
:

t

events and witnesses their effects on his holdings:
But if his town is boring or crowded, the spirit
can't simply pack his bags and leave. City Fathers
with large bank accounts may try to expand very
directly, through. real-estate development ven-
tures: buy land just outside city limits, develop the
land, then petition the zoning board or city coun-
cil for admittance. This method is also the most
likely to run afoul of the Garou, if the proposed
development is. on ecologically or spiritually sig-
nificant land, or if the city is simply expanding too
aggressively for the werewolves. More subtle meth-
ods are generally preferred. Manipulating the de-
sirability of land on.the city's edges, or encourag-
ing tax breaks or low-cost loans for development
are common tactics.

Things get messy when the only way to ex-
pand is to take over other urban areas. If the
adjacent area has no City Father of its own, the
spirit.canm extend its influence through the Um-
bra; the physical world will eventually adapt its
boundaries to the spiritual reality. This isn't nec-
essarily as easy as it sounds -—— spirits who were
existing just fine without a boss may be unwilling
to roll over when the boss moves in. If the City
Father has a political in, he can try to have areas
annexed. This will give the spirit some authority,
but he will still have to assert his dominance.
Neighborhoods that retain.a distinct. identity
within city limits may be areas of spirit resis-
tance; or, if expansion isn't a high priority with
the City Father, he may encourage just that kind
of independence in-‘pursuit of his other goals:

If the area of contention-is the ‘territory "of
another City Father, and either or both insist on
expanding, there will be war in the Penumbra —
and the city will suffer: Property values in the
contested areas willdrop, residents will move; crime
will go up. If neither side has a clear upper hand, the
effects of a war would be so detrimental to both that
open hostilities. never erupt. Instead, both sides
maneuver and plot, maintaining plausible
deniability for their intrusions. In other cases, they
may join forces to usurp a third area, dividing the
spoils between them.

Hand in hand with acquiring land is increasing
population. Territory empty of people doesn't doa
City Father a whole lot of good. Even better, if there
is space available, building the population practi-
cally guarantees the acquisition of more land: There
are three ways to go about getting more people:
more births, fewer deaths, and encouraging move-
ment into the city..The first two require decent

80 Book of the City

OLE PS ET OP LT LL A

hospitals arid otherchild and elderly-friendly ameni-
ties like schools and city parks. People like to move
to cities with those benefits, too. City Fathers can
try to fine-tune the influx of people by encouraging
different types of jobs; or, om the darker side, try to
keep the "wrong sort" of people out by encouraging
discrimination on an institutional level and bigotry
on a personal level.

Wealth, influence and prestige often ebb and
flow together, determining the city's outward face
on a regional, national or even global level. They
are not always directly tied, however. A city like
Washington D.C. that plays host to vast political
influence may have serious money issues. Pitts-
burgh gets more prestige than money for hosting
several world-class hospitals. : Houston has the
dough but supports a very small arts community,
pulling it down on the- prestige scale. Since the
people are a part of the City Father, in a way, the
priorities of the community and the spirit will
usually be compatible — unless there has been a
dramatic change in the makeup or attitudes of the
community, or anew City Father has taken over.
These cities will seem schizophrenic for awhile,
until the priorities shake out: the rich are courted
then slapped with taxes, cultural districts built
only to languish, or national political campaigns
flop on their home turf.

Items lower down .the City Father's' list of
priorities can get quirky. Spirits are individuals,
after all, with their own histories and experiences,
and old habits die hard..Perhaps the City Father of
San Francisco still has a prospector's eye anda
taste for gold, or the spirit of Boston can't stand
the smell of molasses ever since the Great Molas-

ses Flood of 1919.
EG FRAIL AE CAEP

With both City Fathers and urban caerns grow-
ing more common, it's a safe bet that the two will
come into contact —~ or conflict.

A City Father that is a fanatically devoted to
the Weaver, or worse, touched by the Wyrm, will
have serious issues about having -a wellspring of
Gaian energy on his turf. The sept might have to
deal with 24-hour monitoring, police harassment, a
beefed-up Animal Control. squad —- anything a
City Pather can influence to keep his enemies off
balance and under his thumb-~The Veil itself could
be at risk; a-rogue City Father might bet that he
could hide his mastermind influence while the fierce
werewolves were rounded up live onthe five o'clock
news. In septs where the relationship has deterio-


rated, a pack following the City Father will natu-
rally not be welcome.

A more balanced City Father will still have
reasonable concerns about a power source in his
city that is under the control of forces not always
allied with him. The spirit may have the caern
watched — in the interest of the city's security, of
course —~ and may appoint an official Garou or
spirit liaison to the sept. He may even insist that
his representative be present at caern moots. In
septs that allow free access to the caern for the
City Father and his underlings, there may be intri-
cate subterfuges and spying taking place behind
the scenes as both sides try to hide certain activi-
ties and imterests from the other. In such septs, a
pack with the City Father totem may
welcome, bu LL.

It is theoretically possible, althou C
likely, that a City Father could become
tron of a small, low-powered caern. This has
advantages and disadvantages. On the plus side,
any City Father who is attuned enough to Gaian
energies to become the totem of a caern is likely
to be an advocate for the Garou and their mission
in the world. The members of the sept will have
freer reign in the city than they would otherwise,
and the community will benefit from the creative
energy that suffuses through the City Father to
his domain. The greatest disadvantage is that a
City Father isn't part of the greater spirit hierar-
chy —— there's no Incarna watching his back,
ready to step in if things get too hairy. The Garou
have to guard their caern and totem even more
fiercely than usual, because one fell swoop could
eliminate the spirit entirely, leaving the caern
adrift and vulnerable.

fy Fattiert at Fact' Soperns

Inevitably the question arises: What can youdo
for me? That's a legitimate question when making a
decision as important as a pack's selection of a
totem, especially when considering an unconven-
tional option like a City Father. There are a lot of
great benefits to becoming a Child of the City, but
there are some significant drawbacks as well.

The first, very important point is that a City
Father is not a representative of some distant
Incarna. His power and authority is not drawn
from the Totem Realms of the Umbra, it's drawn
from the city itself. They are relatively powerful

Se ne mrs ene se EY Se ee

Contorafe Faftier

Glass Walker theorists (and Bone Gnawer
conspiracy nuts) have put forward the ideathat
geographical boundaries might not necessary to
the formation of a spirit similar to the City
Father. The Corporate Father would, in es-
sence, replace the physical bounds of the city
with the psychological bounds of the company.
In the global economy, such a creature could
have unprecedented mobility and astonishing
power. To support their position, some theo-
rists point to the Patriarch as an example of a
spirit that draws its meaning from an organiza-
tion rather than territory.

To date, there have been no reliable meet-
ings with or sightings of a Corporate Father (or
CSO, Chief Spirit Officer, as jargon hounds
would have_it). There is, however, a growing
acceptance among the Glass Walkers that it is
only a matter oftime. At least one Theurge has
put aside a pair of emergency pants against
that eventuality.

spirits, but more importantly they are resourceful
and practical. Each City Father is a unique entity
in the world of the spirit. When you deal with a
City Father, you deal with the man at the top ofa
very lonely totem pole.

What does this mean for the pack? It means that
there is only one pack that can claim to be Children
of the City, in any giv A City Father simply
does not have th Power to support
more than one
totem won't b
an eye out in
in a fight. If
spirits out o
better clear
Better yet, th:

CAapter Three: The Neon Web 81

— NT


such as crossing the Gauntlet together, still ap-
ply.) Most City Fathers choose packs that are
resourceful, knowing that they will often have to
work without guidance or supervision. Still, they
havea vested interest in success, so they will
provide what tools they can: talenms appropriate to
the occasion; mundane equipment; and money,
paper or plastic.

The last disadvantage is that the City Father
will always act in the best interest of the city, as
he perceives it..This will not always be in the best
interest of Gaia, or the Wyld, or the spotted owl.
This is somewhat mitigated by most City Father's
openness to negotiation. A Child: of the City
asked to lobby fora deal that will bring a pollut-
ing industrial plant and 500 jobs to the city can
counter-offer to find a manufacturer with a bétter
pollution record to fill the need. Garou working
for a City Father are in a-position to do great
good, but to get there they'll need to know how to
pick their battles.

The benefits of being a-‘Child of the City can
be tremendous within city limits..A City Father
usually commands a great deal of respect from rhe
spirits that live in his city. Even local servants of
the Weaver and Wyrm respect his authority to a
degree. This authority over the spirits of the city
is conferred to .the-pack (reflected—by the
Attunement gift they receive); they can ask ques-
tions and ger answers everywhere in town. This
doesn't necessarily carry over to spirits from "out
of town," so to speak, who-are usually trouble-
makers anyway. And any spirit will fight or run if
it is attacked or feels threatened.

Children of the City -also are gifred with a
thorough understanding of how their city works
topographically and dynamically (this is represented
by their 3 additional dice to Streetwise rolls). For
werewolves who previously got around with maps,
this allows them to recognize and locate important
places, and to navigate rush hour with aplomb. For
those who already knew their way ~-around, the
knack becomes clearly supernmatural..They know
every bolthole, bus stop and sewer access point, not
to mention when the meter maids make their rounds
and which of them are hot and single.

Lastly, the Children of the City get the benefit
of some ties to the Weaver, perhaps even Weaver
allies. The Glass Walkers have long taken such ties
for granted, but for members of other tribes, the
experience can be eye opening. If a pack member is
abducted to the Scar, for instance, the City Father

82 Book of the City

OLE ET EY LT A

can put on his best spider-silk suit, march along the
Pattern Web, stomp into an overseer's office and
demand the return of his valued and productive
employee —— and he just might pull it off. Packs that
have seen the city through the eyes of their City
Father totem will probably never again be comfort-
able with the old Garou ‘saw, "City Bad,..Forest
Good." Whether that's a good thing or a bad thing,
only time will tell.

For rules on City Fathers or Mothers as totem
spirits, see the totem section of the Appendix
(pg. 123).

typvpage

Good evening, and welcome to Chiminage 101.
Some of you are new tothe city, and some of you are
just plain new. Those of you who think ~ you've
already learned all you need to know about dealing
with spirits, sit tight anyway and listen. It's polite,
and you just might learn something.

First thing you should know is that chiminage is
one ‘of our words that leaked into a human tongue;
in this case; specifically French. There, it took ona

"pretty simple meaning, referring to a toll paid to

travel through someone's forest. See, you learned
something new already. Now obviously, the con-
cept is a little more complicated than that, some-
thing thar goes beyond forests. To us, chiminage
means a gift given to the spirits to encourage them
to look more favorably on the giver.

Yes, you will have to give chiminage t6 a sept,
usually to the Master of the Rite or the Warder, if
you want to use their resources, but intheory at least
they are accepting the gift as an agent of the caern's
totem. And no, chiminage is not a bribe or a quid
pro quo. It is a- gift, given freely..The distinction
may be fine, but it's there and it's important. Ameri-
cans have lost the fine art of gaining influence
through gift giving: just look at the Salt Lake City
Olympic Committee. To get anywhere in dealing
with the spirit world, -you'll have to relearn. it.

That's enough of a-general overview. -Here's
some specifics, city style.

Rule #1 is: Always have something on-you to
give away.Keep_a pocket full of little items that
might be useful; those things will have just as much
value to-an urban spirit as they have to you..A
subway token, a roll of duct tape, some cigarette
butts saved for later, any of these things will grease
the skids for a little bit of information. If you feel
that you must give aspirita lighter, please make sure
that it's almost empty, for all our sakes.

|


Te: ee

Vp ae A
© EE <A ; Rule #2a: The gift should be appropriate to the
~_ a spirit. Do your research. If you're trying to do some-
sy a y = thing important, like learn a gift or arrange a mutual
ae aa S ylP'|B cS defemse pact, a random gift isn't going to cut it. A
} SA ANT ~ N ~e B ‘ spool of copper wire is pretty attractive to an elec-
0 tric elemental. Piercing jewelry makes a fine gift for
<A AGS GS a pain-spirit — especially if you yank it out of your
SN , : = nipple to hand it over.
S : \ {i You can ignore Rule #2a, so long as you follow
° *; ran N Rule #2b: The gift should have relevance to
‘ : Q the giver. Spirits can sense your emotional con-
~ a) him nection things. They'll be honored by a gift that's

¢ oo important to you, even if it isn't particularly inter-
\ esting or useful to them. Your old Boy Scout
orienteering badge might thrill a spirit who knows
only concrete and glass if it holds your memories.
The car keys you got'on your sixteenth birthday

RS
‘

ae ) will carry an aura of freedom with it that any Wyld
me ° iu hi or Gaian spirit can appreciate. That leads me

aces mS nicely to my next point...
2 Rule #3: Never throw anything away. If you
a a y owe upgrade the memory in your machine, keep the old
Nw ~ ¥ aa ar stick; aspirit will want it, ifonly toeatit. Buy anew

PDA? Some forward-thinking Warder somewhere
will look swanky with your old one. This doesn't
apply only to technology, either. I've given a four-
foot tall stack of egg cartons to a spirit that hung
around an elementary school. And don't you wish
you'd kept your lava lamp? Never mind, you guys are
. all too young.

= Rule #4: Look to the old ways for inspiration.
Have you ever heard of Navajo sand painting,
where the goal was to create an impermanent work
ofartasagift rothe spirits? Youcan adapt that idea
here in the city, using chalk or spray paint as a
> medium. Or, for spirits that are more techno-
savvy, make a piece of digital art and upload it to
them. Make sure you erase your copies to preserve
the value of the gift, and definitely don't get
caught giving the same priceless original to two
Se spirits —— that's a reputation wrecker. Don't get
offended if they want to watch you work, though.
For many spirits, watching the act of creation is
the best part of the gift. Other old favorites, like
chocolate, corn, tobacco or bundles of other handy
5 herbs work well in here too, especially if you can
x pull off the giving with a native flair. Many of the
spirits who live here now still remember a time

i before the city was here.
2 a mis Rule #5: Don't give too much. Giving a gift
that's too extravagant isn't as bad as not giving a

"
—_
|
;
\
7)
QO ere


gift, butit's close: It makes you look either desperate
or stupid. Worse yet, if one guy consistently over-
tips, so to speak, the local spirits will come to expect
that treatment and we're all screwed. Save the
really original or valuable gifts for when you're
asking for favors that require a spirit to use initiative
and discretion. Stick to corporate culture style re-
wards for repetitive, rote tasks.

Those are the basic rules for giving chiminage
gifts. Now wé come-to intangible-forms .of
chiminage..There's a limit ‘to the amount of re-
spect you earn for even the perfect gift. If you're
asking a spirit for something really important,
youw ll have to prove your worth by doing the spirit
a favor or completing a quest.

This part of chiminage does come much closer
to quid pro quo —- you agree to do something and in
return receive the agreed-upon service upon comple-
tion. A small gift as a physical token of the agree-
ment is both welcome and appropriate. The gift also
serves as proof of the agreement, like keeping your
receipt. Any spirit that touches the gift object can
sense the pact that was made over it, and if the spirit
you give chiminage to is destroyed and the victor
claims the gift as spoils, you have the.right to
request the agreed-upon reward from the new owner
of the gift. You may not get it, and you may not want
anything from the new owner, but you do have the
right to make the claim:

The favors that spirits generally ask for run the
gamut from delivering messages to'ferrying cargo
to chasing out enemies. In the city you may be
surprised to find the spirits asking favors for — or
against — humans. Usually people don't matter
much .to spirits, but it's hard to ignore all.the
people inthe city, and so fondness for or animosity
towards humans are both more widespread. The
spirits might ask you to put a new roof on a poor
family's house, get rid ofa man who leers at kids on
the playground, or get the owner of anew age shop
to stop harassing spirits with her half-assed rituals
in the parking lot.

Quests are unpredictable and dramatic: The
thing thar distinguishes a quest from a favor is that
a quest serves the general good, and a favor serves
the interests of the spirit or those close to it. In
order to get a good tough quest, a spirit may even
consult up its chain of command for'an important
matter that needs attention. -Some.of you city
slickers may wind up in-the deep forest on some
spirit errand, while some of you country folk may
be here today on a wild goose quest. Finding the
last celebrant of a little-known rite and learning it

84 Book of the City

/ aaa LN

before she dies; defeating sorne disgusting squid-
like enemy; or tracking down a fetish that has
fallen into enemy hands — all this and more you
might be in for, if you agree to-a spirit quest.

LUhat You Cie

Why summon and treat with a spirit? The same
reasons you might do so anywhere else — to learn
Gifts, create fetishes or talens; and to have services
performed. It's the range Of services available that
might surprise you.

It might also surprise you how many city Garou
deal with spirits on their own behalf, instead of
waiting for someone else with all the convenient
Gifts and caern privileges to get around to doing it
for them. There's a simple reason for this, beyond
the practical issues and the do-it-yourself mystique
— almost every single spirit that lives in the city
éan speak the predominant human language of the
area. Only Gaian spirits might speak the Garou
tongue, and fewer of them bother every year. Just
because the spirit can talk to you doesn't mean that
it will, of course. They like to play it coy, some of
them, toseeif they can make you mad or to see what
you'll offer. See Rule #1 above for easy ways to get
them talking.

So just what might an urban spirit do for you
thar you can't have done outside city limits? Well
first, if you want information about a city, you'll
have to. get it from spirits that live there... Do
people go in and out of that "abandoned" ware-
house? Are those alligators, or something worse
in the sewers? Need to find out who sent an
anonymous email, but can't hack it on your own?
Want to monitor somebody's phone calls or pager
messages —- without a physical tap? Just find the
tight spirit..The value of simple advice on the
strength of the local gauntlet can't be overlooked,
either. The key to living to fight another day here
in the city just might be how well you've treated
your spirit allies.

To touch on Gifts again: you'll have to be ready
to make big chiminage deals in exchange for in-
struction: City caerms are usually weaker than those
in the wilds, so it's hard to find an honorable place
to treat with the spirits who can teach powerful
Gifts. There's also less tolerance in the city for the
experimentation it takes to learn a. gift from an-
other Garou —— no nightlong how!l-fests or strange
light shows except when absolutely necessary. So
you've got two options: go visit your country cous-
ins, or be prepared to make a nice offer to a spirit:


=o

ee

— Ey

Us =a). 3 Ya

=

es

~§

The Rite of Spirit Awakening can be used on
any non-sentient creature or item to rouse its spirit
to full wakefulness.. This isnot a rite to be enacted
in the city without forethought. Are you awakening
something you can take with you, or that you intend
to use then put back to-sleep immediately? If so,
proceed, but with polite caution —— there's no réll-
ing how a spirit will react to being awakened.-The
exception to that is plants: even tough sidewalk
weeds tend to be all sunny and cheerful when you
wake them up.

You'll need to defend the spirit once it is awak-
ened —— unusual spirits, like an awakened SUV or
fire hydrant, will get the attention of the spiders
that maintain the Pattern Web, and your newly-
awakened friend will get woven into the city back-
drop. Being calcified is mostly like being asleep for
aspirit,so that's no so bad until somebody moves
the spirit's physical "body" without first freeing the
spirit from the strands. Say you drop the keys for
your SUV withthe valet and jet off to Paris fora
weekend. Your ride gets attacked and glued down,
then the valet decides to park your SUV somewhere
else —- instant lemon. Once the spirit is ripped out

Chapter Three: The Neon Web

LE LP LY LL

of your vehicle, itll never work right again. Sell ic
before it falls to pieces.

Naw Sprite of the Bey
Ctrbiar PE OL Vigo

Thesé twisted brothers of the Fog totem enjoy
manifesting in the mists and dark of night to lure
unwary travelers to. their doom...These ‘spirits
have kept up with the times: rather than using
the bobbing light of a lantern to coax travelers off
the road, they mimic the taillights ofacar: Sleepy
or incautious drivers follow the car ahead of them
instead of the road, plunging off embankments or
steering directly into roadside trees..If there are
survivors, some will-o-wisps are vindictive enough
to try to wreck the ambulance on the way to the
hospital.

Willpower 3, Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Essence 18

Charms:. Airt Sense,.- Appear, Peek, Re-form,
Suggestion

Reggina gtr wt
These spirits are relatively new arrivals to the
Umbra. Some Theurges theorize that they were

85

born from the energy saved by re-using materials;
they certainly congregate at recycling facilities,
whether they were created there or not. They usu-
ally look like small land-dwelling hermit crabs,
carrying around shells made of glass or metal (some
particularly quirky spirits have opted instead for
paper-pulp palaces):

Recycling-spirits are rarély bound into fetishes
or talens,.as they have very few uses so bound.
Their power to cleanse blight can only be used on
trashed items or dumps -— their purpose is to make
those items safe to recycle. Their greatest talent is
in manipulating trashed items in the physical world:
removing the toxic metals from broken computer
monitors; peeling the paper and foil layers of items
apart for recycling; or, of most interest to the
Garou, of helping to craft beautiful mew items from
"Sunk." Recycling-spirits can help ‘a werewolf turn
a junkyard car into a suit of armor, or a pile of
broken glass into a refracting sculpture. In addi-
tion to the aesthetic benefits of their help, involv-
ing a recycling-spirit in the creation of a fetish or
talens using recycled parts makes binding almost
any urban spirit into the item significantly easier.
(Certain types of spirit,,-most notably any spirit
associated with money or greed, will resist being
put into such an item unless it looks like it could
fetch a good price at an overpriced boutique.) For
fetishes, reduce the difficulty of the fetish creation
ritual by 2. For talens; one additional talen of that
type is created for each spirit bound.

These spirits have a serious rivalry with the
brood of the Great Trash. Heap — every bit of
trash recycled rather than tossed is-a resource
stolen. from hungry little .trashlings. The trash
brood makes occasional hits against the recy-
cling-spirits,~ smashing "their little shells and
houses. In return, the recyclers raid the trash
heaps for the material to rebuild.. Bone Gnawerts
get involved in these tiffs on both sides, treating
it more like flag football than a real fight. As long
as both sides keep fighting, the Gnawers can rack
up favors from both parties.

Willpower 6, Rage 2, Gnosis 5, Essence 13

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Cleanse the Blight,
Re-form

PU pe ett Fiat cited Calpiftar SE ropa

These spirits -are also newcomers, both finding
a niche feeding on the Umbral répresentations of
the digital packets of information that fly through
the air like gnats on.a summer afternoon. When

86 Book of the City

nt nn ay

your cell call starts to break up in the heart of your
coverage area, one of these creatures is snacking on
your packets. In clearer areas of the Penumbra, like
over a city park or low-rise housing projects,you
can watch the sparrows dip and swoop or the bats
flutter in their daringly erratic. fashion, looking
almost precisely like their counterparts. Catch one,
and you can see the tracings of circuitry in their
wings, or the little electric gleam in their eyes.

The onslaught of inforrnation never stops: the
sparrows glut themselves on daytime communica-
tions, while the bats gorge in the evenings on free
nighttime calling then snack lightly through the
rest of the night. If caught or bribed, the spirits can
recall the bits of information they've found that
day; a whole neighborhood of them might each
havea piece of a given call. If a werewolf wants
information, it's easier for all concerned to make
arrangements ahead of time, so that the spirit can
shome in on the correct conversation and catch as
much of it as possible. If the Garou wants to com-
pletely stop a message from getting through, it may
be possible to wheedle the spirit into materializing
to catch the actual packets in the physical world.
The spirits dislike doing this, even though their
forms look entirely similar to real bats or sparrows.

Willpower 5, Rage 2, Gnosis 4, Essence: 11

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Snatch Wire-
less Packet, Swift Flight

Nonharplrrecie La OPL

These spirits are probably the single most com-
monly seen Wyldling in the city. They are drawn
to the chaos and rampant emotion around acci-
dents and catastrophes, from freeway pileups to
apartment building fires: Their name comes from
their appearance, flashing lights in red and blue,
often accompanied by their screeching imitation
of a siren.

Once they reach the scene, they inevitably
make things worse. They inflame the already taut
emotions of victims and witnesses, or cause gas lines
to rupture or unstable buildings to collapse by their
very presence. -A-single ambularice chaser could
turn a hostage situation into a slaughter of inno-
cents in minutes. The only benefit they provide is
proving an unerring guide to the trouble spot for
Umbral travelers. Garou wishing to keep their city
in one piece are advised to drive these spirits off
before anybody else gets hurt.

Willpower 2; Rage 7, Gnosis 4, Essence 20

Charms: Break Reality, Flee, Kindle, Re-form

|


Fea

When an aged widower dies; and his heirs find
the walls stuffed with coins and beads, either the old
man was alittle touched, or a packrat lives-some-
where nearby. The simple bushy-tailed woodrat has
adapted very nicely to city living ~~ at least in the
Umbra. Actual packrats live in cities in arid re-
gions, but spirit packrats have spread far beyond the
range of their material relatives:

Packrats are bright-eyed and curious; not to
mention acquisitive. It makes its home inside foun-
dation walls, and keeps its stash of shiny or inter-
estingly textured objects in.a chamber nearby, in
the physical world..Packrats have long thought
that electronics looked pretty interesting with all
those flashing lights and such, but for years the size
of the items was far larger and heavier than a
packrat could grab with its Acquisition charm.
The boom of miniaturization has made for gleeful
packrats, and has probably encouraged their spread
beyond their normal habitat... Handheld games,
MP3 players, PDAs,-even laptop computers are
spirited away by inquisitive packrats, played with
until the batteries die, then added to the packrat's
midden. They don't steal maliciously,-but they
could certainly become very fine thieves if some-
one put the idea in their furry little brains.

Willpower 5, Rage 2,Gnosis 6, Essence 13

Charms: Acquisition, Flee, Peek, Re-form
SEPSIS

Plenty of people comé'to the city in-search of
opportunities, but find themselves unable to leave.
The reasons for their "entrapment" are many and
varied —- the inability to save enough money to
move again, poorer job prospects elsewhere, and so
on. However, the desperate feeling of helplessness
has given rise toa particular form. of spirit, the
snare-spirits.

These spirits are-the embodiment of all the
various factors that keep people in bad neighbor-
hoods, dead-end jobs or empty relationships. They
appear something like metallic daddy-longlegs with
limbs of woven steel cable... Whenever they find
someone resigned that things will never get better,
that it's impossible to "leave," the snare-spirits feed
on that resignation and use the energy to forrify the
Gauntlet around said person's workplace or horme,
effectively cutting off any potential venue of hope
even further. Many Garou despise the snare-spirits
for further driving humans from the spirit world, but
others are willing to use the snare-spirits' particular
talents against the enemies of Gaia.

Se es es a Ae es ee

Willpower 5, Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Essence 16

Charms: Airt Sense,.Calcify; Solidify Reality,
Spirit Static
LY E98 AP ben Pyoody Vary

Very little is known about this horrifying créa-
ture; whether it is a spirit, even whether it exists at
all, is a matter of hushed debate. Kinfolk working in
social services in the southern United States began
to hear stories from the children in their care about
a-woman dressed in black with eyeless sockets that
wept black tears. This fearful apparition, called La
Llorona in Spanish, would appear in the middle of
the night to mark children for death. Most case-
workers ascribed this tale to nightmares, the spillover
of a rotten life. But werewolf Kin know that some-
times, monsters are real. When too many children
to ignore disappeared or turned up dead afrer whis-
pering this tale to an adult, the Kinfolk called on
the Garou for answers.

The results have been disturbing. A pack of
Black Furies in Miami attempted to summon Bloody
Mary with the method described in the children's
folklore: chanting the spirit's name before a mirror
in a darkened room. They reported failure —— and
then vanished several days after the failed attempt.
Spirits become defensive and evasive when asked
about La Llorona. Most disturbing of all, several of
the children killed appear to have been lost cubs.

The stories and sightings of Bloody Mary have
spréad all around the globe; every night, there are
children going to bed with hearts icy with fear. She
bursts through mirrors to snatch up her prey. She
strikes children across the face with a red rosary.
She sets the skin of young boys on fire with pain;
she destroys the will of young girls to reward her
followers, ruthless criminals who wreak havoc for
her delight, with pliable slaves.. But most com-
monly,.the children give one chilling. warning:
once Bloody Mary has seen your face, she willhunt
you until you are dead.

Willpower 5, Rage 10, Gnosis 7, Essemce 25

Charms: Blast, Blighted Touch; Create Fires,
Materialize,,Peek, Shatter Glass, Tracking

Storytelling Notes: Bloody Mary's legend is
strongest among: children,. particularly -homeless
children..She is the terrible mother that kills her
own sons and daughters,.the monster adult who
hates children just for being children. Her associa-
tion with blood makes her a particular demon for
young girls on the cusp of puberty, the embodiment
of all their fears. She is best used as a horrible legend

Chapter Three: The Neon Web 87


told by children'who believe utterly that she is more
powerful than God, that nothing can stop her once
she's been loosed. The reality is only slightly less
horrifying.

LAG AL SLES

The relationship between two non-warring sén-
tient beings is usually constrained by an artificial
set of rules..- These "laws" have taken ‘ona life of
their own, especially in recent times, and the spirits
of the laws abound. They attempt to ensure that
everything is done by the book and that crime
doesn't pay. Naturally, they are a serious pain in the
butt to Garou... Through proper manipulation,
though, it is possible for Garou to use them to their
advantage: Many a legal-spirit has been led to vari-
ous tainted corporations' accounting records for an
evening's monkeywrenching fun.

Legal-spirits come .in. Jaggling and Gaffling
forms..The Jagglings appear as small, thin middle-
aged men.wearing conservative glasses and dull
business suits. While physically unthreatening, the
seriousness of their tone and total lack of a sense of
humor often set those familiar with the ways of the
city on edge. Their Gafflings are gold, star-shaped
lights about the size of a hand. They simply act as
fact-finders and trackers for the Jagglings.

Jagglings

Willpower 8, Rage 6, Gnosis 8, Essence 22

Charms: Calcify, Control Electrical Systems,
Peek, Materialize, Spirit Static

Gafflings

Willpower 4, Rage 4, Gnosis 6, Essence 14

Charms: Calcify, Peek, Tracking

Afeprepre

Mersenme is a Prime number-spirit, who usually
does not take physical form. He may appear as an
abacus layered in ancient Greek inscriptions, or as
a computer graphic with infinitely complex, fractal
depths. He loves mathematics and number games;
he is always computing the value of pi to millions of
decimal places and claiming to have found mes-
sages, mysteries and secrets in the endless string of
random numbers. Mathematicians among the Garou
and enlightened Kin enjoy simply chatting with
him,-emailing him-endless video proofs and GIF
files of weird equations.

Mersenne's prime value is as a creator of codes.
Many Garou employ him .to create encryptions
unbreakable save by the most powerful mages. In
game terms, Mersenne may be induced by bargain-

88

Book of the City

ing to make email or a website incomprehensible;
he has Computers 5, Subterfuge 5 and Intelligence
6. A skill roll determines the number of dice that
the encryption has, but Mersenne must.be bribed
with interesting math problems or nifty stories of
code and cipher derring-do. He especially likes a
new tale, and these are difficult to find.

Willpower 9, Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Control Electrical (and
Electronic) Systems, Calcify, Encrypt, Solidify Re-
ality

New Spee Tiaras

« Acquisition: This Charm allows a spirit to
"borrow" a small object from the physical. world.
The object disappears from the material world and
appears in the Umbra; at the end of the scene, the
object disappears from the Umbra and reappears in
the physical world. If the item is moved or hidden
while in the Penumbra, it reappears in the appro-
priate place corresponding to its new location.
The object cannot be removed from the Penum-
bra, such as into a Near Realm; any attempt todo
so immediately shifts the item back into the physi-
cal world. In order ro use this Charm, the spirit
must roll Gnosis against the local Gauntlet. Items
larger than a stack of dollar bills or a drinking glass
require the expenditure of one Willpower point to
acquire; items larger than .a suitcase cannot be
acquired via this Charm.

* Appear: A spirit with this Charm may mani-
fest in front of an observer without assuming mate-
rial form. The spirit's manifestation is immaterial,
and cannot affect the physical.world in any way
without the use of other Charms that reach across
the Gauntlet. To activate the Charm, the spirit
must expend one Gnosis point; the spirit may ap-
pear, disappear or reappear to the selected observer
or observers at will for the temainder of the scene.

-- © Blee: This Charm gives the spirit an effective
Willpower of 15 for purposes of escaping a foe; this
includes any rolls that actively give the spirit a
chance to avoid the presence of others through
peaceful means. The cost is one Gnosis for every
three turns of flight.

© Information Flow Tap: The spirit can tap
into the flow of electronic data flowing between
two computers without interrupting that flow —
the spirit dips a finger into the digital stream be-
tween the machines, as it were, and then tastes the
data. The Storyteller rolls the spirit's Gnosis against

|


a difficulty equal to (10 - the local Gauntlet); one
success gives general information about the data
but cannot distinguish the message's contents if
encrypted or protected against magical intrusion.
Three successes will pierce mundane encryption.
Supernaturally <ncrypted data (see "Mersenne,"
above) resists this Charm using the Willpower of
the character that ensorcelled it.

* Kindle: The spirit with this Charm can kindle
the spark of life or emotion into full blaze. A spirit
may use this Charm to cause seeds to germinate,
fertilization to occur or fruit to grow on trees. The
spirit may also choose to use the Charm to kindle
powerful emotions into beings either in the mate-
rial world or the -Umbra;-the spirit makes a con-
tested Gnosis roll against the target's Willpower,

eee nee ce rs an enn Er ee

sucéess indicating the victim is consumed with the
appropriate emotion. Either use of this Charm costs
two Essence points.

* Snatch Wireless Packet: The spirit with this
Charm can grab cellular and digital packets coming
from or going to phones and pagers. Catching as
many packets as possible, and in the process some-
what disrupting communications in a small area,
requires a Willpower roll against the rating of the
Gauntlet. Finding a particular stream of packets, a
conversation, requires a Gnosis roll first against the
same target. Chasing down.all the packets ina
conversation, however, will cause enough static to
disrupt the call. After having consumed the pack-
ets, the spirit can recount the information the
packets contained if it so chooses.

CAapter TAree: The Neon Web

89

i


And then contemporary -skyscrapérs were so very =

anonymous — no signs or names, no pinnacle statues or
weathercocks or crosses, rio distinctive facades and cor-
nices, no architectural ornament at all: just huge blank
slabs of featureless stone, or concrete or glass that was either
sleekly bright with sun or dark with shadow. Really, they
might well be the "gargantuan tombs or monstrous vertical
coffins of living humanity,.a breeding ground for the worst
of paramental entities" that old de Castries kept ranting

about in his book.

=~ Fritz Leiber, "Our Lady of Darkness"

As Storyteller, you have a lot of choices to make
when portraying cities in your chronicle. You'll want
to figure out first whether your chronicle is set in and
around a given city, or whether the city is merely a
distant presence that is rarely visited. In a more
globetrotting game, the pack may even visit many
cities. Next, ask yourself whether you want to use areal
city or one of your own creation; there are advantages
to each option. You might want to go midway; use a
real city as a template, then apply your own changes to
fit it into your own chronicle. Finally, decide the
theme and mood in which you want to present in the

city: Do you want tobe fairly realistic, giving the place
both light and dark parts? Does it fit your chronicle
better if the city is a filthy den for Wyrm and Weaver
¢reatures to fight it out and feed on humans within? Or
perhaps you have another mood in mind — maybe one
city in your game has a spark of light and hope, while
another is right out of a noir crime novel.

Parke of fle CHY

If you want to put rogerher an interesting city to be
the focus of your chronicle (or even just as the center
of afew stories you want to tell) it helps if you pick out

Chapter Four: Urban Legends 91

> nn ES A IT

t

some defining features for the city. Below is a by-no-
means-exhaustive list of possible features to consider.
For each feature, one or two possible story themes are
also listed, and you should certainly expand and de-
velop any of them that you wish to use. You can easily
turn any of the themes below on its head: Perhaps you
want the church to represent vigorous assault on the
infidel, as during the Inquisition, rather than having it
represent sanctuary (as described below). By all means
do so; this isn't intended as a restrictive list but rather
as suggestions and possible inspiration.

Borchat

From a storytelling perspective, the church repre-
sents a bastion of safety for most humans, who turn to
the church .as sanctuary from the concerns of the
outside world. In your city chronicle, the church can
act as humanity's defense against the Delirium, erected
to protect mortals from the unknown terrors of the
night that the Garou were during the Impergium. You
can put this into practice by having important (non-
Kinfolk) Storyteller characters take shelter in churches.

The church is also humankind's link to 'a-greater
spiritual universe: (Camps like the Black Furies' Order
of the Merciful Mother know this, and take advantage
of it. The church can be a wonderful tool for bringing
humans into a greater sense of awe and wonder about
the mysteries of the universe, rather than letting the
relentless press of the Weaver and Wyrm lead them
into thinking that all is degraded mechanicity.

Finally, a-church ¢an bea. stronghold for the
Weaver —~ a place where dogma reigns over genuine
love and comfort. Many people have used the props of
organized religion to suit their own ends in the past,
and that hasn't changed. While it may be over the top
to suggest that all or even most churches (or church-
goers) are agents of repression and conformity, the
"church gone wrong" makes avery striking and memo-
rable foil for Garou and their strong emphasis on
spirituality.

Ey lta

Every city has a core bureaucracy to provide ser-
vicés and elected leadership to provide guidance..At
least, that's the theory..Reality rarely matches that
ideal. Most often, in the World of Darkness, the city's
bureaucracy exists primarily to further itself, and the
leadership exists to provide graft and services to those
that helped get the leadership elected, im order to
assure reelection.

The parallel here is nearly irresistible. It is entirely
in theme to cast the city bureaucracy as a reflection of
the calcifying Weaver and the city's elected leadership
as a tool of the Wyrm. You can do this by keeping the

92 Bosk of the City

LE Le Ls TE ———— LT A

city's sérvices away from Garou characters. In order ta
deal with. seemingly simple problems (such as city
taxes, parking tickets, orjury duty) the characters must
go down to City Hall, wait in line, find out they're in
the wrong line, fill out paperwork, wait hours or weeks
for a response ~~ which will no doubt tell them:to fill
out more paperwork, or file ah amendment to the form
they already filed —- and so on. The Weaver ensnares
everything in this fashion.

The elected officials of a city may be either tools of
the Wyrm or simply a reflection of it. While a bargain
with a hideous creature from the outer darkness is
probably a drastic solution to your desire to become the
Registrar of Wills, mayors and other high city officials
might well be in league with established forces of the
Wyrm in town.

The computer industry, particularly the Internet,
is coupled tightly with the Patrern Web -and the
Weaver's grand design of rigid order and tight plan-
ning. Every human process that is subjugated to soft-
ware flow and every interaction that rakes place over
the Internet instead of in person pushes more energy
into the Weaver's waiting.arms. While the Glass
Walkers and some other werewolves use computer
technology toward Gaian ends,.few Garou entirely
trust something that sprang so obviously out of the
Weaver's hands. And many Garou are very ignorant
about computer-engineering, and can't easily tell if
software or hardware work is especially Weaver-ori-
ented. Accordingly, computer industry companies re-
éeive a disproportionate share of Garou attention —
innocuous software houses filled with computer engi-
neers who couldn't surmmon. a Mountain Dew if the
vending machine were broken might receive periodic
Umbral inspection. :

Garou suffer from a dichotomy of thought about
biotechnology. It's obvious to most of them that mod-
ern medicine is good for humans; it has extended their
lifespans and made them healthier throughout their
lives... But the less-tolerant tribes say that modern
medicine has enabled sickly and weak humans to live
who would have perished in:harsher times. They
believe that this indulgence has allowed the humans to
run roughshod over the globe, secure in the belief that
no force of nature could permanently harm them asa
species. Biotechnology labs and large hospitals serve as
loci of conflict among the Twelve Tribes; those labs or
hospitals that clearly do the work of the Wyrm have to
be destroyed, but Garou disagree about what to do with
more mundane facilities. Garou activity regarding
such places depends on the local politicalstructure and


spirit world: if traditional, warlike tribes like the Red
Talons hold sway, labs and hospitals suffer regular
attacks, while if the Children of Gaia are dominant,
similar facilities are exempt from monkeywrenching.

Fixe Legg sidensS

Determine whether your city has a paid fire de-
pattment or a volunteer squad. Professional, paid fire
departments are quicker to respond to calls and almost
always have better equipment than volunteers do. Pros
don't have day jobs that keep them away from the
station house, so there's very little delay berween a call
going out and theirs arrival on-scene. This is not to
disparage volunteer firefighters, of course; they train
hard and are dedicated to their second jobs. Also
consider the skill of the city's fire investigators. Tal-
ented fire investigators can determine an awful lot
about the source of a fire, flammables consumed, and
the fire's path without using modern technology. When
spectroscopy is added into the mix, there's very little
that can be hidden from a good fire investigator. Of
course, the Garou have an ace in the hole when
dealing with mundane investigations —— they have
Gifts and rites, and access to a rich spirit world.

From a Storytelling standpoint (and a Garou stand-
point), the response and skill of firefighters can impact
a game in.a couple of different ways. First, if the
characters are monkeywrenching a facility inside city
limits, it's useful to know what kind of firefighters are
nearby and what kind of response times they have. In
the United States, the typical professional fire com-
pany responds to a call within 3 to 4 minutes, a time
that includes the entire span from alarm to arrival
onsite..So, from the time a fire alarm goes. off,
monkeywrenching Garou won't have much time; they'd
best be sure to do all their damage in a hurry. Secondly,
it's entirely possible that a member of the troupe's pack
might be a firefighter; it's a profession well suited to the
Garou's temperament and resiliency.

A featty Sad lIey

Manufacturing facilities, whether for basic mate-
rials like polystyrene or steel rebar or for more complex
products like automobiles, churn out a lot of pollution
and damage Gaia over a vast area. Not all manufactur-
ers serve the Wyrm ——in fact, almost none of them do.
Even the majority of companies that are part of the
Pentex conglomerate do not directly advance the
Wyrm's agenda on Earth in any obvious fashion. Of
course, that doesn't stop the more radical members of
the Garou Nation from wanting to destroy them all.
That aim might well bring those werewolves into
direct conflict with city Garou, who might prefer to

i

work against polluters through indirect means (the
legal systermn and public exposure) and focus their
attacks on direct servants of the Wyrm.

If you want to pose complex moral questions to
your players, you might create a polluting heavy indus-
try site that is absolutely critical to the city's economy,
either in the short term — like the local power plants;
or in the long term —— such as Detroit's automakers.
Surely, if these places harm Gaia, they need to be shut
down, but is it better to attack them directly, or go after
them in more subtle fashion? The situation can be-
come more complicated if the Wyrm and Weaver
minions of the city don't actively use the industrial
sites, preferring more subtle ploys.

Another consideration for story purposes is the
designation and development of "brownfields" sites in
old industrial cities. These are locations that were
poisoned by longtime polluters and are recently re-
zoned toward commercial or residential development.
Such developments are ripe for Wyrm manipulation:
in most cities, real estate developers need only to show
that there is no obviously harmful chemical residue at
the surface or tainting the local groundwater. All sorts
of psychoactive, bizarre, ot outright poisonous chemi-
cals might exist deep enough that they wouldn't have
an obvious or fast effect on workers or residents in the
new development. This sort of subtle corruption fits
the Wyrm's modus operandi almost perfectly.

Mitesh CEMSOL

Many cities have halfa dozen or more large hospi-
tals spread out throughout town..Hospitals are large
employers, and many of their employees are somewhat
hardened against the sort of terrible memories that the
Delirium calls forth. This is especially true for the staff
of the emergency department.

Ofe E7aflrs atte

At your discretion, hospital employees who
are routinely exposed to horrific trauma may act as
though their Willpower is one ortwo points higher
for purposes of coping with the Delirium. This
might not be appropriate for all emergency per-
sonnel — very few of them run into monstrous
half-wolves —- but particularly steely nurses and
EMTs could well brush off the appearance of a
Garou if they're focused on an ongoing trauma.
On the other hand, you might simply want to
provide such workers with higher Willpower traits,
which is entirely appropriate for their line of work.

Chapter Four: Urban Legends 93

a LL LT LL


a

A werewolf in Homid or Lupus form still de-
tects as pure human or wolf to modern DNA
testing and spectroscopy (Glabro, Cririos and Hispo
blood samples tend to be classified as "contami-
nated"). But a Garou's powers of regeneration can
complicate medical records, considering that some
wounds on their records won't even be present as
sears if they make repeat visits to the ER. With the
rise of Corporate style hospitals umder the control
of vast conglomerates, it is nearly impossible fora
Garou to know where his medical records might
end up. Therefore most Garou find it imperative to
avoid hospitals and medical centers at all costs.
Garou can certainly seek our the services of Kin-
folk doctors, nurses,-or midwives, but this should
be informally done, not handled through the ad-
mitting desk of a hospital.

As places where plenry of humans die, spirits of
death and ghosts lurk in nearly every hallway of a
hospital. Garou. who wish.to commune with the
spirits of the dead could do worse than investigating
the Umbra of a hospital. Silent Striders, with their
affinity for ghosts, find themselves besieged in the
area around a hospital, .as.the dead beg them to
resolve one last task or hungrily larch onto them.
Speaking of the dead, hospital blood banks also
attract vampires, beings that the Garou always need
to watch out for.

Atyssoins C2 flares

The classic comic book use for museurns is as a
storage house for old, sinister artifacts with hidden
powers that are conveniently stolen by the wrong
people at a critical juncture. This can work ina
Werewolf game, as well. It's completely plausible
that an old fetish is uncovered on an archaeological
dig, and whatever shapeshifter faction.finds out
about it decides they'd like it for themselves. This
story hook shouldn't be overused, but it's a classic
for good reason.

But museums are also places to contact the
tore benevolent spirits associated with human
civilization. Whether the museum is dedicated to
art or history, it attracts a certairm kind of visitor,
someone that's usually interested in learning and
respectful of the exhibits. A museum can serve as
a perfect place to contact ancestor-spirits, spirits of
knowledge or art,.spirits of extinct animals, or
perhaps even a City Father or Mother. The Bone
Gnawer camp of Frankweilers is the most obvious
group that takes advantage of this spiritual con-
nection, but sneaking into a museum to enact a
Rite of Summoning is.a powerful scene for any
pack —~even Red Talons: After all, how better to

OL rs,

94


summon the spirit of mighty Mammoth than to be
touching the bones of one of his kin?

Libraries can usually be used in much the same way
as museums, save that the emphasis is less on artifacts

--amd more on books. They're repositories of informa-

tion that can seriously benefit many Knowledge checks,
and some might even have a few tomes of occult lore
down. on the shelves. And if a character discovers a
copy of the Chronicle of the Black Labyrinth in the
stacks, who else might have read that particular bit of
blasphemy? A college student?.A librarian? A mage?
Possibilities, possibilities....

HM itiipapy Poatet

Military bases fill many roles ina city chronicle:
First of all, in some modern fiction, a city's military
base has at least one cache of top-notch weaponry and
high-tech gear.. This is not realistic for some minor
bases, so as Storyteller you'll want to decide whether
the local military base leans more toward the realistic
or the fantastic. A base that does have a lot of weap-
onry and cool gear may become something of a battle-
ground for the city's supernatural population, as differ-
ent factions try to get enough influence over the base
that they can sneak equipment off-base for use in their
own internecine battles.

Military activity can also have an impact on -the
city's spirit world. Few bases in the United States
(other than Pearl Harbor and bases that date back to
the Civil War) have seen direct military activity, so it
isn't as though the mere existence of the Rock Island

" Arsenal in the Quad Cities will yank the Umbra of that

metropolitan area closer to the Plain of Battle. But the
regimentation and strict hierarchy of the military are
strong signals to the Weaver's spirits, and no doubt

plenty of Epiphlings of order and the chain of com-

mand thrive in the Umbra of military bases.

Kaeo

The average police response time in the United
States is about ten minutes from emergency call to the
officers arriving om scene; as above, with fire depart-
ments, the length of that response time can be critical
to Garou engaged in illegal or semi-legal activity
within city limits. Leadership of the police department
is often determined by direct election; the Chief of
Police, while under the city's mayor, doesn't always
have to report to the mayor if he's an independently
elected official.. As Storyteller, you might exploit that
difference for your chronicle; perhaps the mayor is a
law-and-order crusader while the chief of police is a
corrupt thrall of the Wyrm. Or the other way around.

Police officers are not combat-trained soldiers.
Even SWAT teams aren't well prepared to face Garou.

Senne sam.ne wanes aurea aces ere Nei i ie

Should the troupe's pack go up against these people
in direct cormbat, remember that most police officers
are vulnerable to the Delirium and will flee or panic
rather than fight Garou intelligently. However, the
average city's police force has a good number of
talented investigators and when they want to find the
real culprit behind a crime they can make a remark-
ably good stab at it. Watch a few episodes of your
preferred gritty TV crime drama to get an idea of the
kind of legwork and investigation police in the World
of Darkness likely go through. A driven, intelligent,
and experienced investigator can make a great foil for
your troupe's pack.

Of course, this is the World of Darkriess,; which
means that corruption within the police force is ex-
pected and common. Corruption doesn't necessarily
imply Wyrm-taint —~ there are dozens of sources of
easy money for a dishonest cop to take advantage of,
and not all willleave the same spiritual mark. Bribes
offered to overlook drug deals or organized crime are
one thing, but there are also bribes from politicians or
corporate executives for officers to look in ome direc-
tion, or from nosey reporters asking that the cop look
in another direction entirely. You cam use the still-
living husk of a police department riddled by imternal
corruption to represent all sorts of things thematically
in your city — is the city itself representative of this
kind of internal decay, or are there powerful super-
natural (perhaps undead) forces at play within the
city's infrastructure?

) bor Natgliorltooge

It's tempting to suggest that a city's poor neighbor-
hoods are dominated by minorities and immigrants,
but that's far from. the ‘truth .in most cities. Poor
neighborhoods are just as diverse as the middle-class
and upper-class neighborhoods — if not more diverse,
as minorities and immigrants have a harder tirme with
upward mobility, especially in the World of Darkness.

Poor doesn't necessarily mean violent or criminal
«= the majority of those near the poverty line in any
given city are peaceful people who have no interest in
harming others or taking what isn't theirs. But in the
World of Darkness, people of all classes are edgy and
desperate, and no one is more desperate than someone
on the very bottom of the social ladder in a dark city
oppressed by lurking creatures of the night. Gangs are

"more prevalent in the World of Darkness than they are

in the real world, and organized crime has a stronger
foothold in every city..To top it off, governmental
reforms put a lot of violently mentally unstable people
back onto the street in the last few years.

So while living in a poor neighborhood "might
have its advantages, and while the majority of people

Chapter Four: Urban Legends 95

ee i


the Garou might rum into in such a' neighborhood
would be hardworking and decent, the troupe's pack is
probably more-likely to run into trouble in a poor
neighborhood than a well-off one. Thankfully for the
Garou, unless they encounter a nest of Wyrm-ridden
foes, the typical humans they encounter in‘such an
area are vulnerable to the Delirium and are no match
for a werewolf in a stand-up fight.

Bone Gnawers tend to act as social glue in poor
néighborhoods they choose to live in; despite the
Gnawers' status as the eternal-omega wolf of the
great pack of the Garou, the average Bone Gnawer
is tougher than any human he runs into. Add in the
fact that the Gnawers are incredibly resourceful and
their Theurges have plenty of street wisdom, and
packs of Bone Gnawers can easily hold asmall urban
community together against forces that might oth-
erwise pull it apart.

SOL

A-gamé centéred ona pack of low-rank Garou is
likely to have a few characters that, if they were
human, would still be atrending school every day. And
in your chronicle it might work out for the best if some
or all students were still in school. The entertainment
potential of the juxtaposition between fighting evil
and the mundanity of study halland pep rallies is worth
considering —— think of Buffy the Wyrm-Slayer and
you've got the right idea:

Monkeywrenching Garou would do well to re-
member just how much personal information is held in
school records ——~ addresses, social security numbers;
medical information, photocopies of parents' proof of
address (or, at private school, parents' financial records)
can all be had by breaking into the school district's
central records facility.

On a less pleasant note, the Deéefiler Wyrm takes
particular enjoyment in the suffering of innocent chil-
dren or adolescents. Wyrmish cults, Black Spiral Danc-
ers or other pawns of the Defiler may look at a school
as something ofa hunting ground for potential victims.
Remember to keep your players' sensibilities in mind
before you explore this avenue, but few things illus-
trate the corrupt nature of the Bane hierarchy better
than their ability to feed on crimes of this magnitude.

OCS

Probably the first thing that comes to mind when
the zoo is mentioned in a Werewolf context is "urban
wolf Kinfolk." And true, that is one potential use fora
zoo, even if the wolves in azoo aren't necessarily going
to produce the most well-adjusted lupus offspring. It's
also a use that isn't restricted to the Garou Nation —

96 Book of the City

LEE he LT PY A

Black Spiral Dancers may try to maintain "stock" in
the zoo, as might other Fera. Of course, the zoo is a
fairly obvious place to stake out for shapeshifter in-
volvement; even if there is.a. Balam in the city, he
probably knows that his enemies might be watching
the jaguar exhibit fairly closely. The same goes true for
werewolves —— a vampire that suspects werewolves in
the area will probably devore at least a little bit of
resources to keep an eye on the local zoo to make sure
no wolves are hopping the fence either way.

A. zoo is also a-potential place to-contact various
animal spirits; a Galliard seeking to learn Eye of the
Cobra might want to stake out the reptile house to find
a spirit teacher. The downside, of course, is that the
Weaver unavoidably has some presence in any zoo,
and localanimal spirits may bea little "off" for the local
influence. Furthermore, az00 might be a handy source
for materials that have useful spirit resonance; if your
might-boosting fetish needs a little buffalo hair bound
into it to appease the spirit, -there's no better place to
find a Cape buffalo-in North. America.

Finally, a zoo is an excellent place to make con-
tacts, and a superb place for human Kinfolk, purely in
the interests of veterinary medicine. With all these
factors in mind, it's fairly obvious that while it's no
substitute for actual wilderness, a zoo -is a valuable
resource for urban septs, as well as for visiting packs.

Page

In many ways,a park is where the residents ofacity
go to actually breathe for a little while. Although a
park isn't immune to the pollution and general prob-
lems of the urban environment, such problems are
somewhat lessened there. People relax, walk their
dogs, play games and generally have a more positive
experience than they do at work. This spiritual sense
of well-being can rub off on the Penumbra of a park,
giving Gaian' or Wyld spirits just that extra bit of
strength to resist both Weaver and Wyrm.

On the other hand,-parks see their fair share of
pain, particularly at night. In the World of Darkness,
the ghosts of people who were murdered or buried
there may haunt a park. Some awareness groups draw
chalk outlines on the sidewalk where women were
raped, to remind others just how real a problem this is;
each outline might appear in the Penumbra as well.
When even parks are places of potential danger and
taint, the chronicle gains an exceptional edge.

A -raré few parks are-so well designed that they
éan actually support or even hide a Garou sept. The
most famous example is New York City's Central
Park, a huge park designed by the Bone -Gnawer
Kinfolk Frederick Law Olmstead. These parks lie

|


under continual siege, invaded by éver-increasing
numbers of humans each year and likely under the
scrutiny of the local vampires to boot..Such a place
could be the focus, or at least the starting point, foran
entire chronicle.

Sift

There's a natural mistrust between suburban resi-
dents and city residents, but each depends on the
other. Those in'the city tend to think of the suburbs as
empty, soul-numbing places where the only thing to
do is go to the mall; suburban residents fear the city as
too violent a place to spend time outside of the work-
day. Both are wrong — the suburbs have life, and the
city has peace —— but-in the World of Darkness the
stereotypes are more accutate.

In a Werewolf chronicle, the subirbs represent
safety —— or, more properly, the illusion of safety.
Suburbs are not inherently safer than cities, and the
Wyrm can hide in suburban neighborhoods. Gaia and
the Wyld are almost entirely absent in the suburbs,
despite the greenery —— the ranch house-on a .9 acre
plot has a lush yard and beautiful garden primarily
because the energies of life are subverted and redi-
rected by chemicals and tools.

The Garou often ignore the suburbs; comcentrat-
ing their attention either on the heart of the city —
where the Weaver and Wyrm are both strong — and
on the rural and wilderness sectors —— where the Garou
are strong. The suburbs lie somewhat berween, and
shape the hearts and souls of those hurnans raised
there. While not the most important battlefield, they
shouldn't be wholly overlooked.

Chestep fiat

University settings ate familiar'to many players
of Werewolf, and this familiarity can provide a good
touch point with which to play up the differences
between the World of Darkness and the real world.
You can couple that with the theme of exclusion and
being an outcast that comes of being a werewolf to
show university life through a dark and cynical lens.
In this view, many college athletes and members of
fraternities and sororities (the "in-crowds") are dark,
cliquish villains-in-training; they are members of Ivy
League secret: societies, date rapists, and abusive
drunken marauders. ;

Garou won't find forces of the Wyrm lurking in the
bowels ofa fraternity house (well, they probably won't...),
but they are likely to find the influence of the Weaver
and Wyrm elsewhere on campus. Campus research
labs are rarely well-secured, but often raise the Gaunt-
let quite high: as they beat away the spirit world and

SS cicero es ene

invoke the Weaver's mechanistic worldview to-ex-
plain all that goes on. Hlegal and unethical research
may cause a biology labro build up a mild Wyrm-taint,
one made stronger with less ethical, cruel research or
the outright attention of Wyrm-spirits.

Given the collective attitude of the Garou toward
material wealth and its impact on Gaia, only a few —
the Silver Fangs, perhaps the Shadow Lords and Glass
Walkers —live in a wealthy neighborhood them-
selves. For most werewolves,-a trip into a wealthy part
of town is one undertaken for a story-driven purpose.
Generally a ritzy neighborhood is in your game either
to show off a particular Storyteller character's wealth
and influence, or to .provide a_ target. for
monkeywrenching,. kidnapping, or similar attacks
against a wealthy enemy-.

What: sorts: of fashionable neighborhoods does
your city have? Rirzy high-rise apartment buildings
lead to different sorts of stories than suburban en-
claves with gated driveways. Wealthy city apartmient
buildings concentrate dozens if not hundreds of people
into one place, have high security but tightly inter-
connected systems — electricity, computer network-
ing, sewage, and heat are all distributed throughout
the building. Enterprising stimmoners can use that to
their advantage —- a net spider with the Control
Electrical.Systems or Short Out Charms (see
Werewolf, p. 238-9) can easily dance through several
computer systems in One apartment building looking
for the one it needs, for instance. Several Glass
Walker Gifts such as Power Surge, Elemental Favor,
or Universal Interface (from Tribebook: Glass Walk-
ers) as well. as Weaver charms like those in the
Appendix can affect whole buildings at once with a
spectacular success (5 or more successes —— assume
that 3 or more successes will suffice to hit an entire
floor of a building). Entry to these buildings is tightly
controlled; with the only points of access being the

front door (which. surely has at least one security.

guard), the roof (locked and alarmed), or an under-
ground parking garage (access by key or electronic
security system).

Suburban enclaves with large houses, big yards,
and high security provide other kinds of obstacles, and
other kinds of benefits... Amyone in the World of
Darkness with a big home is sure to have a security
system. Only the wealthiest humans (Resources 5+
and Influence 3+) will have security guards on-site
round the clock, and even most of them will just have
a bodyguard or two. Only powerful pawns of the Wyrm
are likely to have trained security guards available.

Chapter Four: Urban Legends o7

Re LS ET ENN


A —

Police also patrol these neighborhoods closely; Garou
should expect a police response to any loud or violent
activity in five minutes or less (roll a die and divide by
two, if you wish to choose at random, but it's probably
best to tie the police response time to the needs of the
story, and have the cops show up when it's dramati-
cally appropriate).

Sart C2 Nigltopilt

Finally, bars and nightclubs are probably the most
popular veriues for an urban story. Obviously, they're
places for characters to go and look cool for a bit, to
impress the ladies (or lads) and perhaps relax. They're
also hunting grounds for vampires (and also to some
extent, for Banes and fomori); which-makes them
strong candidates for sites of conflict. The "fight in the
nightclub/bar" is a staple of urban action movies, and
acreative Storyteller can find plenty of savage, bloody
ways to introduce wérewolves into the mix.

Then again, since Garou can sée the deeper
spirituality of things, these hangouts might not be
quite as much fun. A nightclub or bar can be away to
emphasize the more decadent side of city life —- the
young of a'city, slowly killing themselves with drugs
or alcohol in -an.attempt to somehow enjoy life
without having to actually live it. Those who go to

clubs for sex place mo meaning on the act,~and
sometimes even violate their partners just to get their
jollies — date rape drugs are disgustingly common in
the World of Darkness. At the same time, a nightclub
can showcase some of the frenetic energy of a-city,
tinged with desperation.

Finally, it's not outside the realm of possibility that
a few rare nightclubs (mo more than one in any city)
cater explicitly to a certain supernatural clientele. A
Glass Walker sept might have a particular club within
their bawn, asa place where Kin and Garou can mingle
and unwind —— or a few vampires may have staked out
a club as their exclusive feeding ground. Storytellers
who enjoyed the opening scene of Blade can probably
figure out what to do with the latter....

Peal C4 tite fle
LUE Of LAPKBEL

This*may seetn obvious to éven the most casual
reader, but cities in the real world aren't nearly as
terrible as cities in the World of Darkness. When you
first start to formulate your city chronicle (or ciry-
based stories in a broader chronicle) you must decide
how realistic you want your city to be. Neither choice
below is wrong; each one simply has different demands


and will present different challenges and themes to
your troupe. Both choices below ate rather broad, and
there's plenty of room for variation within each and
if you run a-city-hopping chronicle; you should defi-
nitely vary the feel of your cities, differentiating them
from one another (see "Many Cities," below).

Lr Cpa

Inthe very darkest cities, the bleakest tropes of the
World of Darkness are front and center... There are no
good guys in this place: There is very little light.
Everything is in shades of gray, and the grays aren't too
bright. Protagonists —the troupe's pack —— may be the
only good people in town, but itis more likely that they
have personal demons of their own, and are only able
to achieve good ends after great personal sacrifice.
These cities are entirely in-theme fora Werewolf game
on the cusp of the Apocalypse. Cities are infestations
ofthe Weaver and Wyrim, blighted scabs on the surface
of Gaia, roiling with the stink and filth of millions of
apes all obsessed with killing one another to get to the
top of the heap. They are terrible places, and the Red
Talons might well be right. that it's time to restart a
more vicious and permanent Impergium just to scrub
them from the surface of the universe.

SS

This sort of city ismost appropriate forachronicle
that doesn't spend too much time in civilization. A
pack full of Red Talons, or other Garou of the deep
wilderness, might find the city to be this dark. There's
a skeleton in every closet and a monster in every
neighborhood, if not every family. Use these kinds of
cities as hostile places full of enemies. Organizations
from the police to the PTA. are dangerous for the
Garou, either wanting to exterminate them for "pub-
lic safety" or to "help" them into hospitals. City rribes

‘and city septs are under siege; Pattern spiders infest

the "Umbra and Wyrmspawn. infect every -squalid
tenement apartment. You could set a chronicle en-
tirely in-such a city,-with urban Garou, burt in all
likelihood it would be ashort-run game. Stretching it
out too long defies plausibility (the characters would
surely be killed eventually in such a place) and defies
your players' tolerance for an extremely bleak and
gloomy setting?

Sothis kind of city isn't very conducive to running
a fully urban chronicle. A-pack of Glass Walkers, Bone
Gnawers, and theirhangers-on would have theirhands
too full just trying to stay alive in such ahellhole ro get
any of Gaia's work done there. After a decade of such
activity, even the most progressive werewolves might


agree that the cities must be destroyed to save Gaia.
Although an unrelentingly hostile city is entirely in-
theme for a chronicle whose point is that the cities are
hostile and awful places, scale back on the gloom fora
game that takes place in a city all the time.

Instead, in a dark city game that focuses on the
city, let there be some points of light. Innocents,
idealists, and children all bring hope to such a game.
One of the real advantages to brightening the contrast
a little bit is that you can throw mystery into your
game. In an unrelentingly dark city, there is no doubt
that there are dark misdeeds going on down at the
hospital on the edge of the projects. In a more typical
World of Darkness city, there might be bad things going
on in there, or the doctors and nurses might really have
the best interests of their patients at heart. It's impos-
sible to know without investigating, and that makes
generating your stories much easier.

Reaifls" Cifsas
You might prefer to tune your city more toward
reality —— or at least, more toward the sort of reality

seen in modern television dramas like Law & Order or
Homicide. Here the shades of gray run across a more
varied spectrum, although still erring toward the
darker side. (Werewolf is a horror game, after all.)
The most obvious advantage of this approach is that
the players have more investment in the setting. If
they actually care about the inhabitants of a city and
believe that there are plenty of good people in resi-
dence, they'll be more inclined to stick their necks
out and make the city a better place. The downside is
that players may get a touch more complacent, anda
bit less used to dealing with any truly bleak or dark
elements of the chronicle.

Chronicles like this are easy enough to run; the
best resource you have is the current media. Newspa-
pers, headlines, TV urban dramas and the like are all
sources of inspiration, and don't need to be exagger-
ated all that much. And if you decide you'd rather
have the game be a bit darker as you play, it's easy
enough to subtly intensify the mood. Such an ap-
proach even has the advantage of basic story con-
struction —~— things get more intense as you reach a
climax. What could be better?

Cheha Legenat

Urban legends represent the folklore of the mod-
ern day. In the World of Darkness, the folklore of
ancient days turns out to be truer than anyone would
realize; it stands to reason, then, that modern-day
folklore would also have a strong grain of truth to it. It
can be entertaining to turn urban legendry into horror
for purposes of an urban Werewolf story.

L100

Book of the City

LEE Ln Ts OT Te OT A A

A good way to make sure that the pack doesn't
pay too much attention to initial reports and urban
legends is to introduce these kinds of rumors and
freakish stories regularly over time. If you just drop
a single urban legend into a game's run, it's going to
call attention to itself by your emphasis on it, but if
you regularly make reference to new urban legends,
such as the story of the guy who had his kidneys
removed and left in a tub of ice, or the "WELCOME
TO THE WORLD OF AIDS" story, your players
and their characters will start to disregard the leg-
ends —— at least, until something causes the pack to
confront them.

It isn't terribly hard to develop an urban legend
story into a good Werewolf session. First, look at a
book or website on urban legends, and skim around
for appropriate seeming stories. Stories of mysterious
strangers, corporations that are polluting the envi-
ronment or intrdéducing strange chemicals into their
products for no apparent reason, or violent attacks
with a weird nonsensical element to them are all very
appropriate for Werewolf urban games. After reading
a few tales, figure out how these stories could be
literally true in the World of Darkness. They don't all
have to be manifestations of the Wyrm or the dark
parts of the spirit world ——..mysterious strangers or
violent attackers could just as easily be deranged
ordinary humans as anything else. But don't be afraid
to use the supernatural when it is appropriate; itis an
important part of the setting.

A, good "mysterious stranger" urban legend is the
tale of kidnappers who seize children in department
stores and shopping malls, take them into bathrooms,
cut or dye their hair, change the kids' clothes, and run
off with them. In a Werewolf game, these kidnappers
might be an epidemic, seizing children to use for dark
purposes. The child might be sold to childless couples
elsewhere in the world, transformed into fomori, or
sacrificed to fuel some dark ritual. Turning this legend
on its head, it is entirely possible that Garou might use
the same tactic to kidnap youths on the cusp of the
First Change.

A "strange chemical" tale could be any old saw
about an ordinary household product causing cancer,
sterility, or brain damage because of an unusual —~ but
entirely legal — additive in it, like sodium laureth
sulfate in shampoo or aspartame in just about any-
thing. You need to be careful with this kind of story.
While it's tempting, as Storyteller, to put poisons in
every square inch of a household, all thanks to Wyrm
infestation of big business, doing that sort of thing too
broadly dilutes its impact. You might pick one ostensi-
bly benign chemical whose FDA approvals have all


been rigged and whose damaging effects have been
covered up by generous legal settlements that include
gag orders.' Then decide why the Wyrm's servants let
the substance into general production: sane creatures
will not introduce an overtly dangerous chemical into
the general population without a darned good reason.
The reason might be entirely mundane: Perhaps the
chemical does some miscellaneous task (flavor or col-
oring) much more cheaply than a more responsible
alternative. Or perhaps the Vice President for product
development is insane or devoted to Urge Wyrms that
crave random destruction? Does the additive slowly
turn people violent, or create fomori when appropri-
ately triggered?

When .you do introduce a "strange chemical"
urban legend, do it slowly and subtly. The characters
should initially scoff at hearing about another urban
legend about the dangers of trichloroethylroluene (or
whatever), but over time,.a-series of crimes, disease,
and strange behaviors by a wide range of people lead
the pack to realize that the only thing the criminals
and victims have in common is their choice of, say,
deodorant.
tary Cia

A city-hoppirig chronicle is cértainly an option for
the modern Garou. In Europe; as well as in America's
northeast,.cities are packed closely enough together
that a pack of Garou might choose to make a circuit
through several cities. Perhaps the pack acts as couri-
ers, taking messages too important to entrust to ordi-
nary mail, the airwaves, or the Internet from city to
city. Or they might be somewhat freelance, not at-
tached to any particular sept but doing what they can
to help several different septs.

Such. .a chronicle can be remarkably fun for your
players; getting to hit Las Vegas, Hong Kong, Paris and
Rio de Janeiro all in the same chronicle is some heady
stuff. You can also provide a much greater variety of
antagonists in such a chronicle. It might mot make
sense for the players to meet vampires, fomori, Black
Spiral Dancers, Ananasi, Bubasti.and Kuei-jin all in
the same chronicle if they stay in one city (even if it's
San Francisco), but in a traveling chronicle, it's prac-
tically expected. However, be warned that this is also
going to require a lot more work on your part, in the
form of preparation.or improvisation, (and probably
plenty of both). Be sure that you're ready to go the
extra mile before starting achronicle like this; nothing's
more disappointing to a player than having a strong
chronicle crumble on account of Storyteller burnout.

eS

Chapter Four: Urban Legends

ne OS EY EIN

iJ rg

Ktriéveyndg Hrpiciiar Cif

Every city is its own set of choices. The best way to
design a city for use in your chronicle is to decide ahead
of time what kind of role you want that city to play in
your game, but in cases where the city is going to be the
largest part of the chronicle's setting, the city willhave
to fill many roles, so the answer to this question won't
always help you design the city in game terms. You
might want to use your home city, or a city that is very
familiar to you and all your players —- perhaps your
troupe doesn't live in aciry, or they all went to college
together in a particular metropolis. You might instead
prefer to use a different city entirely, one you're less
familiar with; or you might want to invent a city out of
whole cloth. Guidelines for all of these things can be
found below.

TAanstjorviing Your /foraatown

One of the most éntértaining choices you éan
make when formulating a city for your chronicle is to
use your hometown. However, this can also be a
difficult choice, for unless you're running the chronicle
for people from out of town, at a convention or via the
Internet, your players are sure to know the town
roughly as well as you do...

Thankfully; you have a lot of resources at hand,
starting with the city itself. As you're preparing your
chronicle, hop ina car (or on a bus) and drive around
town a few times. Deliberately go places you don't
ordinarily go:-Find out what the city's industrial cor-

Covers SOLE

If you go out driving ot walking in any city,day
or night, use common. sense and courtesy. Don't
walk through dangerous parts of town alone; don't
drive through dangerous parts of town at night.
Don't take written notes while you drive. By the
same token, don't walk through ritzy parts of town
with torn jeans and a FUCK THE POLICE T-
shirt. Do your game's research in an unobtrusive
manner. If you have questions about the part of
town you're in and you want to talk to passersby or
people who work in the area, ask them in a polite
and restrained manner, and don't approach any-
body who you wouldn'r feel safe talking to at any
other timeé..Don't interrupt their work, if they're
working. Common sense will get you a lot, and
using your physical senses will help keep you safe.

101

L

ners are like; get an idea where the ritzy neighborhoods
are, as well as the bad or dangerous neighborhoods.
Once you've done that, get out and walk around town.
Find a few places that seem. to be the city's heartbeat.
In most cities there's a central business district that
busy on weekdays, and a few entertainment or club
districts that are busier on weekends and evenings. If
you can, visit both areas during their busy times — and
if you're really feeling enterprising, visit both areas
during their slack times, too. Get an idea of the
contrast between the city when it's alive and the city
when it's resting.

If you have questions about particular areas —-say
you see a building that interests you; or a monument,
or you just want to know the history of a corner of the
city, you can always just ask: Go into an established
place - an older market or diner works great for this —~
and ask someone who works there. Don't interrupt
them as they're working, of course, and you'll probably
get funny locks if you try to explain Werewolf: The
Apocalypse and your real purpose in being there: Just
explain that you're working ona short story or novel
setin your hometown,.and you're thinking of using this
part of the city as one of the locations,-and could the
person take a few minutes and relate any stories they
might have about the area? You'll probably get more
information than you can use in your game.

If you're looking for a good World of Darkness feel,
there's really nothing quite as good as walking around
outside on a night of the full moon. You might try and
do this near one of your city's heavy-industry zones, to
really play up a sense of alienation in the face of heavy
construction and pollution. In the heart of most cities,
notice that you can't see the stars, and you can hardly
see the full moon; many Garou in such a situation
would feel that they were cut off from the pulsing heart
of the Tellurian:

After you get a good general feel for the nature of
your city, it's time to start digging. If you want to run
agame that's at allrealistic, you may find that hooking
some of your chronicle's history into the real world's
history will lend a lot of verisimilitude to the game.

Start with the obvious stuff. Start reading your
local newspaper..Concentrate on the "Local News"
section. Find out what local politics are like, figure out
what corporations dominate the economic scene. Who
are the five largest employers in town? Consider if any
of them would be suitable W/yrm-ridden companies in
the World of Darkness, or if they'd be suitable targets
for hostile ‘takeover by Wyrm-driven. corporations.
You're not likely to see particular real-world compa-
nies named as Wyrm pawns in Werewolf source mate-
rial (for what should be obvious reasons) but there's no

102

Book of the City

OLE LT OT PY LE A

reason that you can't have real world companies as
pawns of evil in your chronicle. Doing so will lend
verisimilitude, and make the events of your chronicle
all the more memorable.

After the newspaper and that sort of info, talk ré
the press at the local university. Not the school news-
paper —— the university's in-house publisher, if they
have one. If they don't, see if anyone in the History
department has a specialization in the history of the
local area. What you're looking for here is a decent
book on the history of your region. This can. come in
handy when you're trying to flesh out the local su-
pernatural population. Many bookstores also carry
such books in the "Local Interest" section.

After you have the basic information in your head,
there are plenty of ways to build the city you want to
set your chronicle in. A few methods are listed below:
You -can build your setting from the city's real-world
history; you can build the city from a theme you might
have in mind; youcan build it out of anetwork of social
relationships; or out of the city's spiritual map. In all
likelihood you will work from a combination of the
below techniques, so they are all worth a look.
Extiing fle City: Phitoriolg

Once you have a handle 'on' the history, you can
build the Garou population' from a historical basis
and move forward in time by answering some straight-
forward questions. If the city's in America, when was
it settled? What was there first? Does it make any
sense for there to be historical caerns of the Pure Ones
(the Wendigo,. Uktena, and Croatan) around? If
you're in the rest of the world, take a look at your
region's history over the long term. It's pretty clear
from the rulebook and various Tribebooks which
tribes associate themselves with which ethnic groups;
if there is a preponderance of a particular ethnic
group in your community, either now or historically,
that might suggest that local caerns would be domi-
nated by certain tribes.

From the historical state of the caern, you cari
extrapolate forwards. As different peoples move in
and out of a region, Kinfolk move with them..An
influx of Silver Fang Kinfolk doesn't necessarily mean
that Silver Fangs will come-to dominate the local
sept. Garou born to Silver Fang Kinfolk will not
become Silver Fangs unless adopted by Falcon, after
all. However, some Garou-move around alongside
their Kinfolk, so as human populations ebb and flow,
the Garou inhabitants of local septs might similarly
change. However, particularly in Europe, caerns are
ancient things with strong spirits and old traditions.
Even though the Shadow Lords' Kin might move

|


around, the Shadow Lords themselves are not wel-
come to join every sept on the continent.

Finally, look at the history of the last fifty years in
your city. What have been the big changes through the
end of the Second World War, the Cold War, the
Information Revolution, and so on? If the city is in
Europe or eastern Asia, did the World Wars affect it
directly? Wartime paints bloody pictures.on the Um-
bral landscape nearby, and ghosts of war may interact
with the nature spirits of the local area: Garou in cities
directly affected by war may find the city's Penumbra
to be uncornfortably close to realms like Sear or the
Field of Battle. In America, the World Wars and the
Cold War led to, among other things, a'great expan-
sion of the military and the country's nuclear research:

Siyling Se City: T hasnafieally

Ifthe city isn't intended asthe center of your game;
or if you've got a strong theme in mind for the city that
will be the focus of your gare, you may wish to build
the city theme first, and extrapolate from that theme
into the concrete.

Of course, there are dozens of possible themes you
could apply to any givencity ina chronicle. A short list
might include Decay, Oppression,. Boom.and Bust,
Tradition versus Innovation, War, and Sprawl.

Decay might be used for cities from Cleveland or
Gary, Indiana—— America's Rust Belt —to crumbling
parts of the old Soviet Union. For Garou, the Silver
Fangs are the exemplar of decay: They once were
mighty and fearsome and now are doddering and a
little mad..A Silver Fang sept that's fading in power in
acity like Pittsburgh or Kiev would be nicely represen-
tative of the Decay theme.

Oppression as a facet of a city is common all over
the world, but you might choose Los Angeles or
Singapore as particularly prominent examples of cit-
ies, which oppress the freedoms of some or all of their
citizens. From the Garou perspective; nearly any tribe
can act as an oppressor of its Kinfolk and cubs, and
those tribes that are tightly or violently tied to old
traditions might serve this thematic purpose. A tight-
fisted and controllingsept of Shadow Lords in Sarajevo
could work as the first step to designing a city to
showcase Oppréssion.

Boom and Bust cities might be at any point in that
cycle. Cities like Las Vegas or Dublin. are on the
"Boom" half of the chart, while Houston or Buffalo
nicely characterize the "Bust" half. These cities' rapid
rise to prominence and wealth is matched by their
rapid fall from grace, leaving behind city blocks and
massive gleaming office towers with no inhabitants.
There aren't any Garou tribes that explicitly charac-

a a

CAapter Four: Urban Legends

Le LP EY «ETN

terize this cycle, but Wwe don't have to restrict ourselves
to whole tribes as examples. Imagine a pack of Garou
that was named as the Silver Pack as an especially
young group, accomplished its great goal, and hasn't
done much of note since then. Such a pack would be
a great asset to have in town, at least for the prestige,
but if they focus too much on their past glories and
their reputations and not enough on fighting the war
at hand they are sure to be a liability instead.

Tradition versus Innovation conflicts come up in
nearly any city, but those in Europe are hit particularly
hard. Consider Rome, a city steeped in tradition that
is fighting to move past its ancient history and into the
21st century ——- or, the other side of the conflict, acity
like San Francisco, known for its innovation and rapid
change,-leaving some residents unhappy. The Glass
Walkers represent the innovation half of this equa-
tion, while conservative tribes like the Black Furies
and Wendigo répresent traditionalist forces within the
Garou Nation. A city like Tokyo with two caerns, one
controlled by traditionalist tribes and the other by
modernist tribes, would be a good way to emphasize
this theme.

Waris endemic to the Garou condition, but war
is anathema to cities: cities that are particularly
emblematic of war, like Hiroshima or Kosovo, are
often .consumed by that war, and take decades or
longer to return to normal. Forawar-driven chronicle
imnacity, you might use the most warlike tribes —— the
Get of Fenris or the Red Talons ——~ or you - might
instead use one of the tribes most changed by war,
suchas the Uktena or Wendigo (or ghosts of the
Croatan). You might even focus on the Children of
Gaia, who prefer to fight the war on-Gaia's foes
without raising claw and rifle. A-chronicle set among
the cities of the Balkans, among the Shadow Lords,
Red Talons, and Black Furies in search of a just way
to prosecute those responsible for the atrocities of war
there while eliminating the taint of the Wyrm as they
move from city to city resonates very nicely with this
theme. A subset of this theme is a "shadow war" or
"cold war," one fought on a very subtle, covert level.
Vampires are an obvious antagonist for such stories,
as this is exactly the sort of war the Leeches been
waging against the Garou for millennia.

Sprawl cities are those that are too huge'to easily
be surmmed up into asingle City Father or City Mother.
These are cities that contain millions of people spread
over an enormous area and have both fantastic wealth
and mind-boggling poverty, whose rush hours s¢rew up
highway traffic patterns for'a hundred miles in all
directions, like Los Angeles, Mexico City, or Sao
Paulo. Such cities are so huge, and so packed with

103

|
|

~S

people, that there's a lot of spiritual energy surging
around them: they may contain several caerns to city
totems. But the desperation and poverty of sprawl
cities lead a lot of those caerns to be corrupted by the
powers of darkness. Sprawls are the favored stomping
grounds of the Bone Gnawers and Ratkin; you can use
the nearly epidemic frequency with which those two
groups show up in asprawl city to help play up the city's
vast size and inherent filth.

Sitting toe City: Teeter las

You can build up the themes and spirit world of
your city based on the political relationships you want
to give the city's inhabitants. Pick some factions among
the Garou, the humans, and the servants of the Wyrm
and Weaver; figure out what their relationships should
be and who the noteworthy members of each faction
are; and then work out what physical and spiritual
resources each individual and faction needs in order to
be in the place it's in.

For instance, if you would like a chronicle where
the Garou of the city are split into two septs facing off
inakind of cold war, each paying more attention to the
danger that the other sept poses than the dangers of the
Wyrm and Weaver, you should figure out who leads
each sept and what packs are a part of each. Then work
out locations for each caern, and the nature of each
caern, and then the nature of the conflict between the
two septs. Lastly, figure out what forces of the Weaver
and/or Wyrm are arrayed to take advantage of this
situation, and what will drive them into action. You
might want to work out what it would take to get the
two septs to work together, or you might want to let
that unfold itself during play.

You certainly don't have to make every character
in the city into a fully realized, three-dimensional
being. The crazy old drunk on the stoop of the pack's
apartment building doesn't need to be much more
than that. But those Storyteller characters whose
activities drive the chronicle —— pack and sept lead-
ers, and major antagonists ——~ do need to be fleshed
out. Work out their relationships with other major
Storyteller characters and with the players' charac-
ters; decide the major goals of each character, what
resources he has available to accomplish each one,
and what lengths he's willing to go to in order to
achieve those goals. Don't give your Storyteller char-
acters plams that they can easily achieve with their
current resources; otherwise, why wouldn't their goals
already have been achieved? Make them need some-
thing: those needs are what can drive stories and
eventually your whole chronicle.

104

Book of the City

LEE es ET ET LN

Suiging fle City: T Be Spt for {ga

The final option, other than simply blazing your
own. trail, is to start with a general idea of the city and
then develop a plan for the place's spirit world. From
the combination of that general idea and the spirit
world, you can extrapolate most of the city's features.

Spirit Denizens

Decide who the major spirits in your city and what
their natures are. Spirits aren't like people, not even
Garou: the activities of even the freest Wyld-spirit are
constrained by its nature and its role on Gaia's surface.
To use a simplistic example, spirits of fire are always
hostile to spirits of water, and vice versa. Spirits may
well have attitudes and behaviors that rational beings
might choose to avoid.

One of the most important spirits to consider is the
City Father (or City Mother). Not every city has a City
Father. The only ones that do are those cities large
enough that the population's collective self-image
manifests into an Epiphling (or another sort of spirit)
that grows over time into a personification of the city.
Size isn't the only criterion: the city has to have a
personality, something that can be impressed onto the
fabric of an existing spirit to make it into anear-person.
Sterile suburban bedroom communities, no matter
how large, don't manifest City Fathers. Ask yourself
this question: What comes to mind when I think of the
personality of this city? Ifthe answer is "nothing," then
the city probably does not have a parent spirit.

Ifa particular image does come to mind, though —
say an immigrant steelworker in Pittsburgh or an aging
Russian looking westward in Str. Petersburg —— then
that individual, or someone like him, should be the
City Father at first glance. Subtle bits of the city's
history and theme should make their way onto the
spirit's form in some fashion. Perhaps the steelworker's
mame is Magarac; perhaps the aging Russian carries a
tattered copy of The Communist Manifesto out of long
habit.

City Fathers' goals seem pretty clear at first: help
the city grow and become healthy. But this can mani-
fest in a lot of ways, and no two City Fathers will
approach that overall goal in quite the same way. Most
City Fathers are fairly conservative spirits; the tradi-
tions and history of the city create them. They don't
have the same interest in rapid advances in technology
or changes in the city's ethnic makeup as they do in
sustaining what's already there (though they're usually
quite happy to allow ethnic groups that already popu-
late the city to continue to move in). This isn't as true
in cities that have always thrived on change, but even


in those towns, radical change isn't entirely welcome.
City Fathers might act directly as toterns to a pack of
Garou within their domain, and they are sure to direct
that pack to pursue the city's overall agenda, even
when that conflicts with the war to save Gaia.

The City Father isn't the only major spirit in town.
Others include totem spirits to local Garou packs, the
totem spirit or spirits of local caerns, powerful inde-
pendent spirits (like Incarna) that make their home in
the area, powerful Wyrm creatures such as Nexus
Crawlers, and powerful Weaver-spirits like Chaos
Monitors (see Book of the Weaver). Plenty of other
spiritual entities might exist in the city as well, from
corporeal demons to black-hearted wizards and an-
cient vampires.

As mentioned above, spirits won't always have
rational reactions to one another. Spirits who are
nominally allied —— a bison-spirit that haunts an old
Wendigo caern and a Fenris Wolf totem spirit that
guards a pack of Get of Fenris who help protect that
caern ——~ will not necessarily cooperate, and that will
make their Garou charges' lives difficult. Superimpos-
ing a spirit-world that is internally consistent over a
Garou society that is itself internally consistent can

reveal lots of good contradictions —_ like the example
above — that you can use to drive storylines.
Caerns

Pick a few sites in the city or on its outskirts that
would seem to have some kind of spiritual power. The
most obvious of these are likely those that will be
Gaian: Glades and caerns. Quiet and solemn places
with a clear comnection to the energies of life make
excellent Gaian sites. The most obvious of these are
secret places hidden deep within large city parks,
sanctuaries from the roiling press of humanity. If they
are far from the well-traveled trails and paths of a park,
and remote from human activity, these sites could
make excellent caerns.

There are plenty of other places charged with the
positive energy of life. Examples might include:

* An old public school where the staff has always
worked to help the students grow as people, rather
than trying to fit them into a system.

© A lively business which isn't married to profit to
the exclusion of stewardship of the Earth.

° The site ofan event of great justice —— not merely
the apprehension of acriminal, but an act that brought
justice to a whole class of people, like the Emancipa-
tion Proclamation.

© Truly ancient spiritual sites which still reverber-
ate through the Umbra; these might be old holy
grounds from pre-Christian days (or, in the Americas,

ee nee. Mrs ane se Es me

CAapter Four: Urban Legends

— SP YL EN

the days before the Wyrmbringers) that have since
been built over and incorporated into modern cities.

These are by no means the only possibilities:
anyplace in a city that's charged with the positive
energies of life is a candidate to be a Glade or caern.

After you've picked out likely places for caerns or
Glades, decide whether you want just one caern in the
city, or a few. In these nights near the Apocalypse,
even the largest cities don't boast more than a few
caerns. The decision you make here will have a large
impact om your chronicle; a few of the results of that
decision are listed below.

In a one-caern city, every Garou present is part
of the same sept, and therefore part of the same
hierarchy. This will lead to more unity of activity on
the part of the packs within the city (if there is more
than one pack), but it will also result in more
peacetime challenges and jockeying for position
among the Garou. In a one-caerm city, spiritual
resources are relatively limited — the caerm can't be
tapped for Gnosis as often as a wilderness caern
could, and its energies have to be split among the
entire city's population of Garou. Therefore, Garou
in sucha city will focus their activities on mundane
fights against the Wyrm and Weaver and their
minions, rather than on the Umbra andspirit battles.
On the bright side, the city's lone caern provides a
single very defensible point for the Garou to fall
back to in case of emergencies; any concerted attack
by Gaia's enemies is sure to encounter a dedicated
group of defenders.

If one city sept claims multiple caerms under its
domain, the sept leadership is sure to assign at least one
pack to safeguard each caerm in the city. Additionally,
the Garou in such a city are much less likely to be
spiritually bereft —— it is much easier for them to tapa
caern and replenish their Gnosis when they are in
great need than it would be for their brethren in aone-
caern city. Ina multiple-caern city, most of the caerns
are Level One caerns, for no Scab has the spiritual fuel
necessary to empower multiple caerns beyond a subsis-
tence level. However, that city's werewolves have
multiple points of vulnerability to attack. A strong
drive by the Weaver or Wyrm against one caern may
result in that caern's loss, for the sept cannot bring all
of its resources to protect a single caern lest the other
powerful sites in town be lost.

If the city has a few septs, then it is much more
likely that a given pack will have free access to a
particular caern. If each caern has its own sept asso-
ciated with it ——- not a certainty —— then there will be
more traditional sept roles in the city (see the

105


Werewolf Storytellers Companion or Guardians of
the Caerns) than there are Garou tofill them. Garou
challenging other Garou for such titles and roles will
be correspondingly less common in such a-city; for
there will be more than enough work to go around.
Garou in such a city are much less likely to work
together than those in a single-sépt city: the leader-
ship of one sept might prefer to move and fight in
entirely different directions from the others. The sept
leaders might occasionally gather together to coordi-
nate battle plans or settle turf disputes; bur they are
not likely ro work too closely together, due to distrust,
territoriality, and a desire for mutual independence.
Ifeach caern inthe city has itsown sept, enemy forces
may be able to dislodge the weakest sept from its
caern with a surprise strike, but if the Garou cooper-
ate with one another at all after that they may realize
that they are collectively under attack, and lend one
another packs or individual Garou to help defend
their holy sites. If the septs of a city are at war, or
simply not inclinéd to aid one another, the Weaver
and Wyrmomay be in for a feast of good fortune.

Corruption

Once you have decided what sites the Garou live
in and defend, you must decide where their enemies
lair. These might be places that were desecrated by rhe
Wyrm or Weaver before the city existed, or otherwise
spiritual places that have become corrupted by the
wickedness of those two.

Corrupt sites that predate the city are either leg-
endary portals to Malfeas or the site of a great crime
against Gaia during prehistory. Perhaps the site is a
burial ground for tortured or sacrificed slaves. Most of
these kinds of places have long been built over by the
modern city;~they may be buried hundreds of feet
below ground by now, with layers of modern, indus-
trial, renaissance, medieval, and classical cities above
them. As a Storyteller, this is a great device —— dozeris
of books and movies have shown bizarre ancient cultic
rituals taking place deep underground, and there is
established precedent. in: Werewolf for. Hives and
Thunderwyrms to be deep in the earth.

Newer corrupt sites have come about since the city
has taken its current shape. They certainly are not
restricted to being below ground — in fact, the sorts of
sterile and lifeless "clean rooms" that one might find
within a manufacturer of cutting-edge technology is
the perfect center for the Weaver's power. And the
idea of bloody Wyrm rituals taking place in the pent-
house apartment of the highest skyscraper in townisa
very appropriate one to drop into your chronicle.

It is worthwhile to look at your chosen. city's
history and find one or two particularly heinous crimes

106

Book of the City

ia a a Ts

~m: @ither against individuals or against the community
as a whole —— that could erupt into Wyrm pits if
appropriately tended to. Then decide which of them,
ifany, have had the appropriate care. It's inappropriate
for every murder site —~ or even every atrocity site —
to have become a site of power for the Wyrm, but a
good handful will provide an array of locations for
enemies of your troupe's pack to use. Additionally,
there could be oné or two former caerns in the city that
have been taken by forces of the Wyrm in the last
century or so.as the Apocalypse has gotten closer.

Contested and Neutral Sites

Some locations in the city might make perfectly
good caerns if awakened and dedicated appropriately;
along similar lines, they might be useful to the Wyrm
or the Weaver if suitably bastardized. For whatever
reason, they haven't been fully claimed by either side
yet. Perhaps they're hidden or were just discovered. In
that case, the discoverer is sure to do his best to keep
the place asecret until it can be dedicated to his side
of the War.-If both sides have just learned about such
a site; they may be cautiously probing in preparation
for an assault to claim the site as their own. By contrast
to the above scenarios; the location could be under the
control of a force that neither rhe Garou nor their
enemies can sway —— local. wizards,. vampires, the
Church, or others might have such control. In such a
case your best choice is to pick a foil you want to
introduce into the chronicle and give that individual
control over the desired resource.

Oar CF% aL

If you're planning to set your game in a city not
your own, direct research ——~ walking around rown ——
is considerably harder, but thankfully in the modern
age libraries and the Internet can help youget the of for
a walking tour of any major city in the world. City
guidebooks for tourists can also be quite helpful in this
regard, and so can Internet archives of the city's major
newspaper. (Checking to see what stories make the
Internet version of a city's paper is a good litmus test to
see what stuff the city's residents will find important
enough to check on via the Web.

Choose a city that no one else in the troupe knows
better than you do. If you pick a place that the whole
group is equally ignorant about, you'll do fine. But if
you pick a city that one player grew up in and you've
only visited once or twice, you will have to either co-
opt that player or risk being called out for mistakes and
regularly breaking that player's suspension of disbelief.
Admittedly, any player who wastes game time nitpick-
ing Denver street intersections is someone with whom
you need to havea talking-to anyway, but it's best not


to expose oneself to such problems: There aré two
primary solutions to this problem. First, find out what
cities your troupe is collectively familiar with, and
steer your game to a location outside of that list.
Second, explain to your troupe that this game takes
place in the World of Darkness, not the real world, and
that if werewolves are out there secretly fighting a war
to preserve the spirit of life in the world, having a
bookstore at the wrong address in St. Louis isn't worth
arguing about.

Intverfindg a Cify

You don't have to use-the real world at all when
building your city. Fiction authors, comic book, televi-
sion and movie writers all invent cities and locations
whenever they feel the need. In cases where a city isn't
outright invented, the city might just be blurred -.a
storyline might take place in. a generic city in .no
particular state. Alternately, you might choose to
pluck a city out of popular fiction —~ say, Batman's
Gotham City or Scott Turow's Kindle County..Par-
ticularly in games where you focus on the wilderness
and the fight to save Gaia, the fact that a particular bit
of your story lurches into a city doesn't mean it has to
take the pack into a real city.

Using an invented city frees you up entirely from
the dictates of the real world. You can cherry-pick
traits and tendencies, invent a history, and not worry
too much about the city's interaction with the rest of
the world, or whether the map you've downloaded
from the Internet is as good as it could be. You can also
build World of Darkness elements into the city from
the start, ensuring that the myths and monsters are
consistent with the game's setting. Conversely, using
an invented city means a lot of creative work for you as
Storyteller. With a real city, you can superimpose
World of Darkness elements over top of an already
existing structure, whereas with an invented city, you
have to create that structure and then lay World of
Darkness elements on top of it.

PLL Cr ta CIAL

You might choose to run an urban Werewolf game
at just about any point in history; while certain themes
become more or less important depending on your
choice of city and date, the Garou do have common
threads running through their entire history that you
can always call upon for inspiration.. The damaged
Triat is always a threat to Gaia, though more so in later
days than ancient times; the Garou committed great
crimes against Gaia and Her children in the Impergium
and the War of Rage. Below is a short list of historical
cities you might choose, with afew notes about the role

Sosa scence neers nmr a UTE aL iy

Chapter Four: Urban Legends

— a a eS A LD LNT

Garou might play in them, as well as the city's
Umbrascape during that time period. Obviously these
are only suggestions; feel free to run any city with
whatever themes seem most: appropriate to your
chronicle.

Gaara J ret

Lote

By the classic World of Darkness formulation,
vampires dominated Republican and Imperial Rome.
That leaves you with two choices for a Werewolf
game.. First, toss out the vampires, because this isn't
Vampire anyway, or second, leave some vampires in
Rome and add plenty of Garou. Many Garou fought
against the expansion of Rome over most of Europe,
allying themselves with the barbarian tribes of Gaul.
Those werewolves that did live in the city fought the
Wyrm's pernicious influence wheré they could, though
they obviously failed in the cases of Caligula, Nero,
Commodus and similarly rotten emperors. City Garou
characters might fight against the oppression and
tyranny of emperors like those,.or they might face off
against the aforementioned vampires for control of the
city. Classical Rome's City Father probably bears a
striking resermblance to Julius Caesar, though the
passage of years probably smears his features out intoa
pastiche of the typical toga-clad emperor.

No Européan cities of the Long Night between
the fall of Rome and the Renaissance era-can quite
recapture the glory of classical Rome. The largest
cities inthe western world in this era.are
Constantinople, Baghdad, and Cairo. For more detail
on running Werewolf during. the Dark Ages,.see
Dark Ages: Werewolf.

CORA SER OLE

As the center of the Eastern church and one of the
largest cities in the world, Constantinople wields an
enormous amount of temporal and spiritual power.
Appropriately, its Ciry Father is a long-bearded man in
the robes of a prelate of the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Coristantinople is large enough that nearly any city
adventure that Garou could go on, could take place
within its walls.

ESxgbdad and Coro

Baghdad and Cairo; learned Muslim cities, are two
of the largest cities in the known world during the 13%
century. The City Father of Cairo is likely a pastiche of
the ancient Pharaohs —— no doubt some whisper that
he is a Pharach incarnate ~~ with .a more modern
Muslim. The City Father of Baghdad may well be the

107

|
|

t

a

worst and most stereotypical being that the Garou
of the Middle East are likely to see: a fat and
wealthy merchant, or perhaps a noble djinn. The
traditional tribes of Europe are not often seen
here in the Middle East; instead, the Silent
Striders, Glass Walkers, and Children of Gaia
are common, and more than a few Black Furies
and Stargazers make their homes in Baghdad.
‘The sourcebook Veil of Night for Vampire: the
Dark Ages has history and culture information
on anumber of cities of Medieval Islam; though
it is pointed at Leeches rather than Garou it may
prove useful if you decide to take this route with
your chronicle.

Dh FP CAF

In the 13° cerituty; the Mongol Empire
dominates most of Asia; even China is subject to
Mongol rule: The Mongols are not city folk, but
their nomadic, rough lifestyle is very well suited
to Garou life. Residents of cities throughout the
empire obey their dreaded Mongol masters as
efficiently as they can, lest they suffer the same
fare as Kiev or Ningxia. Garou in these cities are
seen as weak cowards by comparison to their
noble brethren on the steppe, but those Garou
~——_ ancestors of the Glass Walkers and possibly
the Hakken Shadow Lords —— accept their lot
gladly, fighting the Wyrm where it grows and
dwells within large cities. World of Darkness:
Blood and Silk addresses some questions of
rumning a Werewolf chronicle in the Far East
during the Dark Ages.

cer Stef
Legpeevae Londo:

Fort a good look' at Victorian London as a
city, there are few better resources than the
works of Charles Dickens —- even something as
commonplace as A Christmas Carol can provide
at least a rough idea of what the setting is like. In
Werewolf, Victorian London is a smoky, coal-
powered city with a wide and deep chasm be-
tween the very rich and the very poor. There is
no middle class to speak of here. Victoriam Lon-
don is very much in the thrall of rhe Weaver and
Wyrm; the Weaver's rigidity keeps people of
various social classes from interacting with one
another or moving from one class to another,
while the Wyrm makes sure that far more people
are oppressed and dehumanized than .live -in
comfort and peace. This is a fine poirit in history
to showcase the beginning of the Silver Fangs'
precipitous decline.

Sa ——s,

108


Urban chronicles in the Wild West setting may be
abit contradictory; after all, if you're in the city, you're
not really in the Wild West, right? Bur Dodge City was
big enough in spirit, if not in size. It was in many ways
the quintessential Western town,not quite "city" but
close enough. The Iron Riders established a presence
in Dodge City fairly early on, and it was a place
infamous for being the wildest of all Western towns.
The reputation was more impreéssive than the reality
— but that reputation had a certain power, and the
Dodge City of the Umbra was bustling with wild, near-
frenzied spirits. Eventually the yearly cattle drives took
the lifeblood out of Dodge, but the legend of the time
may be worth exploring.

Pei fe CRO Co aL

The Second World War and the years surround-
ing it are a great time period fora Werewolf chronicle.
Against the madness and chaos of total war, the
Garou face some of their greatest trials: The Wyrm's
tise to worldwide. power; the emergence of nuclear
weaponry and power: convulsive global conflict; a
divisive struggle within the Get of Fenris and several
other tribes. There's plenty going on. No city in the
world was unaffected by the war, but a few were
particularly hard-hit:

* Berlin: In the early years of the war, Berlin is the
source of intense Nazi propaganda; it's something ofa
shining beacon of the "perfection" that the ‘Third
Reich will bring to the world. The late days of the war
are dangerous, as the Allies all descend on an impov-
erished, desperate city. The Get of Fenris dominate the
local Garou, controlling several caerns within
Germany's proper borders, but the tribe is split be-
tween. those who hear a clarion ‘call to duty in
"Deutschland Uber Alles" and those who believe that
the Nazis are in thrall to the Wyrm.

* Casablanca: Bogart movies aside, Casablanca
during the war is a hotbed of human activity, given its
status as-a ‘neutral city. Complicating things for the
Garou, Casablanca-is home to the Sept of the Great
Wheel, a Silent Strider caern connected to dozens of
moon bridges that lead to caerns across the globe.-A
chronicle set in Casablanca, therefore, can have Garou
characters interact with anyone from any part of the
Garou end of the war, and the players' pack can travel
to just about anywhere in the world in search of foes to

Se

Chapter Four: Urban Legends

> SY NY

vandquish~ This is certainly a globetrotting sort of
chronicle, but against the backdrop of the war there
are great stories to be had.

*® London: In the earliest years of the war, London
was like any other wartime city. Once the Blitz began,
however, and Berlin began to: send bombers over
London, the city's feel and mood changed drastically.
Garou in Blitz London won't be able to protect the city
from bombers; they will find the forces of the Wyrm
tryirig to infiltrate through the despair and destruction
throughout the city. This isa time when the British are
calling on one another to be brave and strong, and the
Garou can help them keep a stiff upper lip by keeping
the W'yrm's minions at bay.

Phe Cf lar: Fsatvitia

The attractive thing about Cold War Berlin asa
chronicle setting is the city's division into East and
West Berlin, and the West Berliners' isolation in the
middle of hundreds of square miles of totalitarian
communism. One of the core questions of such a
chronicle is the disposition of Berlin's City Father, for
surely Berlin had a single City Father before the
construction of the Berlin Wall in 1961. Perhaps the
Wall's erection creates a magical effect, literally bi-
secting the City Father into two beings, one for each
half of Berlin (or splits rhe personality ofa single spirit,
driving it mad). Perhaps the creation .of the Wall
leaves two truly separate cities behind, néither with
the strength to support a. City Father +— the spirit
might go rogue, or just be killed.

Multiply this by the fact that after the Berlin
Wall goes up, only the Garou can easily traverse the
barrier and travel from one side of the city to the
other..-A pack of Bone Gnawers or other urrah would
be invaluable messengers and spies during the Cold
War -—- even if the supernatural denizens of Berlin
want little to do with the politics of the two Germanys
and the larger empires that control thern, anyone
with any preexisting influence on both sides of the
Wall will have need to traverse it on occasion.. The
existence of the Wall would eventually bring about
an Umbral Wall to echo it as: Berliners became
resigned to the thing's loathsome existence, and the
near-universal hatred of the thing would be likely to
invest the Umbral Wall with Wyrm-energies. This
would eventually make the Umbral Wall as difficult
to traverse as the physical Wall.

109


a
-
=
Cd
—
4
a

a

=
*-


4,

It should come as no surprise that most Gifts
allowing Garou to tap the power of the city are either
homid or Glass Walker in origin. Metis and lupus are
at least one step removed from tapping into the spiri-
tual undercurrent of humanity and making its powers
their own, and not even the Bone Gnawers celebrate
the city in the same way that the Glass: Walkers do.
The Gnawers survive urban life -— the Glass Walkers
exult in it.

That said, there's*nothing about the following
Gifts that requires exclusive membership in an "urrah"
tribe or homid birth; anyone willing to learn these
urban tricks has only tofind ateacher. It may cost afew
extra experience points, but as dangerous as the city
streets of the World of Darkness can get, it may be well
worth the price.

Appendix: Riof Gear Lil

A EP NT

P fori CUfft

© Climb Like an Ape (Level One) — Garou with
this Gift find that moving vertically is just as easy as
moving horizontally; whether they are wi

hey tir apidly: is GL
easier or less dangerous to'climb in prec
stances —.a ten-story fall is still a ten-sto
sheer surface remains sheer ——~ but the Gi
sure that the character can climb as quickl
System: The player spends a point of
next scene the Garou's movement rate
whether he is climbing or walking; he move
+5 meters per turn, period. This Gift doe
the difficulty for Athletics roll

* Stench and the City (Level One) —~ Many city
Garou use this Gift when facing off against just about
anything with a particularly sensitive nose: this can
include other Garou, Black Spiral Dancers, and a host
of normal animals or Wyrm-creatures. The Gift inca-
pacitates its target by overwhelming its sense of smell
with the stink of the city: sweat, blood, human waste,
rot, smoke and car exhaust.

Garou have been known to use this gift to pull one
of their own out of the thrall of frenzy, or to incapaci-
tate a crazed wolf without doing permanent injury.
The Black Spiral Dancers are said to be quite familiar
with Stench and the City as well, and are perfectly
willing to use it on Garou of the other Thirteen Tribes.

System: The Garou should sélect'a target with a
sense of smell better than that of a human, spend a
point of Rage, and roll Stamina :-+ Primal-Urge (diffi-
culty of the target's Stamina + 5, maximum of 9). For
every success rolled, the target loses one die from all
actions for the next turn; if five successes are rolled, the
target is incapacitated for the scene. The target may
resist by holding his breath, if he is aware; if he does so
he must follow the rules for suffocation on p. 189 of
Werewolf. This gift is taught by askunk-spirit:

© Rooftop Sprint (Level Two) —— On occasion, a
city Garou may find himself in a-chase across the
rooftops of his town.-He may bé pursuing a fleeing
Wyrm spirit or Black Spiral Dancer, or he might be
running for his life from similar foes..Rooftop Sprint
makes such a chase much more survivable —- and even
winnable —= for the Garou who uses it. He becomes
able to leap up and down several stories, and easily
spring across open alleyways. The primary restriction

112
a a ee eee


on the character's movement is that he cannot touch
the ground, or the Gift's effect ends at once.

System: The player must spend a- point of Rage
and roll Dexterity + Athletics (difficulty 6). For every
success achieved, the character can jump up or down
one story (3 meters) or 3 meters horizontally, without
danger or difficulty. Athletics rolls can improve jump-
ing distances, just as always; the effects of those Ath-
letics rolls just add to the result given by this Gift. The
Gift's effects last for one scene, or until the character
touches ground at street level if the Garou touches
pavement, grass, or anything else commonly consid-
ered "ground" he is considered to have touched ground,
but if he leaps from car roof to car roof he should be
okay. Rooftop Sprint is taught by an alleycat-spirit:

@ Gaia's Toolbox (Level Three) —~ Garou are
half wolf, and so runners after prey..But they are also
half human, and thus toolmakers and tool. users whose
brains and hands enable them to control far more of
the cosmos. This Gift enables the Garou to see how
any tool or any task fits into the greater "toolmaker
puzzle": the question of how humans can survive their
own cleverness. A monkey~—spirit teaches this gift.

System: The Garou holds a tool or thinks of a task.
She need not be in Homid form, but must be able ro do
what the Gift requires. She breathes carefully, asking
Gaia's will for the place of the tool or deed; the player rolls
Intelligence + Primal-Urge. The Storyteller, based on the
mumber of successes, will allow the Garou some insight
into how the tool can be used to affect the web of life,
often in ways that are not obviot s the Garou doesn't
réceive the answer to any ons cular question (other
than "What can this of) Jdeed accomplish in the
i this Gift is mainly useful for
toryteller as needed.

vel Three) —— The Garou may
b through the LImbra without
without attracting the .m-
aver-spirits in the area. Any

travel on the Pat
physical difficulty
friendly attention
Weaver-spirit can t
learned from. a spirit tha
System: To activate th ,theplayer spends two
Gnosis and rolls Charisma + Science (difficult 7).
Success enables the Garou to, ravel | through the Umbra
across the Pattern Web
bridge. Whether the P:

Garou wants to trav

a

us Pair Caffe

© Weaver's Eyes (Level One) —— Garou with this
Gift gain an insight into the Weaver's deep and subtle
patterns for hiding inforrnation inside of other infor-
mation. and to the invisible patterns buried in large
prime numbers. Encryption algorithms mean nothing
to these Glass Walkers; using W/eaver's Eyes, they can
even pierce magical shrouding of data. The Garou
must have the data to be decrypted nearby in some

Weaver's Eyes ca
the encryption o
computers, but i
abilities to break

System: The
Perception + Coa

Gauntlet). The

e Willpower and rolls
ley of 10 | -.the local

by ordinary mort:
pierce; mundane

equires one success to
ed by the top echelon
© successes to pierce.

Gift:

Sonne by nén-
ccesses —— generally
eve more successes on
posite mum ber got on.

and it will allow the
ugh magical encryp-
on-spirit-
anoid Glass Walkers
—~- use the. best
he open market
ernet or Digital
iJNetspider is
oose to use
ainst snoop-
»EBnerypt doesn't ordinarily hide itse f from. magical
observers —— anyone with the ability to see into the spirit
world will notice that the message has been enshrouded,
unless the Glass Walker takes special care to hide that.
System: The player must spend one Willpower
and roll Manipulation + Computers; the difficulty is

(10 ~ the local Gauntlet). Success means that the

character's message has been encrypted beyond the
ability of most mortals to pierce. This encryption can

Appenain Riot Gear 113

a ET CN

Z|
t

apply either to a single message (one email or burst of
data) or to aconnection (such as might exist between
two computers for a long download or chat-conversa-
tion). A character trying to break the encryption ona
single message gets-just one chance to do so —~ the
magic surrounding the message deletes it if the charac-
ter fails. A character trying to break the encryption on
aconnection can treat the attempt as an extended test.

With just one success; the encryption. can. be
pierced. by. mortal .means a human who is not
magically active can break through the encryption
with a Perception + Computers roll (difficulty of the
Garou's Willpower) that achieves five or more suc-
cesses. With more than one success, the encryption
can only be pierced by a Garou using the Gift Weaver's
Eyes (see above) or similar magical abilities. If the
Garou additionally spends one Gnosis, the message
does not appear to be encrypted =~ it seems to be an
innocuous conversation,.or an /income-tax: spread-

sheet, or the like. This Gift is taught by asquirrel-spirit._

* Overclock (Level Two) —+ In-the world of
computers, your equipment is outdated by the time it's
out of the box. This gift allows the Garou to make a
piece of computer equipment perform beyond its speci-
fications.. This includes speeding up.a processor to
render a 3D image quicker, improving video cards to
display more polygons than usual or adding more
memory to hold larger amounts of information: Any
technological spirit can teach this gift.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Com-
puter (difficulty 6). More successes mean more im-
provement. However, the Storyteller may decide that
acertain number of successes are necessary to attain a
certain speed. (Speeding up your 233mhz Pentium to
run the latest game may only need one success, but
trying to overclock your old Amiga to render modern
game graphics in less than a day may need at least
three): The effect of this gift lasts one scene or function
(in the' cases of extended renders and processes).

e© Web Walker (Level Three) —— As the Theurge
Gift, save that the Gnosis expenditure is reduced to
one point for Glass Walkers. Non-Glass Walkers who
learn this Gift as a Glass Walker Gift must still pay the
standard two Gnosis cost, as per the Theurge Gift.

* Call the City's Wolves (Level Four) — The city is
a rich and complex ecosystem, and humans, animals and
machines fill the roles that natural creatures fill in the
wilderness. The Glass. Walkers cannot often get wild
wolves toaidthem, but the city has its own predators. With
this Gift, the Glass Walker can make a phone cali, send an
email or fax and expect some sort of backup; some master
Theurges simply knock on the nearest door and wait to see
who emerges. A‘City Father or Mother teaches this Gift.

114

Book of the City

OLE LE ES OT PT a

System: The player spends a Rage point and rolls
Wits + Leadership. The number of successes equals the
reumber of city predators who will emerge: the figures who
control and cull the human herd. These may be garigkids,
members of citizen vigilante groups, vicious cops, or even.
wild, diseased dogs.. The spiritually summoned ‘backup
arrives a scene later, although the Garou can convert
extra successes to speed the arrival of assistance rather
than adding to the numbers. (One success spent in this
fashion brings the help in ten turns; two successes halve
the wait to five turns, while three brings backup on the
next turn.) The "wolves" will be disposed to cooperate
with the Glass Walkers, but won't blindly charge into
battle for him. The effects last for one scene.

* Song of the City-Beast (Level Five) -—— The
lupus of many-tribes know the Songs of the Great
Beast, which can summon-semi-legendary monsters
such as giant sharks, apemen and dinosaurs... While
skunk-apes, Jersey Devils and mothmen are not com-
mon. in cities, the knowledgeable Glass Walker can
call forces of equal power with this Gift.

System: The player spends two Gnosis points and
rolls Charisma + Streetwise, difficulty 8. A City-Beast
is less of an actual mythological entity and more of an
event -—- rampaging construction machinery,.a.col-
lapsing building, a plague of hell-rats, even an incred-
ibly aggressive St. James' Day Parade or a block party
gone riot. The Beast will stay long enough to assist in
immobilizing or defeating Gaia's enemies. Its nature
depends on the story but itis likely to be very powerful.

Yer
Le of Acevrd
oar fhe (depict

Level Four

Modern cities are choked with smog, brownish
crud filling the air and suffocating the city's plant and
animal life. Drive down any city highway and look
closely at the trees that flank it: leaves and branches
that face the roadway are brown and stunted. The
emissions from heavy industry, automobiles, and power
generation facilities combine to create this muck.

Garou can use this ritual to temporarily cleanse
the skies of the city around them. The most obvious
benefit of this is that the sky becomes clearer, the air
sweeter smelling. Plants grow more than usual; human
residents with respiratory difficulty find that their day
is easier. Performing this ritual also improves the
attitude of Gaian spirits in the city and gently weakens
the wall between the Realm and the Umbra. The
ritual's effects only last for a day; with the morning
dew, the city's poison will return.


System: The Garou must enact this rite ata site
within about a quarter-mile of the city's geographic
center. The rite begins an hour before dawn; the
character beseeches spirits of the sky, rain, and sun to
cleanse the filth from the sky. At the culmination of
the hour-long rite, the character spends one Gnosis
and rolls Manipulation + Occult (difficulty of the local
Gauntlet, which means that a careful spirit survey of
the geographical center of the city may be worthwhile
before performing Clear the Miasma).

If the Garou achieves three or more successes, the
smog in the sky precipitates as ordinary dirt into the
morning dew. The local Gauntlet drops by 1 for the
day, and the general attitude of nature-spirits in the
city improves as they don't need to spend their time
fighting pollution and Wyrm taint: This last effect
reduces the difficulty of all Social rolls dealing with
local Gaian spirits by 1 for the next day.

ee
Level One

Glass Walkers and Bone Gnawers kriow that ‘it's
nearly impossible to get across town ina hurry, especially

Sete seenoe Ms aR PORE a ee

around the momins and evening rush hour-——and in'very
large cities, those morning and evening rush hours edge
closer together every week. Garoucan doitin their lupine
and near-lupine forms, but most of the time traveling
across town asa gigantic wolf isn't a reasonable thing to do.

This ritual allows a Garou to get the attention of
the pattern spiders that nurse the ebb and flow of traffic
patterns across a city's streets and highways. The rite
asks them to nudge things here and there to provide
the clearest possible path for the Garou's vehicle.
Lights turn green just as the character hits them, or stay
green just long enough for the character to sneak
through —~ or, failing that, nearby cops are distracted
as the Garou runs the red. Note that Appease the
‘Traffic' Gods can't perform miracles: if there's an
accident at one of the main intersections in town, the
best this rite can-do is free up an alternate side route.

The "traffic gods" may well simply manifest in the
form of a convenient ambulance or firé engine for the
characters' vehicle to slipstream through traffic, but
Garou should be aware that this rité won't protect them
if they violate the simple and obvious rules of the road.
Appease the Traffic Gods will never, for instance, lure
a character's vehicle to drive on the sidewalk.

=


System: The ritemaster must take a small toy ¢ar
that looks roughly similar to her vehicle, and roll it
across that vehicle's dashboard while murmuring a
quiet invocation to the spirits. The player rolls Cha-
risma + Rituals; hazards and traffic that might interfere
with the car's ability to get across town as quickly as
possible are reduced if she succeeds. If the Storyteller
would prefer to just describe the trip, this can be a
general reduction in difficulty (and increase'in speed)
proportional to the number of successes earned. Bar-
ring that, the rite reduces difficulty to move around in
traffic by 1 per success (toa minimum of 2)..Note that
this rite won't help the Garou perform wacky stunts
like going up on two wheels or jumping th
air: it only helps to move quickly throug

Level One

The Glass Walkers may be masters of adapting to

the urban environment, but it has come at some cost.
The wolf blood in them has-grown thin, and it has
become perilously easy to lose the wolf or fall into
Harano out of simple neglect heir-wilder sides
Some Glass Walkers userthis ¢ means of recor:
necting with t

another tribe (some say the Red Talons) as a mea
reinforcing their identity in the hostile urban env
ment. The rite was allegedly shared with the
Walkers as an act of friendship, which casts
doubt on the idea that it was a Talon creation.

System: The Garou must go to a wild place,
if it's a vacant lot overgrown with mimosa or ailar
trees, and act in.a feral, animalistic fashion fo
enough to become sweaty and filthy. He may be
form while doing this. The player rolls Primal-
Expression, difficulty 6 in a wild place with ani
and plants, 8 in a wild place without animals k
than rats, and 9 ina tame place such as a nicely ke;
lawn. The player may add one to his Rage for each
success on the roll, for the rermainder of the scene. The
Storyteller: may wish to award a bonus ‘success to
players who get sufficiently into the spirit of the rite to
roleplay it with great fervor.

Rand li Mout IF

Level Two

When the Glass Walkers and their urrah brethren
need to spread the word about something important to
all Garou in. the city,- but don't want to draw direct
attention to themselves as they might with a-howl,
they might use the rite Read All About It. This rite is
most appropriate when the message that needs to be
disseminated is important but not urgent —— "Be aware

116

Book of the City

OLE Le ET ELOY A

that the Chief of Police isin league with a Wyrm-cult"
might work, while "We're under attack by Black Spiral
Dancers" is mot a good choice for this rite.

The Garou picks out.a message of 100 words or
fewer and uses Read All About It ro insert that message
into a local newspaper, concealing it such that only
Garou can read it. The message might be placed any-
where in the paper that a short blurb might appear ——
the sidebar along the front page, short local news items,
or the classified ads. Amyone subject to the Delirium
simply will not see the message, instead glossing over it
as an uninteresting news item. Garoucan easily identify
such messages as being special, however, and their eyes
are drawn to them,.making it quite likely that any
werewolf who reads the paperwill realize that it contains
ial message for Garou only.
unately, the Glass Walker who developed
I sonsider that Black Spiral Dancers,
being Garou, could also see the messages; however,
other creatures in the thrall of the Wyrm cannot see it.
It is rumored that the Glass Walkers have developeda
similar ritual,for,use over the Internet,. concealing

; ise nonsensical spam

aster must
winting, on
newsprint. He.usés a ball of toy putty to pull the
message text off of the paper, and imprint it onto the
most recent edition of the newspaper that he wishes to
md the message through. He must spend one Will-
power and achieve at least one success ina Willpower
ll. Since the concealment of this message depends in
arton the Delirium, Kinfolk who succeed ata Percep-
don.+-Occult roll (difficulty 8).can also read ir.
Creatures immune to the Delirium who are not Kin-
ke, such as mages or vampires, cannot read the
age; evers undead who were Kin in life are unable
etect the hidden communication.)

The message will appear in the next edition of the
paper; its placement depends on the nurmber of suc-
cesses rolled. One success places the message deep in
the classified ads, two in an interior section, three on
the front page of an interior section, four successes puts
the message on the front page but under the fold, and
five successes puts the message on the front page,
above the fold. .A botch on this roll puts the message
in the paper in such a manner that it is visible to
everyone who reads it, not just Garou.

Re Of fle BGO F
Level Two
The Glass Walkers and Children of Gaia learned

long ago that just as nature combines functions in a
forest, Garou can "stack" rites atop one another for


more powerful magic. Originally, urban septs per-
formed rites atop ziggurats, in cathedral towers, oreven
on top of pyramids, but the skyscraper caerns of Glass
Walkers make this much easier now than it was earlier.
The City Farmers even take advantage of the principle
to grow trees and vines up through lightwells, creating
open, Gaian spaces within the huge buildings.

The Rite of the Ziggurat unites and strengthens
other rites. It is useful when two or more rites (even
minor rites) are being performed atop one another in
amultilevel structure. The use of intercoms, cell phones,
and even closed-circuit TV and webcams makes this
much easier. For example, a group of Garou G
the Moon could synchronize their actio
other pack consecrating a fetish two floo:
a Rite of Renown one floor up.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + |
usual. The Storyteller counts the number of rites being
performed and may allow the total number of rites as
a number of extra dice for the dice pool of the topmost
rite. In addition, the background count of spirits may
rise in relation to all the rites, with potentially interest-
ing effects.

Level 4% : :

Snare-spirits are subtle and persistent entities o
City's Umbrascape, trapping humans, other spirit.
Banes in the city. This rite invokes their power to
aspecific enemy to a particular location, even ifon
awhile. Calling on these Weaver-spirits is a potens
dangerous endeavor; if the rite is performed improp
the snare-spirits will likely try to bind the ritemasti
the Pattern Web. But success can leave an enem
where the ritemaster wants him; several vampires
gone up in four-alarm building fires thanks to th

Using this rite, aritemaster must first walk, r
otherwise move round the area to be bound. She
name that which she wishes to bind, and the name
must be sufficiently accurate —— the vampire who
works in this building" is not precise enough, whereas
"the vampire who works in this building under the alias
of Mr. Vincenzo" will suffice. She then invokes the
trapping spirit, and "ties a knot" round the area. If the
rite is successful, the target of the rite will find it
difficult to leave the area —— barricades are harder to
shift, doors lock themselves, and so on.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals as
usual. Each success on the rite locks one door, jams one
elevator or otherwise seals one particular avenue of
escape for the target. In addition, the difficulty of any
rolls or feats of strength made to leave the area (such as
Athletics check to jump from roof to roof) is increased
by | for each of the ritemaster's successes, to a maximum

SS

Appendix: Riot Gear

LL EL EE EIS

difficulty of 10. This rite is at its most potent when
combined with more mundane means of blocking exits,
such as barricading doors and cutting phone lines.

Note that this rire cannot restrict any other activi-
ties of the target that aren't directly related to leaving,
nor can it prevent other people from assisting the
trapped target; a phone call for help will not be
affected, and neither will the firemen arriving to break
down the doors. ;

ie of fle 13f0) FPeor

Level Four

The Garou keep many secrets, something that
becomes tricky in the enclosed and overpopulated
realm of the city. This rite draws upon the power of
al superstition, allowing either the 13th floor of a
orroom #1 inahotel to gounnoticed. The
he rite involves placing unlucky sym-
Bols's €tures of black cats or the number "13"
by the entrance of the place to be hidden. Some
ritemasters trying to conceal a hotel room perform a
fake ritual urder in the bathroom; those with a
captive le coammay go the extra distance to

the perfor-
£ successes
needed ona Willpower cHhéck (difficulty 6) for any
observer to actually see the button or entrance to the
hidden region. If an actual captive is sacrificed in a

"genuine murder, the difficulty for the Willpower check

ses to 9. This rite affects the perceptions of anyone,
pernatural or mortal, who isn't present at the ritual.
he effects last for ome day per success.

Vile of fle Teg wenter

Level Four
‘The shark-lords are said to have taught this rite to
e very brave or very foolish Garou long past, in return
wa favor involving a sky-stone (a meteorite). It orga-
izes all the spirits in a given region into ecological
harmony: Weaver, Wyld, and even some Wyrm beings
can enter into a state of coexistence like the numerous
entities of a coral reef. The peace produced by this
powerful rite is that of Gaia, not the Weaver. Conflict and
death will not cease, but the overall functioning of the
system will be balanced and harmonious; humans, Garou,
animals and spirits will all know this on some level.
The ritemaster calls out, draws, paints, or other-
wise creates a representation of the interconnectedness
of all life, spiritual and physical, in the region where he
works. He may roleplay this according to the
Storyteller's will. Wyrm entities must be prevented
from subverting the process and balanced with spirits

of the Weaver and Wyld.
117

|
|

L

System: The titemaster thust sacrifice a perma-
nent point of Gnosis and make the roll as usual. The
result is a state of balance and a stable "food web" of
humans, animals and spirits, enduring for as many full
moons as the ritemaster has successes. For example, a
battle-spirit which had been inspiring gang attacks
might instead draw potential gang members to violent
sports which build brotherhood and community, or a
lust-spirit which had made men visit prostitutes might
be induced to make their wives and partners more
sexually attractive. The rite can be renewed as often as
desired, although the price is dear.

Level Four

All urban Garou know that machine
and the potential to awaken. But buried de,
withir: the machine's Weaver-self is the Wy :
from which it grew. Every bulldozer was factory-made
from iron ore;.each vibra-lounger comes from wood
and fiber of Gaia. This more specialized version of the
Rite of Spirit Awakening awakens the Wyld within
any machine, stirring it to > behay ways no ordinary
machine-spirit would

System: Thy
awaken theép
cases, such as a crazy pagan's motorcycle ora lathe
by generations of blacksmith Kin, the machine
ready a little bit wild, and the difficulty will be 6
machines used by unthinking humans,.it's 8, ang
machines of the Wyrm (such as a Black Spiral's to
chair) it is 10.

With one success, the machine will work no!
but will aid the Garou. This might include an e
car agreeing to stop (although it's hard to perfo:
rite for the requisite ten minutes during a carc
Three successes cause the machine to act abno
radios might bring oracular messages or the voic
ancestors, and vending machines turn out to
surprising contents such as boiled skulls; useful busi-
ness cards or taser refills. Five successes mean that the
machine will acquire mobility and a touch of wit. The
Garou who scores seven successes can ask the machine
to follow her into any danger (it can also speak), and
further successes lead to machines shapeshifting, step-
ping sideways and so on. This rite can lead to stories so
bizarre that elders refuse to award Glory for them.

Che Cpt Claire

Level Five

All Garou worry about the Apocalypse, even the
Glass Walkers. But the form that the Apocalypse will
take isn't clear to arryone. This Gift allows the Garou

118

Book of the City

ay fa

tosee the form and néarmesés of the Apocalypse, as well
as how it will affect her and her pack. .

System: The ritemaster and her pack must play a
gare together. It might be a party game ona Playstation,
a board game such as Monopoly or Parcheesi, or an
arcade machine. The Bone Gnawers set great store by
the divinatory powers of Ms. Pac-Man, while Glass
Walkers revere complicated flight simulators and
multiplayer first-person shooters. The ritemaster then
rolls Gnosis, difficulty 6 for a simple question, 8 fora
complex question: The results of the game provide
some hint as to the nature of the next battle the pack
must face, and how their victory might tie into the
greater tapestry of the Apocalypse War. The more
successes, the more detailed the information becomes,
though the presentation will always remain some-
"Okay, now all the ghosts have turned
a they're chasing down a bunch of
got to mean something.")

grap Ss:

A ipor Ae

A Lage
Prayer for the Prey that
by hunting and

Y
wilderness Garou laugh at the ‘thought of " ‘pray ing toa
soda machine," the Gnawers know that finding foodin
he urban jungle isn't always easy.

The Garou thanks the spirit that has fed him. This
ay be a plant-spirit, a machine-spirit (if the food was
achine-made) or the Bone Gnawer's favorite spirit,
e Garbage Heap.

System: The Garou gives thanks when eating,
dthen steps sideways to thank the spirit "in person."
does so each time he obtains a meal this way
cks do not mandate this rite), his difficulty for
aling with such spirits will drop by one.

weet fits bwdy Of Fursce

This rite thanks and praises the spirit of Justice,
often neglected by both humans and Garou, but a
powerful ally. In some cities, this is ernbodied in a
sacred place or caern, or Justice can be found inhab-
iting a civil rights memorial or the site of a strike.
The Garou must offer praises (in song, in prayer, in
dance, etc) to Justice whenever she feels the pres-
ence of "the Lady."

System: The Garou must act out her thanks. If
she does so faithfully, she gets l extradie to all Mental
rolls when seeking true justice. The effects last for
one week.

|


Fefitliel
Ctatape Fiore FSOKE
Level One; Gnosis 1
Garou and Kin alike' can-"use this bizarre fetish,
which appears to be a gigantic phone book with pages
missing, numbers crossed out and illegibly overwritten,
lots of greasy cutry, pizza and beer stains, lengthy sec-
tions of differént-colored pages and hundreds of sticky
notes attached with incorrect and misleading informa-
tion. It is as poorly organized. and indexed as human
phone books..A termite-spirit animates this huge and
messy fetish..The phone book contains not only the
phone numbers of Garou and Kin (especially, Glass
Walkers, Children of Gaia and Silver Fangs), but num-
bers for spirits, sites in the Umbra or,even some <
Note that copies of this phone book are all differer
that Garou and Kin guard them carefully.
used with SpiComs (see Tribebook: Glass
well as any phone. To use this
Wits + Enigmas roll, difficulty
person or entity that one wish

Level One, Gnosi
‘This fetish is made
trickery or camoufla:
plastic elemental, ins
about the rightsize for

like "2FAST4lU".) Any observer
note of the speed of the vehicle,
measuring device on.it, must make

vrovides the driver with 3 dice of Subterfuge e
purposes of talking her way out of the ticket, as long as
her hands are on the wheel. Finally, any automated
speed-tracking device that snaps a picture of the plate
will only get an unreadable smudge.

Micen-f User (Sin! Uae)

Level One, Gnosis 5

This Kinfolk-made watch contains a Lune, and
has a dial showing the moon's phases in addition to the
correct time... Wherever the Garou is at the time, he
can look at the watch and react as if he were seeing the
actual moon in the sky. This works indoors, under-
ground and even in far Umbral realms, although the
Garou may still gain Rage only for his first sighting of
the moon on any given night, be it with this fetish or
by viewing the actual moon.

Sees seen es an ee EE me

Appendix: Riot Gear

Ln SD A IE

The Dragon Breed are said to wear watches carry-
ing the image of the Sun, which they worship asa great
God. The truth of this is not known. If extant, these
would be similar to Moon-Watches, likely with minor
Sun-espirits bound within.

CEL Of Je

Level Two, Gnosis 5

As human spiritualiry wanes further and further,
Veils of Sin become rarer and rarer. This fetish com-
monly takes the form of a scarf, bandana, hijab (Mus-
lim head covering) or 1950s ladies' hat with veil. Ir is
always won so.as to cover the head or face. The spirit
e wearer, but their deeds. When about
it some breach of a specific religious code of
qearer may roll to activate the fetish.

that any genuinely religious person
The wearer is not invisible —
ill chink that he is doing

ey must have some sort
ohine isn't quite right.

ceal sornething that is
nother, the veil can
It, this fetish is at its
e deeds that are ac-
such as theft... The
ligious hypocrisy in

of connections that permeated the modern city had its
own spirits, and that they enabled Garou to fight more
effectively as Gaia's warriors. They were the first to
create this unusual fetish, and although the means of
communication have changed, the name remains.
This fetish takes the symbolic form of a klaive, but is
not a true weapon for use in physical combat; some are
klaive-shaped necklace pendants, some are keychains,
and a few Random Interrupts have encoded their
telegraph klaives as softwere. The weapon contains a
war-spirit just as does a regular klaive, but the spirit is
not always willing to enter this unusual weapon (or
rather, interpretation of the "weapon" concept).
The telegraph klaive can be used to atrack through
the city's web: the Garou must know his target's exact
location, state the means of connection (such as phone,
Internet, or the sewer) and then make the roll as if he

119


were throwing the klaive. The web of plumbing, power
outlets, etc., will instantaneously carry the attack to
the enemy. Bone Gnawers have savaged Black Spirals
by attacking through sewer pipes, while attacks over
the phone have made the reputation of many Glass
Walkers. The enemy will usually be surprised (to say

"the least) by this attack, but may defend and soak as

usual. The telegraph klaive can be reused, but it must
first be physically retrieved (even if softwere, it must be
downloaded from the enemy's computer firsthand).
Most Garou with these fetishes are careful about how
they use them, lest the enemy survive to use their own
trick against them at an equally inopportune time.

Churbraphona/ thmfirgager

Level Three, Gnosis 5

The Umbra can be accesséd in many ways. The
Umbraphone,-first devised by a wily Uktena of the
Waterfall of Angels caern, allows-speech through the
Shadow. A-mynah-bird spirit must bind itself to this
fetish, which appears to be an ordinary cell phone. But
when the Garou dials certain numbers and spends.a
Gnosis point, he can call spirits (who don't manifest,
merely talk to him) or other Garou, regardless of their
location, who are near'a phone. Note that spirits and
Garou will not automatically answer the phone or
agree to help the caller. (The Storyteller may torment
the player endlessly with spirits who are in meetings,
with clients, unavailable; or out of the office). This
fetish is useless without knowledge of the proper mum-
bers, of course; and Garou who use it are wary of
eavesdroppets on the cell network. Using the phone
requires a Gnosis roll: some rare few Kin can use it, but
most cannot..A mistake connects the user to some
irritating or useless person who will never get off the
phone.-A botch connects the caller to a Wyrm-crea-
ture, who may well crawl out of the earpiece and eat the
caller's brain.-This phone can. be used for the Glass
Walker Gift: Phone Travel. In fact, it is the most useful
fetish for those who also have this Gift.

An Ulmbrapager can relay messages and pages
from spirits, but cannot call them back. These pagers
are slightly more common than Umbraphones:

Level Four, Gnosis 7

The Glass Walkers value and delight in science,
and especially technology. Their apartments bristle
with the latest gadgets. A Glass Walker Theurge and
artist, Diane Stone, created this fetish using a termite-
spirit, and has used it many times. In form, it is a
nondescript plastic and metal box, about the size of an
iMac. It has a switch on its top and an electrical cord.
Its function isn't immediately obvious.

120

Book of the City

ie ime

The Garou simply plug the appliance in and turn
it on, spending a point of Gnosis to fuel its fetish
nature. The Appliance then begins to shapeshift sub-
tly while no one is looking. It becomes the household
appliance or machine tool that is most useful to the
Garou at that particular moment: a drill press, enamel
kiln, gas chromatograph, or ever a television set tuned
to Umbral stations. Ircannot become a weapon, cloth-
ing, or anything alive. The Storyteller should try to
figure out what strange device would make the story
more interesting. The user cannot predict or control
what the appliance will turn into. It will function for
one scene before reverting to its original form.

Catt S Pa tefe

Level Five, Gnosis 6

This fetish knife is crafted with the aid of a recy-
cling-spirit from a pane of glass that was broken by a
person. falling through it.who-later died from the
injuries. As one would expect, this doesn't happen
often (barring active defenestration by enterprising
Theurges), so these knives are relatively rare. The
bloody glass is formed into a viciously sharp, short
stabbing knife with a cross-shaped, four-edged blade. It
is difficult to hit an opponent with this blade. It cannot
be. used to slash, and it has very little reach, so it is
usually used in a stealthy atrack. The wounds caused by
the shank are wide and bleed freely. The blade when
first made has a few streaks of red blood within the
glass; with each use more streaks are added unril the
shank appears permanently the color of fresh blood.
Although it is made of glass it is mot remarkably fragile.
It can be broken with some effort, but it will never
break when used in an attack by the hand of its owner
-— unless she uses it against a truly solid object or foe.
A spirit of blood or glass can be used to empower the
fetish. Attacking with a glass shank incurs a +2 diffi-
culty to hit due to its limited reach and angle of attack,
but deals Strength +3 aggravated damage.

SHEL

The following items are oné-shot fetishes largely
peculiar to urban septs..As usual, a character may
purchase talens at character creation at the cost of two
per point invested in the Fetish Background.

tere of Dative

Gnosis 3

Any werewolf may use this ralen, but few save
Glass Walkers and Children of Gaia do so; most Garou
are a bit prouder than thar. This ralen enables the
stylish werewolf to dress for success when attracting a
mate.-A mink-spirit animates this talen, which takes
the form of some sort of clothing. The clothes are

|


usually flattering, anything from a silk dressto rave
attire, but some Bone Gnawers are reputed to
fashion these talens out of hideous polyester suits.
The werewolf dons the clothes (and activates the
talen) before going a-courting.

The-talen grants two effective points to
Charisrna, Mariipulation or Appearance as de-
sired (but not above 5) forthe rest of che night;
the clothes are invariably ripped to shreds if
the courtship is successful. At the Storyteller's
discretion, this talen may add an additional
1% to the chances of breeding true. Glass
Walkers have tried to create asimilar talen
cosmetic treatment for the lupus of their
tribe, but all results end in failure; to dare,
the Walkers are unable to do more than
let nature take its course.

fay Contrast

Gnosis 6

Sometimes the old ways are the
best. A clay contract is ameans of
ensuring that borh sides ad-
here toadeal. Both
sides do
any. <a
nor-
mal, mundane papérwork appro-
priate. The paperwork is often mixéd with clay
figurines representing items traded (though the
modern economy can make such representa-
tions difficult}; some Garou substitute the
blood or spit of both sides instead... The
figurines are then baked into a clay pot
which has a legal-spirit bound to it. If the deal
itself is broken, the clay contract shatters, freeing the
spirit: The spirit will then seek to punish whoever is
responsible for breaking the contract -— the one who
renegéd on the agreement.

Aatler Seo I Ielt"

Gnosis 6

This talen consists of a chain letter or fax, al-
though there are rumors of anv electronic version cre-
ated by binding a spirit into an email. It can cross the
players' path at any time during the story; its original
author is never certain. The letter tells of some hellish
catastrophe, soon past or about to strike, and tries to
frighten or bribe the recipient into passing the letter
along. It promises enormous rewards for spreading the
letter (which are actually Wyrm-tainted evils such as
"platinum" credit cards which allow Pentex to track
anyone who uses one) and ghastly consequences for
ignoring it (all too real).. The reader must resist with

LL A SS

Willpower to avoid passing the evil tale along to as ensure the items work properly together. The radio may
many people as possible. If she fails, she will pass it track multiple talens at the same time.
along, and if she botches, she will inadvertently add

even worse warnings to this animated urban legend. SOPEL AL
The Srorytreller should determine how many people
(humans,.Kin and Garou) have ‘to believe*in the SOPESOL Sf Raper
horrific tale for it to come true in reality. Once the Selig
number is reached, the final recipient will become B

, ackground Cost: 7
whatever the tale dictates: canriibal Kinfolk babysitter, ckgroun os
cub-slasher with hooks for hands, kidney-stealing se-
ductress, AIDS-infected orgy host, etc, etc. The villain
may.even be one of the player characters... The story

The Sodal spirits were the patrons of old Anglo-
Saxon frankpledges, of brotherhoods of Spartan war-
riors, and of innumerable Garou packs who used these
potential of this talen is obvious. spitics of unity to bind their packs and septs together. A

; i 4 : . odal will unify any group as tightly as heart could wish;

A Psychomachiae Gaffling inhabits this talen- so strong are they that the Wyrm has sought to corrupt
Cfefrecedtye PSE them, and has seduced afew of these kinship-spirits into

Gnosis 6 : becoming the horrifying Serpent Fathers (described in.
Freak Legion). Sodals alsofavor the rare Kin who runin
packs with their Garou families, maintaining that these
humans are simply being one with their families. They
are fond of any pack that accepts Kin. Offerings of wild
fungi or greenhouse flowers win their favor. The Sodals
are most pleased with those packs that demonstrate
perfect unity of action during their Rite of the Totem.
They appear as idealized warriors appropriate to the
setting; a Sodal assisting a Glass Walker pack in Rome
might appear as a perfect centurion in gleaming gold
armor, while a New York Sodal might appear in the
guise of a heroic-seeming street gang leader.

Traits: The Sodals grant an exceptional measure of
teamwork. They offer a dice pool of five tearmwork dice
that can be used for any Ability possessed by a fellow pack

Untraceable bullets havea metal elemerital bound
tothem, to protect the bullet during its journey through
the barrel of the gun. This makes it impossible to prove
that the bullet was fired from a specific gun, using the
usual law enforcement technique of comparing
scratches and grooves caused by imperfections in the
gun barrel. If it weren't for the impact at the end of the
bullet's flight, it would appear to be unused. Metal
elementals are often bound unwillingly into these
talens, since the bullets are plain and unremarkable -——
any unique qualities would defeat the purpose. Given
the usual rate of fire of a city werewolf's gun, however,
the spirits are rarely imprisoned for long. Lastly, the
protection of the metal elemental does not keep the

bullet from being marked by fingerprints or chemical
member. Hence, ifonly one person in a pack possesses the

contamination. .
Occult Knowledge, his packmates can draw on the pool

Salepe COLLIE Comlco tomake Occult rolls (although he cannot, as none of his
DIME Peace Cater cited Tiftt® Tonge packmates are contributing to his own knowledge). A
Radio: Level 2, Gnosis 6 player cannot use more dice from the community pool

° me than a packmate has dots in the given Ability; if the

Talens: Gnosis 5 highest Brawl in the pack is four dice, no packmate can

This fetish and talens are used in tandem to track use all five reamwork dice on a Brawl roll. In addition, a
creatures of the material and spirit worlds. The raciio is Sodal grants three extra dice to avoid frenzy as long as the
created first by coaxing the spirit of a hunting arachnid — pack sticks together and doesn't quarrel.
spider or scorpion — into a working radio. The radio is Ban: Any sowers of discord will find themselves and

usually decorated in some manner to make it a more
appealing spirit home..The physical tracer, for which a
tick-spirit is bound to'a'small piece of circuitry with
protruding wires or prongs; when activated, it can crawl
a short distance -to the targer and attach itself as
unnoticeably as a tick. Wherever the target goes, even if SOFEADP Sf? Sgr
it reaches into the Umbra, the tracer broadcasts its ANtovadngiuo

location to the fetish radio. The ralen can broadcast for as
many hours as the bound tick-spirit has Gnosis (usually5,
but stronger spirits can be bound to increase the broadcast
time) before exhausting itself and becoming inert. The
Garou bonded tothe fetish radio must create the talens to

122 Book of the City

OLE LL TT i ET LN

their pack abandoned by the Sodals. This applies to any
Garou or Kin who starts or abets fighting, discord and
arguments. Legitimate differences of opinion. are un-
avoidable, but deliberate malice will drive offthe Sodals.

Backgrotund Cost: 7

Momentum -is a victory-spirit of many names,
including "Hot Hands" or "Winning Streak." She
favors the brave and the crazy; giving and withdrawing


success almost randomly. Bone Gnawers endlessly
seek her favor, but few of them enjoy it for long. The
Shadow Lords are much more elaborate and carefulin
the rites they practice for her, but have no more luck
than the ragged children of Rat do. Momentum has no
true set form, but most werewolves report meeting her
in the guise of a lovely but capricious woman, often
dressed as if attending a high-stakes casino.

The victory that Momentum. brings can be the
center of many stories: the Storyteller may make her the
patron of a mighty pack who suddenly fell into rui
tell the tale of hapless cliath raised to great Re
her mysterious forces. She is a temporary tot
and is mainly chosen by packs that i
together for a single mission, then separ:

Traits: Momentum grants a dice p can be
applied by the pack toany dice roll they re although
they must share out the dice as usual). Thi ool starts

at zero dice, and increases by one die fore
pack shares over a potent foe (such as
armed fomori at least equal in number to

Ban: No matter what, Mom
abandon the pack at a rando:
highly inopportune time.
{it's expected), but is i
pack's perspective.
which Momentu
sore point before the close of the
the story) — the pack should go th
climactic struggle witho
spent on Totem can be aj
pack trotern without pen:

Foren! of VUkaCrir
Ky Faster Mitofber
Background cost:'6 :
A. City Father or Mothe e manifestation of
human and machine inter: ms within the tight con
fines of the city limits. It reflects the character and history
of the community that spawned it, but it is capable of
acting on its own initiative in the city's best interests.
The totem will only spring into being where there
isacity, with a minimum population of 50,000 people.
It cannot leave its bounded area except to travel into
the Near Umbra, where it is restricted to urban realms.
The totem appears in an anthropomorphic form that
represents its city. The City Father of Pittsburgh mani-
fests an-immigrant steelworker, while San Diego's
takes the form of a Spanish missionary.
Traits: All children of a City Father may interact
with the spirits of their City as if they had the Bone

Gnawer Gift: Attunement, without the expenditure ~

of Gnosis. Additionally, the totem may inform them of

er

Appendix: Riot Gear

Ea SE NS

impending danger, either personally or through an
appropriate messenger. Children of the City also each
receive three additional dice to any Streetwise tests
relevant to their city. Glass Walkers gain one tempo-
tary Wisdom when accepted by a City Father, but
members of all other tribes lose one temporary Honor.

Ban: City Fathers or Mothers will often ask their
Children' to perform tasks for the good of the city. If
these tasks are refused, the totern will withdraw its

Cost: 4

e Hand is a powerful market-spirit,
strong in cient Greek city-states, the Venetian
Republic, the Hanseatic League, and in early America.
He is a favorite of the Glass Walkers and of some
Children of Gaia. Some Garou interpret him as a spirit
of pure capitalism. Others see him as aspirit of exchange
date for the benefit of the common
thers hold that he is the patron of
siocracy: the economic idea that

pt company. They will always
e Law of the Jungle or human law;
Wo dice of the Law Knowl-
s three extra dice on
"deal" of any sort,
ace talks, or even

yy child who cheats

ground Cost: 5
For all those desiring power in the political arena,
there is no greater totern than Tammany Hall. How-
ever, an alliance with this entity is, in the eyes of other
Garou, often as bad as a deal with the devil. -Tammany
Hallrepresents political power as an end in and of itself,
disregarding the democratic process that is supposed to
support it. Oddly enough, lupus Garou trying to operate
in the city sometimes demonstrate no antipathy toward
Tammany Hall's ideals, as they don't respect the human
notion of democratic process to begin with.
~ Tarnmany Hall is a clearly American totem, ap-
pearing as a great tiger, often with its name neatly
lettered across its side like the farnous political car-

123

t

toon. However, it may have other nameés arid faces in
other countries, wherever political graft has become so
prevalent enough to have earned its own symbolism.
(Which is probably to say, everywhere.)

Traits: Tammany Hall grants its packs an addi-
tional dot in Manipulation and two dots in Politics. In
addition, Weaver-spirits connected with the city in
some way will often obey the pack members. When
using this power,.the player rolls Manipulation. +
Politics (difficulty equal to the spirit's W/illpower).
Success indicates that the spirit obeys the Garou fora
short period of time, as long as the request doesn't
require it to go against standing orders. More successes
cause the spirit to act with more efficiency and zeal.

Ban: Members of Tammany Hall must voteearly,
and they must vote often. They may never vote against
the sept's chosen political agenda.

ed

Background Cost: 6

Termite is a cousin of Roach, and is even more
Weéaver-prone than her kin. She lives in huge burrows
and hills and encourages Garou to cooperate. She is
ancient, knowing tales and songs of the long-ago
Dragon Kings and even of the lost Changing Breeds.
She plans to follow the Weaver to victory, burrowing
into the works of Man and Garou.

Children-of Termite may be from-any tribe,
but Bone Gnawers follow her more closely than
anyone else. Some Glass Walkers have taken her
as a totem also.

Traits: Packs of Termite get three extra dice when
they act to benefit the group before themselves. Each
member may also buy any Gift that involves chemical
weaponry (such as Visceral Agony; Odious Aroma,
Resist Toxin or Venom Blood) for one less experience
point than the usual cost. Each pack member gets the
Bone Gnawer Gift: Cooking as well, although rhey
don't need to cook the food. They may simply eat
anything wood or paper-based and be nourished (some-
what to the disgust of other Garou).

Ban: Termite demands that het kind be spared,
and that their proper role (as eaters of dead trees and
dead wood) be respected. They are not "pests" but
nature's recyclers.

124

Aiaotipe Atawenft

Background Cost: 4

Humans and Garou alike have speculated about
the immense power of machine intelligence. in the
future. The ultimate manifestation of this speculation
is the Machine Messiah, the spirit of Artificial Intelli-
gence Yet To Come. The Messiah appears as a large,
elegantly built computer mainframe, speaking in the
language of those who summon it.

‘Traits: The Messiah: grants the Gift: Control
Simple Machine to its children. Each pack member
also receives a two-die bonus to any extended or
resisted Intelligence roll.

Ban: Children of the Messiah must do everything
that they can to advance the coming of the machine
intelligence "singularity." They .must also work to
prevent human mages and the Wyrm from controlling
machine intelligence.

New Mtertts ar TF dint

Aiocnfpatet OE Le)

The wolves of the city are used to eléctronic and
mechanical senses augmenting their Gaia-given eyes
and ears (in the case of the Cyber Dogs, fatally so).
Sometimes this can be turned-to.a Garou's advantage.
Once per story, a Moon-painted Garou can.use any
true representation of their moon phase (a television
image, painting, tattoo, etc) as if they were seeing their
own moon phase for regaining Rage.

By Pte (2 potest Fp)

You fear and hate the smells and noise of the city.
Whenever you are among so many humans that you
cannot look in any direction without seeing them, and
smell them constantly, you are panicked. Your wish to
leave this place will be very strong. The same is true if
you cannot see trees or the horizon in any direction
because of buildings and machinery. Your difficulty for
any frenzy is lowered by two,.and any mental or
spiritual task, including regaining Gnosis, has a diffi-
culty two points higher. You may suppress this for a
scene with-a point of Willpower..This Flaw is most
common for lupus, including Red Talons.

Book of the City

LEE Le PT EY A

|


WEREWOLF: THE APOCALYPSE (REV. TSE).

WIA SBOT
S$29.9S VCS:

The core rulebook of the

game of Savage Horror. Hardcover.

WEREWOLE PLAVERS GUIDE SECOND EVTTION
WiwiBTO8
$25.00 AS.

All kinds of new rules and
"Traits for Werewolf plavers.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS HANDBOOK
WI S205
oo $TBOOCULS.

All the secrets thar Werewolf
Srorytellers need to know.

tribe books

vital character information for players and. Storytellers:

Fribebooks contain

TRIBEBOOK BLACK FURTES | LIDTANY OF THE TREBES </OLUUAE? LITANY OF THE TREBES VOLUAAE 3
(RENVTISED) - WW/3380 $20.00 LES: ; WW3382 $20.00 U.S:
WWS3851 St 4.95 cose Combines the Children of Gaia, Bone Combines the Red Talons, Shadowlords
Gnawers and Black Furies Tribebooks. and Silent Striders ‘Tribebooks,

FREBEBOOK: BONE GNAWERS ; , . :
CRES/ESED) - : LITANY OF THE TRIBES \/OLAAME 2 LIETANY OF THE TRIBES S/OLVUUAAE ¥

WW3S852 $1 4.95 ULS.S: : UWW338) $20.00 US. wie YN 3383 $22.95 US:
‘ : : Combines the Get of Fenris, Fianna Combines the Silver Fangs, Slaroicds

"and Glasswalkers Tribebooks: Uktena and Wendigo Tribeboo


other supplements

AN AN AST
WW73082 517.95 U.S:

Rules for playing the shapechanging spider
people of the Workd'of Darkiness

ART OF WEREWOLF:
THE APOCALYPSE
WW73803 $14.95 U.S.

"The lavishly iustrated are book that
accompanied the Werewolf limited edition
neay available individually. |

AXLS AUNOT:
THE BOOK OF SPIRITS
WW3067 $18.00 LES. ©

Derails Crnia's family of spirics from
mighry torems to the Naturaé of trees,
srones and rivers.

BSASTET
W/W3075 $1800 US!

The secrets of the clusive werecats

BOOK OF THE WEAS/ER
WW3209 $19.95 US.

Learn the secrers of the most powerful
member of the Triat, one of the greatest
forces the Clarou know.

BOOK OF THE WYLD
"WW73113 317.95 U.S.

Explore rhe source of all creatior: in this
book dertiling the W/yld's awesome power.

BOOK OF THE WIYRAA
SECOND EVITION
WW3109 $18.00 ULS.

The cosmic enemy of the Garou revealed.

CHRONWTCLE OF

THE BLACK LABYRINTH
WW/3 404 $12.95 U.S.

A compibarion of Wyrm lore, collecred
from eyewirness accounts throughout the
ages.

CORARK

oO WYN3077 $15.00 U.S.
This Changing Breed Book details the
society of the wetreravens.

CROATAN SONG
WW3112 $17.95 US.

Werewolves in Pre-Columbian' Nerth ~
Aroerica.

FREAK LEGION: A PLAYERS
GVMALDE TO FOMORT

WY/3066 $12.00 US.

Now you can play a fomior courtesy oF
Penrex, Black Dog Game Factory and rhe
Wytiml For adules only,

GUARD LANS OF THE CAERNS
WW3212 $15.95 LS

Thé sotircebook abour the seetet lairs-of
werewolves.

GURARL

WW3079 $17.95 ULS.

‘The werebears tise from their shimber itn
this Changing Breed Book.

HEN GEVYOKAT:
SHAPESHIFTERS OF THE EAST
WW 3063 $20.00 LS.

Witness ancl play -—- the shapechenyers
of the Far East.

HIN FOLK UNSUNG HEROES
WW3074 $15.00 U.S.

Offers information. for playing the mortal
kin of Garou or even the kin of orher
Changing Breeds.

AAOKOLE

WW73081- 319.95 ULS.

Derails the werecroccxdilians of che Workd
of Darkness.

NAGAH

WW 3 084 $19.95 US.

KAW SEA

WW3076 $12.00 USS

Spotlights the w- erecoyates, tricksters per
excellence.

RAGE ACROSS EGYPT
WW3114 $17.95 US.

RAGEACROSS THE HEAVENS
WW31LO $19.95 US.

A boak about Garou prophecies and
celestial influences, cletai ing c

prov ied ing many heavenly Csitts.

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VOLWAET
WW/3069 $20.00 U
Combines Cactms: Places
Rage Across Russia:

of Power arc

for.more information visit us online:

wivw.white-wolf.com

EREWOCP

APOCALYPSE |
a> ai

RAGE ACROSS THE WORLD
VMOLWUAAE S

WW/3071 S18.00 US

Combines ee Across New York ancl
Rage Actoss the Amazon.

RATEIEN

WI 3 080 $19.05 US

The Ratkin take their rightful place
among the wercbeasts with chis Changing

Breed Book.

ROKEA

WW 3083 $17.95 US
A complete reference rer he s savage aie
deadly weresharks.

THE STLVER RECORD
WW3Z10 $14.95 USS

The fabled accowne of Garou origits.
‘Tradeback-

SUBSTOTARIES:

A GUIDE TO PENTEX -
WAN/3211 SL7.95 ULS.

The divisions of the Wyrm's industrial
conyvlomerare revealed.

VA BRA CRESVTSED)

WWSEPL S19.95 US.

A essential guide ro the spirit world of
the Garou.

WEREWOLF: THE PARK AGES
WY NY 3800
Rule for ple s al shapechamegers. A
crassever with ee The Dark Ages.

WEREWOLF CHRONTCLES

VMOLAAME TF

WW3207 $15.00 US

Combines Werewolf: Rite of Passage arid
Valkenberg Fourclarion.

WEREWOLF CHRO NreLes
VOLUAAE. Z

W/W3 208 $15.00 US.
Combines. Ways of che Wolf anc
Monkeywrerich! Pentex.

AWORLD OF RAGE

WW3213 SLOSS USL
Updares players and Storytellers ot 4 the
strugule of Garow actoss the globe.

WEREWOLF STORYTELLERS
COMPANTON

RWB B02 $14.95 US

‘The essential scree and rescuree
book for Wee wawolf Srorytellers.

a a


es in the spirit worlc¢
s of hell swing wide.

WHITE Wee

Whine Wallis a istered tries Of Whine Wolf Ps eat Bee is nd by Whire, WOE Pablishind Tac. Al rights reserved,


The Uleban Jungle

The cities of the World of Darkness are a dangerous place to be. Rampant crime and
widespread corruption are only the tip of the iceberg — the cities are also the homes of the
vampires, and breeding grounds for the spirits of the Wyrm and Weaver. But there's also life
in the cities, and where there's life, there's hope. The modern-day city is an urban battleground
— and a hunting ground. And the werewolves are on the hunt.

Rage i n the Streets!

In Werewolf, cities aren't what they seem. Book of the City takes a long look at the perils
of city life in the World of Darkness. From the dangers of the urban spiritscape to the unexpected
totem allies, from the supernatural threats of vampires and Pentex to the minor
problems such as law enforcement and Animal Control, this sourcebook is
every Werewolf player's guide to how to survive taking the fight downtown.

Book of the City contains:

° A detailed look at the hidden spirit nature of cities
© New urban threats for use in any chronicle

° New Gifts, rites, totems and fetishes to
help survive the urban war

PE Rn Nas. ms PURO RON.

EREWOLF

THEAPOCALYPSE -
~~ a Ny SRY

GAME STUDIO
