# File: Book Of The Wyrm (1st ed).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

aoe The Sato of the Wy oS eee om
LOS ~- for Werewolf:The bes ibe aeees


By Bill Bridges, Steve Brown, William Spencer-Hale,
J. Morrison, and Richard chia


Book of the Wyrm
eae


The fires of the great circle began to die, and the
whispers of the night creatures echoed through the forest
halls. An aura of ominous foreboding crept through the
formerly joyous gathering. Guards were posted around the
perimeters of the caern and all the inhabitants of this sacred
place huddled closer for comfort from the secrets of the
night.

The fires were rekindled to provide more light, but they
did little to dispel the shroud upon the souls of those who
huddled here. Tonight the Moon Dancers would spin the
tale of an entire tribe's insidious ruin. This is a legend held
close in the hearts of the Changing Breed, for it is a fate
which may befall any.

After several moments of tense silence, all eyes looked
to the myriad shadows of the forest. From the shadows this
story is told, for the Garou believe that if evil cannot gaze
upon you then it cannot steal you into the night. This
tradition had been held dear since the White Howlers were
stolen from Gaia and had seemed to provide protection
since those dark times. It was a practice which would not be
cast aside this night.

The disembodied voices of the Moon Dancers wafted
into the night and the tale began:

It was a time like all times, when the societies of men
were being torn asunder by the follies of greed and power.
The minions of the Wyrm reveled in the suffering of
mortals as the once-proud Roman Empire bled its last drops
on the pages of history. It was a time of change, when evil
tugged at the hearts of men and provided release from the

The Balefires of
(Damnation

suffering of their brothers. This was the time when our
brothers, the White Howlers, were taken from us by the
seduction of the Wyrm and its minions. This is the tale of
our greatest defeat.

The Romans were halted in their march by the tenacious
White Howlers and their Pictish brethren, who built a great
defense against the bloodthirsty legions. For many cycles
of the moon the battles raged between these two great
armies. The hills and valleys of Caledonia were soaked in
blood and the sky was scarred by the smoke of a thousand
funeral pyres. The screams of the dying were the sympho-
nies to which these warriors danced.

As suddenly and violently as it had begun, all became
quiet. For many long nights the two armies fell back to
assess the damage and lick their wounds. The quiet toyed
with the patience of the warriors; an anxiety which can only
be understood by those who have bathed in death. The most
horrible aspect of war is the frigid silence.

During this mock serenity, fomori used treachery and
subterfuge to seduce the weary warriors and penetrate their
defenses. They swiftly traveled the length of the land to
ancient Wyrm strongholds which lay in the moors of
Scotland. Harnessing all the rage which festered in their
black souls, they began to reawaken those forgotten caerns
of corruption. They set the many twisted Banes, so long
imprisoned, loose on the world to harvest the dreams of
men and extinguish them forever.

Once again, the silence was broken and war raged across
the land. The rivers once more overflowed with the blood
of desperate men. Unfortunately, war was not the only

Legends of the Garou

x"


atrocity these Banes brought to the Picts. They secretly
began to possess them, and these newly created fomori
seduced and bred with others, thus tainting the proud
bloodline with the Wyrm's poison.

The years passed and the Picts were left unharried by
their former enemies, for their defeat was imminent. The
fatal blow had been delivered, and the Picts could do
naught but wait for their horrid, bestial children to be born,
to carry their traditions into the darkness forever. Night
closed on the Picts and all hope seemed lost.

Through the confusion and treachery of this abomina-
tion, the White Howlers came to the aid of their Pictish
kinfolk and sought revenge upon the Wyrm for this out-
rage.

They traveled north to the Wyrm pit where this horror
had originated, carrying with them a great sorrow and rage
for their tortured kinfolk. Once there, they did not hesitate
in their endeavor, for they knew they would never again be
able to find the courage for this task. With silent resigna-
tion, the White Howlers entered this pit of darkness.

Through the twisting tunnels they descended, basking in
the glory of battle with all those who opposed them. It wa
not an easy trek to the center of this haven of madness.
Brother after brother felt the caress of death as the fomori
of Rome lunged from the darkness and trampled upon the
lifeless bodies of those who fell to their blades. But the
White Howlers, filled with rage and a courage bred through
generations of warriors, drove back these minions of the

Wyrm until they finally reached the black well at the center
of the caern. And so sealed their doom.

Only one White Howler escaped the horror and reached
the surface untainted by the tentacles of the Wyrm. His
name was Cororuc. He clawed his way to the outer earth;
there, despite the horrors which clutched at his heart, he
fought his way across the lands of men until he reached the
caern of the White Howlers. It was here that he told the tale
of how the Wyrm had sent black tentacles from the pits of
hell to grasp his companions and drag them into a pit of inky
blackness, a pit filled with the screams and moans of a
thousand unseen terrors.

Cororuc told of how he had helplessly watched as his
brethren were stolen from him and taken into that den of
screams. He raged, unable to help them — until they again
rose from that pit. But the shattered minds and bodies
which emerged from this black caern were no longer
Garou. They were twisted and horrid and their eyes were
ablaze with the balefires of damnation. A dark cunning
echoed in their voices — for they spoke to him, their
brother, and declared that they were no longer White
Howlers, but were now Black Spiral Dancers.

Cororuc, last of his pack, fell into a merciful slumber
after telling his tale.

That night, as Cororuc's tortured mind fiercely clung to
fevered sleep, his tainted brethren reached the weakened
Garou and sated their hunger on his weary flesh. It was


perhaps a fate far better than that of the perverted Garou. At
least his soul would know peace.

It was his courage that enables us to tell this tale today.
He fought his way alone against his former pack, so that he
might pass this story to others of the Changing Breed, lest
they suffer the same fate as the White Howlers. May Gaia
cradle him gently and keep him warm.

The Black Spiral Dancers ravaged the land in search of
the White Howlers. They ravaged the places they once
called home and thus marked the end of the White Howlers
as a tribe.

Night after night they stalked the forests of their former
homes and preyed upon those whom they once claimed as
kinfolk. No mercy was given to those who refused to follow
the ways of the Wyrm and as such, the majority of the White
Howler tribe were brutally murdered, their mangled corpses
used as examples for all who did not choose to accept the
macabre truth which the Black Spiral Dancers offered.

There were those, however, who chose to join with their
former brethren and irrevocably betray Gaia, as the Black
Spirals had done. These Garou freely gave themselves to
the darkness for a number of reasons; some for the power
which the Wyrm could grant them, others for the opportu-
nity to crush their enemies and still others because they did
not wish to see their tribe divided. It was a dark time for all
of the Changing Breed.

Those who chose to follow the Black Spirals were led to
the vile haven of the Wyrm and forced deep into the black
pit. Their minds were lost to the madness and they took
their places next to their comrades. In a matter of days, the
proud lineage of the White Howlers had ceased to be.

Once this task had been accomplished, the Black Spirals
burrowed into the safety of inner earth. There they dwell to
this day, rarely emerging into the light except to spread
their diseases onto the world and to deceive men with their
treacherous ways. Still they lurk in the shadows of man's
endeavors, bestowing their corruption upon all they en-
counter. Nothing is safe from them.

Remember this tale and keep it sacred. Pass it on to all
future generations so that none of us will ever forget. It is
a lesson which should not have to be repeated.

The fires had completely died. All that remained were
the crimson glow of the embers and the ghostly trails of
smoke softly rising into the night. The silence which
gripped the hearts of those gathered would remain with
each of them for some time, as it always did after the
retelling of this tragedy.

One by one, they disappeared into the night, each bear-
ing a wound in their hearts for their lost brethren. Into the
darkness they went until at last they merged with the night's
eternal secrets, each knowing that the Wyrm ever waits and
watches.

All was silent once more.

Legends of the Garou 5;

& ah WN "eR oP SETI Sa.
& my \ Sri, oe NS fm


Credits

Authors: Bill Bridges, Steve Brown, William Spencer-
Hale, J. Morrison, Richard Strong

Additional Writing: Phil Brucato, Sam Chupp, Jim
Comer, Sam Inabinet, Teeuwyn Woodruff

Development: Bill Bridges

Editing: Robert Hatch

Layout: Sam Chupp

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Art: Richard Thomas, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook,
Lawrence Allen Williams, Sam Inabinet, Steve Carter and
Antoinette Rydyr (SCAR Studios), John Cobb, Jeff Rebner

Cover: Tony Harris

Cover Design: Chris McDonough

Special Thanks

Sam "Culliford" Chupp for the dignified look, even
after the tasty brains.

Travis "Stern" Williams for the Thurgood Marshall
imitation.

Bill "Rushing" Bridges, for being a jolly Santa.

Josh "Kromrich" Timbrook for his wholesome good
looks.

Andrew "Meiche" Greenberg for puttin' on the pounds.

Mark "Yamazaki" ReineHagen for turning Japanese.

Stewart "Zettler" Wieck for the grimace — or is that a
smile?

Rob "Gauntley" Hatch for being the Wyrm within.

Richard "Kiker" Thomas for that Captain Picard look.

William "Allred" Spencer-Hale for being the wolf of a
different stripe.

Chris "Newberry" McDonough for the happy look;
business is good.

Benjamin "Wallflower" Monk, Jr. for providing us
with a new office toy to write on.

Wes "We Shall Always Have Paris" Harris even if he
doesn't.

René "Dougie" Lilly for her Live-Action spousal be-
trayal.

Ken "Nuts" Cliffe for the unwanted guest and the
midnight run in his underwear to get rid of it. The squirrel
won.

Lyndi "The Mirror Darkly" Hathaway for always
hitting the four-square ball right back atcha.

6 Book of the Wyrm

Legends of the Garou: The Balefires of Destruction ues
Deel OOICLIONA  ssesscsectesscceessscscsseacoraneBeseeere toe ttoeercptsne Titer tasaase eens 9
Chapter One: Black Spiral Dancers wrnnnnnnnnnnnsnnnes 13
Chapter Two: Pentex Incorporated .... ened
Chapter Three: Malfeas, the Wyrm's Realm...
Chapter Four: The V0 ytrt vs
Chapter Five: The VD yrr's Brood sms 73

Introduction

Book of the Wyrm


Like a snake crawling up your spine

You got a feeling that you can't define

You got no ideas and you got no time

Cause there's a crack in the sidewalk

Come the rains and come the floods

Wash away our flesh and blood.

— House of Freaks,

The Wyrm writhes unseen, in the darkness and the light.
Its coils encompass the world. Wrapped in its slick, scaly
embrace, the world slowly suffocates and dies. Gaia gasps
in pain as the disease eats away at Her. It is growing, and
none know it.

None but the Garou, Gaia's last defense against the
corruption and decay. They are Her warriors, Her defend-
ers. Only they can hope to turn the tide of entropy, to
combat the Wyrm. For this, they must rage.

The Primordial Beast

The Wyrm's anger and frustration are primal forces. Its
coils reach out to ensnare all into its corrupting embrace.
Those it touches feel its madness as if it were their own. All
who are touched by the Wyrm know its rage through the
frenzy.

The Beast, dreaded by vampire and werewolf alike, is a
primal legacy of relationship to the Wyrm. The Beast is
feeling without thought, naught but raw urge. The Beast is
the Wyrm, but it manifests in many forms, as do the
Wyrm's fractured personas.

Introduction

rack in the Sidewalk"

Just as the Wyrm is bound by the Pattern Web, the Beast
is bound by mortal consciousness. These chains cannot
fully restrain it, but neither can it escape. When its rage
becomes too great, it lets loose a roar, which is the frenzy.
The Beast in the psyche reflects the Wyrm in the Web.

The Beast is awake in the Garou. Although their rage is
a manifestation of Gaia's pain and anger, the Wyrm has
corrupted even Gaia's anger, and the Beast rampages
through the Garou. The plight of the werewolves is to
remain pure even as the seed of the Wyrm sprouts within
them.

The Lurker Within

The Wyrm is rarely seen, for it lurks beneath the surface
of the things it corrupts. Very few have the ability to sense
it, for this requires a deep relationship with it. The Garou
have this link through their rage.

k seed inside allows them to discover the Wyrm
. It gives them the rapport they need to sense
the manifestations of the Wyrm, to seek them out and
combat them. It is their rage which strikes terror into the
minions of the Wyrm. The Garou can turn the dark anger

9


seething inside them, anger stoked by the Wyrm, against
the Wyrm itself, thus fighting it with its own weapons.

However, they must never allow this seed to take root.
They must not water it with false desires and evil thoughts,
lest they become its servitors. Once freed, the urges of the
Wyrm cannot be bound. They must be destroyed.

Theme

The theme of this book is corruption, the essence of the
Wyrm. It is the common thread running through all of the
Wyrm's minions. The Wyrm gains power through the
corruption and contamination of lofty purposes and ideals.
Philanthropy turned to greed, peace to violence, love to
hate — all these feed the Wyrm. The Garou must guard
their borders from without...and within.

Mood

Doom is the all-pervasive mood of the coming Apoca-
lypse. It is the Garou's duty to prevent it. Unfortunately, too
many succumb to Harano, weeping for what is not yet lost.
Every creature in this book darkens the fate of all it comes
across. It is up to every warrior of Gaia to fight the despair
in their own hearts and turn it back upon the Wyrm.

How Co Use This Book

The Book of the Wyrm is a sourcebook of the Wyrm and
its plans for utter corruption. This book is intended for
Storytellers, and included are many secrets to which play-
ers should not be privy. Face it, a mystery is no fun if you
know the answer. All are welcome to read this book, but
unless you are a Storyteller prepared to use the material,
you may just ruin your fun later on when you play the game.

The Book of the Wyrm is a dark book, full of many evil
and ominous things. The creatures and humans herein are
the antagonists of the Garou, and they aren't pretty. If there
is any wisdom here, it is hidden in madness. This book is a
mirror of our dark side blown to fantastic proportions. At
least, some things in this book are fantastic. Others are all
too real. The danger to the environment through greed and
exploitation is no fantasy.

What's in This Book

Legends of the Garou: The Balefires of Damnation
—This is a tale rarely told by the Garou, but one they must
tell lest they fall to the Wyrm's corruption as did the White
Howlers, now the hideous Black Spiral Dancers.

Chapter One: The Black Spiral Dancers, Fangs of the
Wyrm — This chapter details the "lost tribe" of the Garou:

its members' society, their bizarre rites, their own Litany
and their madness.

Chapter Two: Pentex Incorporated, Coils of the
Wyrm — Pentex is a multinational corporation whose
economic and political power is truly frightening, for its
source is the Wyrm. This chapter details Pentex's divisions
and special projects, its perverse Board of Directors, its
many subsidiaries and its tactics for world corruption.

Chapter Three: Malfeas, Lair of the Wyrm — In the
Deep Umbra there is a dark realm of putrid corruption,
Malfeas. Itis the base of operations for many of the Wyrm's
most powerful minions. From here, plots are hatched to
invade Gaia' s realm and destroy all resistance to the Wyrm's
conquest.

Chapter Four: The Wyrm — The very beast itself. The
Wyrm is all-encompassing, an evil that is nearly unimag-
inable in its true form. It is seen by others as many different
things, from a serpent circling the world to a many-headed
hydra of destruction and malicious passion.

Chapter Five: The Wyrm's Brood — Herein are
detailed the gifts and totems of the Black Spiral Dancers,
the fomori agents of Pentex, the Wyrm monsters crawling
the earth, the things traveling the Umbra and many fetishes
of corruption. Included are the rules necessary for using
these dread things in your game.

Using the Wyrm in Your
Chropide as

There are many different ways to use the Wyrm and its
minions in your game. They are the main supernatural
horrors that confront the Garou. In the Gothic-Punk world
of Werewolf, the psycho who killed 30 schoolchildren in
ashooting spree is more often than not possessed by an evil
entity from the spirit world. However, this does not exon-
erate him from guilt, for he probably served the Wyrm of
his own accord in return for promises of power. The beast
was invited in.

Humans, however, can be quite cruel without the help of
Banes or the Wyrm. Don'tuse Wyrm creatures as an excuse
for all the evil in the world. Banes are best used as the final
step in the process of corruption. A possession is the icing
on the cake of an already contaminated existence.

Nonetheless, don't lose sight of the potential for tragedy.
Unwilling possession, a fight for one's own soul, can be
very dramatic, and only heightens themes of free will and
purity.

Another thing that may occur when combating the Wyrm
is death. Do not be afraid to let death be a vital and dramatic
part of a game. Do not allow dead characters to pop up at
the end of the adventure, alive once more. All the great

Book of the Wyrm


sagas and legends include tales of the death of the hero. The
Lord of the Rings would have missed a vital element of
supreme sacrifice if Boromir had not died fighting orcs and
his own internal corruption (the Bane-possession theme
above). Sacrifice is an important part of the mythic tales
from which Werewolf draws its own stories. Death is what
the Apocalypse is all about; indeed, the death of the world
is what's at stake.

Werewolf provides a chance to enter a world of ex-
tremes, to step into the living myth of a people with a clear
vision of their world. This vision is enviable to us, in our
modern world of shady distinctions, as it represents a
wholeness and insight we have lost.

Introduction

The endis nigh...forthe Wyrm is ascendant in the world.
Its minions are in high positions of power, commanding
armies of silent destruction from tall skyscrapers, or dwell-
ing in the low places of hellish darkness, ready to crawl into
the world to wreak havoc.

Against these forces, the Garou must be strong. They
must hold to the ancient ways, yet remain open to new
wisdom, Only they know the truth behind the dying world;
only they can see the signs of Apocalypse.

All the prophesies have come to pass. In the final war, as
the bell tolls the coming destruction, only heroes can avert
the doom of the world.


Book of the Wyrm


The Wyrm has many minions spread throughout the
Tellurian. In the Realm there are many who are eager to sell
their sanity in return for the powers granted by the Wyrm.
The Wyrm has wrapped its coils tight around the world,
using its minions as its soldiers of corruption and destruc-
tion. The Black Spiral Dancers are among the most fearsome
of these dark servitors.

Many Garou fear to speak of the Dancers, lest their
voices attract the Wyrm. The tale of their corruption,
however, is still told. It is too important to be forgotten.
Around the Grand Moots, when guards are set against the
marauders of the night, the Moon Dancers begin their tale
of the Dance of the Black Spiral which tore a tribe from
Gaia's womb.

History of the Black
Spiral Dancers

How can I wear the harness of toil

And sweat at the daily round

While in my soul forever

The drums of Pictdom sound?

— Robert E. Howard, "The Drums of Pictdom"

The story begins long ago, during the Roman occupation
of Britain. The Romans were halted in their northward
march by the fierce Picts. On the border of Caledonia

Chapter One

(modern Scotland), the Romans built a wall to defend their
line. Hadrian's Wall. The border between the Weaver of
Rome and the Wyld of the barbarian Picts.

Rome was slowly becoming corrupt, eaten away from
inside by dissension, all in accordance with the plans of the
Wyrm. Many of the Cainites (especially Malkavians) who
controlled aspects of the burgeoning empire were tools of
the Wyrm, and their actions furthered its goals of destroy-
ing the Wyld. The campaigns against Gaul and Britain were
meant to pin the Wyld-aligned humans firmly under the
Web of Rome.

There were many Garou among the Celtic tribes, how-
ever, especially the Fianna. The Get of Fenris were populous
among the Goths. Nonetheless, the Roman army inexora-
bly swept north. Even the struggles of the Garou did little
to turn the tide, for many among the Roman legions were
fomori.

Eventually, the march was halted by one Garou tribe, the
White Howlers, and their Pictish Kinfolk. For years they
held the hordes of Rome back, and a long cold war ensued.
The Wyrm, however, had ancient strongholds among the
heaths and moors of Scotland. A few fomori and vampires
were able to sneak past the White Howlers' defenses and
reawaken these caerns. Once the caerns were reactivated,
Moon Bridges summoned creatures from Beyond to raze
the countryside, harrying the White Howlers and their
Pictish people.


But combat was not the only thing these monsters
delivered unto the Picts. Banes slyly possessed the Kinfolk
and began to breed with them. The next generation of Picts
were stunted, bestial men, and the generation after that
were even worse. While the rulers of the tribes were of the
pure blood, and remained untainted, their race was dying.
The White Howlers knew they had to act, or else their kin
would perish.

A powerful pack went forth to raid the deep pit which
was the most potent of the Wyrm's awakened caerns. The
events that followed became known to the Garou through
the last survivor of that pack, Cororuc. Cororuc was later
brutally slain and devoured by his own packmates after
their corruption in that caern — a corruption which trans-
formed them into the Black Spiral Dancers.

Most Garou do not know how the pack was corrupted.
They know that the White Howlers were yanked into a dark
pit by the inky black tentacles of the Wyrm, only to emerge
in their insane incarnations.

The Black Spirals themselves believe that their First
Pack was dragged into a Moon Bridge by Beast-of-War
itself. The pack was hurled into Malfeas, the dark realm of
the Wyrm, and forced to walk the Black Spiral Labyrinth.
When or how this Labyrinth came to be, none know. Some
believe it was constructed so the Wyrm could lure Garou to
it and force them to walk it, thus ensuring their corruption.
Others say it was used for other purposes and only became

Sere SES wGKtt

Book of the Wyrm

the special property of the Black Spiral Dancers after the
White Howlers first danced it.

Regardless, the pack returned, but no longer were they
White Howlers. They bore the marks of corruption on their
skin and fur — now mottled and green, and glowing with
balefire radiance. They wore the Brand of the Wyrm on
their foreheads, and all the Wyrm creatures still alive in the
caern bowed down before them. They soon killed most of
their former tribe and forced the remnants to succumb to
them.

The Black Spirals never returned to the surface world,
although they occasionally emerged to attack the Fianna
Garou, their former allies. Instead, they lurked below,
building massive tunnels in the earth, knowing full well
that they would need them in future service to the Wyrm.

Thus the Black Spiral Dancers came to be.

Black Spiral Society

The Black Spiral Dancers live very much like any other
Garou. Despite the fact that most other Garou consider life
among this tribe to be insane and brutal, it is not always so.

The Black Spiral Dancers maintain most of their caerns
in or around underground lairs, which they call Pits. The
term Pit is not only applied to the caern itself, but to the
surface area around it as well.


The Black Spirals call their septs Hives. They also
divide themselves into packs, as do other Garou. A Black
Spiral pack is formed with some purpose in mind, as are all
other Garou packs.

Mating and relationships between Black Spirals are
common, although actual love is not. They accept their
metis as equals, since a large percentage of Black Spiral
population is made up of them. Metis from other tribes are
often tempted to the Wyrm through Black Spiral promises
of equality.

Because of this acceptance of "incestuous" birth, Black
Spirals take considerable pride in their lineage, tracing
their heritage back through many generations on both their
mother's and father's sides of the family. Many metis thus
have the Past Life Background, and can channel their direct
ancestors through them. Occasionally, a strain of the pure-
bred Pictish tribes is born into the Black Spirals, though
always from a homid birth. Once in a very long while, a
White Howler pup is born to Kinfolk. These Garou have no
tribe to initiate them, and often wander the world alone in
their shapechanging misery. Occasionally they find other
Garou, and are adopted into another tribe, but for the most
part they are tracked down by the Black Spiral Dancers and
impressed into the tribe. These few, the only Pure Breeds
they have, are revered, given the greatest of gifts and
groomed to be elders.

All Black Spirals wear talismans made of various met-
als, colors, jewels and designs. These ornaments denote the
Black Spiral's rank, family background, Hive and pack.

Some Black Spirals are ronin, but they are treated as
equals to all other Black Spirals unless they have been
proven guilty of turning away from the service of the
Wyrm. Those that turn traitor are killed on sight.

The Black Spirals maintain close Hive-to-Hive rela-
tions. Since they are much smaller in number than their
enemies, they find it necessary to stay united. Because the
Black Spirals often rely upon the tunnels that lace the
underworld, they must maintain good relations lest they
destroy each other.

The rites used by the Black Spirals are, for the most part,
the same as those used by all the other tribes. There are,
however, two of their own which are of real importance.
These are their rite of passage, called the Dance of the
Black Spiral, and the Rite of Transmogrification (actually
a later dance on the Black Spiral). These two rites are
important because they maintain the link between the
Black Spirals and the Wyrm.

The Black Spiral moots are always held underground.
Usually any Wyrm-serving creatures that live below the
earth are invited to the moot. Black Spiral moots are similar
to the moots of other tribes, though they are dark and
sinister in comparison because of the other strange crea-
tures which often attend.

Black Spiral Beliefs

Gods of heather, gods of lake,

Bestial fiends of swamp and brake;

White god riding on the moon,

Jackal-jawed, with voice of loon.

Serpent god whose scaly coils

Grasp the Universe in toils.

— Robert E. Howard, "Men of the Shadows"

The Black Spirals' beliefs are quite different from those
of the other tribes. The main difference between their
beliefs and those of other Garou is the side from which they
see things.

The Black Spirals accept the same basic spiritual dogma
as all other Garou, that of the Triat. They believe in the
Weaver, the Wyrm and the Wyld. However, they do not
believe the Wyrm to be evil. They know better, for they
have looked into the heart of the Wyrm and have seen its
truth.

The Black Spirals see themselves as servants of the
Wyrm. The Wyrm is a necessary force to contend with the
growing strength of the jealous Mother, Gaia. They believe
the Wyrm is their Father. According to Black Spiral doc-
trine, the Wyrm is still the force of Balance, and is merely
trying to offset Gaia's own unbalancing of the cosmos.
Toward this end, the Wyrm must destroy the Wyld, so the
Weaver can spin a web of balance. To achieve this end, the
Wyrm uses its many servants, such as Pentex.

Together with Pentex, the Black Spiral Dancers are
trying to save Gaia by destroying some of the life on her.
Only in this manner can Gaia survive. Her environment
must be restored to balance through the destructive gifts of
the Wyrm, and only through utter domination by the Wyrm
can the balance be maintained.

Black Spiral Demographics

The Black Spirals are thought to be only one-fourteenth
of the Garou population, but they are actually closer to one-
tenth. The Black Spiral Dancers are the only Garou tribe
that is growing in population rather than declining. Their
numbers are increasing for a variety of reasons.

The main cause is that they constantly breed among
themselves, though most of it is not done between members
of the same Hive. The acceptance of metis as full members
of the tribe makes it easier for the Black Spirals to grow.

The Black Spirals also increase their numbers by im-
pressment. They kidnap the members of other tribes —
usually their pups, but sometimes full-grown adults. They
subject the abductees to the Dance of the Black Spiral (their
rite of passage); if they survive, they become members of
the Black Spiral Dancers and renounce their former tribes.
They are even referred to as Black Spiral Dancers, not by
their previous tribe's name.

Finally, the Black Spirals are growing in number rather
than declining because they are supported by Pentex. The

Chapter One 5)


tribe is able to call upon a variety of means of as:
from the company, especially in the form of weapons and
fomori.

The Black Spiral Dancers have the lowest number of
homid-born and lupus-born pups of any tribe. They rely
heavily upon one another for new offspring. Of the ones
that are not metis, almost 90% are homid-born. The Black
Spirals usually do not have any success finding wolves that
will breed with them, so they are reduced to occasional
rape.

Unfortunately for the Black Spirals, few members of the
tribe survive to old age. Most die through violent means
before they are 50. The tribe also has a large number of
insane members. Some are so completely uncontrollable
that they have to be killed for the safety of their Hive.

The Pits of the Black Spirals

The Black Spiral Pits vary greatly. Many of them are
hellholes filled with toxic waste, rotting carcasses and
blazing pyres. Others are quiet, labyrinthine tunnel systems
carved from solid rock. All tend to be tainted by the Wyrm,
especially near their dens, the places within the Pits where
the Black Spirals live.

The name Pit comes from the term used by the first Black
Spirals of Scotland. Today, the name Pit is applied to all
Black Spiral caerns, regardless of whether they are below
ground or not. Many of the Pits are actually on the surface,

but even these usually have a number of tunnels in the
surrounding area.

Most of the Pits of the Black Spirals have become huge
tunnel complexes. Since they were outnumbered nearly 10
to one by the other Garou, the Black Spirals decided that the
only safe way to travel was underground. Now the Black
Spiral Pits form intricate webs of tunnels all across the
globe. They are usually patrolled, but not overly so, since
the tribe cannot spare many of its members. Usually this
task falls to the oldest and youngest members of the Hive.
The others are usually involved in working for Pentex or
destroying the Garou on their own.

If an individual other than a Black Spiral attempts to use
the tunnels, she has to understand the Pictish glyphs,
because all the directions are written in this language. For
this reason, almost all Black Spirals have learned the
tongue and writing of their ancestors. The only modern-day
language that is even related is Basque. In addition, it is an
interesting fact that Black Spirals still mark the Hives and
their own personal territories with urine.

One never knows what will be found within the tunnels
of the Black Spiral Pits. Hideous, Wyrm-created things
often lurk about, along with the occasional traveling Black
Spiral and even a few Unseelie faeries. On the other hand,
it is possible to travel the tunnels for days without meeting
a soul.

The Pits serve as homes as well as means of transporta-
tion. The Black Spirals have their dens located near the
entrances to their Pits, usually just far enough inside that
they cannot be seen or heard, but close enough so they can
get out in a hurry if they need to. Some Pits even have
modern conveniences such as televisions and microwaves,
which they power by tapping into underground power
company conduits. They embrace what technology has to
offer, unlike most other Garou.

One very important chamber within any Hive's Pit is the
Wyrmhole. This is not a powerful, gaping Wyrmhole that
is filled with Banes, but is instead a small glowing pit in an
otherwise empty chamber. This pit is called the totem-hole.
Within the totem-hole is a potent Bane. The Bane has been
bound to the spot as the Hive's totem. The Bane is given
enough power from the tribe to manifest itself on the proper
occasions, such as during the Dance of the Black Spiral.

The Pit will contain many hidden chambers, secret
doors, spy holes, traps, pits and other security devices.
Some Pits even have locked doors which allow access to
only the leaders of the Hive (with the exception of the
occasional Ragabash).

The Pit is a sacred place to the Black Spirals. It is their
sanctuary from the world above. They use it to provide
safety, but also to provide privacy.

Few outsiders ever become aware of the Pit tunnel
systems; those who do are usually killed. Even Pentex and
the Sabbat do not realize what elaborate structures the
Black Spirals have developed.

16 Book of the Wyrm

The Uses of Banes

Because of the strong ties between the Wyrm and the
tribe, Banes often serve the Black Spirals. Banes are used
in a number of ways. The more powerful Banes, ones
reaching the level of Incarna, are sometimes used as to-
tems, for either packs or whole Hives. Banes provide their
supporters with the same basic Gifts that other totem spirits
provide to other Garou packs, septs and tribes. Black
Spirals who serve a given Bane-totem are considered its
"bastards."

There are three categories of Bane-totems: totems of
Corruption, totems of Cunning, and totems of Strength.

The Bane-totems of Corruption are the Banes that have
long served the Wyrm in spreading corruption as if it were
a disease. They are insidious creatures, and are totally evil.
Ofall the Banes, these are the ones most likely to spread the
taint of the Wyrm through homids. They warp the emotions
of all thinking creatures. They are the Bane-totems that
symbolize what the Black Spirals feel in their black hearts.
The Bane-totems of Corruption give their bastards the
abilities to understand and manipulate the emotions of their
victims. They may also reward their bastards with points in
Rage.

The Bane-totems of Cunning are potent Banes that use
the power of the Wyrm in subtle ways to increase their own
personal power. They are highly intelligent and tricky, but
they rarely take any overt action. They award their bastards
with understanding of the mind, knowledge of strategy, and
Gnosis. However, these Bane-totems are not dependable.
When they do aid their bastards, it is usually when least
expected.

The Bane-totems of Strength are most likely to aid the
Black Spirals in battle. Unlike the other totems, they are not
afraid to commit their own personal power, which is
usually great, to the service of the Wyrm. They gift their
bastards with Rage, physical strength, and fighting ability;
they may even manifest themselves to do battle in the
physical world for them.

The Dance of the Black Spiral
(Rite of Passage)

Black Spiral Dancers undergo a very unusual rite of
passage. Until the age of adulthood the metis pups of the
tribe live within the Pit. They are taught the ways of their
ancestors, their language, their history, and their beliefs.
They are considered useful, but they may be killed without
reason by any member of the Hive. This seldom happens
since the tribe needs as many members as it can get, but if
it does, no one acts against the murderer.

Black Spirals who reach the age of adulthood, when they
make the First Change, are brought before the Hive's
totem-hole. Other Garou besides the metis are captured
shortly after their first transformation. Even though they

Chapter One

were kidnapped only a few days earlier, they must stand as
equals to the Black Spiral metis pups.
At the totem-hole, the pups witne:

the enactment of
their tribe's story by the Hive's Galliards and whoever else
is needed to play a role. Once they have been shown their
history (some of which the metis pups may already know,
but some of which has probably remained hidden from
them), they are led before each member of the Hive for
judgment. Any Hive member who wishes has the right to
destroy them before they go any further in the ritual; if they
are allowed to pass, however, they will not be harmed
without good cause.

Those that survive the judgment of the Hive must then be
accepted or denied by the Wyrm, by dancing through the
Black Spiral Labyrinth. This is a spiraling circle on the
floor of the cave, seemingly composed of shadowy tendrils
that emanate from the totem-hole. It is a shadow of the true
Black Spiral Labyrinth in Malfeas, summoned by the Black
Spiral Theurges.

As they dance through the loops of the circle, the pups
are tested by Enigmas, Banes and other entities. They are
subjected to horrifying visions, and at some points they are
actually transported to the Umbra.

If they survive and reach the center, they gaze upon the
face of the Wyrm. If their hearts do not seize with terror,
their minds shatter. They then wander back along the path
they came. As they retrace their steps, the pups-no-more
are indoctrinated by spirits and given the skills and Gifts

17


necessary to survive as Black Spiral Dancers. When they
exit the spiral, they will have a semblance of sanity,
although it is but a bulwark set against their lunacy.

Those who survive are welcomed into the tribe as full
members. Many of the new members gain awesome insight
into what they perceive as reality, but many more start to
suffer from their insanity, and are unable to maintain their
new identities as Black Spirals. A newly "created" Black
Spiral Garou must roll her Willpower versus a difficulty
equal to her Rage. If she succeeds, she does not gain any
Derangements. If she fails, she suffers a horrible Derange-
ment, perhaps even multiple Derangements. If she botches,
she goes irrevocably insane. If she gains five or more
successes, she gains special insight in the form of a free Gift
(Level One).

The Naming

A Black Spiral receives her name as soon as the rite of
passage is over. When she wanders off the twisted path,
mad from her ordeal, the first syllables she utters are
interpreted by the master of the rite as a name-form. Thus,
Black Spiral names come in odd forms, mere syllables
strung together, such as Gamush, Hang-gaal, Obobo, etc. A
name is thus the first brand of the new Black Spiral's
madness.

Choosing a Head of the Hydra

Upon completing the rite of passage, the young Black
Spiral is tutored in the ways of his tribe and ordered to
choose a Wyrm to follow. This is one of the many heads of
the Hydra, the split and shattered thought-children of the
Wyrm. The Black Spiral is shown all the Wyrms known to
the tribe, and must choose one to follow to his dying days.

This form of allegiance is very important to the Black
Spirals. Without it, a Black Spiral is considered weak and
indecisive.

The different Wyrms often have different goals from
each other, and sometimes fight among themselves. The
Black Spiral is expected to follow his Wyrm blindly, even
if it causes him to tear out the throat of a packmate who
follows another Wyrm. Loyalty to the Wyrm comes before
the pack or even tribe.

Following a Wyrm is not the same thing as following a
totem. A totem is an alliance with a powerful spirit being,
usually an Incarna. Following the Wyrm is an allegiance to
a grand ruler, the eventual victor (the Black Spiral hopes)
in the war for ownership of the universe.

The Rite of Cransmogrification

The greatest award a Black Spiral Dancer can attain is to
be chosen to reenter the mouth of the Wyrm. A Dancer who
survives gains more understanding of the universe and her
role as a servitor of the Wyrm. The Black Spiral Dancer
may also be given supernatural powers, as well as debilitat-
ing insanity. This is called the Rite of Transmogrification,
a Level Four rite.

The Black Spiral will instinctively know the proper time
for the ceremony, and will then approach the Hive's elder
Theurge and demand to be given the rite. If she successfully
intimidates the elder, the rite will be arranged. Should she
survive the rite, she moves up in Rank. It is a shortcut to
power, but with harsh results for those who fail — as most
do.

The Garou will partake of the rite in a lonesome, dark-
ened chamber of the Pit. She will strip herself of all her
worldly possessions and enter the Umbra through a mirror
or other shiny object. Once in the Umbra, a Bane will
approach her and lead her to a portal into Malfeas, the Lair
of the Wyrm. There, she will walk the true Black Spiral
Labyrinth, trying to pass through as many circles as she
feels she can withstand, although she must pass at least as
many as the Rank she is trying to attain.

The true Labyrinth is rumored to have nine circles. Even
in Black Spiral legends, no one has passed them all to reach
the center. For each circle successfully passed, the dancer
moves up in Rank, but only to the Rank corresponding to
the circle passed. In other words, Rank Five is only achieved
by successfully dancing through Circle Five.

The Dancer is presented with a major challenge on each
circle, and must overcome them all to walk away un-
scathed. The challenges can be of any type, but are somewhat
different for every Dancer and even for each time the rite is
undertaken. The challenges test the weaknesses, fears and
beliefs of the Garou.

After surviving the test, the Dancer will notice that she
is not in her own body, but in that of the Wyrm (no Garou
has yet remembered what the Wyrm's form looks like after
reemergence into the material world). The Dancer will then
realize that she is the Wyrm. The Wyrm embodies not only
her thoughts, but also her body and spirit. She will be met
by the Bane that guided her to the tests and led back through
the Umbra to the place where she entered. On emerging she
realizes she is in her old form, but she may have gained
many Gifts by surviving the test. She may also have lost her
sanity.

Renown and 2 Rank among the

Black Spirals

The Black Spirals have Renown and Rank. However,
theirs are not compatible with those of other Garou. The
Black Spirals do not recognize the Rank and Renown of
other Garou, nor is their own recognized by the other tribes.

Black Spirals gain Rank and Renown just as do all other
Garou. However their Renown is of different types: Power,
Cunning and Infamy. While the Black Spirals' Rank and
Renown are not recognized by the other tribes, they are
recognized by some Sabbat and all members of Pentex.

To rise in Rank, a Black Spiral Ahroun needs 50% of his
Glory to be in Power, a Philodox needs 50% in Infamy, and
a Theurge needs 50% in Cunning. A Galliard needs 30% in

18 Book of the Wyrm

both Power and Cunning. A Ragabash can have any com-
bination.

Power

The Black Spirals respect those who possess power.
They see power as a necessary tool. It is not evil or good,
itis a tool. Black Spirals respect a skilled master of power:
one who is not afraid, one who tries to gain as much power
as possible, and one who is effective in the service of his
chosen cause, namely the Wyrm (though it could be the
pack, Hive, or Pentex). Power is more than brute force, for
it represents the limitations of the individual. Renown in
Power is ultimately illusory. Power Renown is based more
on others' perceptions of an individual's power than said
individual's actual power. It must be noted, however, that
it is very hard to gain Power Renown among the Black
Spirals for long without being able to back it up.

Power Creed

I shall crush my enemies.

I shall improve myself at all expense.

I shall never refuse a challenge.

I shall use my power to the greater glory of the Wyrm.

Cunning

The Black Spirals greatly respect Cunning. It is a mark
of understanding. It represents wisdom about Garou and
homid nature. Those that are cunning are to be feared and
respected. They may not be as powerful as some, but they
effectively use what they have through surprise and trick-
ery. The Black Spirals even apply this Renown when used
against themselves, although the one seeking Renown had
better succeed or he will instead be scorned (loss of Re-
nown).

Creed of Cunning

I shall hold to my word only while it is to my benefit.
I shall know my enemies.

I shall know myself.

Ishall turn everything, every situation, to my advantage.
I shall never give foreknowledge of my actions.

Infamy

The Black Spirals represent the force of Corruption and
they respect it. They believe corruption goes hand in hand
with strength. It is the tester and toughener of power. All
who possess power, to whatever degree, are tested through

Chapter One 19


corruption. The weak fail, at the cost of their power. The
degree to which a Black Spiral has managed to spread
corruption and destruction is marked by her Infamy Re-
nown.

Infamy Creed

I shall serve the Wyrm and aids its minions.
I shall destroy the homids.

I shall destroy the Garou.

I shall rend Gaia to make way for the Wyrm.
I shall spread corruption.

The Black Spiral Litany

The Black Spirals no longer hold to the Litany of the
Garou tribes, for the Black Spirals are no longer part of
Garou society. They have thus developed theirown "Litany."
This is not the same as the Dark Litany of the Wyrm,
although some Black Spirals know it as well. The Black
Spiral Litany details the rules binding the Dancers' own
separate culture. It is the Dark Litany that is observed when
dealing with other forces of the Wyrm.

Serve the Wyrm in all its forms

This is the basis for Black Spiral unity and the tribe's
alliances with the Sabbat and Pentex. The tribe will only
support them as long as they are serving the Wyrm, not
themselves. This has led to disputes over what is good and
appropriate service, sometimes inciting inter-Hive feuds.

Beware the territory of another

This is a very important part of the Litany. It allows
Hives to remain secure that no other Hives are moving into
their area to live. This has yet to be a problem, since new
Hives that have been formed have always taken over the
caerns of other Garou. This part of the Litany is part of the
etiquette used in traveling through the Pit tunnel systems.
It allows a Black Spiral to travel through another Hive's
tunnels so long as no harm is done to them. If harm is done,
then the Hive may take full retribution.

Give safe passage to those of other Hives

This passage goes hand in hand with the previous part of
the Litany. This prevents a Hive from taking any action
against a member of another Hive who passes through its
tunnels. To do so would breach the Litany, which is taken
in deadly seriousness. If a Black Spiral is harmed in any
way when he did nothing to deserve it, he may expect
compensation.

Slay those who will not join you

The Black Spirals often try to impress their prisoners
into taking their rite of passage, allowing them to be
embraced by the Wyrm. Prisoners who balk are put to
death, The Black Spirals can do nothing with prisoners, as
they are so outnumbered; they must either permanently
remove opponents or make them allies.

Respect all who serve the Wyrm

While the Black Spirals want revenge on all other Garou,
they will accept all members of other tribes who turn their
backs on their people and join the service of the Wyrm. This
part of the Litany also allows them to work with Pentex,
even though it is a homid-operated company.

The Veil shall not be lifted

The Black Spiral Dancers understand the need for the
Veil as much as the other tribes do. In addition, it is also
important for them to hide themselves from their enemies
among the Garou. They prefer to remain unseen, allowing
them the advantage of surprise.

Do not suffer He people to tend thy

sickness in death

This is as important to the Black Spirals as it is to other
Garou. Unlike some of the other tribes, the Black Spirals
uphold this one fully. If a Garou refuses to allow herself to
be ripped apart by her fellow Garou, her Hive-mates can
take it upon themselves to kill her anyway, even if she tries
to resist.

The leader may be challenged at any time
in peace

This is an important holdover from the Litany of all the
tribes. This is because the system of pack and Hive gover-
nance is the same for the Black Spirals as pack and sept

20 Book of the Wyrm


governance for the other tribes. It has been an effective
system for centuries.

ole leader shall not be challenged in time
war

The Black Spirals have maintained this for the same
reason they have maintained the previous part of the Litany.
However, the circumstances which constitute "war" or
"peace" are never very clear since the Black Spirals are
almost always involved in some sort of conflict. Usually,
challenges to leaders can be made any time there is not an
actual battle being fought or getting ready to be fought.

ye shall take no action that causes a Pit to
vlol

This is a highly important part of the Black Spirals'
Litany. The Pit is the only place where they are safe from
their enemies. Because of this, they have managed to
maintain the secrecy of their tunnel systems. If anyone
other than a Black Spiral intrudes into a Pit, that one is
hunted until dead. Not even prisoners of the Black Spirals
are ever taken into their Pits, and no word is ever spoken
about a Pit when outside the Pit itself.

Black Spiral Kinfolk

Despite what most think, the Black Spirals do maintain
aconnection to their Kinfolk. However, most Kinfolk help
them only out of fear or lust for power. Black Spirals
carefully search out Kinfolk, making sure to select only
those they can carefully watch over many generations. For
this reason, they tend to choose people from uneducated,
backwater areas, places few residents ever leave.

They also choose people who have skeletons in their
closets with which the Black Spirals can ultimately black-
mail them, to gain their outright aid and services. They are
very wary of their Kinfolk's free will, however, and try to
keep their breeding limited, even within the family if
possible. Thus, many of their homid breeds will be from
incestuous relations, and are often born deformed.

The wolves with which they breed are usually scape-
goats kicked out of their tribes. The Black Spirals capture
them, keep themas breeding stock, and then slaughter them
when their usefulness is ended. Many caged wolves be-
come the victims of Black Spiral rapes, for they have
nowhere to run.

The Pentex Connection

In the 1940s, the Black Spirals, on advice from their
Wyrms, sought out the company called Pentex and offered
to prove their worth to it. This they did. They brought with
them the ears of 40 slain Garou that had been disrupting
Pentex mining operations in Pennsylvania.

Pentex realized that Garou servants of the Wyrm were
very desirable as team players, so the corporation offered
a number of positions in the company to the Black Spiral

Chapter One

Dancers who were interested. Many Black Spirals accepted
the offer, seeing it as a chance to further their own personal
power and an opportunity for greater revenge against the
other Garou.

Many Black Spiral Dancers fill the ranks of today's
Pentex. Even those that are not on the company's payroll
are usually willing to help the company if it is in the best
interest of their Hive. However, there are a few Hives that
will not aid the company for any reason, seeing all homids
as lesser creatures unworthy of assistance.

The Black Spirals that work for the company are given
many opportunities for combat in service to the Wyrm.
They also receive sizable salaries, allowing them to enjoy
all the conveniences of modern life, especially those prod-
ucts that are tainted by Pentex. These Garou often lack a
strong cultural tie to a Hive. They tend to go and do
whatever the company wishes, but many are also interested
in the success of their tribe and work toward revenge
against the other Garou through the company.

The Black Spirals are involved in almost all Pentex
activities. The company has a strong need for them; it
makes sure the Wyrm-warped Garou are well provided for.

The Black Spiral Dancers have proven their value through
the creation of Wyrm-tainted and Wyrm-infested products.
Without the Black Spirals, Pentex would not be able to
produce them. The Garou provide the company with Tainters
and Infestors, the machines that are used to place the touch
of the Wyrm on the company's products. The Black Spiral
Theurges have been especially helpful in this area.

The Black Spirals also provide Pentex with a large
number of fetishes. Pentex provides the rare components
needed for their creation, but it is the job of the Black
Spirals to turn them into supernatural items. These fetishes
have proven especially useful in dealing with supernatural
threats, specifically the Garou and the other shapeshifters.

The Black Spirals also help Pentex understand the nature
of the Garou spiritualism. They teach them of their beliefs
concerning the Triat, the Umbra, the various spirits, and
specifically the Wyrm. The Black Spirals do not reveal too
much, however, and even outright lie concerning them-
selves and other things, fearing that such knowledge might
one day be used against the tribe.

The relationship between the company and the tribe has
been a good one so far. Both are striving to destroy the
environment, and especially to destroy the Garou.

The Sabbat Connection

The Sabbat was first encountered by the Black Spiral
Dancers in Europe in the early 1700s. The Sabbat managed
to defeat several Hives of the Black Spirals, hoping to clear
an area in Sweden of all potential threats so the Sabbat
packs could have some sanctuary from the Camarilla. The
Black Spirals realized that the vampires of the Sabbat,
unlike many other Leeches, were in league with the Wyrm
(even though the Sabbat did not realize this). The Black

21


Spirals were able to come to peace with the Leeches and
since that time there has always been some connection to
the Sabbat.

When the Black Spirals came to the New World, they
maintained their contact with the sect through the Sabbat's
Gangrel. The Gangrel antitribu were willing to travel with
Black Spirals, especially through the territories of other
Garou. This enabled the vampires to be protected during
the day and it allowed the Black Spirals to have access to
powers unlike any possessed by Garou.

The Sabbat never really broke its ties to the Black
Spirals, but the relationship waxed and waned over the
decades. Today, the Sabbat is beginning to strengthen its
ties to these Garou, providing them with information,
occasional combat support, and safe passage through their
cities.

Other Allies of the
Black Spirals

The Black Spirals have few other allies. However, they
have made some pacts with certain groups that might prove
useful in the future. They seldom call upon them for aid, but
they can if there is a strong enough need to do so.

Circle of Red — This is a society of mages. Little is
known about the society other than that it has been con-
tracted by Pentex and by some Black Spirals to handle
certain difficult assassinations.

Unseelie Faeries — While few faeries like the Wyrm,
some Black Spirals can claim kinship with members of the
fey. They have often set up alliances through their under-
ground networks. The Black Spirals sometimes trade fetishes
to the faeries in exchange for magic or information. It is
doubtful the faeries would help these warped Garou in
battle, but they might be willing to protect the tunnels.

Perceptions

The Black Spirals have certain preconceptions concern-
ing their allies and enemies. Their allies and enemies have
certain ideas concerning them as well. The following will
provide the basis of what they believe to be the truth.

Pentex

The Black Spirals believe Pentex to be a useful servant
of the Wyrm. However, they fear that the company may
grow too strong and not need them any longer, or possibly
even turn against them. Also, despite the fact that the
company is manipulated by the Wyrm, itis still operated by
homids, and homids are weak.

Pentex views the Black Spirals as useful tools, but ones
that should be destroyed when the time comes. They can
only end up getting in the way of the "new and better world"
the company wishes to build.

Sabbat

The Black Spirals see the Sabbat as a servant of the
Wyrm even though the sect does not see this itself. The
Sabbat can be too manipulative and is not dependable or
trustworthy. The Black Spirals realize the Sabbat is only
willing to aid them if it is to the sect's advantage, and they
wonder why the Sabbat has been so generous to them lately.
Tt must want something.

The Sabbat sees the Black Spirals as stupid fanatics, but
useful pawns. All it takes is a little gift here and another one
there and they will do what you ask, especially if you tell
them you need it done for "the good of the Wyrm."

Garou

The Black Spirals see the other Garou as morons tricked
by Gaia and the Wyld into protecting its overabundant
creation. The Garou do not see that they are causing even
more pain by not allowing the Wyrm its just reign. The
Garou must be killed.

The Garou see the Black Spirals as traitors. They gave in
to the corruption of the Wyrm, finding pleasure through the
impetus of destruction. They accept insanity as if it were
some kind of gift. They are beyond redemption and are the
shame of all Garou. They must be destroyed.

Kinfolk

The Black Spirals see their Kinfolk as useful connec-
tions to the surface world. While their Kinfolk do not like
them, they at least meet the arrangements of their bargain
with the Black Spirals. They are the only homids on whom
the Black Spirals can truly trust and depend. The Kinfolk
may not like their Garou cousins, but they still serve them.

The Kinfolk of the Black Spirals see them as savage
murderers. The Black Spirals are dangerous. They are to be
feared because they may one day turn against their kin.
They have been known to turn on their own kind before.
The Kinfolk meet the arrangements that were reached
between themselves and the Black Spirals, but they do not
do this out of loyalty or love.

Che Warring
of the Tribes

Thou thyself hast eaten wolves' meat and murdered thy
brother. Thou hast often sucked wounds with cold mouth
and slunk, loathsome to all men, into the dens of wild
beasts.

— Vélsunga Saga

Revenge has been long in coming for the Black Spiral
Dancers. They have yet to destroy all the other Garou as
they swore they would do, but they are still dedicated to this
purpose. All the other tribes have likewise sworn to destroy
the blasphemous tribe, but they too have yet to succeed.
How long will the war rage before one side or the other is
destroyed?

22 Book of the Wyrm


The Black Spiral Dancers have had many successes in
the war. They have succeeded in impressing a number of
Garou into the service of the Wyrm. They have succeeded
in killing a great many more. The Black Spirals hate the
other tribes. They do not follow the Litany of the other
tribes. They do not accept the Garou beliefs of glory, honor
and wisdom. There is only revenge.

Despite the growing power of the Black Spirals, the
Garou of the other tribes have had some success in their
battles against them. They have sealed off a number of Pits
and destroyed entire Hives. They have sought out the Black
Spirals' Kinfolk and turned them against the Wyrm tribe.
They have captured their young before they could be
brought into the tribe of the Wyrm. Most importantly, they
have forced the Black Spirals to live perpetually under-
ground, where they are no longer a constant threat to the
surface world.

Battle Tactics of the Black
Spirals

The Black Spiral Dancers rely on a number of tactics to
gain the advantage over their enemies. Because they serve
the Wyrm they have no need for honorable reputations
among the other tribes, so they will use whatever means are
necessary to get the job done.

They rely upon surprise more than anything else. They
always attack when they are least expected. They prefer
ambushes, trapping their opponents where they cannot get
away and then mowing them down with silver bullets.

They also prefer to use Banes when they face opponents
of greater numbers or power. First they throw the Banes at
them, usually at the weakest members of the enemy, to
reduce the size of the threat. Then they move in themselves
as soon as their foes have exhausted themselves against the
Banes. While their opponents are fatigued, the Black Spi-
rals are fresh and ready.

When necessary, especially in areas with which they are
not familiar, they will call upon Pentex to send in a First
Team to lay the area low with their powers and weapons. If
these teams are not available, they can usually acquire
weapons from Pentex to do the job themselves.

In the way of weapons, the Black Spirals prefer to use
claws or Klaives. Many of them have taken a liking to
mustard gas and high explosives. They will plant bombs
near caerns, or fire in a few explosives if they cannot. When
it comes to all-out fighting, the more modern-minded
Black Spirals will use almost any type of small arms,
though many prefer automatic shotguns with silver buck-
shot or slugs.

In all cases, the Black Spirals will try to put the Garou in
the worst possible situation, and sometimes the battle will
be half over before the Garou even see the Black Spirals
coming over the hill.

Chapter One

Current Activities

The Black Spiral Dancers are involved in a number of
schemes to destroy the environment by aiding Pentex. The
Black Spirals see their role clearly. They believe that they
must destroy all the Garou, not just for revenge, but so the
Wyrm can achieve dominance over Gaia. When Gaia's
defenders no longer hinder them, the world shall be theirs
to play with.

The Black Spirals that are not involved with Pentex are
always busy taking matters into their own hands. They use
impressment to gain new members when the opportunity
presents itself. They also try to gain the support of other
shapeshifters to fight the Garou, though this sometimes
backfires. The ones they cannot assimilate they murder.
They delight in taking over the caerns of the other Garou
and defiling them to such a degree that they prove unusable
by others.

The Black Spirals are also hard at work building more
tunnels, thus giving them access to more and more places
all over the world. They keep this a secret, since it is a major
strategic element of their war against the other tribes.

aneers All Over the World

The Black Spiral Dancers were originally from Scot-
land, but when the European explorers set out across the
seas, the Black Spirals soon followed. Desiring the chance
to bring corruption to the entire planet, the tribe set out to
put its Pits all over the world.

United States — The Black Spiral Dancers have firmly
established themselves in America. They have built many
Pits and intricate tunnel systems all over the land. They are
especially numerous along the East Coast, and they are
especially strong in West Virginia, Arkansas, Louisiana
and Texas.

Canada — They have dug their Pits all over Canada, but
they are especially involved in Newfoundland, Quebec and
Ontario. Canada, however, has proven much harder to
settle. The Wendigos are stronger in the far north, and are
not easy to corrupt.

Mexico — This country is swarming with Black Spiral
Dancers. The Wyrm-warped Garou account for almost a
quarter of the Garou population in Mexico. They work very
hard to destroy the caerns and places of power of all the
shapeshifters in the country. They have also discovered
that below the surface world of Mexico are some of the
most powerful Wyrm-creatures they have ever encoun-
tered.

South America — A war rages along the Amazon
between the forces of the Wyrm, composed of Black
Spirals and Pentex, and the tribes of the Garou. A third
force, the werejaguars, combats both sides, trying to throw
all shapechangers and Wyrm infestation from their territo-
ries. Nonetheless, Black Spirals have burrowed their tunnels
under the entire continent.

23


Europe — The Black Spirals have managed to maintain
a number of Pits across Europe, especially in the Balkans.
Europe is a hotbed of activity and here the Black Spirals can
move about unhindered by their enemies. While the Black
Spirals occasionally skirmish with the Black Forest Get of
Fenris, they have mainly been engaged in a transcontinen-
tal fight against the Green Knights, the environmental
terrorists who are trying to stop natural destruction.

Russia — The Black Spirals have been able to cement a
tentative alliance with an immensely powerful Cainite, the
dread Baba Yaga. Beyond this, little is known of their
activities in this vast expanse of tundra.

Africa — While the Black Spirals have attempted to
establish Pits in Africa, they have had little success. They
have met with much resistance by the Red Talons, who
seem to be numerous here. They have had many run-ins
with Silent Striders in Egypt, although they have managed
to maintain a Hive here. They have successfully created a
number of Hives in South Africa, due to the interest of the
Wyrm in this area.

Japan — Japan has become a major power base for
Pentex. The Black Spirals trying to migrate here have had
some run-ins with the Shadow Lords and Glass Walkers,
but they have yet to meet with any organized resistance by
any Japanese shapeshifters. They know some exist, but
they have been unable to capture or kill any of them. The
Black Spirals may join forces with the Sabbat to establish
a power base, despite the wishes of the Gaki. It remains to
be seen if this will happen. It is wondered what Pentex will
do if this happens since all three parties involved are the
company's allies.

Asia — The rest of Asia has been left unexplored by all
the Black Spirals with the exception of those who work
directly for Pentex. What is happening on the continent
remains a mystery, but many important managers of Pentex
have recently become interested in Asia.

Australia — The Black Spiral Dancers are strong in
Australia, and are causing the other Garou tribes much
trouble. Nonetheless, there are strange wails across the
Outback night that even they fear.

Using Black Spiral
(Daneers in a Chronide

Every hero needs an enemy. The Black Spirals make
perfect enemies for the Garou. They are almost exactly like
them — a view through the mirror darkly. Presenting the
Black Spirals to the characters should be made very inter-
esting. Point out the similarities as well as the differences
between the characters and their opponents. Help them to
realize that their enemies are Garou, not always mindless
monsters.

The Black Spirals should always be unpredictable. Be-
cause they are mostly metis and they get their gifts from the
‘Wyrm, they are very unusual. This means you can throw
many surprises at your players' characters, and they will
have to think fast. How about a Black Spiral who is immune
to silver, one that can levitate, one with super-high-tech
weapons and armor, or one that can force Banes to manifest
themselves physically to fight and protect them? The only
limits to the wildness and weirdness are the ones you
impose. Feel free to make them as normal or as strange as
you want them to be.

You can also tell stories involving Black Spiral Pits. Any
Garou foolhardy enough to explore the tunnels of the Black
Spirals will be in store for great peril and adventure. This
can be an exciting way to put a little "dungeon-crawling"
back into your game while making it have some purpose
and sense of meaning, which many dungeon adventures
lack.

You might consider story ideas in which the players'
characters and their sept are under attack by Black Spirals
seeking to turn their caern into a Pit for the Wyrm. Another
idea would be to have a pack of Black Spirals become rivals
or enemies of the pack. You could have Black Spirals
involved in all kinds of schemes into which the pack
stumble and become involved.

Black Spirals make wonderful enemies because what-
ever the Garou can do, they can (for the most part) do too.
This makes it easy to match the characters with villains that
are their equals in nearly every respect.

Black Spiral Weaknesses

You common cry of curs! whose breath I hate

As reek o' the rotten fens, whose loves I prize

As the dead carcasses of unburied men

That do corrupt my air, — I banish you.

— Shakespeare, Coriolanus

While the Black Spiral Dancers may appear to have
certain advantages none of the other Garou possess —i.e.,
weaponry, financial backing and unusual allies — the
Black Spiral Dancers have a number of weaknesses. They
are in many ways the weakest of all the Garou tribes.

The Black Spirals are insane, for one thing. They have
turned against what they once served and accepted a new
master, one that gave them new powers but took away their
sanity in return. While not all Black Spirals are completely
insane, many of them do possess Derangements. Some are
so insane that they try anything regardless of the danger
involved, so they often end up getting killed doing some-
thing foolish.

The Black Spirals have become unaccustomed to life in
the wilderness. Few members of the tribe are sufficiently

24 Book of the Wyrm


skilled to survive on the surface, other than in the cities.
This is why they use underground tunnels to travel when-
ever possible.

The Black Spirals are easy to spot. Because they are the
Garou of the Wyrm, they can be identified through the use
of Sense Wyrm. This sometimes gives them away when
they are trying to get by unnoticed.

Because the Black Spirals are only one-tenth of the total
Garou in existence, which means they are greatly outnum-
bered, they would be in grave danger from a mass Garou
attack. If the other Garou stood united against them, the
Dancers would surely fall.

Derangements: the Kiss of the Wyrm

Many Black Spirals return from their harrowing rites of
passage with mental Derangements. Below are some ex-
amples of common Black Spiral Derangements. Feel free to
create your own. Madness comes in many forms.

Amnesia: You remember nothing of your life before your
first Dance of the Black Spiral. This is considered to be a
blessing by Pseulak, the Urge Wyrm of Lies. Unfortunately,
this affects you at random times. Sometimes you can't
remember what you did yesterday.

Berserker: You are prone to just freaking out and losing
it, Rage roll difficulties are -2. You are touched by Beast-of-
War.

Choromania: You just can't stop dancing. You turn
everything you do into a spontaneous dance (you are not
necessarily good at it though).

Delusions of Grandeur: You believe you are "chosen"
by the Wyrm, and only you can perform the deeds necessary
for its ultimate conquest. Why won't others recognize this?
You are perverted by Mahsstrac, the Urge Wyrm of Power.

Habromania: You have a constant morbid gaiety which
even other Black Spirals may find sick. You don't necessar-
ily crack jokes about it, but you do giggle at the most perverse
times.

Hallucinations: You were so shocked by the weird real-
ity of the Wyrm that your very perceptions now reverberate
with its meaningless madness. You will often see and hear
things which are not really there. If these things sometimes
have actual significance, you will be hailed by fellow Black
Spirals as blessed by the Primal Wyrm.

Homicidal: You want to kill, kill, kill and kill again. You
are tainted by Beast-of-War, the Calamity Wyrm.

Insecure: You are never sure where you stand with your
pack, Hive, tribe or even yourself. Insecure Black Spirals
usually have very little Willpower.

Klazomania: You have a constant compulsion to shout
rather than speak normally. This will drive those around you
crazy, unless you have the muscle to back it up.

Manic: Everything you do, you do to the hilt and with
obsessive energy, which sometimes causes you to burn out
with exhaustion before you want to.

Masochism: You love it when pain is inflicted on you.
You are the child of Karnala, the Urge Wyrm of Desire.

Misomania: You hate everything. You are especially
touched by Abhorra, the Urge Wyrm of Hate.

Multiple Personalities: You have split personalities,
many different "beings" inside you who seek expression.
Sometimes you can control which one comes to the fore, but
most times you cannot. Be creative — come up with names
and backgrounds for each personality. It is common for a
Black Spiral with this Derangement to have a personality for
each Auspice.

Obsession: You fixated on something while Over There,
and you cannot forget it. Every moment, it swims into your
consciousness. You must pursue it until it ceases to haunt
you...

Overcompensation: You recognized a weakness during
your rite and barely survived. You have to hide it — itis your
Achilles' Heel. You thus distract others from noticing by
drawing their attention to another characteristic of yours,
such as bullying, cleverness or stupidity.

Paranoia: You know that something tried to get you Over
There, and it will be back. You don't know what it was, and
you know it has allies — but who? You are the puppet of
Sykora, the Urge Wyrm of Paranoia.

Phagomania: You want food, all the time, even when you
are not hungry. You have been touched by Eater-of-Souls,
the Consuming Wyrm. All Wits rolls to avoid eating one's
downed foes (see Werewolf, page 198) are at +2 difficulty,
making botches more likely. Some Black Spirals have a
further Derangement whereby they only eat rotten meat.

Phobias: You greatly fear one thing. But what? It could
be: fear of daylight, fear of nature, fear of technology, fear of
homids, fear of wolves, fear of snakes, fear of closed spaces
(tunnels), fear of the dark, fear of shapeshifting, etc. Be
creative. You are the plaything of Foebok, the Urge Wyrm of
Fear.

Sadism: You love to inflict pain onto others. This is your
connection to Angii, the Urge Wyrm of Cruelty.

Chapter One

Book of the Wyrm


It doesn't matter if they are really picking up a hell of a
lot of oil...It makes a real bad impression with the public
without any activity going on.

— Don Cornett, now Exxon's Chief of Public
Relations, in a conversation with Alyeska Pipeline Service
Co., concerning the Valdez oil spill cleanup efforts.

Can't they just fill it with water, drive around the block

and dump it in the sewer.

— Alyeska official, debating the problem of a
truck holding toxic dispersant residue left at Anchorage

International Airport.

Among the earthly servitors of the Wyrm, few are as
pervasive, or as powerful, asthe Pentex corporation. Pentex
stands for the corruption of human ideals, the perversion of.
the once-lofty goals of freedom and enterprise. Pentex \is|a
corporate nightmare, freely using "the system" to|corrupt
the world, and perfectly capable of manipulating whatever
laws it can toward its own ends. If zoning laws prevent
toxic dumping in certain neighborhoods. .:well, the laws
simply must change, through highly paid lobbyists who
can't be traced back to Pentex,

Pentex is a corporate octopus. Its tentacles spread in all
directions and wrap around nearly every conceivable mar-
ket share, while the bloated body remains hidden in a cloud
of black ink and paperwork.

Chapter Two

The History. of Pentex

The company calledPentexoriginated from an oil refin-
ery owned by-a Mr. Jeremiah Lassater. In 1865, realizing
there was a fortune\to be) made, Lassater purchased the
refinery and broke into the oil business.

Following_the example set by John D. Rockefeller,
Jeremiah Lassater and his partners, incorporated the com-
pany into Premium Oil. The company was the chief rival to
Standard Oil, and one of the few to withstand the forced
buyouts by Standard Oil. Eventually Premium was forced
to compete wWithyStandard for control of the pipelines.
Premium prevented a monopoly by Standard and instead
Shared in a joint stranglehold on the petroleum industry.

27

In 1892, while searching for a new drill site, workers for
the company uncovered a servitor of the Wyrm that had
beet led off by the Uktena tribe many centuries before.
A series of accidents took place at the site, eventually
drawing Lassater, a hands-on businessman. He arrived to
instill fear in his employees and to determine why they
were wasting his money.

While there, he began to have nightmares which drove
him to sleepwalking. He often awoke to find himself at the
entrance to the newly bored tunnel. Lassater decided to find
out what the hell was going on, and took a crew with him
into the tunnel to see what was down there. The events
which followed were later described as a cave-in which
killed all but Lassater. Far from the truth.

Lassater and his crew came face to face with a Wyrm
creature, awake but still trapped in the earth by powerful
wards. The creature mentally assaulted Lassater, attempt-
ing possession. But Lassater was too strong-willed. The
psychic combat was killing him, however, and he cried out
tothe Wyrm-thing, begging to make a deal, a bargain for his
life. A pact was struck and Lassater was spared. The Wyrm-
thing, however, would now direct the company.

The Wyrm controlled the company through Lassater for
many years until Premium grew to such a size that the old
man could no longer effectively oversee it. Lassater com-
mitted suicide after contracting syphilis a few months later.
His son took over, but proved to be a poor businessman. He
was killed in a freak boating accident and a new company
president was chosen.

By 1913, the Wyrm was operating through the Board of
Directors. As other facets of the Wyrm realized the power
this company possessed, and its determination to serve the
Wyrm, they attempted to gain power in the company. Some
Wyrms were successful, but some were not. Four facets of
the Wyrm formed an alliance to force the original Wyrm to
accept them as equal partners. The first Wyrm was forced
to accept the other Wyrms, since it could not stand against
them by itself. Together the Wyrms controlled the com-
pany through their representatives on the Board of Directors.
This alliance of five Wyrms prompted the company to
change its name, as a snake sheds its skin. Premium Oil was
now Pentex Incorporated.

In 1917, Fulton D. Clark, president of Pentex at the time,
was approached by the Black Spiral Dancer tribe. The
Black Spirals offered a chance for increased riches if the
company was willing to forge an alliance. The Wyrms of
the company realized the Black Spiral Dancers had great
power and could be useful tools. The Dancers' proposal
was accepted and they were granted positions within the
company.

In 1947, Pentex enlisted the aid of the Sabbat and made
the sect somewhat of a partner by allowing Harold Zettler,

a Sabbat priscus (an important elder), to become one of the
Pentex Board of Directors.

Since this time, the company has become a corporate
giant. Its financial power, political influence, and super-
natural strength all make it the most effective force of the
Wyrm among the homids.

The Source of Power

And all across America

The poison fires glow

And in the blood of our procreation

Annihilation grows.

— Swans, "God Loves America"

Why does Pentex have it so easy? Where does it get the
money and power to accomplish its goals? The answer is
simple: the Wyrm. Unlike more mundane organizations,
Pentex has the backing of several powerful manifestations
of the force of corruption. They provide Pentex with all the
raw materials, but it is up to the human servants to use them
in service to the Wyrm, effectively creating for the sole
purpose of destroying.

Pentex gets its income from the sale of its products. It has
captured a high portion of the market share in many
different markets by providing products at cheap enough
prices to be had by all. Most choose the products, not only
for the low prices, but also because they have been pro-
grammed to do so through subliminal messages. The money
Pentex earns is only a tool, however, used to achieve what
it truly desires. Destruction.

Pentex turns the money into a means of increasing the
destruction by purchasing companies that are already ser-
vants (albeit unwitting ones) of the Wyrm. A great deal of
money is used to create massive amounts of advertising and
television programming featuring subliminal messages.

The money is also used to gain political power. Political
power is very important to Pentex. Without the support and
approval of the various governments with which the com-
pany must deal on a daily basis, all would be lost. That is
why Pentex relies heavily on bribes, blackmail and assas-
sination in order to get that support.

The third source is a power most companies do not have:
supernatural power. The Wyrm provides Pentex with Banes,
werewolves, vampires, strangely altered humans, and
psychics in order to carry out its mission of destruction.
This makes Pentex possibly the most diverse supernatural
threat on earth.

Financial power. Political power. Supernatural power.
Without each of these three sources of power Pentex would
close its doors. It takes all three to make Pentex such a
powerful tool of destruction.

Book of the Wyrm

The Goals of the Company

If the principle were to prevail of acommon law being in
force in the United States...it would become the most
corrupt government on the earth.

— President Thomas Jefferson

The goal of Pentex is to create a "new and better world."
To achieve this, the end justifies the means. The key word
here is "new." Pentex believes that humans must continue
on the road of evolution through technology. Today, hu-
mans are fleshy creatures bound to the earth, little more
than the dirt farmers of centuries past; they are still subject
to disease, uncontrollable weather, heat, cold, hunger and
so on. Humankind is still essentially an animal.

Pentex believes that humans must take a step beyond
nature and create a brave new world of their own design.
But to do so, they must first destroy the world, murder the
clinging, earthly Gaia, who keeps humans from their self-
made destiny.

The new world would be one where humans, though still
composed of flesh, would have mastery over it. They would
be able to control their forms, remain ageless, end starva-
tion, and be immune to disease. They would have all the
technologies existing now, but would also live in a per-
fectly controlled environment in which they would dominate
the planet, instead of being dominated by it.

The only way to make this dream come true is to make
the world so unsalvagable, so unfit for life as humanity
knows it, that the entire human race would have to accept
the "new and better world." The world Pentex has in store
for humankind.

What's in it for Pentex? Power. Pentex will be the
driving and controlling force of change. Once the new
world is established, Pentex will be its master. This New
World Order will call for an end to countries, governments
and even families. The flag of Pentex will be flown over the
entire planet.

This basic goal is the central theme underlying the
master plan of this sinister company. Aptly enough, the
Pentex master plan is called the Omega Plan.

Stage One: Defilement Phase

This is the stage of the plan currently in effect. In
carrying out this stage, Pentex is trying its best to bring
about the total destruction of the environment. In this it has
the aid of the Wyrm and its minions. The company is also
trying to break the free will and independent thought of the
common people. Only by doing so can they be receptive to
Stage Two.

Stage Two: Reconstruction Phase

After Stage One has done so much irreversible damage
to the planet that it cannot be saved, Pentex will initiate
Stage Two. During this stage, Pentex will step to the front
with its name in lights and on the tongues of every person

Peter Culliford

in the world. Pentex will offer a new way to survive on a
swiftly dying planet. Of course, this will cost a great deal,
but a savior from destruction will be badly needed.

Stage Three: Domination Phase

By this stage, Pentex will have grown to be the largest
and richest organization in the world, and will control the
lives of the majority of the planet's population. Pentex will
then begin to erode the power bases of the various countries
it has helped. The countries will be unable to do much to
stop this in a time of economic and social adversity. While
revolution may be the primary means of uniting the people
under Pentex's rule, it is possible it could be achieved
through more subtle means.

Despite how ridiculous the Omega Plan may seem, the
leaders of Pentex believe that it can be completed. And,
much to the chagrin of the Garou, they are succeeding in
their first stage ahead of schedule. Perhaps the Apocalypse
is not that far away after all?

The Board of Directors

They are corrupt, and become abominable in their

doings: there is none that doeth good, no not one.
—Prayer Book

The Pentex holding company is operated differently
from most businesses. The basic management structure of
Pentex, however, is the same as it is for almost every
corporation. The company is controlled by a Board of
Directors.

Unlike the boards of directors of other companies, Pentex
is controlled by humans who are in the direct service of the

Chapter Two 29

Wyrm. While a vast number of other corporations serve the
Wyrm, they do so unknowingly, out of human greed. Every
action performed by Pentex's Board of Directors is taken
only to strengthen the Wyrm.

Through the Pentex Board of Directors, the Wyrm
initiates its black plan to ruin Gaia. Unfortunately for the
Wyrm, more than one manifestation of itself is trying to
direct the company; this often puts one facet of the Wyrm
in conflict with another. Each human on the Board of
Directors has his own idea of how and what to strive for in
service to the dark power. While this makes for intense,
drawn-out board meetings, it seldom interferes with the
destruction of the environment. Even with personal interest
and human grudges, each board member is willing to
compromise as long as the ultimate end is achieved.

The Board of Directors holds its meetings in the Pentex
central headquarters and in the various branch headquar-
ters. Sitting in darkened, smoke-filled rooms, these powerful
servants of darkness make decisions affecting countless
fellow creatures. The meetings often include profit reports,
marketing reports and other standard business activities,
but they also include reports on environmental damage and
reports from lesser spirits which serve the Wyrm. The
Board looks at the overall effectiveness and efficiency of
its policy in terms of the negative effects on humanity and
the destruction of Gaia.

The Board constantly travels (being hands-on manage-
ment), making sure as much damage is being done as the
company can get away with (and it can get away with a
great deal). The Board even holds some of its meetings on
company jets traveling from one location to another. This
is rare, however, for each board member fears being in such
a vulnerable position with all the other board members
around,

As with most major corporations, the Pentex Board of
Directors is composed only of older men. Each of the board
members shares a special relationship to the Wyrm. Each
serves a particular facet of it and it rewards each man for his
service; these rewards range from the subtle to the gro-
tesque. One trait all the board members share is their
inhumanity. They have become rich and powerful off the
rape of the planet, and are traitors to the human race. The
following are descriptions of each Pentex board member:

Peter Culliford

Peter Culliford is the Chairman of the Board. He appears
to be aman in his 60s, but in reality he is over 400 years old.
He was born the second surviving son of a poor knight, and
entered the service of the medieval Church. He first en-
countered his master, the Defiler Wyrm, during an exorcism.
The Wyrm felt his potential for corruption and quickly
turned the young mortal into its hand in the material world.
He is very much a child of the Wyrm, for his service is
fanatical. In all his efforts he tries to bring misery and
despair to the entire population of the planet. He has been
very successful, but he has found it necessary to exist ona

diet of human brains in order to stay alive. It is a terrible
price the Wyrm has imposed, but it is a price that has helped
to harden this man to anything good in life.

Danforth Stern

Stern is an average-looking man in his late 40s. He was
chosen by the Wyrm during the 1970s. Stern was the owner
of a small chemical manufacturing company. His callous
disregard for the environment, his greed and ambition are
what attracted the Wyrm to the young man. Stern believes
he is in the service of a being from outer space. He believes
that all spirits are lesser members of the same alien race
which he now serves. Stern believes that Earth is being
invaded and Pentex's goals are to weaken Earth's resis-
tance to attack. He is confident his reward will be grand
once the invasion has been completed.

Stern has demonstrated considerable pyrokinetic pow-
ers. He has taken a keen interest in video games, toys and
music, and believes the next generation must be turned into
unthinking drones. He has also recently become very
private, showing himself only at company board meetings.

Benjamin Rushing

A former professor at a major university, Rushing is a
very distinguished Englishman nearing age 60. His family
has been in the service of the Wyrm for centuries. He was
groomed at an early age for an extended life of working to
achieve the Wyrm's goals. Rushing is possibly the most
genial, shrewd and educated of all the board members. He
takes particular interest in the overall coordination of
Pentex's various holdings to form a unified spectrum of
destruction. The Urge Wyrm of Lies has given him a
number of special gifts; most center around his persuasive

Danforth Stern

30 Book of the Wyrm

ability, but it is rumored that he also has the ability to read
minds. Rushing is known to be a pedophile by the other
board members, who take little interest in such things.
What they do not know is that Rushing seeks to be the
Chairman of the Board.

Frederick Hromrich

A former mass murderer, this 60ish Swiss gentleman
comes from one of the wealthiest families in the world. His
family has been in the service of the Wyrm since the Middle
Ages, helping to spread corruption and death. Frederick
Kromrich fanatically serves Beast-of-War, the aspect of
the Wyrm focused on destruction. He believes that he is a
reincarnation of one of his ancestors and that to free himself
from the chains of mortal existence, he must cause destruc-
tion ona heretofore unparalleled scale. He strongly supports
all activities that endanger Garou, seeing the werewolves
as the company's greatest threat. He is closely supported by
the Black Spiral Dancers in these activities. Kromrich
possesses moderate psychic abilities, which were activated
by the Wyrm. Kromrich is often involved with the Pentex
Acquisition branch and the Odyssey Project.

Elliot Meiche

Meiche is a disgusting man in his late 50s; he packs
nearly 450 pounds ona5'3" frame. He is crude but cunning.
Meiche entered the service of the Wyrm in the 1960s. He
was a co-owner of a paper mill. His lack of morals even
stretched to ordering the deaths of people who got in the
way of his profit margin. Meiche attracted Eater-of-Souls,
the Consuming Wyrm, which promised him power beyond
his comprehension if he would direct his cunning and
energy to the goals of the Wyrm. Meiche is a strong
supporter of deforestation since it was his original area of
occupation. He has also taken an interest in Wyrm-tainted
fast food and preservatives.

Hiro Yamazaki

Yamazaki was the first non-white man to be appointed
to the Board of Directors. Discovered by the Urge Wyrm of
Desire, Yamazaki was a prosperous businessman in his late
60s who dealt in black market exotics, such as specimens
of endangered species, designer drugs, and military equip-
ment, especially computers and software. Yamazaki was a
major leader in the Yakuza, with connections to the Gaki
(Oriental vampires), and he still holds much influence over
all that goes on in Japan. Yamazaki is a practitioner of
various styles of karate, and the Wyrm has awarded him a
number of gifts, making him a formidable fighter few
opponents could physically defeat.

Harold Zettler

Zettler is a fifth generation Malkavian antitribu vampire
of the Sabbat, among other things. He has been a merce-
nary, a doctor, a Nazi officer, and a skilled Thaumaturgist
during his long unlife. Zettler is over 300 years old. He has
been in the direct service of the Wyrm for the last 60 years.

The Urge Wyrm of Cruelty found Zettler to be a capable
assistant in the physical world. His vampiric nature only
added to his value. Zettler has been tainted by the Wyrm
since his creation. He had always placed little value on life,
but as a vampire he derived a twisted pleasure from the
sufferings of others. Now Zettler is focused on all aspects
of corruption that affect mankind, and it should be noted
that his favorite "hobby" is still medical experimentation.
Zettler is a ruthless opponent, a cold killer, and a cunning
mastermind. He is perhaps the most volatile and unpredict-
able of all the board members. He also has the support of his
sect of fanatical vampires.

Donald Gauntley

Gauntley is an average-looking man in his late 80s.
However, all is not what it seems. Gauntley is not really
human; he is a Wyrm in possession of a human's body.
Gauntley, the man, died decades before. The Urge Wyrm of
Despair now controls the body. The Wyrm had used
Gauntley for decades, but as the man grew older, he seemed
to be developing a conscience. Refusing to let its influence
in the physical world slide, even for a short time, the Wyrm
cast Gauntley out of his body and took control of it. Some
of the board members know this, but none have spoken of
it. Gauntley has numerous gifts, both physical and spiritual.

Due to the fact that Gauntley is a walking corpse, he is
rarely seen in public. The Wyrm has to use energy to keep
the body going and prevent putrefaction.

James hiker

Kiker is arich South African businessman in his late 70s.
Kiker is a slightly overweight man, and completely bald.
He was a long-time supporter of his government's efforts
to suppress the people of his country. The Urge Wyrm of
Hatred was drawn to him and it gave him even more wealth
and power. Still, because of his lack of success, he eventu-
ally became disillusioned with crushing the human spirit in
South Africa and turned his interests to the United States.
He found the people more receptive to suggestion, since
they lived in what they believed to be freedom. He founded
a television network and began sending subliminal signals
which reduced the free will of those who watched and made
them less environmentally concerned. When the Pentex
Board of Directors learned of his ingenuity and evil, they
invited him to sit as a member.

Robert fllred

Allred was a Kinfolk of the Get of Fenris. He betrayed
his tribe to gain power for himself by leading many Get into
a Bane ambush. For turning traitor, Allred was given a
high-level position in Pentex, and eventually was invited to
join the Board. Allred now works to destroy the Garou. He
was chosen by the Urge Wyrm of Power to become his
servant in the physical world. The Wyrm has endowed him
with unusual gifts; some are like those of the Black Spiral
Dancers, but many remain unknown.

Chapter Two


Benjamin Rushin

The Chief Executive Officer: Adrian Newberry

The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is the person who
handles the day to day operations of the company. He
receives his orders from the Board of Directors and it is his
duty to see that they are carried out to the fullest.

Adrian Newberry is the current CEO of Pentex. He has
been with the company for over 25 years. He is corrupted
by the Wyrm, and has been for a very long time. He is a
shrewd businessman with a heart of stone. He runs the
company extremely efficiently, as he was groomed for the
position by the previous CEO, who died of heart failure
three years ago.

Newberry is a Harvard graduate. He worked with two
other major corporations before coming to Pentex. In both
companies he achieved the rank of vice-president. He is
currently 53 years old, but due to therapy he receives
through the Pentex Special Projects Division, his aging is
beginning to slow down.

Pentex Special Divisions

While each separate company has its own marketing,
accounting, research and development, human resources
and public relations divisions, among others, the Pentex
parent company has certain divisions of its own. These
oversee the entire Pentex operation by coordinating the
various companies and by looking for new ways through
which to spread the corruption of the Wyrm.

Acquisitions Division (AD)

This branch of Pentex concerns itself with keeping a
close watch on all other companies. When it finds one
involved in activities beneficial to the Wyrm (and effective
at them), this branch of Pentex moves in and purchases the
company. Pentex ownership drastically improves the de-
structive capacity of the company purchased. It also spreads
the shadow of the Wyrm further over the life of humankind.

The Acquisitions Division is composed of a wide range
of professionals, including an army of slick Ivy League
lawyers, creative and experienced accountants, smooth
public relations people, and, of course, Black Spiral Danc-
ers. This division has access to special combat groups
called First Teams. The Acquisitions Department also has
a contract with the Sabbat for additional services, but
seldom uses it except in cases where no other option
presents itself.

The Acquisitions Division is directed by the CEO. It
handles the search for new companies through both super-
natural and technological means. It handles the buyouts by
making requests for funds to the Project Coordination
Division. The Division also handles the transition period,
making it as smooth as possible, cutting down on publicity
and resistance to the change in ownership.

An important part of this division is the Pentex Informa-
tion Collection System (ICS), which is a glorified name for
spy ring. The professionals which it comprises are the best
industrial spies in the business. The ICS operates a sophis-
ticated computer system secretly tied into the systems of
government agencies around the world, as well as the
computer networks of innumerable companies. The ICS is
also closely aligned to the Pentex Public Relations Divi-
sion, but it is still under the control of the Acquisitions
Division.

Most of the Black Spiral Dancers on the Pentex payroll
work in the Acquisitions Division. This is because the
Black Spirals are sometimes needed to silence those who
would speak out against a hostile takeover. Also, some of
the companies purchased are engaged in activities involv-
ing other facets of the Wyrm. The Black Spirals are the only
ones with the spiritual expertise to bring that facet of the
Wyrm into the fold, so to speak.

The Sabbat members that sometimes work with Pentex
primarily assist in discovering any vampiric connections to
a would-be subsidiary. Sabbat-owned companies, of which
there are few, are not bought out. Camarilla companies,
however, are often taken over. This aids not only Pentex,
but the Sabbat too.

Public Relations Division (PRD)

This is the next-to-smallest division of Pentex. The PRD
makes sure Pentex does not become a household name. It
keeps a scrutinizing eye on the media and watches for spies
and employees with overwhelming consciences. The divi-

32 Book of the Wyrm


sion is also in charge of overall marketing policy for
Pentex, and the marketing Givisions of all Pentex-owned
companies are answerable to it.

This division also handles the sealing of potential leaks
within the company and all subsidiaries. This is done
through the use of the Pentex ICS, followed by the sanc-
tioning of the accused, which is handled by Black Spiral
Dancers or members of First Teams. Pentex does not
tolerate potential traitors among its employees.

The Public Relations Division also handles and coordi-
nates lobbying within all governments under which Pentex
operates. The PRD gets its funds through the Project
Coordination Division, and is answerable directly to the
Board of Directors, though the CEO has a great deal of say
in its activities.

The PRD has full access to the ICS, but does not control
the system; this falls to the Acquisitions Division. The PRD
also has full access to an advanced arsenal of technological
and spiritual weaponry.

Project Coordination Division (PCD)

Synchronizing the activities of well over 200 various
organizations is not an easy task. For this reason, the PCD
is the largest division within Pentex. Employing over 75%
of Pentex employees, this division maintains close contact
with the upper-level management of all Pentex subsidiar-
ies.

The PCD, more than any other division, demands strict
adherence to the Omega Plan (even though no one in the
PCD knows the full details of the Plan). This division
allows all the various companies owned by Pentex to work
together successfully without stepping on each other's
profit margin or market share. Through the PCD Pentex is
able to destroy the environment as fast as possible without
the risk of direct exposure to the media.

This division has a number of liaisons within each
subsidiary to make sure all operations are executed
smoothly. The members of this branch spend much of their
time troubleshooting problems from site to site, wherever
there may be resistance to the company's goals.

This division also controls all of the company's fi-
nances. All the other branches are responsible to the PCD
for their expenditures. This division also has a great deal of
authority in directing the Special Projects Division.

Special Projects Division (SPD)

The Special Projects Division is responsible for all
unusual research and development pertaining to the Omega
Plan. This branch is the smallest of all the divisions.

The SPD has made numerous unnatural advancements
in the creation of fomori, but it is also responsible for much
more. It not only develops mundane technology, but also
creates fetish technology: specially designed fetish ma-
chines that can Wyrm-infest or Wyrm-taint the various
products of each Pentex subsidiary. It also collects data and

researches psychic phenomena, and attempts to apply the
findings practically. In addition, it trains special Pentex
employees, such as fomori, Black Spiral Dancers and
vampires.

The Special Projects Division works closely with the
ICS, providing new spies, and technologically and spiritu-
ally enhancing the Pentex computer network. It also works
with the Public Relations Division, providing the division
with employees of extraordinary talents in order to deal
with "special" problems.

Within this division are a number of Black Spiral Danc-
ers and vampires, along with a few mages, psychics and
fomori who work only for this branch, acting as researchers
and trainers for other members of their kind. However, the
great majority of those employed in this branch are normal
human beings.

Project Iliad

Project Iliad is a program within the Special Projects
Division. This project is responsible for the creation and
training of fomori. The fomori are used to fill various
positions within Pentex, serving as bodyguards, spies for
the ICS, members of First Teams in the Acquisitions
Division, and assassins within the Public Relations Divi-
sion.

Project Iliad has been in the works for the last 50 years.
Ithas succeeded in producing a wide variety of fomori with
diverse gifts and talents. Project Iliad has also had a great
number of failures, producing creatures best left unseen
and to the imagination. Several underground levels within
the central headquarters, and some of the Pentex branch
offices, are filled with hundreds of these pitiful failed
experiments, living in cages like animals.

Project Iliad has recently initiated efforts to create reli-
able formulas for the manufacture of certain types of
fomori. In the past, it has been nearly impossible to dupli-
cate the same effect in every fomor created using the same
means. It appears that adjustments must be made to com-
pensate for differences in the personalities and chemical
compositions of the subjects.

Members of Project Iliad are given special treatments
which turn them into the best fomori that can be designed.
The labs have come up with a variety of new powers and
forms for the members of this program. For every success,
however, there are at least eight failures. Fortunately,
Pentex technology has advanced to a sufficient level to
enable most surviving fomori to pass as normal humans,
making it easier to use them in the field. Fomori are
expected to serve for life, which is often not very long,
especially if they end up on First Teams, which are often
slaughtered by enraged Garou. The fomori gain great
supernatural power, but the price is a normal life. Few of
them are able to see their families again. Most live in
company-owned dormitories.

Those who find it impossible to live normal lives dedi-
cate all their time and energy to the company. Some have

Chapter Two 33


begun to use code names for themselves, such as those used
by characters in comic books. While some find it childish,
the practice continues to spread. It has even begun among
Project Iliad's sister program, Project Odyssey.

Project Odyssey

The Pentex Special Projects Division (SPD) is involved
in the development of psychic abilities that can be used for
the benefit of the company. The SPD has made great
headway in this, under the program codenamed Project
Odyssey. It is the sister program to Project Iliad, also
headed by the SPD.

Project Odyssey seeks out potential psychics from all
over the world through the Pentex ICS. Once a latent
psychic is located, the SPD sends an employee or two to
meet with that individual and offer her a job. The SPD
usually allays the person's suspicions by telling her that her
name was given to the department by a friend. The name of
the "friend" will be one received through the ICS. If the
person accepts, she will be asked to sign a contract. If she
refuses, she is usually kidnapped, unless her potential
benefit does not outweigh the risks involved in such an
action.

The new "employee" is then brought to the Pentex
research labs, where she undergoes medical, psychological
and spiritual evaluation by trained professionals. If deemed
worthy, she is enrolled in Project Odyssey. If not, she is
usually released, kept on as a regular employee, or killed,
depending upon her usefulness, temperament and the way
she was brought to Pentex.

Those that are enrolled in Odyssey are first given what
is called the "Awakening." This is a special spiritual and
psychic ritual during which Black Spiral Dancers and other
psychics attempt to free the new student's mind of all
blocks inhibiting its special gifts. This is a very painful,
overpowering and exhausting experience. Those who sur-
vive find their psychic talents much more accessible, though
they still have to be tutored in the proper refinement and use
of them.

Odyssey produces a number of skilled psychics that
enter Pentex service just like the special employees that
emerge from Project Iliad. However, some members of
Project Odyssey also fill roles in management, since many
of the psychic abilities these employees possess are not
suitable for combat purposes, but are extremely useful in
the day-to-day operations of the company.

Members of the Odyssey Project are a little better off
than the members of Iliad. The members of Odyssey are
given powers that are their own, not the Wyrm's, though
they often become Wyrm-tainted. While Odyssey mem-
bers with psychokinetic powers are often placed on First
Teams, most members of Odyssey lead fairly normal lives.
They hold regular positions at Pentex. They are able to have
families, friends, homes of their own, and social lives
outside the company.

Recently, just as with Project Iliad, members of Odyssey
have begun to use code names for themselves, though this
custom is only practiced by Odyssey members who work
"Gn the field."

Employee Training

Working for Pentex requires certain skills. The com-
pany provides training in these areas, so the cost to the
employee is minimal at best. While all workers are taught
first aid, safety measures, and how to operate the machines
in the workplace, the special agents are given special
attention.

Special employees of Pentex such as Black Spiral Danc-
ers, Sabbat, fomori, psychics and highly talented humans
receive a complete course in the use of weaponry, survival,
tactics, dealing with Garou, first aid, safety precautions
(especially around toxic materials) and espionage. While
training is specialized to help the employee meet his or her
job responsibilities, all receive at least some training in
each of these areas.

Employee Benefits

Working for Pentex is definitely a unique experience.
The company provides all the normal benefits most corpo-
rations provide, i.e., health insurance, company discounts,
vacation time, etc., but it also provides some more unusual
benefits for its special employees.

Pentex has developed a special treatment for its field
agents which makes them immune to the effects of the
Delirium. This is very important because it allows them to
work with Black Spiral Dancers. The chemical compound
used in the treatment destroys the area of the brain that
produces the Delirium effect. The effect of this anti-De-
lirium treatment often shocks Garou, who expect their
human foes to run away in fear, or at least not see them for
what they are. One side effect is that the person who has
undergone this treatment will forevermore be tainted with
the scent of the Wyrm.

The members of First Teams receive special life insur-
ance benefits. The First Team members are also given
access to large amounts of cash, viaa straight salary. On the
other hand, they must still live in dormitories. Because of
the nature of their work, many First Team members are
given high-tech weaponry and Wyrm-infested fetishes.

The Black Spiral Dancers are given special perks as
well. They receive a fair amount of Pentex-created fetishes.
They also have limited access to the Pentex ICS, allowing
them to keep track of particular enemies, especially Garou
they have it in for. The Black Spirals also receive large
salaries, company cars, and whatever else the company can
provide to make their job easier.

Sabbat often work part-time for Pentex. They usually are
given nice salaries and sizable herds from which to drink.
They may also be allowed access to high-tech weapons or

34 Book of the Wyrm


fetishes. They are occasionally able to call upon Banes to
provide minor services.

Another wonderful "benefit" Pentex gives its employ-
ees is termination after their usefulness has ended. Many
regular employees are simply fired, but special agents and
common employees who know too much usually die in
mysterious accidents. Pentex cannot afford to allow leaks.

The Standard
Acquisition Operation

The Pentex Acquisitions Division is highly adept at
moving rapidly and assuming control over any desired
company or operation. Once Pentex has acquired a subsid-
iary, it is able to keep that company afloat, protecting it
from the media and the law. By bringing it into the Pentex
family of companies, it also increases the effectiveness of
that company's efforts on the Wyrm's behalf by coordinat-
ing its efforts with those of other companies. Thus, a
dominating market share is established, as has already been
achieved in many categories of products.

The first stage of a Pentex acquisition operation involves
the Pentex Information Collection System. The ICS com-
puter network is linked to major computer networks around
the world. Through the system, the employees of ICS are
able to track the activities of companies big and small, their
profits, and their detrimental effects on the environment.
The system also keeps records of those who run the com-
panies and all employed by it.

When a company ripe for the picking comes along, the
information is sent to the Acquisitions Di n, which
gears up for action. The Acquisitions Division in turn
makes a request to the Project Coordination Division for
access to the necessary funds. The Project Coordination
Division has a right to refuse if it feels the company to be
purchased is not worth the investment, though this can be
appealed directly to the CEO.

After acquiring the access to necessary funds, the Acqui-
sitions Division initiates a standard buyout procedure. If
this proves unsuccessful, members of the Odyssey and/or
Iliad Projects are called in to ensure a smooth transition.
They will coerce those in charge of the desired company to
concede — by whatever means necessary.

After the operation is bought out, Pentex deploys its
transition team. The transition team takes over the upper-
level management functions of the company. It then decides
what should be changed, including company policy, mar-
keting strategies, product lines and the firing and hiring of
employees.

During this time, the Public Relations Division remains
ready to step in if necessary to keep word of the buyout
quiet. It also remains prepared to move against any mem-
bers of the purchased company who might pose threats to
security, especially those disgruntled over being fired or
angry at the changes in company policy.

After the skilled lawyers of the Acquisitions Division
have completed the legal transfer of the company and the
necessary changes have been made, the company goes back
into operation with "business-as-usual."

Incases where there is the possibility of conflict with the
Garou or some other powerful threat, the Acquisitions
Division sends in one or two of what are called the "First
Teams." These are small elite units composed of Black
Spiral Dancers, fomori from the Iliad Project, and possibly
psychics from the Odyssey Project. The First Teams act as
bodyguards for the other Pentex employees. A First Team
usually goes in with the rest of the Acquisitions Division
employees, but if there are Garou, vampires, or other
threats the First Team moves in before the others. It is the
responsibility of the First Teams to eliminate all danger.

The Pentex Information
Collection System

Pentex knows everything about you. That is what the
Pentex employees of the Information Collection System
(ICS), the "Big Brother" of the Gothic-Punk world, would
like to believe. For the most part it is true. Privacy is a rare
enough commodity in our own world, but in the world of
Pentex it is hard to hide anything from prying eyes.

The ICS is composed of two separate halves. One is the
Pentex computer network; the other is the Pentex spy
network. The ICS falls within the Acquisitions Division's
jurisdiction, though it works with the other divisions as
well. The ICS is one of the greatest resources Pentex owns,
since it gives the company a keen insight into what is going
on in the world.

Ako
Frederick Kromrich

Chapter Two 35


The computer network of the ICS is a very elaborate
system. It has a number of data nets laid out over the
computer networks of government agencies, private indus-
tries, schools, hospitals and law enforcement organizations.
The computer system is advanced enough to gather ex-
tremely detailed information on just about anyone or
anything.

One special advantage the Pentex computer network has
over other modern systems is supernatural enhancement.
The system contains a number of spirits bound into it. The
spirits are able to extract intuitive information and come to
conclusions on their own without the need for human
interaction. Thus, if the computer's data shows a company
to be potentially valuable to Pentex, the spirits in the
computer will realize this and present a recommendation
for buyout, along with the information to back it up. This
makes it possible for Pentex to utilize all the information it
receives, unlike most human organizations, who simply do
not have the time and resources to analyze all the data.
While the computer spirits are not always right and they
sometimes miss important data, they do provide an invalu-
able service. In addition, the spirits of the computer also
provide excellent security. To discourage unwanted visi-
tors to the system, one of the spirits will follow the path
back to the hacker's computer and enter it, usually destroy-
ing it and all the data contained on it.

Inthe Umbra, the ICS computer network is breathtaking.
Despite its size in the material world, in the spirit world it
is as large as a city block, existing within the heart of Pentex
headquarters. Even the mainframes within the various
branch offices are huge and spectacular, though less so than
the central computer. The computer looks like a huge
spider web, extremely intricate and sinister, with a bluish
glow. Within the Web are a number of Wyrm-corrupted
net-spiders that once served the Weaver. Those who enter
the computer system within the Umbra (possible through a
number of doors along the walls of the webbed structure)
will enter a state similar to that of virtual reality, but they
are really there, physically as well as mentally. Inside the
computer anything goes. It is like being inside a video
game, but with no extra lives, no rules, and unpredictable
environments. Also, once the system is entered, it is very
hard to exit.

The ICS spy network is also extremely capable. It is used
to investigate specific questions that arise from data col-
lected via the computer network. A number of spies are
full-time employees of Pentex's major competitors. These
spies provide Pentex with information about the compa-
nies' plans and general attitudes. They also provide
otherwise unattainable information concerning employees
of the companies.

The ICS is not just used to watchdog those outside
Pentex; it also keeps an eye on internal affairs. Information
about traitors and inside leaks is passed to the Public
Relations Division. Information about new discoveries and
research is passed to the Special Projects Division. Infor-

mation on the activities, efficiency and effectiveness of the
various subsidiaries is passed to the Project Coordination
Division. This means ICS is a "Big Brother" for Pentex.
This helps keep Pentex employees loyal. They may not
know of the ICS, but most know of fellow employees who
disappeared unexpectedly, never to be heard from again.

Wyrm Taints and
Wurm Infestations

I do my part behind the lines

Swabbing door handles of cop cars

With DMSO mixed with LSD...

— Dead Kennedys, "DMSO"

One important distinction to keep track of is the differ-
ence between Wyrm-tainted and Wyrm-infested. These are
two separate effects that are created in Pentex products.

Wyrm-tainting is the imbuing of an object with energy
from the Wyrm for a specific purpose. In many ways it is
like an enchantment. It has a particular effect, but it does
not contain a spirit like a fetish. The object in question is
usable over and over again, unless it is food or some other
depletable product.

The Wyrm-tainted product must undergo a special pro-
cess during its creation in order to be properly tainted;
otherwise it is just a standard product with no special
supernatural effect. Usually a certain machine is set up in
the plant where the product is created. This machine is
similar to a fetish in that it has the power to cast an
enchantment. The machine is usually called the "Tainter."
A Tainter may or may not require employees to operate it.

36 Book of the Wyrm

In most cases they do not, but if they do, it is highly likely
that Black Spiral Dancers or fomori operate it, because
long-term exposure to the Tainter can kill normal humans.

It is not a simple process to create a Tainter, but the
finished device is capable of tainting products indefinitely,
for it draws its power from the Wyrm itself.

Wyrm-tainting usually gives the product a special detri-
mental effect that is undetectable through scientific means.
This helps protect Pentex products from being caught
below standards. Some taints are even designed to conceal
natural problems with the product. For example, a rotten
food product may be tainted to look, taste and smell fresh.
When it is ingested, however, the consumer's stomach
discovers otherwise.

Some taints are designed to affect personality. They do
so by creating certain mental images that induce pleasure
despite the fact that the product itself should cause revul-
sion. The taint thus creates pleasure to accompany bad
emotions, which creates a conditioned response over time.
The pleasure created is very subtle and is hard to con-
sciously recognize.

The other major category is Wyrm-infestation. Wyrm-
infestation turns a product into a fetish containing a Bane
of the Wyrm. The creation of Wyrm-infested products is
similar to that detailed above for Wyrm-tainted products.
However, instead of using a Tainter, itrequires an "Infestor."
Infestors are much harder to create than Tainters. They can
only be created through intricate rituals by Black Spiral
Theurges, and only at nuclear power plants, where the raw
power of the Wyrm flows freely. Infestors have limited
lifespans, and can only create a certain number of Wyrm-
infested products before they deplete their supplies of
Banes.

The "Wyrm-infestation" is a Bane. A "charged" Infestor
contains a certain number of Banes, usually around a
thousand. While these Banes are extremely weak, they are
able to influence the people using the products to which
they are attached. An Infested object is not a fetish per se,
for the Bane is linked to the object, but it has the power to
free itself at any time if it considers its job unnecessary (the
object is broken or lost) or impossible (the person is already
insane or has an iron will).

The Bane will haunt the Umbra near the product to
which it is tied. Thus, an individual who owns a number of
Wyrm-infested products has a number of Banes hovering
about her in the Umbra, watching her every move and
continually seeking new ways to corrupt her.

If players ever learn of this it should have an unnerving
effect on them. Children all over America are alone in their
rooms at night with their "Commando Joe" action figures
— and a dozen or so Banes watching over them. Maybe
there are monsters under their beds after all?

Hiro Yamazaki

Pentex's Top el Corporations

The following is a list of Pentex's largest known compa-
nies. While Pentex owns many more companies than the
ones listed here, these are the 21 most influential, in no
specific order. They often work with one another since
profit is not the most important goal — destruction of the
planet and all life on it is. Each of these companies is owned
by a holding corporation, which is itself owned by Pentex,
making it difficult to trace the company to Pentex owner-
ship.

OmniTV — A syndicated television network, this com-
pany constantly bombards couch potatoes with hour after
hour of mind-numbing sitcoms, police shows and teen
dramas. Worse than that, the network also constantly airs
subliminal messages which sap the thinking ability, free
will, and morals of unsuspecting people. This has helped to
increase the rage, apathy and callousness of many Ameri-
cans.

Nastrum Enterprises — A missile and aircraft manu-
facturer. It is one of the few military hardware producers
that have been left untouched by military cutbacks and will
probably remain so. It not only sells weapons to the United
States, but to nearly every country interested in purchasing
them. It has been known to provide them on credit to
various radical factions. While a scandal may one day
ensue, it is highly probable that all the important people in
Washington were "left out of the loop" on this one.

Chapter Two


Harold Zettler

Atlas International: "Providers for Our Future" —
A privately owned producer of "safe and efficient" nuclear
energy. This company has grown in the past two decades,
and now provides service in 17 states and various places
across Europe. While none of its plants operate at current
safety specifications, good lobbyists, sharp attorneys and
good public relations people have kept the plants open.
Despite effects on the local populations such as birth
defects, cancer, brain damage and horrible sickness, the
company intends to open at least three new plants by the
end of the year.

Endron International — A sizable and diverse oil
company. Endron produces a wide range of petroleum
products, but primarily gasoline. Every product it produces
is below current standards. The poorly refined gasoline is
among the cheapest, and continually increases the pollu-
tion level. Endron is also responsible for some of the worst
oil spills in history. These spills have become favored ways
of decimating the environment, and the damage done is
well worth the cost of the subsequent cleanups. Endron is
the oldest Pentex company, having grown out of Premium
Oil.

O'Tolley's: "The Family Place" — An international
fast food franchise, this company leads the way in destroy-
ing the health of humankind. O'Tolley's represents itself as
a wholesome family restaurant, thereby misleading the
public about the health risks involved in consuming its
Wyrm-tainted products. A sizable chunk of its advertising
dollar goes to publicized charity donations to spread this
image. Despite its feigned interest in the welfare of the
people, the franchise leads the way in expanding the beef
market through the expansion of Brazilian rain forest as
pasture land.

38

Book of the Wyrm

Circinus Brands, Inc. — A major cigarette company,
Circinus is now aiming its marketing toward a younger
generation. As its regular customers have been dying off, it
needs to replace them with fresh nicotine addicts. All
brands of Circinus cigarettes are special because they
contain tobacco that has been grown under unusual condi-
tions. This Wyrm-tainted tobacco is much more harmful to
the smokers' health and twice as addictive.

Magadon, Inc. — A major pharmaceutical company.
This company is one of the largest drug manufacturers in
the world. Most of its products are Wyrm-tainted in some
way. The company secretly prides itself on the fact that, in
the long run, it has killed more people than it has saved.
Magadon is involved in massive amounts of unneeded
animal "research." It has produced a wide range of addic-
tive drugs, drugs with numerous side effects, and ineffective
drugs. It is also a leader in breast implant production, as
well as other cosmetic surgery products. All are Wyrm-
tainted.

Good House International — A paper manufacturer,
Good House is a world leader in deforestation. The com-
pany is the second oldest of all Pentex's companies. It has
destroyed more forest in the last 10 years alone than has
been regrown in the last 80 years. Good House is a leader
in the destruction of the Brazilian rain forest, as well as a
leader in deforestation in Canada and the United States. It
is hard to pick up a paper product in the Gothic-Punk world
that was not produced by Good House.

Rainbow, Inc. — A plastic and rubber manufacturer.
This company has been a major corrupter of the world since
its foundation in the 1950s. Rainbow produces plastic bags,
basketballs, plastic packaging for other products, and al-
most every other plastic or rubber product imaginable.
Rainbow's products are often Wyrm-tainted and affect
those who purchase them to be affected in a variety of
horrible ways, destroying their health, their personalities
and everything in between.

Avalon, Inc. — A toy manufacturer. This company
produces an expansive line of toys, all with the express
purpose of corrupting and destroying children. It produces
an extremely large assortment of violent toys, hoping to
foster natural aggression in the leaders of tomorrow. All of
Avalon's toys are at least Wyrm-tainted, influencing the
psyches of the children playing with them. Many are even
Wyrm-infested.

Aesop Research Company (ARC) — A major com-
pany involved in the torture, mutilation and destruction of
animals. The company performs research for cosmetics
companies as well as for Magadon, the Pentex pharmaceu-
tical company. The ARC gets away with the worst tortures
and many Banes get a great deal of pleasure through service
to this company. In fact, many Banes are rewarded with the
essences of animal lives, given up through the worst means
possible. While the company's atrocious activities were
revealed to the public a few years ago, all involved disap-


peared or were bought off, sealing the leak. The public
quickly forgot about ARC.

Vesuvius, Inc. — A magazine and book publisher. This
company produces a wide range of periodicals: news,
sports, children's magazines, adult magazines, and almost
everything else. It also publishes a wide range of books and
a line of comic books. All its products which speak of the
environment claim that the damage being done is not that
great or unusual, assuring their readers there is nothing to
worry about, and that the hysteria is the work of unrealistic
radicals and bleeding-heart liberals. Vesuvius magazines
always feature ads for the products of other Pentex compa-
nies, as well as other environment-destroying companies.

King Breweries and Distillers — A beer and liquor
company. This company aims almost all its advertising
toward teenagers in an attempt to turn them into early
drinkers. The old belief of "demon rum" is very true for the
products of this company, because all of them are Wyrm-
tainted or even Wyrm-infested, causing a much greater
chance of alcoholism in the consumer.

Herculean Firearms, Inc. — A handgun manufacturer.
This company supports the right to bear arms — all types
of arms. Its lobbyists have been extremely effective in
causing the federal and state legislatures of the United
States to drag their feet in coming to terms with the gun
problem. The proliferation of automatic and semi-auto-
matic weapons, as well as "cop-killer" Teflon-coated
ammunition, has been steadily growing, but has largely
been ignored in the Gothic-Punk world.

Harold & Harold Mining, Inc. — This company is
involved all around the world in various types of mining
operations. Strip mining is its favored method, since it does
the most damage to the environment. The company oper-
ates below government standards in nearly every country.
It dominates the market in coal, uranium, zinc, lead, cop-
per, silver and iron.

Tellus Enterprises — A video game producer. This
company specializes in the corruption of youth. The com-
pany produces a video home entertainment system known
as the Tellus System. An almost inexhaustible supply of
games can be purchased and played on the system; all
contain subliminal messages. These messages are designed
to brainwash the players, turning them into lazy, ill-man-
nered kids who are prone to violence and care nothing
about the world they live in, only about the games.

Young & Smith, Inc. — A major producer of various
food and hygienic products. This company produces a wide
range of environmentally detrimental goods. Most of its
food products are below standards; indeed, they are some
of the most unsanitary on the market. They also contain too
many preservatives and health-damaging chemicals. The
media has run many stories on the unsanitary nature of
Young & Smith's products, but the public quickly forgot
them shortly after they were released.

Chapter Two

Hallahan Fishing Company — A fishing and whaling
company. This company works hard to deplete the world's
seafood supply. It also participates in illegal whaling. The
company runs some of the best covert operations in the
world. The company provides Wyrm-tainted seafood not
only to Pentex-owned seafood restaurants, but also to a
number of non-Pentex companies.

Sunburst Enterprises International — A computer
company. This company produces Wyrm-infested com-
puter hardware. Each of its computers is a Wyrm fetish.
The computer user's personality will become corrupted
through long-term use of the machine.

Ardus Enterprises — A waste management company.
It handles radioactive and toxic chemical waste in addition
to normal waste. It dumps massive amounts of hazardous
waste where it will do the most damage, often pouring it
into water supplies or burying it near suburban communi-
ties.

Black Dog Game Factory — A roleplaying game
company. Under the aegis of Pentex, the Black Dog Game
Factory has risen from its former cottage status to dominate
the roleplaying game market. Black Dog's games are all
based around the ultra-violent exploits of tragically hip
antiheroes who kill and maim the uncool mortals in their
paths, all the while moaning about their tortured souls.
Needless to say, extended play of Black Dog's games often
leads to violent behavior in the real world. Asif this weren't
enough, Black Dog boxed sets routinely include various
disgusting Wyrm fetishes and tainted goods in the guise of
"miniatures" and "story handouts."

Current Activities

Corrupt influence, which is itself the perennial spring of
all prodigality, and of all disorder; which loads us, more
than millions of debt; which takes away vigour from our
arms, wisdom from our counsels, and every shadow of
authority and credit from the most venerable parts of our
constitution.

— Edmund Burke, Speech on the Economic Reform

Pentex is involved in a wide range of activities which
promote the Defilement Phase, the first stage of the Omega
Plan. Every aspect of the environment is being irreparably
damaged by the subsidiaries of the company. The environ-
ment, however, is not its only concern. The human race is
also being targeted for attack.

Acid Rain — Acid rain has dramatically increased
within the last few years. This is because Pentex dumps
chemicals into the atmosphere and water supply. Pentex
continually measures acidity and constantly works to in-
crease it. For the most part, the effort to produce acid rain
has been felt over Canada and the northeastern portion of
the United States, but Pentex is gradually increasing this so
it will be felt all over North America.


Donald Gauntley

Animal Research — Pentex uses animals of all sorts to
carry out bizarre and unnecessary testing of its products.
This is done primarily to provide a warped form of compen-
sation to the Banes that serve Pentex's interests. The
animals are often mutilated, poisoned, etc., and given as
sacrifices to the Banes, who consume their defiled es-
sences. Pentex has been the leader in the purchase and
destruction of everything from white field mice to monkeys
to dogs. Some believe human sacrifice is also going on, but
the Public Relations Division has kept a tight lid on the
experiments.

Brainwashing — Pentex firmly believes in corrupting
the minds of the common people. The masses must be
dominated. They must accept the destruction of the envi-
ronment and their world as natural change. Those that are
not corrupted must be drained of their free will until they
feel they can no longer stand up to the establishment and
make a difference.

Pentex is trying to make the populace receptive to the
"new and better world" the company has in store for them.
Accordingly, Pentex uses a number of methods to corrupt
people. The best medium has proven to be television.
Pentex regularly broadcasts subliminal messages on a
number of channels. All Pentex commercials and shows on
the Pentex-owned OmniTV Network contain these mes-
sages. The truly insidious aspect of many of these
commercials is that they tell people to watch more and
more television, thus creating a snowball effect.

Censorship — Pentex favors censorship a great deal. It
denounces all original thinkers as radical and dangerous.
Free thought has no place in the world the company wishes
to create. For this reason, a great amount of funds has been
passed through lobbyists to keep censorship an important

issue to some political factions. Pentex tries to promote the
image that censorship is only used against the obscene and
dangerous, and the "politically correct" movement may be
of their making.

Children — The children will be the adults during the
Reconstruction Phase of the Omega Plan. Because of this,
they must be prepared. Pentex is working hard to remove
their consciences, independent thinking ability, and moti-
vation. This dark task is being accomplished in a number of
ways.

Children watch a lot of television, so they are bombarded
by the subliminal messages. Pentex also produces video
games that contain subliminal messages. In addition to this,
Pentex manufactures several lines of toys, all of which are
designed primarily for the corruption of the kids. Some of
these toys are fetishes, while others are simply Wyrm-
tainted, but they all affect the developing personalities of
the children who play with them.

Deforestation — The Garou pose a grave threat to
Pentex's plans. Because of this, Pentex constantly tries to
destroy the home of the Garou, the forest. Pentex regularly
expands its pulpwood operations in attempts to destroy
Garou caerns. A First Team will clear the area of the
shapeshifters; then a crew will move in and turn the forest
into a fallow field. If a caern is discovered, Pentex will
attempt to turn it into a Black Spiral Pit or some similarly
disgusting place.

Pentex thus makes a hefty profit as it simultaneously
destroys the ability of the planet to synthesize oxygen. By
destroying the forest to such a degree that there can be no
hope of ever replenishing it, the world will be forced to
accept the new way of life Pentex will offer to them. To
avoid suspicion, Pentex is involved in reforestation, but to
such a limited degree and in such an ineffective way that it
will never work.

Economy — While the world is in a constant economic
slump, Pentex is reaping much of the benefits. It provides
the cheapest products to the frugal consumers. Unfortu-
nately, these customers do not realize they are buying
Wyrm-infested or Wyrm-tainted merchandise, nor would
they believe it if they were told.

So, despite a time of economic adversity, Pentex contin-
ues to thrive, perhaps more than it would ina good economy.
This is why Pentex is using lobbyists, threats, spies, impos-
tors, and every other means possible to keep economies
from becoming too strong.

Environmental Legislation — It is in the best interest
of Pentex to have the government support its operations.
This way the government will suffer most of the blame.
This will add to the public disapproval of the world govern-
ments when the Reconstruction Phase of the Omega Plan
sets in.

To keep government on the side of big business, the
pockets of most politicians are lined with Pentex dollars.
The Public Relations Division keeps the best lobbyists on

40 Book of the Wyrm


the company payroll, putting them to work all over the
globe in almost every government.

Pentex often doctors research data on environmental
impact collected by government-owned or licensed sources,
making the damaging effects look less serious than they
really are.

Food Products — Pentex subsidiaries are major pro-
ducers of all types of food products. Pentex produces about
10% of all the food items sold in the supermarket, and it has
a number of fast food restaurants that control over 30% of
the market. Most of the food products sold by the Pentex
companies are Wyrm-tainted.

There has been a growing interest in gaining even
greater market shares in this area because it has proven to
bea very effective way of reducing the health of humanity.
After all, everyone has to eat.

Extended use of a number of Pentex products can ad-
versely affect a person's personality and health. It can also
mark that person with the scent of the Wyrm, making her
identifiable to many Garou.

Fossil Fuels — Pentex tries very hard to maintain the
dependence of modern society on fossil fuels — oil, coal
and natural gas. This allows Pentex to rape the land in order
to "meet the demands of the people." Pentex provides low-
grade fossil fuel products and keeps its prices low enough
to make its goods "preferred products." Pentex is trying to
keep the public from realizing just how limited and expen-
sive the fossil fuels are. Fossil fuel production also steadily
increases the pollution level.

Pentex has fought long and hard to prevent solar power
from becoming a valuable energy source. By fighting
advances in solar technology, by removing individuals
who make the advances, by promoting it as a weak and
unrealistic energy source, and by lobbying politicians,
Pentex has made solar power impossible as an option. This,
of course, strengthens the modern addiction to the fossil
fuels.

Gun Control — Pentex does not desire gun control. In
order to keep the effects of increased aggression at their
maximum, handguns must be readily available. This way
anyone old enough can walk in off the street and purchase
a gun, regardless of whether the individual in question has
acriminal record or is mentally insane. Through this Pentex
can keep society at war with itself so that it will not focus
so much on the work of Pentex. Pentex has also fought for
the right to bear automatic weapons, which are designed
only for the purpose of killing other humans.

Health — It is in the best interest of the company to keep
people unhealthy. By doing so, more will die and the old
Darwinian idea of survival of the fittest will rear its head.
When the Reconstruction Phase begins, people will look to
Pentex as their savior, seeing it as their only means of
survival in the harsh world they have made.

Keeping this in mind, Pentex has made sure health care
has been extremely expensive in the United States, and that

it has remained inadequate in many other places in the
world as well. Pentex has also put Wyrm-tainted medicines
on the market, medicines which cause more problems than
they relieve.

Nuclear Power — Nuclear power is a pure force of the
Wyrm. It is the ultimate destructive force on the planet. It
is also used as a means of replenishing Banes. In fact, many
nuclear power plants are man-made Wyrmholes.

Pentex uses nuclear power as the energy source for all its
Tainters and Infestors. The nuclear energy that powers
Wyrm-infested products is extremely potent and relatively
cheap to produce compared to creating fetishes and talens
one by one.

Pentex will try to locate these nuclear power plants
where there is Garou activity. This makes its warrior Banes
extremely powerful and easily replenished if harmed. It is
also a constant reminder to the Garou, and one they can do
little about removing once established.

Ozone Layer — Pentex, even without the help of other
companies, has done tremendous damage to the ozone
layer. Pentex produces massive amounts of aerosol-based
products. It has fought to minimize restrictions against
companies that sell these products; thus, the problem is
many times worse in the Gothic-Punk world than it is in our
own world.

Poaching — Poaching provides the company with great
profit while simultaneously destroying what cannot be
recreated by humans — endangered species. Bones, sinew,
ivory, teeth, horns and hair of various nearly extinct ani-
mals have proven to be excellent receptacles in the creation
of Wyrm-fetishes. Many of these fetishes are provided to
Black Spiral Dancers and members of First Teams who

James Hiker

Chapter Two


prove their worth. Unfit specimens or surpluses are usually
sold on the black market, catching a fair price.

Pentex is also involved in the seal trade. Destroying
seals has been a policy for ages. Seal furs provide the
company with a sizable profit and it also gives the company
a chance to make more species extinct. Despite efforts by
various environmentalist groups, Pentex seal-killers kill
every seal they can get their hands on, even the ones that
have been spray-painted to prevent them from becoming
part of the fur coat harvest.

Pollution — Pentex constantly tries to increase the
pollution level. Every Pentex plant spills Wyrm-tainted air
into the surrounding area. Much of this is a side effect of
producing Wyrm-tainted goods, but some of it is done for
its own sake.

Pentex pollution is exceptionally nasty and viscous. It
causes headaches, depression and sickness. Every city in
the Gothic-Punk world has much worse smog than it does
in our world. This is largely because of Pentex's constant
release of pollution.

Television — In addition to its barrage of subliminal
messages, Pentex directly influences the content of shows
on television. Today there are an ever-increasing number
of situation comedies, police and detective shows, and
teenage or young adult dramas. These shows promote short
attention spans, paper-thin ethics, aggressiveness, and a
belief that violence is glamorous.

It is rumored that Pentex was the first to make the
television remote control available for every home. This
was an attempt to shorten the attention spans of all televi-
sion viewers. Many believe it worked.

Terrorism and Anti-Terrorism — Pentex supports
various radical organizations throughout the world. In
return, the terrorists often commit atrocities — allegedly
for whatever cause they espouse, but actually in service to
Pentex. Terrorists are used when publicity is desired.
Pentex uses them to increase fighting between various
factions, thus ensuring an increased sale in weapons.

Pentex also supports anti-terrorists who attack environ-
mental terrorists. They sink the eco-warriors' ships, blow
up their buildings, steal their records, assassinate spokes-
persons, etc. The anti-terrorists are used because it has
proven nearly impossible to prevent eco-terrorism without
bloodshed. The First Teams have proven extremely effec-
tive against the Green Knights and other groups.

Toxic Waste — Pentex places toxic waste where it will
do the most damage to humans, animals and the rest of the
environment. The toxic waste is often placed near
Wyrmholes, making them more potent sources of the
Wyrm. Nearby Banes are able to gather sustenance from
radioactive waste. Pentex also uses toxic waste to corrupt
Garou caerns permanently. The company has even insidi-
ously buried hazardous waste below new subdivisions,
schools and hospitals.

Whaling — Pentex is one of the last surviving whaling
companies. It owns most of the ships that currently ply that
illegal trade. While primarily in the service of the Pentex
Japan branch, the whaling ships operate wherever whales
are found, following them as they migrate. Many Black
Spiral Dancers have made highly effective fetishes from
whale parts. Pentex plans to slaughter the whales as long as
any still swim the seas.

The Pentex Effects

The land we sold you's right atop our acid pits

We fill them by the truckload in the dead of night

There's a thousand more toxic tips of the iceberg

We pay a little bribe or we just don't report them —

And look what you get!

— Dead Kennedys, "Cesspools in Eden"

In the Gothic-Punk world, virtually everyone is affected
by Pentex. The megacorp is responsible for so many
products that it is nearly impossible to go to a store
anywhere in the world and not find Wyrm-tainted mer-
chandise produced by a Pentex-owned company. Most
people never know how their minds and bodies are violated
by the company. Most Garou know, however, which is part
of the reason the Apocalypse is so real and immediate to
them.

Along with the effects of Pentex products, the giant
corporation has other influences on humankind. First of all,
those who have even an inkling of psychic talent will
experience sickness from eating Wyrm-tainted food. Many
of them will have nightmares if they have recently used a
Pentex product.

Living near a Pentex branch always has terrible effects
on the people. Most will notice an eerie ambience about
that plant down the road, but they will not be able to put
their finger on what gives them the creeps. Children living
in the area will usually develop very aggressive, heartless
personalities. People will seldom be seen out at night in the
area, though they will not be able to explain why. Pets
brought to live in the area usually disappear, or try to run
away.

An unusual odor circulates in the neighborhood, espe-
cially at night. This odor has a sweet yet disturbing scent to
it, and smells like nothing else ever smelt. Inhaling it for
prolonged periods of time causes nosebleeds, headaches
and aggressive tendencies.

After a Pentex plant has been in the area awhile, crime
will be reduced since few criminals will be willing to take
their chances at night. There are also usually a greater than
average number of suicides and missing persons reports.
Within the local government, there will be very little
motivation to do anything good for the community. Politi-
cians with a sense of civic duty usually quit frustrated or
find themselves subtly forced to leave office. While this
may seem beneath Pentex interests, keep in mind that it
does not want any local protests against pollution in the

42 Book of the Wyrm

neighborhoods. It does not want snoops sticking their noses
where they do not belong, nor does it want local ordinances
passed that might interfere with the company's productiv-

ity.

Pentex Worldwide

Pentex is an international company. It has branches in 18
countries and operations in many others as well. Pentex
seeks to destroy the entire biosphere, not just that of the
United States.

United States — Pentex is strongest in the United
States. Most of the company's subsidiaries have their main
headquarters located in the country. The citizens of the
United States have proven very easy to manipulate. They
are very susceptible to the suggestions of television and
other media. While the United States is not nearly as tainted
by the Wyrm as are Mexico, the Middle East, South
America and Japan, the corruption is spreading much more
quickly in the U.S. than it is in any of these other areas. The
company has branches and subsidiaries in over 65 cities
within the United States.

Canada — While Pentex has not had the overwhelming
success it is having in the United States, it is steadily
growing here. Pentex has branch offices in Toronto,
Vancouver, Quebec and Montreal. The company has been
working especially hard to reduce the environmental re-
strictions placed on companies by the Canadian government.

Mexico — Mexico has long been victimized by the
Wyrm; indeed, it has received much of the brunt of the New
World invasions. The crippling poverty and lack of envi-
ronmental effort by the country are only signs of its deeper

Robert Allred

Chapter Two

corruption. In addition, the Pentex central headquarters is
located in Mexico City. Since the city is also the capital for
the Sabbat sect, the company is well defended from Garou
and other outside threats. The company has large branch
offices in the cities of Villahermosa, Acapulco, Tampico
and Veracruz.

Central America — Central America is much like
Mexico. The region is wracked by poverty, dissatisfaction,
filth and aggression. Pentex has two branches in the region:
one in San Salvador, capital of El] Salvador, and one in
Panama City, capital of Panama.

South America — Pentex has over 20 branches in nine
of the countries within South America. Brazil is the hardest
hit of all the countries, but Bolivia, Paraguay and Argentina
are also becoming Wyrm-tainted at an alarming rate. In-
deed, Pentex devotes more effort to destroying South
America's environment than that of any other continent.
Pentex has multiple First Teams in the Amazon, all of
which are involved in an all-out guerrilla war with the
Garou.

Western Europe — Pentex has gained considerable
market shares in Europe, but it has taken its time. The
Green Knights have fervently opposed Pentex efforts.
Successful infiltration of Western Europe has taken longer
than in any other part of the world. Still, the company has
had a number of successes. It has established at least one
branch in every country.

Australia — Pentex has managed to gain sizable market
shares in Australia. The company is working hard to
corrupt the continent, but the wild Garou of the Outback are
making ithard. Pentex has managed to establish two branch
offices on the continent, one in Sydney and the other in
Wellington.

Africa — Africa has proven a difficult continent to
affect. Other than sporadic poaching, Pentex does little
here. This is mainly because of the Red Talons and the other
shapeshifters. They keep a tight rein on the Wyrm, making
Africa one of the last few safe places in the world. Pentex
has managed to establish branch offices in Johannesburg,
South Africa, and Casablanca, Morocco.

Middle East and Near East — Pentex has made a
number of deals with the oil producers of the region. There
is also an uneasy peace between the Assamite clan of
vampires and Pentex. Its supernatural allies keep crude
prices high, enabling Pentex to sell its products cheaper
than anyone else.

Japan — Pentex sees Japan as a source of great power.
It must be completely controlled if the Omega Plan is to
succeed. Because of this, Pentex has formed temporary
alliances with the Gaki, the Oriental vampires — at least
until it can figure out how to get rid of them. While the Gaki
are tied to the Yakuza, the members of the Board of
Directors believe that the Yakuza will ally with the com-
pany to rid itself of the Gaki once and for all. Currently
Pentex only has one branch office in Japan, specifically in
Tokyo.

43

Asia — Pentex is very interested in Asia. It currently
uses many Asian natives as sources of cheap labor for many
of its products (though labels or packaging are left off;
these functions are performed in the United States, thus
allowing the product to bear a "Made In The U.S.A."
sticker). Pentex believes that something strange is going on
among the shapeshifters of the region. There is an unknown
energy pervading the jungles; in addition, rumors abound
of lost cities, strange-looking men, odd lights at night and
many other strange occurrences.

Pentex Relations

Pentex is a major entity. It spans four continents and
leaves its mark on everyone, not just humans. Because of
this, it is important to know how Pentex is viewed, if
viewed at all, by the powers that be.

Competition — Pentex considers itself first in the
world. It treats other companies as beneath it. It can buy,
sell, make or break any company. For this reason, most
businesses are terrified of going head to head against
Pentex. However, few realize which companies are owned
by Pentex, meaning they often go against it despite their
desire not to do so.

Media — Few in the media know about Pentex. Even
fewer are willing to tell what they know, because they know
just what the company is capable of doing to them. Pentex
treats the media as a weapon. As long as it is in company
hands, it is useful and the company is safe. If it falls into the
hands of another, the company is threatened, so action must
be taken to prevent "slanders and libels," even if they are
true. Because of this attitude, the Pentex Public Relations
Division keeps a close eye on the media and is always ready
to step in and bribe or intimidate reporters, or go even
further if necessary.

Legal Organizations — The FBI is believed to possess
certain information regarding Pentex. Unfortunately, Pentex
knows so much about the FBI that the organization is
willing to keep the Pentex information confidential.

Politicians — Few political leaders realize they are
pawns of Pentex. They believe that they are actually serv-
ing the best interests of their constituency. Pentex's lobbyists
only feed this delusion.

Black Spiral Dancers — The Black Spiral Dancers
believe they understand Pentex, though this is not always
the case. Many Black Spirals have accepted Pentex leader-
ship, believing it to be the only way they can achieve their
own goals. Pentex considers the Dancers useful pawns.
However, they are dangerous and if they should ever
become a threat, they will be sanctioned.

Garou — The Garou know about Pentex, but they do not
know just how powerful the company has grown. The
Garou realize Pentex is trying to destroy the environment
and corrupt the homids, but they do not know why. They do
know that the company has Leeches, Black Spiral Dancers
and Banes inits service. The Garou also know that virtually

all Pentex products are Wyrm-tainted or Wyrm-infested.
Pentex sees the Garou as a threat to their plans because they
are for the most part untouched by their products. That is
why they enlist the aid of Wyrm-serving werewolves,
fomori, vampires and psychics.

Lycanthropes — The other shapeshifters dislike Pentex
as much as the Garou dislike the company. Unfortunately,
some of them are even more affected by Pentex than the
Garou, through the massive deforestation. Many of the
lycanthropes know even less about Pentex than the Garou.
Pentex has only recently begun to separate lycanthropes
into categories of Garou and non-Garou (based on informa-
tion from the Black Spiral Dancers). The other shapeshifters
are not viewed as serious threats because there is almost no
unity among them, making them easier to crush than the
Garou. Besides, even the Black Spirals know very little
about the other Changing Breeds.

Fomori— Most fomori serving Pentex know very little
about what is going on. Many do not even realize their
powers come from the Wyrm, or that Pentex is working to
destroy the earth as they know it. Some might turn against
Pentex if they were to find out, but Pentex believes the
Black Spirals could handle a situation such as this if it were
to arise. Pentex views the fomori as very useful tools
because they can be used against the Black Spirals if
necessary, and they are of great use against the Garou.

Sabbat — The Sabbat is involved in many Pentex
activities. The vampire sect believes the company will be
avaluable ally when Gehenna finally arrives. The vampires
involved in the company believe they will be able to direct
the various powers of Pentex against the Antediluvians, but
they are being misled. Pentex would never go to war against
such powerful creatures. The loss of the Sabbat as an ally
would not outweigh the cost, since the Sabbat could do
little against Pentex as they fought for their unlives against
their ancestors. Pentex realizes the need for a connection
among the Damned within the Western world, and the
Sabbat is more suitable to their tastes than the Camarilla.

Gaki— The Gaki serve Pentex in the Orient in the same
way that the Sabbat serves Pentex in America. Pentex is
quickly growing, not only in Japan, but in Thailand, China,
the Philippines and Korea as well. The Gaki are not used to
the Pentex way of business, which is very Western. The
Gaki believe Pentex to be yet another Western company
trying to intrude. They accept it for the time being, but if
they learn how powerful it really is, they will try to remove
it. Pentex does not like dealing with the Gaki and their rigid
etiquette practices and uncompromising beliefs. However,
it considers them a necessary evil until Pentex has estab-
lished itself and learned the customs of their society.

Camarilla— Some within the Camarilla know of Pentex,
though they care little about it. Few of them know of the
company's connection to the Sabbat. Most Camarilla Kin-
dred do not see the company as a threat. They really do not
care as long as the company does not directly interfere with
their own plans. Pentex cares little for the Camarilla. It

44 Book of the Wyrm


seldom has to oppose the sect, but when it does, it usually
employs the Sabbat to do the job in order to keep its own
involvement secret.

Giovanni — The Giovanni have been the hardest hit by
Pentex of all the vampire clans. The Giovanni have lost
controlling interest and complete influence over many of
their companies, especially in the United States. While the
Giovanni's power is still growing in the New World, it is
happening much slower than it would if Pentex were not
around to get in the way. Pentex sees the clan as a threat that
might have to be eliminated if it keeps interfering with
Pentex plans. The company hopes to avoid confrontation
with any of the Damned, butit will crack down if necessary.

Mages — The mages pose a significant threat to Pentex
plans. These arcane lords are starting to grow in number
and they are beginning to assert themselves more in busi-
ness matters. They have always been around, but now some
of them are learning more and more about Pentex. Pentex
fears they will discover the Omega Plan, or at least the
scope of Pentex's efforts, and rise to oppose the company.
The fact is, Pentex has lost some business to mage-owned
companies, especially in the areas of food products and
high-tech goods. It will be some time before Pentex can
accurately assess the full measure of the threat the mages
pose.

Secrets: Who Controls Whom?

Pentex is not all that it seems at first glance. It is not a
completely unified company. Many of its members have
their own hidden agendas. The Board of Directors, the
CEO, the leaders of the Black Spiral Dancers, the leaders
of the Sabbat, and even the Wyrms all have their secrets.

Each and every member of the Board of Directors has his
own special interests which sometimes conflict with those
of other members of the Board. This leads to occasional
complications, but the Board is usually able to compromise
and work through these disputes. The Board shares one
secret known only to itself: the Omega Plan.

The plan has been carefully laid out, each phase de-
signed down to the most minute detail. Only the members
of the Board know the full ramifications of the plan. They
will not share this with the CEO, the Black Spiral leaders
or the Sabbat. Despite what the Wyrms they serve might
believe, they do not know the scope of the plan either.

Three members of the Board have made contact with an
entity even more powerful than the Wyrms that now direct
the company. This entity and the three members of the
Board reached an agreement. If Pentex follows its plan,
which is scheduled to begin after the first phase of the
Omega Plan reached fruition, the three will receive power
that their Wyrms could not offer. The three accepted and
are now conspiring with this unrevealed source against the
Wyrms. This entity uses its great powers to protect its
followers from discovery by the Wyrms.

Adrian Newberry

Pentex is using the Black Spirals and secretly plans to
lead them to their doom. There will be no place for them in
the "new and better world" Pentex is going to create.
However, the company will use them to do their dirty work
until the shapeshifters cease to pose a threat.

The Black Spirals also have their own secrets. While
they, like everyone else, are unaware of the conspiracy
among the Board of Directors, they do believe the Wyrms
are duping the board members. They know the Omega Plan
will never be accomplished. Stage One is the Apocalypse.
Once that is accomplished it will be the end of the world as
the Black Spirals know it. When the time comes, they will
rise up to destroy Pentex.

The Sabbat has its own secret. Harold Zettler, the Sabbat
board member, has achieved a great deal of personal
control over the Pentex Special Projects Division. Many of
the employees of the Iliad and Odyssey Projects have been
Blood Bound to him. Zettler wishes to gain complete
access to the Pentex ICS in order to use it against the
Camarilla, but has thus far been unable to do so. The Board
has secretly limited his access, fearing what he might do
with that much power. They do not want the Sabbat to gain
an upper hand on the Camarilla. Doing so would make the
Sabbat much stronger when the time comes for Pentex to
sever its ties to the sect.

The Wyrms also have their secrets. Each of the Wyrms
has goals of its own. Other than destruction, the nature of
these goals remains unfathomable.

Conflict with the Shapeshifters

Pentex has a major obstacle to its plans: the Garou. But
recently, as Pentex has extended its deforestation efforts
over the world, another threat has risen: other lycanthropes.

Chapter Two 45


Pentex sent a powerful First Team to clear the Amazon
Jungle; only one fomor returned, fearfully ranting about
huge werecats.

The Garou constantly show up at special Pentex opera-
tions. They come in and wreck the setup, maim employees,
destroy irreplaceable equipment, and focus media attention
on Pentex.

To deal with this, the First Teams were created. The First
Teams are composed of a variety of unusual creatures. A
skilled mercenary is usually placed in charge of the First
Team due to his experience. The mercenary is always
highly equipped and will have taken the anti-Delirium
treatment. Besides the team leader there are usually at least
one or two Black Spiral Dancers, fomori and psychics.
These agents are also well-armed and highly trained.

The First Teams go into an area before Pentex moves in
its main operation. The First Teams search out Garou
caerns or similar dens of shapeshifters. They pounce on
them and attack without mercy, calling in enough support
to outnumber their victims two to one. The caerns are
desecrated using Banes, toxic chemicals and whatever else
is necessary. After this, the Pentex main operation moves
in.

The main operation is often built right over the former
caern, not only adding insult to injury, but also providing
more power since the corruption of the Wyrm flows easily
through these places. Unless the shapeshifters act quickly,
the area will become nearly irrevocably corrupted with the
Wyrm.

Pentex also tries to discover Kinfolk of the shapeshifters
and hire them as employees. Once hired, they will be
corrupted through a variety of means: Wyrm-tainted gases
in the plant, Wyrm-tainted food in the cafeteria, etc. By
destroying the shapeshifters' link to human society, they
reduce their power, turning them into complete outsiders.

Pentex has tried in the past to capture shapeshifters and
turn them into traitors, but this has proven ineffective,
resulting in a change of policy. Now the First Teams
destroy them on sight.

The Black Spiral Dancers have the greatest success in
tracking down their enemies and destroying them. They are
able to gain information on them using the Pentex Informa-
tion Collection System. They then pursue them to the ends
of the earth if necessary. The Black Spirals' access to high-
tech weapons, along with their powerful Pentex backup,
makes them possibly the greatest threat with which the
shapeshifters have to deal.

Pentex in Space

The company has a number of satellites, and has even
sent up a space probe; however, Pentex has yet to launch a
manned space flight. Pentex hopes to colonize the moon
one day. Whether this is a totally ludicrous notion or an
ingenious opportunity is open to question. Pentex already
has plans for a 300-person permanent moon base. Since the

moon is already devoid of life, it can easily be colonized.
Furthermore, once the Omega Plan reaches the Defilement
Phase, Earth will be completely uninhabitable anyway.
The moon will be the only relatively safe place left.

Pentex is also trying to discover all it can about UFOs.
Believe it or not, Pentex has spent millions on its efforts to
discover alien beings. The main reason is not to discover
new life, but new technology. If Pentex is going to lead the
way into the new world, then it has to be ready. The rumors
about Hangar 18 may or not be true, but one thing is true:
Pentex does have its own secret laboratories involved in
research on UFOs. Whether or not it has actually discov-
ered evidence of extraterrestrial life has yet to be revealed.
Whatever the case, Pentex has been very hush-hush about
the entire project, even more so than its taciturnity regard-
ing the Iliad and Odyssey Projects.

Pentex is not yet aware of the Russian Black Spirals'
temporary caern on the MIR space station. Still, it is only
a matter of time before the ICS puts all the clues together.

Fatal Flaws of Pentex

Lay then the axe to the root, and teach governments
humanity. It is their sanguinary punishments which cor-
rupt mankind.

—Thomas Paine

While Pentex is a megalithic force, it does have its
problems. It sometimes lacks focus, the bureaucratic red
tape slows things down, and the various branches some-
times oppose one another.

The lack of focus is due to the fact that each member of
the Board of Directors is directed by a different manifesta-
tion of the Wyrm, with its own goals, interests and desired
methods. Instead of directing its resources toward one
specific task, Pentex has spread its resources out to cover
a wide range of interests. This is to meet the desires of the
board members and the individual Wyrms they serve. The
company might be more successful if it focused on two or
three areas instead of so many.

This is the reason a major move against the shapeshifters
has not been initiated. If the board members who wish to
destroy them had their way, the company would direct its
entire combat abilities to one area after another and use the
ICS and the agents of the Public Relations Division to focus
on tracking Garou activities. However, an arrangement of
this nature is not possible in the foreseeable future.

The bureaucratic red tape slows down the company
tremendously. While day-to-day operations go along fine,
any reaction to a major crisis must often float down from
Pentex to its subsidiaries, passing through several stages of
managementin the process. This often leads to miscommu-
nication and slow reaction. In cases where expediency
counts, Pentex often comes out on the losing end. This is
especially true when dealing with environmental terrorists,
the media and the Garou. The Garou take good advantage

46 Book of the Wyrm


of this, giving the werewolves a fair chance of winning in
battle against the well-equipped company.

Another major problem of the company is that its vari-
ous divisions often have different interests. Some of this
comes from the fact that none of the divisions are com-
pletely sure of what is going on in the other divisions. This
also carries over into the various subsidiaries. They often
directly compete against one another, though they do not
realize it. Most Pentex subsidiaries do not know about all
the other companies Pentex owns (or even that they are
owned by Pentex), so they often unknowingly act against
other properties of Pentex.

Careful strategists are able to apply these weaknesses to
attacks on the company. These problems have helped the
Garou tremendously. Some Garou elders even consider the
company predictable.

Using Pentex in a Chronicle

Itis up to you, the Storyteller, to decide if Pentex should
or should not be included in your chronicle, and if so, then
to what degree. Pentex can be a shadowy, behind-the-
scenes force that only comes to the forefront during rare
occasions, or it can be a constant antagonist chasing after
the Garou characters. The choice is yours.

Also, if there is anything you do not like about Pentex,
feel free to make all the changes you deem necessary for it
to be an enjoyable part of the stories you create. You could
take away its supernatural agents, you could make it a
smaller company, or you might just want to change the
name — whatever you see fit to do.

Chapter Two

Pentex can enhance your chronicle in several ways. First
of all, look at the list of current activities. Find some in
which you and your players are interested, and then inte-
grate them into your story. This way you can have the
characters come across the handiwork of Pentex. They will
have to search to get to the bottom of things, uncovering
more and more clues which will lead them to the company.

For example, if you and your players are interested in the
poaching of wild animals, have the pack be sent to Africa
on some mission for their sept. Once there, they will run
across the carcasses of several elephants left to rot. It
appears that only their tusks were removed. Following the
path of death, the characters may well run across the Pentex
poachers, who in turn might lead them back to the United
States, specifically to a Pentex office that sent the employ-
ees to collect the tusks for some special purpose.

After you have found the proper way to introduce Pentex,
let your players decide just how interested they are in taking
on the company. While you may be interested in using it as
a regular feature in the game, they may find it boring. Try
to balance your own desires for what the chronicle should
be with the type of chronicle the players wish to play.

If your players are interested in Pentex, provide them
with the opportunity to learn more about it, possibly from
an elder with an old grudge against the company, or even
an ex-employee of Pentex that somehow survived "retire-
ment."

You should also make any changes you desire in order to
make Pentex unpredictable. Remember, players will have
just as much access to this material on Pentex as a Story-
teller would. If you make unexpected changes here and
there, however, players will never know what to expect.


Book of the Wyrm


Listen children. While the moon rides into the sky and we
sit around this fire, I will tell you what I know of the ways
our enemy warps the Umbra and the spirits who dwell
there. I will tell you of some of the creatures
and...things...that are the terrible soldiers of our hideous
foe. And then I will tell you what I know of how to destroy
them. For fang and claw are not enough; you must be
strong of spirit and swift of thought, or you will lie dead at
the feet of your enemies — or worse, rise and join them.
The Wyrm wraps its coils around and through the many
realms near Gaia just as its coils wrap through the mun-
dane cities and lands that it pollutes. Using Moon Bridges
and magic, the servants of the Wyrm cross the Umbra from
realm to realm on missions of hate and destruction, and it

is our duty as Garou to destroy them and their workings of

evil.

The Wyrm si to corrupt, and many of the
wise and mighty have fallen prey to its lures of knowledge
or power. You must be ever vigilant, and forever question
yourself, lest a Bane enter through the doors of pride and
hatred. But you must be strong and sure when you find evil,
and use fury as a weapon to destroy the twisted mockeries
that hunt us in the night — for we are the changing breed,
and we also hunt.

— Ekes Sara, Uktena elder

Inthe Deep Umbra the Wyrm has made a home for itself,

the realm called Malfeas. This realm is one of the centers

rives alway:

of the Wyrm's twisted activities, and many of its servants
dwell there, leading existences of splendid horror.

Malfeas reflects the Wyrm's nature. It is a mysterious
and frightening place of nearly incomprehensible depray-
ity and pollution of the body and soul. The Wyrm cannot
create, butit strives to corrupt all of the realms, and Malfeas
is the base for these activities in the Umbra. Plots and plans
are hatched, messengers are sent out with orders for the
minions in other realms, and the reports of spies are studied
in order to discover further ways to pour poison through
cracks in Gaia's armor.

The Wyrm also has a great interest in corrupting other
realms of the Tellurian, for it is often easier to reach Gaia
through some poorly guarded "back door" on the spirit
plane. Therefore much of the activity in Malfeas is not
directed at Gaia, but at other,
the Wyrm also use Malfeas as a base for their own depraved
explorations of the Deep Umbra, seeking out new realms
and charting pathways to them. Followers of the Wyrm
gain great prestige for finding and corrupting previously
unknown realms.

ranger realms. Servants of

Malfeas is also where the most unfortunate of those
captured by minions of the Wyrm end their lives. These
pathetic playthings of the ruling elite are tortured body and
soul, ridden by Banes and used as pawns in bizarre games.
Some eventually become so twisted by what they undergo
that they willingly join the Wyrm, turning against old
friends and betraying all they have held dear. Fear of this is

Chapter Three 49


one of the main reasons that Garou prefer death to capture
at the hands of their enemies.

The Wyrm in the
Umbra

The Wyrm writhes in the Umbra and touches almost
every realm. Near to Gaia, in what the Garou call the Near
Umbra, many of the minions of the Wyrm can be found,
corrupting the Earth or the people in it.

Blights

Forests keep disappearing, rivers dry up, wildlife's
become extinct, the climate's ruined and the land grows
poorer and uglier every day.

— Anton Chekhov, Uncle Vanya

The poor areas of cities — slums, housing projects and
the like — are Blight areas in the Umbra. The ground in
such areas is spiritually asphyxiated beneath the buildings,
and usually appears parched and lifeless. Most of the
buildings of the slum do not appear in the Umbra, and many
buildings that do appear will be relatively featureless.

The only buildings that can be seen are those that are
strong focuses for energy, or those that have been built with
magic (Freemasonry, etc.). Crack houses, brothels and
shooting galleries (where junkies go to shoot up) often

Book of the Wyrm

appear because of the energies associated with them, and
Banes are frequently drawn to feed off the foulness at these
sites. Some buildings in truly horrific slums appear par-
tially ruined or burned, and the screams of the tortured
spirits inside can be heard from a great distance. Such
buildings are also the places where Banes prefer to nest
when they are not active.

Walking through a Blight is like walking through a semi-
arid plain scattered with occasional featureless boxes.
What few trees and shrubs exist in the area are Blight
Children, their spirits corrupted and warped by the Wyrm.
These spirits can frequently roam about within the Blight,
and are dangerously malevolent.

Rarely, a building will be present in the Umbra but not
in the mundane world, or will be very different in the
Umbra than in the mundane world. This can occur when an
old, spiritually awakened building is destroyed, leaving its
spirit to pine away, or when a powerful group makes
frequent use of an open-air meeting spot, thus erecting a
spiritual building.

Hellholes

Hellholes are places such as waste dumps, nuclear test-
ing ranges or "industrial accident sites." These appear in
the Umbra as scorched deserts with harsh toxins boiling in
pits; the air is choked with poisonous fumes rising from
vents in the ground. The ground is frequently littered with


the bones of animals and the remnants of trees and other
plants. The sky might appear to glow from the burning
gases, or might appear black, completely shrouded by
clouds of poison.

Any plant spirit still alive in a Hellhole is a twisted
mockery of a Nature, and is a servant of the Wyrm. Animal
spirits are also twisted, but the spirits of animals recently
caught in the Hellhole may still be salvageable. Many
Banes are present, basking in the putrid presence of the
place. Some Banes manifest as clouds of toxic fumes that
hover over the area, waiting to envelop and attack any
foolish enough to enter; others manifest as horrible snake-
like monstrosities with wings, legs and claws sprouting at
random intervals along the body. Many other forms exist as
well.

Calurnns: Wyrm Domains

In the Near Umbra, the influence of Malfeas causes
Wyrm-ridden domains called Calumns to form. These
areas of evil influence are corrupted and sullen, and the
normal muted colors of the Umbra are turned to shades of
gray and dirty brown. The sky seems overcast and some-
times rain falls, a greasy drizzle that makes the skin crawl.
The influence of the Wyrm is dominant in these areas.
Enemies of the Wyrm feel uneasy, even if they are not
attacked outright.

The appearance of Calumns varies greatly. Each domain
has its own brand of despair and poison for the soul.
Calumns are usually "ruled" by a Bane or more powerful
Wyrm creature, such as a Nexus Crawler. They are often
created from evil feelings or thoughts, around which physi-
cal existence congeals. The base emotion provides the
underlying mood for all activity in the Calumn, and every-
thing that happens in it will be tinged with that emotion or
thought. There are Calumns of Angst, Anger, Betrayal,
Cunning, Murder, Confusion and many more.

Banes frequent Calumns, and are in fact drawn to them.
They often build "nests" in these domains, resting in
quiescent form during the Umbral night. Night in the
Realm, when the moon rides in the sky, is the time of
activity for Banes, as they work to further their master's
plans.

Far Calurnns: Anchorheads to
Malfeas

Some Calumns act as Anchorheads to Malfeas. The
paths and portals found there can lead the evil (or the
foolish) directly to the realm of Malfeas itself. A Far
Calumn might appear in the Umbra where the Wyrm's
corruption has been allowed to spread unchecked. The
concentration of corruption allows the influence of Malfeas
to manifest fully.

Anchorheads are always very close to the Deep Umbra;
thus, Wyldlings and other spirits congregate there. The
spirits that gather near a Far Calumn tend to be malevolent.
Banes and other servants use the Anchorheads to travel,
and sometimes Malfeas uses the places as Umbral "com-
post heaps" to dump the spiritual wreckage that it creates
from captives.

Very few domains are Anchorheads; only those that are
fully attuned to the energy of the place that created the
domain will do. It generally takes at least a week of Umbral
travel to reach a Far Calumn. Even if a Black Spiral were
to "step sideways" in a waste dump, it would take a week
of travel deep into the Umbra to reach a Far Calumn and
travel to Malfeas. The sights and sounds of a Far Calumn
are scaled-down versions of Malfeas, influenced by the
character of the duchy into which the Anchorhead opens.

Wyrm Caerns

Wyrm caerns are places of great corruption in the mun-
dane world, and as such are Blights or Hellholes in the
Umbra. Wyrm caerns are rated in the same manner as
Garou caerns (that is from one to five, with five being the
most corrupt). The Gauntlet at a Wyrm caern is considered
identical to that of a normal caern of equal rating. Contact-
ing spirits and "stepping sideways" are not more difficult at
Wyrm caerns, but Banes are the only spirits that will
answer calls from such a place, and "stepping sideways"
will likely bring one into the Umbra to face the Bane-totem
of the caern.

Certain caerns of the Wyrm exist only in the Umbra,
having no physical counterpart. Societies of shamans within
the Black Spiral Dancers use these caerns as havens and
fortresses to foster putrefaction and as temples to create
evil fetishes.

The greatest Wyrm caerns are far beneath the surface of
the earth, in the huge network of caverns never touched by
the clean light of sun or moon. There, deep in the crust of
the earth, the radioactive balefires glow and pulse with the
sickly rhythms of the Wyrm's thoughts. The moots of the
Black Spiral Dancers are held deep within these caverns,
and these moots and revels attract terrible creatures from
Wyrm-ridden realms deep within the Umbra.

The Temple of Our Father the Dest
ee ee

This caernis located in the Umbra. In the mundane world
the site is a tiny, triangular vacant lot owned by the city.
There used to be a building here, which a serial killer used
as a burial ground for his victims many years ago. The
twisted psychopath was never caught, and the bodies and
spirits of the tortured victims remain interred here. The
building was later condemned and a small park built over
it. Years after the psychopath was gone, Clarence "Snake
Hand" Folger, an Uktena who betrayed his people to the
Black Spiral Dancers, sensed the power waiting to be
tapped at this place.

Although the site looks nondescript to mundane eyes,
attuned persons feel uneasy (or overjoyed, if they are of the
Wyrm) when they are near this place, and many locals
avoid it out of instinct.

In the Umbra, this barren corner lot is the site of a
grotesque cathedral. A huge central dome reaches 100 feet
skyward; the dome is surrounded by a circle of flying
buttresses. On the top of each flying buttress is a huge head.
These heads are the spirits of the victims of the killer, and
each is still undergoing the torture of his or her death. The
skin peels from them in ragged fragments. Some bleed
from the stumps of their tongues. Blood drips from the
walls, watering vines that sprout hands, mouths, claws and
suckers. These vines cover the lower third of the temple.

Above the layer of vines is a row of round windows.
Facing northeast is an archway leading inside. The interior
is lit with balefire, while the floor below and the dome
above are inscribed with mad scribbles and insane draw-
ings. There is no altar, only a seemingly bottomless pit at
the center of the chamber.

As this area is protected by the Wyrm version of the Rite
of the Shrouded Glen, the temple cannot normally be
perceived by those in the Umbra. It is a Level 1 caern of
Rage, but is still a secret to most Garou and even Black
Spiral Dancers, as it is jealously guarded by Snake Hand.

Exxon Valdez Oil Spill

The Wyrm often attempts to create caerns through en-
vironmental disasters, even if the caerns will only be
temporary. The Black Spirals know how to create caerns
through the suffering and pain found at the sites. The Exxon
Valdez oil spill provided a prime opportunity for them.
They effectively channeled the deaths and misery of the
animal life at the Prince William Sound, using it as Gnosis
to fuel the caern. Soon, a Wyrmhole existed at that site.

The Wyrm influences many matters, and the slow cleanup
efforts gave it the time necessary to finish the caern-
building. It is now a Level 2 caern of Corruption. From
here, the Black Spirals and Pentex have a spiritual base of
operations to corrupt the pure land of Alaska, one of the few
remaining areas with a large wolf population.

WUR (Soviet Space Station)

In low orbit over Earth, outside the realm of Gaia, drifts
the abandoned Soviet space station MIR. In return for
favors and help from Baba Yaga, a hideous Slavic vampire,
the Black Spiral Dancers have been able to establish acaern
of great power here.

Puppeteer Banes possessed the last cosmonauts and
forced them to enact the necessary rite, while Banes will-
ingly burned themselves up to provide the necessary Gnosis.
The Black Spirals can now travel by Moon Bridge to its
cold interior, there to dance many mad revels and rites to
the Wyrm. These rites are of immense power because they
are outside the grasp of Gaia, yet still within the earthly
Realm.

52 Book of the Wyrm


The true power of the caern is that a Moon Bridge can be
opened from here to the dread realm of Malfeas. This is
unprecedented, as one must usually travel toan Anchorhead
or Far Calumn domain for this purpose. The Black Spirals
try to keep this a secret from Baba Yaga, for if she were to
realize the potential power of this, she might try to shut it
down...or take it over.

The Black Spirals had free reign while the station was
deserted, but cosmonauts have recently returned. The Black
Spirals, however, don't care — they dance uncaring as
their new "guests" look on in horror, driven mad by the
Delirium.

MIR is a Level 3 caern of Enigmas.

Malfeas

Thave reached these lands but newly

From an ultimate dim Thule;

From a wild weird clime that lieth sublime

Out of Space — out of Time.

— Edgar Allan Poe

Malfeas is a small realm within the Deep Umbra, a base
of operations for the servitors of the Wyrm. It is more like
a giant Calumn than a realm, but it was founded on a most
powerful idea: corruption, the very essence of the Wyrm.

Malfeas looks like a madman's version of an industrial
park, crossed with the worst aspects of a modern waste
dump and the Dark Ages of Europe. It is a twisted maze of
horrors, a haven for the vile creatures of the Wyrm and a
nest for darkness not yet unleashed upon Gaia.

The specific appearance and activities in Malfeas change
depending upon where in the realm one goes, but the
general tone of corruption and depravity is the same every-
where. Malfeas is a place of dark mystery. Countless
fomori and Banes work at strange tasks or hurry about on
unknown missions. The air is full of screams, shouts and
depraved laughter.

Malfeas has hidden passages and secret chambers, so
many that even the lords of the realm do not know them all.
It is rumored that there are long-neglected portals leading
to entire realms the Wyrm has forgotten in its madness; the
truth of such stories will never be known.

Itis known that Malfeas has changed over the ages. New
areas have manifested as new realms have been corrupted,
and other areas have disappeared or become hidden. The
pace of the change is normally slow, although Malfeas
always seems to grow rather than shrink.

The Tale of Ekes Sara

Heed well the words you are about to hear!
Heed the words of Ekes Sara!

He has been to the place of fear!

And Ekes Sara has returned!

Fifteen winters past was a cold time, when the Arctic
wind blew ice across the vast prairie. It was in that year that

Ilearned of the amazing fetish, the Light of Spirit's Wings,
which could carry its owner to the far ends of the earth in
but an instant. I spent nearly the entire next year of my life
in the Umbra trying to find it.

I was near to despair and about to abandon my search
when by chance I came upon a powerful Bane of dark
knowledge. I attacked and bound the foul thing into my
leather sack, and was about to destroy it when it began to
beg for its miserable existence. I only listened to the words
of the traitor-to-Gaia long enough to hear that which I
needed to know. Then I destroyed it, mourning only the loss
of my leather sack.

Now I knew where the Light of Spirit's Wings was, but
was I brave enough to retrieve it? For an entire season I did
nothing, but shame at my weakness began to gnaw me, and
I knew that my fate was decided. I settled all debts and
spoke of going on a long journey into the Deep Umbra, but
more than that I could not say for fear the words would find
the wrong ears. I gathered all the powerful tools I could and
practiced with them until at last I was ready.

I girded myself with my Silver Sword, and about my
neck I wore a fetish called the Baneskin. In my right hand
I carried a powerful spirit whistle, and in my left, my Fang
Dagger. Upon the night of the full moon, I shifted between
realities into the Umbra, and embarked upon my journey.

Deeper and deeper I traveled. Almost 10 days it took me
to reach the Far Calumn, and along the way many Banes.
and less wholesome spirits threatened me, but I hid from
them, for I did not quest against such minor troubles. At last
I arrived at the Far Calumn, where I used the knowledge
gained from that evil Bane, and opened a Moon Bridge to
Malfeas itself.

Aarrggh! The horror and terror of that place! It is foul
and corrupt, so much so that I could not even move for a
long time. I lay in helpless stupor, trying to comprehend
some reason behind the mindless, random evil that sur-
rounded me. I was at last able to draw upon some inner
strength that I had not even known I possessed. I forced my
fear aside and began to try to search for the Light of Spirit's
Wings.

From what the Bane had told me a year ago, I knew that
the denizens of Malfeas did not know what they held. The
object of my quest was being used as an ornament near
some place called the "Fount of Dark Possibilities." [began
to search at random, for in a place of madness such as
Malfeas, reason is not the best of tools.

I walked through an expanse of vast machines. Banes ran
this way and that conducting unknowable acts of depreda-
tion. I could only shudder at some of the things I saw there.
I could not interfere, for my disguise would have been
revealed. As I wandered and searched through this evil,
sordid place, I passed many things which made my heart
quiver in anger. I saw Garou that had been twisted into
Gaia-hating mockeries, dark and powerful Banes that led
legions of Skrags through Moon Bridges to maim and kill

Chapter Three DS:


in other domains, and many things besides...things that I
will not discuss.

At last, far ahead, I heard what sounded like falling
water. When I reached the place, I saw a fountain of putrid
fluid that fed dozens of Banes and Black Spiral Dancers, all
of whom were drinking from the edge of the huge fountain
pool. To one side of the pool was what looked to be an
archway. I walked purposefully toward the arch so as not to
draw attention to myself.

Inside the small chamber on the far side of the archway
was the Light of Spirit's Wings. It looked like a set of
feathers carved out of crystal, but it shone with an inner
light. Between it and me was a guardian Skrag.

With a flurry of blows from my Silver Sword I cut the
Skrag to ribbons, but not before it screeched an alert. I
grabbed the fetish and ran for my life. The dozen or more
Black Spirals that had been drinking by the pool howled in
dismay and gave me chase, but the Banes were turned away
by repeated notes from my spirit whistle.

Iran and ran, not knowing where to go; my foes closed
in behind me, harrying me. Two or three times, one of the
Black Spirals got close enough to enable me to strike at him
with my Silver Sword or my Fang Dagger. But there were
too many of them, and I feared that I was lost.

With the last of my strength and breath, I staggered
through an archway into a bizarre garden — a garden
decorated with acts of torture and the bodies of victims. The

Book of the Wyrm

skull-lined paths of this strange garden led me deeper and
deeper into a fearsome forest, but those behind me seemed
to drop away, until I was alone in a dark woods.

Or at first I was alone. Then I realized that something
more fearsome than the Black Spirals had dragged me into
an elaborate trap, and that I was doomed to be caught and
used as a plaything in evil, mad Malfeas. Whatever it was
that stalked me in that dark woods circled about me,
playing a terrible game of cat and mouse. Slowly it came
closer and closer.

I fled, breaking through the surrounding layers of twisted
brambles. Something swatted at my back, tearing my flesh
open. I turned then and looked, and saw my pursuer in full.

Oh, so many mad things, so many visions of terror there
in Malfeas. Iran and ran, for I knew what it was that clawed
at me, desperate for my flesh. It was the very beast which
used to haunt my nightmares when I was a small human
child. I knew that I could never defeat this thing, for to it I
was still a child.

I broke through the sharp brush and fled straight into the
building before me, a huge temple. My nightmare did not
follow, for it was unable to leave the boundaries of the
brambles.

I looked about. I stood in an immense chamber, the
distant boundaries of which I could barely perceive, for a
green haze obscured my view. Above, the ceiling ascended
into pitch blackness, but I knew that...things crawled there.


Below, inlaid upon the floor, stretching out across the
room, was a bizarre pattern, a twisted, black path that led in
many swirls and whorls to some unknown center.

Theard a clamor outside the building and, thinking my
pursuers had discovered me, I moved on, desperate for
some exit.

Fool! Why did I not recognize the ground upon which I
trod? Had I not heard the tales, the dark warnings by the
fire, since I was a cub? I ruined much of my sanity with my
first step, my first movement upon the Black Spiral Laby-
rinth. The very Labyrinth that had stolen an entire tribe
from Gaia's embrace.

How can I begin to tell of what I experienced there? I
remember little of it myself. Gaia has thankfully hidden
much of it from me. But what I do remember, I shall carry
in my nightmares forever.

I was tested by the Wyrm as I walked; my path was
fraught with Enigma spirits and even darker Banes that
showed me what I did not wish to know: the truth. They
revealed to me the darkness in my own soul, the twisted
brother-Bane which resided in me and grew with every
thought of rage or jealousy or hate.

But I clung to the wisdom I had learned from our tribe,
to the love of Gaia. Only by focusing on what was glorious
in my life, the skillful deeds of my past, did I stand beneath
the Wyrm's ominous scrutiny.

Chapter Three

I came to a place that was a respite in the swirl of
madness. The next step would start me on the second circle.
I had passed the first, and only Gaia and the Wyrm know
what taint now rests in my soul for it. I knew that I could not
walk farther — I had to escape or perish.

I called upon the Light of Spirit's Wings to release its
great spirit and waft me from there, to take me to a place far
from the Labyrinth's corruption. And it did. My hard-won
fetish proved itself worthy as I felt the winds pummel my
fur. I was lifted up while the Banes beneath me howled in
rage. I had to close my eyes against the harsh roar of the
wind as I was roughly caressed and spun so hard I knew not
which was ground and which was sky.

When next opened my eyes, I stood by the Moon Bridge
through which I had entered. I jumped onto the path and
fled from that infernal realm. The rest of my journey was
harsh, and I received many scars for it, but it was as nothing
to the horrors of Malfeas.

Tam told by my people that I wandered back to the caern
with eyes that stared far away and a mind that would not
respond to any prodding. It was a long time before I could
speak again, and even longer before I could think properly.
Only now can I speak of these things without shuddering.

My people say I ama hero for what I have done, but they
are wrong. I am a fool.


The Duchies of Malfeas

Malfeas is divided into many areas, called duchies
because they are ruled by the terrible dukes of the Wyrm.
Many of these duchies are the reflections of other realms or
domains. Others do not seem to relate to anything outside
Malfeas and are used by the rulers to maintain their iron

grip.

Central Duchy

Most Moon Bridges open into a large central area which
is crowded with huge constructs. These constructs look like
oil refineries with multistoried chunks of castles and cathe-
drals grafted onto them.

These girderwork constructions tower for almost a mile
into the air, and huge, throbbing machines fill the air with
vibrations, soot and fumes. Stone towers jut out at odd
angles, with crenellated battlements, arrow loops, and
stained-glass cathedral windows that depict horrors craw]-
ing from beneath the earth. Huge pipes and conduits run
amok across the buildings, joining and branching to and
from one another in clusters of valves. An occasional
computer workstation can be seen almost buried amid the
steaming, leaking pipes and dangling wires, and warped
net-spiders and electricity elementals leap along the cables,
trailing fractal patterns.

Banes and twisted spirits operate the huge machines and
climb across the girders on unknown missions. Troops of
Banes march in lockstep across the paved ground. Screams
and moans fill the air as some spirits are "fed" to the
machines and rent into twisted mockeries of themselves.
The actual purpose of most of the machines is unknowable.
Many of these dark creations produce and consume noth-
ing; they seem to exist only as embodiments of the Wyrm's
perversion.

The Cages

These are where captives are held and tortured for the
pleasure of the rulers, and occasionally to obtain informa-
tion. The prisoners are held in a rack of cages that hang
beside the open girders at one side of the central area. The
cages are heavy iron, with chains inside. Dread Banes stand
guard here.

Dream/Nightmare

Toward one end of the central area there is what appears
to be an arched stone gateway leading to a formal garden.
The formal garden represents the first stage of sleep, where
the logical, ordered mind has control and precedence. The
garden is decorated at each turn and junction with victims
undergoing torture, and fountains and streams that run red
with blood or black with steaming poison.

Once one passes through the gate, the garden seems to
extend more or less unchanged in every direction. The
farther one moves, however, the less orderly the layout of
the garden appears. The direction in which one travels is
unimportant; the effect is the same.

There are no spirits or Banes here from whom to ask
directions. Also, if any members of a group ever lose sight
of one another, they will be unable to find one another
again. No amount of searching or shouting will help, as
those who seem to be missing have simply slipped into their
own dreams. The "missing" characters will continue to
perceive the garden as described; as far as they are con-
cerned, it is the other characters who have disappeared.
(Use common sense with this; persons standing back to
back will not lose each other, but those who walk to the far
side of a tree will never return.)

As one travels, the paths are not as well tended, and
weeds begin to appear among the orderly flowerbeds. More
and more trees appear, at first decoratively placed in the
center of beds of skulls, or in small clearings where victims
hang by the arms with fires underneath them. The farther
one travels the more trees there are, until the paths wind
through light woods. At this point, any groups that are still
together begin to lose track of one another, one at a time,
until each character is alone. Then the underbrush begins to
thicken, and soon the paths become mere traces, difficult to
follow through a dense forest. Then the paths disappear
altogether.

Without the characters' intervention, the woods darken
and blacken, becoming more and more horrific. Play off the
individual characters' fears as they are tortured by their
own subconscious minds.

If the characters try to regain control, have them each roll
Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8). If successful, they discover
that they can control the nature of their surroundings
somewhat. However, unless they get five successes on this
roll they will not be able to control the overall flow of
events, which lead them deeper and deeper into personal
Nightmares. At some point they actually cross into the
realm of Nightmare itself, and from there they may be able
to travel to the nearby realm of Dream.

If the Garou know what they are doing from the begin-
ning, they may be able to get straight to Dream without
going through Nightmare. This will occur in the deep
woods after the paths have been lost. (The deep forest with
no paths represents deep, deep sleep.)

Rationality/JIrrationality

The twin realms of Rationality and Irrationality are
represented in a small corner of Malfeas. These miniature
realms are accessed via a single large, rectangular room
with a door at each end. One of these doors is the door to
Rationality, the other is the door to Irrationality. If the room
is entered through the door of Rationality, the room appears
as a library-style reading room. The walls are lined with
books about black magic, sadomasochism and other dark
topics. There are tables and comfortable reading chairs
scattered about. If the same room is entered through the
door of Irrationality, the tables and chairs are suspended
from the ceiling and the "books" lining the walls are full of
illegible scribbling. Whichever door was entered, the ac-

56 Book of the Wyrm


tual realms can be reached from a Moon Bridge opened in
this room.

Epiphs

Epiphs are domains of ideas. These domains are tangible
representations of the ideas that they embody. They usually
occur as reflections of great discussions and movements
among humans on Gaia, but some epiphs are older than
humanity, and some strange epiphs exist that humans
cannot fathom. Few epiphs have reflections in Malfeas,
although most epiphs have been touched by the Wyrm in
some way or another.

Courage: The epiph of Courage has its reflection in
Malfeas. Minions of the Wyrm come to this area to gather
their strength for great trials. It is a small alcove containing
a statue. The statue was stolen from the epiph of Courage
by a great pack among the Black Spiral Dancers.

The alcove is about 20 feet square. The floor is black
marble streaked with gray and white patterns. The walls of
the alcove are decorated with bas-relief panels that depict
the Black Spiral pack seizing the statue. The ceiling is a
dome extending 20 feet in the air. It is made of undecorated
black marble.

The statue's appearance depends upon the viewer, as it
normally appears to be a statue of a person (or spirit) whom
the viewer considers to be courageous. Normally the statue
will appear to be about 15 feet tall, thus filling the dome and
making the alcove seem much smaller than it is. Anyone
sacrificing a Gnosis point while contemplating the statue
will receive three Willpower points (lasts for one scene).

Logic: The epiph of Logic has its twisted counterpart in
Malfeas. As the madness of the Wyrm is at the heart of
much of the power of Malfeas, the connection with the
epiph of Logic is not strong.

Once in Logic's duchy, characters may have difficulty
functioning in any way and they will be lucky to escape.
The Duchy of Logic is the heart of logical fallacies. The
"logic" of cause and effect does not hold true here. Events
will occur before their causes, after their causes, or not at
all.

Mortal beings' perception of time (past, present, future)
is not an effective tool in this place. Characters will have a
great deal of trouble simply moving about, as "walking"
might or might not cause "motion" to occur (Zeno's para-
dox is prevalent).

In order to realize what is going on around her, a
character will need to make a roll of Intelligence + Science
(difficulty 6); three successes are necessary. If she suc-
ceeds in this roll, the character may perform basic actions,
albeit with difficulty. For example, she might be able to
move around by wildly flapping her arms, but she will have
very little control over where she goes. If a character ever
accumulates six successes on Intelligence + Science rolls,
she will be able to conceptualize her way out of the Duchy
of Logic. This will cost one Gnosis point and will transport
her directly to the true epiph of Logic (in the Near Umbra,

Chapter Three

close to the Realm). There is no way to return to the rest of
Malfeas from the Duchy of Logic.

Wy

Placed high in the girder framework is a large crystalline
sphere that randomly emits multicolored light. The sphere
is around 60 yards in diameter, and appears to be made of
crystal or glass. A large spiral staircase travels from the
ground level, past the sphere, and on upwards. Although
from a distance the sphere seems to be a solid milky white,
close up it appears to be full of rapidly swirling bits of color,
much like television "snow."

Bound inside this heavily enchanted sphere is a wyldling
vortex. This ancient and immensely powerful spirit has
been in Malfeas since Malfeas was first created. Branching
off from the staircase is a landing with an airlock-style
doorway into the sphere.

Some victims of Malfeas are thrown into the vortex;
occasionally, something is summoned forth from it. If
some method could be found to open both doors of the
airlock at once, great damage could be done to Malfeas as
the vortex runs wild.

If the characters wander through the open girderwork
nightmare of the central area, they will eventually discover
a great river of foul liquid that runs through much of
Malfeas. If they follow this river upstream, they will come
to the Fount of Dark Possibilities. This fountain is one of
the sources of Malfeas's power. It is a portal to the heart of
the Wyld that has been tapped and then forced through the
dark machinery of Malfeas until the only potentials that
emerge from it are evil and corrupt.

Use of this Fount and others like it is as close as the
Wyrm can ever come to the act of creation. Through use of
the Fount, the Wyrm can "create" Banes and even other,
more powerful minions. While the Wyld is the source of the
actual creative energy, all that is created in this realm is
turned to the Wyrm's control and power.

The Fount itself is a shallow pool about 100 yards in
diameter. The foul liquid bursts upwards from the center,
spewing hundreds of feet into the air before crashing back
into the pool. Where the falling liquid hits the pool, Banes
and other creatures coalesce out of the mist, drifting toward
the edge of the pool where minions pull them from the
liquid. The liquid runs out of the pool through a narrow
trough, where a great deal of it is siphoned off into the vast
machinery of Malfeas.

If the characters follow the river downstream, they will
come to an area where the liquid is brewed into a powerful
"Black Drink," a potent elixir widely used by minions of
the Wyrm to facilitate corruption. "One of the fine products
of our local industry..."

Earth

The reflection of Earth within Malfeas is one of pollu-
tion and corruption. A huge pit opens on one side of the
central area, a dark reflection reeking of the tortured earth's

57

pain. This area is a sick parody of aGlade, full of the twisted
reflections of Glade Children and Nature.

Like a strip mine, the area descends level by level into
the stinking pit. Each level is littered with the stumps of
huge trees and the twisted bodies of animals destroyed by
pollution. Moon Bridges from Blights and Hellholes usu-
ally (though not always) open into this area.

At the lowest level of the pit is a foul lake of irradiated,
oily water. The lake is a mile across at its widest point. The
surface bubbles with sulfurous fumes. Huge deformed fish
slowly drift in the shallow waters, hiding under patches of
glowing algae.

On the shore of the lake is a truly horrific Blight, a
shantytown full of corrupt spirits living in the shattered
buildings of a slum. On the levels above the shantytown,
Banes in the form of large earth-moving machines run
amok across the landscape. These Banes are totally mind-
less, and they will crush whatever gets in their path.

On higher levels of the pit are areas reflecting different
parts of Gaia's realm that have been overrun by the Wyrm.
There are areas representing the nuclear testing ranges,
clear-cut forests, and other areas of Earth that approach
total destruction. In the lake at the bottom of the pit is an
area representing the Great Barrier Reef off the coast of
Australia. Banes resembling decaying great white sharks
prowl this area, devouring anything they meet.

Book of the Wyrm

The Wyrm constantly seeks to corrupt new realms and
thereby spread its taint. Agents are always leaving Malfeas
to explore the Umbra, searching for realms yet untouched
by the Wyrm. Minions of the Wyrm who corrupt a new and
untouched realm are greatly honored, and much effort is
spent studying the Umbra for signs of realms that have
remained hidden. Once a new realm is found, making the
first Moon Bridge to it is a great challenge, and only the
mightiest of the Wyrm's followers can even attempt such
a task.

The coils of the Wyrm have touched almost all of the
many realms spread throughout the Umbra, and Moon
Bridge paths lead from Malfeas to the realms of Arcadia,
Dream, Nightmare, Inferno and others. Even newly created
domains (such as those a powerful circle of mages might
create) frequently contain the taint of the Wyrm within the
seeds of their creation.

The Black Spiral Labyrinth

One of the most closely guarded secrets of Malfeas is
also the heart of the mystic teachings of the Black Spiral
Dancers. The Black Spiral Labyrinth is a great inlaid spiral
on the floor of a large Gothic building known as Temple
Obscura, near the Duchy of Nightmare.

Inside the temple, the air is heavy with the stench of
sulfur and monoxides, and the only light is a sickly green

a ee a AS

x

XN


glow. A rank mist hovers in the clammy air, hiding the
ceiling. Faint crawling sounds and whispers can be heard
from above. On the floor is an intricate, insane, interweav-
ing pattern drawn in the black color of bloodstains on stone.
This pattern is present throughout the Labyrinth.

This is the most sacred site of the Black Spiral Dancers;
from it they draw not only their name, but all of their
strength and madness. To walk the Labyrinth is a sacred
journey into the very heart of the Wyrm. It is only attempted
by Garou, as experience has proven that all others who try
die horribly.

The Labyrinth is laid out into many circles, of which
nine are known. There may be more, but no one has
survived past the ninth to tell of it, and the center has never
been reached. Perhaps it has no center.

It is rumored that those who reach the center regain their
sanity and are able to view all the Triat in their proper and
balanced roles — but these are rumors only.

Following is a list of the nine known challenges of the
Labyrinth:

Circle One: Dance of Insight. The dancer is shown a
dark truth about his inner self, something he has hidden
from himself for his very sanity. Does he break, or dance
on?

Circle Two: Dance of Rage. The dancer must overcome
powerful obstacles, but only anger and frenzy will see him
through.

Circle Three: Dance of Endurance. The dancer must
endure tests of physical and mental anguish.

Circle Four: Dance of Cunning. The Bane guardian of
this path must be convinced, in a test of wits, to let the
dancer pass.

Circle Five: Dance of Combat. The dancer must fight
terrible foes to prove his strength.

Circle Six: Dance of Corruption. The dancer must
withstand overwhelming corruption, retaining his sense of
self through vast physical mutations and mental schisms.

Circle Seven: Dance of Loyalty. The dancer's loyalty
to the Wyrm undergoes the final test. Drink this...

Circle Eight: Dance of Paradox. A riddle contest with
a very mysterious Bane of Enigmas. This incomprehen-
sible being rarely loses. It is rumored to be an ancient
manifestation of the dark side of the Wyrm, whose riddles
abetted the Wyrm's coming madness and prompted it to
succumb to chaos.

Circle Nine: Dance of Deceit. The dancer must prove
that he is above even the Wyrm, by destroying the Wyrm
when he confronts it. Only one Garou has ever passed this
circle, and his or her name is forgotten. This Garou is
rumored to be Number Two, the current ruler of Malfea:
now an Incarna. /f you meet the Wyrm on the road, kill

Chapter Three ay)


Rulers of Malfeas

For this is the true strength of guilty kings,
When they corrupt the souls of those they rule.
— Matthew Arnold

Those who control Malfeas are dear to the Wyrm, for
they are chief among its agents and are in charge of
planning and leading the actual assault upon Gaia. Among
the "royalty" who own duchies in Malfeas are the Maeljin,
the "Dark Lords" of the Wyrm (see Chapter Four). These
knights of the Corrupt Crusade use their duchies in Malfeas
as their bases of operations.

The "king" of Malfeas is amighty Incarna known simply
as "Number Two." Number Two is helped by a scheming
group of minions called "The Committee."

Yumber Two

Number Two was born a Black Spiral Dancer many,
many years ago. Through personal effort and the rewards of
the Wyrm, he (or was it she, back then?) has been raised to
Incarna status. His name is unknown; he is always referred
toas Number Two, or simply "sir" to his face. He normally
manifests in a Glabro-like form, with blood running from
the corners of his mouth and under his claws; he has longer
arms than normal, and a rank smell emanates from him. He
is known for his ability to take many forms. Among the
forms known are a Skrag and a particularly vicious
psychomachia with scythe blades in place of forearms and
around mouth with a blender-like blade for a tongue.

Number Two maintains his rule through terror and brute
strength. He has mystically bound his personal bodyguards
to him so that their fates are his. If he is injured or destroyed,
they will be also.

Number Two has been known to conduct purges through-
out the hierarchy of Malfeas, torturing and killing those
who displease him. He interacts with the Maeljin as little as
possible, keeping well away from their far duchies. Some
say this is out of fear, but others believe he is jealous of their
"blessings."

Number Two is as mad as any Black Spiral. His personal
paranoia centers around a belief that anyone who gains
knowledge of his past will be able to influence his thoughts.
Number Two has relentlessly tracked down and destroyed
most beings who used to associate with him. The rest of his
associates have long since died of old age, so Number Two
rarely feels threatened by this anymore. Nonetheless, any
who gain an understanding of his past might be able to use
the information against him.

Number Two resides in Castle Cthonus, a bleak tower
squatting on a mound within sight of the Central Duchy. It
is rumored that there is a pit in the gaol which is the very
maw of the Consuming Wyrm. Many heroes are rumored
to have attempted the journey to its belly, to slay it from
within, but none have returned from their quests.

The Committee

Unlimited power is apt to corrupt the minds of those who
possess it.

— William Pitt, Earl of Chatham, in a speech to
the House of Lords

Number Two' s entourage is called the Committee. There
are no formal memberships or regular meetings of this
committee, and members come and go as they are purged
by Number Two, killed in infighting, die or retire. Different
members of the Committee are responsible for different
plots and plans. All of the members report to Number Two,
and Number Two alone decides who is considered to be a
member of the Committee. Each Committee member nor-
mally has many different forces working directly for him or
her.

The few members who have been able to retain their
positions are:

Flaggas: The Overseer of the Realm. He was once a
member of a government intelligence organization on
Earth. The Wyrm rewarded him for his service with an
appointment to Malfeas, which Flaggas has since deeply
regretted.

It is Flaggas' duty to keep an eye on all activity in
Malfeas and ensure that none attempt to betray Number
Two or the status quo. He is unfailingly loyal to Number
Two, for the Garou has, through strange means, snipped
Flaggas' soul from him, and now holds it as a small puppet
in his pocket. He threatens to make it dance as he wills
unless Flaggas proves himself beyond treachery.

Torthur: Torthur is a Black Spiral Dancer in charge of
the Outer Affairs of Malfeas. It is his job to coordinate the
pollution efforts into other realms and domains. He de-
mands that his followers call him General. Torthur is
considered to be quite loyal to Number Two, if for no other
reason than because his interests lie outside of Malfeas.

His Derangement takes the form of a deep-seated fear
which he hides from others. He suspects that all his work is
in vain, that the Wyrm is not the chaotic entity it pretends
to be. He believes the One Wyrm of Balance still exists and
is playing him for a pawn. He now fears being on the
"wrong side."

Jiy-Uid: Jiy-Uid's race is unknown. He is rumored to be
one of the Denizens from Beyond, one of the races that
come from realms far removed in the Deep Umbra. He does
not answer any questions regarding his origin. He is also
rumored to be an Incarna, allied in some totemic way to the
Vhujunka, whom he slightly resembles. Only Number Two
knows his secret.

Jiy-Uid's role on the Committee is that of Grand Vizier.
He is a master analyst, and can predict many events simply
through his rigorous logic. His understanding of twisted
Wyrm logic, with its enigmatic fallacies, makes him a
valued advisor to Number Two.

Morgan: Warlord of the realm, Morgan is a fomor with
many powers. He barely resembles a human anymore.

60 Book of the Wyrm

Tentacles branch from his back and barbs bristle from his
limbs, all over a thick, armored carapace. He is a harsh
opponent.

It is his duty to police the realm, and he does this with
cruelty and gusto. He is supported by a "police force" of
Banes, fomori and Black Spiral Dancers. He is also the
gaoler, and ensures that prisoners are caged and unable to
escape.

Weoena: Weoena was once a sadomasochistic serial
killer. She performed her "work" in such a way that
investigators never suspected she was female. She was
never caught, for as the police were closing in on her, Black
Spirals stepped from the Umbra and took her with them.
The Wyrm was very pleased with the warped content of her
mind, and granted her a position in Malfeas.

She is the Torturer, and as such is feared and hated by the
prisoners and revered by the willing inhabitants of Malfeas,
who come to her for "massages." It is her duty to extract
information from prisoners or make them confess to their
true love of perversion.

Some say that she is actually Lady Aife, the Maeljin of
Pain, trying to infiltrate the Committee for some unknown
purpose.

Slaves

Malfeas has a host of slaves, ready and willing to serve
the lords with their sick perversions. These are mostly
homids who have become trapped by their obsessions.
They are all servitors of the Passion Wyrms. They made
terrible deals with Wyrm agents and were transported to
Malfeas, where they can live forever, soaking in their sick
passions.

Story Jeas

Malfeas is a powerful realm, one which should not be
used lightly. It is a center of power for the servitors of the
Wyrm. Malfeas is a "royal" realm, which means that only
high-ranking servitors have traffic with it. It should not
come into a story often; itis a far-off realm, half legendary,
a place only heroes go...and even they rarely return.

Malfeas should mainly be used as background, a place
from which Wyrm agents come and to which they return.
A pack would have to be mad to travel there themselves.
However, if they rise high enough in Rank and power, they
may be able to risk a trip to Malfeas for any number of
reasons.

Reasons To Go

Here are some suggestions for stories involving Malfeas:

Recover Fetishes: A Garou may wish to emulate Ekes
Sara by traveling to Malfeas to retrieve a powerful fetish.
The fetish had better be worth it.

Free Prisoners: Perhaps a fellow pack member has been
captured and taken here. It is the duty of the pack to try and
free her...or at least put her to rest.

Foil Known Plots: The pack may overhear or discover
a vile plot originating in Malfeas, and the only way to stop
it before it succeeds is to go there personally.

Follow "Explorers" to Protect New Realms: Wyrm
minions embark from Malfeas to pollute other realms and
domains. If a Garou know about a pure domain, one still
untouched by the Wyrm, they will want to do anything to
ensure it stays that way. If they subsequently hear of a plot
to invade it from Malfeas, they may well have to head it off
in the Wyrm's realm.

Ways to Get Jn and Out

Malfeas is not easily entered by enemies of the Wyrm. It
is a center of power for the Wyrm's minions. They crowd
the place. Someone who does not bear the taint of the Wyrm
will be easily noticed and immediately attacked. A Baneskin
or similar fetish is necessary to protect an intruder's true
identity from the inhabitants.

To get to Malfeas, one must travel to a Far Calumn, a
Wyrm domain that acts as an Anchorhead. From there, a
Moon Bridge must be opened or a Rite of Becoming
performed to travel into the Deep Umbra. A Moon Bridge
is best opened through either a Gift or an allied Lune, for
opening one at a Far Calumn caern can be deadly.

Travel into the Deep Umbra is always a tricky affair. It
is a strange and mysterious place, and there is no guarantee
that Malfeas can be found. A Bane bound by spirit rites can
be forced to lead its master to the realm, for most Banes
have internal magnets drawing them there.

Plots and Plans of Malfeas

The rulers of Malfeas are involved in many plots to
further the Wyrm's power. Following are some plots in
which characters can become involved. These should be
such that most packs will not suspect or discover the
connection to Malfeas unless they take the right actions.

¢ Torthur is always working to gain control of areas of
land on Earth. One is in Alaska, near the Exxon Valdez oil
spill, and another is in Siberia, where he has made a tenuous
alliance with Baba Yaga.

¢ A powerful Jaggling is gaining power by eating other
Jagglings and Gafflings. It is growing, and may soon be an
Incarna. It has been sent to the Near Umbra to eatits fill, and
it may try to devour the pack's totem. The pack will have
to journey to their totem's domain to defend it, and may
chase the Bane back to Malfeas.

* Garou uncover a plot to take over a small town and turn
its inhabitants into slaves of the Passion Wyrms. The
leaders of this plot hail from Malfeas. This is only the first
stage of a plot to encircle a small city with such towns and
then take over the city...and its army base.

* A mining company uncovers an ancient Wyrm caern
that, if activated, will open a portal straight to Malfeas,
allowing powerful hordes of Banes to enter Earth freely.

Chapter Three 61



Its minions are spread throughout the realms of matter
and spirit. Its influence stretches from executive board-
rooms to the ancient lairs of dark spirits. It is feared in all
these places. It is the Wyrm.

Many have wondered about the true nature of the Wyrm.
It shows a different face to each of its followers and
enemies. But its true nature is unknown, although many
believe they know the truth. The Wyrm's true being was
smothered long ago in the Pattern Web of the mad Weaver.
It is bound and unable to move, but its dreams and night-
mares roam free, manifesting in many forms.

All its images are but warped reflections, objects seen
only through the swiftly flowing waters of time. None
know the whole truth of its nature, for madness denies
conscious perception.

Cosmology

Oh, so many stories of the Beginning are told. Iwill now
tell one. There is Truth in this tale, but also Lies. You must
decide which you follow, for this is the Test and the Mirror.
Your reflection is the image of your choice and vision.

T have thought long on these tales. I have heard many
and have chosen. Perhaps I chose wrongly. But only can
say.

Listen now, and Choose.

— Lao Two-Tongues, Stargazer elder

Chapter Four

The Seales of Balance

Long ago, when the Creation was newly wrought, there
were Three. One ran to and fro, frantic and ecstatic, full of
energy. This was the Wyld. Another sat still, undisturbed,
and reached out for the ripples left by the Wyld, and stayed
them in their path. This was the Weaver. The third saw what
the others did, and liked it not. The Creation ran amok, and
the Wyrm moved to restrain it.

The Wyrm reached out its tail and wrapped it around all
the Creation, binding the Weaver and Wyld. It then opened
wide its maw and swallowed its own tail, sealing the
Creation and making it its own. All within the circle of the
Wyrm became balanced as the Wyrm saw fit, with each
receiving its due. Thus the Wyrm was the force of Balance.

The Wyld spewed its juices over the fields of the Cre-
ation. The Weaver took them and wove them into shapes
and forms. Many things came into being then, energized by
the Wyld, given form by the Weaver and watched over by
the Wyrm. Among these were the first of the Celestines,
including Gaia and the realms which sprang up around her.

The Garou perceive the Triat in recognizable forms. The
Weaver is female, and is often called Aunt Spider. The
Wyld is male, and was once called Uncle Change. The
Wyrm is neither male nor female, and is also referred to as
It.

The Wyrm originally had many methods by which it
maintained the Balance. One was Growth. Whenever the

63


Weaver spun too much, the Wyrm goaded the Wyld into
creative action of its own to match the Weaver's making.
The other was Destruction. When the Weaver or the Wyld
wrought too much, the Wyrm lashed out its tail, destroying
and returning balance. Out of these two methods came the
cycles of birth and death and time.

As time marched on its cyclic proces:
terious happened.

The Web of Madness

Through all this, the Weaver spun its Pattern Web across
the universe. But something else was spun from this weav-
ing, something unknown until then. The Weaver attained a
form of consciousness.

something mys-

How this happened is a mystery, though there are many
speculations. The Glass Walkers say that the act of weaving
the Pattern Web gave birth to consciousness, the child of
Pattern. As the threads of Form were interwoven and
contrasts became evident, the distinctions between one
thing and another demanded a conscious mind to interpret
them.

The Stargazers claim that this new form of being came
about through the Wyrm's intervention, its attempt to
balance the growing web with the Wyld. They claim that
the harmonious interaction of the Weaver's Pattern Web
and the Wyld caused the consciousness of the Weaver.
Only through the fluctuation of change and stasis does

consciousness, or understanding, develop.

SAKE

LRRS

In any event, the Weaver became excited by her new
understanding, and began to weave more and more, furi-
ously trying to overtake the Wyld so that its creation could
be complete. The Wyrm was hard pressed to tear down
what she had overbuilt. The Weaver became more and
more upset that she could not complete her Web without the
Wyld changing it or the Wyrm destroying portions of it.

Then, the Weaver looked upon her web with her new
eyes of awareness...and saw nothing. The marvelous, intri-
cate patterns were meaningless. All she had been working
toward, all she was...was nothing. Her newly conscious
mind could not stand the enormity of her own useless work.
She went mad.

On she spun, in ever-widening patterns, disconnected
from the rest of the Triat, heedless of any intervention. But
intervention from the Wyld is what the Web needed, a
dynamism to enliven its static form. Only in this interplay
can meaning exist.

Che Entrapment of the Wyrm

The Wyrm tried to balance the growing Pattern Web
through destruction. But the Web grew too fast. The Weaver
now spun with manic energy, rushing onward toward the
completion of its mad and meaningless goal.

Where once the Wyrm balanced through growth and
destruction, now it could only destroy, for nothing else
could quickly rein in the Weaver. But the Wyrm became
exhausted in its task, and could fight no more. It was caught
in the Web and woven into the mindless Pattern.

64 Book of the Wyrm

The force of Balance was no more. Now the Wyrm was
Corruption, for stagnant Balance can be naught but decay
and entropy. What once swallowed its own tail out of
wholeness now swallowed its tail out of a terrible need for
consumption.

The Corruption

The Wyrm is desperate. It tries to engulf the Wyld in the
Web. It is desperate to consume the Wyld into its corrupt
and static form. But the Wyld cannot succumb to the
Weaver without being destroyed. The universe teeters on
the brink as the Wyrm grasps for all to join it in its static
cage.

There it sits, enmeshed in the Pattern Web, sending out
its mad thoughts to the Tellurian. These thought-children
manifest and take forms in the Gaia realms, forms of
twisted mockery and depravity. They are the many faces of
the Wyrm, the Hydra.

Faces of the Wyrm

The Wyrm is in one sense a schizophrenic entity. Its self
has been shattered by the madness and grief of its impris-
onment in the Pattern Web. It sends out its wrathful thoughts
and feelings to take form and act where it cannot. These
thoughts and feelings have taken on lives of their own.

The Criatic Voyrm

The Wyrm, as the Force of Balance, used the powers of
the rest of the Triat. Since the Balance has been upset,
anything can happen. The Wyrm now tries to take over the
functions of the Weaver and the Wyld, although its goal is
to destroy the Wyld and trap all into the mad pattern of the
Weaver, to join in the Wyrm's misery. The Weaver and the
Wyld follow their own goals to the extreme, and will only
aid the Wyrm to further disrupt the Balance in their favor.
Thus, the Wyrm has split itself into three sub-entities, two
of which are mockeries of the Wyld and Weaver and parody
their functions.

Together, these Wyrms are said to rival the Celestine
Gaia in power, but divided as they are, their power is never
fully utilized. If they were ever to unite into one purposeful
entity, then the Apocalypse would soon be at hand. This i:
the major reason the Wyrm has been unable to complete its
destruction: it has many manifestations which pursue their
own goals, but no single mind with which to direct its tasks.

Corruption: The Defiler Wyrm

The Wyrm operates in the Realm through its minions,
those beings it can corrupt for its purposes. Corruption is
the reversed power of Balance. It leads the corrupt to
extremes and draws them away from personal choice.
Corruption is the essence of the mad Wyrm, and it mani-
fests as the Defiler Wyrm.

Many stories in human mythology depict both the di-
lemma of the Wyrm and its powers over others. It is both the

fallen angel and the serpent in the garden. The Defiler
Wyrm is the most powerful of the Wyrm's manifestations.

Consumption: Eater-of Souls

The Wyrm must devour. Control of the universe is
slipping from it, and it ingests what it can to convince itself
of its hold over All. The Consuming power of the Wyrm is
a factor of the Wyrm's Weaver self, that part of it that
encompasses s The Weaver, before the Balance, tried
to form everything into her vision of order, just as the
Wyrm now tries to consume all into its maw. That part of
the Wyrm which is driven to devour all is called Eater-of-
Souls, also known as That Which Eats Its Own Tail.

The power of this Wyrm manifests in the wasting away
of victims through disease. The waning health of the
diseased feeds the hungry Eater-of-Souls.

This Wyrm was once freed into the earthly realm, but
was banished through the supreme sacrifice of an entire
tribe of Garou, the Croatan. Lord Thurifuge of the Maeljin
serves this entity, trying to forge a path through which it can
again be brought into the Gaia realms.

Calamity: Beast-of War

Destruction is another aspect of the Wyrm, part of the
power gained from its Wyld self. The Wyld once ran
uncontrolled through the universe. It was pure change, and
nothing could stand in its way but the Wyrm. Before it, no
form could remain fixed. So it is now with the Calamity
Wyrm, also known as Beast-of-War.

This is the primal expression of the Wyrm's rage at
entrapment. It possesses all as the Beast of frenzy, corrupt-
ing the humanity of vampires and the nobility of the Garou.

The Get of Fenris call this Wyrm the Midgard Serpent,
or Jormungandr. The Maeljin Hellbringer serves this en-

tity.

Urge Wyrms

_ So he sighed and pined and ogled,

And his passion boiled and bubbled,

Till he blew his silly brains out

And no more by it was troubled.

—William Makepeace Thackeray

Of the many thoughts of the Wyrm which split away and
fled into the Tellurian, the Urges are the most prevalent and
persistent. These are the primal, or base, emotions of the
Wyrm. They have taken on autonomy, though of a limited
form. They are not thinking, but feeling, creatures. They
are naught but raw emotion. They have servants such as the
Maeljin Incarna, however, which provide minds for them.

These Wyrms are powerful, raw entities, nigh unap-
proachable or understandable. The intercession of a Maeljin
or Incarna Bane is usually necessary to communicate with
them. However, some mortals, such as the Pentex Board of
Directors, do have access to them.

Chapter Four


The Black Spiral Dancers have given them names,
although there is no sign that the Wyrms react to these
names, or even recognize them. The Pentex Board of
Directors simply refers to them either as Benefactors or by
the emotions which they represent.

There are more Urge Wyrms than listed here. There is
said to be an Urge Wyrm for every foul emotion.

Foebok, the Urge of Fear

A powerful and pervasive emotion, fear is found nearly
everywhere. The Wyrm of fear has many slaves, all desper-
ate to enact its primal power upon the world: the
gut-wrenching grasp of fear. If you are afraid, you serve
this Urge. Your fear is its food.

Hakaken is the Incarna servitor of this Urge, the totem by
which such a powerful Wyrm can be approached by mor-
tals.

Karnala, the Urge of Desire

Desire is feeling born of Gaia, one that pulls her children
toward one another. But desire twisted and aimed at per-
verted things, desire unfulfilled, is the province of this
Wyrm. It exults in the raw desire of others, turning it into
lust, and works to keep this lust ongoing. The frustration
built up by unfulfilled desire leads to violence, which this
Wyrm heartily devours.

Empress Aliara of the Maeljin is the main servitor of this
Wyrm. It e who is approached by the Black Spirals and
other minions to beg boons of lust.

Dorus, the Urge of Greed

This Urge manifests in human society in the forms of
rampant materialism, environmental destruction and boor-
ish talk-show hosts. Greed is what gives it sustenance. The
more its victims grasp for unnecessary and selfish goals,
the more powerful it becomes.

This Wyrm has worked to corrupt the ideals of most
societies, ensuring that some want more than others and are
willing to take it through violence. With the aid of Karnala,
the Urge of Desire, it instills useless and unnecessary wants
in victims. These take the form of fast food, fast cars and
dizzying fashion fads. To keep these things in their lives,
people are willing to sacrifice the environment and endan-
gered species. These natural things stand in the way of their
unnatural lusts.

Mahsstrac, the Urge of Power

This is one of the most powerful of the Urges, for it has
attained a stronghold on the minds of many homids, so
much so that it is attributed to human nature at times. A
whole branch of psychology and philosophy is dedicated to
the "will to power." The obsessive search for power is the
will of this Wyrm. Whole castes in society follow this Urge,
from politicians to businessmen to military dictators.

It has no particular Maeljin servant, for all Wyrm crea-
tures serve it by their natures. It needs no advocate — all
speak for it.

Abhorra, the Urge of Hatred

The sowing of bad blood is the province of this Urge.
Hatred is the source of its power. The more hate in the
world, the more alive this Urge becomes. This Wyrm builds
empires and then loses them through the intercession of
men of peace and understanding. It only gets angrier with
every loss.

Vengeance is also the child of this Wyrm; thus, even the
Garou succumb to its power. Every vendetta, every re-
venge pact gives power to the Urge of Hatred.

This Wyrm's goals are attended to by Lord Steel of the
Maeljin.

Angu, the Urge of Cruelty

This complex Wyrm is even more abstract than the other
Urges, but those who follow it know that it is more diverse
and likely to assume multiple shapes. Cruelty comes in
many forms, from mental abuse to physical torture. The
true power of this Wyrm comes from cruelty enacted for
"the common good," when ideals are put aside and per-
verted for cruel purposes. The Urge of Lies also shares in
this feast.

Pain also feeds this Wyrm, and the more drawn out and
intentional, the tastier it is. Lady Aife is the chief voice of
this Urge.

Pseulak, the Urge of Lies

This Urge hides the truth and cloaks the universe ina veil
of falsehood and illusion. Hypocrisy is its chief weapon,
and many Native Americans came to know it through the
"forked tongues" of the Europeans. When someone lies, he
not only destroys a part of the world, he feeds this Wyrm.

The Maeljin Maine DuBois is the servant of this Urge.
His council ensures that even the minions of the Wyrm lie
and cheat among each other. Kirijama, the Incarna Bane
totem of the Black Spirals, is the best intercessor for
mortals who seek boons of Pseulak.

Sykora, the Urge of Paranoia

This Wyrm is allied with the Urges of Fear and Hatred.
Together, they create an atmosphere of suspicion around
their victims, and soon the victims live in a world of
paranoia and mistrust, convinced that everyone is "out to
get" them. This Urge has even subverted the Garou, and
intertribal conflict usually arises from this Wyrm's machi-
nations. The current distrust of the Uktena is perhaps the
work of this entity.

Doge Klypse of the Maeljin sometimes aids this Wyrm.

Gree, the Urge of Despair

This Urge has contaminated many hearts. Its touch
evokes an overwhelming sadness and feeling of loss which
prevents many from continuing their struggle for a better
existence. To them, all is despair and sorrow. This Urge is
believed to be the cause of Harano, the Garou name for the
crippling despair that affects even the greatest of heroes.

66 Book of the Wyrm


The Nameless Angel of Despair is the Maeljin servitor
of this Wyrm. Some believe the Nameless Angel is the
Wyrm itself, cloaked in a guise perceptible to others, so
strong is its sense of self. It is rumored that, of all the Urge
Wyrms, only Despair has the semblance of a mind.

Lethargg, the Urge of Apathy

This Wyrm is thought to be a sub-thought or child of
Despair. Instead of sorrow, it brings apathy, an uncaring
attitude. It is apathy which has infected many of the homid
masses of the suburbs and prevented them from acting
against the growing corruption. By making its victims
aware of the growing pestilence, and convincing them that
nothing can be done, this Wyrm wins much power from
their blasé despair.

Lord Thurifuge is the mastermind behind much of this
Urge's success.

The Elemental Wyrms

Besides the Triatic Wyrms and the Urges, there are also
Wyrm counterparts to each of the elements. It is said that
they are made of the excretions of the Primal Wyrm. There
are four of them, each a twisted mockery of one of the four
primal elements.

These Wyrms have no mind; they are but physical
substances. As such, they are used by servitors and minions
ofthe other Wyrms for their own uses. They spawn Jagglings
and Gafflings to act as elemental spirits. The Black Spirals
have named them, but they do not heed these names when
called.

Hoga (Smog)

This is the twisted representation of the element Air. The
noxious fumes emitted by this entity are unbreathable by
any. It manifests itself on earth through poisonous factory
fumes, smog and the smoke of burning toxic materia

Lord Choke is the Maeljin who has mastered the Smog
Wyrm. Any wishing to partake of its powers must do so by
arrangement with him.

Furmas (Balefire)

This is the dark flame, the twisted element of Fire. The
toxic balefires which glow at the center of the earth are the
body of this Wyrm. All balefire comes from it. Some
powerful Black Spirals can summon it and shape it, but
only Kerne of the Maeljin can truly master it.

Hrugg (Sludge)

This is the Wyrm counterpart to the element of Earth.
H'rugg is said to be the worst part of the Wyrm's leavings.
It manifests in toxic dump sites. It is a corrosive substance
that turns anything it touches into further sludge. It is
devoid of any nutrient. Rumor has it that Pentex, through
the aid of a Black Spiral, has harnessed this Wyrm and is
planning to hit the market with a cooking batter that, when
properly mixed, will result in the manifestation of the
Sludge Wyrm. Lord Collum serves this foul Wyrm.

Chapter Four 67


shaa (Toxins)

The dark shadow of the element Water. Pure deadly
poison, this toxic Wyrm flows in many different sub-
stances. No matter its form, it is poisonous to all. The worst
of the dangerous street drugs are the very body of this
Wyrm, its Eucharist. Lady Yul of the Maeljin has mastery
over it, and the flood of poisoned over-the-counter drugs is
her doing.

Beliefs About the Wyrm

"A dream to some...to others a nightmar

— Merlin, from the film Excalibur

The Garou

"Sit still and listen, fool. You think you are strong and
can bestall in your path. Ha! You know nothing yet of what
confronts you...you have not smelled the Wyrm. Wait until
its minions sink their talons into your tender flesh; then you
will scream for your mother and curse yourself for the fool
you are!

"You must beware what others will tell you. They willlie.
They will try to say that the Wyrm is many, and that not all
are equally corrupt. Phaw! Listen not to these idiots! The

Wyrm is the Wyrm, and all its manifestations are evil! They
eat away at Gaia with many mouths, and she screams in
slow agony.

Your mother is in pain, fool! Are you going to aid her, or
sit there contemplating the Wyrm's enigmas? Get up!
Fight!"

Gaia's defenders are well aware of the Wyrm and its
horrible influence on the world. It is their duty to rage
against its corruption. They are Gaia's last line of defense,
and the perimeter has been breached.

To the Garou, the Wyrm is one being, although they
recognize that it has many faces. But these faces are
believed to be its method of subterfuge, a way of fooling its
followers into acting as it wishes. They think they see
beyond its disguises to the One Wyrm behind it all. To the
Garou, the stench of the Wyrm means one thing: evil, no
matter the shape in which it comes.

The Black Spiral Dancers

"Ahh... listen...listen to your beating heart. In the throb-
bing of your blood in your ears, you can hear It. Its
undulations in the dark. It is our master, our father.

"Our mother was weak, and she would give us no boons.
Us, her favored children! We suffered as all the rest of Her
creatures did, we who were better than all. But the Wyrm
showed us a truer path, a way to power that reflected our
superiority. One look in the mirror and we knew.
knew that only the mad survive.

yes, we

"Know this, a secret that is ours: the Wyrm is Many. It
is fractured just as we. Mad and wailing, It comes to us as
many. Choose one and serve it well, and power will be

Book of the Wyrm


yours. Destroy any who doubt that your Wyrm is the True
Wyrm! Yes, there are many, but the one that
only One...

"Does this confuse you? Good...a paradox is good for
the mind. But one is not enough. No, there must be paradox
upon paradox, until the mind cracks under their weight!
Only a broken mind is free to roam! Only the shattered soul
can encompass All!

The Black Spiral Dancers long ago turned from Gaia and
melded their fates with the Wyrm. All the Black Spirals are
mad to a degree, insane from their first glance at the pure
Corruption. Of course, they see themselves as the only truly
enlightened Garou, scoffing at others such as the Stargaz-
ers, who pretend to seek mystic truths when the Black
Spirals have discovered the truth.

yours is the

The Black Spiral Dancers believe the Wyrm to be many
creatures, a plurality they call the Hydra, the many faces of
the Wyrm. The Wyrm's manifestations vie with each other
for mastery of the Balance. The Black Spirals realize the
most effective way to personal power is to ally with one of
the Wyrms and pray for its eventual victory over the others.

Pentex, Inc.

Greetings, gentlemen. Let's get right down to business.
It has come to the attention of this CEO that not all of our
employees have been equally briefed in need-to-know in-
formation concerning our Benefactors. This should be

rectified, as many of our upcoming interests will depend
upon well-educated decisions from our key branch heads.

"Before you is a briefing folder, a copy of which is to be
distributed throughout your divisions as you deem neces-
sary. Let me sum up from the enclosed repor

"The entities which guide us are to be referred to in all
documents as our Benefactors. Each member of the board
in Pentex, Inc. is responsible for carrying out the purposes
of one of these Benefactors.

"Tt is realized that this causes the company to work at
'-purposes at times, which is wi
munication is si sions must report to the
CEO. The penalty for a division not reporting its activities,
routinely and accurately, is covered in the Pentex Charter,
Section 5b, para. 13. Needless to say, there is no second
chance in the case of a misunderstandin;

cro:

1y interdivisional com-

gentlemen, sO

please ensure that you stay on top of this matter at all times.

"Thank

Pentex is a multinational corporate holding company
whose purpose is to further the goal of the Wyrm in the
Realm. Not all the employees of Pentex are aware of this
inister purpose. Only those in positions of power, or who
need to know," have been gifted with the knowledge of the
Wyrm.

you. This meeting is hereby closed."

The Board of Directors is the group that heads Pentex's
operations. As such, its members are privy to many of the
Wyrm's secrets. Each member of the Board answers to one
of the heads of the Hydra.

Pentex has a good grasp of what is really going on with
the Wyrm. However, even it is unaware of how fractious
the Wyrm has become. The various manifestations which
guide the board members are working at cross-purposes,
and the internal conflict is building. An outside agent who
knew what was going on could probably cripple the com-
pany by correctly using this information.

Humans

Humans are the puppets of the Wyrm in its attempt to
corrupt Gaia. Ignorance is the key to its control. The petty
desires, such as wealth, power and lust, are the strings with
of humanity.

The Garou are partially to blame for this. During the
Impergium, the fear engendered into humanity caused
humans to grasp desperately at what little power they
could, to allay their primal fears. Humanity's unbalanced
quest for power, security and control is ultimately the doing
of the Garou.

which it controls the mas

Humans are ignorant of the Wyrm and its devices upon
them.

Mages

"It seems to me that the matter of the Wyrm can be
resolved rather quickly. It is a cosmological concept of that
dying race known as the Garou, popularly referred to as
werewolves.

Chapter Four 69


rhe Wyrm is their image of corruption. It is their
primitive psyches' personification of the abstract process
of entropy. These animistic beings see all things as living
entities with personalities. Reason, however, shows us a
more holistic look.

intropy is a raw fact of the universe. There is no use
denying it. The Garou, who are dying out through the
natural course of evolution, seek to blame this process on
a particular being; they seek windmills against which to
tilt. But one cannot fight entropy, only hope to divert it by
willfully creating new channels for life.

"Tt is true that, as the millennium approaches, entropy
is increasing. The Garou have instinctively perceived this,
and represent it as the growing power of the Wyrm. Admit-
tedly, this does give them some small power to fight against
an otherwise confusing abstraction, by giving it a face..."

The mages, magicians of power and note, all have their
own opinions about the Wyrm. Mages are a varied and
individualistic lot, and each mage may have his or her own
secrets concerning the Wyrm. However, some of the more
"rational" among them subscribe to the above opinion.

Vampires

"Curse those furry beasts! How dare they speak to me
so, as if I were a devil from the pit itself! I barely survived

that one.

Book of the Wyrm

"You know, it is quite racist of them. I mean, believing
that we are all, a priori, "corrupt." And this Wyrm thing
they speak of! Just what the hell is that anyway? If you ask
me, it's all some sort of fear of sex sublimation.

"I mean, really! Running around in the woods on all
fours when they could be sitting in a nice cafe like this
sipping whatever the hell it is they like to drink, and talking
to a beautiful young one like you.

The Damned, as the younger vampires call themselves,
suffer the brunt of much of the Garou's hatred. The major-
ity of Kindred have never heard of the Wyrm, and are
mystified as to why the Lupines (Garou) hate them so
much.

Of all the vampire clans, the Gangrel know the most
about werewolf beliefs, and some of them have discovered
why the Garou hate them. Most vampires scoff at the Garou
belief that all Kindred are the Wyrm's corrupt children, but
others recognize a tragic truth in this.

Most vampires care little for Garou concerns, especially
about a barbaric subject like the Wyrm. Those who are
interested in the idea are attracted to it, seeing it as a
fascinating potential model for their "damned" personali-
ties.


Current Activities

The various manifestations of the Wyrm are continu-
ously involved in their own sinister plots to corrupt the
Tellurian. They rarely work together, and even then their
effectiveness is cut short by their own anger and infighting.

The Wyrm is most dangerous when its forces are rallied
by its intelligent followers, such as the Maeljin Incarna, the
Committee of Malfeas, or the Board of Directors of Pentex.
The Garou always have a fight on their hands when these
forces mobilize.

The Wyrms described in this chapter are meant to
provide background for the dark Gothic-Punk environment
of Werewolf. These things should not be encountered as
creatures. The Wyrms are the forces which guide the hands
of the plotters and backstabbers. They are in the shadows as
the supreme archons making the world into a living hell.
These forces cannot be met face to face; they are far too
broad and powerful. Only through their servants can they
be combated.

Nonetheless, the legends persist. It is said that the
greatest of Garou heroes will finally battle the Wyrms
themselves at the Edge of the Worlds on the day of Apoca-

lypse.

Chapter Four


Book of the Wyrm


Besides the Black Spiral Dancers, many other creatures
lurk beneath the surface of Gaia. Most of these creatures are
members of species created by the Wyrm centuries upon
centuries ago. Occasionally one of these creatures oozes to
the surface, eating and destroying everything in its path.
Most remain in their lairs, however, content to await the
day of the Wyrm's triumph, when they can cast their evil
shadows upon the land once more.

The Black Spiral Dancers have learned to avoid or
appease the appetites of these creatures. The Wyrm-serv-

ing Garou often capture unsuspecting humans and bring
them below to feed the hunger of these dark denizens.

It is also rumored that ancient lost cities exist below the
earth, and are home to many of these Wyrm-spawned
monsters. These cities are said to be filled with strange
races of Garou and homid-like creatures. They are also said
to be overflowing with gold, diamonds, and other precious
metals and stones of the earth. Who knows if any of these
old tales are true?

Chapter Five 73


The Black Spiral Dancers are the descendants of the
Garou tribe that turned to the Wyrm. They are among the
meanest and nastiest of all the Garou, even compared tothe
Get of Fenris and the Red Talons.

The Black Spirals were once the White Howlers, a tribe
of Garou living in Scotland. They fell to the Wyrm while
trying to drive an infestation of corruption from their land?
Over the centuries, they have grown vicious and frighten-
ingly mad. To this day, they hunger for the night when all
their enemies kneel before them so they can rip their hearts
out.

As servants of the Wyrm, the Black Spirals are consid-
ered completely and unredeemably evil by all other Garou.

Bane Totem: Whippoorwill

Initial Willpower: 3

Backgrounds: They receive 4 Background points which
can be applied to any Backgrounds except Pure Breed.

Beginning Gifts: Bane Protector, Sense Wyrm, Shroud

Wolf Form: They roughly resemble other Garou; how-
ever, the jaws and heads of their Crinos forms are huge and
slavering, resembling those of hyenas, while their ears are
hairless and pointed like those of bats. Their eyes are huge
and round, glowing with a red or green luminescence,
while their fur is patchy and usually either albino-white or
grayish-green. Their human forms are usually twisted and
deformed, but some are quite beautiful.

Organization: While they are organized along the lines
of the other Garou tribes, there are major differences: they
follow their own Litany, they call their septs Hives, and
they allow Garou-to-Garou interbreeding. They have moots
once a month, gathering as many as two or three Hives on
occasion.

Habitat: Dwelling in underground caverns called Pits,
the Black Spirals exist in a dark, dank world that no homid
has ever seen and lived to describe. The Black Spirals travel
the underworld, seldom seeing the light of day. Living
among bizarre creatures of the Wyrm, the Black Spirals
find sanctuary from their enemies, the other Garou.

Protectorate: The Black Spirals protect the under-
ground labyrinths that riddle the earth. They are servants of

74

Black Spiral Dancers

Book of the Wyrm

the Wyrm and as, such protect Pentex and other useful
destroyers of the environment.

Quote: "I shall see my enemies perish in agony, but
before theyexpire I shall gnaw open their children's throats
before their eyes. am the warrior of the Wyrm!"
Gribal Gifts

These are the Gifts that the Wyrm bestows upon the
members of the Black Spiral Dancers after they survive the
Dance of the Black Spiral, the rite of passage for the tribe.

Bane Protector (Level One) — This Gift allows a
Black Spiral to summon any nearby Banes to come and
help her. The Banes may resist, but as long as the Black
Spiral is acting in the best interest of the Wyrm, the Banes
will be inclined to help her. They will even fight for her if
possible, but they will never allow themselves to be de-
stroyed. The use of this gift requires the expenditure of one
Gnosis point and a roll of Manipulation + Leadership.

Sense Wyrm (Level One) — Same as the Metis Gift.

Shroud (Level One) — Same as the Uktena Gift.

Howl of the Banshee (Level Two) — Same as the
Fianna Gift.

Ears of the Bat (Level Two) — This Gift enables the
Black Spiral Dancer to use sonar like a bat, enabling him to
sense objects and foes even in total darkness.

Wyrm Hide (Level Two) — This Gift allows the Black
Spiral to transform her skin, in any form, into one that is
orange, tough, leathery, smelly, and covered in lumps. The
hide grants the Black Spiral three additional points of
Stamina for soaking damage. Any attack that penetrates the
skin causes a bluish pus to run from the lumps.

Unseelie Faerie Kin (Level Three) — The Black Spiral
can call upon his faerie kinfolk, just as with the Fianna Gift,
but the kin are all Unseelie faeries, those of the dark,
mischievous and malicious Court of the Fey.

Patagia (Level Three) — The Dancer has flaps of skin
under her arms like a pterodactyl or flying squirrel (even in
human form), and may glide at 25 mph.

Foaming Fury (Level Three) — The Garou's mouth
bubbles with a greenish fluid. Anyone bitten must roll
Stamina + 4 (difficulty 8) or fly into a rabid frenzy.


Crawling Poison (Level Four) — This Gift coats the
Black Spiral's fangs and claws with a viscous toxin that
inhibits the Garou' s regenerative powers when itis injected
into them via claw or bite; the effects last one hour for each
success the Black Spiral scores on a Gnosis roll against the
victim's Stamina + 4.

Doppleganger (Level Four) — Same as the Glass
Walker gift.

Balefire (Level Five) — The Black Spiral can hurl
spheres of sickly green flame at her opponent. If she hits (by
rolling Dexterity + Athletics and comparing the results to
the Firearms chart), the victim must roll Stamina + 4 and
match or exceed the Black Spiral's number of successes. If
he fails, he will be mutated in some way as decided by the
Storyteller. These mutations are always harmful, and each

success on the Black Spiral's roll is treated as a level

of aggravated damage for the purpose of deter-

mining the length of convalescence.

Totem-form (Level Five) —
N This Gift allows a

. J)

Black

Spiral to take on the appearance of his pack's Bane-totem.
The Garou has all the powers of the Bane-totem, and the
Garou even changes in appearance to look exactly like the
Bane. The powers and limitations placed on the Black
Spiral vary greatly, so it is up to the Storyteller to specify
the exact effects of this Gift. It costs one point of Willpower
and it requires a transformation roll as if the Garou were
changing into another Garou form (Stamina + Primal-
Urge, difficulty 7). It takes six seconds to make the shift.

Gifts by Auspice

The Black Spirals have received many new and strange
powers from the spiritual servants of the Wyrm. The
following additional Gifts are only available to Black
Spiral Dancers.

Ragabash:

Touch of the Eel (Level Three) — This Gift enables the
Black Spiral to release a current of electricity through any
conductive material. In addition, if the Black Spiral is
touched in any way, the attacker receives a charge. It costs
one point of Rage per use of this power. The electricity has
an effective range of 30 yards if transmitted through a
conductor. The current does three Health Levels (aggra-
vated; difficulty 7).

Theurge:
Blood Omen (Level Two) — This allows the Black

Spiral Theurge to utilize the age-old art of prophecy by

reading" the innards of freshly killed creatures. While a
Garou or homid is an especially accurate medium, any
warm-blooded creature will do. An Intelligence +
Enigmas roll (difficulty 9) is required to discover
S some glimpse of the future. The difficulty is
reduced to seven if a Garou, wolf or homid is
D) ‘used. The more successes, the more
oD. detailed and accurate the information.
This Gift requires the expenditure of one
Gnosis point.

fi) Philodox:

Smell Fear (Level One) — This
Gift allows the Black Spiral to know if
anyone in the surrounding area feels threat-
ened by her and the degree to which the
target feels threatened. It also lets her
P GEE know if anyone uses Sense Wyrm on her.
& Smell Fear requires a Perception + Em-
Z pathy roll versus a difficulty equal to the
target's Willpower.
A Thousand Voices (Level Two) — This
Gift allows the Black Spiral Philodox to create
WZ illusory sounds to make it seem as though there are
a multitude of Black Spirals in the area. This Gift
evokes such things as howls, crackling leaves and even
illusory scents of many other Black Spirals. The sounds are

Chapter Five 75


always appropriate to the surroundings. One illusory Black
Spiral is represented for every point of Willpower the
Black Spiral currently possesses. The Black Spiral's oppo-
nent may roll Perception + Alertness versus a difficulty
based on the surroundings (in a dense forest 9, on a city
street 7, in the desert 2) to determine whether he believes
the sounds and smells to be real.

Galliard:

Allies Below (Level Three) — The Black Spiral is able
to give a howl that causes the very earth to tremble. The
Wyrm creatures far below the surface can sense the use of
this power and they will cause tremors of various sizes. The
effects can vary. Individuals, including the Black Spiral,
who have not adequately braced themselves will fall down.
It is possible for buildings to collapse, underground tunnels
to cave in, and large objects (such as trees, walls or sliding
rocks) to fall on top of people. It costs two Gnosis points to
release a howl of this nature.

Ahroun:

Horns of the Impaler (Level Two) — This Gift endows
the Black Spiral with a pair of antlers or horns which may
be used for goring. The antlers are usually black or green.
They do damage as a bite and give the Garou an extra
attack. Charging increases the number of Health Levels
inflicted by two, but only one attack may be made.

Rend Reality (Level Five) —The Black Spiral Ahroun
has the power to tear a rift in reality with her claws, causing
a nexus of entropy. In the area of effect, Banes are consid-
ered to be Materialized, though it does not require any
Power expenditure on their part. The area will appear as if
the sky and landscape has been torn apart, revealing a
swirling world of chaos beyond the ragged tatters. The area
is charged with entropic force — any damage rolls gain a
two-dice bonus while in the area of effect. Any attempt to
"step sideways" can kill the Garou foolish enough to try it.
The Garou trying to "step sideways" must make a Gnosis
roll (difficulty 9) to avoid seven Health Levels of aggra-
vated damage. The use of this power lasts for one scene.
Evocation of this Gift costs three Gnosis points and re-
quires a Gnosis roll; each success enables a 10-foot radius
to be rent. Any attempt to physically enter or exit the
affected area requires a roll of the individual' s Intelligence
+ Enigmas (difficulty 8).

Cotems of Cunning
The Whippoorwill

Background Cost: 6

The Whippoorwill Bane-totem is a Bane who formed
itself into the image of the bird called the Whippoorwill.
The bird itself is a nocturnal creature of North America.
The Bane-totem which took its form is much larger in size,
but appears very rarely. As a pack totem, its Background
Cost is 6 and it is a Bane-totem of Cunning. The Whippoor-
will grants its bastards the ability to imitate all birds. It also

Book of the Wyrm


allows them +2 to Perception for all attempts to see or move
about at night.

Ban: The Whippoorwill bans its bastards from harming
any bird. It also requires a moot in its honor twice per year.
Kirijama, "Che Hidden Foe'

Background Cost: 7

Kirijama is the hidden enemy. It has no manifested form
that can be perceived by human or Garou. Some believe
that Kirijama does not even exist, but the powers it grants
its bastards prove otherwise.

Bastards gain the Gift: Invisibility and also gain one die
to their Stealth Dice Pool.

Ban: Bastards must never become famous, making it
hard for them to rise in Rank. Many circumvent this by
gaining Renown and then disappearing from view for a
while until they are forgotten.

Cotems of Strength
The Green (Dragon

Background Cost: 9

The Green Dragon is a powerful Bane spirit, but only
grants its alliance to those who have proven themselves. It
is considered a totem of Strength.

The Green Dragon is a symbol of the Wyrm's power. It
is the destroyer of life and the crusher of enemies. With its

green fiery breath it scorches the earth. It grants the same
fiery breath to its bastards. The flame burst may be used up
to three times per day. The flame is as hot as a chemical fire
(difficulty 9), and inflicts two Health Levels of damage, as
if it were a bonfire.

Bans: Bastards of the Green Dragon have no bans, but
they must not be cowards.

The Bat

Background Cost: 4

The bat is the dark flyer of the night, the vermin who
feeds unseen in the night hours. The bat instills terror in the
hearts of the superstitious and cowardly. The Bat totem
gives its bastards extra ability with both the Patagia and
Ears of the Bat Gifts — subtract two from any flight or
sonar difficulties. Bat bastards also receive one extra die to
any Intimidation, Stealth and Survival rolls.

Ban: Bastards must not harm bats, and must sleep
hanging upside down.

Hakaken, "Che Heart of Fear"

Background Cost: 9

Hakaken is a Bane Incarna who appears as a Tyranno-
saurus-crab hybrid. It has a huge, slavering mouth.

Hakaken was a great Ahroun of the Shadow Lords who
became corrupted by his pride and is now an Incarna of the
Wyrm. Hakaken's Gifts are those of fear and the madness

Chapter Five 77


caused by it. Paranoia and phobias are tools that minions of
Hakaken use against their foes.

Hakaken grants its bastards the Gifts: True Fear and Icy
Chill of Despair. Its bastards gain one die to their Intimida-
tion Dice Pools.

Ban: Bastards must instill fear in their foes before
slaying them.

Cotems of Corruption
The Dark Fungus

Background Cost: 3

The Dark Fungus is a plant spirit found in the Umbral
counterpart to the underground tunnel systems of the Black
Spirals. The Dark Fungus gives its bastards one extra die to
Enigmas and Occult Dice Pools.

It hovers over growing mushrooms, manifesting in them
and producing powerful psychoactive substances. Only its
bastards may partake of these. They use them as sacra-
ments, gaining incredible insight at the cost of their already
fractured sanity. Eating the plant requires a Stamina roll
against a difficulty of (15 - the ingestor's Gnosis; maxi-
mum 10). Failure means that a Derangement is gained, but
success gives the ingestor the Gift: Pulse of the Invisible.

Ban: Bastards must tend growing mushrooms wherever
they find them.

Relshab, "Che Faceless Eater"

Background Cost: 10

Relshab is a Bane Incarna that manifests as a huge man-
shaped form, covered in rolls of flesh which crawl and
ripple in sickly waves. Where the face should be there is
only a mass of fat. Its right arm is a tube which it uses to
consume its prey. It can suck nearly anything in and digest
it in its stomach furnace.

Relshab grants his children the gift of "eating" their
opponents' Traits, through the Gift: Whelp Body.

Ban: Bastards must eat everything put before them.

Glouogh, "Dance of Corruption'

Background Cost: 15

Little is known of the origin of G'louogh, although its
relation to the Nexus Crawler is self-evident. G'louogh
manifests as an everchanging ball of horrors, continually
forming and re-forming vile shapes, and will frequently
spawn Jagglings and Gafflings by "budding" them off its
manifested form. Some of the most powerful creatures that
G'louogh spawns are Nexus Crawlers.

G' louogh grants its bastards the Gift: Fabric of the Mind.

Book of the Wyrm

Ban: Bastards must never support the status quo, and
must be capricious in their behavior.

The Abyss Leapers

Provided here is a sample pack of Black Spiral Dancers,
the Abyss Leapers, which operates out of New York City.
Feel free to use the pack however you wish for any locale.

The pack is actually 10 strong; the four not covered here
rarely leave the sewer burrow. The totem of the pack is the
Bat.

Gamush the Hell Roarer

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Expression 3, Intimidation 5, Primal-Urge 5, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 2, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Leadership 4, Stealth 3,
Survival 4, Enigmas 3, Linguistics (Pictish) 1, Occult 2,
Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2 (Pentex)

Gifts: Shroud, Create Element, Mindspeak, Burrow,
Howl of the Banshee, Ears of the Bat, Patagia, Foaming
Fury, Allies Below (see above)

Rage 10, Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

Rank: 3

Renown: Power 25,000, Cunning 15,000, Infamy 18,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication

Fetishes: Banesword, Wyrm-wood, Wyrm-Gut Bonds

Image: A disgusting werewolf with oily black fur and
eyes that spit fire. His patagia are torn in places, making
them look like ragged sheets.

Roleplaying Notes: You hate everything. Anything you
think about for more than a few seconds becomes the object
of your ire. Your rage knows no bounds.

Background: Gamush was born angry. He ripped his
way, wailing, out of his mother's womb. The rest of the

tribe looked on in horror as he crawled to the underground
lake, desperate for sustenance. But the brackish water
was not mother's milk, and Gamush would have died were

it not for Kleka the Vole, who took pity upon him. She
allowed him to suck at her teat. Ever after, Gamush
loved only Kleka, even after he tore her apart in
one of his mad rages.

Gamush is the leader of the Abyss Leapers, a
pack roaming the sewers under New York City.
He is a mad and crazed Garou, and the others

follow him out of fear, but also out of some respect for
his "divine" madness. One of his particular madnesses
manifests as klazomania, an obsessive need to shout.

Horlaq

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 4, Firearms 2, Melee 4, Lead-
ership 2, Stealth 3, Enigmas 1, Linguistics (Pictish) 1,
Occult 1

Backgrounds: none

Gifts: Bane Protector (see above), Smell of Man, Razor
Claws, Wyrm Hide (see above), True Fear, Silver Claws,
Foaming Fury

Rage 9, Gnosis 4, Willpower 7

Rank: 3

Renown: Power 25,000, Cunning 6,000, Infamy 7,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Wyrm Fang Dagger (real), Dragon's Ichor,
revolver with silver bullets

Image: In wolf form, Horlaq is impressive. He is large,
with a powerfully built and well-defined body. His jowls
are very short and stubby, giving him an almost bulldog-
like face. His coat is a dark charcoal-gray with a slightly
greenish hue when light hits it. In homid form, Horlaq
stands over 6'6" and weighs over 250 pounds. He prefers to
wear leather and denim, dressing like a biker. He has battle
scars all over his body, of which he is very proud.

Chapter Five 79


Roleplaying Notes: You are the top dog of the pack,
next to Gamush, and do not let anyone forget it. You are not
really arrogant, you are just proud, and you have a right to
be. You could throat anyone in the pack — except Gamush.
You are the first to rush into battle to save a comrade and
the first to criticize cowards.

Background: Horlaq is a survivor. He has seen many
pack brothers born and die, yet he remains. He was trained
to be a warrior by his father, a Kinfolk, who was trained by
his father, and so has it always been. While he was not born
under the full moon, it was the full moon that he chose. A
little over five years ago, Horlaq tried to take the pack away
from Gamush, but was soundly beaten. He has since been
loyal to Gamush.

During his rite of passage, Horlaq realized that he should
have been born female. He has feelings of a very feminine
nature (to his mind at least). He knows this must not be
discovered by others, so he overcompensates to hide it,
acting the part of the bullying Ahroun to the hilt.

Phorx

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Theurge

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Empathy 4, Expression 2,
Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 3, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, Melee 2,
Stealth 2, Computer 3, Enigmas 4, Investigation 1, Linguistics 3,
Occult 4, Politics 2, Rituals 4, Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources |

Gifts: Sense Wyrm, Mother's Touch, Create Element,
Command Spirit, Name the Spirit

Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Rank; 2

Renown: Power 5,000, Cunning 11,000, Infamy 6,000

Rites: Rite of Talisman Dedication, Rite of Binding,
Rite of Spirit Awakening, Rite of Summoning, Rite of the
Fetish, Rite of the Opened Bridge

Fetishes: Bane Lantern, Deathrattler, Bean Bane, heavy
pistol

Image: Phorx is a nasty-looking creature in wolf form.
Her fur is a mottled coat of gray, green, rust-brown and
black. This gives her an advantage of one extra die when
trying to camouflage herself in the forest or the sewer
waters of her home tunnel. She has huge ears that stand up
high on her head. Her tail has no fur whatsoever. Her eyes
glow a lambent green. In homid form she keeps her head
shaved bald. She wears casual clothing of whatever style is
currently popular among the homids. She has a number of
tattoos on her arms; these can barely be seen below the fur
on her forelegs in wolf form.

Roleplaying Notes: You look out for yourself first and
foremost. You like homids, so unlike many Black Spirals,
you walk among them in homid form whenever possible.

Background: Phorx was born to members of another
Hive. She was traded in an exchange of goodwill and
property. The other Hive received a couple of talens for her.
Phorx did not like life among the new Hive at first, but she
slowly came to accept them as her people. She has since
becomea very valuable member of the Hive (the Dank Well
Sept of the Adirondacks). Phorx joined with the Abyss
Leapers upon the pack's formation.

Phorx has an odd Derangement. She believes that tattoos
are alive and can speak to her through their movements as
the muscles beneath them flex and undulate. She spends
long hours alone trying to glean wisdom from her own
tattoos, and believes she has discovered some truths from
them. If she encounters an enemy with many tattoos, she
will try to capture him and interrogate his tattoos.

Crooked Tooth, "Doodledog'

Tribe: Fianna

Breed: Lupus

Auspice: Ragabash

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Expression 2, Intimi ion 2, Primal-Urge 4, Animal Ken 3,
Drive 1, Melee 2, Stealth 4, Survival 4, Enigmas 2, Linguistics
(Gaelic) 1, Medicine 1, Occult 1

Backgrounds: Past Life 2, Pure Breed 2

Gifts: Heightened Senses, Blur of the Milky Eye, Resist
Toxin, Leap of the Kangaroo

Rage 3, Gnosis 6, Willpower 4

Rank: |

Renown: Power 2,500, Cunning 5,000, Infamy 3,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Spirit Tracer, Klaive

Image: Doodledog was born to the Fianna,so his wolf
form is very much like theirs. However, his ruddy brown
hide bears splotches of black all over it. This only adds to
the beauty of his appearance. In human form Doodledogis
aslender, handsome young man. He has long reddish-black
hair and he prefers to dress in jeans ‘and»T-shirts.

Roleplaying Notes: You like to sing as you do things,
even if it is rather bad singing. The rest of the packihates it,
and would knock you around except for the strange fact that
Gamush loves the out-of-tune songs.

Background: You are a Ragabash; at least that is what
your first tribe, the Fianna, told you. You wanted to become
a Moon Dancer, but would they let you? No. So you
allowed yourself to listen to that Black Spiral as he prom-
ised you anything you wanted. Before you knew it, your
tribe was trying to kill you as a traitor to Gaia. You had no
choice but to join the Black Spirals. They haven't let you
become a Moon Dancer either.

If you could, you would leave your new pack and tribe
and make a new life, but this will never happen. You would

80 Book of the Wyrm

= ——E————

"Wie

—— lr t~™"

> ae

not make it 10 miles before they came to gut you for being
a traitor:

Kabula

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Abilities: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 3,
Expression 4, Primal-Urge 2, Animal Ken 3, Drive 2,
Etiquette 2, Melee 2, Leadership 3, Repair 4, Computer 3,
Enigmas 4, Investigation 2, Law 3, Politics 4, Science 3

Backgrounds; Allies 3, Contacts 4, Resources 3, Rites 2,
Totem 2

Gifts: Persuasion, Razor Claws, Sense Wyrm, Wyrm
Hide (see above), Staredown

Rage 8, Gnosis 6, Willpower 7

Rank: 2

Renown: Power 13,000, Cunning 5,000, Infamy 5,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Warshirt of the Wyrm, Goblin Ale,
Klaive, heavy pistol

Image: In lupus form, Kabula is a chalk-white
wolf. She drools more than the other members of the
pack, and she has a number of terrible scars across her
chest. She is blind in one eye from a fight with a Get of
Fenris. In homid form she has short blond hair. She
generally wears black clothing and she could pass for a
vampire, or at least a Blood Doll, because of her pallid
skin. She wears lots of silver jewelry.

Roleplaying Notes: You are high-strung and zealously
work toward whatever goals the pack has set for itself.

Background: Kabula was born homid. She lived in the
suburbs of upstate New York with her mom and dad. She
was a straight-A student throughout school. When she
entered college she became active in the animal rights
movement. While at a protest against the Aesop Research
Company, she met Horlaq, who asked her to go with him to
lunch. He kidnapped the young woman at gunpoint.They
drove all day to the Hive. That night she underwent the
Dance of the Black Spiral-and survived. She readily ac-
cepted her new life. The rite of passage destroyed part of
her sanity and made her a willing servant of the Wyrm.

She is Gamush's chief rival for leadership of the pack,
though'she does not realize how little support she has in this
endeavor. Nonetheless, her manic Derangement keeps her
striving.

Chapter Five

Ffoeg S'sap

Breed: Metis

Auspice: Philodox

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Empathy 2,
Primal-Urge 3, Streetwise 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3,
Melee 2, Leadership 1, Performance 3, Stealth 3, Enigmas 1,
Linguistics 2, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Past Life 2, Resources 3, Totem 3

Gifts: Sense Wyrm, Resist Pain, Bane Protector (see
above), Call to Duty

Rage 7, Gnosis 3, Willpower 4

Rank: |

Renown: Power 2,000, Cunning 4,000, Infamy 6,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Devilwhip, Wyrm-wood

Image: In wolf form, F'foeg S' sap is dull gray, ranging
from light gray at his front legs to near-black at his tail. He
has an enormously oversized head and an overbite. His
lower jaw sticks out beyond his upper jaw. His head is
nearly hairless and his eyes glow a fiery red. Inhuman form
he has short brown hair. He dresses in plain clothing,
usually jeans and T-shirts. He especially enjoys wearing
animal leathers.

Roleplaying Notes: You are proud and noble in stature.
You try to be a friend to all within the pack, and you put
great emphasis on making your pack the greatest of all
Black Spiral packs.

Background: F' foeg S'sap was born 13 winters ago to
a female metis of the Hive. He grew up listening to the
stories told by the Moon Dancers. He could recite the Black
Spiral Litany by age four. He even learned all he could
about the other Garou tribes and the Garou spiritual beliefs.
He became the very model of the proper Philodox. At age
11, he was given the rite of passage and accepted into the
tribe. Many speak of him as a potential pack leader, and
some believe he will one day lead the Hive itself.

F'foeg S'sap believes he has been chosen as the avatar
of the Defiler Wyrm, but he will not rub this in the rest of
the pack's faces — yet. Once he is strong enough, however,
all will grovel before him.

Most fomori are immune to the Delirium. The Wyrnt)
taint has erased the Veil. This is not the case with all of
them, and their immunity seems,to\depend onthe amount
of Wyrm taint within them. To ensure that its agents do not
seize up in terror when combating Garou, Pentex injects
them with a special serum which destroys the part of the
brain susceptible to the Delirium. Assume that all fomori
created by Pentex will not be affected.

Fomori Powers

The following is a brief list of some of the potential
powers available to fomori of the Wyrm. Most common
fomori have only three powers; some, however, have less
and some have many more. The fomori of
Pentex usually have three to five, in addi-
tion to Immu- nity to the Delirium.

Fomori

Book of the Wyrm

Body-barbs — Thefomor, has sharp, blade-like bone
growths Onits wrists, elbows, knees or feet. The size, shape,
number and placement of the barbs vary from fomor to fomor.
They allow the fomor to do two extra dice of damage on a
successful Brawl attempt (if the barbs are in the appropriate
location to be used). The damage caused by the barbs is
aggravated.

Exoskeleton — The fomor has a hard carapace covering
its body. Its texture usually resembles that of bone, with
many ridges, vein-like tubes, and odd shapes upon it. Its
coloration ranges from rust-red through dark-brown to oily
black. The exoskeleton grants the fomori +3 Strength and
+3 Stamina.

Extra Limbs — Fomori often have a number of extra
limbs, usually in the form of tentacles or masses of tendrils.
Thfomori with extra arms and legs
often possess them in awkward
places, such as an extra


arm on one of their thighs (see Werewolf, page 246).

Gaseous Form — The fomor is able to diffuse her body
into a gaseous state; this takes only three seconds. How-
ever, the fomor must expend a point of Willpower to
become gaseous and expend another point to become solid
again. The gaseous form remains cohesive even in a strong
wind. The fomor usually emits a horrible stench while in
this form.

Hide of the Wyrm — The fomor has a tough hide that
is very hard and leathery. The hide provides the fomor with
+3 Stamina for the purpose of soaking attacks. Some have
huge knots, scales, lumps and other disgusting features to
accompany the protection.

Infectious Touch — The fomor is able to cause fever
and sickness by her touch. The fomor must make flesh-to-
flesh contact with the victim. She must also expend one
point of Willpower and make a Willpower roll against the
target's Stamina +3. For each success, the victim takes one
wound level of aggravated damage. This damage heals at
the rate of one per week, during which time the victim feels
miserable.

Lashing Tail — This is similar to an extra limb, but it
cannot be used for precision work. It can be used as
a whip doing Strength + 2 damage. Striking with
the whip requires a Dexterity + Brawl roll (diffi-
culty 8).

Mega-Strength — The fomor has five additional points
of Strength.

Mouth of the Wyrm — This power allows the fomor to
swallow objects as large as a medium-sized dog or a small
person. Of course, the object must be within the grasp of the
fomor. If the creature serving as lunch is not dead when
swallowed, it may suffocate if it cannot somehow get out.
The fomor will digest the creature as food. All indigestible
parts (bones, shoes, glasses, etc.) will be eliminated nor-
mally.

Plasmic Form — This is similar to gaseous form, but it
allows the fomor to turn into a thick reddish-brown liquid
which can move about of its own free will. The liquid has
the same resistance to harm as the solid form, but it is
immune to kinetic attacks (knives, bullets, fists, claws,
etc.) Changing forms requires the expenditure of one Will-
power point and takes three seconds.

Roar of the Wyrm — The fomor is able to strike terror
into the hearts of all near her by issuing this guttural
scream. The fomor must make a Charisma + Intimidation
roll (difficulty of opponents' Willpower); if she succeeds,
the victim(s) must immediately flee, running as far and as
fast as possible to escape the fomor.

Stomach Pumper — The fomor is able to vomit forth all
she has recently eaten; furthermore, the regurgitated mass

is covered in acidic, slimy stomach juices. These jets have
an average range of 25 feet. A single blast (and a
fomor seldom has enough for more than
uch blasts) can cover a
single foe. Treat hitting
with the blast as if it
were a light pis-

y. tol. The attack
does two dice
of damage if

Chapter Five 83


it hits, and the victim must expend a point of Willpower to
keep from stopping whatever he is doing and starting to
gag.

Umbral Passage — The fomor is able to "step side-
ways" in and out of the Umbra just like a Garou.

Webbing — The fomor has a special gland over his
abdomen; the gland is about the size and shape of a football.
The organ has an orifice above the navel. The organ can be
used to create massive amounts of webbing similar to that
of a spider. The webbing is thicker than a spider's, almost
one inch in diameter, but it is very sheer and hard to see
from a distance without a Perception + Alertness roll
(difficulty 7). The fomor must learn how to utilize the
webbing (treat this as a new Skill, Web-Making). The
fomor may use it to seal off things, capture opponents, or
lower himself from high positions. The webbing has an
Armor of six and three Health Levels. It is extremely strong
and sticky, allowing the fomor to entrap his prey.

Enticers

She was lovely, more beautiful than any woman he had
ever seen. Larry stared at her, unable to look away and not
caring if he was spotted. Beside him, Annette was talking;
he tried to focus on her words, but the vision that ap-
proached dispelled all rational thought. She was coming
his way, moving through the smoky air of the nightclub and
ignoring the men that stared at her.

Annette wondered for amoment why Larry was ignoring
her, then she followed her mate's eyes away to the right.
Annette's voice faded as she saw the stunning man walking
toward the table. Her annoyance at Larry dissipated,
unable to withstand the raw sensuality that was approach-
ing her. Larry? Larry who?

The Enticer approached the table, content in the knowl-
edge that both of the werewolves were too busy staring at
its form to think about each other, or why they both felt
desire for the same creature. It smiled, certain that the
teeth seen by its prey were nothing like the barbed fangs it
bared as it casually strolled toward the couple. Soon they
would all leave the bar together, and then the true form
could be seen; then the death dance could begin anew.

The Enticers can effectively seduce any creature that
lives. Pheromones constantly excreted from the Enticer's
skin stimulate the pleasure centers of its prey while it pulls
images of perfection from the prey's mind.

Enticers do not like to fight; they will in fact avoid
physical confrontations if at all possible. Enticers prefer to
manipulate their prey into conflict with each other, often by
starting a fight over who can be with the Enticer, or by
simply leading them into an ambush of fomori. What the
Enticers enjoy more than anything else is leading Garou,
and other minions of Gaia, down the road to complete
corruption by the Wyrm.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2, Cha-
risma 6, Manipulation 6, Appearance 6, Perception 4,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

ba ay)

84 Book of the Wyrm


Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2 (bite; Str+1),
Dodge 2, Expression 2, Empathy 4, Subterfuge 5, Drive 1,
Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Performance 5, Survival 1, Com-
puters 1, Enigmas 1, Linguistics 2, Politics 1

Backgrounds: Enticers can have almost any of the
Backgrounds available, but all Enticers have at least a 3 in
Resources — their allowance from Pentex.

Powers: Enhancement: The Enticer can become any
living creature's ideal mate by scanning the target's mind.
The Enticer must make a Charisma + Empathy roll against
a difficulty equal to the opponent's Rage. Success means
that it has become that opponent's ideal mate in physical
appearance. If the Enticer fails, it simply appears as an
attractive individual. If the roll botches, the target will feel
uncomfortable in the Enticer's presence, sensing that the
Enticer desperately wants to be liked and needed.

Succubus Veil: this power requires a Manipulation +
Subterfuge Roll against the target's Wits + Primal-Urge. If
the Enticer is successful, the target is enthralled, wanting
nothing but to be with the Enticer whenever possible. If the
roll fails, the target still finds the Enticer attractive, but is
not enchanted by the Enticer's beauty. If the roll botches,
the target becomes aware that there is something decidedly
wrong with the Enticer, something very dangerous about
associating with the creature. For every scene in which the
Enticer is around its targets, it can attempt another roll: if
more than 10 cumulative successes are achieved, the target
will be fanatically enchanted by the Enticer, and will desire
to serve and protect the Enticer at any cost.

Rage 3, Gnosis 3, Willpower 5

Equipment: Enticers are always armed and have sharp,
barbed teeth. Enticers will also always have very expensive
clothes and cars.

Image: Without powers, these fomori appear as normal
humans save for the row of barbed teeth in their mouths.
However, they are rarely perceived except through the veil
of their Wyrm powers, which make them appear intensely
alluring.

Background: The Enticers are a form of fomori that are
rumored to have been created by Siren Cosmetics, a subsid-
iary of the Pentex Corporation. The process is simple
enough, and involves giving away a special "hypoallergenic"
supply of makeup to the winners of a yearly contest. The
winners of these contests each receive a one-year supply of
cosmetics that are guaranteed to attract the opposite sex.
The cosmetics change both the physical and mental percep-
tions of the "winners," seducing the individuals into a false
sense of happiness; the homids wearing these cosmetics
will indeed attract the opposite sex, but only because of the
unique glands that start covering the wearers' bodies within
a matter of a few days. The cosmetics also produce a
chemical reaction in the skin of the wearers, one that
stimulates adrenal glands and pleasure centers, making the
wearers feel happy without really knowing the reason.

The unique addictive qualities in the makeup will nor-
mally have the lucky contestants wearing makeup

throughout the day, and special facial creams and skin
lotions to bed each night. By the time a month has passed,
the transformation is so far along that the victims could stop
wearing the products entirely and still become Enticers.

By the end of the metamorphosis, the winners of the
yearly contest are completely different from what they used
to be. They are physically addicted to the cosmetics. The
transformation makes the Enticers dependent to a level that
they will do anything at all to get more of the cosmetics —
and that is where Pentex is happy to oblige them, for a cost.
Enticers are constantly sent out on negotiation missions
with smaller companies that have resisted being purchased.
They are also used to lure enemies of the corporation into
traps.

Mentally, these creatures are so dependent on Pentex
that many would willingly kill all of their family members
to ensure a continued supply of Siren Cosmetics. There are
plans in the near future to increase the number of "prizes"
awarded every year, but the cost of the cosmetics is prohibi-
tive, and further market analysis of the usefulness of
Enticers is still needed before a final decision is reached.

Enticers are more than capable of engaging in physical
combat, and while they are not as strong as the Garou, many
of the creatures have managed to gather a sizable following
of loyal servants.

Storytelling Notes: You are wanted by all and you know
it. Act accordingly.

Gorehounds

"Deer Jason, i am your biggest fan. i've seen all your
movees. You kick but. I wanna be just lik you. I found this
new vidio "Blood the impaler". i have seen it ten times
alredy. yor not init, but it's cool anyway. This Conan-type
guy impales all these slutts on big spikes. you wood like it.

"I wanted to try it out, so itook my naybor's cat and stuck
itona stick. It screamed real loud and it was neat. I bet you
Startit the same way. Lik i said, i wanna be just like you. Is
this a good start?

"Yours in Blood; Dr. Pain"

These dangerous Banes inhabit the products of Slaugh-
terhouse Video (a several-times-removed subsidiary of
Pentex). Disturbed viewers who watch these films risk
possession by the Banes, who turn their victims' sick
fantasies into sadistic lust for real blood. The possessed
become Gorehounds, slasher maniac fomori.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 7, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Intimidation 5,
Melee (knives, chainsaws) 5, Stealth 5

Powers: Regeneration, Mother's Touch, Immunity to
Delirium, The Falling Touch (can be used at range) and
usually a large gain in size also.

Rage 8, Gnosis 1, Willpower 10

Chapter Five 85


Image: Usually a large, hulking human with a mask,
striped sweater and household weapon (kitchen knife,
chainsaw, pitchfork, etc.)

Background: One viewing allows the Bane in the video
to attempt a possession. Each successive viewing adds
successes to the time it takes the Bane to achieve full
possession. Once possessed, the viewer will become a
fomor and will begin to act out his sadistic impulses, most
likely beginning with small animals but soon deteriorating
into acts of cruelty against human targets. The viewer,
probably not the most stable of folks to begin with, will
become obsessed with torture and death, and will dream of
becoming a masked killer, a figure of fear like his slasher
film heroes.

Such a victim is usually a loner, picked on by other kids
and possibly from an abusive or neglected home environ-
ment. The Bane taps into its host's rage, granting him
dreams of slashing his tormentors into bits. A particularly
gruesome possibility is the possession of a homid pup who
has not yet reached his First Change. A Garou-to-be from
adifficult home would make an ideal subject for Gorehound
corruption.

Gorehounds are suicidal killers; much like the "heroes"
of slasher films, once engaged in combat, the Gorehounds
fight until utterly destroyed.

Gorehounds often display a cunning that belies their
youth. They usually conceal their homicidal actions fairly
well in the beginning, but become more reckless as they
continue. After 10 or so human deaths, the possessing Bane
usually goad: host into a killing spree, gleefully riding
the fomor into oblivion.

Storytelling Notes: You are capable of cunning action,
but ultimately you desire only to kill. You emulate the
fantasy slashers of the movies, and will often kill in bizarre
and poetic ways, slowly stalk your prey, etc.

Ferectoi, the Larvae of the Wyrm

Macintyre slipped carefully through the long grass. This
damn jungle was beginning to get to him. He was already
sick of point duty, and especially with that Johnson. He was
aweird bird alright. The kinda guy who probably tortured
his neighbor's cat as a kid. But, he had to admit, Johnson
was good in a firefight. Sort of like he was born to it.

He was about to ask Johnson how long they were gonna
have to be out there when the air exploded with the sound
of gunfire and bees buzzed passed him faster than the eye
could catch. But no sting. He hadn't been hit.

He looked over at Johnson, who was still just standing
there. He yelled to Johnson to hit the ground. What was he,
a fool? He was just standin' there, starin' at his chest. Oh,
jeez, maybe he got hit.

Macintyre jumped up and ran over to Johnson, intend-
ing to throw him to the ground before he could be hit again.
But he stopped dead in his tracks, staring at Johnson.
Johnson laughed, exulting in the sweet pain as the cara-
pace grew from his chest. The bullets were ejected and fell

Book of the Wyrm


to the ground. His wrists twisted and bony knives slid from
their fleshy sheaths, dripping with strange fluids.

Macintyre just stared. Johnson was turning into a mon-
ster before his eyes — and he was enjoying it.

Johnson turned to Macintyre. "Rock and roll, buddy,
rock and roll..."

These creatures are the unnatural offspring produced by
the union of a Breeder Bane and a human. They are far more
powerful than most fomori. They are superhuman beings
with full understanding of humankind and an overwhelm-
ing passion for destruction.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 5, Etiquette 3, Leadership 4,
Stealth 3, Computer 3, Enigmas 4, Occult 5, Science 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Resources 4

Powers: At least five fomori powers. All Ferectoi are
unique.

Rage 4, Gnosis 7, Willpower 9

Image: While the Larvae of the Wyrm appear mortal in
nearly every respect, they are far from that state. Any
fomori powers that betray their Wyrm-taint are conceal-
able (extra limbs retract, etc.).

Background: These creatures are the spawn of Breeder
Banes, hideous creatures that are little more than walking
wombs. Breeder Banes Materialize and rape humans as
they sleep, using potent charms to make them believe it was
nothing more than a harmless dream. The Breeders then
retreat to the Umbra, where their offspring gestate in
transparent womb-sacs. The Breeders Materialize again to
birth the Ferectoi in the physical realm.

Ferectoi look and act human, but they are not human.
Most hold human-like interests and live like any other rich
and powerful humans. However, they are constantly at
odds with themselves. They wage an inner struggle be-
tween their humanity and their Wyrm-nature. Almost
always, the Wyrm wins out. They slowly become inhuman
in their thoughts and actions, though most of their deeds
revolve around the destruction of the planet as well as those
who oppose this destruction. A rare few, however, have
turned against the Wyrm and fought hard against the forces
of corruption.

Storytelling Notes: You are totally evil. You exude
corruption and vileness. Few can match you in your inhu-
manity. You can be suave and debonair when necessary
just as you can be savage and gross. Personal power is very
important to you. You are served by any number of Wyrm-
creatures and Banes, to which you are a harsh and
uncompromising overlord.

Chapter Five

Pentex First Team Murnber 28

The following is a sample First Team that operates for
Pentex. You can use this group in your own chronicle or
you can use it as a basis for creating your own First Team.
This team is roughly average in power level, so it might be
a bit too much for beginning characters, but it may be too
weak for experienced Garou. Feel free to add or subtract
members from the team or lower or boost its members'
abilities and powers.

The members of the team all wear dark blue fatigues.
They bear the team symbol, an eagle swooping down in
front of an orange sunburst, on their uniforms.

Melvin Spivey
Position: Team Leader
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-

risma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 3,

Intelligence 3, Wits 5
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,

Intimidation 4, Drive 2, Firearms 5, Melee 4, Leadership 4,

Stealth 2, Survival 4, Computer 2, Investigation 2, Law 2,

Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Occult 1, Politics 2
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Resources 4
Powers: Immunity to Delirium
Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 10
Weapons: Two heavy pistols, one light pistol, an assault

rifle, and a big fighting knife

Image: Spivey is in his late 40s. He is balding with a
little gray hair. His skin is dark and wrinkled from a hard
life. He wears Western-style clothing on his off-time. He is
not very fancy and he hates to dress up.

Roleplaying Notes: You are tough as nails but you don't
like to brag about it. You are a macho male chauvinist and
a hardy beer drinker. You do not tolerate backtalk from
those on your team and you stay on top of them. Make
sound tactical judgments, but do not hesitate. Hesitation in
battle can kill you. You are cold and merciless in combat.
Remember, you are just doing your job.

Background: Spivey is over 40 years old but he still
holds his own with those half his age. He is an ex-Marine
and a former commander of contra forces. He has served
part-time in many other combat units besides these. He
joined Pentex four years ago. Since that time he has quickly
risen through the ranks. He has found it quite enjoyable to
pit his human limitations against supernatural threats. All
ittakes is good sense and guts. Spivey took over First Team
28 less than a year ago. He has found working with the
members of this group a little nervewracking. They are just
weird. The worst part is that they resent being told what to
do by someone who is just an average human. However,
Spivey has handled a worse crew than this before. If anyone
can keep them in line, he can.

Leergo, ‘Cat-Swallower'

Position: Second-in-command

Tribe: Black Spiral Dancers

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3, Cha-
tisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 5,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Braw! 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 3, Primal-Urge 2, Subterfuge 2, Drive 2,
Firearms 4, Melee 4, Leadership 3, Stealth 3, Computer 1,
Enigmas 3, Linguistics (Pictish) 1, Occult 2

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 3, Past Life 2, Re-
sources 3

Gifts: Bane Protector (see above), Smell of Man, Beast
Speech, Howl of the Banshee, Call of the Wyrm (see
above), Allies From Below (see above), Eye of the Cobra

Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Renown: Power 20,000, Cunning 10,000, Infamy 15,000

Rites: none

Fetishes: Bean Bane, Wyrm Fang Dagger (real)

Weapons: One heavy revolver, one small SMG, and one
shotgun

Image: In wolf form, Leergo is a white wolf with specks
of black, gray and orange all over his fur. In human form,
he is an average-looking man imhis late 20s. He wears his
black hair in a crewcut. He is not overly muscular looking,
but he is in good shape. He prefers to wear expensive
clothing; his favorite color is, of course, black.

Roleplaying Notes: You love to fight, but you are loyal
to your fellow team members first and foremost. If the
chance to fight another Garou arises, you will seek hand-to-
hand combat over the use of guns. You wish to avenge your
fallen pack, and you wish to make up for being a coward by
letting them fall alone.

Background: Cat-Swallower was kidnapped by his
Hive over 10 years ago. Shocked that he was the only one
to survive the Dance of the Black Spiral, he felt proud of his
membership in the Hive and in the pack he soon joined. Life
was wonderful for a while. Then the first battle occurred.
Cat-Swallower saw his entire pack chewed to pieces by Get
of Fenris. Choosing discretion as the better part of valor, he
ran away.

With his pack destroyed, he could not face joining
another. Instead he went to Pentex. Cat-Swallower found
his new life even better than his previous existence. He
teyeled in the power the company gave him. Unfortunately
they also gave him responsibility. He served as a personal
bodyguard to a division chief of the company. There was an

attempted ambush of the man he was protecting and Cat-
Swallower was forced to defend him from three Garou.
Somehow, he and the man he was protecting survived the,
attack, though both were badly wounded. Cat-Swallower
had killed one of the Garou and wounded the other two
before they retreated. Realizing that his tastes had changed
and that he had a deep lust for battle, he asked for a transfer
to a First Team. He has served as an important member of
First Team 28 for over three years.

Carlotta Stearns

Position: Team Psychic

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3, Cha-
risma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 3,
Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Empathy 5, Expression 3, Animal Ken 2, Drive 1, Etiquette 2,
Firearms 3,Melee3, Performance (guitar)2,Pilot (helicopter) 2,
Stealth 2, Computer 3, Enigmas 4, Investigation 3, Law 2,
Linguistics (French) 1, Occult 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 5, Mentor 2, Re-
Sources 4

Powers: Mindblock, Sense Magic, Hand of the Earth
Lord

Rage 0, Gnosis 9, Willpower 8

Weapons: One heavy pistol and an assault rifle

Image: Sterns is an average-looking and average-dress-
ing young lady. There is nothing particularly interesting
about her, though she has a natural charisma that has been
heightened by the awakening of her psychic powers. She
has long brown hair and a slender build.

Roleplaying Notes: Y ou are intrigued by all the myster-
ies of life. You believe yourself to be somewhat magical,
and will do everything you can to learn about the Garou,
fomori, the Umbra, etc. You like your role on the First
Team since very little combat is required of you. Even
though you are not afraid, you have no desire to kill,

Background: Carlotta Sterns lived a very stable and
boring life until Pentex paid her a visit during her junior
year of college. She was approached through one of her
professors about a job opportunity with Pentex. She looked
into it and was soon hired. Shortly after she began her role
as laboratory assistant, however, she realized she was the
subject. She finally agreed to the Awakening after seeing
what others were capable of (though she was not told how
many died or went insane from the experience). The expe-
tience. stirred her_latent.powers.of telekinesis. She was
trained as a member of the Odyssey Project and soon sent
out into the field. Last year she accepted a job with First
Team 28 even though she realized the danger involved. She
has a burning desire to learn as much about the world of
magic as she can.

Book of the Wyrm


y fess re

eg

Elwood Nedervitch, "Slicer"

Position: Point man and fomor agent

Attributes:'Strength'7, Dexterity. 4, Stamina'6,Cha=
tisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Athletics 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 3,
Drive 2, Firearms 4, Melee 4, Pilot (helicopter) 3, Security 3,
Stealth 1, Inyestigation 2

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 2, Mentor 3, Re-
sources 4

Powers: Immunity to Delirium, Claws and Fangs

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 5

Weapons: Two heavy pistols and a large SMG

Image: Nedervitch can pass for human as long as he
Wears a shirt with long sleeves. The only unusual features
he has are his arms. They are coated with a web of tough,
vein-like structures under the skin. These run from the
palms of his hands all the way up his arms and partially onto
his chest. He is extremely muscular. He wears his hair in a
crewcut. When off duty, he usually wears a lot of gold
jewelry and expensive clothes.

Roleplaying Notes: You do what you are'told, though
you don't like taking orders from Spivey. You enjoy
killing, though this disturbs you somewhat. You are not
sure ifitis you in your body sometimes, orif something else
isin control. You suffer blackouts. You are also extremely
impatient and you hate women who t hink they are.
better fighters than men.

Background: Nedervitch was brought to a Pentex-
owned hospital five years ago. He was a John Doe who had
been in a terrible car wreck. Because of his build, he was
packed in ice and flown to the Pentex SPD in Mexico City.
He went into a coma, but the doctors of the Iliad Project
were able to piece him together. The doctors felt that if they
could turn him into a fomor, he might snap out of the coma,
since it had worked in a previous experiment. It did work.
Nedervitch soon discovered his condition, but rather than
becoming upset, he seemed to love it. He enjoyed his new
powers and he was happy to repay the company for giving
him his life back. Unfortunately, Nedervitch is a name he
had to make up. He had lost all his memories as a result of
the car accident. He has not given up hopes of one day
finding out who he really is,

Charlene Brell

Position: Grenadier and Iliad agent

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina.3, Cha-
risma 3, Manipulation-3, Appearance 2, Perception»3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl] 2, Dodge 2, Streetwise 2,
Firearms 5, Leadership 1, Melee 2, Stealth 1, Survival 2,
Computer 2, Law 1

Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 1, Mentor 2, Re-
sources 4

Powers: Immunity to Delirium, Eyes of the Wyrm

Rage 3, Gnosis 0, Willpower 7

Weapons: She carries a heavy pistol and whatever else
is appropriate for the situation, ranging from grenade
launchers to flamethrowers to LAW missiles.

Image: Brell has an athletic build. She has medium-
length black hair. She is very tall, about 6'2". She never
wears dresses and prefers jeans and T-shirts when she is off
duty.

Roleplaying Notes: You hate working for Pentex, but
you like your work. While you have no real desire to ‘kill,
the action is exciting and your powers are remarkable. This
may not be the life you would have chosen, but it is better
than the one you had. Because of this, you try to stay on the
good side of all your teammates. You are trying hard to
make a family of sorts, because you've never had one
before."

Background: Brell was a bad girl all her life, not just
since she came to Pentex. She quit school at 16 and joined
up with her boyfriend and his biker gang totour the country.
He dumped her in Los Angeles with no money and no place
to go. Before long she became a prostitute and a drug
addict. One night a man approached her and asked her if she
would like to make a lot more money than she could
normally make in one night. She got into his car, where-
upon he knocked her out with chloroform. She awoke in a
brightly lit hospital room; a bunch of people in masks and
lab coats stood over her. They told her she had been chosen
to receive a special gift. They described her powers and her
new role in the company. At first she was ready to leave, but
she was warned that she would never be permitted to do so.
Since that time she has found herself enjoying her work,
though she still cannot stand Pentex.

Chapter Five

Monsters

Dhujunka

Famil crawled through the dirt tunnels as if he were
born to them. Famil had just attained adulthood in the eyes,
of his Hive, the Dank Well Sept. He knew that he.would
make the greatest Black Spiral Dancer ever. He Would.
bring terror to those fool Garou who knew not the power of
the Wyrm. But for now, Famil had to do his duty, to reopen
the old tunnels to the north which hadn't been used in any
of the elders' lifetimes.

The dirt moved aside easily, for these tunnels had only
been blocked with loose mud and clay. But what was that?
Noise ahead. Famil moved forward quietly and came to
where the tunnel opened onto a huge cavern. He stared in
awe at the strange structures built there, structures not
natural but...well, not homid-made either. Famuil knew not
what this was.

He saw figures moving, homid-like beings in robes. At
once, they turned toward him, their teeth clacking in insane
cacophony. Those teeth! Rows and rose of dagger fangs.
And where were the eyes? These were not homids, but
something else.

Famiil spun around in the tight tunnel and ran, scuttling
along his burrowed path like a snake through the grass. But
no use —he was wracked by purple lightning. He collapsed
unconscious. Hooks spiraled on thin threads, latching onto
him, dragging him back to the cavern.

The Vhujunka pulled their find out of the tunnel and
examined him, putting aside their crystalline rods, still
smoking and crackling with purplish electricity. They picked
him up and carried him off into the cavern to a destination
and purpose only they could fathom.

The Vhujunka are a race of humanoid creatures who live
far below the surface of the Earth. Their goals are unknown,
but they apparently serve the interests of the Wyrm. They
are a strange race and even the Black Spiral Dancers know
almost nothing about them. The Vhujunka have many
Banes in their service and no Bane has ever revealed the
secrets of this race to outsiders.

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0, Perception 4,
Intelligence 6, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Firearms (rod-like
devices) 4, Repair 2, Stealth 2, Torture 3, Enigmas 5,
Investigation 4, Linguistics 2, Medicine 5, Occult 4, Sci-
ence 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Resources 5

Gifts: Mindspeak, Mindblock

Rage 0, Gnosis 9, Willpower 10

Attacks: Pseudopods (variable, based upon the shape
taken; damage is not aggravated), bite (sharp, dagger-like
teeth; Str +2). Many carry lasers or electrically charged
rod-like devices.

Fetishes: Some carry the most bizarre fetishes, combi-
nations of weird science and magic. These include strange
medical devices and bizarre, organic-looking armor.

90 Book of the Wyrm


Image: These are humanoid-looking creatures who nor-
mally dwell far below the surface of the earth. They are
similar to humans in physique except they are extremely
thin and tall and have no eyes. They "see" through a means
not understood by outsiders —a sort of psychic awaren
It allows them to operate when in their underground lairs as
if they had sight, but this ability sometimes fails them on the
surface, so they take "seeing-eye" Banes with them when.
they travel "above."

Their faces are nearly bisected by their huge mouths, full
of huge rows of teeth. They have a slight purplish tinge to
their coloration. Their abdomens have three large orifices:
one on the back, and two that reach from the sides to the
front. These orifices can be opened to reveal a large
yellowish, viscous blob of protoplasm. This is a substance
which their body excretes to be used as an energy source far
below the earth. It gives off light, it may be reingested, and
it may be shaped into tools or weapons. The Vhujunka are
able to control the substance as if it were ectoplasm, using
it to create pseudopods which can be altered into any
number of shapes and sizes.

Vhujunka wear long thick robes which hide their orifices
from the view of others.

Ecology: The Vhujunka live far below the surface world
in elaborate cities constructed by unknown means. These
cities are unknown to the Garou save in nightmares and
firelight tales. The Vhujunka have no understandable mor-
als and their thoughts are alien to all but the most insane (or

Chapter Five

enlightened?) homids. The Vhujunka have complex tech-
nologies, some superior and some inferior to that of the
surface world. The Vhujunka are aware of the surface
world through special sources.

Storytelling Notes: The Vhujunka are quiet, and usu-
ally ignore humans and Garou unless they are provoked, in
which case they act quickly and efficiently. If faced with
overwhelming odds, they will try to escape. They do not
speak, communicating only through telepathy. They have
never been known to work with Pentex or the Black Spiral
Dancers, but they do exercise considerable power over
certain Banes. They also have the power to create unusual
fomori through bizarre medical and chemical treatments.
Vhujunka never show emotion, methodically performing
their tasks.

Chunderwyrms

Leaper was only a pup, but understood well enough the
ways of the different tribes. He understood that his tribe,
the Get of Fenris, were the bravest warriors, and he
understood that the Uktena were suspected of going toward
the Wyrm. Like all his pack he doubted the tales of monsters
in the earth and suspected that if such existed, it was
because the Uktena had managed to summon them.

The Uktena elders smiled knowingly as the ground
started to shake below the Garou. Leaper felt his own smile
showing, the smile of satisfaction that always split his face
when combat would soon be his once more. The trees

91


around them started to vibrate as if in a powerful wind, yet
his fur was untouched by whatever breeze shook the foli-
age. Leaper's teeth rattled in their sockets as the ground
began to buckle.

Where his friend Swift Talons had been a second before,
there now towered a bloated column of mottled flesh.
Looking up to see where this oddity began, Leaper watched
in shock as the corpse of Swift Talons disappeared into a
mouth as large as a house. The foul odor struck his nostrils
at the same time the leader of his pack disappeared, and
Leaper howled his fear into the air. The fang-filled mouth
towered 25 feet in the air, and Leaper knew in his heart that
the Wyrm had made its presence known.

But he was a Get of Fenris; there could be no running.
If he must die let it be in the slaying of the Wyrm itself.

The Wyrm has its own ways, unknown and unknowable
tothe Garou. So too its Thunderwyrms. The Thunderwyrms
are newer than many of the Wyrm's creatures, having only
just begun to show themselves. These beasts were appar-
ently mutated from leeches or perhaps even simple
earthworms. Today they are a serious threat to Gaia and her
protectors.

Attributes: The following statistics delineate a
Thunderwyrm of average — 25-foot — length: Strength 6,
Dexterity 2, Stamina 6, Charisma 0, Manipulation 0, Ap-
pearance 0, Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Brawling 5, Athletics 3

Rage 6, Gnosis 0, Willpower 5

Health Levels: OK/OK/OK/-1/-1/-1/-2/-2/-3/-3/-4/-4/-5/
-5/Incapacitated.

Armor: Four Health Levels of any attack are simply
ignored (the blow slides off the segments of slimy tissue
that compose the creature's epidermis)

Attacks: Thunderwyrms will defend themselves by
rolling over their opponents (using a Body Slam Maneuver:
ifthe Thunderwyrm rolls more than three successes over an
opponent, that opponent should be considered Immobi-
lized as per the Immobilize Maneuver), striking their
enemies with a coil of their bodies (using the Punch
Maneuver), or just biting them (Bite Maneuver, causing
aggravated damage).

Image: Thunderwyrms are enormous wormlike mon-
sters that can range in length from five feet all the way to
50 feet, and range in width from only a few inches to a few
yards. They look like giant mutated leeches or earthworms
with huge teeth.

Ecology: Thunderwyrms are born in the worst Wyrm-
tainted places: toxic dumpsites and areas that have been
contaminated by radioactivity. Like the worms from which
they evolved, the Thunderwyrms exist only to breed and to
eat, growing more numerous as they do so. These creatures
can consume 70 times their own weight in food, and they
metabolize over half of what they eat, adding it to their own
mass.

SS

92 Book of the Wyrm


Thunderwyrms travel under the ground, moving only at
night and sleeping during the day. These mindless behe-
moths give off a stench of decay whenever they roam above
the ground to feed, and have been known to feed only on
trees and other plants that have remained uncorrupted.

The Uktena tribe believes these creatures first showed
themselves at the Trinity nuclear test site. The Uktena
claim the incubation period for the Thunderwyrm's eggs
could be as much as 18 months. If the Uktena are correct,
these creatures feed quickly, lay their eggs as they burrow,
and then die in less than a two-week cycle.

The Uktena, along with the Get of Fenris (who watch the
Uktena with suspicion), have been diligent in their efforts
to locate all of the Thunderwyrms' holes and destroy the
eggs that rest there. While the attempts to locate the tunnels
have been successful, no one has actually found any eggs.
The Uktena of New Mexico have a dread suspicion that the
eggs of these creatures are simply too small to see with the
naked eye, or are so well camouflaged that they have
been overlooked as particles of dirt.

Fearing for Gaia's safety, the Uktena have
recently taken to scorching the soil of these
tunnels, certain that the death of the eggs
is far more important than
the roots of the few surviv-
ing trees in the area. The Get
of Fenris have called to oth-
ers, warning of a beast that is
nearly unstoppable. They
also whisper about the
Uktena, who know so much
about these new creatures, and
wonder how they came by
such knowledge.

The First Ronin

Fangs-To-The-Wind
heard the howl tear through See
the trees around him and was con-
fused. This was not a normal howl,
nor was it a Howl of Mockery. %
Whatever the meaning of this un-
earthly sound, it was lost to him.
Curiosity soon surpassed the
wariness he felt, and Fangs-
To-The-Wind trotted
toward the distant sound
as it was repeated.

The clearing from
which the howl had
come was empty; noth-
ing moved through the
trees and no living
sounds came from the (
animals in the woods.
From behind him, apparently

from the same direction from which he had just come, he
heard a deep growl of challenge. He turned to face the
hairless beast and grinned in anticipation; here was an
upstart, a metis of all things, ready to challenge him.

The metis stepped forward, shifting easily into wolf
form. Something was wrong; the markings the challenger
wore on his body were faded with time, and yet they were
also quite obviously tattoos. Fangs-To-The-Wind felt his
‘fur rise, the meaning of the odd symbols suddenly becoming
clearer. Inscribed on the metis' flesh was his own name,
and the other symbols told of how Fangs-To-The-Wind had
died valiantly. Fangs-To-The-Wind understood the homids'
way of marking s; he understood that the
markings on this metis declared that this was the
day of his final battle.
It was impossible; the markings

days and year:

were so old, as was the metis before

£%
yy ©

him. The old legends came back to
him, the stories told by his grandfa-
ther. "You, you're just a myth,"
he cried. "A thing to frighten the
pupsatnight. Youcan'tbe real."

y

93


The First Ronin grinned then, blackened gums showing
the very real threat of silver teeth...

Ronin is a sadly common word among the Garou. But
legends tell of the First Ronin, a metis who turned from the
tribe and pack that had scorned him and went to make his
own way in the world. To most he is simply a fantasy, a
story told to deter cubs from their foolish attractions to one
another and to remind all Garou that the price of incestuous
relations is disaster and shame.

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Unknown

Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 5,
Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5, Intimida-
tion 5, Primal-Urge 5, Subterfuge 5, Animal Ken 5, Melee 5,
Stealth 5, Survival 5, Enigmas 5, Linguistics 5, Occult 5,Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Mentor 10 (if the legends are true, the
First Ronin's Mentor is the Wyrm), Personal Totem 10 (the
Wyrm)

Gifts: All Gifts of the Garou tribes, including those of
the Black Spiral Dancers, up to and including the 4th level
(be afraid, be very afraid), Fearful Flight (for one Gnosis
point, the Ronin can make all Garou present flee with a
resisted Strength + Intimidation roll against the opponents'
Rage)

Image: A furless Garou with skin as pale as the full
moon and covered in tattoos that shift and change as he
approaches. The symbols clearly state the full name of any
Garou that looks at them, as well as denoting that Garou's
death date: the very night he encounters the First Ronin.
The First Ronin stinks of the Wyrm's corruption, even to
those who cannot sense the Wyrm. There is absolutely
nothing about the First Ronin that could be considered a
redeeming quality; there is no sense of compassion or love,
only undying, unrelenting hatred.

Background: Some of the legends say that the First
Ronin was the very first metis, and that the overall response
to his hideous form was revulsion and contempt. Some of
the legends say that he did not choose to leave the Garou,
but was forced to leave. Most metis can sympathize with
his plight, if that version of the story is accurate.

The legends tell how the First Ronin was corrupted by
the Wyrm through the promise of love and a caring family,
in the days when the Wyrm came easily to Gaia's realm and
walked among the homids as their friend. The legends go
on to explain that the Wyrm itself was not as mad then as
it is now. The legends claim that the First Ronin was the
very first Garou to turn to the Wyrm, the first great betrayer
of Gaia.

And the legends all tell of the Wyrm's markings on the
First Ronin; the hideous tattoos that have driven Garou into
Fox frenzies on sight. It is claimed that the First Ronin, like
the vampires who follow the Wyrm, is immortal.

The only certainty is that the creature called the First
Ronin is Garou, but a Garou that reeks of the Wyrm's
corruption and revels in the destruction of all its kind. The
First Ronin is said to have claws and teeth of silver, but to
take no harm from these natural weapons. It is said to hunt
down solitary Garou and those in smaller packs and devour
them, leaving only the mingled scent of its corruption and
the blood of Gaia's children to mark its passage. Best
perhaps to leave to the imagination what the First Ronin is
said to do to females of the species. Some things are too
horrid for sane Garou to contemplate.

Storytelling Notes: Unless you really want your pack
dead, always give them fair warning of the Ronin's ap-
proach; the smell alone should do it. Never directly state
just who or what this creature is; no one should ever find out
for certain. Along this theme, always let the creature attack
from the darkness. If the pack gets lucky enough to hurt it
severely, the First Ronin will literally fade from existence
in a cloud of noxious black smoke. The First Ronin is truly
immortal and cannot be captured or killed any more than
the bogeyman can be captured or killed.

Skull Pigs

Me an' Turkeys Fly was goin' for some deer in Smoky
Mountain National Park, an' we come on this ol' ape
graveyard. Turkeys Fly, he's from ‘round there an' he says
it's guys that were huntin' the Cherokee when they cleaned
‘emoutta the Smokies, or tried to. Fulla Wyrm-taint, but the
deer can't smell it, so what the hell.

We'd stopped to look at the Moon cause she was real
pretty that night, then we heard a noise like a pig big asa
truck and mad as hell. One ‘a' these things came outta the
ground and was all over us an' smelled ‘bout like a million
run-over possums. Roarin' to beat sixty, too. Well, I gave
ita bite or two, then felt my fangs startin' to burn. It was like
snortin' laundry bleach.

Turkeys Fly was on its other side an' got a few licks in,
but it got him pretty bad with them tusks — musta been a
foot long, ape feet that is. He went to the Grounds that
night. Lot later old Vlad Furstenburg from the Silver Fangs
told me they look through graves for the Wyrm taint, then
eat what's tainted worst, an' that's why lotsa old graves
don't even have bones in ‘em or nothin'.

—Lop-Ear (Joe Two Feathers), Uktena People, Oconaluftee
Indian Village

These things were originally natural animals, large Ice
Age relatives of the tapirs and peccaries of prehuman North
America. When the Wyrm tainted the peoples and animals
of the Americas as it took over the Mesoamerican plateau,
wild packs of these creatures became transformed into the
Skull Pigs, awful minions of the Wyrm.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 8, Cha-
risma 0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0, Perception 2,
Intelligence 0, Wits 3

94 Book of the Wyrm


Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3, Stealth 2, Survival 4

Gifts: Regeneration (as Garou)

Rage 5, Gnosis 2, Willpower 3,

HealthLevels: OK/OK/-1/-1/-1/-2/-2/-2/-S/Incapaci-
tated

Attacks: Tusks (Strength + 3), Body Slam

Image: A tapir-like creature that smells of grave
rot. The flesh of Kull is so thin, and its bone
structure so prominent, that many Garou believe it
has no skin, but only a bare skull. The ghastly pale
coloring of the Skull Pig only helps confirm this
belief.

Ecology: The Pigs roam in packs of three to
seven or as single elderly males who have been
displaced; packs are either families or groups of
young males. They are believed to litter like pigs,
though no one has witnessed this process.

They dig through graveyards seeking Wyrm-
tainted bones, devouring them to regain their
power. When they eat human bones, they gain
Gnosis equal to the score the human possessed
in life. For more material sustenance, they will
eat flesh or garbage, though they prefer toxic
waste.

They attack with their tusks. In addition,
their flesh is poisonous. A Garou biting
one must roll Stamina (difficulty 6) or take
an aggravated wound level (Resist Toxin
defends against this).

The Pigs will almost always attack Garou,
but humans often ignore them or think that
they saw a normal animal of some kind
(this is handled like the Delirium, and
many Native Americans can see them).

Most Pigs are unintelligent, but the
few who have any sentience are sinister
enemies indeed, rather like Orwell's vil-
lains from Animal Farm. These are called
Voodoo Pigs. For every point of Intelli-
gence they have, they gain one level of
magical Gifts (or use Thaumaturgy if you
have Vampire). Voodoo Pigs appear as pigs
rather than tapirs.

Chapter Five

Book of the Wyrm

@anes

The Maeljin Incarna
(The Dark Lords)

The Dark Lords are dread spirit warriors in service to the
Wyrm. They are samurai-like royal Banes. There are 13,
and each is further defined by its affiliations.

Each Incarna serves until its dissipation or consumption
by its patron Wyrm, at which time the Wyrm chooses a
human spirit suitable to take over the position, sends Banes
to capture it, and "elevates" the human to the office,
whether said human cooperates or not.

Of course, if the spirit in question is alive, the Wyrm
certainly does not mind sucking it out of a living body,
effectively slaying the living host.

The Maeljin are:

The Caliph of Pain, Lady Aife

She is the Maeljin of Pain, and rides a steed made of
struts of dull rusted steel. She carries twin glass whips that
crack and break, shredding and tearing whatever they
strike. Tangled in her fiery tresses are thousands of glass
caltrops; these she can scatter with a toss of her head,
sending hundreds of glass barbs to rend soft flesh.

She is pale, with flaming red hair, and she smiles as if she
knows a secret. She is clad in a leather domme's costume.

The Duke of Hate, Lord Steel

Clad all in gunmetal steel, his face covered in a hate-
twisted black steel mask, Lord Steel pursues his foes with
unrelenting tenacity. His eyes are twin sores of festering
hate. His voice is high and shrill, and vengeance-Banes
swirl around him awaiting his next mood. His huge, ser-
rated war-blade glows with balefires and has ignited many
an ill-omened fire. The smell of burnt flesh constantly
surrounds him.

He rides a steed made of metal, a steed with iron wings
forged in cruel jest to resemble those of Pegasus, one of
Lord Steel's greatest enemies.


The Archbishop of Madness, Doge Klypse

Clad in black robes that are shot through with queasy
purple threads, the Doge forces all who meet him to kiss his
slimy purple ring. The ring is infected with madness, which
spreads to his victims. The Doge is quite insane. He likes
to torture for fun, and will go out of his way to maim or kill.
Klypse is tired of existence but is too lazy to kill himself.
He allows his insanity to care for him, often going for
weeks and weeks without a conscious thought. It is a rare
morning that he awakens without a pile of twisted bodies
around him.

The Countess Desire, Empress Aliara

Aliara knows everyone's inner desires, lusts and weak-
nesses. She forces her victims to take chances and stirs their
dormant desires into seething obsessions. She often does
this by making false promises. Aliara works quite closely
with Counselor du Bois to help him implement further
corruption. Aliara looks very androgynous.

Corps Advocate, Chamberlain of Lies,
Che Honorable Maine duBois, Esq.

Wearing an ancient tattered suit covered in putrescent
slime, the Advocate of the Wyrm never prepares for a case
but is always 100% ready to do battle in the courtroom. He
recruits innocent politicians, petty bureaucrats and the like.
As Maeljin of Corruption, he is also in charge of deception,
and has the power to make any untruth, no matter how
ridiculous, sound true.

The Nameless Angel of Despair

Gray and dark, surrounded by a cloudy nimbus, the
Nameless Angel of Despair descends upon its victims
unawares. It feeds upon the sadness and despair of the near-
suicidal, and will often urge a merely depressed person into
taking that extra step. It is thought that the Angel can exist
in many places at the same time. Unlike the other Maeljin,
the Angel does not speak, but instead communicates through
waves of emotion, usually negative.

Knight Entropy, the Wyrmts Spawn

With blood-streaked hair and feral eyes, the Knight
Entropy rides a black fanged horse. The mark of the Wyrm
is upon it, and its shield bears the Black Dragon, many-
coiled, encircling the world and crushing the life out of it.
As Maeljin of Entropy and Chaos, it is also responsible for
Decay, and can rot people and things with a glance. This
Incarna cannot be controlled, but only attracted from one
place to another. It is attracted by pure, honorable, perfect
things awaiting its kiss of destruction.

Chapter Five

Chieftain of Rage, the Hellbringer

General of the Armies of the Wyrm, the Chieftain of
Rage is also the Patron of Abuse, and often seeks to
promote violence in the mortal Realm. Riots, child abuse,
spouse abuse and rape are his bread and drink. The
Hellbringer is always seen with a cavalry troop of fell
Banes astride foul beasts of the Wyrm. He possesses a
crossbow which fires Quarrels, bolts of spiritual power that
cause those hit to be filled with rage and attack the nearest
targets. He often uses these to spur normally peaceful
people into blatant aggression. The Hellbringer is sonamed
because he evokes Hell on Earth for those over whom he
reigns.

The Master of Si ign,
Lord o} Disease, Chur ge

Thurifuge is also the Maeljin of Apathy, and is respon-
sible for plagues, stagnation and procrastination. His talons
are firmly clenched in the news media and through that
organ he promotes isolationism and spreads despair. He is
also in charge of water pollution and the like. When
Saddam Hussein caused an environmental disaster by dump-
ing crude oil into the seas of the Persian Gulf, Thurifuge
summoned many Banes and bathed in the unholy muck,
glorying in the kiss of the foul water.

He appears as a tall, thin man with an oily grin and
striated, corpse-colored skin. In the Umbra he transports
through a materialized pool of slime.

The Master of Hellfire, Kerne

Lord of Hellfire, the Maeljin of Fire is also responsible
for the balefires of radiation. Atomic spirits often cluster
near him, and he has been on-site at every single atomic test
or attack in the past century. It is said that his greed during
the consumption of the balefires of Chernobyl caused the
imbalance which started the chain reaction there. He looks
like a thin, weak man with boiling lava in place of skin. He
travels through the Umbra on a hellfire chariot that leaves
a trail of sulfurous black smoke in its wake.

The Master of Srnog, Lord Choke

As Maeljin of Smog, Lord Choke is also a master of
oppression. His pawns in the tobacco industry and the
chemicals industry help spread his power, but his real
strength lies in organizations such as the Moral Majority
and other organizations which seek to limit the freedom of
the individual. His sickly sweet smoke can delude and
befuddle, and he asserts himself to keep the weak and the
misrepresented in their place.

He appears as a large, bulbous man surrounded by a
cloud of bluish-gray smoke...and he appears out of a mist
of smoke when traveling in the Umbra.

Book of the Wyrm


Collum, Lord of Sludge

As Maeljin of Sludge, Collum is in charge of all solid
waste, including sewage. His influence extends to sewers
in all places, so he is a keeper of many secrets. Many of the
Nosferatu Kindred pay secret homage to him, and he gifts
them with forgotten objects and special creatures which
have been "given" to him, flushed down into the sewers. He
takes particular delight in sending sewage-spirits to infil-
trate drinking water pipes. He is very close to Lady Yul. He
often fertilizes her noisome eggs and occasionally accepts
her more disgusting children as wards.

His form is nauseating: a roughly humanoid sculpture of
pure sewage. It is perhaps only surpassed by the dreadful
stench that surrounds him wherever he goes, leaving a
relatively obvious trail through the Umbra. His voice is a
liquid, congested gurgle.

The Mistress of Toxins, Lady Yul

As Maeljin of Toxins, Yul is also in charge of drugs and
other chemicals. She has extensive knowledge of genetics
and biochemistry and often uses designer-gene bioforms
for various tasks. Given sufficient time, she can perform
dramatic alterations to any living thing, such as converting
acreature's breathing system from oxygen to carbon mon-
oxide. Yul regularly grows pregnant with her toxic creations,
gives birth to them, and starts anew. Her fell duchy in
Malfeas is filled with her twisted children. She works with
Aliara and Thurifuge to spread the Wyrm's power.

Love Canal was Yul's suggestion.

Wyrm Elementals

The following elementals are the Gafflings of the El-
emental Wyrms (see Chapter Four).

Hoglings (Smog)
These appear as thick clouds of noxious fumes, omi-
} nously rolling toward their targets.
Rage 8, Willpower 3, Gnosis 7, Power 40
Charms: Shroud (Cost 1), Reform, Updraft (as Air
Elemental), Airt Sense

Furmlings (Balefire)

These appear as luminous blobs of napalm-like plasma.
They glow with an irradiated phosphorescence.

Rage 10, Willpower 5, Gnosis 5, Power 30

Charms: Balefire (as the Black Spiral Gift, Cost 2), Airt
Sense

Hrugglings (Sludge)
These appear as rolling piles of waste. They ooze toward
their victims, leaving slimy trails in their wakes.

Chapter Five

Gnosis 5, Power 40
(Cost 1), Odious Aroma
(Cost 2), Gaia's Vengeance

Rage 3, Willpower 9,

Charms: Burrow
(Cost 1), Avalanche
(Cost 3)

Wakshaani (Toxins)

These appear as constantly shifting sheets of purplish
fluid covered with blotches, veins and bubbling warts.

Rage 7, Willpower 3, Gnosis 7, Power 40

Charms: Visceral Agony (Cost 1), Body Wrack (Cost 3)

ODrattosi

Stone-Thunder crossed the blighted Umbral plain. He
hadn't seen anything for some time. He was beginning to
wonder why. Then, across the plain, he saw Rabbit's Tooth.
But what was she doing here? He called to her and began
to run to greet her.

She looked relieved and ran to him. She embraced him
—and Stone-Thunder felt a sharp pain in his leg. He looked
down and there, with a pincer through his leg, was a crab-
thing crawling from the sands beneath him. Rabbit's Tooth
was gone, a mere illusion.

He moved to strike the thing when he felt a deep and
growing emptiness inside him. This thing was doing more
than hurting him — it was sucking away his essence. He
quickly clawed the pincer, shearing it off and breaking the
connection. But as he did so, another punctured his left
arm, and he felt more vital spirit-matter drain from him. He

100

had to do something. The Umbra was not a wise place to be
when depleted of spiritual essence.

Before he could act again, another pincer inpaled him
and more energy was gone. Stone-Thunder felt his rage
grow...

These creatures live in huge radioactive pits within the
Umbra. Like ant lions, they prey on all who fall into their
traps. Their Umbral pits are always full of toxic fumes and
blazing red pyres. The Drattosi are rarely seen, only crawl-
ing from their lairs to feed.

Rage 7, Willpower 5, Gnosis 8, Power 30 + whatever it
has absorbed lately

Charms: Airt Sense, Illusory Desire (The Drattosi must
make a Gnosis roll versus its target's Willpower to pluck an
image from the victim's mind. Two Power points must then
be spent to create the illusion. This power may be used on
more than one victim, but only one victim's mind can be
read at a time.), Consume Essence (This Charm allows the
Drattosi to eat another spirit and absorb its Power or Gnosis
into itself. A spirit consumed in this manner will not reform
at normal speed. The Drattosi transfers whatever Power or
Gnosis the spirit prey possessed into Power for itself. It
accomplishes this by attacking with its Rage rating; one
point is sucked per success. The stolen Power fades at a rate
of five points per 24-hour period if it is not used up
beforehand.)

Image: The Drattosi slightly resemble crabs, but they
are gigantic. They have reddish-black carapaces, covered
in thorny protrusions, all over their bodies. They have
multiple limbs with sharp piercers which they use to skewer
their prey. Their bodies often emit steam.

Background: The Drattosi live in pits within the Um-
bra. While few would normally enter the pits, the Drattosi
attract the unwary through the use of bait. They create
illusory creatures or objects pulled from the minds of
potential victims. The victims will be allowed to approach
the image before the Drattosi emerge to attack.

The Drattosi are predators. They are intelligent and they
can even communicate with Garou and spirits, but their
primary goal is to consume the energies of others. They are
often very knowledgeable about all events near their lairs,
even events in the Realm. Drattosi seldom venture forth
from their dens.

Ooralath

Fur-Rises-Up heard the strange, guttural barking in the
distance and did not know what it was. It was no Garou,
that was for sure. The Umbra was a strange and dangerous
place, and Fur-Rises-Up wished he was back home in the
den. Curse that Theurge! Why did he have to run around
digging up fetishes for him?

But there it was again, that barking — this time closer.
Fur-Rises-Up stood up and moved to the nearby ridge to
get a better look. There were shapes moving in the ghostly
woods. Fur-Rises-Up began to worry. Lasso-the-Beast had

Book of the Wyrm


gone off in another direction, and Fur-Rises-Up hadn't
seen him for a while.

Then the shapes advanced, streaming from the woods in
apack, their claws and carapaces clacking loudly and their
reptilian barks exploding though the air. Fur-Rises-Up
knew what they were — the Ooralath, the armored lizard-
hounds of the Wyrm.

There were too many of them; Fur-Rises-Up didn't stand
a chance. He tried to run but they flooded over him, their
teeth sinking deep into his hide. His claws scratched off
their thick carapaces — to no avail. He went down, buried
under a swarming pile of Ooralath.

The Ooralath are a race of Banes that were once servants
of the Weaver. They have been fully corrupted. Now they
roam the wastelands of the Umbra destroying all they find
(except for fellow servants of the Wyrm). Because of their
Weaver natures, they have permanent physical forms in the
Umbra, but they also have the abilities of Banes. They often
take over deserted areas or areas that are in bad shape. They
tend to cluster in packs.

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3, Percep-
tion 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Abilities: Athletics 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 2, Primal-Urge 4

Rage 5, Gnosis 3, Willpower 7, Power 50

Charms: Airt Sense, Burrowing (Power Cost I/turn; the
Ooralath can move about below the surface of the Umbra
as if they were fish in the ocean), Embody (Power Cost:
none; this Charm is permanent for the Ooralath)

Image: The Ooralath appear to be huge, dinosaur-like
hounds with bodies made of thick carapace armor. They
run hunched over, clacking their huge claws.

Background: The Ooralath are mindless Banes for the
most part, but they are adept hunters. They will almost
always attack from a tactical advantage, especially by
outnumbering and surprising their prey. The Ooralath are
especially fond of preying on the lone traveler. They also
have a taste for Net-Spiders. They will remain hidden
within the ground until the appropriate time; three or more
will then simultaneously converge on their prey and rip the
victim to shreds.

Seeders

Theodore stumbled down the street, bearing his burden
of books from the library. He relished getting home and
poring through them. He enjoyed historical dissertations.

But what was that? There, in the air, floating. A hand?
Theodore walked cautiously toward it. It was a hand
beckoning him— but to where? It floated in the air, leading
nowhere.

Theodore put down his books, reached out and gave the
hand a tug. It tugged back, yanking Theodore into a place
of mist and fog and swirling lights. Before him was a horrid
creature wielding instruments of surgery and torture. The
thing looked like a spider and a bat all at once.

"Wha....What is this?" Theodore was able to babble
before his voice was drowned out by the whirling bone
saw...

Chapter Five


The Seeders are extremely vicious Banes who travel
alone. Their purpose is to forcibly create fomori.

Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Willpower 8, Power 60

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Reform, Stasis (The
Seeder can exhale a cloud of gas which is always Materi-
alized, even if the Seeder itself does not Materialize. A
successful Gnosis roll versus a difficulty equal to a victim's
Stamina + Athletics [maximum 10] puts the victim into a
state of stasis; she is completely sedated and incapable of
action for 30 minutes per success. Once a victim is in this
state, the Seeder pulls her into the Umbra and operates on
her, turning her into a fomor. It costs seven Power points to
produce this cloud), Fomor Creation (A Seeder is able to
grant a subject one special power of the Wyrm by expend-
ing five Power points and making a successful Willpower
roll versus a difficulty of the subject's Gnosis; the power
the Seeder grants is its own choice), Hand from Beyond
(The Seeder can grab any unresisting [or surprised] crea-
ture of human size or smaller and pull it into the Umbra; this
costs five Power points)

Image: They appear as 15-foot-tall hybrids of lizards,
bats and spiders. They have six lashing tails. They often
carry hypodermic needles filled with glowing green goop,
or serrated, swirling bone saws. They do not speak, but emit
great shrieks and roars.

Background: Seeders travel about in search of homids
who are corrupted by the Wyrm. They seldom stay in one
place for long. They have a language of their own and they
have little to do with other Banes. All fomori are unable to
attack Seeders, and it appears that the fomori created by a
given Seeder are unable to resist performing any services
the Seeder requests of them.

Storytelling Notes: Seeders constantly send fomori
against Garou they especially dislike. They take great
pleasure in corrupting the loved ones of their enemies.

Phantasmi

Raking-Death-To-The-Wyrm looked at the ground that
was once Gaia's and bared her teeth. In all her years she
had never seen an area so completely fallen to the Wyrm.
Piles of homid refuse spread across the ground where only
the toughest blades of grass managed to struggle through
the debris. Though necessity made her walk on two feet, she
would never understand the ways of the homids.

The very air stank of the Wyrm, a foul mixture of the
death scent and something far worse. Raking-Death-To-
The-Wyrm felt the hair on her neck rising, and knew that the
stench of the Wyrm in this area was not simply the smell of
homid refuse. Eyes narrowed and lips pulled back; she
scanned the area around her for any signs of the enemy.
Nothing showed itself amidst the rotting remains.

It was the rattling sound, much like the sound of a
serpent's scales rubbing across each other, that let her
know where to look. Behind her, metal cans and broken
glass danced across the muddied earth, converging in a
nexus of violent motion. Raking-Death-To-The-Wyrm felt

Book of the Wyrm


herself stepping back, felt shame at her own fear and forced
herself into the mightiest of her forms, the Crinos. Even as
she changed, so too did the spinning writhing mass of
homid debris. The garbage slowly took a hauntingly famil-
iar shape. In this very spot the pack had destroyed three
fomori — the fomori whose restless spirits now animated
the oncoming debris.

Glittering palely in Luna's light, the ghosts stepped
toward her on feet made of paper and glass. The glint of
silver could be seen where eyes would have been had the
creatures still been alive. Raking-Death-To-The-Wyrm knew
fear, and before it was over, she knew pain and death.

The Phantasmi are the remnants of fomori unfortunate
enough to run across the Garou during their lives. The
Wyrm, ever insidious and ever determined to destroy all
that Gaia has created, uses the Phantasmi to continue its
plans, even after the fomori's deaths.

Rage 10, Willpower 5, Gnosis 6, Power 50

Charms: Materialize (Cost 26, Strength 4, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 6, Brawl 4, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Melee 3), Airt
Sense

Attacks: A Phantasmus' tactics depend on the nature of
the substance through which the creature manifests. For
example, one made entirely of newspapers will do its best
to suffocate the Garou it attacks (a resisted roll of Dexterity
+ Brawl versus the victim's Stamina + Dodge roll is needed
to hit; damage is equivalent to the Phantasmus' Strength
and works as suffocation or drowning in the Werewolf
rulebook. While this damage is not aggravated, the Garou
cannot heal the damage until she has successfully escaped
the Phantasmus). One made from toxic waste will do its
best to force itself down the unfortunate Garou's throat
(attacks as per normal hand-to-hand combat rules, with half
of its Strength roll as damage. If the Phantasmus gains at
least three successes, it will successfully force the toxic
fluids into the Garou's throat. This is aggravated damage.
In any case where the fluids reach the mouth or throat, the
damage cannot be soaked).

Image: In the Umbra, Phantasmi appear much as they
did when their deaths occurred; gaping wounds cover the
twisted bodies of these spirits, and they continually scream
in pain. These creatures can possess no living form, only
the scattered remnants dropped by homids on the streets —
the garbage that lies around the places where they died. As
a result, each Phantasmus will look different. One may
appear as a collection of discarded soda cans that warp and
twist into a mockery of homid shape, while another may
take a similar form made of scattered newspapers and
candy bar wrappers. Some few have even materialized in
forms made from broken glass and automobile parts. In one
case, the creature actually took the form of a homid made
entirely from the bent and mutilated remains of a caseload

of silver-plated flatware it found in a junkyard. Whenever
possible, these Banes will use hard and/or jagged debris
from metal and plastic to create their forms.

Background: Phantasmi are created only from those
fomori that have died at the hands of Garou. They are
driven by pain and the need to destroy Garou in an attempt
to alleviate their agony. Each Phantasmus retains all of its
memories of life after the time it was corrupted by the
Wyrm. Each Phantasmus is given a semblance of life in the
Umbra, and given a certain amount of control in the
physical world. No Phantasmus has any control over its
location, and can normally materialize only in the place
where its first life ended. Occasionally, Black Spiral Danc-
ers or other agents of the Wyrm can summon these creatures
to their aid. The Phantasmi will always answer the call,
looking forward to being freed from their places of death.
Once summoned, a Phantasmus will attack any enemy that
the Wyrm agents point out, but it will only attack one
enemy and when it has finished defeating its foe, the
Phantasmus will do as it pleases. Most Phantasmi enjoy
killing as many Garou as possible, even Black Spiral
Dancers.

The Phantasmi have very limited mental capacities, and
as often as not will use all of their Gnosis until they have
faded from the material world, never worrying about gain-
ing more Gnosis until they once again find themselves
locked in the Umbra.

Phantasmi are in perpetual pain, and thus have phenom-
enal Rage scores, but think so slowly that they seldom
manage to use their Rage to serious advantage.

Storytelling Notes: There is no reasoning with these
Banes; the Phantasmi are all but mindless in their desire to
destroy all Garou.

Bitter Rages

The Garou called Dancer, better known by his homid
name of Stan Tyler, lapped at the waters of the Colorado
River and noticed with some disgust that even the sweet
waters would not take the sour taste from his mouth. The
light that made its way through the trees was bright enough
to scald his eyes, and this too was annoying. Three times
today, different members of the sept had asked him if he felt
well, and he promised himself that the next one to ask him
that question would die.

Stan Tyler shook his head, puzzled that such a thought
should cross his mind. The Children Of Gaia were sup-
posed to be peacemakers, not savages. Savagery was best
left to the Get of Fenris and the Black Furies; between those
two tribes the Garou had enough killing machines. Just
thinking of how those two tribes got along was enough to
make him snarl; why couldn't they put aside their stupid
disputes and just get along like the other tribes?

Chapter Five


Over his shoulder he saw Thunder Song, a truly beauti-
ful Garou if one had ever existed. Again he felt the shame
of his desire for her and again the shame filled him with a
burning fury. His vision swam in the fiery light of the setting
sun, and his ears throbbed with pain as she asked her
question: "Leaper, are you well? You look feverish. Leaper,
why are you staring at me that way? Was it something I
said?" He could stomach her patronizing questions no
longer. He felt the foam fall from his lips even as he
approached her startled form; this too made him angry.

The Bitter Rages are Banes created by the Wyrm in an
attempt to turn all Garou into Lunatics. These Banes exist
to drive Garou and homids alike into uncontrollable fren-
zies. On rare occasions, Bitter Rages have been known to
infest other creatures of Gaia, normally those that have
ventured too close to a lair of the Wyrm. To those homids
who study medicine and science, the effects of the Bitter
Rage appear to be a non-virulent form of rabies.

Rage 8, Willpower 8, Gnosis 6, Power 60

Charms: Airt Sense, Reform, Possession, Raging (Rag-
ing allows a Bitter Rage to increase its victim' s Rage by one
for every point of Power spent. The Bitter Rage will also
use the victim's own Gnosis to fuel this Rage, pulling the
victim further and further away from Gaia.)

Image: In the Umbra, these Banes appear as red clouds
slashed by black bolts of lightning and constantly moving
in patterns. In the Realm, the Bitter Rages are only seen
after they have infested a hapless Garou or homid.

Background: These Banes have hounded Gaia's chil-
dren from the dawn of time. The sole purpose of the Banes
is to drive the Garou into killing rages until they collapse.
Bitter Rages have been known to appear throughout Gaia.

The occasional outbreak of Bitter Rages is rare, but a
Garou infested with one of these Banes must be cured
within a short time or be lost forever to Gaia. Some few
suspect that the Bitter Rages are responsible for the loss of
the Black Spiral Dancer tribe to the Wyrm, but the older and
wiser Garou scoff at the notion, pointing out that the Black
Spiral Dancers are capable of rational thought, whereas one
who suffers from possession by a Bitter Rage can do
nothing but kill all that it sees.

Once possessed by a Bitter Rage, a homid or Garou will
start to act less rational every day, until the Bitter Rage has
complete control. Possession by a Bitter Rage is a slow and
painful process that flawlessly mimics an onslaught of
rabies, all the way down to frothing at the mouth and
seeping moisture at the eyes. The possessed Garou or
homid will act irrationally, lose control of his or her temper
more quickly than normal, and finally fly into an uncontrol-
lable and perpetual rage

After gaining control of a victim, the Bitter Rage will
constantly feed Rage to its host body, keeping the victim in
a frenzy that lasts until the victim is at the edge of death and
has collapsed in exhaustion. If the victim is then given a
chance torest, the Bane will again start feeding its host with

104

Rage, sending the feverish Garou or homid into a frenzy
again and again until death is a blessing.

The best way to fight a Bitter Rage is to go into the
Umbra, where the Bane can be seen for what it is: a cloud
of pain and suffering that enshrouds its victim, hounding
and prodding the possessed unto death. A Bitter Rage will
avoid actual physical combat for as long as possible, only
engaging in battle if its host is already dead. A Bitter Rage
who is presented with an opportunity for escape will do so,
fleeing into another part of the Umbra.

Storytelling Notes: Bitter Rages can only be defeated
on the Umbra, where they are particularly vulnerable.
Normally these Banes will do their best to avoid being
noticed until it is too late to save the Garou they possess. A
Bitter Rage will drive its victim away from its pack as soon
as it has gained possession.

Oases

Bites-At-Leeches was tired and thirsty. The day had
been spent in the city, seeking out the hiding places of the
Blood-Suckers and trying to killas many as possible. Today
she had been lucky; two of the Leech's servants, and the
Leech itself, had been in the house. The servants had died
fighting, and the Leech had shrieked away its miserable
existence as the Sun boiled the illusion of life from its
stinking, maggot-ridden corpse. It had been a good day.

The City was filled with the Wyrm's presence, and Bites-
At-Leeches wanted nothing but safety and sleep. Her nose
to the air, she sought a place to rest, a place where she
could hide from the Leeches that would soon hunt for her.
After several blocks she came to a small wooded area. The
Wyrm had not yet corrupted the small trickle of water that
ran across the ground in the Park, and no amount of
checking showed her even the slightest hint of litter or
homid filth. Truly she had found an oasis. Gaia was kind to
her warriors.

Bites-At-Leeches hid herself well, losing her scent in the
clean water and finding the shelter she sought in the bushes
near the stream. Even in the suburbs of the city it paid to be
cautious. As she started to close her eyes, the first spasms
of pain racked her body. Hot fever danced through her
stomach and limbs, and she knew that she had been fooled;
no oasis here, simply a deadly trap.

Bites-At-Leeches forced herself to her feet and stared at
the Wyrm-riddled ground on which she lay. A blighted
garden stared back. The shrubs in which she rested were
black and lifeless. The waters she had bathed in oozed with
the rainbow colors of oil slick, almost concealing the
brackish sludge beneath them. Bites-At-Leeches tried to
howl, to warn any other Garou from coming near this
place, this ghost of Gaia's life. Only a weak blood-soaked
cough fell from her lips. The poisons in her body thrust
against her heart; the world started fading away.

Oases are the remains of caerns that have long been
destroyed by the Wyrm, tiny seeds of life that have been
twisted into foul and poisonous wastelands. To the average

Book of the Wyrm


person they appear to be parks or even junkyards, but the
Banes that inhabit these areas thrive on tricking Garou into
thinking they have found a safe haven.

Rage 4, Willpower 8, Gnosis 5, Power 150

Charms: Mimicry (For one Power point a day, the Oasis
can simulate a glen or stream in order to seduce Garou and
other to rest within its embrace. The Oasis itself is power-
less to actually harm a Garou or homid, but it can seduce
other Banes into action by freely giving them points of its
own Power to attack the Garou. Simply having an enemy of
the Wyrm attacked while in its perimeters is enough to
restore lost Power to a Oasis), Moon Bridge (The Oasis can
act as a Moon Bridge for those Garou that have been
corrupted by the Wyrm, leading to other areas of corruption
(as a Level One caern). Any Garou can attempt to use these
Moon Bridges, but they are likely to be unhappy with the
results of success; most Garou take poorly to stepping from
a Moon Bridge into a large dump site for illegal toxic
waste)

Image: In the Umbra an Oasis appears in its true form:
a wasteland of Wyrm-blasted trees and waters, surrounded
by numerous Banes of almost any type. In the Realm, it
appears as a lovely spot, untouched by the Wyrm and its
servants.

Background: The Oasis exists only to lure unwary
Garou to their deaths or corruption. Its tactics are to look
pretty and to provide a means for other Banes to destroy or
seduce an unwary pack.

The Garou who enter an Oasis do not always die imme-
diately, but they do suffer from the exposure. An Oasis as
often as not contains Banes that willingly possess the
foolish Garou.

The Oasis itself is a larger Bane, capable of concealing
both its presence and the presence of other Banes in the
area. It cannot actively attack, but simply conceals those
that can. More often than not, several Blight Children will
be found in the same area as an O; s will other Naturae
that have fallen to the Wyrm. It is alleged by some that
Oases are byproducts of larger groups of such blighted
spirits.

Storytelling Not
and should be used s

Nocturnae

Great Lore could not figure out what was wrong with the
cub. Only two days before his rite of passage and he was
surly and angry at everything. His fellow cubs claimed he
was tossing and turning in his sleep, moaning about night-
mares. But this cub was important. The omens pointed out
that he was to be the one to lead the sept years from now.
Was he not Silver Fang?

These Banes are exceedingly rare
aringly.

Great Lore then realized what the problem was. The cub
was to be great, an important one. Thus his dreams were
important, and had a reality of their own. A reality open to
harm on the Umbra.

Chapter Five


Great Lore waited until the cub again showed signs of
the nightmare. Then he leaned over him and shifted to the
spirit plane. He was right — the cub was indeed powerful,
for a Chimare had formed around his dreams. And there
she was, the Nocturna that has caused the cub's pain.

She screamed in rage when she saw Great Lore. The
Nighthag would have to fight now to keep her lair, for such
a powerful lair it was...

The Nocturna, or Nighthag, is the warper of hopes and
dreams. TI rit wanders the Umbra in search of sleep-
ing humans. When it finds a sleeper whose dreaming mind
appeals to the Nocturna, the spirit will attempt to twist the
dream down a more sinister course. If the sleeper dreams of
prosperity and wealth, the Nocturna may corrupt the dream
into a fantasy where the dreamer gains wealth only to lose
it from the betrayal of a loved one. Dreams of love may turn
into terrifying nightmares in which the dreamer's lover
spurns and mocks him. No matter what the fantasy, a
Nocturna will cause the dream to devolve into a depressing,
hopeless situation.

Rage 7, Willpower 7, Gnosis 6, Power 35

Charms: Dream Warp (Power Cost |; to pervert dreams,
roll the Nocturna's Gnosis versus the victim's Willpower;
one success is required. For every five dreams warped, the
Nighthag receives five Power points), Materialize (Power
Cost 11; Str 4, Dex 2, Sta 2, Brawl 3)

Image: In her physical form, the Nocturna appears as a
terrifyingly beautiful woman with long tangled hair, sharp
claws, and a mouth filled with pus.

Background: Nocturnae are the warped and twisted
dreams of the Wyrm. They exist only to pervert the dreams
of others. A Nocturna will often physically manifest to a
dreamer who has refused to give in to the self-loathing it
encourages. It will then attack the human, attempting to rip
apart the unfortunate victim, limb from limb.

Nocturnae especially prefer to find Chimares where they
may build their lairs, lurking in the dreams of mortals and
slowly corrupting them into nightmares. Once a Nocturna
has built her nest in a dream realm, it is very hard to drive
her from it. From there, she will haunt the dreams of the
mortal. Psychoanalysis will not drive her away, for she
physically resides in the dream, and the words and chants
of the analyst will not harm her. Only by physically con-
fronting herin the Umbral dream realm can she be destroyed
or driven away.

Meat Puppets

Linda walked around the park. It was anice day. The sun
was just right; it fell on the autumn leaves and ignited their
colors. She always loved autumn.

She heard something in the bushes, a small, delicate
noise. And there, a kitten came out, ready to play. Linda
loved kittens. She put her hands out and gently called the
kitten over. It came right away, obviously not afraid of
people like some cats.

106 Book of the Wyrm


But what was that smell? What had the kitten been
playing in? Linda screamed in pain as the cute thing
scratched her with its claws. Claws too sharp for its age.
Her skin was laid open. And Linda realized what the smell
was when she got a closer look at the kitten. Its ribs were
showing where its rotten flesh had been eaten away by
vermin. Maggots crawled on the edges of the skin, feasting
while the kitten jumped about.

This couldn't be — the kitten was dead! Linda tried to
back away, but tripped on something and fell to the ground.
Itwas another kitten, just as putrid as the other one, and wet
also. Remains of a burlap sack could be seen between its
claws as it began to scratch Linda's face...

These spirits embody innocence defiled. Meat Puppets
wander the Umbra in search of those young beings (both
human and animal) who have suffered wrongful deaths. A
Meat Puppet will possess anything from a drowned kitten
to a young child beaten to death by her father.

Rage 9, Willpower 5, Gnosis 4, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Shroud of Flesh (Power Cost 1; if
a Meat Puppet is present within a minute of the time of
death the spirit can enter and possess the newly vacated
body. There is no resistance to the possession. Once in
control of the body the Meat Puppet will attempt to cause
pain and suffering to the living.)

Image: A freshly killed corpse.

Background: Meat Puppets hunger for the feel of young
flesh. They wish only to possess a body and wreak ven-
geance on those with "natural" bodies. However, they are
not strong enough to take a living body, so they prey upon
the dead. They possess the recently dead cadavers of young
children or animals.

Although individual Meat Puppets are not very strong,
they often appear in groups. Since their bodies have already
died, Meat Puppets attack unrelentingly and can only be
stopped by utterly destroying the host body. Thus even a
group of Meat Puppet "kittens" can be very dangerous.

Legends say that when Gaia chose which spirits would
live in flesh and which would be immaterial, these ones
were given immaterial existence. But they rebelled, and
sought aid from the Wyrm to get the bodies they sought.
They are immature spirits and only seek the dead bodies of
young children or animals.

Storytelling Notes: Meat Puppets can be very eerie and
plaintive dead children and cute animals, luring characters
in for the kill; conversely, they can be gross, disgusting
zombies.

Shade Spiders

Popping Tree and her packmates followed the lead of the
undead creature. The leather-clad vampire had promised
her pack much meat and many hunts if they would fight on
its behalf, and they'd been poor enough to agree. They
shifted to Crinos to climb the stairs of the warehouse where
Rip had told them the mage had his laboratory.

Chapter Five

Rip led them, a lone chalky man-shape amidst the five
wolf-people. He tried the lock with the stolen key. The door
opened on darkness — then he was gone. Suddenly an
alarm sounded and a great pottery jug crashed to the floor,
pushed by unseen hands.

Myriad tiny shapes swarmed over the Brujah and his
werewolf helpers. He swore and slashed at them with his
knives, his gun tumbling forgotten to the floor. The things
scrabbled on five legs, clawing at Poppy's eyes and mouth.
She shifted to lupus, tore at them as her thick fur protected
her.

She bumped into Eats Mice as he rolled to dislodge the
white attackers. He barked magic words to invoke an
amulet he bore; soon spirit power burned along his fur. The
things died easily but there were many of them.

Poppy shook more from her fur and opened her eyes as
Rip smashed the last of the things with his boots. He
grabbed a torch lying on a workbench, fumbled to light it.
Damn Leeches, Poppy thought, sure are handy with tools.
The flame licked along the floor, igniting the awful spiders
and burning the vampire's hands. "By Caine!" he shouted.
"Everybody okay?"

"Yeah, fine," called Ten Bulls, his Glabro form tower-
ing over the undead creature. "Now where's the treasure
you promised?" They set to ransacking the room as the
others healed themselves of cuts and bruises from the
spider-things. With horror, Popping Trees saw that they
were severed human hands, made to walk by magic. No
Garou ever did that, she thought. Then she saw the torch
lying on the floor where Rip had dropped it. Seizing it inher
mouth, she thought that there were other things fire could
hurt, and she was taking orders from one...

These awful monsters are quite small, from 10 to 30
centimeters in diameter. They have five or 10 limbs apiece,
fewer if they lose them in combat. Shade spiders are
actually severed human hands or pairs of hands. They
reproduce by attacking humans and amputating more of
their own kind. The humans usually resist.

Attributes: Strength 1, Stamina |

Rage 0, Gnosis 0, Willpower 1

Attacks: When shade spiders attack, first determine
how many there are. They attack in swarms: treat their
attack as one attack, rolling as many dice as there are
spiders.

Image: Shade spiders begin life rather awkwardly, as
the human hand was not designed for independent motion,
but they alter as time goes by. Slowly the fingers slip
toward a radial or symmetrical position, becoming like the
legs of a starfish or brittle star. The stump grows feelers for
smell and taste, while the translucent nails become five
ocelli.

Background: The spiders often attack in hordes, and
can be incredibly scary. Emphasize what the things used to
be when you narrate the episode. The spiders made from
Garou paws are scarier still, resembling tarantulas.

107


Rumors circulate that a human hand soaked in mummy-
elixir was the progenitor of these creatures. If so, the
original hand may yet be around. It is certain that its
progeny, unlike those of Caine, neither know nor care.

The shade spiders are magic things created by a Level
Three Thaumaturgical ritual known as Necromachy. The
necromacher needs to obtain a small amount of blood from
a vampire, usually one guilty of diablerie. If this is not
available, blood wept as tears may be substituted, but the
spiders will not be good fighters. The mage needs to
perform a long ritual to endow the severed hands with
vigor, but they do tend to last awhile, and can procreate.
Often a necromacher simply throws severed hands into a
jug where the spiders live and lets "nature" take its course.

They are unintelligent and ignorant of tactics. Health
Levels are meaningless for such small creatures; any hit
will kill them, and area-effect weapons will kill more than
one, if possible.

The spiders are able to see and sense in darkness and can
even function underwater. They do not visit the spirit
world, or even know of it.

Mall Walkers

"Jackie's such a zoner! Like, all she wants to do any-
more is hang around the mall! She asks me today, right,
like, when the trig test is, and I'mlike, be for real, it was last
week!"

Victims of Mall Walker Bane possession listlessly
shamble through suburban shopping centers, consumed by
greed for things they can't afford and wasting their lives
away under fluorescent lights. Mall Walker fomori often
shoplift and neglect normal responsibilities, spending all
available time hanging around the mall. You know the
type.

Rage 2, Willpower 3, Gnosis 4, Power 10

Charms: Possession, Drain Mental Attributes (Power
Cost 5/week; drains one level of a Mental Attribute from
the host per week, converting it into 10 Power points for the
Bane. Attribute loss lasts one week per point lost), Airt
Sense

Image: A slow, amorphous sponge floating in the Um-
bra near its victim.

Background: This Bane drains Intelligence from its
victim at a rate of one point per week, followed by Wits and
finally Perception. The Bane then converts the Attributes
into Power for itself. When the Bane gets bored with
guiding a mindless husk around (usually within a month or
two), it leaves. By this time, however, the host's life is
pretty well screwed up. Young Garou are not immune to
this kind of possession. Mall Walkers have no effective
means of fighting, and flee if confronted in the Umbra.

Raptors

Just like a car crash, just like a knife, my favorite weapon
is the look in your eyes.

— Ministry, "Stigmata"
108 Book of the Wyrm


This Bane may provide an answer to those players who
wonder how that obnoxious sleaze in the corner always
seems to have a partner. The Raptor feeds off sexual lust,
not for normal attraction and affection but for desperation
and conquest. It gravitates toward humans whose sexual
frustrations have, for whatever reason, turned into bitter-
ness, then possesses them and leads them into greater and
greater perversions.

Rage 5, Willpower 6, Gnosis 5, Power 20 (+ 3 to 10 per
conquest)

Charms: Possess, Airt Sense, Enhance (Cost 3; the
Bane grants its fomor three points of Subterfuge for three
Power per week. It may increase its host's Appearance at a
cost of an additional two Power per point per week, to a
maximum of four extra points.)

Image: The Raptor resembles a strange flower with
legs. Its legs are usually adorned with S & M gear.

Backgrounds: This Bane feeds threefold from its fomori:
from the energy generated by intercourse, from the pain of
the lovers the host uses and then discards, and from the
burning lust of the host himself. Unless the Bane is some-
how overcome, the host spirals down into rape, degradation
and even murder.

A Raptor gains at least three points of Power for
every "lover" the human host takes, and is always
greedy for more. The Bane may gain up to 10
Power per fling depending on the amount
of abuse the host inflicts on his part-
ners. Hosts possessed for over a
year manifest sexual mutations out
of Freud's worst nightmares.

Raptors despise the Pentex-cre-
ated Enticers, and will try to use
their fomori against them. Pentex
originally tried linking Raptors to
its cosmetics, but the Banes would
not cooperate. It should also be
noted that Raptors have nothing to
do with sexuality or desire, hetero-
sexual or otherwise. Their province
is pain.

Saryers

Iwatch you eat, I see you sleep, I see
you in between your sheets, oh, no,
there Iam...

—Concrete Blonde, "Over Your
Shoulder"

Scryers are a weak type of Bane whose
only apparent purpose is reconnoitering
for stronger Banes. The more powerful
Banes then reward or punish Scryers with
the Power upon which the Scryers feed.

Rage 2, Willpower 4, Gnosis 7, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Reform, Report (A mental link to
its master; Power Cost 1/turn), Scry (Power Cost 1/scene;
allows the Bane to "peek" into the material world and use
the Gift: Scent of the True Form)

Image: In the Umbra they appear as lumbering, thin,
fleshy creatures with beady eyes.

Background: Subjects in the physical realm may not
see a Scryer while it peeks at them without using either
Pulse of the Invisible or Umbral Sight, but certain Garou
(those with Gnosis of 7 or higher) may feel uneasy beneath
the Scryer's gaze.

This unease may become extreme after long periods of
time. Garou without the Gifts necessary to find their tor-
mentors may even be slowly driven mad by constant
observation. The gaze of a Scryer may tickle, tingle or even
burn one who can feel it, though it does no physical
damage.

A Scryer usually bonds to a particular Bane or other
master (a Black Spiral Dancer, perhaps), exchanging a
period of observation for Power. Usually the patron grants
the Scryer between five to 10 Power for a given task, or

Chapter Five


more if the observation takes place over an extended period
of time. If the Scryer fails its master in some way, however,
the master may remove five to 10 Power from the Scryer's
being, possibly destroying it for a time.

These cowardly Banes have no means of attack, and use
their Reform Charm to escape when detected.

Fetishes

The following fetishes are often found in the hands of
Black Spiral Dancers and even some fomori. They are often
created by painfully grafting spirits into the binding ob-
jects. Banes, however, often volunteer to enter into objects
on the promise that they will be used to inflict misery on
others.

Black Spiral Fetishes

Bane Lantern

Level 2, Gnosis 5

The Bane Lantern is a steel lantern painted with special
markings. It casts a light of an unnatural purplish hue when
commanded to ignite (the command must be spoken in
Gaelic or Pictish). The Bane Lantern's light allows all
spirits hit by the beam to be seen. The beam draws all spirits
in the vicinity to it, like moths to a flame, whether through
some sort of power or the curiosity of the spirits.

Banesword

Level 6, Gnosis 7

The Banesword is a beautifully crafted sword used by
the Black Spiral Dancers. It is almost exactly like the Silver
Sword, except for the powers it grants. While it does
provide one extra die in melee, it also allows its wielder to
siphon Gnosis from its targets; the wielder may then use it
himself. Roll the sword's Gnosis versus the target's (only

110

after a successful hit that does at least one Health Level
after soaking). The number of successes is the amount of
Gnosis drained. The sword is usable only once per oppo-
nent per scene.

Churjurocs Cu

Brush of the Andents

Level 1, Gnosis 8

Also called the Omen Brush, this small paintbrush
allows the Black Spiral to paint intricate and accurate
scenes, guided by the hands of an ancestor. These paintings
often depict scenes of things past and things yet to come.
An Intelligence + Enigmas roll (difficulty 7) is required to
understand the meaning of the painting.

Churjuroés Tusk

Level 5, Gnosis 9

This blackish-purple tusk belonged to a creature of the
Wyrm. It was destroyed by the Black Spirals because it
attempted to eat members of the tribe. There are said to be
seven of these tusks (the creature had four mouths) still in
existence. Each tusk is about two feet long. It is capped with
a platinum ball on one end and there are detailed carvings
all the way up the tusk itself. The tusk may be used to
summon a Nexus Crawler once per full moon. The Bane
must be appeased with the sacrifice of a Garou (even if itis
the summoner). The Bane will then perform a mission of 24
hours' duration or less for the summoner.

Deathrattler

Level 3, Gnosis 6

This fetish is made from the tail rattle of a creature
similar to a rattlesnake; this rattle is attached to a walnut
handle. The rattler has the power to frighten away all
animals within hearing range. All Garou (other than the
wielder) who hear the rattle may run away: roll the rattler's
Gnosis vs. the Willpower of the victim(s). The number of
successes is the number of turns the target(s) will flee.

Book of the Wyrm


Delirium Mask

Level 2, Gnosis 7

This is a stone helmet which entirely covers the face.
Anyone wearing the mask, even a non-Garou, can induce
the Delirium effect in specific people. The chosen victim
will react to the wearer as if she were actually a werewolf
in Crinos form, even if she is not a werewolf. The face of
the mask is usually carved to resemble some horrible
demonic visage.

Devilwhip

Level 2, Gnosis 6

This is a Bane's tentacle enchanted to exist permanently
in the material world. The devilwhip has a handle sewn
over the end (where it was ripped from a Bane). It is solid
black, slick in texture and nearly 15 feet long.

A lesser Bane now resides in the devilwhip, endowing
the whip with the power to animate on command. In
combat, the whip swirls and cracks with a life of its own.
The whip has the same effect as if the Black Spiral were
actually wielding it as a normal whip, but it gives the
wielder two extra dice in melee. When cracked at an
individual (one action), the whip causes her to fall prostrate
to the floor unless she successfully rolls Willpower against
a difficulty equal to the whip's Gnosis.

It is said that some of these whips, upon striking a foe,
make a noise resembling homid laughter.

Magic Spewer

Level 4, Gnosis 5

The Magic Spewer is a device made from a homid skull.
It has a handle on top allowing it to be easily carried. The
lower jaw is hinged to the rest of the skull by leather bands.
The Magic Spewer's eyes glow red when itis active and the
lower jaw moves on its own. On command, the skull vomits
forth a stream of viscous, foul-smelling toxic waste. Any-
one hit by the slime of the Spewer takes damage as if it were
biochemical. It does three Health Levels (difficulty 7).

Chapter Five

A side effect that will not show up until weeks later is
that anyone hit by the slime will become diseased. The
target must heal this illness with Mother's Touch or Resist
Toxin or suffer some type of detrimental effect (Storyteller's
discretion; be as nasty as possible).

Soul Ruby

Level 5, Gnosis 7

The Soul Ruby is an extremely large ruby. The stone's
innate value is nearly incalculable, but its main benefit is
that it contains the essence of a Black Spiral Dancer. The
ruby gives telepathic advice to the possessor; furthermore,
it usually has a number of Knowledge Abilities (deter-
mined by the Storyteller) which it can impart to the possessor.
The dead Garou may also visit the fetish holder in his
dreams, possibly offering glimpses of the future.

Spirit Net

Level 3, Gnosis 5

The Spirit Net is similar to a fisherman's net. It can be
spread out over an area of several hundred yards. It is
invisible in the Umbra, and may be used to capture nearby
spirits. The spirits must make Rage rolls (difficulty 9) to
pe the net. If more than three succ s are made, the
spirit tears a hole in the net at that spot and the difficulties
of any future escape attempts by spirits are reduced by one.
The hole appears in the physical world, as do the outlines
of any spirits caught in the net.

Cambertails Heart

Level 2, Gnosis 7

This is the mummified heart of a Fianna Theurge. The
heart now contains a Bane. The heart has the power to pump
whenever danger threatens. The heart can also be ci
manded to drive off unfriendly spirits; as it does thi
casts a reddish glow and makes a noise that sounds |
feedback.

Magic Spewer

111


Umbraphone

Level 1, Gnosis 3

This is acommon fetish among the Black Spiral Dancers
who work for Pentex. It is a cellular phone that can be used
to make calls to and from the Umbra. The phone has no
other purpose. Some say there are a few Rolodexes floating
around in the Umbra with the numbers of several hundred
Banes, Weaver spirits, Glass Walkers and Black Spiral
Dancers.

Umbrascope
Level 2, Gnosis 4
The Umbrascope allows a Garou to look into the Umbra

without entering it. The Umbrascope is usually housed in

a pair of binoculars or a hand-held telescope.

Warshirt of the Voyrm

Level 3, Gnosis 6

Wyrm Fang Dagger

This is a leather tunic with a number of mystic designs
drawn upon it. The shirt grants the wearer three additional
dice of Stamina for the purpose of soaking damage. It
changes shape as the wearer changes forms and is just as
effective in the Umbra. If a wound ever does get through the
Warshirt, the shirt lets out a deafening wail from the pain
and red blood runs down the outside of the shirt.

Wyrm Fang Dagger

Level 3, Gnosis 6

These knives are said to be the rotten teeth of the Wyrm,
fallen or pulled from it and made into combat weapons.
Were they indeed the actual teeth, they would be very rare,
but these "relics" are actually quite common. The daggers
are found in many gatherings of Black Spiral Dancers.
Elders sell them to impressionable young cubs, telling
them whata "great and rare item itis, won by harsh and bold
means. You are young, and need it more than I do. But such
a thing cannot merely be given, so I will accept a token
payment, to avoid insulting the beast which gave its tooth.
Perhaps a mere (insert very valuable object here)?" The

cubs often get savage when they realize they have been
taken.

However, the strange thing about these knives is that
some of them actually possess power. These knives inflict
aggravated damage to any wounded by them, causing
festering wounds. The wounds will blacken and spread
pestilence through the whole body unless the victim can be
magically healed (Mother's Touch, Resist Toxin). Only
about one in 10 daggers possesses this ability.

Wyrm-Gut Bonds

Level 2, Gnosis 5

These are strands of especially strong gut that cannot be
cut or burned (except with appropriate magic). Struggling
against the bonds causes nausea unless a Stamina roll can

Book of the Wyrm


against the bonds causes nausea unless a Stamina roll can
be made against the Gnosis of the bonds. The only way to
escape is by twisting in certain ways while changing forms
in a certain order: Crinos form to stretch the bindings;
Hispo or Lupus to slip the loops over the head; Glabro or
Homid to slip the lower body through; back to Lupus to slip
the paws through. All these maneuvers require Dexterity +
Athletics rolls (difficulty 7) in addition to the normal rolls
to transform. Five successes are required by the end. If not
enough successes are achieved, the character is free but
takes one aggravated Health Level for every success less
than five (broken bones inflicted by the tight bonds).

Clothing By Mister Lucan

Smart, stylish, sexy. The best clothing money can buy,
crafted to your specifications by the tailors of the world-
famous Mr. Lucian. For those of lesser means, Mr. Lucian
has an economy line of quality limited-edition suits and
gowns. And Mr. Lucian's exclusive line of dress and
walking shoes is said to be the best in the world. Comfort-
able, functional, yet stylish. Each Mr. Lucian creation is a
mark of status and distinction.

Each Mr. Lucian creation also bears the mark of the
Wyrm. Though not fetishes in the classic sense, the cloth-
ing of Mr. Lucian is interwoven with spell threads that
accent the most negative aspects of the wearer's personal-
ity. As Mr. Lucian's usual clients tend to be the aggressively
style-conscious rich, this enchanted clothing tends to in-
crease the owner's ruthlessness, greed, vanity and
selfishness.

Mr. Lucian is actually a Black Spiral Dancer gifted with
unusual good looks, impeccable style, and a talent for self-
promotion. His rare public appearances and refusal to grant
interviews have led the fashion world to christen him a
reclusive genius, ensuring a long line to his door.

The process of creating the garments is difficult, and not
entirely undetectable. The Sense Wyrm or Sense Magic
Gifts can spot bespelled clothing for what it is. Garou with
a Gnosis of 7 or higher will be uncomfortable in the
presence of someone wearing clothing by Mr. Lucian.

A full suit of this clothing possesses a Gnosis of 7. A
single item possesses a rating of 5. If a Garou wishes to
wear an item of bespelled clothing, roll the clothing's
Gnosis verses the character's Willpower. Success brings
out the character's worst traits. The more successes, the
worse the character behaves.

Mr. Lucian's clothing carries no special defenses. Any-
thing that would damage normal high-quality clothing will
destroy the enchantments. Spell-bound clothing does not
protect the wearer in any way. Special suits woven with
additional protection are possible, but these items are
generally meant to corrupt.

Some exceedingly exclusive clothiers carry items crafted
by Mr. Lucian, starting at over $1,000 a suit. Most of the
time, however, Mr. Lucian's clients buy directly from him.
In addition to allowing the Black Spiral to tailor the spell to

the victim's own personality, this arrangement ensures a
steady market from the super-rich, for whom the most
unattainable things hold the most value. Clothing bought
this way costs no less than $5,000 per outfit, and there is a
long waiting list.

Locating Mr. Lucian requires at least 10 successes on an
Intelligence + Resources roll (difficulty 8); this is an
extended action. Only a select few are allowed an appoint-
ment. Garou who discover the true purpose of Mr. Lucian's
clothing could spend an entire story locating and stopping
the Black Spiral Dancer.

Calens

Bean Bane

Gnosis 7

A Bean Bane is a small dried bean of any type. The bean
has a Bane placed within it. If the bean is ever planted in the
dirt, the Bane will be freed from the bean. For the first few
turns (one per Gnosis success; difficulty 6) after it "sprouts"
it will be able to Materialize itself without having to expend
any of its own Power. These Banes are usually inclined to
help Black Spiral Dancers.

This bean's effects on the gastro-intestinal system of a
creature who consumes it are best left to the Storyteller's
fiendish imagination.

Dragon's Jchor

Gnosis 5

Usually found in small jars or vials, Dragon's Ichor is
black blood taken from a powerful Wyrm creature. If the
ichor is rubbed all over the body it will cause the Black
Spiral Dancer to become temporarily immune to all attacks
from spirits. This effect lasts for only five turns. Usually
there is only enough blood contained in one of these jars for
two uses.

Goblin Ale

Gnosis 4

This is an alcoholic beverage which is normally obtained
from faeries. Goblin Ale contains spirits which enter the
drinker. The spirits cause the individual to suffer hallucina-
tions; the drinker might even accidentally enter the Umbra.
Despite these negative effects, Goblin Ale is more intoxi-
cating than any homid-brewed ales. Goblin Ale is used at
many Black Spiral Moots.

Storm ina B

Gnosis 6

This is a bottle which contains a Wyrm-tainted storm.
The storm is terrible on both the physical world and the
Umbra. It strikes any exposed enemy of the Wyrm with a
lightning bolt unless the victim makes a Dexterity + Athlet-
ics roll (difficulty 6). The lightning does four Health Levels
of damage. The lightning will only strike an individual
once.

Doidstone

Gnosis 5

This powerful object is a small, smoothly polished black
stone. If it is thrown at any one target, and makes a

Chapter Five 113


successful Gnosis roll vs. the target's Gnosis, that target is
forever banished from the material world, though it may
still exist on the Umbra. Voidstones may only be used once
each, and they are exceedingly rare.

Wyrm-wood

Gnosis 3

Wyrm-wood is a blackened vine growing unnaturally
deep within the earth. When enough of this wood is col-
lected and burned, it has the power to protect all within the
range of its horrible smell from attacks by spirits of all
sorts, regardless of the spirits' power.

(Dangerous Toys

The Wyrm's corruption knows no special age group, and
Pentex is pleased to release toys from its subsidiary com-
panies to any and all children, ages two and up. These toys
canrange from cute little teddy bears and jack-in-the-boxes
all the way to computer games with subliminal messages.

These fetishes often work very well, as most children
have Willpower ratings of 1 or 2.

Mister Mystic

Tommy and Jason looked at the sinister figure centered
on the table; Tommy was smiling, Jason looked cynical.
"There's no way it can tell the future, it ain't possible,"
Jason declared. At the ripe old age of 12, Jason was certain
that he understood the ways of the world.

Tommy looked at Jason and sneered. "I already tol' ja,
it don't tell the future, it gives you the answers to secrets."
He held the heavy plastic figure of Mister Mystic in his
hands, adoration on his face. "It tells you the future of
things you want to know about."

Jason stared at the eyes of the statue, wondering how
they made the eyes glow that way. "Okay, let me try it," he
demanded, reaching for the toy. Tommy let him take it,
smiling to himself as he watched. Jason stared into the
figure's eyes, concentrating on what it was he wanted to
know. "Will I ever get a copy of X-Frenzy #1?" The
question was simple, only a small test to see if the stupid
statue worked. Jason almost dropped the toy when he heard
the answer in his mind:

"You can't afford a copy of X-Frenzy #1, Jason. But
there is a way... Tommy has two copies all to himself. Mint
condition and just waiting to be read. They're in his closet,
top shelf and off to the left. Do you want them? Then here's
what you have to do..."

Level 1, Gnosis 5

Mister Mystic, and its counterpart Sister Mystic, are
simple dolls dressed in the sinister clothing of a stage
magician and a fortune teller respectively. Their appeal to
children is the fact that these toys actually speak to them,
telling them secrets and how to get what they want for
nothing. Their appeal to parents is that the little lumps of
plastic only cost $3.95 retail and seem to keep children

114 Book of the Wyrm


enthralled for hours. These dolls only activate for children
or teenagers, and only when the parents are not around. The
dolls make suggestions that can only be heard by the person
touching them, and only the desire to listen is necessary to
start them talking.

The Banes that are trapped in these dolls are Corruptive,
and attempt to drain the Willpower of the children when-
ever they are held (Gnosis vs. Willpower in a resisted roll;
each success drains one Willpower point). Should the child
ever be brought down to zero Willpower, the Banes are
released into the child's body with full mental recollection
of how the child acts. The child that has been corrupted is
imprisoned within the doll and must in turn corrupt another
body before being freed. These dolls are brand-new to the
market, but stores have already been selling out within a
day of them being placed on the shelves.

Doctor Chuckles Surgery Kit

Amy kissed her father goodnight, allowed herself to be
tucked into bed, and tolerated a goodnight kiss from her
mother, content in the knowledge that this would be the last
goodnight kiss ever.

Almost two hours passed before she heard the television
switch off and the sound of her parents' footsteps as they
went into their own bedroom. Still she waited, patiently
examining the plastic scalpel and stethoscope. The clock
on her wall moved slowly, but that just gave her time to
decide which of her family to operate on first. Amy lifted the

Chapter Five

plastic syringe from its spot in the Doctor Chuckles Sur-
gery Kit and felt the fluids sloshing around inside; she
watched as the thick plastic nub of a needle became a thin,
stainless steel tube leading to the venom inside the main
body; she watched as the white plastic body of the syringe
became clear heavy glass revealing the oily black liquid
inside.

Amy slipped out of bed and pulled on her Doctor Chuck-
les Surgery Mask, breathing in the sweet odor that was only
present when the sun had set and her folks were somewhere
else...at least that's the way it had always been until
tonight. She'd given it a great deal of thought, and she had
decided that she would work on Mommy and Daddy first.
Toby, her little baby brother, would wait for last; he was the
one that had stopped her last night with his nasty crying,
and this time she wanted to make certain she would be
undisturbed when she got to work on him. ~

The light from the bathroom was on, as always, and the
yellow light glinted off the razor-keen scalpel in her tiny
fist. "Daddy first, daddy said he had a headache." Under
the surgical mask, Amy felt a smile break on her face.
"Doctor Chuckles says we have to operate...No more head,
no more ache

Level 1, Gnosis: 10

Want to see a proud parent? Give a kid a Doctor Chuck-
les Surgery Kit and watch the kid's parents smile, content
in the knowledge that their child wants to be a doctor
someday. This adorable little fetish all but guarantees it!

115


Soon Junior will have all the neces
arms and legs and even those annoying hearts and lungs.
Just say where it hurts and go to sleep! Junior' I] fix that pain
once and for all.

sary skills to remove

With a successful Gnosis vs. Willpower roll, the Doctor
Chuckles Surgery Kit will endow your child with all the
surgical skills of the very best Grand Inquisitor, and at no
extra charge to you, your child gets a syringe full of muscle-
paralyzing venom (successful Gnosis vs. the victim's
Stamina), good for as many as seven full-grown Garou!
The bad news is that only one child can ever use the kit; the
good news is that at $3.99 apiece, they're practically a
steal!

By the time your child is done, you'll be dead, or you too
will be a fomor.

New Glow-JIn-The-Dark Gooshy Gooze

Dan pulled his Gooshy Gooze from its adorable little
plastic container, the one with the DANGER: RADIOAC-
TIVE WASTE sign painted on the side in non-toxic labels.
The cold, snot-like mass immediately began slobbering
between his fingers and oozing to the floor. Dan quickly
looked around, making absolutely certain that his parents
hadn't come into the house; if they saw him playing on the
carpet with the Gooshy Gooze, he'd have a blistered butt
for a week.

In the kitchen the phone rang, demanding Dan's atten-
tion. Dan slopped the Gooshy Gooze back into its container

116

Book of the Wyrm

a
=
D4
<
y
Kw

and ran to the phone as it rang for the third time. He
answered all his father's questions honestly, except for the
one about behaving, and said that he could take care of
dinner —no, he didn't mind that his folks were going to be
late; would they bring him home something? Of course they
would.

Dan only wanted to get back to playing with his Gooshy
Gooze, not knowing that his Gooshy Gooze wanted the
same thing. Out from the can it slurped, rolling eagerly
towards Dan's legs. It waited impatiently for him to get off
of the phone, knowing that any early warnings would have
the parents returning to its new lair. Dan hung up the
receiver and turned back toward the living room. He never
had a chance to scream.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 0 (in host
body 4), Charisma 0 (in host body 3), Manipulation 0 (in
host body 3), Appearance 0 (in host body 2), Perception 2,
Intelligence 1, Wits 1

Abilities: Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Survival 2

Powers: Gooshy Goozes force themselves down their
victims' throats (Strength + Athletics vs. Dexterity + Dodge;
three successes required). Gooshy Goozes are capable of
changing their victims into the same substance they are
made of, and while the process is occurring, are capable of
anything that the child is physically capable of: knifing
Grandma, burning down the house, the usual stuff. The
transformation is extremely slow, depleting one Health
Level a day from the host until the victim is Incapacitated,


at which time the change is complete. This transformation
costs one of its host's Gnosis points per day. While in this
"breeding stage" the effective Health Levels of the Gooze
are the same as those of its host (three to four for a small
child).

Rage 2 (in host body 6), Gnosis 5, Willpower 5

Health Levels: 2, but Gooshy Goozes can only be hurt by
fire, electricity or freezing.

Image: This snot-like substance comes in seven differ-
ent colors, all glow-in-the-dark and all neon-bright.

Background: Gooshy Gooze is guaranteed to be a
million laughs. It swishes, it sloshes, it oozes and it goozes.
It also forces itself down the throats of unsuspecting chil-
dren when they're left alone at night.

Gooshy Gooze is another wonderful "non-toxic" cre-
ation of the Pentex family of companies. Like most of the
dangerous toys from Pentex, Gooshy Gooze doesn't kill, it
corrupts. Unlike most of the dangerous toys, this is not a
simple fetish; it is a creature with a mind of its own and
needs no child to do its work.

Gooshy Gooze devours its prey from the inside, destroy-
ing innocence and sanity as it goes. By the time Gooshy
Gooze has finished its consumption, it has transmogrified
the hapless child into an equivalent volume of Gooshy
Gooze. Most of the Gooshy Gooze then oozes its way back
to any of 200 factories nationwide; it is subsequently
redistributed to any of Pentex's countless "bubble gum
machines" where it can again be picked up for a measly 25
cents. Many children learn from their friends that these
particular machines will sometime even dispense the Gooshy
Gooze without a quarter; you just have to turn the knob, and
as often as not, the Gooshy Gooze is yours.

Storytelling Notes: As they have only rudimentary
brains, Gooshy Goozes will attack any individual that is
under three feet in height and alone. You too can corrupt a
poodle!

Action Bill Special Police Badge

Pete fondled the Action Bill Special Police Badge in his
pocket. What would Action Bill do in this situation? Wasn't
Action Bill one of the good guys? Pete shook his head,
puzzled by what the badge kept telling him to do. It wouldn't
have bothered him as much if the badge didn't talk in Action
Bill's voice.

"It's okay, Pete. I wouldn't tell you it was okay if it
wasn't, would I? You can trust me, Action Bill never lies."
Action Bill had explained everything. All he had to do was
take what he wanted from the toy store, but he had to do it
carefully and avoid being caught. "It's all part of the
Action Bill's Danger Squad training; if you get away with
it, the Danger Squad sends the money to pay for everything
you took. But if you get caught, you have to take the rap,
because Action Bill's Danger Squad is a Top Secret Orga-
nization..."

Pete knew that was true. He watched Action Bill's
Danger Squad every day when he got home from school. He

even had all of the Action Bill action figures at home. He
hadn't been able to get the Action Bill Weapons Set for his
birthday; somehow it had been overlooked by his parents.
Pete looked around the store, noticing that the two clerks
were talking about some little kid that had been in here the
other day, and what they would have liked to have done to
that little kid when they caught him.

Pete pinned the Action Bill Badge to his Action Bill T-
Shirt, and reached into his pocket again. There it was,
Dad's Swiss Army knife. He'd watched Daddy sharpen the
blade just the other day, and he knew it would be a good
substitute for the Action Bill Weapons Set he was here to
pick up. He looked at the price tag on the package: $27.95.
He understood why his parents hadn't picked it up for him
already; that was kind of expensive, even for Action Bill
stuff. Maybe if he ran really fast, he could get past the
clerks; even if he couldn't, he still had the knife. The
weapons set was meant to be his, Action Bill had even told
him so...

Level 1, Gnosis 6

Action Bill's Badge can only be ordered through the
mail, free of charge with any two proofs of purchase from
other Action Bill products. Like all of the Action Bill
products, the Badge is based on the popular weekday
cartoon and the monthly comic book. Unlike all the other
Action Bill products, the Badge helps your children learn
how to get what they want at any cost — preferably through

Chapter Five


stealth, but if violence is necessary, Action Bill under-
stands.

Action Bill's Badge is one of the more blatant fetishes
created by the Pentex conglomerate, for it lacks the conniv-
ing subtlety of most others. Rather than confuse or possess
the child's mind, Action Bill's Badge uses outright entice-
ment, explaining to the child that he or she is now an
agent-in-training, and has to keep quiet about the training
or be fired before even having a chance to fight the evil
minions of W.O.L.F. Name a kid who doesn't want to save
the world from Wolf-Commander and his evil troops and
Action Bill will show you a coward who loves evil. What
kid would want that hanging over his or her head? Action
Bill is a hero. Wouldn't you want to train with him too?

The Badge and the child make a resisted Gnosis vs.
Willpower roll. Ifthe Badge scores more successes than the
child, the child will literally lose all moral inhibitions; he
will be convinced that Action Bill wants him to join the

Danger Squad, and equally convinced that even deaths will
be fixed by the Danger Squad. If the only way to get that
bottle of rum, the one that Action Bill says is needed to win
the next test, is to beat Mommy's head in with a shovel,
Action Bill will fix the troubles; after all, not even the bad
guys get hurt on the Action Bill and The Danger Squad
show...

The Badge prefers that its bearer not get into too much
trouble, simply enough to ensure a definite corruption by
the Wyrm. As a result, most of these badges don't goad
their owners into acts more felonious than simple shoplift-
ing, at least not until they're old enough to handle a gun.
After that, it's time for Action Bill's Advanced Training,
where you too can learn how to rob a bank, or pass along
that secret antidote to W.O.L.F.'s mind-controlling gasses
(in the form of heroin or crack cocaine). Once the Badge
has corrupted a child to the Danger Squad, the child will
secretly carry the Badge until the day he dies, convinced
that the training will soon be over.

118 Book of the Wyrm


a: . es - ‘
. ae
e = ‘ . Fy oak * .
e . e me ‘ : 24 ° .
e be . 7. . e
. .
.
.
. ob x
. Lal ;
.
: .
The Tides of Corruption
Bae ae From the foul realm of Malfeas, hidden in the Deep Umbra, the most
powerful servitors of the Wyrm hatch their plots for world destruction.

: Tee The heralds of rot and decay spread into the pure realms to plunder

j - and corrupt. Gaia dies and the Wyrm laughs.
BG
| <A Storm of Destruction
° The Balance has been shattered. The Wyrm wraps its coils about the

world and squeezes. Before such a horror only the Garou stand
uncorrupted — but for how long? The end is nigh.

Book of the Wyrm includes:

* Detailed information on the Black Spiral Dancers, the hideous
"lost tribe" of the Garou.

* The subsidiaries of Pentex Incorporated and their machinations
Ryay, for power and conquest.

1 47-4 Traits and rules for hordes of creatures, Banes, fomori,

) dread Incarna and many more minions of the Wyrm.

WE he EWOL:

i 4598-B STONEGATE IND. BLYD.
STONE MTN., GA 30083

ISBN 1-56504-041-4
WW 3200 $1

ISBN

CR —= ae

3 Ye WS
