# File: Breedbook 2 - Nuwisha.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook for Werewolf: Che Apocaliypse=
Chatiging Breed Book 2

ART BY STEVE PRESCOTT

= aes

IN BY JAMES A. MOORE


SOME PEOPLE NEVER LEARN. IT's NOT THEY
{ COLOR OF THE SKIN, BUT THE PERSON WHO > 7 {
b. WEARS THe SKIN THAT MATTERS. ml

SOME PEOPLE
NEED A LESSON
IN MANNERS TO
REMIND THEM.

AINT'CHOO A
CAIN'T Fue OUT LITTLE FAR AWAY

THEY AIN'7- FROM THE
WANTED HERE IN A BA RESERVATION?,

(2 TM HERE TO MEET THE
TRAIN. ILL BE GONE SOON,

~-: WHAT'O YOU SAY? !/!

THEY DON'T LET
INTUNS ON THE TRAIN.
Si THE LADIES ON THERE x
DON'T WANT NO £/E "OnLy THE TRUTH. ny
ae , ‘CALM DOWN BEFORE :
Ae you GET HURT. PA

+ CRAWL ON YOU LIKE
\ A SéCONe SKIN. Z lA


LET'S SEE HOW WELL YOU LAUGH + a
WHEN THE 7@A//V RUNSYA OVER! Peres aya as
: ai Z "NOW, CLEETUS, YOU'LL

ee.
 GOOD-BYE,
CLEETUS._.
5 i
G-GET OFFA ME!
YOULL KILL US BOTH!

/ | FORGIVE you. ®
+ YOURE S7UP/D
AND DON'T KNOW
ANY BETTER.

I-l COULON'T $7@F IN TIME...

TRAIN DONE KNOCKED THE LIRIEONO >On Briel

INJUN CLEAN Q@/7 OF HIS
SKIN! AIN'T THAT A S/GH7z;

OMIGOD, CLEETUS. (URP)
(OH DEAR LORD IN HEAVEN-


perce
| COMLD HAVE LET Him

FOOLISH CLEETUS. NO WYRM-7AIV7T
LIVE, BUT HE WASN'T &

ON THE TRAIN. THERE

| B) EVEN IN DEATH, HE ¥
Nee OORT = oe DELAYED my
Seo

JOURNEY By
DELAYING THE TRAIN.
BUT NOW | HAVE my
CHANCE TO LEARN
OF THIS RAILROAD'S,

SECRETS.

AIN'T NO WAY THIS
HAD A PERSON IN IT.
YOU BOYS ARE

YOU OUGHT TO
GO SEE Doe
YVALKEN BURG.
SOMEONE
CALL THE

NEVER 4S AT THIS

POINT IN ITS JOURNEYS

BUT WHEN IT
REACHES
CALIFORNIA, THERE
ARE NEVER ANY
HUMANS LEFT - ONLY
BANE-INFESTED
UCEKERIES.

(WHAT IN THE


mommy! mommy!
LOOK AT THE
SKY!

THREE ACES ANDO

NICE, DEAR. GO EM ANDO WEEP.
BACK TO SLEEP.

MOMMY, |S PALLY
REALLY WAITING
FOR US IN SAN

FRANCISCO?


NOW | KNOW. | ALMOST WISH |
DIDN'T, BUT NOW | KNOW. |Z

ONE THING AT A TIME. &

é . 2 4 THE 7RAIN FIRST. THE Je
P| CONT KNOW HOW | WILL A COORWAY WILL WAIT) BERET TRICKSTER, GRANT ME
CLOSE THE BANES' DOORWAY. & ee 4 SPEED. \ WILL NEED

THE 7A/NV |S NOT NEARLY Qa a ‘ YOUR HELP WITH THIS

SO HARD TO FIGURE OUT. & bi ie ONE, COYOTE.

yan

{ALMOST 7HERE THEN YOU "
{ WILL KNOW WHAT IT MEANS (


WE WILL BANCE. YOU
AND |. WE WILL DANCE,
ANO YOU WILL OVE.

THIS IS AY LAND,
YOU FOOLS!

twee,

{ GIVE ME THIS G/F7, COYOTE, \
YANO | WILL PLAY MANY 7/CKS }
ON YOUR pean ve

{ Ve LET US DANCE "
PN ( TOGETHER, YOU
\ BEAUTIFUL FOC!


[EVEN THE FAR UERA ISNT FAR (ale aos a A
 EWOUGH, BUT HERE AT LEAST THE i ,
MOCKERIES CAN 00 NO HARM. J 1OU CONAN A
é . i FROM ME THIS TIME AS

%

YAS IF | HAD TO ASK. YOU ARE THEY
TRICKSTER, AFTER ALL. BUT |

00 YOU HEAR ME, COYOTE? OF

ALL THE PLACES TO SEND ME, YOU

CHOOSE MALFEAS? THIS SHOULD
s BE INTERESTING...

NEXT ISSUE: MALFEAN DREAMS
AND STRANGER THINGS.



|

Credits

Author: James A. Moore

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Interior Art: Steve Prescott

Back Cover Art: Steve Prescott
Layout & Typesetting: Matt Milberger
Cover Design: Matt Milberger

780 PARK NORTH BLYD.
b SUITE 100

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without written permission of the
publisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. White Wolf is a registered trademark of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. Werewolf the Apocalypse, The
Werewolf Players Guide and Nuwisha are trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc. unless otherwise
noted. Permission is granted to photocopy character
sheets for personal use.

The mention or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
discretion is advised.

So where is the World of Darkness on the Net?
Why, at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller

Bring a friend.

PRINTED IN CANADA.

Special Thanks:

Mike "Zug Zug" Tinney, for going home just long enough

to shower and change between Warcraft II campaigns.
Brian "Dabu" Glass, for being just about as bad.

Tim "Nail Through the Head" Byrd, for cooking the niece

for emotional effect.

Robby "Questor Treetalker" Poore, for accidentally letting

on that he works for White Wolf.

Louvie "Handful of Love" Locklear, for the cutest li'l ol'

playmate you ever did see.

Justin "I Am the Internet" Achilli, for vociferously being

one of the Bad Guys of the Games Industry.

The author would like to thank George Hutto for
his invaluable assistance in researching the Coyote
legends. A special thanks as well to my wife, Bonnie
Moore, who always manages to stop me from taking
life too seriously.


UWISHA

Contents

Introduction: Laughter on the Wind
Chapter One: The Truth About the World

The Nuwisha's history of the world

Chapter Two:-How to be a Proper Yuwisha

The culturé of the werecoyotes

Chapter Three: The World from Coyote's Eyes

Nawisha around the world and beyond

Appendix One: Toys and Tricks

Werecoyote Gifts, totems and fetishes

Appendix Two: Coyote's Children

Four ready-to-play character templates

Appendix Three: The Favored of Coyote

The most famous Nuwisha of past and present

Contents

0 Ae ee

27

37

+7

57

vai


Don't take life too seriously. You'll never get out of it alive

— Bugs Bunny, Warner Brothers cartoons

There's a lot to learn about your new life, more than you
might imagine. But there are two things that you should
learn before anything else. The first thing you must under-
stand is that there are more like you than you realize. | am
Nuwisha just as you are Nuwisha. We are only two of many.
The second thing you must understand is that what I just

told youisasecret. We donot let others know we are strong,
for they would hunt us down and kill us. P'll explain more
about that later.

You probably think that your life is over. That's not true;
ittruly
is, and you will come to understand that there is more to
everything than most people see. That is a good thing to
know, because when you understand the world, you begin
to see the humor. Humor is important. In the long run, it's
the most important thing of all.

it is barely begun. I will teach you about the world z

Why is humor important? Oh, my, this could take a
while. Sit down — I mean it when I say this could take some
time. Don't argue, just do it. Humor is important because it
helps you keep the proper perspective. My teacher used to

Introduction: Laughter on the Wind

I ee

say that he "preferred to look at the world cross-eyed and
sideways." I can see by the look on your face that you don't
understand that saying. You will. You just have to be
patient. In the long run, everything is just a matter of
persp'
to have.

ctive. Cross-eyed and sideways is a good perspective

Coyote is our father. He makes few demands on us, but
those he makes are some of the few things in the world that
he takes seriously. It is easier to follow his orders than to

ignore them. Because — and I speak from experience here

— Coyote's temper is a thousand times worse than any of
the natural disasters you've ever read about. When Coyote
s you for his jokes. Believe me, his jokes
are dangerous — you could die laughing from them.

is angry, he targe

We are not alone. There are other skinchangers, and
they all think that we are merely the jesters of the world.
That's what we want them to think. If they see us as
harmless, they cannot understand the tasks we accomplish.
My name is Loki Laughs-Too-Much. Stay with me, and I'll
teach you.

13



A

A monkey chases everything, but never catches it because he

is instantly distracted by another thing. Always the joy of
running and leaping, and never the awful clutter of possessions

no longer desired.

—Hanuman, TheMahabharata

How the World Came
to Be, and How the

Yuwisha Learned trom
Other People's Follies

Coyote was the first. When you remember that, you will
understand everything else. In the very beginning, when
the world was new, there was little for Coyote to do. He had
no friends, and no one else to talk to. So he made others. He
made ducks, for they liked to chatter and keep him com-
pany. He made water, so that it could sing him to sleep. For
awhile, that was enough. Later, he grew tired of ducks and

(William Buck, translator)

water, and decided to make the rest of the Earth. This he did
by singing, as he had when he created the ducks and the

s long and glorious, and many creatures

water. His song wa
came on their own, falling from the stars to listen to Coyote
sing. Land was new to them, so they stayed on the Land,
grateful for a place to rest. Some were animals, and others
were monsters. What? 1'll tell you about the monsters some
other time; let me tell this my own way.

A few creatures, like the platypus, Coyote created. He
made them as individuals, for Coyote had no need of

servants in those days. Not all servants are mindless, but
that's not the point. He wanted fun and interesting conver-
sation, so he made each of his creations as different as he
could. Except maybe for the platypus. I've heard it said that

he was out of ideas when he made her. He just repeated

Chapter One: The Truth About the World 15:

im mamma a ame, Lf

|


|

parts of the song in a different order to see what he would
get.

As each new creature came to the Earth, Coyote studied
itand learned its ways, for at heart, Coyote isa trickster, and
the best way to trick someone is to appear harmless. Coyote
learned to take the shapes of all the other creatures, so that
he could always seem harmless. In time, many creatures
forgot the stars and stayed on Earth. Now they have no
other home.

Luna, the moon that hangs above us and shines her light
for all to see when the mood suits her, was very upset when
Coyote created the Land. "Coyote," she cried, "you have
made a place that is more pleasing to the eye than I am.
Now all that once lived and dwelled upon my surface have
left."

Coyote smiled and said, "Luna, you are as beautiful as
any creature that has ever existed. You have nothing to
fear, for the creatures who left you are still close by, and they
will return to you when they are ready."

Luna didn't like this answer. "It is true that | am beauti-
ful, but the Earth has a special beauty all of her own, and I
am still all alone."

"You will never be alone. I will sing to you each night,
after the sun has slipped away. I will sing to you of your
beauty from this day forward, for I did not mean for you to
lose what you cared for."

"But what shall I do when the sun is in the sky?" asked
Luna.

"The sun will keep you warm and comfort you during the
day. When the night comes again, I will sing to you. That
is all I can do."

Luna still felt slighted, but she accepted this offer. That
is why she changes her face all the time. On some days, she
accepts Coyote's apology, and on others she demands more.
When Luna shines upon us all, she is happy with Coyote
and the Land he created. When she turns her face away, she
is angry. Coyote still calls to Luna, as do we, his children.

Things Go Wrong —
and Right

Of course, Coyote made a few mistakes along the way.
One of his biggest mistakes was creating humans. He
created them so that they could live on the Land and be
friends with the animals, but he made them from the
remains of a monster, and many still held the monster's
ways close to their hearts. At first all was well, but later, the
humans grew greedy. Many creatures came to Coyote and
said, "Brother Coyote, these humans are foolish. They do
not belong here."

Coyote thought about this and said, "They are foolish,
yes, but they are here now, and I will not make them go
away. We will just have to accept that they are different."

16 Nuwisha

Wolf plowed through the woods and herded a large
number of the humans into a group between his paws.. He
said that he would take some of the more worthy humans
into his pack. "They will grow strong with me, and will
learn to respect the world."

Coyote smiled and spoke, "This is good, for the humans
need guidance if they are to live in this world. Maybe I will
teach some myself, maybe I will not. I have not decided
yet."

Cat, ever jealous of Wolf, said that she would take some
into her fold as well. "They will learn to be independent,
and will know how to hunt and fend for themselves."

Coyote told her as well, "This is good, for the humans
need guidance if they are to live in this world. Maybe I will
teach some myself, maybe I will not. I have not decided
yet."

Shark gathered a few humans and taught them to swim.
"They will live in the water, where they can do no harm to
the land-dwelling animals."

Bear claimed some humans as her own, taking them
gently into her claws. "I will teach them to love Earth, and
in times of need they will help me keep Earth strong and
healthy."

Raven took some humans back to his nest, keeping them
and feeding them. "They will learn to fly, and will watch
the world from above the clouds. That way, they can always
warn the others of approaching dangers."

Rat took some as well. He smiled to the others and
carried his humans away. He said no words as to what he
would do with them. Rat is like that — secretive.

Lizard gathered some humans to teach them secrets of
the past. "They will remember all that is forgotten in the
world, and when the time comes, they will share their
secrets."

Snake wrapped his coils around some humans and hid
them in the ground where he lived. "They will learn to
crawl, and they will learn to swim and to hide in the
bottoms of the rivers. They will learn to climb in trees and
to change their colors."

Lastly, Spider came forward and gathered the rest of the
humans for her web. "They will learn the glories of building
a fine web, and the beauty of properly snaring their prey.
They will taste the blood of their enemies, and learn to
protect the crops of other humans from the insects that
would destroy them."

To each of these animals, Coyote said the same thing he
said to Wolf. Each one left pleased, but then Worm came
forward. He groped about blindly, seeking humans that he
could protect and nurture, butnone could be found. "Brother
Coyote!" he cried. "I would help the humans, too, but I
cannot see them."

Coyote smiled, and shook his head. "Brother Worm,
your sister the Spider has taken them all, for she feels that
her ways are best."

~~ *


Sere rere race rene cnr sae arvana a rem ena wrenamearensv

mmm ed IAB

"Her ways are foolish," said Worm. "If she had her way,
the world would be covered with endless webs, and nothing
could move without being stuck forever."

Coyote sighed, knowing that Worm was right. "Perhaps
if you spoke to her, you could persuade her to let you have
a few of them to learn your ways."

"J will try, Brother Coyote, but I do not think she will
listen."

"Shall I help you, Brother Worm?" Coyote offered.

"do not want your help," yelled Worm. "If you help me,
I must pay you back, and I do not want that."

While Coyote watched, Worm slithered over to the web
of Spider and spoke softly, "Sister Spider, I would like to
teach the humans as well, but I cannot; you have taken
them all. May I have a few of them to teach?"

Spider sat at the center of her web and thought about
this. After a while she said, "You may have as many as you
can free from my webs, Brother Worm, but you must get
them yourself."

Worm smiled and began to climb. He gathered many
humans to his side, wiggling his body and pulling them free
from the webs. For each he gathered, 10 fell free from the
web, and these humans ran far away from the area, refusing
h them. Soon
Worm had many of the humans in his grasp. When he was
satisfied that he had plenty, he tried to take them from the
web, only to discover that he was caught in the web himself.

to learn from the animals who would

"Sister Spider, I am stuck in your web. Will you free me?"

Spider looked down at Worm and smiled. "No, Brother
Worm. Youare in my web, and you are mine. Now you must
stay here for all time and keep me company."

Worm cried and called for help, but no one was there to
hear him except Coyote. Coyote saw his dilemma and
laughed. "You are stuck well, Brother Worm. I would help
you, but I think you need to learn a lesson. I saw how many
of the humans you tried to take for your own, and I must say
dy."

"I was not greedy," said Worm. "I merely wished to save

that you are very gree

them from Sister Spider, who will never allow them to
think for themselves. She will take their dreams and devour
them as if they were the blood of flies."

"This is true, but that is her way." Coyote shook his head
sadly. "Still, I think you were trying to be greedy, for that is
your way. You are always hungry and eat more than your
share. I will leave you stuck in the web, and I will come and
see how you are doing from time to time. Would you ask for
my help now, Brother Worm, knowing that you must aid
me someday in the future? If you ever ask for my help, I will
give it to you."

"Never!" Worm thrashed some more, and Spider's web
wrapped more tightly around him. "I will never ask for your
help, Brother Coyote, for you have laughed at me."

Coyote left, laughing at Worm's folly. Spider laughed
too, knowing that Worm could never escape her. Worm did


not laugh. Worm began to cry, and he still cries today. This
is what went wrong with our world.

This is a tale you must not share with the other
skinchangers, for they would believe that Coyote was
wrong to doas he did. We know better. Worm will one day
be free of his prison, should that truly be what Worm
desir
and greedy, <

. Coyote left Worm there because Worm was foolish
are all of those who follow him.

Coyote also decided to make amends in his own way for
what he did. He created u
when they dropped from Spider's web, Coyote chose the
most crafty and daring. These he taught to be as he is. And
in the teaching, he changed them. They were
merely human; they were as we are now. They were Nuwisha.

From the humans who fled

no longer

Thatis the truth about what happened, and itis alsoa lie.
But in that story is more truth than the other Changing
Breeds could hope to understand.

When the Worle
Grew Too Small

While many of the Changing Breeds fought petty wars
among themselves, seeking to hold this piece of forest or
that shore of lake, we Nuwisha did as we were created todo.
We sought out the truth in all things. Curiosity is perhaps
the greatest weakness of the Nuwisha. It is also our greatest
gift. Just as Coyote is curious, so are we curious. There isn't

a puzzle that we won't stop to solve, no matter how
complicated. Once the p
among us can stand to be in one place for very long. The

le is solved, we move on, for few

place that was once so wonderful and new soon grows old
and dreary. Just as we began to travel, Coyote began to visit
other places as well. He left Earth Mother and ran through-
out the Umbra; seeking new places to see and new mysteries
to unravel.

At first we were happy to wander only on one land,
seeking to find new and wondrous things that had never
been seen before. In those days, the chosen of the Wyrm
were few. Yes, the same Worm I spoke of earlier, but driven
mad by Spider's trickery. While there were not many of the
Wyrm's creatures, there were enough to make our journeys
dangerous. Still, there were mountains to see and caves to
explore. That was far more important than safety. We
learned many things, and for
to Coyote, he rewarded us with a Gift, a trick that we could
play on others.

ty good tale we could tell

All too soon, the Land became tiresome. The mountains
no longer held excitement for us, and so we began to

journey to other lands. But the people in those other lands

were not tolerant of strangers. Coyote saw this, and taught
us a special Gift. I told you of how Coyote had studied all
of the creatures who came to this world, and he knew their
ways better than most of them did. Most importantly, he
knew how to imitate them. What Coyote learned he passed


|

on to his children. Coyote taught us tg hide ourselveain
other skins, so that we could appear as normal to the
strangers as their own neighbors. Long before the Vikings
crossed the sea in their war ships, the Nuwisha had learned
of all the lands on Earth Mother. What? Oh — we call her
Earth Mother as a sign of respect. Coyote was never the
most caring of fathers, and Earth did much to nurture our
people when we were young. The others have their names
for Earth. The Garou — those chosen by Wolf as his own
— call her Gaia, which is the only title they feel is proper.
Remember that when you run across them.

Where was I? Oh, yes. We traveled many lands, and
studied many people, and from time to time we would
return to this land and join together to tell our tales. In this
way, we learned the secrets of the other skinchangers, and
we learned to mingle with them. Many of the lands we
visited did not respect Coyote as we did. They knew of him,
but by different names. He is really only one being, but he
is also a trickster, and so he often changed his name to suit
his new environment.

In truth, Coyote is the only Trickster. But because he is
known in many forms and by so many names, we had to
learn those new names as well. In some places, he is Ti
Malice, the spider totem. In parts of Europe he is called
Loki, the god of trickery. He is also called Raven, the
shapechanger; Oghma, the bard; Xochipilli, the god of
chance. He is the god of chance in China, as well, where he
is called Chung Kuel. In Egypt he is called Ptah, for there
they understood that he created Earth Mother and knew all
there was to know of the heavens. In Greece they call him
Pan, and his passions for love are legendary. In Japan he is
called Kishijoten, and he wears the shape of a woman.
There are more names, but in truth they are all just the
Trickster. We call him Coyote, for that was his first name.

For many years we acted as children act, constantly
tricking the others and making them do the hardest work.
This may seem cruel to some, but it's Coyote's way and
therefore it's our way as well. In those times, the great battle
between the Wyrm and the Weaver —also known to us as
Spider — was not so harsh. There was little harm in our
pranks and jokes.

Times change, and the more they change, the more we
must change with them. This is a secret unknown to most
of the creatures that live on Earth Mother. It isa secret only
because they do not wish to learn the truth. Coyote sees
this, and he is sad.

When the Lessons Began

Coyote thought long and hard about the ways the
humans were shaping Earth Mother. There was little he
could do, for he did not wish to harm the ones he had
granted freedom to. "All must live as they choose, and | am
not one to tell them otherwise," he said. Still, he could not
allow the changes to go on without granting a few the
schance to see their errors.

Chapter One: The Truth About the World

ae

The great war between Wyrm and Weaver caused many
troubles, so many that Coyote could no longer come to
Earth Mother without risking harm to her. As the two
enemies fought, the webs of Spider grew tangled and began
to snare Earth Mother. If Coyote came back, Earth Mother
would surely be hurt by the damage to the Great Web of
Spider. So he decided that the Nuwisha should learn to
shoulder the responsibilities for him. They protested, claim-
ing that they could not play tricks in Coyote's honor if they
had to teach the others how to see the world. Coyote
laughed and replied, "You do not understand, and so I will
tell you. The very best pranks are those that make your
opponent think. The very best jokes are those that teach
the listeners to hear the truth. You must never stop playing
tricks, but you must use them to teach others what you
already know."

So our ancestors listened to Coyote and learned the very
best sort of fun to have. Coyote in turn taught us to walk
among the stars. We were the first to leave the Gaia Realm
and enter the Umbra. That's what makes us special. We are
the teachers. We must teach the others, but we must never
let them know that they are learning anything from us.
Ours is a sacred task and an important duty, but we are still
very lucky, for in the teaching, we are allowed to have fun.

Yew Faces in the Pure Lands

What we have always simply referred to as the Land is
called the Pure Lands by our cousins, the Wendigo and the
Uktena. They are Garou, thatis true, but they are not as bad
as the Garou from other lands. The Get of Fenris, the Black
Furies and the Glass Walkers — all are from other places,
and all are temperamental and childish. True, we're child-
ish, too, but in a better way. And speaking of childish, stop
fidgeting — if you keep moving around, you're going to miss
the good parts of the story, and I won't tell them again.

Our cousins called this country the Pure Lands because
the Children of Raven, the Children of Cat, the Children
of Wolf and our own people had worked hard to make
certain the Wyrm's Children could not harm the Land.
Those not destroyed had been forced into a deep slumber,
and they were nota threat. The Uktena took pains to watch
over these, ensuring that they did not rise from their sleep
and cause more grief. In those days, all was peaceful here,
which is how Coyote meant it to be.

Many years after we first crossed the ocean, the others
came to the Pure Lands. Some of the Pure Ones had heard
of them, because we have always loved to tell tales of other
places. They were wary of the Europeans, but we already
knew them, and so we were not afraid. "Surely," we said,
"they are only curious about this land, and will return to
their own place when they have looked around." We did
not think about their strange beliefs in the one God, or how
they fight among themselves endlessly while trying to
decide which way their one God should be worshipped. We

19


did not think that their one God might have driven them
from their own lands.

In this we were fools.

When the Europeans came to the Pure Lands, they
seemed only to want peace. This was a good thing, and we
were willing to share the Land. For the Land does not
belong to us, we belong to the Land. The Land does not
need us to survive. If we all left today, the Land would be
better for the parting. That especially goes for the humans.

The Europeans seemed friendly, so we allowed them to
stay. But as time passed, we came to understand that the
Europeans didn't come alone. They brought with them the
Children of Wyrm. Wyrm is a jealous teacher, and did not
were not followed. He

like to see a land where his wa
whispered in the minds of the Europeans, and told them
that there were better places to live further away from the
ocean. Then, when the Europeans settled into new areas,
he told them that even better places were just beyond their
sight, even further in from where they started. The Europe-
ans listened, and went seeking after these better places.

Now, you must understand that Coyote taught some of
his tricks to many of the other children. Some of them even
follow him today. Many of the Garou follow Coyote. Those
born when Luna smiles upon the world he dedicates to
Luna, for he never wants her to be alone again. But those
born without the moon in the sky all belong to Coyote.

Coyote even taught some of his tricks to Wyrm, who
learned them too well. Now and then Wyrm manages to
trick the Nuwisha, which is just what happened when the
Europeans came to the Pure Lands.

The Europeans came in peace, but Wyrm changed all
that. Soon after they came, the strangers began to grow
sullen. Their crops were not as plentiful as they had hoped,
and Wyrm told them to move to new places where the crops
were better. Always, the Europeans listened. When they
came across places where the Pure Ones lived, the Europe-
ans made promises and agreed to live in harmony. Again
and again the Pure Ones would agree to share the Land,
knowing nothing of Wyrm's ways, and always the Europe-
ans would want more, for Wyrm never stopped whispering
to them.

We played tricks and pranks on the Europeans, always
hoping that they would learn. Instead, the Europeans
listened to Wyrm, who told them to ignore the lessons we
offered and to move on, always to move on.

The Wendigo, the Uktena and the Croatan didn't like
the ways Europeans acted. They demanded blood for blood
and life for life. We couldn't agree to this, so they acted
without us. Many among our people wanted to stop the
violence, for we saw that this was really what Wyrm
desired. In the end, the Garou were too many and we were
too few. Our years of traveling had kept us from growing as

~~ -

20 Nuwisha


fastas the Garou, and their years of staying in one place had
made them far stronger in numbers. We stepped aside and
allowed the battles to rage, shaking our heads sadly.

Of alll the Pure Ones, only the Croatan learned of the
mistake they made. Their warring and hatred of the Euro-
ping Wyrmlings that lay forgot-
tenvin the ground. Eater-of-Souls it was called, and it came

peans woke one of the slee

up from the ground with a fearful roar, and even the
European Garou knew that something was wrong. The
Wyrmling challenged all, and many died fighting it. Still,
in the end, only the Croatan understood what had to be
done. In their hatred they had awakened the beast, and
only their lives could save the rest of the Pure Ones. To stop

‘er-of-Souls, the Croatan sacrificed themselves.

Coyote wept, because the Croatan were much like the
Nuwisha. They had a special place in his heart. The
Wendigo, filled with grief for the loss of their brothers, grew
angrier still, swearing to destroy all of the Europeans. For
them the war still continues. The Uktena vowed never to
forget their sacred duty to watch the Wyrmlings again. To
this day they fight against the Wyrm with a subtlety that
even Coyote respects, but the tools they tse are dangerous.
I'll tell you more about them later.

Many of the Nuwisha were angry with the Children of
Wolf and scolded them for their foolishness. Both the
European Garouand the Pure Ones sneered at the Nuwisha.

"What would you know of war, little coyotes? We are the
ones who stopped the Eater-of-Souls, not you."

‘No," explained our ancestors. "Croatan stopped the

Eater-of-Souls. You merely awakened it with your foolish
ways."

This was the start of the War of Rage, at least for the
Nuwisha. In truth the War of Rage had long since passed,
but not in the Pure Lands.

You see, the Children of Wolf felt that they were the
only ones to serve Gaia, for they fought more often than all
the others combined. In their pride, they decided that they
were the only ones worthy of serving Earth Mother. As they
had in other lands, the Garou swore to destroy all of the
other Changing Breeds. The Corax were slaughtered, and
the Gurahl were driven almost to death by the Garou's
greater numbers. The Bastet were hunted and killed wher-
ever they were found. The angry Garou foolishly hunted all
of G

Coyote Laughs-At-Luna was the leader of the Nuwisha

vants. Even the Nuwisha were in danger.

in those days. She has moved on to be at Coyote's side, but
back then the:

trickery. She saw what the Garou did to the other

were few who could match her in wit or

skinchangers, and she knew that this could not be allowed
to happen to the Nuwisha.

The Nuwisha gathered together at their greatest kiba,
the place where they connected with Coyote and the

Chapter One: The Truth About the World 21

y


a ER SAE SS || RRL RM

Umbra. In the kiba, Coyote Laughs-At-Luna made her
plans known. Many of the Nuwisha laughed to hear what
she wanted to do, and all agreed. She chose her finest
warriors and sent them to handle the hardest part of the
mission. Wherever her warriors met with the European
Garou, they were to make them even angrier, until the
Children of Wolf could not think properly. When the
werewolves were angry enough, the warriors ran away, but
made sure the Garou knew where they ran.

Oh, Wolfs Children were furious! They chased after the
Nuwisha, swearing to make them die slowly. The warriors
just laughed, weaving their way through the forests and
calling out to the Garou, making sure they stayed angry.
Finally, when the race grew tiresome, and even the angriest
werewolves were thinking about going home, the warriors
presented their final challenges. Each offered a caern —
that's the Garou name for a kiba — to the pack that
promised to leave the Nuwisha in peace.

Most of Wolf's Children agreed to this, though a few still
wanted vengeance. They abandoned the ones who de-
manded blood in the woods. Those who wanted a caern
were led to a new place, a place where a star once fell from
the sky and made a clearing in the woods. It was a place of
great power and beauty, where the cibaku — the veil
between the worlds — was very thin. All of Wolfs Chil-
dren were taken there. And all arrived at the same time, for
that was what Coyote Laughs-At-Luna had planned all
along.

The Children of Wolf were angry. "What is this?" they
demanded. "You said that if we spared you, we would have
a new caern!"

The Nuwisha answered as one: "This is a caern. It is
yours, and we shall make no more claim upon it."

"But what of these other Garou? Did you offer it to them
as well?"

"You are all Garou who fight for Gaia. You must share
this sacred place, or you must decide among yourselves who
shall have it. Either way, it is yours. You would protect
Earth Mother from the Wyrm and demand that no other
may do so. Then Earth Mother, too, is yours. Guard them
both well." With that, Coyote's Children left, leaving the
werewolves to decide.

The Garou were angry, and they wanted to fight. Rather
than joining together and sharing in Earth Mother's gift,
they turned upon each other, bared their fangs, and at-
tacked. This was a mistake. You see, when Earth Mother
gave the kiba to the Nuwisha, she only made one demand:
Any who spilled blood within her sacred place would never
be able to use the gateway to the stars. Had the Garou
agreed to share the caern, they would have gained a great
prize. Instead, they ruined the kiba, but only for them-
selves. The kiba still exists, but no Garou who lives today
knows where that kiba rests. They offended Earth Mother
with their anger, and so are forbidden that knowledge. In
this way, we protected one of our greatest treasures. Now

22 Nuwisha

a armel 7.

only the Corax, the Gurahl and the Nuwisha may use that
kiba. ‘

While the warriors kept the Garou busy in this way, the
rest of our people worked hard as well. They ran throughout
the Land, and found all the most powerful kibas. Once
there, they called upon Coyote for aid, and danced to his
glory. They showed him the trick they used on the Garou,
and Coyote laughed. He was so happy that he helped them
with their request. Coyote hid the most powerful kibas from
everyone but the Nuwisha, making them impossible to
find. When he was done, the Nuwisha joined together, all
but the warriors, and they left the Land. Now most of
Coyote's Children live among the stars. Only a few remain
behind, like me, and wait for others to be born, so that we
may teach them, just like I am teaching you.

The Garou felt that we had betrayed Earth Mother, that
we had tricked them with our gift of the kiba. In truth, we
sought to teach them the error of their ways. The Nuwisha
knew that the Garou would fight over the kiba. That is their
way. They are still children in more ways than most would
understand. We hoped that by showing how easily they
could lose the kiba, we could show them how easily Earth
Mother could be lost. They called us tricksters, which we
are, and then they ignored the warning we granted. They
ignored it for far too long. Now they try to make amends.
They try tostop the bleeding rivers of corruption with little
more than a bucket to hold the waters.

The Wild West

The Europeans could not be stopped. Perhaps in some
ways they were right when they cl
chosen of Gaia. Despite our very best efforts, the Europeans
came to conquer all the Land. When they encountered the
Pure Ones, they made the same promises they had always
made, and then they broke those promises. When the Pure
Ones tried to fight back, the Europeans slaughtered them.
One of the jokes we do not laugh about is the ability of the
Europeans to justify whatever actions they took. If it wasn't
in the name of their God, then it was in the name of a
mythical beast called "progress." Between these two forces,
the newcomers could find a reason for any atrocity they
committed.

aimed they were the

We Nuwisha have never been fighters. We have our
warriors, true, but even our fiercest fighters prefer to leave
bloodshed to another whenever possible. Violence merely
causes pain. We would rather bring joy and understanding
through laughter. As with the Garou, so too with the
humans. We managed not to be where they could catch and
crush us — most of us, at any rate. There are exceptions to
every rule. That's Coyote's way, and it's our way.

From every generation of Nuwisha, Coyote chooses one
who is favored. That one can accomplish amazing feats. For
the generation born during the time of the European quest
for the western coast of the Land, the one chosen was
Laughing Manyskins. Manyskins was born of the Pure

~~ "


LZ

fa

e rX CZ ‘

Ones, and felt he owed them a great debt for tolerating his
many pranks. When the Europeans came west, he started
paying that debt.

arrogant beyond words, for when-
ever the Europeans annoyed him, he would smile and shake
his head. "Foolish ones," he would say. "You have come to
my home now, andI will make certain that you know whose
land you cross."

Some claimed he was

Many things have been credited to Laughing Manyskins,
butonly he and Coyote know which onesare true. Manyskins
never tells of his own accomplishments. He prefers to tell
the tales of those long gone. Some say Manyskins is the
reason Custer died at the Little Bighorn. Many tell of how
he brought an end to the worst of the land barons who stole
from the Pure Ones, and others claim he hid our most
powerful kibas from discovery when the Europeans crawled
across the Land as thick as maggots on a slaughtered
buffalo. Laughing Manyskins doesn't speak of these things.
When asked, he merely smiles and goes on his way as if
remembering wonderful tricks.

Still, for all of his tricks, Laughing Manyskins was only
one Nuwisha. In the end, the Europeans took what they
wanted, and there was nothing he could do. All he man-
aged to hide was the places where no human has walked,

"yy and where even their satellites and special cameras cannot
see.

Chapter One: The Truth About the World 23

He is still alive today. Perhaps, if you are lucky, you will
meet him.

Che Industrial Age

Humans, ever seeking to make their lives easier, are
almost perfect fodder for the Wyrm. From the first time
they harnessed the blood of Earth Mother, they have
sought ways to burn that blood and live in luxury. Fora very
long time they could only burn the blood in lanterns, or use
it to runa few large pieces of machinery. But as time passed,

they learned to make new toys, like the automobile. As
soonas they had their horseless carriages in motion, they all
wanted one. To meet the demands of their peers, they
created the perfect instrument of the Wyrm: the assembly
line.

Soon the automobiles were everywhere, and with them
they brought Blights. Where once the humans could only look
for gold by hand, they now had machines that could tear the
flesh of Earth Mother apart. The metals they only needed in
small amounts before, they now needed in larger quantities.
They needed the iron and copper to make more machines and
more conveniences. For each section of the Land they scarred,
they invited more Banes to feast on Earth Mother's entrails.
During past times, we considered the humans' guns strange
toys of little importance in the world. Now we understood that


|

ne SA

these toysand others were more important to the humansthan
the Land could ever be.

The great trains moved across the Land, and they brought
still more Europeans. The trains coughed out black smoke
and filth, but the Land seemed large enough to handle the
little clouds, and we never thought to stop them. For a
while, every Nuwisha still on Earth Mother wanted noth-
ing more than to play with the trains and tease the people
who rode within the great iron horses. That stopped when
the Europeans began building their factories.

The factories were strange and mysterious to us. No Pure
One had ever imagined a building where people went to
build more toys. Nota few toys, but hundreds of them; more
than anyone could possibly need. The people who entered
the buildings changed as time passed, from unwitting
people into instruments of the Wyrm. Fomori, the Garou
call them. They have many names, but by whatever they
are called, they are deadly. Some can appear as humans, and
others look like things from nightmares. They corrupt
whatever they touch, and, in the process, they aid the
Wyrm in his battles, all the while pretending to aid the
Spider and her web.

Some of the people who created these factories gathered
together and vowed to spread them throughout the world.
These people joined under one banner, and declared them-
selves the owners of the world. But they didn't brag or make
this declaration loudly. They whispered to one another and
hid from sight. The machine-makers used the European
governments, and manipulated the humans into believing as
they do. In time, the humans came to believe that they could
not live without the things these factories offered. Humans
became dependent on their toys and their homes of artificial
stone. Now the humans cannot build fires to protect them-
selves from the cold. They cannot fan themselves to escape the
heat of summer. Instead the humans' toys take care of any
discomfort they might feel. They work at meaningless tasks all
of their lives to collect these toys, and then hand their money
to the very people who vowed to kill the world. They give

themselves to the people of Pentex.

We should all fear Pentex. Pentex is the Wyrm in its
most treacherous form, because Pentex learned to hide
what it is and appear as something else. That's what I mean
when I say that the Wyrm learned well from Coyote. The
Wyrm doesn't need to fight in the open, for it can seduce
with songs and promises of joy. The Wyrm can make the
humans see what's wrong with Earth Mother and not care
that what they've done has caused all so much suffering.

The Wyrm has done what the Nuwisha have failed to do.
With tricks and jests, we tried to teach the people that the
world must be saved and protected. The Wyrm taught humans
that Earth Mother is merely a rock on which to live and aplace
to put all the toys you collect to make life comfortable. The
Nuwisha offered a simple life of joy and smiles. The Wyrm
offered a complex life of lies and promises that are only kept
when it's convenient. The Wyrm offered food that is un-

24

Mm

L

us
TUL
L

L

Ftp LLL

era ears ae,


_ ro na oer Fo GPR a RET Ea oem area

healthy and poisoned air that smells sweeter than Earth
Mother's finest perfumes. The Wyrm made it possible to killa
part of Earth Mother and live within the carcass, never seeing
the clear skies and cold streams that are so important to the
Nuwisha. The Wyrm said, "It's okay to sleep here and to
defecate here as well, because I can make the smell tolerable
and keep the bad things away."

And the foolish humans listened.

The Garou claim that the last days are upon us — that Earth
Mother will die and there is nothing to be done about it. The
werewolves fight a war that they feel is already lost, and they do
so with a passion that is insane. They fling themselves at the
minions of Pentex, never thinking that they might die in the
process. The Garou punish themselves for allowing the humans
to grow so strong that not all the skinchangers together could
hope to destroy them. Wolfs Children beat themselves about the
head for allowing the humans to make weapons big enough to
destroy all of Earth Mother and many of the stars as well. Alll the
while, the Garou fight each other, insisting that their way is the
best, that their method of war works better than anyone else's.

TheCorax, the Gurahl, the Bastet, the Rokea, the Ananasi,
the Ratkin, the Mokolé and the Nagah —all were devastated
by the Garou. Others were completely destroyed, obliterated
by the werewolves' vanity. We left Earth Mother in the
Garou's care, and they allowed her to suffer mortal wounds
again and again. Earth Mother cries, and we can only watch.
We gave our word to the Garou. We told them that Gaia is
theirs to watch over. In the meantime, we watch over thestars.
Someday Wolfs Children might ask for our help, and then we
will return to aid them as best we can. Then Worm's Children
will know what trickery means, and will suffer humiliations as
few have in the past.

Like Coyote, we are patient. Should the Garou ask, we
will aid them. Like Worm, they are offended by our laugh-
ter. For that reason they may never ask.

o the Stars

Foralongtime, humanscould notreach thestars. They
looked at them, wondered about them, made poems and
songs about them, and sometimes they fought and killed
each other over who understood them better. This was
good, for as long as the humans could not reach the stars,
the stars were safe. When the humans sang to the stars, we
listened, for the humans sang about things they could
never reach and which they wanted. We believed the
humans would never reach the stars.

Then they built artificial wings, planes and other
funny-looking things, and sought toclimb higher into the
sky. We tricked and pranked their machines and flying
toys, butthe humans were stubborn, more stubborn about
this than many things before. They refused to learn, and
built jets and rockets powerful enough to bring them right
upamong thestars. This wasa bad thing. We donotknow
how the humans managed to climb so high so quickly.
Some of us believe they were helped by Pentex or by
Pentex's ally, called the Technocracy. Pentex and the
Technocracy want to map the stars, give them numbers
instead of names, and take them away from everyone.
Now the humans build shuttles and space stations, want-
ing not just tosee the stars, but to live there. It is the West
all over again. If you aren't frightened, then you haven't
been paying attention.

We aren't sure the humans are looking at the space
program with the proper respect. They see the stars as
things to be used up, as places to build more homes for
humans, as new places for the Wyrm to spread his poison.

Perhaps the humans need to be taught a real lesson
about respecting the stars before they return to them....

Chapter One: The Truth About the World 25



Laughter is the best medicine.

— Traditional saying

We do not follow the ways of the Garou, much as they
might wish otherwise. We are not Children of Wolf; we are
Children of Coyote. There has never been a re

son for us
toslay the humans or hold them in contempt for being what
they are. Coyote made the humans as he made all of the
creatures walking on Earth Mother. He made them free.
The best we can manage is to teach them from time to time

— and to have fun in the process.

Coyote's Faces

One of the first things you must understand is that while
we all follow Coyote, there are many ways to follow him.
Each face of Coyote teaches us a different method of
learning and devotion. As I said before, he is the Trickster,

and we are his disciples. Coyote has many faces in many
lands, and each demands a different form of honoring him.
Following the different forms of Coyote becomes confusing
after a while. Trickster likes to make sure we stay alert, so

lie forces us to accept his many aspects individually.

Chapter Two: How to be a Proper Nuwisha

[ amma 7

Sometimes the demands made by Coyote in one form
can cause difficulties with another of our kind. In the past
Nuwisha fought among themselves almost as much as the

Garou did. For that reason, we always wear a special name
before the name given us by our teacher. This name
announces which totem we follow. My proper name is
Laughs-Too-Much; | follow the Trickster in his Loki form.
For that reason, I am called Loki Laughs-Too-Much. This
is a warning to any other Nuwisha | meet. The warning is
simple: | am a follower of Loki, and I'll act in ways befitting
a follower of Loki. You look confused. I'll explain.

Each aspect of Coyote is more different from each other
than would seem possible. Each follows its own unique
philosophies, and can only be followed by meeting those
ideals. The Garou call their different groups "tribes." Within
each tribe are several "camps," each following the beliefs of the
tribal totem in a different way. For them, this is politics. For us,
this is doing as Coyote demands. Humans do this, too, which
iswhy they havesomany churches to follow their one God. For

27


them, it is vanity and confusion. Yousee, we are really not that
different from humans; we are simply wiser than they are. -

Coyote demands that we work in camps as well. The
difference with the Nuwisha is that we may switch from one
camp toanother whenever we please. We all follow Coyote, but
sometimes one face of Coyote is better than another for our
needs. If] were to follow Ti Malice instead of Loki, I would call
myself Ti Malice Laughs-Too-Much. That would let you know
that! amwith Spider, and would prepare you for whatever tricks
I might pull. To the Garou I am Laughs-Too-Much. To the
Nuwisha I am Loki Laughs-Too-Much. Understand? Well, I
hope so, because I don't want to teach you anything a second
time. Yousquirm likea fish outof water, and it's very distracting.

oyote made the game of switching totems easy for us. We

have only to call to him and say what face we will follow
Sometimes we keep the Gifts we have learned, and other times
he sends a Magpie-spirit down to us. The Magpie steals our
knowledge of some Gifts and replaces what he stole with
memories of how to use other Gifts. In this way we are always
prepared, for the Gifts we are granted are the ones we will need
most. Sometimes Magpie simply teaches us new Gifts, and we
get to keep the old ones. That is for Coyote to decide.

When you start your life as a Nuwisha, you may choose
any totem you feel suits you, except Ptah or Oghma. Ptah
chooses a Nuwisha when she is considered wise enough to
be trusted with the secrets of the stars. Oghma selects only
those who are worthy.

Hard to decide? Well, I'll tell you of Coyote's favorite
faces, and how to obey them.

Ti Malice

Ti Malice is one of Coyote's oldest forms. Ti Malice is a
liar, a thief anda manipulator. In order toachieve her goals,
the Spider form of Trickster will gladly kill a thousand
people, so long as her dreams become reality.

Spider fascinated Coyote from the very earliest days. No
matter what Spider did, she never felt remorse and she never
apologized. Also, she was beautiful in a hideous way. Once,
long before humans were born, Coyote asked Spider to be his
mate. Spider smiled and said, "You would not like that,
Brother Coyote."

"How do you know what I would like?" demanded Coyote.

"When I am done mating, I kill and devour my husband."

Coyote took her for her word, and never again offered to
sleep with Spider. But her beauty and her deadly efficiency
still fascinated him. So he decided he would see what life as
Spider was like. He changed himself, and became Ti Mal-
ice. Coyote liked being Ti Malice so much that he contin-
ues to be her even today

The followers of Ti Malice must be like her. They feel a
constant need to build more and more complex webs. The Ti
Malice's websare not spun of silk, but of liesand treachery. When

itbecame apparent that humans would soon dominate the world,

the Ti Malice joined together and discussed how best to stop the

~~ "

eer o/


|

humans' need to destroy all they touched. They decided that the
only course to take was to hide among them: Much like the
Walkers of the Garou, the Ti Malice play the human game and
excel at it, but there are differences. The Glass Walkers seek to
use the tools of the humans to destroy the Wyrm. The Ti Malice
seek to use those same tools to make the humans suffer.

Many of the sins of big business fall on the heads of the
Ti Malice. From unsafe working conditions to repressed
minimum wages, the Ti Malice are often responsible. In
some places, the taxes on money earned and land owned are
so heavy that many of the humans cannot pay them and
make a living. The Ti Malice have helped to make it so;
they have become more aggressive as time goes on. They
often flirt with the Wyrm's own machinations to achieve
their goals. Again, there is a difference. The Wyrm seeks to
destroy everything; the Ti Malice seek to ruin the great
machines of humankind. By making the humans see that
their society is not working, the Ti Malice aim to drive the
humans away from the cities and to make them think for
themselves. Every cog of the machine that the Ti Malice
stop is another victory. Many of the humans suffer as a
result of these slipped wheels, but that is not important.

When the cities are abandoned, the Ti Malice will be
happy. Until then, they scheme and plot, driving the
humans into a greater state of despair. The small towns that
litter the Land are a sign of the Ti Malice's victories.
Unfortunately, many of those small towns are dying, and
that is a sign of the Wyrm's victories.

Loki

Loki isa violent incarnation of the Trickster. Just as the Get
of Fenris follow the call to war, sodo the followers of Loki. Most
Nuwisha do not like to fight. In the words of my teacher:
"Better to let the others fight. I'll watch them and laugh when
they and their enemies are carried away from their fields of
battle. Then I'll tell others of the great deeds I did on that very
field, and the numbers of my foes I defeated."

Whencompared tothe other Changing Breeds, the Nuwisha
are weak. The Gurahl and the Bastet, the Mokolé and the
Garou: these are made for fighting and killing. Nuwisha are
made to look at the world and learn from it. We'd much rather
lead an enemy to one of the other skinchangers and let
someone bigger and stronger handle the combat.

That is not Loki's way. Loki revels in battle, drinks deeply
of the blood of enemies, and tells true tales of glorious combat.
So with his followers. The Loki believe that they must know
how tofight in order to live among the other Changing Breeds.
T have slain several Garou in combat, and even held my own
against a Gurahl long enough to apologize fordefecating inher
den. What? None of your business! It seemed a good idea at the
time. Now let me talk.

The Loki are the closest things the Nuwisha have to
warriors. But in truth, they're still tricksters. The Loki simply
believe in taking the lessons down to a level that even the

Chapter Two: How to be a Proper Nuwisha

a

Garou can understand. Might does not make right. The Loki
train themselves vigorously in order to teach that lesson toany
enemy who comes along. Sometimes Loki must fight other
skinchangers; sometimes we only need to fight the Wyrm and
his minions. Whatever the case, Loki are prepared to do battle
and win. If a Loki is losing, she is prepared to run for her life,
for a Nuwisha isn't stupid enough to die over an imagined
insult — or a real one, for that matter.

Our goal isn't always to kill our enemies. With the Wyrm,
killing is best, for the minions of the Wyrm don't take defeat
lightly. They will hunt and hunt until they find you, and then
they will devour you. Slowly.

The Garou? Well, we have longbeen their teachers, and we
continue to teach them even though they no longer want our
help. The Nuwisha taught the Children of Wolf how to break
past the barrier that holds the worlds apart. We taught them
the secret of traveling to the stars and coming back. Some
would claim that we taught them too well, but that is a lie.
What they know of the Umbra is less than half of what we
know. In time, you will learn of the Umbra too. But we are
talking about the faces of Coyote now.

The Loki exist to teach the Garou and others that
thoughts are as importantas actions. Oftentimes this means
we must fight the Garou. It's very easy to make a werewolf
angry, but it's much harder to make him learn from his
mistakes. For most Garou, the rage they feel is all they think
they need to survive.

Some have learned our lessons well, like the Children of
Gaia and the Silent Striders. Others have ignored our lessons,
no matter how many times we have tried to teach them. The
Wendigo, the Get of Fenris, the Black Furies, the Red Talons
and, toalesserextent, the Fianna: all continue to fight firstand
think second. We have much work to do.

Raven

Raven is cunning and sneaky. Raven watches while others
squabble, and Raven always listens. Raven has long been
Coyote's friend, and many times he has saved Coyote from his
own mistakes. Coyote owes so much to Raven that he some-
times becomes Raven for a time, allowing the great bird to
relax for a little while. They're so much alike that they are
really one and the same, even though they're different.

The followers of Raven are still tricksters, but they are also
the ones who watch over the other skinchangers. The Raven
spend much of their time in disguise, lurking among the other
Changing Breedsand learning their ways. They are the leaders
of the Nuwisha, if we can be said to have leaders. Wisdom is
more important than humor for the Raven. They study all
there is tosee, and often help the other skinchangers avoid the
most dangerous follies that come their way. At one time or
another, all followers of Coyote are followers of the Raven, for
that is what Coyote demands, and so that is what we do.

When the War of Rage came to the Nuwisha, it was Raven
who taught us the best ways to avoid conflict. When the Garou

29


a FA

would attack, and she would drop me to the ground, again-tad
again. Each time | fell, I grew angrier. As the battle progressed, the
Wendigol had defeated rose from the ground and watched the old
woman humiliate me. This made me angrier. He chuckled as was
bested. He laughed as I dusted myself off and charged again.

Finally the Wendigo called out to me, "Laughs-Too-Much,
you are a bigger fool than I. I had enough sense to stay down
when you beat me. You have lost a hundred battles in thishour
alone, and still you would fight!" I looked at the old woman,
whowasasclean and calmas when we began ourfight. [looked
at the Wendigo where he sat in the dust, bruised and bloodied,
but laughing. Then I looked at myself. Even through my fur,
I could see the bruises and welts from where the crone had hit
meso many times. I wore enough of the desert floor to hide the
color of my pelt. I was sticky with sweat and bloodied from a
dozen wounds. I sat downiff disgust, and I glared at the old
woman. There she stood, a serene smile on her face and a
twinkle inhereyes. And! knew thatan Oghma had bested me.

I looked back on what I had done, and realized at last that
Thad almost fallen to the Wyrm. My anger was nota pure rage
asthe Garouare granted. My arrogance wasnot deserved. I had
done battle only for my pride, and that is wrong. I laughed hard
then, for I realized how foolish I had been.

When I turned to thank the old woman, she was gone. But
she had left her skin behind. Old Man Manyskins had bested
me in combat, and he had done soa hundred times over. | am
a good warrior, but now I understand that there are always
better warriors out there. I was lucky. I should have died for my
stupidity. That is what the Oghma taught me.

The Oghma come from our very best. They do not choose
Oghma, he chooses them. They are the brightest Children of
Coyote, and one day I hope to join their ranks.

Xochipilli

Xochipilli is a player in the game of chance. He is constantly
taking risks that are beyond his ability. Sometime he wins, and
sometimes he loses. In either case, healways laughs. For Xochipilli,
the thrill of challenging the odds is more exciting than humiliat-
inga Get of Fenris at a grand moot. His children live by the same
belief. They thrive on challenges that would daunt the bravest
skinchangers. They do not need to brag of their deeds; others
always know when the Xochipilli have accomplished a task.

Once, on a bet, a Xochipilli climbed aboard a moving plane
filled with the minions of the Wyrm. When the plane was high
above the ground, the Xochipilli stopped the engines by throw-
ing feather pillows and bones into them. With all of the engines
gone, the pilots tried to bring the plane down safely. The
Nuwisha, Mocks-The-Odds, ripped the steering devices from the
plane's wings and then shredded the tires of the plane as it tried
to land. The plane rolled three times and exploded in a ball of
flames. There were no survivors, except Xochipilli Mocks-The-
Odds. Hisarm was tom offin the landing, buthe laughed anyway.

The Xochipilli are insane in their actions. They are also
among the luckiest of the Nuwisha.

SZ
-S

oR

xX

XX


came and demanded that we surrender our kibas that they
might have caerns, we did so without argument. A few power-
ful kibas we hid away, but most now belong to the Garou... or
so they think. Satisfied that they had driven usaway, the Garou
took the kibas Earth Mother granted us and used them for their
own. Coyote taught us to change our shapes for hiding. Raven
suggested using that same Gift as a means of continuing to use
our kibas. The Garou tend our kibas for us, fighting to defend
them against every foe. In turn, we have more time for solving
puzzles and learning about the world. This is a good thing.

The Raven do not attempt to control the tribes of the Garou.
That would be foolish. Instead, the Raven work hard to make
themselves a part of the Garou community, and then they make
suggestions in the right ears and see what happens. Most times,
the wisest of the Ravens have managed nothing short of miracles.
Some say it wasa great Raven who ended the second War of Rage.
He whispered in the proper ears, and the mouths belonging to
those ears whispered to the leaders of the Garou tribes. In time the
war ended, and no one was the wiser. In many ways, the Raven

are the finest warriors we have, for they almost never have to draw
blood in order to make their points known. The Changing Breeds
owe much to the Raven, butdonot know how much. That is best,
for some of the finest tricks are the ones that are never revealed.

Oghma

Oghma is the bard. Just as Coyote sang the world into
existence and brought forth many of the creatures on Earth
Mother's back with his songs, Oghma sings of peace and tells
the tales that enrich us all.

The followers of Oghma are the ones responsible for infor-
mation. They are the memory and voice of the Nuwisha and
Coyote. The Oghma sing songs of wisdom and foolishness.
Their tales remind us that no one is perfect, even Coyote

Coyote has made many mistakes. He has died countless times
and comes back again and again, always a little wiser for the
experience. The Oghma remind us that we too are flawed. There
are very few followers of Oghma at any given time, but their task
is perhaps the most important. They keep the Nuwisha humble.
The Oghma remind us to laugh notonly atothers, butat ourselves
as well. Where the Nuwisha teach others through tricks and
pranks, the Oghma teach the Nuwisha in the same way.

Once, I began to believe that I was the very best at fighting.
I bragged of my victories, and challenged many foes in combat.
Ismashed humans who challenged me, and I struck down all
who fought against me. In my pride I danced very close to the
maw of the Wyrm, and I was almost swallowed.

In my arrogance I forgot that the greatest sin in Coyote's
eyes is pride. One day an old woman watched as I defeated yet
another Garou. She was a withered crone, hardly able to stand
onher frail legs. She smiled at me, and said that she could have
defeated two such as the one I had just bested. I looked at the
Wendigo at my feet, and I looked at the old woman. I laughed.

The crone laughed with me, and then she took her cane and
swept my feet out from under me. For three hours we fought. I

~~ "

ai crea

|

Chung Kuel

Chung Kuel is also a master of the odds. However, he
plays the odds in a different way. He makes sure that others
lose, rather than trying to win himself. Coyote loves the
ways of Chung Kuel, and often wears the face of the god of
luck. The followers of Chung Kuel thrive on pranks as few
others could. Rather than openly opposing their enemies,
the Chung Kuel make certain that the worst kinds of luck
strike their foes.
tant documents on computers or in the mail are lost for all

Ladders fall down for no reason, or impor-

time. Theirs is a subtle art, but a very powerful one.

The Chung Kuel have managed feats that have affected
the world, and they continue to do so. You have heard of
the Great Depression? You have heard of the troubles the

humans had with their stock market during those times?

That w:
those times. They had invested much of their money in

is the work of the Chung Kuel. Pentex was new in
several stocks in the hopes of gaining great profit. The
Chung Kuel made sure that this didn't happen. The result-
ing delays were only minor in the great scheme of things,
but for a time Pentex was slowed down. The Chung Kuel
never toyed with the stock market again. Not because they
feared they would hurt the humans, but because they knew
they could. It was easier than you might imagine to cause a
panic among the humans.

Breaking dams, close calls at nuclear reactors, even the

landslide victories of certain politicians: all of these things

have been accomplished by the Chung Kuel. All because
they decided who was an enemy and then made their
enemy suffer from the worst luck. Do not think them evil,
for the Chung Kuel do as they must. They
of the Wyrm, no matter what the cost

Ptah

Ptah is the creator of the universe. He is the gateway
between the worlds, the one responsible for granting life to
Earth Mother. His followers are the Umbral Dansers, the
guardians of the stars. All of the Nuwisha follow Ptah; most
follow him all the time. Only a handful remains behind on
Earth Mother, b
and the Umbra from Wyrm's influence.

Jow the progre:

use most are busy protecting the stars

The Ptah do not fight in the way that most others do.
They are the consummate tricksters. The Ptah acknowl-
edge that some places in the Umbra are beyond recovery.
Instead, they use their Gifts for the greatest good. They
hide from Wyrm's minions what Wyrm must not see.

Wyrm works in mysterious ways. His puppets are often
unaware of his existence or that they do his bidding. There
are mages who call themselves the Void Engineers. Their
purpose is to make the Umbra cease to exist. By studying
the Umbra, the Void Engineers report their findings to the
world, and in so doing they steal the power of the Umbra.
The mages try to force the Umbra to abide by their rules,
and they've had some success.

|

The Ptah realize that the mages' magick is too powerful
to stop completely. When the Void Engineers discover a
part of the Umbra, they can make that part into a portion
of the Weaver's great web. So the Ptah dedicate themselves
to making certain that the Void Engineers only explore the
parts of the Umbra that belong to the Wyrm. Places of great
power and beauty are protected from the Void Engineers.

The Garou have a select group of their family — the
Wagnerians — which knows of the Ptah and the Umbral
Danse. These Garou are the only ones we trust with the
truth about the Nuwisha. Most believe that the War of
Rage drove us to extinction. That is the way we prefer it.
The Ptah help the Wagnerians in their quest to find a new
Earth Mother. The Wagnerians strive to locate this other
Earth Mother in order to make their Gaia stronger and to
help her live. They've had some success, more than most
people realize. Have you heard of the hole in the ozone
layer? Well, that great gash in Earth Mother's flesh is
growing smaller, in part because of the Wagnerians. We do
not pull pranks on them, but we watch them closely. Too
often they move near the Wyrm, and then we must guide
them back to safety.

Pan and Kokopelli

Pan is the god of nature and all that implies. He isa fertility
god. So too is Kokopelli. Coyote still uses the face of Pan from
time to time, but he prefers to appear in the face of Kokopelli.
Kokopelli demands little of his charges; mostly he insists that
all of them have fun. Pan demands that they always sate their
lust, but never by foreesItis easy tofollow these aspects of the
Trickster. Both have devioussénses of humor like Coyote, and
normally fall into a need to satisfy their desires now . Their
followers are much the'same.

Kokopelli and Pan believe that dance is important.
Dance is the celebration of life and nature, as well as the
finest way to express one's feelings. From this love of dance
and elegance come many of the methods the Nuwisha have
developed for fighting. There is no name for our dance of
war; it's simply another part of thé greaterdance that all of
us experience in the course of our lives. Both Pan and
Kokopelli love music as well, and many Nuwisha learn to
play the flute or another wind instrumentin order to grant
music to these two aspects of Coyote.

The Kokopelli are remembered throughout the American
Southwest. Where the Nuwisha traveled, Kokopelli is painted
on the rocks and carved into stone. Most of these images
weren't our doing, but area remembrance of when we passed
through a place and brought joy and musie with us.

In many ways the Kokopelli, and even the Pan, are
symbols of our youth. We must never allow the world to
weigh so heavily that we forget to revel inthewild abandon
of innocence. Even now, asIdeal with the mantle ofa Loki,
I bear the sign of Kokopelli around my neck on this bone
choker. When you see that sign, remember that the time to

"celebrate is near.

Chapter Two: How to be a Proper Nuwisha

Te PP

ee 2 ee

Kishijoten

Kishijoten is Coyote's nurturing aspect, even though many
would doubt Coyote capable of feeling any responsibility for
anyone. In truth, Kishijoten is the Trickster's way of giving
guidance and care to the Nuwisha. Many times in the past
Kishijoten has shown our people the kindness that heals.

The followers of Kishijoten are many, for it is in our nature
to care for others, whether we truly want to or not. After the
many insults the Garou have dealt us, still we forgive and still
we lendaid—when we can sneak it past them. The Kishijoten
are most often found with the other Changing Breeds, dis-
guised as one of their own and ready to lend moral or physical
support. You'd be surprised how often the Wendigo and the
Get of Fenris need someone sympathetic to listen to their
problems. Even the Red Talons cannot stand alone against the
pains thrown at Earth Mother, no matter what their claims.
Twice in the past, the Kishijoten have aided the leaders of the
Silver Fangs, taking their madness away and preventing them
from destroying all they sought to build. Ofall the Garou, the
Silver Fangs suffer the most. The crown of leadership is heavy,
and the sins they have committed in the past haunt them.
And, oh, their sins have been many. The Kishijoten do not
believe in provoking combat, for that only causes more grief.

The Kishijoten follow the very hardest path, for the
humor that heals is much softer than a gentle snow. It grates
against our natures to be constantly kind. There isa certain
maliciousness in our nature. We almost physically need to
play tricks and cause mischief. Life is not as sweet when we
must avoid humiliating those we meet.

The Trickster has more aspects than even we know of.
Coyote is wise, but he is also carefree. He is sad, even when
he is happy. He lusts for life, and crushes the life from friend
and foe alike with little regard. He is almost painfully
cautious, and he is careless to a fault. He is insatiably
curious, and he is indifferent to what he sees. And we, his
children, are more like him than even we like to admit.

Coyote's Other Children

We are not Coyote's only progeny, not by any stretch of
the imagination. Coyote is lustful, and has always believed
in sleeping anywhere with anyone at any time. This is not
a bad thing, nor is it a good thing. It simply is.

But we are the chosen of Coyote. Ofall his children, we are
the ones blessed with his humor and a fraction of his power.
We are the guardians of his other children, their teachers and
mentors. I refer to our Kinfolk. They do not have our special
gifts. They cannot heal themselves of wounds in a matter of
minutes, or change shapes, or travel to the stars. Most of our
tribe live in the Umbra, as they have for a very long time.
Those who live here, on Earth Mother, are left with a few
responsibilities. The most important of these is our Kinfolk.
Without them, we are nothing.

|


|

We're not as inhibited as some of the other Changing
Breeds. We don't watch over particular families of humans or
particular packs of coyotes for our Kinfolk. We are everywhere.
Even those of us who live in the Umbra must come home to
mate. Therefore, Nuwisha must watch over all humans and all
coyotes left. This does not mean that we must protect every
human from harm. Instead, this means we must do what we can
toprevent the intelligent ones form falling to the Wyrm. What
do I mean by "intelligent ones"? I mean those who can see
beyond their apartment buildings and their nine-to-five jobs.
Those who can still dream and dwell within the wilds of the
world. Too often the other humans find their ways offensive.
They look upon the dreamers as pariahs, and fear them because
they are different. That difference often leads to violence.

There's a reason for the Nuwisha to stay near the humans.
That reason is simple: We must always strive to teach them
patience with the strangers who dare to live differently. Failing
that, we must protect the dreamers, even if we have to kill in
order to ensure their safety.

The coyotes are a different story. In many places they
have been almost exterminated. The great hunters of the
human world look upon the coyotes and see only an enemy.
How could the coyote dare come near the farm, where a
cow or chicken might be killed by his teeth? What gives
him the right to feed on the animals that the humans claim
as their own? In their infinite carelessness, the humans
often seek to destroy entire species. It's sad and foolish.
Trickster placed us all here for a reason. It's not our place
to question his will; we must simply obey.

Since the Europeans first came to the Land, we have
watched themslay the coyote. Many would believe that the
coyote is almost extinct, and they are right to do so. But
now I'll tell you a secret. The Europeans believe they have
driven the coyotes away from the East and forced them to
go into the West. But Coyote is crafty, and so are the
children who bear his name. They are still there, only
better hidden than before. The coyotes live, although
barely, throughout the Land. We must make certain that
this remains the case. We cannot afford to live only in the
desert and the mountains. We must be everywhere.

Breeds

The Garou are funny. They don't mean to be amusing, but
they are just the same. To the werewolves, the race of the
parent is an important aspect of life. This is not so with the
Nuwisha. We have spoken now for a long time. You have
fidgeted and fussed, but you have listened. You were born of
humans, and so you are called a homid. I am latrani, because I
was born of coyotes. Yes, lam very adept at the human-speech,
thank you for noticing. I have lived among humans many
times, and I continue todoso when the urgestrikes me. In time,
and with practice, you will learn to speak as the coyotes do, and
youwill be able to liveamong them without drawing attention.
You have some ability already; your coyote speech is slurred.

34 Nuwisha

We were born of different races, but we are the same race.
Whether we come from man or coyote, wearestill Nuwisha. Why
should it make a difference who your father is or who my mother
is? Itshould not. Itdoes not. We are Nuwisha, and that is enough.

There's a phenomenon that the Garou find offensive. When
two of their kind mate and have children, the children are
usually born deformed, either in their bodies or in their minds.
They are always unable to have children. They're called metis,
and are sneered at by their brethren. In all of the Nuwisha
history, there has never been a metis, at least not that we know
of. It is possible that Coyote feels differently about mating than
does his brother, Wolf. Perhaps many of us are born of two
Nuwisha. If so, they have never suffered for their parents'
actions. No deformities have fallen upon us. Personally, I think
that there have never been children of two Nuwisha. We are
too much alike to stand each other's company for too long.

Rituals

From time to time you will learn new rites and be expected
tocelebrate them in the proper ways. As with all things we do,
these rites area celebration of Coyote. We do not punish those
who do not partake in the rites; that is Coyote's duty.

Ourrites are our traditions. We perform them because todo
otherwise would be wrong. We celebrate life and we celebrate
death in our rites. We dance to the stars, and we sing to the
Trickster. We ridicule our enemies and we praise our honored
heroes, for both have earned the rites we give them.

Mostly, we perform our rites because Coyote asks this of
us. He gives usso much, and he asks so little in return. We're
free of natural disease. We're able to visit the stars and look
back upon Earth Mother to see the dreams of others. We
can run faster than humansand live far longer than coyotes.
We are the Nuwisha, and that is cause enough for celebra-
tion. Do not fear Coyote's wrath, for he is a forgiving father.
Rites performed out of fear are useless. Fear instead what
would happen to us if we lost Coyote. Without our rites to
him, he is weaker. Should he falter and die, we would be
orphans, lost in the world and abandoned by the stars.

Festivals

As with rites, so with festivals. Where many of our rites can
grant favor in the eyes of Coyote, the festivals are a different
matter. The festivals are our way of celebrating and commun-
ing with other Nuwisha we have not seen ina very long while.
The Garou call these gatherings "moots." It is a word you
shouldknow, because we most often hideamong the werewolves.
The proper title for our gathering is simply the Festival. There
is only one meeting a year for our people. On the night of the
wintersolstice, we gather together in our oldest home, what the
humans refer to as the dwellings of the Anasazi. We gather in
the Penumbra to ensure that we are not bothered.

The Festival is a celebration of Coyote and of life. True,
there is discussion of what has occurred and what will occur in

~~ *-


|

the future, but that is handled quickly, allowing us to.get on
with celebrating and to join as family.

Once in the past, a very curious Garou managed to find the
Festival. He'd followed one of our kind who was careless. We
arenota violentrace, but we do understand violence. His body
was never found. We do not discuss this matter with anyone,
and even speaking the unfortunate fool's name is forbidden.
Violence against another Nuwisha is forbidden at the Festival.
The cost of violating this rule is death. Violence against
intruders is encouraged. Even the Nuwisha have their secrets.

The Crickster'sLaws

The Garou have certain rulés they live by. These rules
exist to prevent all-out war between their tribes; and to
guarantee a certain level of dedication to the ideals.of each
tribe. Each family of the Garou interprets and follows this
"Litany" in its own way. In time, you will find a tribe that
suits you, ,afid!¥6n.will be "adopted" by it, though its
membersiwill not knowsthis. They will think you belong.
At that time, you will learmof their,wWays and their laws.

Now isthe time to lear of Coyote's laws. They are few, but
they are important. Coyote is well-known for his sense of
humor, but therearesomethingshe takesseriously. Even those
laws that seem amusing are not broken lightlysCoyote judges
the Nuwisha, and those he finds wanting are often subject to
his will. When Coyote enforces the laws, it's normally not a
reason to laugh — at least for the victim of his anger.

Let Fools Die a Fools Death

It is our responsibility to save the humans from themselves and
toprotect them fromthe Wyrm. It ismtourplace to stopa suicide
or forcea persontolive who is in pain. Iris our place to teach those
who will liste: All others are on their own. We do not interfere
in wars, andiwe do not punish the sinners. That is for others to do.
The Garowhave made cleanthat we are not welcome to infringe
on what they see as their personal mission. Coyote dictates that
we let the werewolves handle matters as they will. Leave justice
to the Garou. We are their teachers, not their masters.

There is an exception to this rule. We are always to make
the Wyrm suffer.

Teach Those Who Need
Ceaching a Proper Lesson

Let the punishment fit the crime. I've justexplained that we
do not commit acts of vengeance. That is true. But there is no
tule against helping the foolish on their way. When you find
someone who desperately needs to be taught the error of his
ways, you may help him. You may help him in Coyote's way,
by which I mean you may prank him endlessly until he can no
longer stand the thought of what he did.

Tonce ran across a murderer who felt no guilt or remorse

for the crimes he committed. More often than you might

imagine, the ghosts of those killed by murderers find their
own vengeance. In this case, no ghosts lingered in hopes of
revenge. I took their place. For three weeks, I imitated the
voices of those he killed. I whispered in his ear when he
slept, and dropped personal items of the people he killed
where he could not help finding them. Before I was done
with him, he knew remorse for his deeds. He confessed to
his crimes, and was punished by the humans. Later, after
he'd spent four weeks in prison, he committed suicide.

I met thieves who grew frustrated when the bounty they
stole was in turn stolen from them. I also took whatever else
they had that I found interesting. I replaced the bullets in
every gun belonging toa violent gang with blanks. Imagine
their surprise when they discovered the truth. In that case,
they didn't live longenoughstomlearn from their mistakes.

Always Prank the Wyrm

"The Children of Wormare ourenemies. They donot care for
others orteach lessons thatneed learning. They kill and destroy
for the sheer pleasure of doing so. We return the favor to them
many times over. There are tricks, and there are pranks. Tricks

-atéfor friénds»Pranksare forenemies«Pfanks are hormally fatal,

orat the very least debilitating. Don't befriend the Wyrm, save
in preparation ofa prank. Never trust the Wyrm, forhe is surely
as much a liar as Coyote and twice the braggart as well.
This is more than a matter of right or wrong, this is
personal vendetta. Worm scored Coyote, and Coyote always
temembersaslight. In torturing the Wyrm, you honor Coyote.

Be Subtle

‘Humans-do not take well to seeing our Nuwisha nature.
Many will imagine they haveseen something else as time goes
‘on. Thatis Brother Wolfs gift to tis. We are under the Veil of
the Delirium. But there are always a few who are willing to
believe in us. For that reason, we donot flaunt our differences.
In other lands, inGistant times, the humans killed the Chang-
ing Breeds. We do not, want to see this happen gail.

Respect Luna

Coyote wronged Luna, and thi8the knows. We serenade
the moon because this is the promise of Coyote.

Chink, Then Act

Coyote gifted us with wits. Use them. Don't enrage an
enemy you can't escape. Don't betray the location of a kiba,
for we have few left. Don't mingle with the Wyrm, for he is
dangerously seductive. Don't lash out in anger, for we are
weaker than most other shapeshifters. Always find the
humor in any situation, for laughter is our greatest gift, and
can‘cure more than you could ever imagine.

That is our version of what the Garou call "the Litany."
It is not as complex as the werewolves' laws, but it suffices.

Chapter Two: How to be a Proper Nuwisha 35

7A ——_>—— a

|


Mf Z

C

= My
\ Ss \ NON i a
SSS /

7

~~ = t7 / , f
eS


There are only 100 of our people on the Earth at any given
time. Most of usare among the stars. That leaves usa great deal
of space for examining the world. The United States of
America is
Aswith Coyote, it's in ournature toexplore. An open doorway
is an invitation in the eyes of the Nuwis

Each continent is different. The humans are always there,
and the Wyrmisalways there, butaside from these things, each

large, but is only a fraction of what there is to see.

place offers its own mysteries to solve — and its own threats.
There are no guarantees of safety for you, no matter where you
go. You might call on other Nuwisha for aid, but by the time
they arrived, it would likely be too late to help you.

For that reason, it's important to know something of the
home-grown life in any area. That's the natural and super-

natural as well. There are things in this world that no

Chapter Three: The World From Coyote's Eyes

a a ay

So I walked on high

And I stuck to the edge

To see my world below.

And I laugh at myself

As the tears roll down

Cause it's the world I know

It's the world I know

Sollective Soul, "The World I Know"

Nuwisha has ever seen. For that reason alone we would
travel the globe a hundred times. There are things the
Nuwishashould neversee, things that could destroy us with

aglance or feed on our entrails fora hundred achingly slow
years. That's why we must travel the globe. We must always
know our enemies, even if we have never met them before.

Coyote traveled the Land many times, each time finding
something new. He asks that we do the same, for though we
come from the Pure Lands, our responsibilities lie everywhere.

You'll likely meet other Nuwisha during your travels.
They'll seem strange to you, for they are not from the Land.
Nuwisha come from everywhere. We are not tied to one
place any more than we are tied to this world. Look for
them; they are still your family, no matter how strange they
might seem.

37


Asia

Coyote's Gifts to us have always been of benefit in the
land called Asia. The Shadow Lords and the Stargazers are
there, asare the peculiarhengeyokai .Amongthemare the
Kitsune, Fox's brood. Werefoxes are strange creatures, with
many strange beliefs. They are also among the few we can
honestly call friends. They are like us in many ways, but
they are as different as Luna from Earth Mother. That's
what makes them interesting to know.

Kitsune lean more toward violence than we do, but their
need to destroy is always balanced by theirneed to preserve.
Do not question the actions of the Kitsune, for Coyote does
not need us to teach them. I have long believed the Kitsune
are Coyote's other children. Perhaps someday the Trickster
will let me know if I am right. Kishijoten is strongest in
Japan, where the Kitsune dwell. I tend to think there is a
connection between the two.

The Shadow Lords rule Japan, and the Asian Glass
Walkers dominate elsewhere. The Stargazers keep to the
remote areas. If you must choose among the three, stay with
the Stargazers. Their ways are most honest.

The Middle East

If ever a place was made for pranking, it's the Middle
st. In the world of humans, there is the occasional
fanatic, a rare human who insists that his ideas are the only
proper ones to follow. In the Middle East, whole countries
overflow with these people. To make their point, the
fanatics of the Middle East strap bombs on their chests and
kill themselves, taking as many others as they can with
them when they die. For some reason, none of them have
caught on to the fact that they all worship the same deity.
They are blinded by the certainty that only their form of
worship is proper. They cannot all be right, and for that
reason they kill any who disagree.

I think the Wyrm is stronger in their minds than any-
where else on the planet, even in the Land. The humans rip
the blood of Earth Mother from the ground here in order to
buy foods grown in other parts of the world. They find
nothing wrong with this. Again, they are insane.

The Silent Strider Garou still walk the land here, doing
what they can to solve the mysteries of the human mind, I
guess. Personally, I think they've gone crazy to stay in the
area. Tread carefully in the Middle East, but be prepared to
teach many lessons to those who should be taught. Ina land
where no life is held as sacred, even the life ofan individual,
pranks are the rule of the day. They do not learn well in the
Middle East.

Australia

One tribe of Garou fell victim to the War of Rage. The
other Garou found them wanting, and so they killed them
all. Where the Children of Croatan died to save the Land,

|

38 Nuwisha

ny

a A ee

the Children of Bunyip were slaughtered out of spite and

maliciousness. Bunyip is still angry. The ghosts of his _

children still honor him, but they can no longer dance for
him or make proper sacrifices. Never venture into the
Umbra of Australia in anything but your true form. If the
Bunyip see another werewolf, their hatred drives them
insane. If they see a Nuwisha, they understand that we do
not mean them harm. Many of the Umbral Dansers travel
to the Penumbra of Australia, for the pain felt by the spirits
there is a deep suffering that we can't ignore. Kishijoten
would never allow us to ignore such agonies.

From time to time the Nuwisha who travel to Australia
take the form of Bunyip Garou, and make celebrations in
the Bunyip way. We are not the Bunyip, but the wound left
by their destruction will be remembered by all Garou who
come to Australia. We won't let the Garou forget that they
killed their own.

Europe

Never hasa land been so filled with differences. In many
places you can walk for only a day and come across an
entirely different culture. The vampires are strong in Eu-
rope, much stronger than they are here. As a result, the
Garou are even more territorial than they are in the Land.
The Get of Fenris are more savage than their American kin
could hope to be. The Black Furies are equally vicious.
Their long-standing feud is more obvious in Europe.

What few other skinchangers there are in Europe are
harder to find, for they have learned to avoid the Garou,
and in many ways we are too much like them. Ata distance
we can be confused for Garou.

Still, the humans in Europe are particularly amusing.
Many of them insist that their particular country is superior
to all others with the same zeal that the Middle Easterners
show to their God.

You must be cautious if you travel to Europe. You must
never reveal what you are to any Garou in that land, for
their beliefs are too set, and they are suspicious of anyone
who is not from their country. Many of them make the
Wendigo seem calm by comparison, and that includes the
more "civilized" tribes.

Great Britain

For so small a land, it has many powers. The faeries still
live there. They hide themselves among the humans and
avoid the ways of humans at the same time. They are a
funny people, and we are very fond of them. The Fianna are
strong throughout Britain, as are the Get of Fenris. Both
tend more toward revelry than violence, except when they
are around each other.

The Wyrm is old and powerful here, and his finest
soldiers lie below your feet. The Black Spiral Dancers grow
stronger and the Garou grow weaker with each passing

~~ *

a

|


Aaa

yege-Perhaps, just perhaps, the Garou intBritain will
our help before they ask elsewhere.

South America

The tribes of the Pure Onesstill thrive in South America.
Unfortunately, the Wyrm is also thriving here. Humans,
with their endless need to be the most powerful and
wealthy, have found that theirown people in South America

are easy prey. The Wyrm's minions build new Hives for the
Corrupter, crushing Earth Mother's bounty wherever they
find it. Again we wait for an invitation to join in the fight.

Until then, tread cautiously in the southern lands.

The Amazon Basin is in danger from the Wyrm. For the
first time since they came to crush the Pure Ones, the
Europeans work well together. They dwell in the very heart
of the Wyrm's territory and do what they can to hold back
the Wyrmlings' progress. Too little, too late, unfortunately
The forests burn, and the wonders that Earth Mother
provides are destroyed. The Balam and Mokolé held the
land with no difficulty. Now that the Garou have weak-
ened them through the War of Rage, the werewolves try to
take back what the Wyrm was able to steal. Proud, foolish
Garou.

Sometimes we go down to South America and lend aid,
in our own way, to the War of the Amazon. Nuwisha
usually visit when the packs of Garou they've been walking
with ends up there. When these Xochipilli are near the
great war zone, certain informative papers are sometimes
very easy for the Garou to find, and the Wyrm'
often don't work as well as they should. This

machines
s all we can

do. We are forbidden to join in the fight, because the Garou
aimed the war of the Amazon as their own. Coyote
commands that we wait, and so we shall.

Atrica

Once, long ago, we called the Silent Striders our friends,

have c

and we learned many secrets of the continent called Afri
The War of Rage changed all that. Those who were as
inquisitive as we are became nonentities in our eyes. They

xist like the other Garou, but they are no longer our

equals. The land they once called their own is long gone to
them, taken by the Leeches and swallowed by the growing
desert. We miss them. They were our friends. Perhaps one
day we can be friends again. In the meantime, we watch
over them with a special passion, guiding them in their
quests to find the truth. They are closer than all of the other

tribes combined

Africa dies. She dies slowly, true, but the Europeans have
succeeded in killing her. They hunted her greatest protec-
tors and slaughtered her bounty. The elephants are almost
gone, and the gorillas are hardly more than a dream. The
desert grows, and the humans who are wisest are punished
for their wisdom by governments that find them offensive.


Centuries of tradition are crushed by fools who feel that
dressing in the wrong fashion or ignoring their fear of
nudity is a sin in the eyes of their god. Once again, the
human need to force a view of not just what god should be
worshipped, but how that god should be worshipped has
sown the seeds for the Wyrm. Once again it's Earth Mother
who must reap what the humans have sown.

The Ananasi are strongest in Africa. There are still
many places they control and many places where they are
free to do as they will. Again, they choose to fight each
other. The Wyrm has harmed them more than most of us.
They are frightening and odd, but Ti Malice is alsoa spider,
and she is one of our greatest teachers. Do not fight the
Ananasi, unless they have truly fallen to the Wyrm.

The Children of Cat — the Bagheera, the Si
Simba — once protected Africa from the Wyrm's greatest
depredations. Now they are few, thanks to the War of Rage. The
Garou do their work well when they join together. Had we not
left for the stars, the Nuwisha would likely be only a memory.

North America

Ihave traveled to many places and seen many things that

ara and the

are fascinating and worthy of tales. In the end I have always
returned to the Land, for it's my home in spite of every-
thing. The Croatan are gone, and the Wendigo are mad-

dened still by their grief. The Uktena have long since lost
the smile they once shared with us. The Corax are weak-
ened, and the Gurahl are few. The Ratkin thrive in the
sewers of cities instead of on the plains. The Mokolé are
almost a faded memory. We Nuwisha are not allowed to
roam here as we once did. Instead we guard the stars from
humans and the Wyrm. The Nunnehi are still able to walk
the Land, and they dance with us on special occasions. The
Pure Ones are still here, though they are weakened by their
| and the mistreatments they have suffered at the
hands of the Europeans. Their innocence is forever lost

now. Lunastill thrives, though, and there are great spans of
the Land where wise humans tend to Earth Mother. Reli-
gion here is strong; there are less who would kill for their
god, though a few exist. Slowly the humans learn that to kill
the Land is to kill themselves. All in all, it's still home, in
spite of its flaws. Someday I shall finally go into the Umbra,
where the wisest of us dwell, but not just yet.

For now | shall thrive on the Land, and I shall teach thé
foolish the errors of their The variety of fools found
here is greater than anywhere else, and every day offers a

new challenge to overcome. This is where Coyote first
walked on Earth Mother. This is where his laughter is still
heard in the roar of the storms and the sighing of the leaves.
This is where Coyote wants me — | feel it in my bones and
in the winds that brush against my fur. Se

~~ *

40 Nuwisha

we


:

Che Umbra - =

You haven't been to the stars yet. You haven't felt the
winds of heaven ruffle your fur, or smelled the special scent
of the void. You will. You're Nuwisha. Earth Mother was
our home once, and we canstill stay here from time to time.
But our place now is with Coyote, running between the
stars and watching over the last places safe from the Wyrm.

There are other creatures out there that walk with us.
There are so many that I could never fully explain them to
you. Some things you simply must see.

Inthe places between the stars there are special islands ofhope
and nightmare. The Garou call them "Realms." We call them
Domains. The Domains belong to many things. In some places
they belong to the Garou, and in others they belong to humans
who know magick. Most belong to no one and no thing. These
we borrow to make our homes in the Umbra. There isa Domain
we call Coyote's Tunnel, though there are no tunnels in the
place. Coyote's Tunnel is where Coyote rests from time to time,
when he has grown tired of searching the stars. Many Nuwisha
have met Coyote in that sacred place. Coyote is a negligent
father, but he loves his children just the same. We are always
welcome in Coyote's Tunnel. The food there is filled with flavors
you can't even imagine, and the very ground tells tales of
Coyote's deeds. Countless doors to other places are hidden there.
Most are locked and forbidden to us, but a few wait for Nuwisha
to pass through. Past those unbarred entrances are the places
where Trickster's other faces wait. Each totem is there, waiting
toanswer questions. Sometimes the answers are lies, because the
wrong questions are asked. Mostly they are the truth.

From Coyote's Tunnel, any place in the Umbra is sec-
onds away. We would all stay there, I think, if we could
stand that much peace. There is so much to see! In compari-
son, Earth Mother is the tiniest grain of dust adrift in an
endless ocean. Someday, if you're very lucky, you'll get to
see all of that sea of stars.

For every wonder of the stars, there is a nightmare waiting.
The Weaver and the Wyrm have hurt even the Umbra with
their foolish battle. Of everything I tell you, remember this if
nothing else: The Umbra is ours. We belong in the heavens,
for they nurture us with endless adventures. We belong to the
stars, for they must be protected, and that is our sacred duty.
The webs of Spider must be shifted away, and Brother Worm
must never be allowed to eat the stars. His hunger is endless,
and we must always strive to keep him from the places where
he is not wanted.

This is what Coyote demands. Who are we to defy him?

The Other
Changing Breeds

I mention the other skinchangers, and suddenly you are
paying attention. I almost think you'd rather be one of
them. Well, that's only normal. They can do things we

Chapter Three: The World From Coyote's Eyes

| a maa cari air /

can't, and that makes them tempting. You've got a strong
sense of adventure. It'll do you well, if you can sit still long
enough to hear the rest of this. Quit scowling! You look
stupid when you make that face. Now then, the others...

The Garou

The other shapeshifters are our cousins, for better or
worse. In many cases it's for the better, but there are
exceptions to every rule. Most of us agree that the Garou are
the largest exception. They're angry and bitter; they see the
mistakes they have made, and still they find reasons for
their every act, no matter how vile. Of course, if you point
that out to the Garou, they'll invite you to stay around
awhile, so they can teach you the error of your ways. When
they've finished, you might walk again, but I don't think so.
Petulant and proud, that's the Garou.

The Black Furies

The distinction between genders is too powerful with
the Black Furies. They are brave, intelligent and capable,
but they punish their own for the sin of being male. Isn't
that a bit like beating your child because you didn't cut her
hair right? My teacher said, "Black Furies do not suffer from
premenstrual syndrome, they suffer from permanent men-
strual syndrome." He said that where they could hear it,
then heran like hell. Some of them are still hoping to catch
him. He was right about one thing, though: They have a
permanent mean streak about twice as wide as the Rio
Grande.

The Bone Gnawers

They're survivors. More importantly, they help those
who need helping. Most of their kin look down on the Bone
Gnawers. That's a shame, ‘cause they could learn much
from the scavengers if they would only try. There are a few
exceptions, but for the most part, the Bone Gnawersare the
best example of Garou. They're noble, they're brave, and
they're resourceful. Unlike their counterparts, they think
before they act. They also lack manners. I'd like them even
better if they'd bathe a little more often. Some of them are
proud of the fact that they have grease spots two years old
on their pelts.

The Children of Gaia

The Children of Gaia came from all tribes. Unlike the
others, they didn't always run rampant. Now they are a
growing faction within Garou society, and they are one of
the best hopes the Garou have of ever uniting as a force
against the Wyrm. Many Garou look at them as weak,
feeling that their desire for peace is a flaw. Perhaps someday
the fools will learn. Perhaps we will teach them yet. On the
other hand, some of the Children are a bit arrogant. 1
wonder if they'll decide that the other Changing Breeds
need culling somewhere down the line.

|


|

Fianna

In this world, many a person is selected and found
wanting simply because of her heritage. But in the case of
the Fianna, the stereotype fits. Most drink too much and
brawl too much. They sing and dance and enjoy life, butare
quick to get mad and slow to calm down. With only the
slightest provoking, they're as violent as the Get of Fenris.
Also, like the Get, they take too much pride in the region
where they were born and spend too much of their time
dealing with the mistakes their human cousins make. They
outdo the Get in their ability to sing sad songs, though.
They should be fighting the Wyrm, not screaming for an
end to the British rule of their land. On the other hand,
they do know how to throw a party, and St. Patrick's Day
is always fun. You haven't seen anything until you've seen
adozen drunken Garou charging down the street with their
fur dyed green. That's the one day a year I think the Fianna
don't care about the Veil.

Get of Fenris

The Get of Fenris believe they are the strongest of the
Garou. They believe that they must teach all others how to
be strong. There is a certain wisdom in that notion, but I
was taught how the Get were all too eager to hunt down the
other Changing Breeds during the War of Rage. I've heard
tales of the atrocities some committed during the Second
World War, and I know that they are often racist. They are
strong in body and second to none in combat. Sadly, they
lack the intelligence to rule the other tribes. They also lack
the ability to see their own flaws.

They're braggarts and ruffians, but their hearts are nor-
mally in the right place. They watch out for each other, you
see. There are few I'd rather have on my side if | hada fight
coming, and few I'd rather tease when they are feeling high
and mighty. If you want to make the Get angry enough to
attack you, tell ‘em they fight like girls, or that they're weak
compared to the Bone Gnawers. Trust me, you'll definitely
get a fight. Never fight a Get of Fenris with survival in
mind. Fight to humiliate and degrade. That hurts their
Nordic hearts more than losing an arm ever could.

Glass Walkers

There are Garou who live in the cities of humans and do
what they can to fight against the Wyrm in political battles.
The Ti Malice commend the notion, and point out that a
surprising number of the Glass Walkers stop fighting the
war and start playing the human game of profit and loss.
Too many would sell their souls for a good pension plan.
Too many have. They like to think of themselves as being
special; they like to believe that they are adaptable. They
are wrong, and daily they grow closer to feeding on their
Mother's carcass. On the other hand, they do have nice
suits, and are lots of fun to mug. I had a Ferrari automobile
once. It used to belong to a Glass Walker stockbroker in
New York. Now it belongs to a junkyard in Hackensack,

42 Nuwisha

_———EEI———————E ee

New Jersey. Maybe | should have learned to drive before
stealing it. 3

Red Talons

The wolves of the Garou should be the perfect example
of what Brother Wolf tried to teach his children. Unfortu-
nately, they've allowed themselves to be tainted by the
ideals of their brethren. The Red Talons look upon all
humans as a blight, never realizing that some of the ones
they kill are trying to help them. They have no mercy for
the humans, nor room in their hearts for anything but
vengeance. We could have gone that way when the hu-
mans began killing coyotes wherever they saw them, but we
decided to learn from the Red Talons' errors. Coyotes are
not normally hunted down with the same prejudice as
wolves. I pity the Red Talons. They have lost so much, and
still they cannot see what they do wrong.

Shadow Lords

The Shadow Lords are nothappy with being second best.
They see the Silver Fangs as their enemies, and all other
Garou as pawns. | take special delight in returning the
compliment. The Shadow Lords are amazingly easy to
manipulate. Just soothe their perpetually wounded egos to
make them useful pawns. Do not trust them. They dance
too close to the heart of the Wyrm. If you're ever looking
for a place to stay, getting past their security systems and
borrowing their big-city apartments while they're away is
always good for a laugh. Make sure you mark the territory
well, so they know you've been there. It's more fun when
they have to get their expensive carpets cleaned.

Silent Striders

We have a lot in common with the Silent Striders. It's
far too easy to allow ourselves to think of them as friends.
By all means, be friendly to the Striders. They're far more
likely to strike up a conversation than any other Garou. Just
never trust them. The Striders betrayed a trust once, and we
cannotallow that to happen again. Fool me once, shame on
you. Fool me twice, shame on me. On the brighter side, they
know the some of the best riddles.

Silver Fangs

1 often wonder how the Silver Fangs can see when they
constantly have their muzzles in the air. We know who
caused the War of Rage. We know that their insanity is a
dangerous thing. The most lethal of the Silver Fangs seem
perfectly sane. They're the ones who smile politely before
they order your head served to them ona golden platter. Do
not trust them. They are more subtle than the Shadow
Lords, but they are just as deadly. More so, for they can
command the other Garou to do their bidding. Want to
make an enemy fast? Start rumors about a Silver Fang's
heritage.

~~ +

f


a AA

Stargazers 3

We share a passionate curiosity with the Stargazers.
They constantly seek the answers to every puzzle in the
universe. Sometimes they're so busy looking at the stars
that they forget to look where they're going. I've actually
seen no less than three Stargazers walk into trees while
trying to solve new riddles. Then they stop to wonder how
the trees got in their way. They're silly; I like that about
them. Sadly, they have become accustomed to a certain
level of complexity in the puzzles they find, and often miss
the easiest solutions. In all their time they have not yet
realized that Worm needs freeing from his bonds. Once
freed, he would also lose the rage that holds him a prisoner
as surely as it does the Garou.

Uktena

There was a time when the Uktena could smile. They
danced, and they sang, and they celebrated as all of the Pure
Ones did. Now they have forgotten the songs and forsaken
the memory of their brothers, the Croatan. In trying to
make sure the Wyrm can never awaken his greatest ser-
vants, they overlook the smaller perils and traps he sets for
them. Too many of the Uktena fall to the Wyrm's embrace.
The means they use to fight him are becoming suspicious to

many, and not just to the Garou or us. They cannot see the
forest; the trees get in their way.

Wendigo

Where the Uktena have forgotten Croatan's sacrifice,
the Wendigo cannot forget it, or forgive it. They hold a
grudge that spans centuries, and they feel no pity for the
foolish who are easily led astray. The Wendigo hate the
Europeans with a ferocity that is unfathomable. In fighting
what they hate the most, they have become all too like their
enemies. They have become a bitter reflection of the Get
of Fenris — just as set in keeping their stock pure, and just
as determined to die for what they know in their hearts is
not the proper way to act. Pain has blinded them. The
entire tribe just needs to get laid and relax a little. Pass the
peyote, and let's have a giggle festival.

Bastet

The werecats are solitary. They do not care for the
company of humans or even each other. If they could learn
what they needed to without consulting with their elders,
the Bastet would likely never speak to each other. The
Children of Cat are a perfect example of what happens
when the student is taught well. They are independent and

normally self-sufficient. They are the luckiest ofthe Chang- 2S
= eae
—

el
ar A

ie Nth

ing Breeds, besides us. =
There are almost as many tribes of Bastet as there are of | [ ~ 2 sa. N
Garou. The difference is, the Bastet divide by race, not by WR SY
region. The Bagheera werepanthers, for example, are wise = s

and well-learned. They are also insatiable. If something >


gem ener see mre eS SS) AAO seme

catches their eye, they follow it endlessly in order to study
it. Curiosity killed the cat, and, in the case of the Bagheera,
satisfaction brought him back. In their own way, they
follow Trickster. Just never tell them that. They'd take it as
a slight. They are as arrogant as they are wise.

The werejaguars are a lot like the Wendigo. They don't
like strangers, and they hate Europeans. The weretigers are
rather like the Get of Fenris: violent and deadly. Also, they
have no sense of humor. Never make references to "kitty
cats" around a Khan, unless you can run very, very fast.

Werelions are regal and beautiful. The Simba remind me
of Silver Fangs with a feline disposition. I like them espe-
cially, because they gather in prides. They are also lusty, so
if you can sneak around when one of them is away from the
rest of the pride, you can have a lot of fun. Be careful when
you're annoying them! Coyote, but they're touchy!

The werecougars are funny. They're strong and danger-
ous, but they know how to smile and love a good story.
Cougar was always a friend of Coyote, so we get along well
with the Pumonca. Just don't use any Hollywood slang
around them. I saw what one did to a Glass Walker after he
called her a "squaw." It wasn't pretty, but I laughed for
hours. The lynxes are just as amusing. They pretend not to
care, but they have a curiosity as strong as our own. Hold
something in your hands and cover it completely, just peek
at it from time to time, and if there's a Qualmi in the area,
he'll be doing his best to look cool and sneak a look at what
you have. That's the best way to meet a werelynx. They
hate secrets almost as much as they hate Europeans.

One more thing — catnip. They love catnip.

Gurahl

The Gurahl are large, amiable, fuzzy and cute. They're
also strong enough to rip the average Garou in half. How
can you help but like the combination? When you need a
hand, the werebears are some of the first, eager to be
helpful, and they are. They're also known for a very long
memory when it comes to slights. Wonderful friends and
deadly enemies; I'd rather keep them as friends.

Corax

The wereravensare our brothers, and the wisest of all the
Changing Breeds. They know how to watch, and they
know when not to act. That is more than I can say for our
own people, who are often willing to sacrifice all for a good
laugh. Even we could learn from the Corax. On the other
hand, you can have hours of fun and games with a little
glitter and some glue near a Corax's home. They can't resist
examining anything shiny.

Ratkin

They are greedy to a fault and bitter over the War of
Rage. They are secretive and power-hungry. The Ratkin

44 Nuwisha

thrive on skullduggery and outmaneuvering the Garou.
They build secret passages that they feel are inviolable, _
never realizing that we often walk among them. Those are
their good qualities. Never turn your back on a Ratkin. It
is in their nature to take advantage of that sort of opening.
On the bright side, they are honest to Rat, and they
admirably did their work of keeping the humans from
growing too far, until the Garou slaughtered most of them.
The Ratkin grow stronger now; perhaps they will again
bring the humans back down to where they belong. Respect
the Ratkin. They work very hard to be exactly who they are.

Mokolé

The Mokolé are our comrades. We do not fight with
them and they do not fight with us. The werealligators are
the history of Earth Mother, and the memories of every race
that has passed into oblivion. They are knowledge that we
should learn. We, in turn, are their humor. They are bitter
with lessons forgotten by the others, and they are angry at
the loss of so many of their own. If not for us, they would
weep and scream. Instead, they endure.

Yagah

The wereserpents are a devious lot. They hide their
secrets well, and it takes a great deal of time to learn any of
their ways. For instance, most people think they're dead!
Clever, aren't they? Fortunately, we are curious folks and
willing to invest time and effort in a good trick. Respect the
Nagah. I would tell you more about them, but I think you
should have to go to the same amount of trouble I did to
learn anything of their ways. I thought I sawa man turn into
an eel once. I still can't decide if this was a Nagah.

Rokea

The weresharks are greedy. They feed constantly, and
they feed well. They fight among themselves, and they
crush any enemy they come across. They are a simple
people with simple ways. Many have fallen to the Wyrm,
but even then they remain true to themselves. They are the
Children of Shark, and they do what they must. Swim with
them, but do not become like them. Their ways would kill
us. We are not strong enough to survive what they must
endure every day of their lives. For extra fun with Rokea,
spill chum in the ocean and add lots of hot sauce. They
make the funniest faces when they're in the middle of a
feeding frenzy.

Ananasi

Spider's Children are sturdy and strong. They have the
patience to wait for years before moving in after their prey,
and they can endure what would kill any othershapechanger.
Unfortunately they are torn. Some serve the Weaver, some
the Wyld and some the Wyrm. They have divided them-

*

|


selves, and they are killing themselves. Pity the Anangsi.
They know not what they do. They domake beautiful webs,
but sometimes they are too complex.

The Lost Ones

Once, long ago, there were other skinchangers. They
flew high in the air and hunted on the land. They lived in
trees and in caves, and they each served Earth Mother as
they were told to by their creators. The Garou killed them
in the War of Rage. I will speak of them no more.

The Others

Vampires

The undead are strange creatures. They constantly force
themselves to new heights of manipulation inorder to avoid
becoming too bored with an existence they cannot tolerate. I
wonder if they're driven insane when they're drained of natural
life. They are amusing, however. They're easily enraged and
even easier to manipulate. They thrive on their cloak-and-
dagger existence, up to the point that they will allow anyone
whounderstands their rules to play their games with them. Heh.

Mages

Ihave never known a weirder group of people, human or
. In comparison to them, the other supernaturals
all seem rational. They all believe that if everyone would

otherwis

agree with them, all would be well in the world. Perhaps the
problem is that they do not wish to agree with anyone else.
Mages are like the religious: Each is certain that his way is
better than anyone else's. Each refuses to see the merits of
what his companions want, or the flaws of what he desires.
It's lucky that notall of the humans have become mages, for
if they had, the whole world would truly be insane.

Ghosts

The dead are almost as strange as the mages. All of them
struggle to hold onto the remains of their lives, unwilling to
surrender their fates to anyone other than themselves. It's
asad thing, theirneed to hold onto the past. The peace they
want waits for them if only they would understand that they
can move on to the next life. They're afraid of what they do
not understand. They can't embrace the mysteries that
could be answered if only they would take the necessary
steps. Also, they're crazy. They talk to themselves, and then
they answer themselves back.

Changelings

There are actually creatures in this world almost as wise

as we are. The changelings refuse to anchor themselves in
the mundane world, and strive to retain their grasp on their
dreams. When one passes from this stage in their lives, it's

always a sad thing. Unfortunately, they are still too human.

They squabble among themselves with the same ferocity as
do the Garou. But it's a beautiful thing when they laugh...

Chapter Three: The World From Coyote's Eyes 45

|


|

Max: Spontaneous combustion! What a stroke of luck!
— Steve Purcell, "Sam & Max: Monkeys Violating the

Heavenly Temple"

What it is to be

Muwisha

The werecoyotes break a lot of rules simply by being
what they are. Unlike other shapeshifters, the Nuwisha
take no special damage from silver. They also have no Rage,
and can occasionally be at a disadvantage as a result.
Certain Nuwisha Gifts can mimic Rage, or even allow a
Nuwisha to use Rage, but in doing so the werecoyote
usually has to endure the same weakness to silver that other
skinchangers possess.

The Nuwisha's promiscuous nature often leads them to
breed with the Kinfolk of other werecreatures, or even with
other members of the Changing Breeds. However, there are
no "half-breeds" created when the Nuwisha mate with
others, just as there are no metis for the Nuwisha. There has
enever been, nor should there ever be, a Nuwisha-Rokea

half-breed. The race of the mother determines the race of
the child when other skinchangers mate with the
werecoyotes, assuming that the child breeds true. Other-
wise, the pup is Kinfolk to both skinshifters.

Humor Renown

Where Garou believe honor to be a special mark of
achievement, the Nuwisha feel that honor is inherent.
Humor is far more significant to their way of thinking.
Humor isn't merely a measure of how many laughs a
Nuwisha can garner from a single joke or prank, however.
It reflects the Nuwisha's ability to laugh at himself and the
situations he finds himself in. Humor also measures the
Nuwisha's originality in pranking an enemy or tricking a
friend. Novelty and ingenuity are important to the
werecoyotes, and to the Trickster in any of his incarna-
tions. A creative way of handling a situation is often

Appendix One: Toys and Tricks 47

—— — re ca


rewarded. A lazy or trite solution may just as easily be
punished.

Humor also helps the Nuwisha interact with each other
when the time comes for the Festival. One of the main
activities at the Festival is telling tales — the taller, the
better. When all are finished recounting their stories of
what they have done in the past year, the elders judge
whether or not each individual has grown enough to
deserve the special reward of new and interesting ways to
investigate the world and prank foes. Nuwisha who have
earned enough Renown are rewarded with new Gifts dur-
ing this time. The more a Nuwisha can make her brethren
laugh and enjoy themselves, the better her chances of being
granted greater Renown. There are exceptions, though;
from time to time Coyote simply decides to send spirits to
teach the Nuwisha, just as when a werecoyote decides to

change totems.

Humor Renown awards are generally left to the Story-
teller to assign. These are not frivolously gained; a Nuwisha
shouldn't earn Renown for punning throughout a story or
playing gratuitous practical jokes on her packmates. Hu-
mor Renown comes only when the Nuwisha uses humor to
instruct or in other truly constructive ways. The best
measure is whether or not the prank (or other deed) would
merit retelling. If "you just had to be there," it probably
wasn't that noteworthy.

a

The Merits and Flaws presented here are Nuwisha-
specific; Garou must make do with their own (in The
Werewolf Players Guide). In particular, Garou may not
purchase Umbral Affinity.

Large: (1 point Merit)

A Nuwisha with this Merit is substantially larger than
most of her breed, and is easily mistaken for a Garou when
in Manabozho form. This size increase gives no physical
bonuses, but adds one die to all Social Dice Pools when
dealing with Garou.

Umbral Affinity: (2-3 point Merit)

Nuwisha with this Merit have astrong connection to the
Umbra. All difficulties for passing through the Gauntlet
are reduced by two, to a minimum of 3. With the 3-point
Merit, the Nuwisha does not need to stare into a reflection
of any sort in order to enter the Umbra.

Favored by Coyote: (6 point Merit)

Those who are favored by Coyote are granted special
status in the Trickster's eyes. They need not expend Gnosis
onany Gift that is directly used to performa trick. This does
nogmean that the gharacter never spends Gnosis, only that

48 Nuwisha

\ wl


:

when pulling a fast one on an opponenteshe does not reed
to consider the Gnosis cost. This Merit is very rare and
potentially easy to abuse. The Storyteller has final say as to
whether or not a player must expend Gnosis on any Gift at
any given time.

Bad Moon: (2 point Flaw)

Sometimes Luna gets revenge for what Coyote did to
her. Nuwisha who are born under a bad moon have natural
dispositions similar to the Garou. A Nuwisha born under
this sign has the same outlook on life as the werewolf under
the same sign, but gets none of the Garou advantages. For
example, a werecoyote born under the full moon has an
Ahroun temper, but cannot Rage. This Flaw cannot be
taken for New Moon Nuwisha, as all Nuwisha act out the
tole of Ragabash anyway.

Overly Curious: (3 point Flaw)

Overly curious Nuwisha are fairly common. If there's a
door halfway open, a werecoyote feels obligated to see
what's on the other side. If there's a spooky noise coming
from a cave that stinks of the Wyrm, she simply has to
check it out. Nuwisha can't leave a mystery unsolved.
Werecoyotes with this Flaw cannot resist temptation with-
out a Willpower roll, difficulty 9.

Harano: (4 point Flaw)

Nuwisha do not normally suffer from Harano, but a
werecoyote with this Flaw is as susceptible to the killing
depression asa Garou. This is never a good thing fora Nuwisha.

Gifts

Nuwisha start with the same number of Gifts as do
Garou. They may choose one Ragabash Gift, one Breed
Gift and one Nuwisha Gift. Breed Gifts are either homid
(as Garou) or latrani (who use lupus Gifts). The Gifts
chosen for the character should reflect the totem she
follows, and can change when the Nuwisha picks a new
Trickster totem to follow.

Gifts of the Umbral Danse are marked in parentheses.
These Gifts may be learned only after a Nuwisha has
performed the Rite of Dansingas described in The Werewolf
Players Guide.

© Snake's Skin (Level One) — With this Gift, a
Nuwishacan sheda layer of skin, instantly regenerating the
lost flesh, in order to slip free of extremely tight bonds and
even handcuffs. This Gift may help a‘werecoyote avoid
being thrown by an opponent. This Gift is taught by a
Snake-spirit. :

System: The player spends one Gnosis point and rolls
Dexterity + Athletics in order for the character to remove
the outer layer of flesh and allow her to slip free from any
bonds. An additional Dexterity + Athletics roll is required
sto slip free of extremely complicated traps.

Players Guide Errata

The Werewolf Players Guide contains certain mis-
takes concerning the werecoyotes. (But what do you
expect with tricksters like these?) The following clarifica-
tionsshould be used in any chronicle involving Nuwisha.

© Teasing Mate, the Level Five Nuwisha Gift, causesall
creatures of the same raceandsame gender (not opposite
gender) to desire copulation with the target immediately.

© Rite of Dansing, the Level Two Rite for joining
with the Umbral Dansers, only works for followers of
the Ptah totem. After being accepted into the Umbral
Dansers, the Nuwisha may follow whichever aspect of
Trickster he desires. All Nuwisha in the Umbra follow
Ptah. Ptah is effectively a tribal totem to the Nuwisha
in the Umbra, much as Fenris is a tribal totem for the
Get of Fenris. The Nuwisha must follow his ban in
order to learn the Umbral Danse, but they may follow
other aspects of Trickster as well.

© The Level Five rite: Sing Back the Dead is
incorrect. The player must spend one permanent Gnosis
per person raised by this rite, plus one permanent
Gnosis for each level of damage a target suffered
beyond the killing blow. For example: Old Man
Manyskins must raise two werecreatures because Coy-
ote demands it. Two permanent Gnosis points are
spent automatically. However, one of the skinchangers
took three levels of injury beyond what was needed to
kill her. In order to resurrect both werecreatures, five
permanent Gnosis must be spent.

© Song of Kokopelli (Level One) — This Gift allows
the Nuwisha to ensure that éVeryone within hearing range
of the Song remains calm andisedate. This Gift may cancel
the frenzy of an opponent, but only for as long as the
Nuwisha continues to sing. This Gift is taught by a Gaffling
in service to Coyote.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Performance,
with a varying difficulty dependingjon the situation. Each
individual may attempt to'fesist this effect with a Will-
power roll, difficulty 6. The difficulty to resist the song's
effects is increased by one for évety success the player has
in his initial roll. The Nuwisha's "singing" may be vocal, or
any musical instrument, from pipes to drums. The Gift lasts
as long as the Nuwisha's song.

© Swollen Tongue (Level One) — The Nuwisha uses this
Gift on a target to stop that target from speaking. As soon as
the Gift is in effect, the target's tongue swells, preventing any
form of speech. Howls and sounds coming from the target are
muffled at best. This Gift is taught by a Spider-spirit.

System: The Nuwisha must touch her target, while the
player makes a Gnosis roll (difficulty of the victim's Will-
power). With three or more successes, the target cannot
even use sign language, as her hands begin to tremble
uncontrollably. This Gift lasts for one scene.

Appendix One: Toys and Tricks 49

i a a a


Remar eR PRAM es 5 RN pret

* Xochipilli's Touch (Level One) — The Nuwisha
using Xochipilli's Touch brings luck to herself or toa target.
Usually the luck is short-term, but whether that luck is
good or bad is entirely in the hands of the Nuwisha. If the
luck is good, a person might discover that her cancer was
misdiagnosed and is actually only a thumbprint on the x-
ray, or she might win the lottery. If the luck is bad, a tire
might explode during a high-speed chase, or the person
might get audited by the IRS. The Nuwisha has no control
over how the luck will manifest, only whether the luck will
be good or bad. This Gift is normally instantaneous, but can
take several hours to manifest, at the Nuwisha's discretion.
This Gift is taught by an Epiphling of Luck or a Gaffling in
service to Xochipilli.

System: The player rolls Wits + Enigmas, difficulty 7.
The Storyteller has complete control over how Xochipilli's
Luck manifests itself, but the player may increase the luck
to levels that seem almost miraculous by spending a Gnosis
point.

© Camouflage (Level Two) — As the Wendigo Gift.

© Dance of Dionysis (Level Two) — The target of this
Gift becomes uncoordinated and extremely dizzy. His vi-
sion blurs, his ears ring, and bystanders may think he is
drunk. Speech is unaffected and reasoning is possible, but
all physical difficulties are increased by three. This Gift is
taught by a Coyote-spirit.

System: The Nuwisha must touch her target, while the
player spends one Gnosis and one Willpower point. This
Gift lasts for one turn.

* New Face (Level Two) — The Nuwisha can com-
pletely change her identity. She may be male or female, any
race or any breed. However, this Gift only changes the
Homid and Latrani form of the character, and does not hide
her true nature; she will still be recognizably Nuwisha if she
changes shape. This Gift is taught by a spirit of Kishijoten.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Expression,
difficulty 6, and must expend one Gnosis point. This effect
lasts for one scene.

© Twisting Tongues (Level Two) — The Nuwisha may
understand any written or spoken language while using this
Gift. Even sign language and facial expressions offer no
trouble. While under the influence of this Gift, the Nuwisha
can speak with spirits, Banes and even computers (which
hardly makes for interesting conversation, but can prove
worthwhile). This Gift is taught by a Trickster-spirit.

System: The player rolls Wits + Expression, difficulty 7.
For every success, the character can fully comprehend the
language — complete with all slang terms — for one full
day. The character must employ this Gift separately for
each language she wishes to comprehend.

© Umbral Map (Level Two) — The Nuwisha using this
Gift can locate any part of the Umbra, and in some cases
can even locate an individual entity in the Umbra. This
Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

50 Nuwisha

A a

System: The player makes a Gnosis roll, with a varying

difficulty. If the character has never before been to the*

target part of the Umbra, the difficulty is 7. If the character
has traveled the area before, the difficulty is 6. If the
character frequents the area, the difficulty is only 5. With
one success, the character can pinpoint where in the
Umbra he is. With two, he can determine how best to
approach any area or Realm in the Umbra. With three
successes, the character can get a feel for where a target is
within the Umbra. With five or more successes, the char-
acter can pinpoint a target's exact location within the
Umbra.

© Dance of Abandon (Level Three) — The Nuwisha
can compel an opponent to forget everything but the need
to celebrate. Where anger and hatred dwelled a moment
earlier, suddenly the target of this power is filled with joy
and a need to express that joy. This is used for defensive
purposes primarily, as the Gift is too powerful to allow
anything but celebration. There are some cases, however,
where this Gift can backfire on the Nuwisha. Certain
Garou, such as the Get of Fenris, tend to celebrate very
violently. This Gift is taught by a Gaffling in service to
Loki.

System: The player makes a Willpower roll against a
difficulty equal to the opponent's Willpower. Two or more
successes are necessary to activate this Gift. Dance of
Abandon may only be used against one opponent at a time.

* Gift of Laughter (Level Three) — The Nuwisha may
end a frenzy with this Gift, or may simply use it to lighten
the mood in tense situations. This Gift may also be used to
end the pain of someone who is mortally injured, allowing
him to use the last few moments of life in full control of his
faculties. This Gift is taught by a spirit of Kishijoten.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Expression against
a difficulty matching the target's Willpower. At least one
success is required to use this Gift, and at least three
successes are needed to end a frenzy.

© Gift of Rage (Level Three) — The Nuwisha with this
Gift can Rage. While this Gift is in effect, the Nuwisha is
capable of taking the extra actions that any other Changing
Breed takes for granted. The Nuwisha also loses her immu-
nity to silver while this Gift is in action, as Coyote does not
want his children to be comfortable with the notion of
hatred. Gift of Rage is taught by a spirit of Loki.

System: The player makes a Gnosis roll (difficulty 7)
and expends one Willpower to gain five Rage points for the
duration of the scene. The character may never exceed five
Rage. As long as the Nuwisha has any Rage left, she takes
aggravated damage from silver.

* Push (Level Three, Umbral Danse) — The Nuwisha
can force another being into the Umbra with this Gift. This
is taught by a Coyote-spirit.

System: The player must make a Gnosis roll (difficulty
of the target's Willpower) and expend one Gnosis point.
The target of this Gift appears in the Penumbra.

~~ *


¢ Scent of Vengeance (Level Three) — Nuwisha using

e the scent

this Gift can make another shapechanger recogr
of an old foe. Usually this scent emanates from somewhere in
the distance, but the Nuwisha can also place the scent on
another target, creating all sorts of havoc between innocent
strangers or even close friends. When used in the latter
fashion, this Gift completely masks the natural odor of the

target. This Gift is taught by a Skunk-spirit
System: The player rolls Wits + Subterfuge, difficulty 5,

when producing the scent of an old foe. If the character

decides to use this Gift on a target, he must successfully
touch the person and spend one Gnosis point in addition to
making a Wits + Subterfuge roll at a difficulty of 7.

* Shadow Walk (Level Three) — The Nuwisha em-
ploying this Gift may visit any aspect of the Umbra, even
those normally forbidden to the Changing Breeds. This
includes the Dark Umbra of the dead (which most Nuwisha
avoid as both too depressing and too dangerous) and many
Horizon Realms of the magi. This Gift is taught by a
Gaffling of the Trickster.

System: The pla
difficulty 7. Of course, the Nuwisha must still know where
to go

© Disappearing Act (Level Four) — The Nuwisha
using this Gift s

er must make a successful Gnosis roll,

mingly disappears from sight. Enemies

looking for the werecoyote can touch the Nuwisha or even

run into him, and never notice that he is there. All senses
are affected, and even other Gifts or supernatural powers
used for detection (Auspex and so on) cannot locate the
Nuwisha as long as he remembers not to move. This Gift is
normally used to avoid being killed by large mobs of
enemies who desperately want the Nuwisha dead. This Gift
is taught by a Cat-spirit.

System: The player expends one Willpower and one
Gnosis point. The

Sift lasts for as long as the character does
not willingly move. The Gift stays in effect even if the
character is knocked over, but the character cannot get
back up without dispelling the Gift's effects

© Heave-Ho (Level Four) — The Nuwisha using this
Gift can throw an opponent incredible distances. The
Nuwisha must still be able to lift her target, either by sheer
strength or in combination with a combat maneuver. S

werecoyotes claim they have thrown opponents for s
city blocks. They were not exaggerating. This Gift is taught
by an Ancestor-spirit.

System: The player must roll Dexterity + Athletics and
expend one Gnosis point. For each success, the character
triples the normal distance he is able to throw a target (10
feet per dot of Strength is the rule of thumb). This Gift is
cumulative based on the number of successes. For

ample,

a Nuwisha with a Strength 5 could normally throw a target
50 feet. But with one success, the Nuwisha could throw the

Appendix One: Toys and Tricks 51


(ena Ger Fo Cu GME 7c Oo ne

ee AA

target 150 feet, and with two successes could throw the
target 450 feet. With three successes the same character
could throw a target 1350 feet, and so on.

© Locked Door (Level Four, Umbral Danse) — The
Nuwisha can bar others from entering the Umbra with this
Gift. This powerful Gift is used only to prevent the Wyrm
from escaping, or to avoid capture. On rare occasions
Locked Door is employed to force Technocracy mages out
of the Umbra. This Gift is taught by a Weaver-spirit.

System: The player rolls Willpower against a difficulty
of 7 and spends three Gnosis points. This Gift lasts for one
scene per success rolled.

© Umbral Gateway (Level Five, Umbral Danse) —The
Nuwisha can open a portal into the Umbra. The Umbral
Gateway is a direct opening in the Gauntlet between the
worlds, and is open to anyone or anything the Nuwisha
chooses to take with him. This Gift is connected to the
Nuwisha, and no other creatures may use the opening without
the Nuwisha's consent. Any entity attempting to pass through
the portal must effectively have the Nuwisha's permission to
do so. This Gift is taught by a spirit of the Trickster.

System: The player rolls Wits + Occult, difficulty 8, and
expends four Gnosis points. The Umbral Gateway remains open
foras long as the Nuwisha desires, butno longer than one scene.

¢ Umbral Target (Level Five, Umbral Danse) — The
Nuwisha using this Gift literally throws a target into the
Umbraand into any location in the Umbra that she desires. A
Garou suffering from a strong Wyrm-taint could be thrown
into the Atrocity Realm, or into the silver waters of Erebus. A
Technocracy mage could end up in a Wyld Realm, or even
tossed through the gates of Malfeas. This Gift is commonly
used as a severe form of punishment, or to assist someone or
something in need of special help. Several Kithain have been
dropped at the Arcadia Gateway to prevent them from falling
completely away from their Dreaming aspects. This Gift is
taught by Coyote himself.

System: Ifthe target of this Giftisalready in the Umbra, the
player need only make a Gnosis roll, difficulty 5. If the target
is in the Gaia Realm, the Nuwisha must first grab the target,
and the player expends one Gnosis to force the opponent into
the Umbra. The effects of this Gift are instantaneous.

* Coyote's Howl (Level Six) — Just as Coyote is the
In time, he will erase all
duty. Coyote's Howl allows the

Creator, he is also the Destroye:
that exists, for that is
Nuwisha to summon a small portion of Coyote's destruc-
tive power and unleash that energy on a person or area.
When used, Coyote's Howl shakes all of nature and bends
it into an engine of annihilation. This power might come

asa tornado orasa tidal wave. It might be an earthquake or
lightning storm. Whatever the case, there is little that can
stand against the power of Coyote's Howl. This Gift is one
of the most powerful known to the Nuwisha, and is taught
by Coyote to those he finds worthy.

System: The player rolls Intelligence + Occult, diffi-
culty 5, and spends five Gnosis points. The resulting ener-


|

gies released will destroy anything in thgir path, with gare
exceptions at the Storyteller's discretion. This Gift is only
usable by the most powerful Nuwisha, and will not work if
the enemy faced is nota true threat to all that the Nuwisha
stand for.

Fetishes

Coyote's Fang

Level 3, Gnosis 4

Coyote has died many times, normally as a result of
trying to prove himself better at something than anyone
else. In the process, he lost several teeth, which he grew
back when he rose from the dead. Some of those canines
were used to create daggers called Coyote's Fangs. Coyote's
Fangs, in addition to inflicting Strength + 2 aggravated
damage, also allow the bearers to attack both in and out of
the Umbra simultaneously. No spirit is immune to the
power of a Fang, regardless of what Realm it is in. Coyote
isa selfish one, though; his Fangs only work in the hands of
a Nuwisha.

Powvder of Kishijoten

Level 3, Gnosis 4

This fine green powder, when mixed with blood and
consumed, automatically heals any wound that is not fatal.
Even aggravated wounds disappear without leaving a scar.
While the powder cannot heal a mortal wound, it can
significantly slow the loss of blood from the wound, and
even slow poisons before they can cause any more damage.
A bag typically contains enough powder for three uses.

Mirror of Ti Malice

Level 4, Gnosis 5

The Mirror of Ti Malice is a small flat disk of silver.
When employed by the Nuwisha, it causes all enemies of
the werecoyote, even the supernatural and other
skinchangers, to suffer from the effects of the Delirium as if
they were human. There is only one Mirror of Ti Malice in
existence, and it has not been seen by anyone but the
Nuwisha since the second War of Rage. Activating the
Mirror of Ti Malice costs one Gnosis and requires a success-
ful Gnosis roll (difficulty 6).

Pipes of Kokopelli

Level 4, Gnosis 6

These simple wooden flutes are rare, but very useful.
Legends say that Kokopelli used a great set of these pipes
while leading many monsters from the Pure Lands. Only
the werecoyotes may use these remaining fragments of
Kokopelli' pipes. A Nuwisha using one of these pipes may
lead Banes and spirits into or out of the Umbra. The player
rolls Wits + Performance against a difficulty equal to the
Willpower of the Bane. The affected Banes may attempt to

seem eff Acrmmvererermmssrrnacu vans La

resist the piper's influence by rolling Willpower against a
difficulty equal to the total number of successes rolled by
the player.

Eye of Ptah

Level 5, Gnosis 7

The Eye of Ptah is a black crystal, roughly five inches in
diameter. A Nuwisha may hold this fetish to her eye and
expend one Gnosis in order to know the truth about
anything in the surrounding area. Any disguises turn in-
stantly transparent, and concealed weapons are partially
revealed. While the Eye of Ptah is capable of revealing the
truth, it doesn't always explain all the secrets behind that
truth. If a bomb is planted in a building, the Nuwisha
viewing the building with the Eye will immediately under-
stand that the building will explode, and what will cause it,
but not necessarily where the bomb is located. The Eye of
Ptah does not expose hidden items; it only lets the Nuwisha
know what the results of the hidden item will be.

The Faces of Crickster
— Cotems

Trickster's faces are all one and the same, and yet still
unique. Switching between totems is not a problem for the
Nuwisha, as Coyote taught them to live as he does. Any
incarnation of the Trickster is satisfactory, and in some
cases the Nuwisha follow more than one aspect of Coyote
at a time. All Umbral Dansers automatically follow Ptah,
and many also follow Kishijoten simultaneously, as their
sacred duty is to protect and heal the Umbra.

Any Nuwisha who follows multiple totems must honor
the bans of each, but only gains special traits from one. For
example, Loki Laughs-Too-Much follows both Ptah and
Loki; she gains the beneficial traits that Loki has to offer,
but must uphold the Bans of both totems or risk losing
Trickster's favor. A player may choose not to take a per-
sonal totem during character creation, but the Nuwisha
should eventually offer his loyalty to one of Coyote's faces.
Nuwisha with no personal totems are considered pitiable
by their race and may have difficulty learning Gifts.

Changing Gifts

When a Nuwisha chooses a new totem, the Storyteller
decides which Gifts are kept and which are taken away.
The person playing the Nuwisha may purchase new Gifts
with any experience he has not yet spent, but the Story-
teller must approve the decision. The Gifts pertaining to
the Umbra are taught only to followers of Ptah, but once
taught, they are almost never taken away. A Nuwisha
would have to violate her sacred duty as a guardian of the
Umbra before that would happen. Most likely, the other
Nuwisha would punish her severely before the Gifts of Ptah
were taken back.

Appendix One: Toys and Tricks a)

ae

ee

|


Ti Malice

Background Cost: 4
TiMalice isa delicate builder of manipulations. Machia-
vellian intrigue is her specialty. Many of the Nuwisha

follow her from time to time, especially when plotting
revenge.

Traits: Ti Malice adds two dice to Manipulation and
Enigmas Dice Pools.

Ban: Ti Malice demands that her followers show no
mercy to the weak, especially in business.

Loki

Background Cost: 7

Loki is a totem of war, but he is also the Trickster. He
believes that the best humiliations are those with body
counts. Loki is favored among many of the young Nuwisha

Traits: Loki grants his followers one additional Health

al Attribute, even

Level and an extra dot in any one Phys‘

if the additional level increases the Attribute over 5. Loki's
children can also use the special maneuvers from The
Werewolf Players Guide.

Ban: Loki demands that his followers always accept
formal challenges, even from the Wyrm. A Loki must offer
her kills to her totem as sacrifice.

Kishijoten

Background Cost: 4

Kishijoten is the nurturing aspect of the Trickster.
While tricks and pranks are still important, caring for the
wounded is a top priority

Traits: Kishijoten grants her children one extra Health
Level and + 2 to Medicine Dice Pools.

Ban: Kishijoten asks that her followers always stop to
help the injured, excluding the Wyrm's minions.

tah

Background Cost: 5 (not available during character
creation)

Ptah is the Opener of the Ways and the Creator of the
Universe. He is father to all that he surveys and parent to
even the most hideous of creations.

Traits: Ptah grants his followers the ability to travel the
Umbra with minimal difficulty. Ptah decreases the diffi-
culty for passing through the Gauntlet by three for all of his
followers (to a minimum of 3). Only Nuwisha who follow
Ptah are capable of learning the Umbral Danse. Nuwisha
may use the Gift: Sense Wyrm freely while in the Umbra,
and age at a fraction of their normal rate.

Ban: Ptahasks that his followers defend the stars from all
that would cause them harm.


Kokopelli an? Pan -

Background Cost: 4

Kokopelli is the Dancer and the Jester. Pan is the Dancer
and the Lover. The two are often considered one and the
same by the Nuwisha. Both are fond ofsensual pleasure, and
thrill in seduction.

Traits: Followers of Kokopelli or Pan gain a dot in
Stamina and + 2 Performance (for musical instruments
only). They may also use the special combat maneuvers
listed in The Werewolf Players Guide.

Ban: Kokopelli and Pan insist that the Nuwisha who
follow them never strike out in anger.

Chung Kuel

Background Cost: 6

Chung Kuel is the Breaker of Odds and the Giver of
Luck. Both good and bad fortune ride on the tails of Chung
Kuel's children.

Traits: Chung Kuel's followers can cast bad luck on
targets who deserve to suffer. When visiting a casino run by

corrupt mobsters, a Chung Kuel might cause all of the slot
machines to give away the largest prizes possible. The
werecoyote could also cause the electrical system to short
out in a plane that was supposed to be the villain's escape,
or cause a pistol to jam and misfire when an enemy is aiming
togun downan innocent hostage. This luck is powerful, but

only works in direct proportion to how Wyrm-corrupt an
opponent is.

Once per story (not necessarily at the player's request),
the Storyteller should roll a die. If she rolls a 1, nothing
happens. On a roll of 2-9, something minor happens to
inconvenience the target of a Chung Kuel's anger. A 10
means almost certain disaster for the enemy of the Nuwisha,
at the Storyteller's discretion. Storytellers shouldn't hand
victory to the player by use of this power, but it certainly
works well for granting a Nuwisha a well-deserved second
chance.

Followers of Chung Kuel also add two dice to all Stealth-
and Subterfuge-related rolls.

Ban: Chung Kuel asks that the abilities he grants be used
only against those who knowingly follow the Wyrm.

Xochipilli

Background Cost: 5

Xochipilli believes that the best way to live is to experi-

ence life in extremes. His followers are always taking insane

most even survive to tell the tale.

Xochipilli grants his children amazing luck.
Deeds that should kill one of his children often fail to do so.
Xochilpilli's followers receive + 3 to Survival, as a reflec-
tion of how easily they find what they need to live, even in
the bleakest areas.

Scene eran erence cr amy ese remsme arena

The followers of Xochipilli also gain five soak dice
whenever they are performing outrageous stunts that should
prove fatal. This special ability only works when the odds
are very much against the Nuwisha surviving an encounter.
Optionally, the Storyteller may simply state that the char-
acter survived being in the center of a refinery when it
exploded. This does not mean the character gets away
unscathed; a crippled Nuwisha is still very lucky to escape
an explosion of that size.

Ban: Xochipilli requests that his followers never turn
away from a dare, no matter what the odds of surviving.

Oghma

Background Cost: 8 (not available during character
creation)

Oghma is the Bard and the Judge. He chooses his
followers from the wisest of the Nuwisha. His followers
mete out the punishments they feel necessary in order to
keep their fellow Nuwisha humble.

Traits: Nuwisha chosen by Oghma can call upon five
Willpower points perstory. They may distribute four extra dots
among Physical Attributes during combat, and may distribute
five extra dots among their Mental Attributes duringa mental
challenge. These increases are granted only while teaching
another person humility. Oghma grants his children the
ability to know when a Nuwisha is in need of a lesson, and
ensures that his followers are never attacked by surprise.

Ban: Oghmaasks that his followers neverstrike out in anger.

Raven

Background Cost: 5

Raven sees all and understands more than any other
aspect of the Trickster. He solves riddles that others could
not hope to comprehend.

Coyote's Blessing

Coyote's Blessing is a unique Gift granted to one
Nuwisha in every generation. The Blessing takes the
form of a special power that Coyote perceives will be
most useful to the chosen Nuwisha. Once granted, the
Blessing can take any form. Every Blessing is different,
but all of them ensure that the bearer of the Blessing
can never be tempted by the Wyrm. In the past it has
allowed a Nuwisha to change shape instantly and
escape into the Umbra at will, regardless of the Gaunt-
let. The Blessing has allowed a Nuwisha to grow inde-
structible wings and see whatever she chose to see. The
Blessing has granted the ability to remove the Wyrm's
taint completely from an area or being with the slight-
est touch. In each case, the Blessing was granted only
to one being, and that being was told how that special
talent would be used.

No one who has been granted Coyote's Blessing has
ised the special favor of the Trickster. Coyote's
Blessing is a sacred trust and is never abused; Storytellers
should not, repeat, not grant this potent gift to player
characters, as this would quickly throw game balance and
impartiality right out the window into heavy traffic. The
Nuwisha of the current generation with Coyote's Blessing
hasn't identified herself yet, but such a potent trickster is
best left in the Storyteller's hands.

ever mi:

Traits: Raven grants Nuwisha two extra dots in Enigmas
and another dot in Subterfuge. Raven's children are also
well-received by the Corax.

Ban: Raven asks that his children never carry wealth;
they must trust in Raven to provide for them.

te *

56 Nuwisha

|

Allow me to introduce myself. lam Wile E. Coyote, Genius.
Tam not selling anything, nor am I working my way through

college. So, let's get down to cases

—Wile E. Coyote, Operation: Rabbit

There aren't many Nuwisha left on the Earth. Every time
awerecoyote comes of age and is initiated into the Trickster's
brood, another steps forever into the Umbra. Therefore,
most Nuwisha walking the Land today are young tricksters,
still coming into their own.

Ofcourse, these young ones are the hope and pride of all
those who have gone before. Whenever a new Nuwisha is
born, Coyote laughs to think of the deeds the young one
will eventually do.

The following youngsters are prime examples of the sort of
Nuwisha wandering the earth today. All Ragabash by nature
(if not by timing), they are the laughter of Gaia, those who
ys and test the resolve of Gaia's children.

question the wa
Although no Nuwisha willingly travels with another, they
maintain a loose friendship and respect that keeps the race
informed of the doings of the individual. Harm a Nuwisha,
especially a young one, and the rest of the werecoyotes will
surely know. Laugh with a Nuwisha, especially when the joke's
on you, and gain the conditional respect of them all.

Appendix Two: Coyote's Children 57


Gambler

Quote: I think you're bluffing.
Prelude: You were born in Las Vegas, and you still find everything about the cit
cinating. From the ocean of neon lights and glitter to the desperate hunger in the

fa

eyes of the gamblers, there's little you don't love about your home town — except

the suffering. You like to watch the gamblers, but you always hated their desperation.
The burning hunger to win sometimes made them crazy enough to hurt others.

When the First Change came upon you, you were taken away from
the city by your uncle. He taught you all you needed to know deep
in the desert, far from the neon lights and 24-hour fervor. He told
you about the totems of the Trickster, and introduced you to their
ways. Most importantly, he taught you about Chung Kuel and the
importance of luck. As a proud child of Las Vegas, you knew
what you would do with that knowledge.

Concept: Since you chose Chung Kuel, you have studied
the casinos and come up with a strategy for helping the truly
hungry and hindering the minions of the Wyrm who control
the city. You've won enough money for yourself to ensure
that you are comfortable, and you've helped many down-

and-out patrons of the casinos earn enough money to pay
their bills. Sometimes a little luck makes all the difference
in keeping the Wyrm's talons out ofa person's soul. You've
caused the casinos no end of grief, especially when you've

ys

targeted one of them asa source of trouble. You are alw:
cautious, but you are making a difference in the best way you
know, by tricking the wealthy and aiding the needy. You're
everybody's friend.

These days, you hang around the casinos, listening to the
clanging bells that say another person has won. You sometimes
lend an ear when someone needs to talk, and you like to give

advice. When no one in the casino is worthy of winning, you take

matters into your own hands and play the odds yourself, with a
little help from Chung Kuel.

Ofcourse, the sharper casino owners are beginning to notice that
their luck is always bad when you're around...

Roleplaying Hints: Look at everyone with an eye on whether to
them. You take s
dreams of petty people with large purs

help them or tric cial delight in dashing the

s. You are equally happy when
playing the odds yourself and beating them without help. Always
remember the most important rule of life: It's all a gamble. If there's
no risk, the game becomes boring. Always wear your poker face when
facing a worthy opponent, but never hesitate to grin ear-to-ear after
you've taken the last of your enemy's money.

Equipment: Large wad of money, expensive suit and a solid knowl-
edge of the best escape routes.

58


Player:
Chronicle:

Breed: 3.3
Totem: Chung Kel
Pants?: #200

Garou Pack:
Alias:
Concept: Gambler

Physical Social Mental
Strength, Charisma. @@000 Perception.
Dexterity. Manipulation. @00 Intelligence.
Stamina @@000 Appearance. @0000 Wits.
er SA Abilities ommend
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @e0e00 Animal Ken. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. @@000 Drive. e@0000 Enigmas, ry Y vere)
Brawl. Etiquette. @@000 Investigation, @0000
Dodge Firearms. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. Leadership. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression. Melee. @@e@000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation, Performance. @0@000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge. Repair. 00000 Politics @0000
Streetwise. Stealth, 0000 Rituals, 00000
Subterfuge. Survival. 0000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gilts

Resources @ee00 Persuasion

00000 = Open Seal

00000 Xedhipillis Toudh

00000

00000

~eneme Renown

2
&

ge
qe
Ge
ime)
Oo
Lo
Oo
ime)

oe
oe
oe

a Oe

§ Doe Loe
Oo
Oo
ime)

qe
fe
Oe
qo
Oo
Oo
Lo
Ho
Do
Do

4 Cotem = A Health ame
Chung Kvel Revised oO
@eee02ee0000 Hurt igel
Injured eC
(4 Gnosis Wounded 2 O
ee7eeo00000n0 ary ee
OOOOO00000 eae: Fe
Willpower "4 Stult
TAKES NO AGGRAVATED
SESZO FOr 0 O2080 0 OF DAMAGE FROMSILVER
OOOOoOoOoOoOo00

aa aia adams


Prankster

Quote: Did you see the look on his face just before the train hit him? Beautiful! It was beautiful! Ha ha ha....

Prelude: You were always the class comedian. Whenever anyone gave you trouble, you retaliated by using your razor-
sharp tongue instead of your fists. This made you popular with most people, but not with the victims of your humor. When
you made the wrong comment about the captain of the football team, he took personal offense and decided it was payback
time. He had help from his friends; they owed you a few beatings, too. After they'd finished with you, you experienced your
First Change. The pain of changing was strong, but nothing compared to what you'd already been through. The wounds
you'd suffered healed themselves, and you fled the area, wondering how you would adjust to life as an eight-foot-tall
monster. You needn't have worried. Another of your kind was waiting nearby to explain everything to you.

Concept: Since that last brutal beating, you've gone to special lengths to make sure that you're prepared to fight anyone
who gives you trouble again. Between the karate classes and the training your mentor supplied, you're pretty sure you can
handle yourself if you really have to fight. But it's always more fun to return the slights against you in a way that everyone
can enjoy. Your biggest thrills come when you can teach your enemies a permanent lesson. Your greatest offense is not being
where you were a second ago; your greatest pleasure is the look on your enemy's face when he realizes that he's been set
up for a very big fall. It's not so much whether you win or lose. It's far more important to make certain that your enemy
falls before you in perfect humiliation, fully aware that you're the one responsible.

Roleplaying Hints: Always be prepared. Always smile for your enemies, and let your eyes tell them that they're headed
for a fall. Remember that your enemies have a flaw that you don't: They get angry. Anger weakens the mind even as it
sharpens the senses. You use this to your utmost advantage.

Laugh as your enemy falls to the prank. Sometimes he will live through the
joke, but that's okay. Laugh anyway, because you love the stupid
look on his face when he realizes he's left the cliff 10 feet
behind him. And his screams are music to you as he

plummets to the ground so far below.

Equipment: Tripwires, snares, marbles, oil, the ap-
propriate tools for severing brake lines, and the occa-
sional banana peel.

|

eo ~ + Nuwisns——

Name: Breed: 3 Garou Pack:

Player: Totem: %c
Chronicle: Pants?: Cer

Alias:
Concept: Prankst:

wrmeremannanl its Abfeibast gs: inne

Mental

@@000
@e0

— VA Abilities mace emcee ratiraar
Calents Skills Knowledges

Alertness, @@000 Animal Ken. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. @0000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. e@0000
Brawl @0000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. @0000
Dodge. @@000 Firearms. @e0e00 Law. e@@000
Empathy. 00000 Leadership. 00000 Linguistics, 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee. 0000 Medicine. @0000
Intimidation, 00000 Performance. 00000 Occult, 00000
Primal-Urge. 00000 Repair__________eeeoo Politics 00000
Streetwise. 0000 Stealth, @@000 Rituals, 00000

Subterfuge. @@000 Survival. @@000 Science.

Backgrounds Gifts

Comaels ee @00 Swell 0€ Mon

Gifts

00000

cneaiidiiitnnmnt buat

00000 Bir o€ The Milky Ee

00000 RabiaT Run

Physical Social
Strength. Charisma. @@000 Perception.
Dexterity. Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence.

00000
00000
Renown "4 Cotem A "Health ——A
duo a on og ~— ee =
atin] oay on nt oa] on nf mc] wn e@ee0000000 a ; s
000 oon. 0000 4 Gnosis Wounded 2 O
OOOOOOOOOO eee50a4a 00000 pease 2 >
Curing ooooooo0o0o0o ae
0,0,0,0,.00 9.9.00 : Incapacitated O
oe Willpower "4 Stuff ha
4 TAKES NO AGGRAVATED
he "+ Rank Oe Oe Oe SO. "DAMAGE FROMSIINER

OOOOOOOOO00
i saan

aaa


Ceacher

Quote: I told you before that you'd only hurt yourself if you did that. Did you think I was joking? Look at yourself, you're amess.
Would you like some help?

Prelude: You ran in the desert in your youth, hunting for something to eat and avoiding the hunters' guns. You always
watched what happened to others before trying something new. Best to know what you faced and how it might hurt you.
When your First Change came, you weren't surprised, for you had known you were different from other coyotes since the
day you were born; the new coyote in the area told you so. Now your training is finished, and you know that you must teach
others to see and understand their own mistakes before they end up killing themselves.

Concept: You are a teacher, and the world is your classroom. You thrive on showing others the errors of their ways, and
you delight in making the farmers see that you are not after their sheep merely because you came near their farms. It isn't
easy to teach some people, and you often have to repeat the lessons several times before they catch on.

There are many lessons that need teaching, too, and you are never short of pupils — willing or unwilling. Lately you've
taken to going closer to the cities, for the people there are in desperate need of lessons. There are some Garou, for example,
who are so busy arguing among themselves that they have not noticed the Wyrm hovering over their collective shoulder...

Roleplaying Hints: Smile, because the world around you still has beauty. Smile, because the people around you can still
learn to appreciate that beauty before it's too late. Smile, because some students need a few more lessons than others, and
they are normally the ones you've been wanting to teach the most. Smile, because sometimes the lessons are painful for

the foolish.
Equipment: Human clothes, a small selection of weapons, patience.


ye Nuwisna—<

Name: Breed: Late
Player: Totem: Raven
Chronicle: Pants?: Vigreqyeatly

err LA Attributes mame Coatmar

Garou Pack:
Alias:
Concept: Texler

Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000 Charisma. @@000 Perception. e000
Dexterity. @@0@00 Manipulation. @@000 Intelligence. e0000
Stamina @0e000 © Appearance. @@000 Wits @@000
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @@000 Animal Ken. @0000 Computer. 00000
Athletics, e000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. ee00
Brawl. @@000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation, @@000
Dodge. @@000 Firearms, 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. @@000 Leadership @@000 Linguistics, @0000
Expression, @0000 Melee. 00000 Medicine. @@000
Intimidation, 00000 Performance. 00000 Occult, e0ee00
Primal-Urge. 00000 Repair. 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, 0000 Rituals @e000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival. e000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
RT Like @0000 ee
00000 g_Watec
00000 Say 0€ Kakopell
00000
00000
Renown 4 Cotem "/ Health 4
Ferocity paper Bruised 3)
GCOdOAOC0000 H (a)
OOOOOOUOUOOUU @e@e@aeeeo00000 Injured F a
Humor lt ee, é
0000000000 7 Gnosis ai 2 =
OOOUUOUUUODOO eeaeua0anvn0000 a 2 =
- ri i
Curing Ooooo0o00000 ee
Aaéaaaasseoca ,
Willpower "4 Stuff
OOOOOOOOoOO

-

—————

ey


Scrapper

Quote: That was supposed to be an attack? Come on, get
off your ass and try it again!

Prelude: You never liked to play
things on the safe side. You've al-
ways loved a challenge. When
you were only a pup, you were ¢
constantly challenging your
packmates to fights and almost
always losing. Then you wised up. You
stopped forgetting that you were the runt of
the litter, and started taking advantage of
your smaller size. In no time at all, you figured
out the best ways to beat your siblings in
playful combat.

When you changed the first time, you were
frightened for a while. Then you decided to learn
how best to use the change to your advantage. By
the time your teacher showed up, you were
already getting very good at shifting from one
shape to another. Your first real fight came when
the lessons were overand youencountered a Garou.

He was larger than you and very angry. He decided
you'd be the perfect target for his aggressions, and
continued to think that way until the third time you'd
knocked him unconscious. Thereare advantagestobeing *
shorter than your enemy, if you know how to use them.
Concept: It's the chase, not the kill. You've never ~
been very large, but asa result of your training and your
natural instincts, you've learned to take advantage of
your stature and that of your enemies. You don't need
tokillan opponent to know you have bested him. He
need not die to understand the same thing. These
days you tend to spend your time finding bullies
who need to be brought down a peg or two. You
especially enjoy making them attack you first.

Roleplaying Hints: Smile. Always smile.
Let your opponent know when you feel he's
struck well, and chide him gently when you
feel he has made a mistake. You are a teacher,
it's your job to make your enemy understand that
he's not the most powerful warrior around, and it's
your duty to remind him that the Wyrm is never
far away. Smile, and remember that anger leads "
to mistakes. You aren't here to prove something to
yourself — you're here to make the others under-
stand that bloodshed is only necessary some-
times, not all the time. /

Equipment: Klaive, bo stick, ax, garrote, | (_
boxing gloves, silver-plated brass knuckles— [
the usual assortment of weapons that might be
needed to make your point understood. A first-
aid kit and extra bandages for the occasional
wounded ego.

64


ye ——— Nuwisna rmecatd ~ Se

}

VA

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Breed: Lato
Totem: Loki

Pants?: CAM) THE PATS

Garou Pack:
Alias:
Concept: Scroppeg

wr LAE Attributes ane Lonaonar

hailed Social
Strength, Charisma. @0e0e00
Dexterity. Manipulation. @0000
Stamina_____—— ee eeo aS Pee @@000

Mental
Perception.
Intelligence
Wits,

__________ @@@00

Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @e0@00 Animal — @@000 Computer. 00000
Athletics, Drive. 00000 Enigmas 00000
Brawl. Etiquette, 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge ecceo — Firearms 00000 ~—— Law___________eeooo
Empathy. 00000 Leadership. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression, 00000 Melee. 0000 Medicine. eee00
Intimidation, 00000 Performance. 00000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge. 00000 Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Stealth, @0@000 Rituals 00000
Subterfuge__g 9900 Survival. @e000 Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts

00000 Langaree

00000

00000

00000

00000

Renown mode
Feroaity

qe
qe
fe
fo
§ Oo
Oo
Le
|e)
Te

qe
Ge
Te
qo

§ DoF Oe
Oo Oo
Oo
Oo
mie)
Oo

ge
Ge
fo
qo
Oo
Oo
mie)
Oo

s
ae
:

|

he

4 Cotem ~" Health
es Bruised Oo
eeeeeee00n Hurt al
Injured 4°
4 Gnosis Wounded 2 O
eeeeeee0nn ere pee
OOOOOOOOO00 oie
Willpower "4 Stull —
TAKES NO AGGRAVTED
eeoeeeeee0n
DAMAGE FROM SILVER
OOOOOOOO00

ae aay Lf 4


Coyote's deeds are many, and his errors are just as
numerous. He's died again and again, always coming back

because his time in the world is not done. Now the same is
true of his deeds in the Umbra. Those wholbest exemplify
Coyote's nature are few and far betwe¢n, their numbers
lessened by the fact that most of the Nuwishado notlive ont
this world any longer. But the Nuwisha enjoy telling'and
retelling the tales of their greatest and most eunning, and
draw almost endless inspitation frém.them. After all, one
never knows when one might becomesthe next favored
child of Coyote — best to live life as vibrantly as the
Trickster demands, and let come(what may-

Old Man Manyskins

Old Man Manyskins is one of Goyote's favorite children.
In his youth, he was as impetiiowts as Coyote, and in his
adulthood he studied long toginderstand the wisdom of the
Trickster. The werecoyotgfearned higafeime as Coyote's
Laughter, gleefully directifg the enefoaching Europeans to
places that were almost certainly théir doom. At the same

time, he chose the occasional worthy settler family and
aided them in finding places that were safe and comfort-
able. His escapades throughout the Wild West earned him
a place in Nuwisha history and Coyote's favor. From then

2 oe ra AR SSA OL SF a rem,

66 Nuwisha

2 — ay

Being a genius certainly has its advantages...
—Wile E. Coyote, Operation: Rabbit

on, he was known as Laughing Manyskins. Coyote's Bless-
ing to Manyskins was the ability to wear a false skin that
completely hid his true nature, allowing him to infiltrate
any camp and learn the secrets of his friends and foes alike.
His tricks were numerous, and his pranks caused disasters
forphisyehemies everywhere.

Laughing Manyskins was allegedly responsible for Custer's
defeat at the Little Bighorn. His deliberate misinformation,
some say, led the Son of the Morningstar to his death.
When asked why thisshappened, Manyskins' reply was
simply, "It was his time."

Some Nuwisha and Garou alike claim that Manyskins
should have been of more aid in the times of the Europeans'
@reatwestward move, but Manyskins had other things to
do, anddther places to see. Tales of his antics are told by the
Garou, the:Mokolé, the Ratkin, the Nagah, the Ananasi,
ven the Rokéa.and all of the tribes of the Bastet. He has
Seefmore Of the world than any other living shapechanger,
and s6me say he has come back from the dead.

For several years Manyskifisewasn't seen by Nuwisha or
human. Wherehe went remainsasecret, and one that he refuses
toshare. Some claiita that he was held in Malfeas, tortured every
day and every night for the answers to certain questions. If so,

he bears no scars to prove that he was ever there.
a .


Now Old Man Manyskins walks where he will, with
little concern for the opinions of those around him. In
times of great need, he shows himself. Sometimes he aids
those in trouble, and sometimes he ignores the situation
with Coyote's

entirely. Many say Old Man Manyskins spe
tongue, and that may well be true. He certainly acts as crazy
as Coyote ever did. There are few mysteries in the world
that Old Man Manyskins cannot provide answers for, and
he'll likely solve those that remain before his time is done.

Weeps-With-Joy

Weeps-With-Joy was the first Nuwisha ever to travel to
other lands. In his youth he walked as a coyote, but later
decided he preferred the complexities of humans. His was
the first Nuwisha paw extended to the other shapeshifters
in friendship, and the first to taste the blood of the Wyrm.
In his time he walked with Loki as a warrior, felling many
enemies and crushing his foes beneath his heels. He was a
proud warrior and a foolish Nuwisha.

Weeps-With-Joy was also the first to show Garou how to
walk among the stars. He trained his cousins too well, in the eyes
of many, for even now the Garou tread the Umbra with
impudence and wreak havoc where they should not be. For this
transgression, Weeps-With-Joy was banned from the stars by an
angry Coyote. His sorrow was deep, and for years he traveled the

lands of Earth Mother learning what he could of other cultures.
He made many friends and countless enemies, but never admit-
ted that the secrets he gave to the Béte were wrongly given.

When his last days came, Weeps-With-Joy walked
proudly back to his homeland, telling the Nuwisha and the
Pure Ones of the mysteries that waited beyond the Land.
Many scoffed, but a few heard his words and prepared
themselves for the time when the Europeans would come to
them. As Weeps-With-Joy prepared himself for death,
Coyote came to the old Nuwisha and asked if he felt
remorse for what he had done.

Weeps-With-Joy scoffed at this. "Great Trickster, I have
lived as you commanded. I have examined the world and
studied the stars. I have sought the answers to all questions,
and I have learned many of your greatest secrets. | have
worshipped you in all of your forms, and I have never
refused a chance to prank my enemies or trick my friends.
Thave no regrets. You stole the stars from me, which is your
right. Which of us has betrayed the other?"

Coyote stared at his child, a glint of humor in his eyes,
and granted one last favor to his dying son. He carried the
old Nuwisha into the stars on his back, and laid him to rest
in the heavens. The old hero still rests there to this day, if
you know how to look for him. As he left Earth Mother,
Weeps-With-Joy earned his final name. He laughed and
iled as the tears ran from his eyes and the life ran from his


Chung Kuel Star-Breake

When this werecoyote was young, hername was Trips-Her-
Foes. She lived in the times before the Europeans came to the
Land, andshe walked in many places. By her 17th year, she had
already been to China and Africa. She was competitive and
curious, which are always good things to be. She followed
Chung Kuel, forshe liked the idea of having herenemiessuffer
bad luck. She was so adeptat beating her enemies that she, like
Manyskins, was granted Coyote's Blessing. Trips-Her-Foes

vas granted the ability to fly like Raven and given eyesassharp
as an eagle's. She could see events a hundred miles away as if
they were within mere feet of her.

When she was very young, one ofthe Wyrm's great minions
awoke from its slumber and destroyed her village. Trips-Her-

Foes was gone when this happened, and so she survived. Her

family and her husband were among those destroyed before
Earth-Breaker left the area. When Trips-Her-Foes returned to
the village, all that remained was a great hole where the
Wyrmling once rested. She angrily followed Earth-Breaker
across the Land, seeking revenge for what it had done to her
people. When she found the beast, she tookon the Manabozho
form and began her battle. They fought for many days and
many nights. Earth-Breaker kept attacking and Trips-Her-
Foes kept avoiding its ponderous assaults, while making small
cuts that barely hurt the Bane at all.

When her patience wore thin, Trips-Her-Foes insulted
Earth-Breaker's heritage and escaped into the Umbra. The
great Bane was so angry that it gave chase, pursuing the
Nuwisha in a blind rage. At last the Earth-Breaker had
Trips-Her-Foes cornered where she could not escape, and
he lunged forward his mouth open to swallow her.

Trips-Her-Foes then moved, and tripped the Wyrmling,
sending it crashing into a star. The star exploded and was
destroyed, but it took Earth-Breaker with it. The Nuwisha
have ever after called her Chung Kuel Star-Breaker.

Coyote Laughs-At-Luna

Coyote Laughs-At-Luna was one of those granted Coyote's
Blessing. Hers was a special case, for she was granted the ability
to hear the Wyrm's thoughts and to speak with Coyote. She
could see what the Wyrm planned and could consult with the
Trickster as to how best to respond. Her leadership is what saved
the Nuwisha from the second War of Rage. Her will is what led
the Nuwisha to protect the stars. Through her, Coyote spoke to
hischildren, and dictated the rules which the Nuwishaall follow.

Coyote Laughs-At-Luna commanded that no more than
100 Nuwisha would walk on Earth Mother at any given time.
Through her, the Trickster taught the Nuwisha to seek wis-
dom and to teach all others the best ways to avoid the Wyrm
and to weaken Coyote's greatest foe. Her best trick saved the
Nuwishaall from their angry cousins, and her wisdom ensured
that the stars uncorrupted by the Wyrm remain that way.

a


, ad Nuwisus mini

Name: Breed: Garou Pack:
Player: Totem: Alias:
Chronicle: Pants?: Ses, hae swe} Concept: wo
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception. @0000
Dexterity. @0000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence. @0000
Stamina. @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits _- Seon o0
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, 00000 Animal Ken. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. 00000 Drive. 00000 Enigmas. 00000
Brawl, 00000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. 00000
Dodge____-____o00000 _‘ Firearms______oo000 Layee - = 9000
Empathy. 00000 Leadership, 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Expression. 00000 Melee. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance. 00000 Occult 00000
Primal-Urge. 00000 Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Streetwise______g9000 Stealth_______og9000 Rituals___o9900
Subterfuge__g90900 Survival_____ 99900 Science____g9900
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
00000
00000
00000
00000
Sse S| 00000
Renown "Toten "7 Health am
Ferodity i Bruised oO
QQQODDODA
aeataeaaas coooc00000 es : o
Humor Li tp pata a °
0000000000 4 Gnosis ea i=
DOOOUOOUOOOOO CoO000000000 oan 2 = L
: rip! 5
Cunning OOOOOOoOoOoo ;
AAeeeeeeae ae
"Willpower "4 Stuff
OOOOOOoOoOoOoO

yy

Namen

Homid Csitsu
Strengdlii 1).
No. Dextérity (#1)_—
Change Stamina (+2).
Manipulation (-1)__
Difficilty: 6 Difficulty: 7

a oF ee

00000
00000
00000
00000
00000
eS. 00000
——S——00000
= 00000
—__—. 00000
————_ | sO00000
—_—— 00000
SSS 400000
00000

wee Other Traits —Aom
ENC (5000)
— ae Se A OOOOO
= AIO OOCO
i ere (5 (00100,
gases a OOOOO
Ea (OKO KONOD

NN

\)

\

|

~Manabozho~ —-Sendeh —~Latranin
Strength (+2), Strength (+2) Dexterity (+3),
Dexterity (+3). Dexterity (+3), Stamina (+3)
Stamina (+3). SfAmina (+3) Manipulation (-3)__
Appearance 9 © Manipulation (-3)__
Manipulation\(-2)__
Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficulty,
INCITE.REDUCED MIMICRY
DELIRIUM ZH
aA Feti she srmecervenemm Lorain
Item: Dedicated Level _____ Gnosis
Power.
Item: Dedicated Level _____ Gnosis
Power.
Item: Dedicated Level____ Gnosis
Power.
Item: Dedicated Level ____ Gnosis
Power.
werner em fds Rites neeearen viene

were eae Lo Cob at wmnemenmmemrirnar

=

EE TE a aaa aT / _

Maneuver/Weapon | Roll | Difficulty] Damage | Range | Rate | Clip | | @rawling Chart

Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Strength + 1¢
Body Slam Dex+Brawl 7 Special
Claw Dex +Brawl 6 Strength + 2+
Grapple Dex +Brawl 6 Strength
Kick Dex +Brawl 7 St h+
Punch Dex + Brawl 6

+ These maneuvers do agerav: eri ge.

= ™

Armor:

NEE


—

<< Nuwisna ee

Nature: Demeanor: 3
Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus

women Expanded B. ackground ame Loratornar

Allies Mentor
Contacts Past Life
Kinfolk Resources
of 4, Possessions smamawebilrmsr At Experience wmmmvelrinsr
Gear (Carried) TOTAL:
Equipment (Owned)
Gained From:
Name TOTAL SPENT:
Caern Location. Spent On:
YY Level, Type.
Toten,
Leader

ET yy


Be ee
yaa Nuwisns

j reer A LBs History ee aw ee

Prelude

wore LE (Description omen oatrnar

Age
Hair

Eyes.

Race.
Nationality.
Sex

Height | Weight

Homid____|__ Battle Scars
Risitetigsccs +o '|
|

Manabozho

Sendeh
Latrani

Pack Chart Character Sketch

yy ss |
ee |


Laugh for, Coyote

Learn the secrets he williteach you

Kill the foesjhe will choose for you

Laugh, says Coyote
Sing to Luna,iho logs for the past
Dance for Earth Mother, who gives us so.much

Laugh, demands Coyote
Trick the sullen, who need happiness
Prank the foolish, who forget the ruth

Laugh, insists Coyote
Share your secrets with no one

Tell your tales to everyone

Laugh, commands Coyote
Teach themaive, who want to leam

Destroy the arrogant, who feel they kriow all

Laugh for Coyote
He is our father, our teacher, our friend

He is our master, our creator, our destroyer

Nuwisha includes:

¢ The history, culture and creation

myths of the devilishly
werecoyotes;

¢ Expanded information, Gifts, totems
and-more for Nuwisha paws only;
¢ Four sample Nuwisha, a gomit-book
tale of a legendary trickstery and more.

ISBN 1-56504-336-7

WW 3076 $12.00
§ I | 51200
rm

(WHtTe WOLF]
Game STUDIO fi; 95° 781565'043367"

PRINTED IN CANADA
