# File: Breedbook 6 - Mokole.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


J By Jim Comer

—

tie //,


AA
Sunrise: Dragons in our Midst
An introduction to the Dragon Breed ae .
Morning: Was Be
The tale of history as Gaia's Memory remembers it | -
Yoonday: Us : og

The four streams of Mokolé, and the tale of their society

ragon Waking =

Character creation, with Mokelé-specific Merits, Flaws and fetishes

| Afternoon: D

Evening: (Dragon's Eye

Dragon magic; the rites and Gifts of the werecrocodiles

Sunset: (Dragon Lore

Storytelling notes and

elaborations on Mokolé-speeific affairs

Night: Lizardskin

Roleplaying notes and

Gy
Le

Mokolé of interest

Contents

TS


Oy

These dragons grow exceeding big, and from their mouths

cast forth a most pestilential breath, like unto thick smoke rising
from a fire. At their destined time they gather together, and
developing wings they begin to raise themselves into the air. Then,
by God's good judgment, being too heavy they fall into a certain
river which springs from Paradise, and therein they perish wholly.
All those who dwell round about attend the season of the dragons,
and when they see that one has fallen they yet wait seventy days.
Then they go down and discover the bare bones of the dragon, that
they may take the carbuncle that is rooted in the forehead thereof.

— Jordanus, The Wonders of the East.

Coils.

They filled his mind's eye as glass crunched beneath his
Pumas. How much glass, how many nights, how many
cities? His head felt heavy as he shook it, heavy with horns
and crests, heavy with the Was. Sun reddened the glass and
steel of Sydney's skyscrapers as he paced along trying to
make up his mind. Should he take Jeffo and Morwangu's
offer? Would he still be Peter if he did?

He was full of time. Christmas dinner didn't compare
to the way it bloated him. There were days when the
mammalian heat of his own body felt wrong. He dreamed
of jungle swamps older than the Amazon. The fetish
cellphone he carried was silent now, its technospirit an-
gered. He saw tropical plants in corporate lobbies, and felt
a longing for the Sun.

Why, Mother? Why?

Dragon had called him, with Jeffo and Morwangu as His
agents, and done more to Peter than Nyi and Trees Dream
could hope to. Dragon had steered him to the airport, bags
packed for he knew not where, half dazed. In the Pacific night
he had shaken awake and realized that this was a flight to
Australia. On a street corer two Aboriginal musicians had
known his name, told him why he was here. They had said that
they had the answer, the way he should go, and had completed
the gift of their Amazon cousins. Now the bequest was more
than a flood of unwanted memories. It was the training manual
foranarmy of dreams, the scripture forachurch millions of years
old. It was the creed of his deadliest enemies.

Garou had fought Mokolé for ten thousand years. Since
before there were Glass Walkers, before there were even
tribes at all, packs had taught their cubs to fear and hate the
great reptiles. In the Wars of Rage, Garou had killed so many

Sunrise: Dragons in our Midst 13

[fC LE Ps ET LT


Mokolé that the Crescent Moons had finally declared the
crocodile-shapeshifters extinct.

That belief had betrayed them in the Amazon. Both the
Garou and their enemies had been ambushed, trapped,
destroyed without quarter by hidden foes mightier than
them by far. Only Peter's friends, the Ghost Raptors, had
managed to communicate with the Dragon Breed at all, and
then only imperfectly. Nyi Feathered-Thunder and her
grandson Trees Dream had saved them from the deadly
snow plague, filling Peter's head with memories, the ancient
Mnesis of the Mokolé. He had remembered things he never
could, that no one could. He was more than himself, more
than any Garou since the beginning of time.

He wasn't happy with it.

Peter turned another corner and saw them again.

"Took y' long enough, dinnit?" The younger Aborigine
took another swig of cane spirit and offered the bottle to
Peter, who shook his head. "Y'wanna hear more, then?"

"Yeah, Uh, yeah, I think I better."

Morwangu quickened the beat of the click sticks and
began to chant, not Lardil or Pitjantjara but an older language,
one Peter had heard half a world away. His words were
impossible to understand, then impossible to mistake, and
Peter's eyes blurred. I know what he's saying. [learnedit... Within.

Was and Is were one.

Where Are
All the Dragons?

Everyone knows that there are dragons. And, if you
think about it, you always knew. Remember? Lurking in the
comers of folklore and fairy tales; every creature in your
dinosaur books. Under your bed, under the pond, under the
surface of your mind? They were there.

You started to ask questions and the grownups told you
there weren't any such things. You didn't believe them and
looked for yourself. Looked into yourself for the coils and
scales. The dragons were real.

You were a dragon.

The Mokolé are shapeshifters: beings with three forms
who can change between them at will. One form is human.
One is reptilian: crocodile, alligator, perhaps monitor lizard.
The one in between is a beast out of time — dinosaur,
dragon, sea-serpent, or some other living fossil, an amalgam
of dreamed-of power. But the Mokolé are more than just
shapeshifters. They are the Memory of Gaia, the living
record of "all that's past," and they carry within them
millions of years of history. Memory is the ocean wherein
they swim and the wilderness they explore; they are living
treasures of wisdom and power. This book will help you
bring Mokolé into a role-playing game. It isa players' guide,
a book of rules, and a book about the Dragon Breed.

The Mokolé are immensely powerful creatures, but
they are more than just living battle tanks who rampage over

the bloody World of Darkness. Their true work is memory,
the Last Art, and they remember like no others. However,
the Wars of Rage have slain so many of them and so damaged
their "great work of time" that, according to them, Gaia is
now almost mindless. If the decay is not halted, the Memory
will be destroyed, and even saving Gaia will not be worth it.

The Dragon Breed

For I am a brother to dragons, and a companion to owls.

— Job 30:29

The Mokolé are the oldest of the Changing Breeds.
Paradoxically, they are at once the most unified and the most
divided. Unlike their old enemies, the Garou, who are one
wolf species worldwide, they are many species and many
genera: monitors, gavials, alligators, crocodiles and Gila
monsters. Their human forms are divided likewise among the
human peoples of the tropics. Each Mokolé lives by the
"moment of the sun" which marked the time of her birth in
the day or year. The absence of Sun at night means that some
Mokolé follow Luna instead; in all, they are the only Chang-
ing Breed to revere both Helios and Luna. Complicating
things further, the Mokolé are further divided into streams
(the four great regional alliances of their kind) and individual
clutches (local groups). Unifying forces, however, are stron-
ger. All Mokolé speak the Dragon's Tongue, and all share
Mnesis, memories inherited from ancestors which connect
them to the distant past when dinosaurs walked the Earth.

There are no "tribes" tocommand the loyalty of Mokolé.
Mokolé are neither pack creatures like the Garou, nor
solitary like the Bastet. Instead, they are united into clutches,
family-like groups of Mokolé and Kin. The clutches are
localized and preserve the Memory of a certain area. Wan-
derers pass between them to unite what remains of Gaia's
Memory. Clutches ally into streams, the four great "rivers
out of Eden" which are the Mokolé. The four streams are:

The Gumagan, the Stream of the Forerunners, are the
ancient Mokolé of Australia and Oceania. Now few in
number, they are more adept than others at entering the
Umbra and at deep Mnesis voyaging. They are Aborigines
and Melanesians in their Homid forms, and saltwater croco-
diles or perenty monitors in their Suchid forms.

The Makara, the Stream of the Folk, are the complex
patchwork of Mokolé lineage and clutches native to the
Indian subcontinent. They are skillful at negotiating the
turbulent waters of Indian politics, religion and mysticism,
and are Indian natives in their human forms. Their Suchid
forms are gavials, mugger crocodiles and saltwater croco-
diles. They use the motions of the Sun through the year, not
through the day, to distinguish their auspices.

The Mokolé-mbembe, the Stream of the Fighters, are
the largest and best known stream. They are the stream
famous for their deeds and sufferings in the Wars of Rage.
They are the Mokolé of Africa and the Americas, who are
Native Americans and Africans in their Homid forms, and
crocodiles, alligators, caimans, or even Gila monsters in

14 Mokolé

wae


their Suchid forms. Among them there have been many
heroes, and they are the greatest warriors among the Mokolé.

The Zhong Lung, the Stream of the Philosophers, are
the scholars and teachers of the Dragon Breed, the stream
least harmed by the ravages of the Garou. They are the
Mokolé of the Middle Kingdom, including China, Korea,
Japan, Vietnam and surrounding areas. They have great
learning and share it with the other shapeshifters of the East,
the hengeyokai. In their Homid forms, they are Asians of
various kinds, and in their Suchid forms, they are Chinese
alligators, saltwater crocodiles and monitor lizards. Like
their kin the Makara, they count their auspices by the
seasons of the year, not by the times of day.

But every stream has a spring, and all four streams of the
Mokolé remember their source in the Dinosaur Kings.
According to the most ancient of Mokolé lore, these reptil-
ian toolmakers walked Gaia's Face two hundred million
years ago, and were Her original guardians. Their living
cities and tools surpassed any work of human hands, and
their Memory served them in place of written record or
schooling. Among them the Mokolé of that age were schol-
ars, teachers, soldiers, workers, hunters and priests of Sun.
Their reign endured for over one hundred and fifty million
years, until a mysterious catastrophe called the Great Dying
or the WonderWork of the Wyrm laid them low. No
Mokolé who saw this disaster lived to speak of it, but in time,
surviving Kin produced more shapeshifters. The next sixty

million years were an Age of Sleep, from which the Mokolé
awakened when human beings evolved. In the Wars of Rage
the Garou savaged the Mokolé, and the memory of the
slaughter remains fresh today. The Mokolé are the Memory
of Gaia, and each one carries within him a myriad of
ancestral names and faces. This tumult of inner voices
makes it a wonder that the Mokolé ever get anything done
at all, but in fact they have a complex social order, one
traditional since the time of the Kings.

(Dragon Society

The past ain't dead. It ain't even past.
— William Faulkner

Mokolé are anything but tribal. Theirconcernsare at once
more global and more local. Their society, embracing both
Changers and Kin, is one of strict roles and close community.

Mokolé live among humans when they must, but prefer
the company of Kin and other weresaurians. They realize
this by grouping into wallows — homes for the human and
reptile shapes that they take. A wallow can be a traditional
village, an apartment building (hopefully with a pool!), a
remote jungle mudhole, or a high-tech alligator refuge with
tourist shows. Visitors can be admitted (or eaten), but the
wallow belongs to the clutch. Clutches can be rivals to one
another, competing for lands, mates and treasures through
courtship, games, ridicule and even dueling. But as the

Sunrise: Dragons in our Midst 15

[fA O PLE. Ps ET LT


Mokolé dwindle in number, their main concern is the
struggle for survival against the encroaching forces of the
human despoilers. The forces of a market economy are
cutting forests, damming streams, and scattering Kin to the
winds. Like their enemies, the Garou, the Mokolé see and
fear the death of Mother Gaia. This has moved Mokolé all
over the earth from thought to action.

A Mokolé's role in his society is determined by his sun
sign. The Rising Suns are hunters, explorers and soldiers.
The Noonday Suns are judges, lawmakers and executioners.
The Setting Suns protect and defend, while the Midnight
Suns are clowns, poets and doers of the impossible. The
Shrouded Suns perform the mysteries, while Mokolé born
beneath a haloed or Decorated Sun organize. Finally, the
rare Mokolé born under an eclipse are rulers and priests.

Mokolé are born either human or reptile, and live as
such, having no special powers, until adolescence. At matu-
rity, the ancestral memories of the Mokolé emerge, and the
young Mokolé falls into a trance. At that time, a new shape

is born: the battle-form, the dinosaur or dragon forms of the:
Kings. When the trance ends, a true Mokolé awakens. This .-

experience binds all Mokolé together and teaches them the
course of life upon Gaia's Face. New Mokolé emerging form

a "tripple" in the stream (like a human generation) and ote

identify with each other. ee

Memory is all-important. A clutch defines it fy
memories it holds and passes down, generation aft ge
tion. Each ripple knows them again for the first' ime.
Communion with the past is more than'a religious belief for
the Dragon Breed, Iris the air that they breathe.

How to Keep Dragons

"Before, I was like aman. I'm nothing now, all broken up.
So ['ll remain in the water, and everyone will be afraid of me."
He sang himself into a crocodile.

~~ "Becoming a Crocodile", Koori folktale, Daly River,
Australia

This book is for anyone who loves dinosaurs, tropical
rain forests, history and time. Its themes are evolution,
memory, and the return of the lost. It contains information
on how to flesh out Mokolé characters for your World of
Darkness chronicle, as well as all-new information about
roleplaying in the reign of the Kings. You'll need to have
Werewolf: The Apocalypse Second Edition, obviously,
but other World of Darkness books might help as well.

The book is laid out as follows:

¢ Sunrise: Dragons in our Midst — a summary of this
book, including a lexicon.

* Morning: Was — A short summary of the past of the
Mokolé, as Jeffo and Morwangu remember it.

¢ Noonday: Us — The four streams, as well as notes on
Mokolé society.

* Afternoon: Dragon Making — Rules for character
creation, including Archid-form characteristics and new
Merits and Flaws.

¢ Evening: Dragon's Eye —- Gifts and rites for the
Mokolé, including many new ones.

¢ Sunset: Dragon Lore — Ideas useful for Mokolé-
specific chronicles, such as clutch design, Mnesis questing
and the like.

* Night: Roleplaying —- An appendix of useful tidbits,
including templates, famous Mokolé, details on the Mokolé's
reptile Kin, dragon-specific antagonists and roleplaying
notes for chronicles set in the Was.

Mokolé Lexicon

Age of Sleep: The time between the WonderWork and
the beginning of mankind.

Ambalasokei: The neotropical biome; South America.

Archid: The, intermediary ("Crinos") form of the
Mokolé, resembling a dragon/dinosaur beast.

Callsinger: A :

Champsa: The Nile crocodi ama of Entoban, first
varna of Mokolé since the Age of Sleep.

Clutch: A group, especially a family group, of Mokolé.

Damned: Vampires.

Designer: The shaper of life, called the Weaver by Garou.

Devisor: The creative power, later called "Wyld" by
the Garou.

Dinosaur Kings: The Archiosauria, including dino-
saurs, pterosaurs, and crocodilians. Rulers of the earth for
over 150 million years.

Dissolver: The Unmaker, called Cahlash by Bastet and
Wyrm by Garou. Time after time, the Dissolver has cleared
the Mother's face of life so that the Devisor could make anew.

Drachid: The "lost" form of the Mokolé, the shape of
the Kings. No Mokolé hatched since the WonderWork has
been able to assume this reptilian toolmaker form.

Dragon Kings: Legendary progenitors, found in the
Umbra.

Dream Hunter: A monster inhabiting the depths of
Mnesis, a dream of terror come alive.

Egg-smasher: A deadly insult, ordescription of the Garou.

Entoban: The ark-continent, birthplace of human-
ity; Africa.

a re

Eshu: African fae, rarely Mokolé Kinfolk.

Farm Boy: Mokolé raised on an ‘alligator farm' by
human Kin.

Gendasi: The Nearctic Biome; North America.

Gharial: The gavial varna of India.

Gumagan: Saltwater crocodile and monitor lizard
Mokolé of Oceania, including Australia and New Guinea.
The Gumagan are a stream of Umbral travelers, Mnesis
questers and visionaries.

Halpatee: The American alligator varna of the
Mokolé-mbembe.

Homid: Human shape of Mokolé and Béte. Lowercase,
a Mokolé born of human parents.

Innocents: The deformed and stillborn children of
mating between two Mokolé: they become ghosts and haunt
any Mokolé who enters the Umbra.

Inwitting: A unique storytelling art, combining Mnesis
and a special Gift, which sends listeners into a shared
memory-dream.

Jati: Human "caste" of India.

Karna: The saltwater crocodile

Last Times: The First Times (pa
the age between the aw kening of the
Wars of Rage.

Lineage: A family o'
from generation to gen,
provide enough Mokol

Ma'afaz The ¢
Americas, 1448 :

Makara: Th ‘of India, the stream most beloved
of humans. Can also refer to the varna of mugger crocodiles.

Mancala: The Mokolé game based on egg-laying. Now
played by humans.

ftica to Asia and the

Matre: Mystic power gained through parentage.

Mnesis: Ancestral memory of the Mokolé.

Mokolé: The Dragon Breed; shapeshifters whose ani-
mal form is a lizard or crocodilian. Does not include the
Nagah (serpents) or tortoises and turtles. The Mokolé breed
is divided into fourstreams: the Mokolé-mbembe, Gumagan,
Makara and Zhong Lung.

Mokolé-Mbembe: Ancestral Dinosaur King of the
Congo Jungle.

Mokolé-mbembe: By extension, Mokolé-Mbembe's
children, the Mokolé of Africa and the New World; a stream
of warriors.

Monster of the Deep Shadows: The Dissolver, seen as
opposed to the Sun.

Mother Cow: Gaia.

Olodumare: The Sun, or Face of God. Giver of heat,
light and life to the Mokolé.

Ora: The Komodo monitor varna of Indonesia.

Perfect Clutch: A clutch with a member of each solar
auspice. Rare.

Piasa: The American crocodile varna of the
Mokolé-mbembe.

Proudest Monkey: Human.

Rats: Any mammals. Used by elders.

River Pact: The ancient accord between the Silent
Striders and Mokolé-Mbembe of Egypt, enforcing truce
between them. The treaty is assured by the totem Crocodile.

Ruler-Of-The-Tides: Mokolé name for Luna.

Salty: A saltwater crocodile; also "saltie."

Sharptooth: A carnosaur.

Stream: A great interwoven group of Mnesis lineages
native to a specific area. There are four streams of Mokolé:
the Mokolé-mbembe, Gumagan, Makara, and Zhong Lung.
Each has its own strengths, and each is different. They are
not "tribes" as such, but relatives who have grown apart.

Suchid: Reptile form of the Mokolé. Also (when

lowercase), a Mokolé hatched of reptile parents.

Sun: The Face.of God, Lord of All and Giver of Life.

Also Olodumare, Surya, etc.

__ Sun bridge: Passage from one place to another "through

the heart of the Sun," invoked through a rite.

Syrta: The caiman varna of the Mokolé-mbembe.
Ancient ratlike ammal, a "living fossil"

Mokolé can transform. Each stream contains two or more
varna: Mokolé of the same varna will have common inter-
ests and concerns, as well as the same Suchid form.

Wallow: Home of suchid Mokolé and other crocodil-
ians or reptiles; a home for Mokolé and their Kin.

Wanderer: An office given to some Mokolé; indicates
those who travel from wallow to wallow bearing tales.

Wani: The Dragon Princes of the East; mighty spirits
who give their shapes to the Makara and Zhong Lung.

Was: The past, particularly the long-ago past.

Within, the (also "Great Within"): The inner world
of ancestral memory, accessible through Mnesis.

WonderWork of the Wyrm: The Cretaceous-Tertiary
Boundary event of 65 million years ago. The Dissolver-
caused extinction of plants, sea creatures, and animals
including the Dinosaur Kings.

Zhong Guo ("chung kuo"): The Middle Kingdom:
China, Taiwan, Japan, Korea, Vietnam, Mongolia, Tibet,
part of Siberia and so on.

Zhong Lung ("chung lung"): The Middle Dragons,
Mokolé of Eastern Asia. They are great scholars and are
renowned among the hengeyokai, the shapeshifters of the East.

Sunrise: Dragons in our Midst 17

[fA OEE. Ps ET DL

S|


Who knows for certain? Who shall here declare it?
Whence it was born, whence came creation?

The gods are later than this world's formation.
Who then can know the origin of the world?

None knows whence creation arose;

And whether he has or has not made it;

He who surveys from the lofty skies,

Only he knows — or perhaps he knows not.

— The Rig-Veda

Peter and Morwangu sat in the scanty shade of an acacia.

"How'd the world begin? Hell if I know! We weren't
there!" Morwangu snorted and went on grinding pituri. The
acrid smell of the root filled the air.

"What do you mean? Mokolé remember everything, I
thought."

"No, only The Memory. Only what an ancestor saw,
heard, knew. We aren'tas old as the bloody world. Kings saw
fossils in the rocks, older then than the Kings are now.
Creation? It's as much a legend to us as to you!"

"Fossils? Huh?" Peter's head swam. Galliards sang of
a First Time when Gaia had made all the Changers, all the
beasts, a Garden of Eden. First the other changers, then the
Garou, Her Warriors. The Mokolé fit into the song
somewhere. And school taught that evolution had taken
millions of years, but...

Morning: Was

"Do Mokolé, do they, I mean, believe in evolution? I
mean... [, uh, I guess | don't know what I mean. | mean,
dinosaurs were real, I know they were, I was..."

"You have The Memory. Judge for yourself."

Peter began to think. The doors of Mnesis opened. He
remembered dinosaurs, remembered being a dinosaur: not
swamps of sluggish lizards but forests of pine and cycad,
wingfinger herds wheeling in formation against a pure blue
sky and treefern thickets where flocks of duckbills grazed.
A landscape without flowers or mammals, filled with life
that was broken remnants in Peter's time. Not the First
Times of Cassandra's stories, but something so much more,
a whole different world. Had he always known this? It was
within his own soul.

Red struck his eyes.


"It's real. | mean, it's amazing, Morwangu! I remember
— | remember everything, all that — Morwangu?" His skin
was ted as the sun that set. He'd sat entranced for hours,
seeing what Was. The Mokolé elder was gone. What can I
learn? There were Mokolé before there were Garou. Okay, no
surprise. What about the First Times? Well, they had to be, or
there wouldn't be any Garou. And Gaia, She's as real as my
snout. But he never said She wasn't.

So who's right?

We both are.

Peter got up and looked in his rucksack for some
sunburn lotion. This was going to be weird.

The most tantalizing hint had come from Morwangu.
He said that there were those who came before the Kings —
"else," he'd asked, "what did they remember? It seems to me
that the Kings — well, that's another story." Peter wished
he'd elaborated.

"Son, let us go." Morwangu beckoned Peter toward the
combi that Jeffo had finally managed to start.

"Look, where are we going now?" Where was there a
place more desolate and nasty than this?

"North." North from Arnhem Land was the ocean.

"Where north?" Peter picked up his bag. If they left, he
was lost in this desert anyway.

"To where Wolaru is."

"Wolaru? What do you mean?"

"Wolaru must awaken. We will go to her now. Youhave
come, and restored her to us."

"Look, if you mean the Wolaru I knew of, she lived,
what, a hundred and some years ago. ] mean, she has to be
dead now." He hoped. There were worse things than dying
in the world, and he'd met a few.

"She will awaken. She must. Her Memory is with us
once more."

Peter shrugged and followed the old man to the combi.

Before Memory

It is ironic that the Mokolé, the eldest of the
Changing Breeds, have no clear idea about how the
world came to be. In general, they will tell an inquirer
that they don't know, or tell the creation story that they
know best. The Mokolé-mbembe prefer to believe that
Gaia made them, as She made all things on her face.
The Gumagan tell of ancestors who made the land of _
Australia and everything in it, in the Dreamtime. The -
Zhong Lung talk of Age after Age, as do the others of
their land, while the Makara argue violently as to
whether the world was created or not! Midnight Suns
spin endless contradictory tales of gods, Gaia, and
ancestors, but in the end no Mokolé claims to have the
truth about what came before the Kings.

Mokolé

",

How the Mokolé
Came to Be

Peter followed Jeffo and Morwangu up the hill. Raijua?
Why couldn't the Ancient be buried on, say, Bali? Sun burned
his neck where the bush hat didn't shield ir.

We are going to wake up an ancient Mokolé. Or an ancient
something. And when we do, Gaia help us. ] am a Garou, for
crying out loud! She' ll kill me on sight! This is stupid. How could
anyone, anything, be alive after hundreds of years underground?
Vampires were another story — they were dead to start with. This
thing, whatever it was, must be a fossil that they worship.

The Indonesian trip had been fun so far. They'd flown
to Sumba, the big island nearby, and taken in the sights.
There had been some local wingding with a massively
overweight woman sitting under an awning: the native
queen. Then they'd taken the boat over to this tiny place.

"Used to be all over trees —- damn them for cuttin' em
down." Morwangu's words were strange until Peter realized:
The Memory. There weren't even stumps in the ground, and
erosion furrowed it deeply. How long had the trees stood?
How long had it been since they stood only in Memory?

They came to the summit, where there was brush and
dry grass. There was a stone at the center of the place: white
quartz with rainbow veins snaking through it. Peter ap-
proached, touched it.

Wolaru was there.

He knew her instantly, from the dreams pituri had
brought: a regal woman with ebony skin and lively black
eyes, scarted with the patterns that meant she was kin. He
remembered her, and remembered being her.

"She's buried here, been so these hundreds of years. You
were the one who found the Memories, Peter. You should be
here." Jeffo was excited. Morwangu was solemn. "I have
lived many rains and never thought to see this. No Mokolé
alive has seen her—"

"Unless you count me a Mokolé," said the Garou. They
squatted down and began the rite.

"Wolaru, wake; Wolaru, let yourheart beat; Wolaru, let
your blood flow, Wolaru, wake and see the Sun; Wolaru,
speak to us your kinsmen, Wolaru, come to the daylight,
Wolaru, Wolaru, show us your face..." They chanted on and
on while Peter tried to join in, chanted till the sky grew red
with sunset. Peter saw the play of copper sun on Jeffo's face,
saw it disappear.

"Sun sees you," a voice said. Peter and Jeffo jumped.
Standinga few feet from them wasa tall and handsome black
woman cloaked in kangaroo skin, with the setting sun
eclipsed behind her figure. Had she slept centuries? Most
people didn't act that collected after a half-hour nap.

"Sun sees you, Radiant Light, Crowning the Clutch of
Scales-Of-Many-Colors. I am Jeffo, Shining in the Clutch
of... the clutch of.."

L


"Tam Morwangu, Concealing the Clutch," said the
older man. He made gestures Peter had seen in the vision:
reverence for Sun's Anointed. The woman smiled. Her
teeth were white.

"And who is the invader?" For all that her speech
condemned Peter, her manners were no less pleasant. "He is
Bunyip? He cannot be. He looks like that other, the invader
who became a dingo. But he knows our tongue; he can speak
for himself."

"Tam Peter Ward. I am a Glass Walker of the Garou,
Gaia's warriors. These, my brothers, have brought me here
because I sought the Mnesis of your clutch in the gullet of
the Dissolver, and found it. lam the only Garou in all of time
to have the Memory. | have your Memory. Sun sees you,
Radiant Light." She seemed intrigued.

"Sun sees you. Is there wood, and a firestick? Let us
speak more."

" !
Joyils of the Kings

Tt was a night like this

Forty million years ago

I lit a cigarette

Picked up a monkey skull to go

— Don Was

Radiant Light spoke as the fire blazed.

"Call them the Lizard Kings, the Dinosaur Kings, the
Reptile Kings, the Dragon Kings, the heesh, yilané,
quintaglio or whileelin. The fact remains that there was a
civilization on the Earth in the Mesozoic. How dol know?
Iremember it.

"That was the world as it should be. No mammals, no
pollen to make us sneeze, no dogmen, just us and our Kin
forever and ever. | remember walking the streets of el-
Kaataar to the house of Wave-W ithout-A-Shore, seeing the
hatchlings playing at spin-the-top as 1 wondered how old
the game was even then. I remember Mother's tyrannosaurs
driving her hornface herds east before a storm front on the
Laurasian savanna, their talons scything sheets of water as
they forded the Tkash, the westbirds scattering and diving
for cover. | remember life after life, the continents them-
selves shifting so slowly that we simply rebuilt Alpeséak as
aseaport when Tethys came in. Your people are proud of five
thousand years of writing, of seventy thousand of talking.
You are rats on your hind legs. The Kings cared for Mother
Gaia for a hundred and fifty million years, so long that pine
trees still grow tall to escape a Big's jaws, so long that you rats
still tie memory tosmell, still blame the Kings for beingkicked
out of the garden. Else what was the snake before Yahweh took
his legs? The Time of the Kings, that was the garden. The
Kings took many forms, many places and many times. But
their reign endured."

"Waita minute. You mean there were people — Mokolé
— in the age of the dinosaurs? How —I mean, what did they
turn into? Into people?"

Vy


"What are people? Are we people?"

"Humans, | mean."

"Not humans. No. The Kings were smooth-skinned,
two-legged. Meat eaters mostly. Born with Memory even if
they were Kinfolk, not Mokolé. But they had hands, eyes,
minds all good as yours. Then Mokolé had three shapes, like
now. Our Devisor shape was reptile and our Dissolver shape
was great and mighty. But our Designer-shape was born from
an egg. It was the Drachid shape, the shape of the Kings."

"But the fossil record—"

She shook her head. "Means nothing. Let me get to that
part of the story."

Peter bowed his head, and then raised it again. "Were
there other shapeshifters in the Mesozoic?"

"Oh, yes. All kin to us, you know. There were people
who turned into sharks, people who turned into
bristlecreepers—"

"What's a bristlecreeper?"

"Oh, they're little creatures that have hair and carry
their eggs inside them till they hatch —- mammals, I guess.
But there were bird-people and so on. I think there might
even have been a tribe of ammonite folk in the deep sea who
fought the sharks."

Peter remembered Seeks' tale of the creation myth of
the Rokea, of Qyrl, C'et and Kun, and the undersea nations
that lived and died unknown to land-dwellers, and won-
dered. "There are still bird-people and rat-people today."

"Praise Gaia." She nibbled on the strip of dried
wallaby meat.

"But things are changing, Wolaru. The Mother is
dying—"

"Again? You woke me to see another WonderWork?"
Awe covered her face. "I am honored. To see the world die
and live again! "

"Wait a minute." Peter was amazed. "You want to see
the Apocalypse? It's going to be the end of the world!"

"The world's ended many times before. Before the
Kings there was a great dying, a great WonderWork. The
Kings fell. You will fall. Each time the Devisor makes things
anew."

"Wolaru — I have your memories, but I don't under-
stand them.... You mean — this isn't the first Apocalypse?"

The Age of Sleep

Wolaru had gone to the bow to watch for the first sign
of Australia she'd had in a hundred fifty years. Morwangu
spoke as the ferryboat sailed across the Timor Gap:

"The Time of the Kings ended with the WonderWork
of the Dissolver. We don't know just what happened. Why?
Because no one who saw it lived to pass on the memory. It
is the first of the Three Paths that no Mokolé can walk.
Something terrible tore into the Mother, and then all the
Kings died, along with their dinosaur kin, the ammonites
and almost everything else."

22 Mokolé

"Why? I mean, was there a reason?" Day washed the
ship's deck. Peter listened, worried that the customs
officials would see right through the spurious papers that
they had bought.

"{ don't know why. The Dissolver has always been
destroyin' so that the Devisor can make. But why every
living thing would die? I don't know. Maybe th' Kings built
things that poisoned the Mother and killed off other species,
deserved th' punishment of Gaia. Maybe a nuclear war, or
maybe droppin' stars on each other. Maybe the Dissolver
went mad. Maybe they started using the kind of magic that
humans now use, the kind that makes the Weaver write
things out of existence — that'd make sense. Whatever it
did, it took them out completely. You'll never even see so
much as bones. You'll just remember.

"But enough Kin survived along with true Mokolé who
slept in the mud that The People could be born again. These
had the Memory, but didn't Change much, and never into the
Drachid form. It was too full of bad memories. We sat
dreamin'; it was better than doin' then, with all we'd lost.
Our long punishment, the Sleep, had begun."

"We had two shapes then, Archid and Suchid. Usually
wore the Suchid save for hunting, battle and rituals. Th'
Memory was sharp and painful, with the glory of the Kings
and their fall. We did argue, though."

"When have we not!" Jeffo sat by Peter and mimicked
his fascination.

Morwangu scowled. "We argued about the rats.
They were takin' over the world, y'know. The Quiet Pools
said that the Mokolé should concentrate on the past. They
were mindful of their duty as the Memory of Gaia and
determined to keep Mnesis through the ages. The Way of
the Water's Going wanted to shepherd the mammals, the
new rulers of the land, makin' a toolmaker species who
could help The Mother. To this end, they killed the weak
and slow, instead of choosing according to how they tasted.
In the end, the Designer brought sentience to humans
anyway. To this day, there are Mokolé who regret not
minding their own business."

"The Mokolé guided the evolution of the human race? Is
that what you're saying? That can't be true!"

"That's exactly what we did. Been regrettin' it ever
since. It was a mistake. We won't repeat it."

"What? When would you "repeat" it? When would
there not be any people? You mean — the — the Apoca-
lypse! The Apocalypse?! ?"

Jeffo spoke, a mischievous expression on his face. It was
a moment before Peter realized that he was quoting:

"For the end of the world was long ago

and we dwell today as children of a second birth

like a strange people left on Earth

after a judgment day."

"You mean..." He struggled to control rage and fear.
"But we are fighting, dying to stop the Apocalypse. To save
Gaia. You don't even care?"

we


"No. It is much more than that." The elder looked at
him seriously. "The WonderWork came and went and we
still were. We did lose by it, though. But before the Kings was
a Dying greater still, one that left Her Face almost empty.
Who reigned before the Kings? We don't know." He took a
deep breath.

"If you fight, maybe it can stop. Maybe the End won't
come. Maybe it will. Maybe fighting makes it worse. The
more you destroy, the more is gone. Don't stop fighting. But
we will go on."

Morwangu looked up at the blue, blue sky and fell
silent. Peter wondered what patience it had taken to shape
humans from rats. What mammal could match it? Mammals
scurrying from burrow to hunt to mate to die while the Kings
basked lazily in the sun, hairy litcle things sniffing in the dark
to find food or a mate, gorging and gorging to stoke their
ravenous metabolisms—

He started. For a moment — how had it happened? He
had seen wolf and man through the eyes of a reptile.

He was becoming Mokolé. The certainty filled his mind.
Ina world of darkness, here were Sun's Chosen. He had seen
himself from far away. How many Garou, how many any-
thing, had ever been given that gift? Peter felt grateful.

Grateful and sunburned. Australia was visible ahead.

ye
—_——

The Last Times
(the First Cimes)

She was born in the eye of a hurricane
Laughter all around the bed

At night the Sun was looking down
Into a hole beneath the sky

The songs of angels filled her head

—~ Chris Leitch, "Julula"

The four sat in the shade of a rock outcrop tufted with
mulga. Wind spirits drew on the desert sand. Morwangu and
Jeffo wore the lizard-shape, to stand the heat. Their ancestor
coiled by the cliff, wind waving her crest. Resting her head
across the coils of her body, she spoke.

"We had chased and driven you, saved the smart ones,
eaten the dumb ones. We had watched and waited while
forest and ice walked back and forth on the land. We never
spoke. You needed your own words. We never used cools
before you. You needed to learn by yourselves or make the
same mistakes we did.

"That's the worst thing about those damned bloodsuckers.
They fiddle with your lives and herd you like cattle. But they
never think that you might do better than them. How could

Morning: Was 23

ee

we

they know what's best for you any better than you can? We
never made that mistake. But when we saw you dipping water
froma stream in gourds, we knew the Way had worked. There
was another toolmaker species. Someone had to bridge the gap
then, restore what we had lost in the WonderWork.

"Two Thumbs was the first. She was a Shining. She stole
your shape witha Gift, learned how adaptable and how clever
you rats could be, and used her sense of humor to finda mate,
Lightning Crashes, among the human band who camped by
her wallow. She bore seven children, who became the first
Mokolé with three forms since the Kings failed. Two Thumbs
always joked that ifanyone had warned her how much it hurt
tohatch a human egg then the Age of Sleep would never have
ended. Her eldest, Mokolé-Mbembe, was born when day
became night. He was the greatest ofall, the Mighty One, the
King. They say he lives still in the heart of Entoban."

"Where?"

"Africa," Jeffo interjected.

"No one remembers the First Changer or what Breed he
was from. This is the second of the Three Paths that we can't
walk down. We were stirred by the ancient memory of the
Kings, so we joined with the new toolmakers in Entoban.
Your own Shrouded Suns know that. We remember a time
when there were no Garou, but you can't remember a time
when there were no Mokolé.

"Gaia washed Her face with ice to clean off the
corruption of the Dissolver, washed it four times. We spread
with humans. We liked warm weather the best. Two other
Breeds divided from our own. There were some Mokolé who
remained with Sun but gave up Mnesis in return for the
powers of the Umbra. They became the Corax, messengers of
Gaia. Likewise, the Mokolé who had no limbs made a special
contract with Gaia. In return for losing Mnesis, they would
gain the power to judge and slay Her lawbreakers. They kept
our sun auspices and our reptile coolness. They're the closest
to us in blood, if not in mind and heart. Sometimes, one of
them will have flashes of Mnesis. If we could awaken the
Memory that lies sleeping in them a great fissure in Gaia's
mind would close and She would move closer to being One.

"The Bears were the First to waken. Why? It was Gaia's
will. They taught humans to walk on two legs and store food
for the winter. This was when they and their two-leg cousins
learned to paint and draw on cave walls, when they learned
to sing and dance. We never knew till later — they were too
far north. But like us, they culled humans who broke Gaia's
Law. Later we taught the bears to Sleep like Dragon."

"Then we learned of other shapeshifters, the Béte."

"What is that?"

"IT think it means ‘beasts.

"Oh."

my

/< may assume that the atrocities of the Get, Fianna or

| Garou elders. The fact that all Garou belong to "the
- same varna" makes the idea of having many tribes seem

Many Cribes or None?

The Nuwisha and Kitsune, because of their shapes,
seem to the Mokolé to be Garou themselves, and
Mokolé distinguish them chiefly by the fact that they
did not help the Garou in the Wars of Rage. The
Mokolé do not knoew.that there are many Garou tribes
who dislike each other. Unless a Mokolé has Garou
Lore (a rare Knowledge among the Dragon Breed), she

* possibly even the Black Spirals are sanctioned by all

"strange to Mokolé:

"The Shrouded Suns explained that Gaia, mother of
all, had made them and that each had their purpose. The
Bastet were the Mother's eyes. The Corax and the Camazotz
were Her messengers; the Grondr, the boar-skins, cleaned
and groomed Her. The Ananasi wove and unwove the
Great Web, and the Ratkin and Apis nursed and protected
Man. The many Béte were one, parts of the Mother's body,
and Gaia was whole. It hurts me to remember this time.
Many adepts who do so have fallen from despair. Last came
the Garou, who were the Warriors of Gaia, and their cousins
the Nuwisha."

"What was that time like?"

The serpent shook her huge, plumed head.

"You may not believe it, but in the Last Times we were
all friends. | remember it myself, and even I don't believe it.
The wolf-skins sat wide-eyed at Midnight Suns' tales of the
mighty Kings, hunted with the Rising Suns, and exchanged
Gifts and rites with the Shrouded Suns. Some of you joined our
wallows, especially females of breeding age, as the Dragon
Breed's skills could ensure more and healthier offspring.
Many pups saw the Moon's light in the arms of a dragon-
nanny. Mnesis, the true labor of Sun's children, meant that
none of the shapeshifters invented writing. Mokolé sat to
watch your tales and rites so that they could not be lost, and
we witnessed contracts and treaties. Usually the contract
made that a condition.

"Many Gifts entered into Mnesis then. We have some
you've forgotten. We gave youeverything. Even the Memory,
when you had a reason. You swam into the Memory with us,
deep into time, and saw the dawn age of Gaia."

"We did? Wow, we have changed."

"We have not.

"Then the Dissolver became trapped in the Designer's
web, and went mad. You know the story. That was bad. But
what followed was worse."


The Wars | a
ano the War o Shame

Raphus cucullatus had become rare unto death. But this one
flesh-and-blood individual still lived... She no longer ran, she
waddled. Lately she was going blind. Her digestive system was
balky. In the dark of an early morning in 1667, say, during a
rainstorm, she took cover beneath a cold stone ledge at the base
of one of the Black River cliffs. She drew her head down against
her body, fluffed her feathers for warmth, squinted in patient
misery. She waited. She didn't know it, nor did anyone else, but
she was the only dodo on earth. When the storm passed, she never
opened her eyes. This is extinction.

— David Quammen, The Song of the Dodo.

Wolaru spoke, the academic bent of her lecture trying
to hide grief and failing:

"The tale is told elsewhere of how the Wars of Rage
began. It is told many times, all differenr. The Garou blame
the Gurahl, the Bastet blame the Garou, and the Nagah

blame themselves, assuming that any Nagah can be found to...
tell the tale. And we are the Nagah. The Wars began in the.
forests of northern Eurasia. The Mokolé, far removed in
their tropical homelands, never saw the coils.of plot and»
counterplot that led to the slaughter. They knew of the War - |

only when Garou clutches began:to. destroy wallows. At 7 and use'of the Umbra more so, with Garou ready to attack

first, we thought that you had fallen t to the Dissolver. The any. ‘Mokolé they saw. The Mokol€é of Zhong Guo, isolated

cannot walk.

truth was far worse. This is the Third Par
If we were tesponsible, we » have paid and paid and paid, so
dearly that the Mother herself may not live.

"We fought for centuries, then for millennia. One by
one you could not face us, but war packs were able to kill
even the Setting Suns if they caught one alone. Because you
had abandoned the culling of humans, you coaxed human
‘heroes' to fight us too, to ‘slay the dragon.' Why did we take
humans? They killed all the proper prey! There was no food!

"You could not out-think us either. Each of us recalled
thousands of hunts, millennia of battles." Her snout twisted
with disdain. "You turned to trickery. ‘Peace' offers brought
us to the killing grounds, and disguised Kinfolk entered
wallows as ‘travelers' to spy on the Dragon Breed. When
they simply could not lure the Mokolé from their jungle
strongholds, you set the forest aflame, killing every living
thing within. Your Concealing extracted poisons from plants
and spewed them into drinking water or the waters of a
wallow; they bribed spirits to sabotage the magic of the
Shrouded Suns. Your most savage trick was to step sideways
and attack from the Umbra, which was harder for The
People to enter. As the War raged on, you forgot how it had
begun, and forgot that you had ever been friends with the
giant reptiles. There was only war between Wolfand Dragon.
So terrible was the conflict that you began to call the
Dissolver ‘The Wyrm' to insult us. Jeffo tells me that
everyone says that now.

Morning: Was

"The People retreated further and further. We ate less
than you. So we could survive in smaller areas of wild land.
Clutches lost track of each other, and many died out
altogether. Some entered the Sleep of the Dragon to wait for
better times. With us almost gone, you tried to protect the
Mother alone. No wonder She is dying."

Peter remembered Nyi and Trees Dream. How could
anyone want to destroy creatures who named every plant in
a rainforest and every star in the sky, who remembered the
days of the dinosaurs?

"There is a tale they tell in Entoban. It says that the
slaughter went on until clutches could hardly bury their
dead. Finally Dives Backward, Shining for the Congo Clutch,
led the ultimate retreat. Calling all the Mokolé he could
find, he went into a Mnesis trance and plotted the location
of every City of the Kings. From this, he deduced that a part
of Gondwanaland lay to the west; if it had held Mokolé
before the Time of the Great Freeze, it could do so now.
Dives Backward led seventy Mokolé across the ocean,
swimming in their Archid forms. Clinging to their backs

were a hundred Kin and'three Bastet, who flourished in the

new land as well. Their descendants are still there.
"The Wars of Rage severed connections between the
Mokolé of Entoban; Gendasi and Ambalasokei and their

_ kin in Zhong Guo and Bandaiyan. Travel was too difficult,

for millennia, redreamed themselves into the dragon shapes
of the Middle Kingdom, and became the eldest of the
hengeyokai, the Béte of the East."

"The East was no haven. It was also wracked by war and
sorrow. The blood-devils of the East tricked the hengeyokai
into attacking each other. The result was the War of Shame,
in which the outnumbered and outclawed Garou of the East,
the Hakken, were no more to blame than their peers. But
after many years, a truce ended the War. It was too late to
save the Okuma, the Children of Bear. But the Beast Courts
of the Emerald Mother came to be home to many Changing
Breeds, who worked and fought together to save Gaia.
Although the Zhong Lung, the Mokolé of the East, are on
speaking terms with all the other hengeyokai, they have a
special fondness for the Same-Bito, the shark-warriors of the
Pacific. Long ago they became guards for the Zhong Lung in
return for their tutelage. It is very common for the two
Breeds to be clutchmates, or even to breed together so that
their children are Kinfolk to each other.

"In Ambalasokei—"

"Huh?"

"It''s—" she conferred quickly with Jeffo-— "South
America, and the land to the north, Gendasi, the People
met wolves also. But these had no hostility toward them.
They were the Croatan, who built great mounds of earth and
worshipped our sister Turtle. They were Croatan's brothers,
fierce Wendigo and sage Uktena. They lived in peace for
many, many rains. But you know that tale, as I can see."


A
—

Oannes

Radiant Light spoke, the sun cutting her shadow into
earth like a hole:

"The Impergium was broken, some say, by the Children
of Gaia and their hyena-shaman, Lore-Speaker Grahn.
Other claim that bloodsuckers first herded mankind into
the cities of Jericho and Catal Huyuk to control their ‘herds'
of human prey. However, we remember a hero. His name
was Qannes. I did not know him. But Beautiful Is The Being
of Sun, Concealing the Clutch of Crocodilopolis, remem-
bers reading a book in the Library of Alexandria." Radiant
Light spoke in a rising-falling language that Peter didn't
know, maybe Greek. Then she caught herself at his bewil-
derment, began to translate.

"In the first year there appeared from that part of the
Erythrean Sea which bordered upon Babylon, an animal
destitute of reason, by name Oannes, whose whole body was
that ofa fish, that under the fish's head he had another head,
with feet also below, similar to those of a man... His voice,
too, and language, was articulate, and a representation of
him is preserved even to this day. This being was accus-
tomed to pass the day among men... and he gave them an

insight into letters and sciences, and arts of every kind... At
this time there also appeared other animals like Oannes.'

"That was one of the Dragon Breed. No doubt. Who
else on the Mother's Face knew how to read and write, how
to plant crops, how to build a city? But our minds could guide
your hands. The memory of the Kings finally had a use. The
clutch must have been overjoyed. Our punishment was
finally over.

"But the blood-devils took the city from us. The night
was theirs, and by day, humans they'd enslaved fought
against us. There are all kinds of stories about a big mighty
hero fighting a Mokolé. Marduk, Yahweh, St. George, call
him what you will. Buc the cadavers lie when they say they
invented civilization. They have never invented anything,
only stolen what others made. They are dead and should lie
in their graves forever."

"Is that why you people hate... them... so much?"

"We are the Children of Sun, who is the Face of God.
If they aren't damned, why can't they look Him in the face?
Every other thing in the world can do that!"

"I guess you're right." The Garou were night creatures
too, Peter thought. Was that why the Mokolé hated them so
much? He didn't want to ask.

Mokolé

TS ee ea


a ee of Goce armmarran can vans La

The Unchanging

The Mokolé remember not only the past of the _ volved into dark beasts called Skull Pigs. Feeding on
Changing Breeds that still walk Gaia's face, but that of. death and suffering, these eaters of the dead still exist.
the lost Breeds, those slaughtered by the Garou in the. __
Wars of Rage. While Midnight Suns tell of the were-
YA skunks, werewhales and weresloths, these breeds we

only jokes. However, the Mnesis adepts can name

The Apis, the "moon-bulls," were the matchmak A

ers and sages of Gaia. They grazed, meditating on the

Sun and Moon, and sought the time and place to bring

Man and beast together to fulfill Gaia's plans. Despite
several Breeds who exist now only in M ey were never kin to domestic cattle;
creatures, the "Unchanging" or the { ‘ they were auirochs. through and through. Their forms
ritually mourned by clutches wha:€ is fro / As,
the Wars of Rage. Note that becai | fa herbi
exchange of mates as well as shared Kin, there are. arp teeth in their battle form, and ate
Mnesis lineages who hold the memory of the Lost. hum o were foolish enough to hunt them. Their
Ones. These memories are fragmented, imperfect, a ; ed slowly, as the Earth and sky turned, but
difficult to understand, because non-Mokolé mint eir insights were deep. The Mokolé remember their
experienced them. They also carry the threat of Haran wise sayings to this day. They were frequently con-

— the loss of the Unchanging i is even more horrifyi
to anyone who remembers being one, and many ade
who have sought the lost Gifts of the Unchanging
found madness. The Merit "Mnesis of the Lost On
allows a character to roleplay this.

The Grondr were the "boar-skins" half-remem-
bered in Old European m
ests and swamps, t
ers of Gaia, using i
filth, parasites and taint from Her bod
in Her forests and mudflats to rem
The Grondr had five forms, like th
human, a near-human with great tusk
boar" seven or eight feet tall with shart
hoof-hands, a near-boar shape with inch-t
mor hide, and a wild pig shape. They had thr ¢
breeds: homid, suid and metis. Their metis
warriors and questers, whose inability to breed m
that they had nothing to lose if they died. Gr
sounders (the equivalent of clutches) had Kings
(Queens who won their titles by sparring jousts. extinction is one of th

When the Gurahl were attacked by the Garou, the»... Lords feel remorse.
Grondr rose to help them and slew many pa
Garou. However, once the Gurah'
death, the Grondr fell to Garou'
Mightyhoof being their last King. Th
went to aid the Gurahl remember t
some, out of grief, entered the Sleep of thée"Dr
directly thereafter. Humans of the First City soon aft

on brood kenning and marriage matters. The
ell when the Garou: war packs entered the Near

"hildren of Gaia, who tell
te long ago.

e day, the Camazotz were
Corax were to the north, the
z were to the south. The werebats were Gaia's
d group of messengers, who covered the lands the
‘couldn't reach. Theirs were gifts of hearing and
wkness and night. However, they were routed by
arou in the War of. Rage, and the Black Spiral
Dancers later hunted down the survivors wherever
they could reach them, By the second millennium CE,
the only Camazotz to survive were those of Central
America, and they too fell when the European Garou
arrived with the conquistadors. To this day, their
he few things that makes Shadow

ogy. Dwelling in for-
I

It is important t6 remember that the Mokolé were
urahl (whose far northern. habitat
6 Mokolé cared to look for them) and
vanished in the Wars. The Mokolé
31 ds as casualties. In fact, a few Nagah
d disguised themselves as Mokolé, and the
C Gurah! merely went to sleep as the Mokolé had taught
seized the last Kin of the Grondr, and enslaved them. them long, long ago. To date, none of the newly awak-
The beast Kin were also broken and made into domes- ened Gurahl has contacted a Mokolé clutch, and so the
tic pigs. Many say that the bloodsuckers who ruled the = Mokolé number the bears and serpents among the
humans were behind this evil deed. The last true _ fallen, even ifthey cannotremember the death of either.
Grondr Kin sought the aid of the Dissolver and de-

cut off from the !

Morning: Was 27
OFLA CP ET LO riley //,


Khem

How manifold are thy works, o sole God, like whom there
is no other!

— Akhnaten, Hymn to the Aten

Morwangu spoke:

"The Wars of Rage and the struggle with the Dissolver
eventually led you to abandon the Impergium. But we were
at war with you. We didn't hear about the new idea and
would not have cared for it if we had. In the tropics, we
continued to cull humans who stepped over the line. How-
ever, one Mnesis lineage of the Mokolé-mbembe stream
changed its ways.

"The battles with the Dissolver and the ravages of the
first human farmers dried up the Sahara plain and made it a
desert. The one river that still flowed was the Nile, and here
two-legs began to build a civilization. As the work of Oannes
had gone so well, the Mokolé decided not to slaughter
humans any more than we had to. Khem came from that.
The Greeks called it ‘Aiguptos.'

"We coexisted with humans in this land, and our
wallow was in the oasis city of ‘Crocodilopolis,' where two-
legs worshipped us. They were called the Hem-ka-Sobk;
they're still around. A Crowning would serve as the god
enfleshed. When they had lived a long time, the two-legs
wrapped them in bandages and they slept the Sleep of the
Dragon in their tombs. The others of the Mokolé clutch
were fed, worshipped and mummified when they died also.
The Mokolé were allies of the Bubasti and the Silent
Striders; they still won't hurt us. The Breeds shared Gifts,
Rites and Totems, including Crocodile, Sobek, who is
beloved of the Striders to this day.

"We preached Sun to the Khemetic people and they
made him into many gods. Eventually, a Mokolé Kinsman
of royal blood, Amenhotep IV, ascended the throne. His
friend Mentu-Hotep had a passionate conviction that Sun
alone should be worshipped. Their beliefs transformed the
land of Khem and cost Akhenaten his kingship and his life.
There are some who revere him even now. But I know that
Mokolé-mbembe shake their heads when I ask about him.

"After his time, Crocodilopolis declined, and the blood-
devil Followers of Set gained more and more power over the
two-legs. Eventually, inthe firstcentury AD, all the Mokolé-
mbembe left Khem for the Sudd and the tropics of Entoban.
Their descendants remain to this day. The Mnesis of Khem
has been cartied to many lands.

"Many rains, and no one has sought to waken the
sleeping elders who lie beneath Crocodilopolis in their
mummy cases. But we say they're still there and they havea
lot of Memory. Wakin' them up, that would bea great deed."

yy
28 Mokolé
AEA. PS ET ST

American Mokolé
and the Slave Trade

Jeffo spoke as the sky wheeled overhead, stars of the
Southern Hemisphere making half-familiar shapes. A fire of
mallee wood cheered up the night. Peter held a mug of tea
and listened:

"Just when we thought the worst was over, the humans'
numbers culled by the Black Death, the Wars came to us
again. Bad times for Mokolé and Kin. You call the year
1448, when the Portuguese humans landed in Mother
Entoban to buy slaves with guns and liquor, and you call the
next four hundred years the ‘slave trade.' We call it the
Ma'afa, the ‘unspeakable.' We did the best we could to
protect our Kin. They say that eleven million went to the
New World, but the number whose lives were destroyed was
much higher. We didn't know what was happening until
too late. The lines of Matre were cut and Mnesis borne by
Kin vanished forever.

"The Shrouded Suns wrapped themselves in bloody bull-
hides and asked the dead for knowledge. The Kin who had
died of hanging, beatings for ‘discipline,' smothering or had
jumped overboard told them that the Kingdom of the Dead
would suck those white men down. But the Crowning tried to
help the living too. Some Mokolé went voluntarily onto the
ships to aid Kin who had been sold. Many ships disappeared,
presumed lost, as the dragon-folk saved those aboard them.
Your books record one hundred fifty "slave revolts." Cinque
aboard the Amistad managed to return thirty Kin toEntoban.
There were many more that whites never knew about. The
Decorated Sun, Fenda Lawrence, known toher own people as
Seeks-the-Forgotten, came in 1743 to Georgiaasa free black
immigrant to search for lost hatchlings bom in the nightmare
world of the plantations."

"But slavery isover! And it was white men who abolished
it." Peter felt momentarily grateful for being a Canadian.
Cassie's great-grandmother had helped twenty-nine ex-slaves
to Ontario before the Civil War.

"Yeah, but it was one of us started the War! Striking
named Liberation, she was. She shot the cannon into
Charleston Harbor, first shot of the War." He looked more
serious. "But you know damn well that whites still profit
from black folks' misery. Nobody got their eyes open doesn't
know that."

"T think you're right. But it's not black and white we're
talking about. It's green and scaly."

They talked longer. Peter heard tales of Zhong Lung
who had fought to keep their Kin from journeying to near-
slavery in the Old West, of the Kinfolk cowboy who had
found "dragon bones" in the rocks of Colorado and the

\sunbs

.


elders who had made them speak. They talked of the death
scream of the last Camazotz and the repentance of the
Shadow Lords who'd killed him, and of the Mokolé who
followed what seemed to be a Garou ghost to a riverboat
filled with vampires. His head swam with the millennia of
time that were life and breath to the Mokolé, that ocean of
memory that his own folk had crawled from. What could he
learn? Just what it meant to be a Mokolé. If that could bring
enemies together, maybe it would be enough.

4
Morning: Was 29
OL Ps ST Lh ST LY

Far away, a great, hulking thing padded over red sand.
Anawful blend of dingo and demon, he sniffed for scent and
caught one he didn't recognize. His head snapped around
and he began casting back and forth for trail. As Luna sank,
he found a three-clawed footprint greater than any bird's.

"Wyrmspawn," growled Mamu the Red Talon. His tail
lifted with pleasure.

Now, what was that Weaver-thing's true name? He
needed a favor.


I heard a clatter of loose stones along the bank, and looked
up to see a monster approaching. It was a giant lace-monitor, the
lord of the mountain, Perenty himself. He must have been seven
feet long. His skin was pale ochre, with darker brown markings.
He licked the air with his lilac tongue. I froze. He clawed his way
forward: there was no telling if he'd seen me. The claws passed
within two inches of my boot. Then he turned full circle and, with

a sudden burst of speed, shot off the way he'd come.
~~ Bruce Chatwin, The Songlines

Che Four Streams

The Mokolé do not have tribes, as do several of their
younger siblings among the Changing Breeds. Theit Mnesis
has preserved a degree of unity among the isolated clutches
that has led some outsiders to assume that the Mokolé are so
tigidly traditional as to be unable to change. This isn't
completely true: environment and time have shaped the
Mokolé on Gaia's face into four branches, called "streams"
by the Wanderers.

The four streams aren't enemies, but they do have
different interests; they aren't allies, but have much in
common. Each is a collection of Mnesis lineages organized
in a geographic area with its local Gifts and rites; each has
a different approach to the problems that the Mokolé face.

The streams are all shaped by the nature of their chosen
lands and the reptile Kin found there. In this, they're more

Noonday: Us

OE FE

like Bastet tribes, split by feline and human Kin, than they
are like Garou tribes, divided by territory and philosophy.
Even so, the word "tribe" just isn't appropriate. However
different a high-caste Bombay Makara and a Louisiana
Mokolé-mbembe might be, they consider themselves of one
family — even if each looks on the other as one of those
"crazy second cousins."

The Mokolé are fairly widespread, although there are
far more of them in the Southern Hemisphere than in the
Northern. There are no Mokolé in Antarctica, although it's
said that once there were. With Mnesis 4 or 5, a true adept
can see the southern continent as the green and pleasant
land it was before the coming of the ice. Mokolé regard
Antarctica as a nightmare and the Garou who go there as
deserving of frozen death.

|


YAN

A

a 2 eZ

Gumagan
Dreamers of the Fire Land

Morwangu spoke, taking the Suchid form, his long
beard wagging.

"When the Kings died, old Gondwanaland shattered with a
broken heart. As its fragments voyaged apart, the Mokolé on the
separate continents began to diverge. Their Suchid forms became
new varna and their lineages of Mnesis began to grow apart.

"The fragment of Gondwanaland nearest the South Pole
drifted slowly closer to the Pole and grew colder. As the Ice began
to cover it, its Mokolé took themselves and their suchid Kin across
the sea to their nearest neighbor. This land made its way into
warmth, its back in the tropics. It became ahome for Fire-spirits,
and even now they ravage the bush. You called it Van Diemen's
Land and Australia, but it calls itself Bandaiyan. We are its
people, the Gumagan, the Voices of the First Day."

Jeffo spoke: es

"Dreams walkin' around, chump. That's all
y' up, ify' think about it. Dreams vher
Long, long time ago. The Ance:
here, where the world began. Then walke
south, east, west, all over Bandaiyan's

walked, y' can still see, ify' can see with the eyes of truth. Perenty :

Man, Wallaby Man, Goanna'Man, Bandicoot Man, all of'e
walking, walking. Then Bandaiyan is green, full of trees
grass. Guibiira fater havntiv' iv ube fest, inva Man in th
mountains. Two men went from Ulungan to the south sea,
Jungga and Gulgabi, White Goanna an' Black Goanna. Every-
thing that is has a spirit, y'see. And everythin' that has a spirit
has a dream.
"All of ‘em dreamin' real."

Morwangu spoke:

"When did we awaken from the Sleep? We don't both
calendars. | know that the whitefella gal what dug up old bo
said there were bones from ‘a hundred thousand years ago.'
thought they were a ‘lost race' from before Kooris. But we were
here when the first two-legs came, and the first Bunyip. Long
time, however you count it.

"We could use Sun Bridges to reach wallows outside the
homeland, but didn't want to most of the time. The desert was the
heart of the land, the perenty's home. The desert and the sea were
the two poles that held us. Salties were our warriors, perenty our
We MEK

"We welcomed the Bunyip, children of Dog-Faced Possum.
We knew nothing of your people. You never came to Bandaiyan
to attack us. Our two Breeds used different habitats, but made
common cause against the Dissolver. The last news that came
from the world outside was when some man-dogs were sent to

Bandaixan.as.aunishment. They called themselves the Bloody
Claws. All born dingo, hated their human side. They set about
trying to tell us to kill humans, to protect the Mother. We didn't
need to hear that. Then they wouddr vaaktrasarall, Sametime
after that they were hunting Dissolver-things and the Bane-Chief

at Greatrocks ambushed them and killed many. They hated us
then and the Bunyip too. But the land was ours, and they could
do nothing as long as we held the desert and the Dream.

"We remember the day the world ended. You call the year
1788. When the First Fleet dropped anchor in Botany Bay,
dogmen came on your canoes and six Sunlost bloodsuckers with
them. You invaded Bandaiyan; do you wonder why the Bunyip
would not talk to you? Garou ‘explorers' hunted and killed
Gumagan. You still do. When whitefella reached Ulungan and
called it ‘Arnhem Land,' the blood-devils accompanied them,
moving from station to station to drink from the whites and blacks
there. Eventually the undead discovered the Rainbow Stone, sign
of the Rainbow Serpent and source of power for the Gumagan.
They attacked the clutch of Scales of Many Colors and chased
them to Raijua: we died thereybut killed them all. Then Wolaru

lept, until we awaken

m camps for the weird animals whitefellas
ppt retreating. Last ofall we moved our most
mighty one named

mes who managed to save the
save the tribe, though. They all
its. Whitefellas call it a School

The Gumagan are'th
Australia by whites. They also occup
nalassorreutinlonds Keaowrn.as.the stream of fire, they are the
okolé most commonly found away from water, and indeed
me spend their whole lives in deep deserts. Once found all
ver the continent, they are today only a remnant of their
previous numbers. Their prowess at Umbral voyaging and
Mnesis questing is undiminished, however. Gadimargara,
first of the Gumagan, came in the Last Times. Choosing
perenty lizards and saltwater crocodiles as his mates, he
trekked the Dreamtime and created the songlines, roadways
paved with Mnesis. As aboriginal culture developed over
forty thousand years, the Gumagan cooperated with their
cousins, the Bunyip, to create the most complex array of
beliefs known to humanity. The twin seas of water and sand
were opposed poles in their world and equal as sources of
wisdom. The Dreamtime remains central to their lives even
on the brink of the Apocalypse. In order to further their
understanding of it and preserve its lore, they work with elders
and wise men (and women) of Aboriginal cultures.

The Gumagan never knew of the Wars of Rage anil
Europeans came, bringing vampires with them. The per-
fect clutch of Scales of Many Colors, dedicated to the
Rainbow Serpent, was the most prominent of the Gumagan
clutches. Then the undead attacked it, and the Mokolé
survivors fled to Raijua in Indonesia, where they were slain
by the vampire elder who arniveu' tir une Rita Flees. How-
ever, the bloodsuckers were themselves killed when Wolaru-
Radiant Light, Crowning the Clutch of Scales of Many
Colors, invoked the power of Dream Semblance and burned'

32 Mokolé

[POEL PS TS LTT tiny //

rkak


the vampires and
their ghoul-soldiers
to ash. She then entered the
Sleep of the Dragon, and her
clutch saw no more Mokolé un-
til Morwangu was born.

And so the Wars of Rage
finally came to Australia,
with furious Garou slaugh-
tering the Bunyip and their
allies left and right. The
Gumagan held out as best
they could, but against
technomagic and silver bul-
lets, they could not prevail.
All they could manage was to
hide the last desperate rem-
nant of the Bunyip's Kinfolk re i » ae
after the Bunyip themselves were ‘ _ ° a" ae
killed in the War of Tears. Afterwards, , ,
some Gumagan withdrew from Australia
itself to the Torres Strait Islands, where a power-
ful immortal offered them an island for a wallow. There
they remain to this day, unknown to the Garou who
think Australia's Mokolé extinct. The perfect clutch of the
Scarred Gums is now only eight members strong, including
Wind-Beneath-Her- Wings, who flew to them with the news
that Towers-Above-The-Kings had moved from Komodo to
Raijua. Another clutch lives in Ulungan (Arnhem Land) and
a saltwater crocodile clutch persists on Melville Island off
the northern coast.

The Gumagan are the memory of Bandaiyan and
preserve all of its past, through the Ice and back to the time
of the Kings. The Ancestors who walked the red desert in
the Dreamtime (alcheringa) are the source of theirvisions §& .
and their Archid forms, which range from dinosaurs to jie f° wv itits , 3 A SN Dak)
fantastic Dreamtime-things unknown to science. This me:
powerful connection to the spirit world, untainted by the
Wars of Rage, has led the Gumagan to have unusual
abilities with the Umbra. All Umbra-related Gifts cost one
fewer experience point for Gumagan to purchase (this
doesn't apply to freebie points, however). In ancient
times the Gumagan could simply wander in and out of
the Dreamtime at will, but the coming of the Gauntlet
changed all that.

One reason that the Gumagan are Umbral

SS

hs
A —
adepts is that they have few or no Innocents. ane SER OS wy
When a monstrous baby is born and dies i; Uh SALT
: . 4 es * . an! aries
because its parents broke the Duties, ‘ d ie SSS eH ae
' sate LSS STN, \{ is
the mothercooksandeatsthebaby's 4 of YZ 7 tie AR hy . memeenr | 7a

dead body, ritually reabsorbing its Me, , = . ey ee
shapeshifter spirit into her own. a - ee ‘
The child becomes part of its mother
and does not haunt her. Other Mokolé p
are so repelled by this practice that they Le,
cannot bring themselves to do the same.

' rie

Another reason for their skill is that the Bunyip were
Umbral travelers and passed along much lore to the Gumagan.

Two varna are known in Bandaiyan: saltwater croco-
diles and perenties, which are huge lizards related to the
Komodo dragon. No other varnasurvive at the present time.
New Guinea and other islands can boast many salties, but
the perenty is restricted to Bandaiyan's own body. The
Homid shapes of Gumagan are aboriginal peoples of the
lands where they are born. No Gumagan are known to have
been born elsewhere (although it is seemingly possible).

The Gumagan hold that the role of Sun is as one among
many spirits. The Mother, Gaia, called Waramurungundi by
their Kin, is where all beings came from, but Meeka (the
Moon) is as important at night as Gnowee (Sun) is in the
day. Oddly, Gumagan agree with their Aboriginal neighbors
that the Sun is female and the Moon male. They are the only
Mokolé to believe this and revere Sun as a Great Mother.
Like the Mokolé-mbembe, they recognize seven solar aus-
pices, one for each "moment of the sun." They also revere
the Dreamtime ancestors who made the world and became
it. A stone may look like a stone to a whitefella, but to those
who know, it is the body of the ancestor. They teach that at
the origin of the world there was only alcheringa (Dreamtime)
but that at one point the waking world became separate from
Dreamtime. Thereafter, only those with special abilities
could reach the otherworld. Of these, some (bone men)
could work what magic they dreamed. Others, Bunyip and
Gumagan, could shapeshift and also trek the Dreamtime.
The coming of whitefella and Garou has meant extinction
for the Bunyip, but the Gumagan aren't gone yet. The
Dissolver has forced them and their Kin nearly to extinc-
tion. It's time to fight.

Breeds and Cerritories

Homid, or "koori" Gumagan are born to human parents
from a native nation of Oceania: Australian Aborigine,
Papuan, Melanesian and the like. A homid's Suchid form is
invariably that of a saltwater crocodile or perenty. Suchid,
or "gadimargara" Gumagan hatch from saltie or monitor
eggs; a suchid's Homid form resembles the humans who live
near her nesting ground.

Gumagan are known to live in the deserts of Bandaiyan,
in Ulungan (Arnhem Land), Tsalats (New Guinea), and the
Torres Strait Islands. They are also found in isolated island
mobs elsewhere, such as the Yitrakapauwei Mob on Melville
Island. In southern Australia there were no Gumagan left
after the Wars of Rage came in 1788. As to whether there are
Gumagan elsewhere in the world, who knows?

The Gumagan's entry to the adult world is their Rite of
Passage, celebrated with elaborate ceremony among the
aboriginal peoples and Gumagan mobs themselves. These
rites involve dancing, chanting, long seclusion for the visions
of Mnesis, impersonation of ancestors to trigger Mnesis, and
scarification or circumcision. The teacher plants, such as
tobacco or pituri, may open the way to the great vision.

34 Mokolé

FL ET DL ile //,

Forms

¢ Homid: Gumagan in Homid are typically Australian
Aborigines or islander natives. A few Gumagan have had
mothers and fathers who were Kin to the Zhong Lung (such
as the Japanese who came to New Guinea or the Bajini who
came to Bandaiyan).

¢ Archid: The Gumagan draw on the vast dreaming of
Bandaiyan for their Archid form, and therefore appear as
gigantic Megalania lizards, the lost dinosaur Kings of
Bandaiyan, and the Dreamtime beasts that once roamed the
burning sands. They are colored and marked with the
thorns, ridges and sandy tones of their native earth.

* Suchid: The Suchid form is a perenty monitor or
saltwater crocodile.

Auspices

The Gumagan recognize seven solar auspices based on the
movement of Sun through the day and night. They view the
seven auspices as pieces of a whole, and acknowledge this in
their daily lives. Their functioning is embedded into the mobs
of human and reptile natives of Bandaiyan. Their auspice roles
are similar to those of the Mokolé-mbembe, except for the
Eclipsed Suns; Gumagan Crowning are directors of life and
ritual, often taboo persons because of their immense sanctity.
They forego the idea of government, and are far from secular
rulers.

All Gumagan begin play with Willpower 3, regardless
of sun auspice. They may purchase Backgrounds according
to breed, as with other Mokolé. Kinfolk, Wallow and Allies
are common Backgrounds, but Resources are not normally
available to them. Technological skills are also usually
unavailable. Gumagan cannot take non-Australian totems
(such as Anaconda or Snapjaw) unless the chronicle de-
mands otherwise. Each character begins play with two Gifts.
As mentioned before, Umbral Gifts cost one experience
point less for Gumagan to purchase. The Gumagan's Mnesis
has the following thresholds:

Mnesis Timespan

* Youcan remember the time since whitefella came.
ee Youcan remember aboriginal life for many lifetimes.
eee The Ancestors.

eeee = Before the Bunyip.

eeeee Time of the Kings.

Stereotypes

"| @ Makara: They all want to be humans. Don't
they remember our duty?

¢ Mokolé-mbembe: Colors are the deeds and
sufferings of light. They have suffered much. Let us hope
that they can remember something more cheerful.

¢ Zhong Lung: Snooty dragons. There is more
honor in following your own dreams than the words of
a hundred sages.


— NS \ Makara
\\ \) | Che Water Monsters of India

Skandadasa dreamed. He saw Mitra rising over the
harvest-horizon. He remembered his grandfa-
ther, aShudra laborer in the village. He
i = felt the spirit of the Trimurti Dis-
_ solver-Uncorrupted, Shiva, beckon
to his gavial breed. Agni, the Face of
Dragon amongst Men, the receiver of Oblations, the Fire, awoke
; within him. "Jya, mother-earth," he cried out in his sleep. "It is
too much. I cannot bear it." The rivers of time flooded the fragile
banks of his mind with the silt of thousands of years. The Wani,
the Dragon-Kings, roared to him from the ancient past. "Agni, it is
too much; I cannot bear it."
Skandadasa felt the breath of the Dragon upon his
face and it burned like the sun. "You must
fulfill your dharma, child. I have burned
away the demon-dreams and you have es-
caped the Destroyer of Time. You will reach the
Wani and accept their gifts."
He awoke in the river, ona tiny islet. The
gifts of the Wani still graced his body: fins, a
spined tail, webbed feet. The others awaited
him on the shore, and Skandadasa scurried
out of the water to meet them, relieved that
NAL he had survived the Sushupthi and become
Li) Smaranabhu, Memory-Born. The mud
‘AW felt good against the new skin of his toes.
He remembered a thousand childhoods
playing in the river mud, as a boy, as a
girl and as a gavial. However, the mo-
ment that his boyish form returned to
him, he felt sick and vomited upon the
rocks. Fish and bones splattered every-
where, but amongst the bile he saw
something gleaming. He picked it up
before he even thought of the pollution
of the unclean to his person.
"You have taken upon yourself
f the stain; look at what you have," the
Bhatta Ma said to him. Her aged voice
did not sound so disapproving as he had
expected Skandadasa gnened his hand
y after swirling it in the Ganga's waters.
There lay a golden swastika. "What does it
mean to you?"
Tes ole scree si. Baris aby abe heritage oyu deaay
of terror in another land. It is the jewelry of the dead.
I do not know what it means, Bhatta Ma."
"You are of the Zarad anda
Shudra. It is a sign of
your duty. The

ee 7

Y ag,
4%


west and the mystic and the artisan. You must return the symbol
to its glory."

"How will I do that? I am but one."

"No, Swallows-the-Sign, you are many. You must teach
the ancient truth before the sign was tarnished by the Western
wind of corruption."

Skandadasa knew he had no choice. The Namakarana had
been done and he had a new name. It was a name to remind him
of his dharma, his duty.

Mokolé in the Indian subcontinent derive from the
unique blend of religious culture amongst humans and
populations of crocodilians. Known as Makara, two of the
mighty Water Monsters are even mentioned in the Bhagavad-
Gita. The Stream of the Makara also refer to themselves as
the Stream of the People. They are the stream associated
with wind, their homeland swept each year by monsoons
that bring death and destruction but also water the land to
make it fertile. More than any other Mokolé, the Makara see
themselves as preservers of Gaia's living thinkers, not just
memories of the long-dead.

The Makara of India regard Sun.as their source of
enlightenment. Also of great importance is Dragon, the
Father of the Wani, or Dragon Kings. Hindu Mokolé in

particular usually interact with spirits through the sacrifice"

of fire, and revere Dragon as Agni, the God ‘of Fire, the
Conveyor of Oblations, the Speaker of the Wani. Of course,
their images of Agniate more reminiscent of the Wani than
of humans. They also acknowledge Chandra the moon.
Above all, the Makara place Rta, Jya (or Gaia) and the
Trimurti.

Beneath Jya the Makara place the Trimurti, composed
of the Creator, Preserver and Destroyer. An interesting

difference between most Makara and many of the other |
Changing Breeds is that they believe in Rta, or the cosmic ©

order. Rta, the all, came before Jya and will be after her.
Some human-born Makara prefer to think of Rta as a
supreme spirit and call it Brahman. Many suchids simply
shrug and note that the Makara are not meant to know that,
for it is beyond Jya.

The Makara divide themselves up in three distinct
ways: breed, varna and auspice. First, all Makara are either
born toa human or a crocodilian. As they believe that their
souls are reincarnated many times, and that they have been
both reptiles and humans in many past lives, the Makara do
not consider either form to be superior and freely inter-
mingle. Breeding between two Makara is forbidden in the
manner of all Mokolé, however, as it inevitably results in a
child who dies in the dreams of the First Change and
becomes one of the Innocents. The Makara are no more
lenient about this rule than are any other Mokolé. Secondly,
there is the breed of reptile (varna, or "colors") the Makara's
suchid form takes. Three varna are native to India: the
saltwater crocodiles, the mugger crocodiles and the gavials.
Finally, the Makara divide themselves into auspices accord-
ing to the season of the year.

36 Mokolé

PFA ATL tebe //

Breeds and Cerritories

Homid Makara are almost always Indian-born, and as
such belong to one of the castes, or jati. Their suchid forms
take the appearance of their dominant ancestors' reptile
genus. Most are born to low castes; it is extremely rare for a
high-caste child to be discovered to be a Changer, as most of
the ancient high-caste Kinfolk were slain in the War of Rage.

Suchid Makara are hatched from the eggs of a saltwa-
ter crocodile, mugger crocodile or gavial. The suchid's
Homid form takes an appearance based upon their ances-
tors' Homid features.

The native crocodile of India is endangered, however,
and each year fewer and fewer Makara are hatched. Sun's-
Hand, Crowning the Clutch of Kanpur, is concerned about
this, and has sent at least one Wanderer out to ask advice
from other clutches. Sun's-Hand is so worried that when
Lakshmi Devadasi of the Nagah openly approached him for
aid recently he refused; she eventually sought out Towers-
Above-The-Kings:in‘an epic pilgrimage.

Forms

; ° ‘Homid: The Homid form of the Makara is almost
exclusively ethnic Indian; very few Makara have ever been

born anywhere else. They are found in all levels of Indian

society, but most often among the merchant, peasant and

Che Caste System

It is important to note that all homid Makara are
born to one of the Indian jati, the social castes that
divide all of the nation's people into various classes.

There are over 3,000 distinct castes, but they fall into
four general castes derived from the Rig- Veda and the
~'¢lass outside, the Untouchables.

Most homid Makara are assumed to be of the
Shudra caste, for it is the most common. Shudra Makara
receive no special penalties or benefits other than being
a commoner. Of course, great wealth can alleviate the
discomfort of this caste. Shudra are supposed to serve
the Vaishya, Kshatriya and Brahmin castes.

Some Makara are of the Dalit, or Untouchables
caste. Also known as Harijan, these are members of the
lowest caste in India and suffer great prejudice. Others
are born into the Vaishya, which is the caste of re-
spected farmers or merchants.

The highest castes are the Kshatriya, the tradi-
tional caste of warriors, and the Brahmin, the priest
caste. The Brahmin is highest of all; although it is no
guarantee of wealth or good fortune, even beggar Brah-
min are treated like Brahmin.

Of course, this is just the briefest look at a caste
system that's only part of a very old and very rich
civilization. In many ways, it doesn't do Indian society

justice. We encourage interested readers to learn more.

rw

priest castes. Makara acknowledge that each caste has its
place, although they are likely to ignore human caste when
choosing a mate; the Makara are themselves not entirely of
human castes, and are not tied by human rules.

* Archid: The Archid form of the Makara takes shape
from the dreams of the Wani, the ancient Dragon Princes.
Some are gigantic water-beasts, archaic crocodiles, ser-
pents, oreven fishlike sea-dwellers. Others are many-headed
things resembling the serpent nats, or even Eastern dragons.

¢ Suchid: In Suchid form the Makara is one of
India's native crocodilians: a gavial, mugger crocodile or
saltwater crocodile.

Auspices — the Seasons of the Stream

Like the Zhong Lung, the Makara divide their auspices
according to the sun, but in regard to the season rather than
time of day. The role of the Makara within Mokolé society
is determined by this seasonal auspice, though all Makara
are expected to try to aid Jya's other children in order to
carry out their duties as the stream of diplomats.

The Hemanta, or winter auspice, are the tricksters and
rogues, They are expected to be crafty, but are often attrib-
uted with frivolous behavior. The Hemanta have a begin-
ning Willpower of 2 and the same sun dice as the Shining.

The Zarad, or autumn auspice, are thought of as mystics
and spiritualists. Those of backgrounds that preclude priestly
duties often become bhagats ("godly ones"), who try to
blend their daily life with the rituals of religion. The Zarad
have a beginning Willpower of 3 and share the sun dice
benefits of the Concealing.

The Grisma, or summer auspice, are the judges and
police of the Makara. They are expected to seek truth and
justice. This can be a rigorous duty in a society born of strong
beliefs in duty according to caste and karma. The Gharials
most fierce in their service to the Trimurti of the Dissolver are
usually of the Grisma auspice. The Grisma have a beginning
Willpower of 4 share the sun dice of the Gathering.

The Vasanta are the spring auspice and are the warriors of
the Mokolé of India. They are also travelers and are the most
teady to hear of new things. The Vasanta have a beginning
Willpower of 5 and the same sun dice as the Striking.

Stereotypes _

~ © @ Gumagan: Savages, but masters of arts long lost
to us.

* Mokolé-mbembe: So scarred from endless war
that they hardly know peace when they see it. Their
karma must be deeply tainted, but all of us are bound to

the Wheel.

¢ Zhong Lung:.Prideful creatures! They give
themselves too much éredit for their status — we didn't

start the Wars.

Mokolé-mbembe
Right Talon of Sun

Morwangu opened his mouth. But memory spoke
through him.

How long did we sleep? When did we awaken? I don't know
your numbers and names. But when the Kings walked Gaia's
face, you were rats. Look at you now. The stars have moved, the
continents have moved. Was it Mokolé-Mbembe who first
opened human eyes to see Lord Sun? I don't know.

We awakened in Entoban, the world's heart. Sun, streams,
sand. These were all we knew. But Mnesis opened within us and
we remembered all. The Last Times began.

The Last Eggs lay in the warm sand of the Congo. The Sun
took seven stations, seven moments. "Look!" He said to His
children, "I am Lord above all, Follow me and do what I do."
Eggs hatched as He rose up red in the sky and the Rising Suns rose
up like Him, hungry for new things.

Lord Sun sat atop the sky in majesty and saw all the world.
No thing that was could cast a shadow. No evil could hide. Then
the Judges were born. The Noonday Suns looked to the sky for
His wisdom and learned to see all bathed in light, to find all evil
and destroy it.

The evening came and Lord Sun went down drawing the
drapes of his sleeping mat about him in crimson and gold and
purple. The evening wind began to blow. The Setting Suns-
hatched then and huddled against the night. "Darkness comes,"
they said, "but let us prepare." And they worked to ward the
clutch from all harm.

Darkness covered the world. There was no Sun when the
Shining hatched. "Sometimes, light is darkness," they said.
"Make your own light however you can." They made light of the
darkness. They still do.

But eggs lay still in the sand. Sun shone the next day in
clouds. The Shrouded Suns hatched then, and knew, though his
face was covered, where he was. This was where their knowledge
of hidden things began.

The Sun showed his face, but a ring surrounded him. And
lights shone beside him. There were three Suns! Then the Gathering
hatched. They were not confused. "Lord Sun tells us to bring all
together. There is much to do." There was one egg left. For a long
time, it did not hatch. Then Sun seemed to blacken. His face
vanished and a crown of fire shone in the sky. The Gathering had
assembled the Mokolé and they all saw the Last Eggs open, as the
stars shone at Midday. "Itis a Rising Sun," said the Striking. "No,
this is the greatest of Mokolé, and there are no shadows now. It
must be an Unshading," said the Noonday Suns.

"The Sun is dying, so it is a Warding who has come," said
the Setting Suns.

"No, itis night and day both. Iris a Midnight Sun, who sees
the stars instead of the Sun when he is born." The Shining danced
and capered.

"The Sun is covered and this new child is one of us," said
the Conceailng.

Noonday: Us 37
Az a Ghee Ps me


"No, no, this is much greater than that. The Sun, moon and
stars all shine at once. This new child is the greatest of us all," said
the Gathering.

And the Crowning, the greatest of Mokolé, was born.

Clutch after clutch took human shape, and human Kin went
century after century to new places, waking Dragon from his
eternal dream.

The Mokolé-mbembe are the first stream and currently
the most numerous as well. Named for the progenitor of
their kind, the Mokolé-mbembe are the furthest-flowing
stream and the bloodiest. They claim they shepherded the
human. species to sentience over sixty million years by
eating the stupid — the truth of this is unknown. Born of
Africa, the Mokolé-mbembe have traveled to the Americas
as well. They are "the Mokolé" to the Garou, and to the few
others who know of the Dragon Breed. Theirs is the stream
of earth, and their origin is from Mokolé-Mbembe himself.

The first of their kind was Mokolé-Mbembe, the Crown-
ing son of Two-Thumbs. He and his siblings were the first tru
Mokolé born after the Age of Sleep. He founded the Cong

Clutch on Lake Tele deep in the rainforest ¢
seven Mokolé children hatched in the w
perfect clutch. Tales have i it chat throug

has prolonged his life to up
Umbra. He warded the ju
deadly Fever-spirits.ta on he First City,
then Egypt, Sumer and Rome rise and fall, and has sired
endless hatchlings on his Kinfolk mates. When the
Wyrmcomers at last colonized the Congo basin, Mok lé-
Mbembe knew that the wards of fever that he had bu:
before would not stand against the Weave
white men had made. He and his ¢f
into the Umbra, where he reigns st ‘
dants sagely nod, the Gauntlets so: in the swamp that
human searchers have seen the great king more than once.
The Mokolé-mbembe are renowned among other sauri-
ans for their rage and their prowess in battle. Of the four
streams, they suffered more than any other in the Wars of
Rage. First they saw the Grondr, Apis and Khara die, then
they themselves were driven nearly to extinction. A few
clutches swam to the Americas, and eventually so many
Mokolé had fled, died or gone to sleep that the Garou gave up
the War. Khem, where both breeds were strong, saw the River
Pact sworm between the Striders, Mokolé-mbembe and the
totem Crocodile. To this day, Crocodile demands that his
children leave Mokolé alone, if they do not befriend them.

Breeds and Cerritories

The Mokolé-mbembe are the most racially diverse of
the streams; they are most commonly Africans, Native
Americans, and biracial or triracial people in their human
forms. The Mokolé of Africa and the Americas alike have
always flowed in the same stream. As Mnesis tells of the days
when the ocean was a mere rivulet, this is appropriate.

38

ke Tele

. his descen-

Mokolé

In their Suchid forms, they are caimans, American
alligators, crocodiles, Nile crocodiles or even Gila monsters.
Varna vary, but a shared heritage of slaughter and strife
bloodies the stream. The Archid forms of the Mokolé-
mbembe are great amalgamated dinosaurs, dragons, and
prehistoric reptiles, almost too varied to name. Even so, they
are often the most primeval in Archid, borrowing only very
rarely from their homelands' dreams of dragons.

¢ Entoban

Entoban, the African ark-continent, home of human-
ity, is also the home of the most ancient stream of Mokolé.
Called the warriors of the Dragon Breed, they have been
attacked endlessly in the Wars of Rage; their extreme hatred
of the Garou is a mere reflection of the Garou's own
mistreatment of them.

The great rivers that flowed across the Sahara dried
when Gaia shed her mantle of ice, save for one — the Nile.
moisture enabled the'fise of one of the first human
i the Mokolé saw it all. The Mokolé
ile crocodiles, the Champsa varna.
e Bubasti in their long struggle with the
remain cordial with the few Egyptian
remain. When the-bloodsuckers finally tri-
lé  mostlydeft Khem and headed upriver.
remains in the Sudd, the
of Sudan. To this day, they fight
vof the Darkness, who are said to
e th. the nearby sands.

Mokolé-Mbembe, last of the inosaur. ings, is said still to
well_in the Umbral swamps of the Congo River. The

utch remains to this day. Currently it is nineteen
Zand seven hundred Kin live in a swamp
bembe's-Wake crowns this clutch. With
the recent political t ouble, the Mokolé have been moved to
act; they recently devoured 33 fomor mercenaries in a
dictator's entourage. They ate searching at present for the
Spear of Mokolé-Mbembe, the greatest weapon known to
the children of Sun.

The great temple at Ibadan, in Nigeria, houses the
temple clutch of Sees-The-Sky, headed for many years by
the albino Mokolé White-Like-Sun, who has since passed
into Gaia's Memory. The human Kinfolk priests and the
local cult keep four Mokolé safe and sound. This clutch
remembers the bloody history and prehistory of West Africa
and the reigns of the Kings. Lagos, also in Nigeria, is home
toa lagoon clutch of sacred crocodiles who were once given
human meat in return for controlling the flow of the Niger
river. Sabou, in Burkina Faso, houses another temple clutch,
guarded well by human Kinfolk. There are also temple
crocodiles in Angola, Tanzania, and Uganda.

The clutch Where-The-River-Bends, on the lower
Gambia, is in dire straits. It currently has only three full
Mokolé, all fairly old, and no more have been born in
decades. The reason for this is unknown.

woe ©

>

N

Mokolé of the Zambezi River
learned of the slaughter of the Ajaba
at the hands of the psychotic Dis-
solver-maddened lion king Black
Tooth shortly after the bloodbath
occurred. They have offered to take
in the survivors, as Black Tooth has
also killed Mokolé who stood in his
way. It has become obvious that no
one is safe from this marauder.

* Gendasi

The Mokolé-mbembe, the Entoban stream of Mokolé, were the
first weresautians in North America. They came up from the Caribbean
and Ambalasokei, where they had settled after swimming the ocean. Most of
the continent was unappealing to them, and they contented themselves with
the swamps and bayous of the south. The few who Wandered bred with the
natives of the Southwest, and the Unktehi varna of Mexican beaded lizards and
Gila monsters was born. When Uktena, Croatan and Wendigo crossed the Bering
Strait, only Croatan wanted to live in areas so hot and damp as the Mokolé swamps.
The Croatan tribe, followers of Turtle, were friendly to the Mokolé and consulted with
them on matters requiring their wisdom. Turtle also accepted Mokolé as his children

and taught them the gifts that he shared with his favorites, the Croatan. (UY,

In the last few centuries, the ranks of Gendasi's Mokolé were swelled

when several dragons came across the ocean along with the slave trade, ga

in order to find lost Kin. When the newcomers met with their distant eX

cousins, there was usually great celebration. co , se
¢ Europe ; EQN' og"
Europe has no native crocodil- KAN iN y

ians, and the presence of Nix ‘

Mokolé there has never

been common.
The "drag-


Greco-Roman and Germanic stories might be Mokolé who had
turned; Mokolé-mbembe say that any Mokolé who lived sofar from
Sun would go crazy. Western dragons make for poor player charac-
ters— of course, agame of Werewolf: The Dark Ages might prove
interesting if there was a chance to play "the other side."

A few Mokolé-mbembe wander through Europe at
present, but no wallows have existed there since the Ice Age.
Those who come often remember the days when Europe was
tropical, part of ancient Laurasia.

¢ Ambalasokei

The caymans arrived at the party dressed in their best.

— "How Iwariwa the Cayman Learned To Share,"
Yanomamo folktale

Ambalasokei, called South America by the whites, was
the New World of the Mokolé-mbembe. The rainforest had
abundant prey and an ideal climate. The African Kin who
came on the slave ships faced first the horrors of the Middle
Passage, then the burden of bondage. But many escaped into
the jungle, often with native help. Their African-style
villages were human wallows run by true Mokolé and
offering sanctuary to any refugee.

The destruction of the Amazon rainforest has awak-
ened the Mokolé to the dying of Gaia. Elders such as Nyi the
Feathered Thunder and her clutchmate Horned Thunder
have awakened to find that the jungle is disappearing.
Pentex poisoned the wallow of Hooark-Oark and the Mokolé
abandoned it; Feathered Thunder, a Midnight Sun, has
gone so far as to cooperate with the Garou Ghost Raptor
pack in order to protect her nest. This wallow, Gr'rrash-
takknyrr, is the largest remaining in Ambalosokei, and is a
famous nesting ground; it has been in continuous use for
over five hundred thousand years. It is the home of six
Mokolé, including Feathered Thunder and a Rising Sun
named Song-of-Younger-Days who has distinguished him-
self in the Amazon War. His kinsman, Strikes-like-Light-
ning, annihilated a Pentex First Team with the help of the
Balam Smoking Mirror Wind. The memories of Trees
Dream, the clutch's Setting Sun, contained the key to
curing the deadly "snow plague" that threatened the Garou
nation. The Garou who carried the plague, Peter Ward,
became the first Garou to receive the gift of the Memory.

Stereotypes

© Gumagan: Lost in time, lost in space, or just
plain lost? The Sandwalkers need to wake up and smell
the coffee, if any are left at all.

* Makara: They like humans too much. How can
they cull them properly? It could be nice to have two-
legs at your beck and cail like that, though.

e Zhong Lung: What we'd be if it weren't for the
wars. I'd like to see if their fancy courts and philosophy.
schools could survive Garou attacks. They are vety
wise, though.

—

The Zhong Lung

Servants of Heaven
Wolaru spoke.

I remember the strangers. Bajini came a little while ago. Not
by your measure, by ours. Four hundred years? Five hundred?
Long enough for their houses to fall, their books to rot. Long
enough for white men to say "We discovered Australia."

Bandaiyan hadn't seen strangers since the Ice. The Bajini
were small, gold-skinned, with straight black hair. They came to
fish. "No fish back home?" we wondered. They took sea slugs,
dried them till their boats were full, then back on the greatstorm
they sailed. Our women went to them because that means peace.
They gave the clean food, the white, clean food, rice. That was
good eating — but too much work to grow it. They brought us
more. Among them were shapeshifters like us. And we learned
from them that the Wars were over, that the Wolves had forgotten
us. No one knew that Bandaiyan was even there, lostin the south
sea, These were the Middle Dragons of Zhong Guo, the kingdom
white men called "China." Mokolé? Yes, but from a different
world. They remembered Dragon, not the Kings, and they
worshipped Sun through the year, not the day. Still, they knew the
Speech, and we learned a lot from each other. Zhong Guo has bled
white in my own time. I might be a blackfella but I'm not blind
and deaf, Peter. The great dragons live inmy memory, Sun grant
that they still fly in the waking world.

The hengeyokai, the shapeshifters of the East, recognize
three kinds of dragons. The High Dragons are the great
Dragor-spirits of the Mother, highest-ranking lords of the
spirit world. The Low Dragons are the alligators, monitors and
crocodiles of the land, the dragons made purely of flesh. And
the Middle Dragons, the Zhong Lung, are the Mokolé of the
East. Eldest among the hengeyokai, they serve the Beast
Courts of the Emerald Mother as sages, scholars, and mighty
warriors. They are the strain of Mokolé associated with water,
and control the rivers and streams of legendary Zhong Guo.

Where and when Mokolé first came to the Middle
Kingdom is unknown, although the Zhong Lung say that the
Dragon Kings are their progenitors. According to their tales,
the Wani, the Dragon Kings of the Eastern world, gave five
of their eggs to the Queen Mother of the West. She bore the
eggs into the Middle Kingdom where they became the first
Zhong Lung. Of course, there's little evidence of this, and
the truth remains unclear. The other hengeyokai are nohelp
on this matter, as they all regard the Zhong Lung as eldest
among shapechangers.

The Hwanlung xi, the Kinfolk "dragon-rearing fami-
lies" of old China, survive to this day in the Yangtze river
valley. They have served the Zhong Lung as Kinfolk since
the Xia Dynasty. Their vigilance is necessary, as the egg of
a Zhong Lung can remain viable and incubate for centuries,
sleeping the Sleep of the Dragon before its birth.

The Wani are the Dragon Princes of Zhong Guo, ruling
the clouds and the rising and falling of water, presiding over

Mokolé


royal houses of mankind, and puzzling humans for their "nine
resemblances." When they choose to appear in their formal
visage, they embody human dreams by having stag's horns, a
camel's head, demon's eyes, a snake's neck, a clam's belly,
scales like a carp, eagle claws, soles like a tiger and ears like a
cow. The memory of the Emerald Mother holds all who have
lived on her face, and so one and the same shapeshifter can
easily draw on many branches of the tree of life.

The Zhong Lung's Mnesis is not any deeper than that
of the Mokolé-mbembe, but they make a different use of it.
What is certain is that the distinct spiritual texture of Zhong
Guo has worked profound changes. Like all Mokolé, the
Zhong Lung are the Memory of the Mother. Like their kin
the Makara, they revere the years of Sun, not His days.
Wherever the Dragon Princes may be in the present Fifth
Age, the Zhong Lung remember them, and not the dino-

saurs unearthed by Sunset People. Theis Archid forms are »

more like dragons than those of any other Mokolé; only t
have such features as gills, manes (too mammalian for
other streams), and fiery pearls. The Wars of Rage did r
reach Zhong Guo, and so the Zhong Lung do
fear the Hakken asthe Mokolé-mbem
are foes of Kuei-jinand other ¥
cal prowess is helpful whe
sentai (clutches of more
Zhong Lung often serve
Wardings) and Fists (warriors and generals).

They are often noble and wise before the First Change.
Their ability to look deep within other's souls (and their own)
is legendary. Alas, there are not many Zhong Lung left. Wars
the destruction of reptile species, and their own slow breed
have taken their toll. But long life is common for
sleep the Sleep of the Dragon, while o
with elixirs to perfect the balance of yin an
their lives. By shedding old skin and e
can live for centuries. They are revered by their Kin and used
to be fed and worshipped in return for bringing rain.

The awe of other hengeyokai is apparent when they
deal with the Zhong Lung; the ancient legacy of the Kings
shows through. When a Zhong Lung in Archid is present,
any other Eastern Changer must make a Willpower roll at
difficulty 6. If they fail, they suffer a +1 penalty to
shapeshifting difficulties.

The beliefs of the Zhong Lung are those which they
have imparted to their cousins among the hengeyokai. They
revere Earth, called the Emerald Mother, and Sun in his
yearly cycle. They hold that next to these are the Wani, the
dragon ancestors. The fact that hengeyokai often negotiate
with Kuei-jin rather than simply attacking comes from their
attitude toward the Triat. Like the Makara, the Zhong Lung
believe in the Balance, a supreme principle governing the
entire universe. The Balance of yin and yang, light and dark,
of the Devisor, Designer and Dissolver, is more important
than the inherent goodness or badness of one of the Three.
Like the Makara, the Zhong Lung pay careful attention to
the Dissolver's true role, and don't simply condemn all of its

servants. However, war is a part of maintaining the Balance
and their Tung Chun don't shirk their duty.

All Zhong Lung begin play with Willpower 4. They
may purchase backgrounds according to their breeds, as with
other Mokolé. Like them, they cannot take Past Life. They
often have Pure Breed, which represents direct descent from
the First Eggs. Their Mnesis is roughly equivalent to that of
the other streams, but expressed differently:

Mnesis Timespan

° Events of the Fifth Age: "human history"

oe The end of the Fourth Age: The Wars of Shame

eee The entire Fourth Age: Before the War of Shame

The Third Age: Legends of the great wars

eeeee The Second Age: The Wan Xian and the first
shapeshifters

A few Zhong Lung have shared Mnesis with the other

treams, but the memories of the Sunset dragons are

id' 5 Suchid form will be the shape
he land where his ancestors

dune: are hatched of

of the varna
are buried. Suck

alligator, saltwater:

wuld riot incarnate
suchid's Homid form will resemble the
tive to her varna's habitat.
at, che Zhong Lung avoid cities when they can.
In China itself, they inhabit communes along the Yangtze
river, which are populated entirely by Kinfolk and dragons.
They thus escape attention. Many solitary elders retreat to
the mountains to contemplate. The purges and slaughters of
the twentieth century have not left the Middle Dragons
unscathed: Hei Lungren, Spring in the clutch of Seven
Pearls, shudders when she tells of Kuei-jin gorging on the
spoil heap of Mao's death camps, bloated almost mindless
with Yin chi from the dead. Her scars from fighting them
mark her even today. Two clutches of Zhong Lung lost
Kinfolk during the Cultural Revolution when gangs of Red
Guards attacked while the dragons were absent.

The island clutch of Fang Zhang, in the Pacific, has taken
in several refugees from China's troubles. Less and less often
do the dragon-lanterns beckon Zhong Lung and Kin to gather
in. sacred sites. China's environment is in deep trouble; the
Chinese alligator is nearly extinct. Therefore fewer and fewer
suchids are born, and the Shrouded Suns have taken long
journeys elsewhere to seek reptile mates for their hatchlings.

Indonesia's troubled politics have meant ill for the
ancient clutch of Towers-Above-the Kings (on Komodo
Island). The royal family of this island was unseated and
forced to retreat to the nearby island of Raijua when the
tools of the Designer attacked Komodo. The Komodo dragon

Noonday: Us 41

[PPO ET


—
A/S <
Ss <<

is endangered, but adroit maneuvers by Kinfolk
have placed it under protection and scattered Kinfolk
breeding pairs to America.
a Aamangguhumans dhare ace nay few jqnanse ar Kamas
REY who carry the Old Blood. The lack of reptiles in these lands has
led the clutches to "lose the dragon." Some Japanese and

3

wen eg a le P Korean Zhong Lung send abroad for mates, although this is

socially taboo. Southeast Asia's sorrow has led many of the Middle
Dragons to flee or enter the long sleep, but a few clutches remain. At
Samutpraken Crocodile Farm in Thailand, six Zhong Lung guard
clutches of eggs in the jungle. In Indonesia the dragons are still strong,
as they are in the Sea Realms beneath the Pacific. The aborigines of the
Philippines and the Andamans are Kin to the Zhong Lung,
5. and clutches exist on both island chains.
, hod A: Half of Gaia's Face is under the waters of the Dragon
‘ fi. ~ Kingdom of Umi, and this is one of the last strongholds
, i of the race. Here Zhong Lung bide their time, waiting
e alongside their Same-Bito comrades and many other supernatural
ie denizens of the Middle Kingdom. Zhong Lung swim as far as Fiji and

‘ KM mate with the saltwater crocodiles who made the crossing long ago.

UL Forms
J

L ey The Zhong Lung have three forms, as do all Mokolé since the
(i Vp Age of Sleep. They take their Archid form from the great vision

y NUK which comes to them at their First Change, although their dreams

ZA \" J drift toward the sinuous grace of the Wani rather than the hissing,
thundering great beasts that their Sunset cousins recall.

* Homid: A human of the East Asian world. The Zhong Lung,

as the eldest of the hengeyokai, breed with common folk and

aboriginal tribes rather than nobles or cityfolk.

¢ Archid: Archid forms differ from clutch

to clutch and from dragon to dragon, but

Zhong Lung tend to resemble the dragons

- EAREARA, ce of their homeland rather than reptiles

Pi or é SES aA or dinosaurs. Chinese Mokolé, for

1 2 rw Os ge instance, are most distinctive. Bull

a él CU ARS y dragons are called k'iulung in

eo ig Puranghue ("Mandarin") They ate

CL
+, Se) LG) sh dds
LV N60 TOA eet splendidly whiskered, often bearing the
eae)

an

A)
ue

eae

eo ON . :
or 1 "heaven-shattering thunder-erupting de-
om

"a
7 Ty ee
saene mee LATA | mon-repelling fire pearl" under their chins

ERS

A p in Archid form. They often have a horn,

y which undulates and is curved and thin. Their

WY' sisters, called chi'lung, are gifted instead with

y narrow, clever snouts and crests of colored feathers,

which rise and fall according to their mood. They

often have thin scales and a strong tail. Zhong Lung

are more flexible and agile than other Mokolé when

in Archid, due to their more serpentine bodies; their
Archid-form Dexterity is equal to that of their Homid form.

© Suchid: In this form the Zhong Lung is a reptile of the

appropriate varna: the rare Chinese alligator,

Komodo monitors, or the saltwater crocodiles.

Mating in Suchid form is common even for
homids, as it is believed to be interestingly erotic.


VASA

Auspices

The Dragons recognize four auspices, depending on the
season when a Zhong Lung is born.

The Tung Chun are the warriors and lovers, born in
spring. Their color is blue and green, and the east wind blows
on them. They resemble the Rising and Setting Suns in
demeanor. They begin with a Rage of 4 and receive the same
sun dice as the Rising Suns.

The Nam Hsia, born in summer, are the judges and
lawgivers. They are favored by the South wind and its
warmth. They are most like the Noonday Suns or even the
Eclipsed Suns. Their color is the emperor's yellow, the color
of summer, and they begin with a Rage of 3. Nam Hsia have
the same sun dice benefits as the Decorated Suns.

The Sai Chau, whose color is deathly white, are born in
autumn. They are the seers and scholars among their schol-
atly people. The are the Shrouded Suns of their people, and
somewhat like the Decorated Suns as well. They are also the
keepers of the wallows of the east, called "dragon nests," and
often reside in them all the time. The West Wind from the
Queen Mother blows on them, and their beginning Rage is 2.
Sai Chau receive the same sun dice as the Shrouded Suns.

The Pei Tung, whose beginning Rage is 1, are the
jokers and tricksters. Born in winter, they are warmed by the
North wind, and like the Midnight Suns, are contrary and
love paradox. Their color is black, the "black of the day-
light," as they say. They share the same sun dice benefits as
the Midnight Suns.

Stereotypes

* Gumagan: We have watched their decline for
centuries: are there any left? Had the Middle Kingdom
yet ruled the seas this would never have happened.

¢ Makara: Enmeshed in human coils, the Water
Monsters forget what came first. I only hope that they
don't lose sight of the Emerald Mother's purpose for them.

* Mokolé-mbembe: Brutal warriors savaged by
the barbarians' way of life. Harmony between Heaven
and Earth is the way, and soldiers are less than peasants,
for they only destroy.

Gathers

The gathers of the Dragon Breed are quite different
from the moots of the Garou. Since the decimation of the
Mokolé in the Wars of Rage, and their subsequent difficulty
in regaining their numbers, gathers are also less frequent:
though the Mokolé are gregarious, they are few in number.
However, Mokolé all over the world learn of gathers through
Mnesis, and more or less know what to do in one. They hold
gathers before wars, at the summer and winter solstices,
when a Crowning takes office and for some other occasions.
The tenor of such an event is slow and solemn, with a great

deal of bowing and courtly speeches. Mokolé usually an-
nounce their full names, including sun auspice, when they
begin to speak ("I am Cinnamon In His Light, Gathering the
clutch of Towers-Above-The-Kings"). While a gather ideally
includes all seven sun auspices, sometimes requiring that
several clutches meet, necessity demands that a Mokolé act
in substitute of any sun auspice which is not represented. In
particular, when no Eclipsed Suns are present, an elder takes
the role of supervising the gather instead. The Decorated
Sun has no explicit role, unless he is called on to report.
Instead, he coordinates the gather, making sure that the
clutch is not disturbed and providing anything needed.

The gather opens at sunrise, and begins with the time of
the Rising Suns. The eldest Rising Sun acts as sergeant-at-
arms to open it, and the morning is spent discussing war
plans if any, hunting territories, new hatchlings, newly
Changed Mokolé, and anything new. It is the part of the
gather devoted to the future.

The sun approaching zenith is the time for the Noon-
day Suns to take over. They sit in judgment over any cases
which require their authority, such as violations of the
Duties, legal disputes, or matters involving Kinfolk. The
eldest Noonday Sun is chief judge but must reach consensus
with the others present. Any impasses are appealed to the
Crowning, but this rarely happens. This is the part of the
gather devoted to current events and the present.

As the sun sinks and the legal affairs are disposed of, the
part of the gather devoted to the Was begins. The Setting
Suns approach and begin to recall the past glories of the
clutch, of the Mokolé, and of the Kings. Renown is distrib-
uted and Rank is settled. Mokolé are recognized for heroic
deeds and given new Ranks if necessary. The Mokolé
prepare for evening and the time of the Midnight Sun with
songs and the telling of tales. As the evening shadows
lengthen, inwitting and Mnesis often remind the Mokolé of
the past. The Shrouded perform rituals to restore Gnosis,
summon the spirits, and so on. The time at which they do
this is dependent on Sun. If he covers his face with clouds,
the gather begins the Shrouding phase of activity. If the
whole day passes without clouds, then a canopy is brought
to cover the Shrouding in the afternoon and they perform
the rites then. The Mokolé see gathers at which the whole
day is cloudy as times for endless performance of ritual, and
the cloud cover a sign that much needs to be done.

The darkening sky marks the time of the Midnight Suns.
The No-Suns make the whole night into a time of no rules.
Usually food and drink are present in abundance, and Mokolé
can celebrate. By ancient tradition, no reprisal can be taken
for actions performed at this time. The Crowning can be
insulted, the Duties mocked, and the whole structure of
Mokolé society turned on its scaly head. The deranged and
rococo pranks of the Shining are often bizarre beyond belief.

The celebration must end with the sky's reddening
once more. When the gather ends, Mokolé return to the
business of the clutch and their lives as humans or reptiles.

Noonday: Us 43

[fA OEE Ps ET EY


Kin: The "Eighth Sun"

I met you in a cave
You were paintin' buffalo
I said I'd be your slave

Follow wherever you go

— Don Was

Mokolé human Kin are usually traditional peoples of the
tropics, Old World and New. As Westernization erodes their
traditional way of life, chey have moved closer to the Designer.
However, many have sought to combine the best of old andnew.

Kin who parent a true Mokolé are accorded great honor,
as well as the titles "Siring" (for fathers) and "Carrying" or
"Bearing" (for mothers), along with their clutch name. Fa-
thers can make more true Mokolé, but the work of bearing
them is with the female, and so the two receive equal honor.
Kinfolk characters do receive Matre dice for parenting true
Mokolé, although they do not have full awareness of their
Marre; they call on it instinctively rather than consciously.
Mokolé court and arrange matches carefully using Brood
Kenning, so that happiness and many children will result:
romantic love matches are unusual. Kin also aid in Mokolé
clutch business, often organized by the Decorated Suns. Ina
gather, they speak when there isa matter that concerns them.
Human Kin jokingly call themselves the "Eighth Sun."

Mokolé Kiniseldommanifest Gnosis, and like all shapeshifter
Kin, they'can never have Rage. A very small number of Kin do
manifest first-level Gifts, and a similar few Awaken as mages,
usually Orphans'or members of the tropical crafts such as the
Bata'a or the Kopa Loei. Mage or Gifted Kin are often admitted
to full membershipinaclutch and called bya Sun Auspice, astrue
Mokolé are. As the number of true Mokolé drops, using Kin to
fill up a clutch has become more and more accepted.

Kin do not undergo the Rite of Passage and do not have
true Mnesis. The memories are latent within them, though,
and Kin with Gnosis may have the occasional dreams or visions
of ancestral memories at the Storyteller's discretion. Kinfolk
are also responsible for the Mokolé alligator farms of the
American South. Unlike other, more conventional gator
farms, these aren't sources of food or skins. They are wallows of
refuge for homid and suchid alike. Kin alligators are matched
to produce true Mokolé, while non-Kin are raised for "wilder-
ness reclamation" or to stock zoos. Human visitors are encour-
aged to see the alligator show for a fee — it rarely includes true
Mokolé performing elaborate tricks. Notably, the American
alligator has increased in number from a few hundred to over
one million through human and Mokolé intervention. Of
course, the Midnight Suns say that these are actually "human
farms" where gators lounge at their ease while scurrying two-
legs feed them. At some, true Mokolé are present as guides, but
none has managed a complete clutch. Traditional Mokolé
elders fret and fume that such places are no better than prisons
and that no good will come of them. They may be right: at least
one "farmboy" has fallen to the Dissolver and risen to a place
of power among the Dissolver's human support network.

44

Mokolé

Stereotypes

It has been related that dogs drink at the River Nile running
along, that they may not be seized by the crocodiles.

— Phaedrus, Fables

"What do we — I mean, you —I mean... Uh, what do
Mokolé think of the other kinds of creatures? Do all of them
hate each other?"

Jeffo pondered — accessing the Memory, Peter won-
dered? "Not like y'might think. Mostly it's just that the
wolves don't like us. But take, fr instance, the...

Ananasi

"They're some freaky people, no foolin'. The Mokolé-
mbembe who came asa Wanderer to Scales-of-Many-Colors
told us about them. Spiders who drink blood. They do the
dirty work of Maker, Unmaker, Shaper, you name it. I never
met one, that I know of, and-don't know that I'd want to.

Bastet

"The Catskins, now, they'll deal. with anybody. Just
about. Moon-children, like me. You-wolf-types useta' fight
‘em. But they like the hotlands, like us, so we help them, and
they us. Specially in the Amazon—"

"Yes, | met: two when I was down there with the Ghost
Raptors. Cat who walks :by himself, kind of. But they took
everything in —- nothing got past them."

"The Eyes of the Mother, innit? They used to pass it all
on to us, till all that got buggered up good'n'proper. But
today—" Was Jeffo the only Mokolé who knew that word?
How many Mokolé knew what a centurywas, let alone which
one they weré.in?"—they help us when they can, we help
them. Not much talking, though. We should do more of that."

"I guess we all should: Yousaid Mokolé were related to the..."

Corax

"Sun's own, eggs: But they gave up The Memory, ‘cept
a few little tricks like that eye-plucking rubbish. Got t'be
Her postmen instead. Don't think I'd fancy that."

"The Ravens — Jeffo, you might know. Did they really
used to be white?"

"In the Memory, I saw a white one, a long time ago.
Long, long time ago. But it doesn't prove that all ravens are
black, just because y' never-saw a white one, now does it?
The Ravens are friendly enough, but not many of 'em left,
and most live where it's too damn cold. The Mother's parts

yo"

are severed — it's part o' why She's dyin'...

Gurahl

"and no oné to help her. Things were different then.
There used to be bear-men.. Women.too. They were the first
changers since the Age of Sleep. They could heal anything,
even dead people. They say that — I don't remember it. But

ALE PT TR etalon //,


SAGA

they could heal the Mother too. We taught them a lot —
how to sleep like Dragon, how to use herbs, all that."
"What happened?"
"Wolves killed 'em all. Ifthere's any left, they're way up
north out of sight. Hope there's a few. Mother damn well
could use 'em." :

Yagah

"The moot | wasat, where I talked about the Dragon Breed-
there was another Garou present, Gere Hunts-the-Hunters. He
talked about some things that sounded like Mokolé — snake
people. They were all dead, though. I mean, are they?"

"The last we heard, not many left. They were Mokolé —
Makara, really, in India. They made.adeal with the Mother.
They would give up the Memory if She let them enforce Her
laws. Not something that makes y' real popular, follow me?
The clutch of Towers-Above-The-Kings met one. Maybe she
was the last. We remember the Camazotz dying, the Grondr
and the Apis, but don't remember the Nagah dying. Maybe
there's a few left, but they're not talking."

"There are other shapeshifters too. What about the..."

Ratkin

"Small mouthfuls. Look, all:nammals used to be that
small. The rat-folk at least stayed that way. I've never met
one, but they don't seem to like us much. I don't know that
they like anybody. If they arethe keepers of man, they're not
doing a good job. We get along better with the..."

Rokea

"Friend to the Undertow, y'know? They cull stupid
humans; so do we."

"Damnation! The were-sharks! I knew a warrior once
who met one. What are they really like?"

"I know them only from The Memory, but we do talk
from time to time. They live long, hundreds of years, or
thousands, so sometimes one knows-us.from' before. We
remember him. There ateclutches that kne
for centuries. What are they like? Cold,
They love the Ocean, that much
information: where reefs open, where the hunting is good,
safe waters for breeding. Who knows what else is under
there? Could be anything."

"Anything? There are a lot of other weird creatures in
the world, I know. Ever meet a vampire?"

Kindred

"Stalkers of the night! Easy enough to step on them.
You think you hate those things? Imagine how we feel. The
blood-devils are destroyed when they see Sun's face. I hear
that there are a lot of different kinds of them. Those who
serve Set are the worst. They took Egypt away from us and
destroyed it. From Kin I hear that the blood-devils fight each
other. Maybe they'll kill each other. That would be good."

Mages

"There are different kinds of witches and spook-men too.
The Bata'aare friends to our Mokolé-mbembe cousins in Africa
and America. The mob knows another kind called
Dreamspeakers. They have some honor; many are Kin. In Khem
there were some cunning men called Hem-ka Sobk a long time
ago. They worshipped Sobek, Crocodile spirit of the Nile, and
were good to us. Of the rest we know little. Don't they destroy
Garou wallows? Then they're not all bad. Oh... sorry, Peter."

"Tt's okay. I know Garou have done a lot of bad stuff to you."

"No. Youaren't the only ones at fault. We both fought in
the Wars of Rage. We both have to fight to make peace. Not
just fighting our own people when they want to keep up old
grudges, but fighting ourselves, when our rage tries to control
us. Fighting to become more than we are. It isn't easy."

For the first time Peter saw how difficult and scary this
must have been for Jeffo's mob. Garou were slaughterers,
squatters, killers of Bunyip and Gumagan. How many wal-
lows would have invited a Garou to visit them? To become
one of them? How many Garou had been offered the chance
to see themselves as others saw them? That alone was
priceless. He was grateful. He had to try.

Mummies

"But in Egypt the Memory tells us about another kind of
immortal, women and men whose bodies died, but who kept
coming back. Guards-the-Path is like that. He dies, but lives again."

"What, like ‘The Mummy's Curse'?"

"Yeah. Mummies and such. Made em by magic, so
they'd never die. We know it worked. The Memory sees 'em.
They like us because everyone else has forgot the world they
lived in. So every so often they'll seek us out fora chat. One
came to see us about fifty years ago, Morwangu told me,
name of Psammtik, something like that. The old chap was
just full of gossip about Hatshepsut's sex lite. Kept Morwangu
jawing all night, he did. Wonderful conversation."

"What are they like, then? Like vampires?"

"No, not at all — well, most of em. Got some odd Gifts
and rites, but they don't eat people, drink blood, all that rot.
Rather weird, so we heard. When I see them in the Memory,
they're right sad. Can't die, and their world is gone. Fight
each other, I'd think. It's all they have left."

"Most of 'em... and the others?"

"Well, there's some as is worse. Time ate 'em, they fell
to the Dissolver. They're name-eaters, memory-eaters. Or
they were. If any are still around, I don't know. Nasty old
rotters. Run if you meet one."

Wraiths

"What about real ghosts? Have you met any?"
"Real as your hand, mate. Buggers what die bad don't
stay in the ground, that's all."

"But Garou who die, they don't become ghosts. I mean,
do they?"

Noonday: Us 45

[fA OE Ds  T

|


"Whole mob o' wolf ghosts, Pete! The Bunyip, don't The Noonday Sun says Let No Shade Accuse You. At
y'know? Whitefella killed 'em and they didn't stay dead. _—_all costs, avoid breeding with other Mokolé. When judging,
Makes the Shadow scary as hell! They don't bother us,'coz _judge fairly. When making war, remember the death that it
we got along fine before you came. But I saw a whitefella brings. Accept a surrender when you can. There are not
wolfie torn to pieces, and the pieces, theyjust keptscreamin." ; enough Mokolé left to waste. Moderation is the way to bring

"Don't Mokolé have a harder time entering the _. justice to Mokolé society.

Shadow, though?" - Reality: Mokolé seldom breed with other Mokolé, and
regret it when they do because of the Innocents, who harry
Mokolé in the Umbra. Mating rites ensure that Mokolé
partners. Mokolé often deal leniently with
ties, as so few Mokolé remain that the
would only weaken Sun's children

another Mokolé, the brat always dies, and dies bad, r
They don't leave us alone, either." Jeffo shuddered
ing in the blazing sun. "Maybe the other gho
ones, take care of ours. I hope so."

Changelings

"There's other odds an' sods out there too. Some callin':
‘emselveseshu. Blackfellas from Africa. Good enough blok
Like to visit Gathers for the party. They have lots of good
stories, all full of knights, princes and castles. Maybe it's:&
true, somewhere. | wouldn't know."

The (Duties

For when you have done this, you will see a youthful god,
beautiful in appearance, with fiery hair, and in a white tunic and
ascarlet cloak, and wearing afier crown. 1. Atonce greet him with
the fire-greeting.

1 protection. The laws of sanctuary
ey. Likewise, respectanother wallow's
ding the wallows of Nagah and
‘away. Setting Sunsneverask how

rror. Warding Mokolé have

Gaia dies, non-Mokolé

erely fighting isn't enough,
anage things like acquiring
d status for their reptile Kin.
mmonly acceptedas it becomes
kolé need help just to survive.
unished by death. Unlike the
ding a relative's sickness, rather
d sick can be tended more easily
il with a wolfpack.
s The Veil Must Not Be Lifted.
lé's survival, and their existence
wise, the lore of Mnesis is for those
e kept for its rightful owners.
ium helps out a lot here. As the

The Sun has given his C
personal imperatives by which to live their li
Duties, these are the Mokol€ precursor to t

Each Duty is connected:
Mokolé are bound by them
reprimands, loss of status, ang
offenders are eaten. The Unsha
even Midnight Suns will chastises
who have reached their First Ch:
are sometimes seduced by the Dissolvet. These Mokollé, i
Fall to the Dissolver, lose solar Gifts amd Mnesis. Someti
they return to the Rite of Passage and est monstrous,

Garou, the Mokolé enfo
than forbidding it. The h

in the wallow than on t

alone (lost hatchli

The Veil ensures the
must be kept secret. Li
who can use it, and i

Reality: The

the Sun and seek darkness, often after descending i into drug

to recapture the dreaming. Usually.other Mokolé hunt okolé drop in nurgier, even the other shapeshifters begin
and kill these monsters before it is tod believe that they' fextinct. In most chronicles, a non-
The Rising Sun says Cull the Fall okolé charactet.ywilfheed Mokolé Lore even to know that

Sun says Test the Clutch. The trick-
at other Mokolé don't. They prepare their
clutchmates for the unexpected by being it themselves.

Reality: Mokolé can't keep killing humans, or so many Many tales mention the elaborate practical jokes and teach-
reptile Kin will be killed in return that more Mokolé can't "| ing pranks of the No-Suns. There are tales, dances and
be born. Garou, thinking that the Mokolé themselves are shapeshifting plays that convey the wisdom of the Midnight
Dissolver-spawn, have slain so many of the Dragon Breed Sums in a way that everyone can understand and enjoy.
that missions against the Dissolver are rare. The Mokolé Reality: The Shining perform their function gladly, to
have enough problems of their own. the chagrin of their clutchmates.

and Gaia- wrecking humans are fair game.
this Duty is the obligation to avoid unlawful prey.
Mokolé do not hunt Garou or other shapeshifters wanton

Mokolé
(a

ASA ©


The Decorated Sun says All Are Of Gaia. Know that
Kinfolk, humans, reptiles, and other Awakened are here for a
reason. You have a place, and so do they. Respect the Crown-
ing, listen to the Concealing, follow the Gathering. Leaders
may be questioned, but authority does not come from winning
a fight. Honor the Eighth Sun, who enable the Mokolé to
survive. Make sure that all resources, including food, are
distributed fairly and in proportion. Heal the sick, help the
wounded, allow the dying spirit to pass on into Gaia's Memory.

Reality: The Mokolé do not understand why many
Garou treat their Kinfolk so brutally. Mokolé are much more
concerned with having children than the Garou, but their
attitude is that mating is there to be enjoyed. The Zhong
Lung are the most dedicated to the "play of clouds and rain,"
and have made endless "pillow books" and "springtime
pictures" about the art of love. Both same-sex and opposite-
sex love have their places in Mokolé society, although
opposite-sex Mokolé couples must not exist.

The decimation of the Mokolé in the Wars of Rage
means that the old hierarchies are gone. Few clutches have
a Crowning, and many Mokolé are without a clutch at all —
they are born to ‘clutches' of Kinfolk who wait lifetimes for
a true Mokolé to come.

Food and money were distributed more equally in the old
days when human Kin were tribal. Nowadays, as social
inequality worsens in the tropical nations where they live,
observance of this Duty is fading. Mnesis helps a great deal in
making this Duty real, however. Mokolé know the pain of
childbirth, the bite of hunger, and the lash of slavery. Almost
all Mokolé have Mnesis from members of the opposite sex,
from humans and reptiles. This makes them unusually under-
standing (as residents of the World of Darkness go).

The Eclipsed Sun says Remember. Sun made you
Mokolé for a reason. You are part of the Memory of Gaia.
Don't forget this.

Reality: Many Mokolé are too busy fighting for their
lives to worry about Gaia's great plan. However, their mere
existence and the perpetuation of the Dragon Breed are
enough to assure that Gaia has a Memory.

Mokolé Names

Suchid Mokolé have deed names, similar to those of the
Garou. Names can be simple or complicated and can be
earthy or very religious. Examples include Moss, the guardian
of the Dismal Swamp, Stands Against The Tide, a warrior
from Indonesia, and Winter Cannot Conquer Him, leader of
the Mokolé clutch in Detroit. Names can also refer to
ancestors or describe the Mokolé ("Cinnamon-In-His-Light').

Homids have a name appropriate for the land of their
birth, and usually end up taking a Mokolé name at their First
Change. Often they keep their human name for all but the
most formal functions, as human names sound silly in the
Dragon's Tongue. For gathers and courts, a Mokolé intro-
duces herself by name, clutch and sun auspice.

The Mandates of Earth

The Mokolé of the East, the Makara and Zhong Lung,
adhere to the Mandates of the Emerald Mother, the
hengeyokai law. These rules are somewhat different from
the Duties, but are based on the same principles.

Shirk Not The Tasks Which Have Been Given You

The Dragon Breed are the Mother's Memory and may
not forget "all that's past." Their special powers are their
compensation, and they should not desert the Way to live
as an ordinary human or reptile. This rule does allow for
different kinds of service, however — as long.as they're
taken in addition to rather than instead of the Memory.

Guard The Wheel, That It May Turn In Fullness

The hengeyokai, half human and half beast, are by their
very nature keepers of the Balance. They must aid and abet
the progression of the Mother through the ages of time, even
if forward motion brings them and their Kin more death and
sorrow. Some dragons have studied Marxism and found its
belief in a future "workers' paradise" to resemble the proph-
ecy of the Twelfth Age, when Heaven and Earth will again
be in harmony. However,neither utopia is anywhere in sight.

Honor Your Territory In All Things

This Mandate means guarding territory, and requires
respect for the land and its creatures, including Kin. The
Makara and Zhong Lung both cherish human and reptile
Kin and work closely with them. With Kinfolk help, they
also work to keep up the flows of earth-energy.

Let Mercy Guide You In Our August Mother's Court

Eastern Mokolé must abstain from killing allies or
potential allies, especially other hengeyokai. However,
other Awakened are not protected by this. Mandate.

Honor Your Ancestors And Your Elders

The Zhong Lung and Makara are the most reverent of
all the hengeyokai toward those who have gone before.
Mnesis is the reason. In fact; blind obedience to this rule has
made for inflexibility in their culture. Another result of this
duty is the reverence for:descendants. There must be
someone to live after you when you die; therefore, these
Mokolé surround breeding with great ritual and reverence.

Honor The Pacts With The Spirit World

This ordains that Mokolé must regularly perform rites
and ituals. As the bloodlines die off, the lineages of Mnesis
stretch.and break, and the Wall hardens, the Zarad and the
Sai Chaw are less able to do this. As a result, serious trouble
has come on the Breed.

War Not Upon Human Nor Beast

This forbids excessive hunting as well as fighting to
exterminate any nation or tribe. As the Mokolé are more
philosophers than fighters, this has never been difficult to obey.

Let No One Or Nothing Violate The Sacred Places

This simply means that wallows and dragon nests are
worth the lives of the Vasanta and Tung Chun who guard
them. However, any Mokolé would fight as-valiantly as the
Warriors when defending a sacred site.

Noonday: Us 47

[ fP OLE. Cs TT


And so I was led from a word to a word,
From a thought to another thought.
— The Havamel

Jeffo spoke. "I always knew | was Gumagan. Mum
talked about it to me, like anything else about us, like about
the Dreamtime. [ was about five when I knew she didn't talk
about it to anyone else but Morwangu. She didn't talk to the
welfare lady or the preacher."

"Yeah, I was like that. My mother, Cassandra, was a
Fury, and she raised me at the caern and [knew lots of Garou.
But we couldn't talk about it to anyone else. But a lot of
Garou are lost till they change. Their parents aren't know-
ing Kinfolk."

*Mokolé can't be like that. We have the Memory. Now,
y can be Mokolé but not know another. Some go their
whole lives like that. No clutch, sometimes just Kinfolk.
Sometimes Kinfolk keep the wallow long, hoping for a
Mokolé to be born. That's what happened to Wolaru's mob,
our mob. Morwangu was born when only one granny was left
who'd known Standing Stone and Wolaru."

"Wow. They remember that long, and keep everything
the same?"

"Even Kin are good at remembering. They don't have
The Memory, that's all. You never get it till you get the
djunggawon, the man-making."

Afternoon: Dragon Making

[fF OPEL OP, ET YO

"What's that?"

"When I first became my dragon-self."

"Was that your First Change? Or whatever you call it?"

"Not the Change that's the big deal — it's dreaming it.
I was, oh, I guess, thirteen or fourteen. Gone walkabout
downto Jabirru with me mates and felt a shakin'. Morwangu
wasn't anywhere near, so I told 'em to go on, an' laid down
with some water."

Jeffo's eyes were bright, focused on the Was. "Next
thing, | was crawling across a mudflat, cold as a squatters
heart. Had to find food, but I could barely move. Then Lord
Sun showed His face on the land. I turned my side to him,
and the crest on my back drank His light. Soon I was
moving, fastest thing on the block. | took a greatfrog who
was barely awake — it tasted really good."

"I woke warm in the desert, staring up at thousands of
stars. There was a power in me that I had never felt before.
I could reach back with my mind, through life upon life, time
upon time. I was greater than myself. I was Mokolé. Morwangu
found me at moonset, and then he started teaching me the
old ways. It's been a long road."


Children of the Sun —
Aspects

Sun laid nine eggs
rock, cloud, water, sand, great, rings, wind, blue, snow
Water laid nine eggs

Garou society, repeatedly aeting outside one's auspice. 5

considered inappropriate and disrespectful.

The Rising Sun — "Striking"

These are Mokolé born between the reddening of d

eastern sky and noon. Striking Mokolé are the soldiers,

hunters, explorers, seekers and doers of the new in Mokolé
society. Often they are the only Mokolé who interest them-
selves in the present. They joke that the sky reddens with
the blood of their foes. Throt ‘out their lives they gain an
extra die to their initi
Beginning Willpow.
Steretoypes:
¢ Unshading: Our reaches of the law.
maybe too strict. .
¢ Warding: Hold the fort. I'll be back
I hope.
* Concealing: How does that work? What do you

mean, no one knows? Can | lear? my did you see this? Ney

really, try it..
. Shining: They have some 2 hazy ideas. Some of t
are so crazy that they actually work.

* Gathering: Busybodies! | wish, they'd listen to ned a

ideas when we have them. They can get you help when you
need it, though.

* Crowning: Listen to me!J am trying to help. te I
don't care how you did it in the Ice Bae The past is over —
this is a new time.

Quote: Oh, do not fear, little one. T:
ions for our deaths.

— Teeth-Of-The-Kings, Striking for the clutch of

Scales of Many Colors

The Yoonday Sun — "Unshading'

These Mokolé come into the world while the sun is
high in the sky. The shadowless are the police, judges,
and enforcers of the Duties. They apply the laws of Sun,

ZA scum, worms, weeds, fish, frogs, us, Kings, wombs, man

Who laid Sun? . oT
— Mokolé riddle —
The Mokolé revere Sun as the giver of life and sour

of heat for their bodies. As such, thi determines the - :

identity of a Mokolé. The Mokok ‘mbembe and Gumagan.

recognize seven solar auspices; each aspect providesa special

advantage ("sun dice") to those ‘born under it. Just as in.

Mokolé

A YT a

and enforce the will of the Crowned. These Mokolé may
subtract one die from the dice pool of any foe related to
the dark (including vampires, fomori, Black Spirals,
Spectres, Nephandi mages and Banes). They may do
this once per scene, and may only affect one dice pool at
atime. Of all the auspices, this one has lost the fewest
members to the Dissolver.

Beginning Willpower: 5

Stereotypes:

as Striking: impetuous. They are forever rushing head-

long into. their silly "new" ideas. Mnesis shows that there is
nothing: new and the Duties tell us how to live. That is what
istight. oe

° Warding: How a warrior should act: sturdy defenders
of the clutch and wallow.

| © Concealing: Their mysteries have an appropriate
place. They can be useful at the proper time.

¢ Shining: Annoying tricksters! I do not care for their

4 foolish pranks.

_# Gathering: Excellent for seeing that the right course
of action is carried out. They leave me much time to study
the Law and advise the Eclipsed Sun.

© Crowning: Givers of orders, they are in turn given
orders by Sun.

- Quote: You think thatthe darkness will hide your actions,
but: I have eyes of Sun and ean see You wherever you cower.
ee Giant Footsteps, ‘Unshading the clutch of Great
Bayou Mother :

The Setting Sun "Warding'

: These Mokolé are born while the Sun descends, before

the sky darkens. Wardingare the guards, nurses, healers and

caretakers of children. Warding add an extra die to their
dice pools when they defend others, retreat or follow specific
orders. They say that the Sun reddens the sky with the blood
that they shed to defend their people.

Beginning Willpower: 3

Stereotypes:

¢ Striking: They are great in battle. That is good.

* Unshading: The No-Nights tell us what to do.

_ Sometimes the Sun blinds them to what is, though.

* Concealing: How can you follow something that no
one can see? Practi¢al matters are more important.

* Shining: They say many silly things. That's good,
because I need to laugh.
_ Gathering: They talk too much. But sometimes some

©. good comes of it.

* Crowning: Sun's chosen. Glad it's not me.

Quote: Lord Sun dies in blood, and so shall 1. But you shall
die first.

— Stands-Against-The-Tide, Warding the clutch of

Towers-Above-The-Kings.


The Shrouded Sun — "Concealing" © Warding: The Darkness will come, whatever you do.

So praise it also.

© Concealing: Clouds hide the Sun from you, but Gaia
hides Him from us.

¢ Gathering: Here, hold this.... (sputtering noise fol-
lowed by explosion)

Concealing Mokolé are born while the Sun is clouded.
The Concealing gain an extra die on Stealth rolls or when
they camouflage anything. The Concealing are the mystics,
teachers of spirit lore, and knowers of secrets in Mokolé
society. They are most skilled at magic or Gifts and are subtle
hunters. Many have the Merit: Spirit Magnet or are medi-
ums, allowing friendly spirits to possess them for the ben
efits. They are known to associate with humz
more freely than does any other Mokolé

* Crowning: Give us no orders and we must obey;
command us and we have to undermine your authority.
Nothing personal.

‘Quote: ‘Maggots from meat, weevils from rye
Drag from stars in an empty sky...
rkgleb the Black, Shining the clutch of Million-

Beginning Willpower: 4
Stereotypes:
* Striking: The Rising Suns.ar Ssh and hotheade
There is more to Sun than His heat.
¢ Unshading: They judgeand conderan too freely. Sun
is no tyrant.
* Warding: These stalwarts Kiev too much suffering ~
and loss. Sun sinks, but He does go that He may rise.
¢ Shining: They see the great tnystery: sometimes light
is darkness.
* Gathering: How oftett io sundogs shine?
* Crowning: There is more than one way for Darkness

to cover Sun's face. :
Quote: You who look into darkness, know that there are
also mysteries in lighty
— Coils Within Co:

The Midnight Su

The Mokolé born wh
Shining. Lovers of contradietion
see humor ina solar auspice without any sun. They
on an extra die when they are faced with hope
They are guides of the dead, tticksters, and mythmakers,
well as the jokers, artists and poets of the Dragon Breed

Mokolé born at night divide.themselves into t
groups. The Night-Suns are born under Luna, and
about moon auspices, or seek Gifts of the moon, saying
she is the Sun of the Night. Of course, they do
difficulties finding moon creatures to teach them Gifts. The
Many- Suns are born under the stars, and. say, "Every stat
asun." Therefore they claim to béthousands of times mm
blessed than Mokolé born in daylight: They say that the
are as many paths to truth as suns, and ofte i
for their crazy ideas. The No-Suns are
lightless sky, and are the most mysterious of
"Sometimes light is darkness." They draw wisdom from the
empty spaces between the stars. The Unshading fear that
they may fall to the Dissolver because of this.

special blessing follows the Mokolé who are born
while the Sun is accompanied by "sundogs," the rings, rays
or flares of light surrounding His Face. The Gathering are
thematchmakers, organizers, and coordinators of the Mokolé.
The Crowning may reign, but the Gathering get things
e, as Mokolé say. They are workers, listmakers and
dies. They ee extra die to dice pools when

Warding: Our weedons and foster parents. The
ice of our future.

_ called

‘Concealing: If they would explain their "mysteries"
€ clearly then they would be more useful.

° Crowning: The ordained tulers. The less they actu-
ally do, the smoother things usually run.

Quote: Even a dragon cannot do everything alone.

— Cinnamon-In-His-Light, Gathering the clutch of
Towers-Above-The-Kings.

Solar Eclipse — "Crowning"

Those born when Sun is eclipsed are the ruler-priests of
Mokolé society. Mokolé mothers sometimes try to use the
Rite of the Nesting. Mound to bring their eggs to term while
neclipse isin progress. The Crowning are rare creatures; all
lé defer to them. However, they usually look to
sncealing for advice and the Gathering for know-how.
.Tyrants among the Mokolé end up without followers.

There are four types of eclipses and therefore four types

Beginning Willpower: 4 of Crowning Mokolé. A total eclipse is the birthday of the

Stereotypes: Jewel-Crowned, who are priest-kings. They lead the wor-

© Striking: Hey, ya hear this one? Two Mokolé walk ship of Sun and proclaim His prophecies. They get one extra
into a wallow, see... die to apply anywhere the sun shines.

¢ Unshading: There is more than one Sun.

Afternoon: Dragon Making 51

OE LE LTD PT TE IS,


—_

The Crescent-Crowned are born in a partial eclipse.
These are warrior kings who lead Mokolé and Kin into
battle. They are born slightly more often than their jeweled
siblings, but their occupation means that few of them live to
old age. They get one extra die to apply when making war.

The Ring-Crowned are born in annular eclipses, and
are the Unity Kings: they forge alliances between different
clutches, inspire their people to great-hearted deeds, and
amass treasures and wealth. They have an automatic extra
die when making connections between other creatures or
when working with their wealth (even suchids).

The Moon-Crowned are born in lunar eclipses and are
the backwards rascal kings of Mokolé society; they should well
be Shining, but law places them among the Crowning's ranks.
Their "reigns" are eruptions of loony policies, wild parties, and
deadly practical jokes; they are the kind of crazy hero whose
ideas end up saving the day. In the present dire straits of the
Mokolé, their weird stratagems might be necessary.

Beginning Willpower: 5

Stereotypes:

®* Striking: Cleanse our territory to the last Dissolver-
spawn and then tell me about what the next clutch is doing.

* Unshading: Find the kinslayers and bring them to me
for judgment.

* Warding: Keep an eye on the wallow. That's all L ask.

* Concealing: You can do what? Are you sure it's safe?

¢ Shining: (irritated ruffling of royal crest feathers)

¢ Gathering: Organize the Mnesis holdings, the food
warehouse, and the hatchlings' nursery and then report to me.

Quote: Sun be with you, and with us all.

~~ Malesi, Crowning the clutch of Towers-Above-
The-Kings

Breeds

Peter lay in the sun, reflecting that even with SPF 45,
this was going to give him the tan from hell. There was
something to be said for spending most of your time active
during the day.

"So, Jubati told me a long time ago that you guys can't
enter the Umbra like we can. What's the deal?"

"Oh, many of us can. All we have to do is remember you
doing it, you know. But there's a reason to stay right here."

Jeffo shuddered, which was strange to watch in a reptile.
"The Shadow is full of fear for us. Sun warned us long ago not
to make children with other Mokolé, or we we'd regret it.
But in the Wars of Rage, there was a Midnight Sun called
Night's Fire. The wolves caught her, tortured her for days
with brands of silver to get the location of her clutch." Peter
kept silent, horrified at the cruelty Garou were capable of,
and even more horrified that Jeffo hadn't heard this tale: He
had lived it. "Cut her to the bone, then clotted the wounds
with fire. She was called She Burns after that. She told them,
and her whole clutch died, her children with them."

The dinosaur took a deep breath, his sides heaving. "Then
they let her go, and she went mad to become a mother again.
She mated with another Mokolé. Their child died when she
first Changed. She Burns died too, by her own claws, but when
Light Between The Leaves, Concealing the Clutch of Hooark-
Oark, passed into the Shadow after that, She Burns' daughter
attacked him and he barely lived to see Sun's light. No-Face, he
named her. She was the first of The Innocents."

"Innocents? What are those?"

"The lost children. Born from Mokolé and Mokolé.
Sun sends them no dreaming, and they die, to haunt us
forever. They are hellish to see and deadly foes. Pray that you
never remember them." He shot away into the brilliant
outback. Peter turned over in the sun and wondered if he
would ever understand the Dragon Breed. Why would
dinosaurs be afraid of babies? These were some scary babies.
Maybe the Garou had it easy.

Breed Characteristics

As mentioned before, Mokolé have only two breeds;
their metis die before they are born. Homids, the human-
born, are at a distinct disadvantage in Mokolé society
because their awareness of their reptile side is mostly learned
rather than instinctual. Suchids make fun of them for their
ineptitude at hunting and swimming. Homid Mokolé begin
the game with 2 Gnosis.

Suchid Mokolé, those hatched from a reptile's egg, are
as limited as lupus Garou when it comes to purchasing
Abilities. They cannot purchase Drive, Etiquette, Firearms,
Computer, Law, Linguistics, Medicine, Politics or Science
with initial points, only with freebie points or experience.
Furthermore, they may not buy Resources, Allies, or Con-
tacts at character creation, save with freebie points (al-
though they're free to make friends and accumulate wealth
during the course of play). Their only Kinfolk are reptiles. In
the First Times, most Mokolé were suchid, but as reptile
species become endangered, homids have become as numer-
ous as suchids. Suchids begin play with 4 Gnosis.

Yew Abilities
Skills

Brood Kenning

Brood Kenning is the ability to match mates so as to
maximize the chance of a desired offspring, a happy union, or
some similar goal. If trying to maximize the chances of aMokolé
babe, the matchmaker observes her charges carefully, any-
where from a day toa month or more, and finally makes a Brood
Kenning roll (usually paired with Intelligence, Perception or
Wits at the Storyteller's discretion). The difficulty is typically
9, but can be reduced with extra observation. The number of
successes is added to the chance for a Mokolé offspring; a
particularly insightful and ridiculously lucky matchmaker could
thus increase the odds of breeding true up to 20%.

Mokolé

NN  .


~s

This skill can only be used once for any given couple, at
least when enhancing the odds of breeding true. It can also
be used to make matches that will wind up happy, or to
recognize the signs of hidden trysting (such as if two Mokolé
are secretly mating and might produce an Innocent). Brood
kenners are compensated and esteemed, whether they are
Mokolé or Kin. It is a common choice for Gathering.

° Youcan arrange blind dates that aren't total disasters.
ee Your clutchmates sneak off to you for romantic advice.
eee =$You patch up stormy, confused teenage relation-

ships on a regular basis.
eeee = [fyou'd been present in Verona, Romeo and Juliet
would have lived happily ever after.
eeeee Even the fiercest Crowning bows his head to you

and calls you "auntie."

Knowledges

Maieusis

Originated by Greek and Egyptian philosophers, the rare
skill of Maieusis enables a practitioner to bring out memories
lost in the recesses of another's soul. Called "the midwife's
art," it involves questions, ritual dialogue and the pronuncia-
tion of syllables whose meaning is obscure. The player must
specify how many levels of Mnesis he wishes to evoke in the
subject, or how many memories he wishes the subject to
recall, and the two participants must speak the same language
(usually the Dragon's Tongue). The subject must have the
Mnesis to do this, or the potential to remember the subjects
involved. The practitioner must spend a number of hours
equal to the level of Mnesis desired to call out the memory,
then make a Manipulation + Maieusis roll. The difficulty is 6
for ordinary memories, 7 for Mnesis, and 8 for difficult or
obscure subjects. For each success, one memory is recalled.

Maieusis is a daring art. Memories long forgotten can
emerge, and a soul be made anew. The Unshading some-
times send lawbreakers to receive the midwife's art rather
than die, hoping that their memories will contain enough
tighteousness to return them to good. It is said that the
Fallen have been overcome with grief when subjected to
Maieusis, realizing the horrors that they have become, and
have died voluntarily in their remorse.

. You can remind your partner of that night in Rio.
oe You can bring new insight to people.
eee You are known as a lover of wisdom.

@eee = You are revered as a teacher/counselor.

eeeee Watch out for the hemlock...

Mnesis Emulation

This strange knowledge may be learned only by Mokolé.
It enables a Mokolé to "learn" almost any skill or knowledge
that could have been known to an ancestor.

The Mokolé must meditate on the ability desired and
enter a Mnesis trance. The trance is usually not long —

perhaps one night. Finally, she makes a Mnesis + Mnesis
Emulation roll, difficulty 7. For every two successes, the seeker
gains a dot in the given Ability for one day (rounding up); she
may spend dots to increase the duration, however. For in-
stance, five successes could give her a skill of 3 for one day or
a skill of | for three days. Mnesis Emulation cannot grant any
supernatural abilities (such as Gifts, rites or powers of other
Awakened creatures). For example, a Mokolé may use Mnesis
Emulation to learn the language of the Bastet, but would not
be able to turn into a cat even if she had a Bastet ancestor.

° You can call up a hint of memory.

ee You can usually see the right place and time.
oes You have something to say to everyone.
@eee You are at home everywhere.

eeeee Youcan imitate anyone who has ever lived.

Saurimancy

The giant reptiles of the world, because of their profoundly
different thought processes, have always fascinated humans. The
slither of alligators and the chirping of lizards have for ages been
thought to hold mystic insights. This skill, the art of saurian
divination, allows Kin and Mokolé to divine the future or the will
of Sun from saurian omens. It is most common among Kin in
India. The diviner must listen to lizards chirping at dusk, meditate
on the tracks of crocodiles, or use a similar method. For each day
that she spends in such study, she may make a Perception +
Saurimancy rating roll, difficulty 7. For each success, she may gain
one "insight" of the Storyteller's choice. The omen may be vague
or quite clear, as the Storyteller thinks appropriate.

. You heard a lizard once.
oe You knew when Father had died.
eee You know tomorrow's weather.

ee#e = You are a famous fortuneteller.

eeeee The alligators tell all.

B ackgrounds

Mokolé characters gain the same five points in Back-
grounds as do all other Werewolf characters. They may not
purchase Past Life or mammal totems at character creation.
In addition, many Mokolé have at least a dot in Mnesis, the
Background of their racial memory.

Mnesis
One of the most important traits of the Mokolé as a
trace, Mnesis is the Memory — the racial memory that

stretches back to the birth of the Dragon Breed. This
Background determines how far back a Mokolé may remem-
ber on a Mnesis quest.

° A century or so

ee A millennium or so

eee The Impergium and the beginning of human civilization
eeee Up until the Last Times

eeese The time of the Dinosaur Kings

Afternoon: Dragon Making 53

PLL ET DL TR re ieley /,


Mnesis can actually vary from stream to stream; the
differences are listed in the previous chapter. When remem-
bering, a Mokolé can remember only what an ancestor of his
might have seen or done, and gather a vague impression of
what that ancestor might have felt about the events wit-
nessed. Further details on Mnesis questing are given in the
Sunset chapter.

Wallow

You have ties to a Mokolé wallow, one with some
history and other Mokolé residents. If you are a homid,
this may be a village, rural homestead, or isolated
island such as Komodo. If you are a suchid, it may be an
ancient temple, jungle swamp, 200 or gator farm. Any
Allies, Contacts or Kinfolk you may have likely live at
the wallow.

The wallow is a place where you can meditate to regain
Gnosis in Sun's light, hold gathers and perform rites. You
may live there all the time; of course; if you don't have
Resources, your home might not be very.

° A poor wallow. One Mokolé

ny of the benefits and disadvan-
tages common t63 Changing Breeds, as well as some
characteristics uniquely their own. They are a powerful
bunch, to be sure, but the gifts of Dragon and Sun combined
give them even more flexibility, even as they hinder the
Mokolé in other ways.

Regeneration

Mokolé regenerate as do Garou, healing back a health
level every curn unless the damage is aggravated; to do this
in combat or during other heavy exertion requires a Stamina
roll, difficulty 8. Like Garou, they can return from below
Incapacitated with a Rage roll; like Garou, they also run the
tisk of gaining battle scars. They cannot be harmed by any
disease that isn't supernatural.

The Umbra

Mokolé, like several other Changing Breeds, cannot
step sideways without assistance. They must learn a particu-
lar Gift to be able to enter the Umbra on their own. When
they do travel the Umbra, they most often use outside
assistance (such as pathways or rites) to visit the High
Umbra rather than the Middle Umbra. For more informa-
tion, see the Sunset chapter.

The Mokolé

Rage and Gnosis

The Mokolé have as much Rage as any Garou, and use
it in much the same manner — they may frenzy, gain extra
actions, change forms instantly, recover from stunning, or
make Rage rolls to remain active when critically wounded.
They regain it in similar fashion, when angered or humili-
ated, or between stories as usual. Furthermore, Mokolé
regain Rage the first time that they see Sun during the day,
such as at sunrise. The amount recovered depends on how
bright Sun is.

Light Conditions Rage Regained
Sun is completely obscured by None
mountains, buildings, etc.; the
Mokoleé is indoors.
Sun's disc is hidden by clouds or is l
seen through windows.
Sun's disc is visible through clouds or fog. 2
Sun is low or dim. 3
Sun is bright. 4
5

1ey may not recover.their full Rave if the
d, or the stars aredim: No-Suns cannot see

of the season hen they first see the sun, but
recover Rage pi ot their season."

Mokolé may not regain ‘Gnosis when cut off from the
sun, save when sleeping the Sleep of the Dragon. The less
Sun is visible, the more time Mokolé must spend meditating
in his Light. Naturally, Mokolé are usually uncomfortable in
cities, unless they are in the tropics. They regain Gnosis in
the typical fashion of meditation (which they must do while
basking in sunlight) or by bargaining with spirits, and may
regain Gnosis between stories as usual.

The Dragon's Tongue

All Mokolé inherit knowledge of the language of Dragon
even if they have no other Mnesis, unless they have the
Flaw: Speechless. The Dragon's Tongue was the common
language of the Earth in the time of the Kings, and all the
Awakened of that era spoke it. Most could read and write its
elaborate script as well. Many old-fashioned Mokolé refer to
itas "the Speech" and will refuse to admit that "rat's chitter"
is capable of fluent expression.

Mnesis brings knowledge of the Speech when a new
Mokolé dreams her shape. If the newly Changed one has
never heard the Dragon's Tongue, she will understand it but
be hesitant to speak until she has heard more. Expression is
idiomatic in the Dragon's Tongue, and figures of speech are
common. "She has dug her nest" means that someone has
made up her mind, while "to lash my tail" means to move

54 Mokolé

OAL ET LT ie //,

\nl

wa

towards a goal. The Speech can be written phonetically but
is more often written using the original claw-print script. In
classic tales, hand and body motions accompany the speech.
The Dragon's Tongue is also the language of Mokolé in
Archid, and even Suchid form allows some halting, primitive
converse in the Speech. Shrouded Sun adepts tell their
students that the original form of the language was as a dance.
The hand and body movements are called the Language of
Claws and must be learned separately. Someone who knows
this language can speak volumes without making a sound.
It's an arduous task to learn the Dragon's Tongue, and
only Mokolé Kin are likely to have the time and opportunity
to do so. A rare few Corax, Nagah, and Bastet allies have
managed to squeeze out some remedial knowledge of the
language, but almost none are fluent. The language is not
strictlyasecret, but it is difficult to understand. Add in the fact
that Mokolé themselves don't learn it, but know it through
Mnesis, and the boosts in experience point costs for learning
the language (three times that of gaining another dot-in
Linguistics the usual way), even ifa Mokolé agrees to teach it.

Mokolé and Gold

So Cortes said, "Send me some of
companions suffer from ¢ a disease of the hear
only wath gold."

~~ Francisco Lope
de Mexico

Peter asked, "Silver hurts't e 2 Ga
Moon's children..." feeling a twinig
that wasn ‘ta secret the tr

._ but what a
too, are you?"
Jeffo took another pull on the cane spirit and offered Peter the
flask. Peter declined; the stuff was too strong and foul for his
taste. "Well, I'ma Midnight Sun. I was born in the darkness, so
I'm a Moon-child too. So is Feathered Thunder. It's why we talk
to you —~ we're all crary and do everything backwards. But you
asked about silver. Silver burns us like it does you; the Rage opens
us to it, I suppose. But gold does too."

"Gold? You mean someone with, like, gold bullets or a
golden klaive?"

"Yes. The People are Sun's children — even me. So we can
be hurt or killed by gold. But the joke's on the hunters. A Shadow
Lord conquistador once spent, musta been two million on ammo
and didn't kill one Mokolé — his fortune never recovered!"

Both gold and silver cause one level of aggravated damage
to Mokolé per turn of physical contact (save in Homid form, or
in Suchid if of suchid breed). Gold affects the Mokolé and their
kin the Corax because these two Breeds are children of the Sun.
However, the Mokolé born at night have maintained a tie
between the Dragon Breed and Luna; and at any rate, the
Mokolé are filled with Rage, called Luna's gift. Therefore
Mokolé are also vulnerable to silver. Garou can hunt Mokolé
with gold weapons while themselves unhurt by the gold.

Of course, this isn't exactly an open secret. Most non-
Mokolé and non-Corax have no idea of this vulnerability
whatsoever. What's more, gold doesn't have to be 24k to
harm the Dragon Breed, but gold-plated items don't do any
good. What strikes the Mokolé must be gold, and gold plate,
leaf, foil or "wash" doesn't do any more than make them itch
a little. Gold-plated weapons will lose their gold coating
after striking the scaly hide of a Mokolé, and do no damage.
Electrum is so impure that it is ineffective, just as it is useless
against silver-allergic creatures. Mokolé can be hurt by
punching them with a gold ring or by punching with gold
chains wrapped round one's fist, but something so small
could not possibly cause more than one health level of
damage no matter what. Gold weapons cannot be bought
anywhere and must be made by the hunter. Gold costs up to
$800-1000 an ounce, and a sword weighs at least 3 pounds
($48,000.00). In addition, the weapon will dull instantly
(half damage after each battle unless it is pounded back into
shape by a goldsmith) because gold is so soft. Note that any
goldsmith will be curious about why any one owns a golden

lets will therefore cost hundreds of dollars
meone can be found to make them
hey are gone. A drum of 43
it least, $8800.00 for the gold
. wealth of the Catholic Church
would suffice to hunt Mokolé for long. Mokolé are not hurt
by gold or silver when in their breed form and no Mokolé in
Homid form is hurt by either, although a weapon will do
normal damage. For each gold or silver item carried, 1 point
of the Gnosis pool is lost. For every five gold or silver items
carried by members of a clutch, each clurch member loses
one point of his Gnosis pool. Note that normal items of
jewelry (such as a ring) cost only one Gnosis for all the
jewelry worn. Unless the item is also a weapon or tool, it does
not count separately. If a Mokolé carries both gold and
silver, she suffers the Gnosis penalty only for one or the
other, not both.

Che Three Forms

Like their Corax relatives, Mokolé have only three forms;
really, it's all they need. The difficulty to shift into each form is
6, making shapeshifting rather easy; to go from Homid to
Suchid requires a mere two successes at an average difficulty.

¢ Homid: The Homid form is effectively indistinguish-
able from an ordinary human. The actual ethnicity depends
on the Mokolé's stream (see the Noonday chapter), but they
are almost always from warmer lands.

e Archid: The intermediary form of the Mokolé is a
shape taken from the dreaming, which comes at their Rite
of Passage. In this mystical experience, the Mokolé relives
the lives of her ancestors and her Archid form creates itself

Afternoon: Dragon Making 55

AEA TL TI ibe //_


from their body shapes. The Archid form usually resembles
a dinosaur or dragon, although there are pterosaur and sea-
serpent Mokolé. Of course, a Mokolé may have body parts
that in nature didn't occur on the same animal, such as
armor ona carnosaur — their forms are dreamed, not strictly
remembered. The Archid form causes the Delirium just as
does the Crinos form of the Garou, save in other Awakened
beings and Kinfolk. The Mokolé do not cause a lessened
Delirium — it is enforced in full.

When creating a Mokolé character, the player purchases
various Archid-form characteristics to represent the Dragon's
war form. This is done by taking the character's final Gnosis
score, and "spending" points to purchase characteristics; for
instance, a Makara with a final Gnosis of three could take three
Archid-form characteristics. Some of these characteristics, such
as Huge Size or Multiple Heads, may be purchased more than
once; the aforementioned Makara might choose to sink all three
Gnosis points into Huge Size, resulting in
an Archid form which isn't particularly
armored or armed,

but is certainly

immense.

In all cases, the Storyteller has final approval of the Archid form,
and may veto forms that seem silly, overly bizarre, or illogical.

@ Suchid: This is the reptilian breed form of the
Mokolé, which is drawn from one of the several varna.
Varna include alligators, crocodiles, and large lizards such as
Komodo dragons. The Rage of these varna is different,
because of their different body shapes: Mokolé say that the
Rage of Gila monsters is what makes their poison so strong.

The Halpatee varna represents common American
alligators and shares the same statistics as the Piasa (Ameri-
can crocodiles); running speed is halved in this form, and
swimming speed equals the Homid form's land speed. The
bite attack inflicts Strength + 3 damage.

The Ora are monitor lizards, anywhere from 4 to 12 feet
long. Their running speed is equal to human running speed,
and sprints at higher speeds are possible. They can swim at

negligible speed, and bite for Strength +1 damage.
The Unktehi are Gila monsters; they have only
half human running speed, and cannot swim.
Their bite inflicts
Strength -1 damage,

. AA

a 27 ae 2

Form Statistics

Archid Suchid (Halpatee/Piasa) Suchid (Ora) Suchid (Unktehi) Suchid (Karna/Champsa) Suchid (Gharial/Syrta). Suchid (Makara)
Su: +4 Stes4#20° Str: +0 Se:-1 Str +3 Str+l Str: +2
Dex:-1 Dex:-1—sdDex: +0 Dex: 40 Dex:-2 Dex: +0 Dex: -1
Sta +4 Stat3 Sta +2 Sta: +1 Sta: +3 Sta +2 Sta: +3
Man: -3 Man: «2 - ~— Man:-4 Man: 3 Man: -4 Man: +3 oe Man: -4
ApO ee le fos

Rage:4 Rage: 5 Rage: 5. Rage 2 Rage3 _~ Rage 4

but is poisonous and very painful; those bitten must make
Stamina rolls, difficulty 7 to resist the venom. If they fail, they
drop to the Wounded health level, and remain there until the
poison has run its course. Creatures smaller or larger than
human-size could alternately be killed by the venom, take less
damage or not be affected at all, at the Storyteller's discretion.

Both the Saltwater crocodile (Karna) and Nile croco-
dile (Champsa) share the same statistics. Running speed in
this form is halved, and the Mokolé cannot run continu-
ously for long, but swimming speed equals the Homid form's
land speed. These crocs can reach 20' in length or more.
Their bite attack inflicts Strength + 3 damage.

The gavial (Gharial), caiman (Syrta), and Chinese alliga-
tor varna also share the same statistics. The Makara (or mugger
crocodiles) are larger, but all four varna halve their running
speed in Suchid but swim as quickly as the Homid form's land
speed. All three varna bite for Stength + 2 damage.

Archid Form Characteristics

Can I hit people with my tail?
~~ Bob the Dinosaur,

Dilbert, by Scott Adams
Mokolé dream their

Archid form out of the

a ~ wae _
KA

ij =

Mnesis of their ancestors. The Archid form is the size of a
Crinos form werewolf unless the Mokolé dreams of Huge
Size or belongs to the Unktehi varna. All Mokolé have an
Archid-form bite and claw attack (both Strength + 2
damage, aggravated), unless they dream of the more vicious
Long Teeth and Terrible Claws. In the case of Mokolé with
beaks, flippers, or the like, bite or claw attacks may be
impossible.

The Archid form that a Mokolé dreams when coming of
age is hers for life: Gnosis bought through experience cannot
be used to buy extra appendages after the character is created.

¢ Air Sacs (Chuckwalla) — The Mokolé can "swell
up" with air until he is huge, frightening any creature who
does not know what is going on. All opponents who do not
have specific Mokolé knowledge react as if their Willpower
were one point lower for purposes of the Delirium Chart. In
addition, the Mokolé can wedge himself into tight places
and swell up, making it impossible for others to pass. He is
also unsinkable, even if he can't swim.

¢ Armor (Ankylosaurus) — Two extra soak dice
(three extra for 2 Gnosis points).

* Back Sail (Dimetrodon) — One extra die to soak
attacks from the rear; the character also gains the Merit:
Temperature Control at no extra cost, as the sail can be used
as a radiator fin or solar panel.

* Binocular Vision
(Troodon) — All sight-re-
lated Perception tasks are
av -2 abiticuiky:

» ¢ Color Change
(Chameleon) — The
difficulty to spot the hid-
den Mokolé rises by 1. This
) characteristic can be

; AY taken more than once, al-
Vi oe
a af f 27

tka
‘4
eS

though the difficulty to
spot the Archid-form
Mokolé can never go over 9.


¢ Contact Venom (Poison toad) — When
enraged, the Mokolé exudes poisonous ooze.
This venom causes paralysis to anyone who
touches or ingests it. The damage
dice pool is equal to the
Mokolé's Stamina, and is
soaked as if it were ag-
gravated damage.
Count — each
health level of
damage as 5
minutes of
complete pa-
ralysis. If reduced be-
low Incapacitated, the poi-
soned character will die unless somehow resuscitated. This
venom has the same effect when injected, although it loses
potency after a few minutes of exposure to open air (even so, the
Mokolé can always secrete more). Undead (mummies, vam-
pires, corporeal wraiths) are not paralyzed by this venom, but
lose one die to their dice pools for each "health level" they suffer.

eas ~\
a e< _ ~~

| xe

* Constricting Coils (Boa, Eastern dragon) Strength
+3 dice Immobilize maneuver; acaptured foe may be crushed
in the Mokolé's coils for one unsoakable health level of
damage per turn.

* Crop (Pigeon) —- The Mokolé has a sac for food
storage and can feed the ill, aged, or hatchlings with "crop
milk" regurgitated from
the crop. As much

food as the Mokolé
@ cares to eat can be
"MW stored in the crop
and brought back

ascrop milk.

* Deep Lung
(Mosasaurus) — This
allows the Mokolé to swim
underwater for up toanhour,
or hold her breath for up to
five minutes in combat.

* Disarticulating Jaw
(Snake) — The Mokolé's
jaw can dislocate, allow-
ing her to swallow any-

Mokolé

thing that can fit

into her stomach. She never

has to chew. A creature swallowed

alive has a number of turns equal to her
Stamina before she begins to suffocate. She may, of
course, try to escape, and if she is able to somehow
slash open the Mokolé's gullet (3 or more health
levels of aggravated damage), she can get loose
This form of eating is unnerving to watch.

* Dragon Masque (Dragon) — The Mokolé
has an awe-inspiring face in her Archid form,
similar to Dragon Himself. The Mokolé gains an
extra die when using Bellow, Dragonfear, or any
terror-inducing Gift or rite, if the targets can see her
face. Her opponents react to the Delirium chart as if
they were at -1 Willpower. When seeking the favor of
Dragon, the Wani or of any ancient reptile totem, the
Mokolé gains a -1 to Social difficulties.

¢ Duck Bill (Hadrosaurus) — Two extra dice of
Expression

* Extra Limbs (Dragon) —~ Must be purchased with
Sacral Plexus. The Mokolé has one extra limb per Gnosis
point spent. If she wants them to have claws, be useable as
hands, etc., she must buy these as separate characteristics.
This may be taken more than once, but Mokolé with too
many legs are looked at strangely by their peers: even
clutchmates may wonder about their devotion to Sun.

* Eye Cones (Chameleon) — The Mokolé's eyes are
mounted on movable cones; the Mokolé has a 360° field of
vision and can look in any direction without moving her

head. It is very difficult to sneak up on her.

* Feathers (Longisquama) — Effective Appearance 3
in Archid

* Fiery Pearl (dragon) — Three extra dice on Intimi-
dation rolls versus vampires, Kuei-jin, formori, and other
creatures of darkness. This pearl often appears in the Mokolé's
forehead or beneath his chin.

* Fins (Mosasaurus) —~- Doubles swimming speed

* Food Storage (Gila monster) — The Mokolé can
live for one season per point of Stamina without eating
anything. The storage may be fat sacs beneath the tail, a
hump (like a camel's), or an obese belly. The Mokolé must
gorge in order to refill her fat storage.

* Fur (Sordes) — The Mokolé can withstand cold
weather, including arctic regions.


* Gecko Pads
(Gecko) — Allows the Mokolé to climb
any surface within reason; the surface
must, of course, be able to
bear the Mokolé's weight.
The Mokolé must have feet

which can grip a smooth surface.
Cannot be taken with Huge Size.
* Gills (Sea serpent) —- The Mokolé can breathe water.
¢ Grasping Hands (Troodon) — The Archid form has
full Homid manual dexterity.
¢ Hard Skull (Pachycephalosaurus) — Three extra
dice to soak damage to the head, and three extra dice of
damage on head butt attacks (not cumulative with Horns).
* Hollow Bones (Pteranodon) — +3 to Dexterity for

purposes of movement, and the Mokolé can soar effortlessly
for hours if he has wings. However, his bones may break
more easily (Storyteller's discretion as to rule effects).

* Horn (Triceratops) — Strength +3 head butt (ag-
gravated)

¢ Huge Size (Apatosaurus) —One extra dotof Stamina,
and two extra damage dice to Body Slam or Overbear maneu-
vers. The Mokol€ is up to 20' longer per Gnosis point spent on
Huge Size, and gains weight in proportion to added size. This
can be taken more than once, and some Mokolé are up to 100°
long in Archid form. This also grants one additional Health
Level each time it is taken. It is not clear exactly how large a
Mokolé can be, but extremely large Mokolé cannot use
Stealth, sneak up on someone, hide, or walk on ordinary
floors. Taking this characteristic more than four or five times,
then, is asking for trouble.

* Jacobson's Organ (Snake) — May sense infrared
radiation, using a Perception roll to "see" in the dark. The
organ is located in the roof of the mouth.

¢ Long Neck (Diplodocus) — May grant bonuses to
Perception dice pools, depending on the situation. Also
allows the Mokolé to bite from a distance.

* Long Teeth (Tyrannosaurus) — Bite damage be-
comes Strength +3.

¢ Long Tongue (Chameleon) —- The Mokolé has an
tongue as long as her Archid body. It has a Strength
of 1, although for each extra point of
Gnosis spent on this trait, the
tongue's Strength is increased by 1.
The tongue is covered with
sticky goo and can

be used for feeding, picking things up, or for grabbing objects or
people. It has the same Dexterity as the Mokolé's Archid
form.
¢ Multiple Heads (Naga) — The Mokolé hasan
extra head in her Archid form for each point of
Gnosis she spends. This head does not add to Mental
Attributes. Any characteristics such as Long Teeth
or Horn must be purchased anew for each head. This
allows use of the Wishbone maneuver, and grants one
extra die per head for the purpose of splitting dice pools
for multiple bite attacks. In unusual circumstances, the
different heads of the Mokolé may demonstrate slightly
variant personalities — nobody knows why this is.

© Neck Frill (Triceratops) — Two extra soak dice
against frontal attacks.

e Nictating Membrane (Alligator) — The Mokolé
may see normally underwater.

® Poison Sacs (Snake/Gila) — May inject venom on
bite attacks (2 health levels of aggravated damage in addi-
tion to bite damage). This may be purchased more than once
(reflecting a more potent venom), adding a health level to
the damage inflicted each time. It is claimed that Nagah are
immune to this venom, and that some vampires actually
benefit from it. The truth is unknown. The Mokolé may
choose to specify that sacs are located elsewhere than his
mouth, and may dip his claws into them instead of biting to
inject the venom.

* Prehensile Tail (Snake) — The Mokolé may grasp
objects or people with her tail. The tail has as much Strength
and Dexterity as the Mokolé's other limbs. If bought with the
Sacral Plexus characteristic, the character may add the sacral
plexus dice to the tail's Attributes instead of other skills.

© Regeneration (Salamander) — The Mokolé may
spend a point of permanent Gnosis to regrow a lost body part
over a long period of time (at least several months, possibly
longer). The process is extremely painful, so much so that
living as a cripple is often preferable. The Storyteller will
have the final say on whether a body part can regrow, how
long it will take, and any special care required (such as
healing baths, food, rest, etc.).

* Royal Crest (Parasaurolopus) — +2 dice to any
Social rolls involving Mokolé and Nagah.

* Sacral Plexus (Stegosaurus) — The Mokolé may tap
into a secondary brain located in the spinal cord. For each
Gnosis point spent on the sacral plexus, the Mokolé can add
one point to an Ability involving the lower body, such as
Dodge, Brawl or Expression (dance). The sacral
plexus can perform
actions

ty ON
vgttt Ce &
2


without involving the brain, and therefore the Mokolé can
take extra actions without spending Rage if they involve the
skills of the sacral plexus — however, these extra actions are
limited to three dice total, plus an extra die for every time
this characteristic is bought.

* Snorkel (Brachiosaurus) —- The Mokolé may re-
main underwater or under earth and breathe comfortably
with only her nostrils exposed. The snorkel is usually on top
of the head. Difficulty to spot her is usually 10.

¢ Spitter (Dilophosaurus) — Must be purchased with
Poison Sacs, but the Mokolé can spit his venom 1 yard for
every point of Rage he has.

* Tail Blades/Spikes (Dragon, Stegosaurus) — Can
attack witha tail lash for Strength +2 damage (aggravated).

¢ Tail Club (Ankylosaurus) — May attack with a
tail lash for Strength +3 damage (not aggravated).

¢ Terrible Claws (Deinocheirus) — Claw damage
becomes Strength +3.

* Thorns (Thorny Devil) — The Mokolé is covered
with spines, dealing out two health levels of aggravated
damage to anyone who strikes her bare-handed.

* Throat Sac and Wattles (Chuckwalla) — +1 Ex-
pression, and two extra dice when using the Gift: Bellow.
This can also be a hollow crest with resonators inside.

¢ Upright Walking (Goanna) — Enables tool use in
Archid form.

© Webbed Feet (Hadrosaurus) —- These allow a
Mokolé to swim at one-and-a-half speed and walk more
easily on soft mud. They impose an additional -1 penalty to
Dexterity when on dry land.

* Wings (Pteranodon) — The Mokolé can fly at 20
mph or so. Mokolé with Hollow Bones can soar for hours;
others can fly for | hour per point of Stamina, then must rest
for the night. Cannot be taken with more than one level of
Huge Size or with Armor. Mokolé who are too large and
heavy simply cannot fly (although they may have wings
anyway). In addition, certain body shapes, such as a
Velociraptor or Tyrannosaurus, cannot fly at all.

Mokolé Renown

Peter flipped open the cellphone and dialed the phone's own
number, the un-number that alerted the technospirit. "Look,
Webby, [know you're mad, okay. I mean, not only am] hanging
out with Mokolé, but I'm ina place where there are no roaches!
But I'll make it up to you. Look, I know nostalgia isn't what it
used to be, but every time I think about the past, it brings back so
many memories! Hey, these two Garou walk into a bar..."

The spirit listened in the Shadow, and when Peter was
done, made plans of her own. She heard a lot, what with one
thing and another, and maybe she could find someone who paid
higher than Taddle Creek Sept...

Mokolé gain temporary Renown and convert it into
permanent Renown the same manner that Garoudo. Theyalso

use the system of Glory, Honor and Wisdom, acknowledging
five ranks. Mokolé gain 1 point each of Glory, Honor and
Wisdom for passing through their coming of age Mnesis trance.
They do not get Renown for subsequent Mnesis use. The
Mokolé-mbembe and Gumagan use the same Rank system.

Character Creation Chart

* Step One: Character Concept

Choose concept

Choose breed (homid or suchid)

Choose stream (Mokolé-mbembe, Makara,
Gumagan or Zhong Lung) and varna (alligator, croco-
dile, monitor, Gila monster)

Choose solar auspice (if Mokolé-mbembe or
Gumagan) or seasonal auspice (if Makara or Zhong Lung)

Select Nature and Demeanor (optional)

¢ Step Two: Attributes

Assign Attributes (7 Primary, 5 Secondary, 3 Tertiary)

* Step Three: Abilities

Prioritize the three categories: Talents, Skills, and
Knowledges (13/9/5)

Choose Talents, Skills and Knowledges

¢ Step Four: Select Advantages

Choose Backgrounds (5 pts)

Choose one auspice Giftand one common Mokolé Gitt.

* Step Five: Finishing Touches

Record Rage (by varna), Gnosis (by breed), Will-
power (by auspice) and Rank (1)

Spend Freebie Points (15)

Pick Merits and Flaws (if desired)

At this point the Storyteller may wish to tell you
the tale of your coming of age, usually including the
great vision that opens the powers of Mnesis to you. At
the end, record your Archid form characteristics.

Breed

* Homid: You were always thoughtful, even as a
child. Now thoughts of endless ages before your own have
come to you. The Change has awakened wisdom, power
and Rage in you. Whether or not your parents told you of
Dragon's Breed, you were amazed when the visions came.

Beginning Gnosis: 2

© Suchid: You were hatched asa giant reptile and lived
as such until the Change came. You are suddenly one of the
most powerful creatures in the world, but tool use and
language are new to you. The changes can be overwhelm-
ing. Sleep in the sun? Maybe, when the Duties are fulfilled.

Restricted Abilities: Drive, Etiquette, Firearms,
Computer, Law, Linguistics, Medicine, Politics, Science

Restricted Backgrounds: Resources, Allies, or
Contacts

Beginning Gnosis: 4

AWA


B ackgrounds

¢ Allies: Those you trust among humans, reptiles
and Mokolé

* Contacts: Those you know and who prove
useful to you.

¢ Fetish: A magical item containing a spirit,
which has certain powers.

¢ Kinfolk: The humans and reptiles who share
your secret and your ancient blood. Your family, though
you might not know them all.

© Mnesis: The ancestral memory of Mother Gaia,
known to Mokolé alone.

* Resources: Money and other good stuff that you
have or can get.

* Rites: The number and level of rites which you
may know.

* Totem: The patron spirit of your clutch.

* Wallow: A place of refuge for you and your clutch.

Freahie Maivnts

Trait Cost

Attributes 5 per dot

Abilities 2 per dot

Backgrounds 1 per dot

Gifts 7 per Gift (Level One only)
Rage 1 per dot

Gnosis 2 per dot

Willpower 1 per dot

Players of Mokolé characters may choose a Nature
and Demeanor from the Archetypes listed in the Werewolf
Players Guide. Typical Mokolé natures include Survivor,
Traditionalist, Curmudgeon, Alpha (for clutch leaders)
and so on. However, a Mokolé Bon Vivant, Reluctant
Shapeshifter, Worker, or Dilettante is possible. Charac-
ters can regain Willpower either by acting according to
their auspices or by following their Nature.

Renown for Gurmagan

and Mokolé-Mbernbe
Striking and Warding

Rank Title Glory Honor Wisdom
1 - Hatchling 1 i 1
2 Son/Daughter 4 2 2
3. Brother/Sister 6 3 3
4 Father/Mother 8 4 4
5 Grandfather/Grandmother 10 5 5

Unshading and Crowning

Rank Title Glory Honor Wisdom
1 Hatchling 1 1 1
2 Son/Daughter 2 4 2
3. Brother/Sister 3 6 3
4 Father/Mother 4 8 4
5 Grandfather/Grandmother 5 10 5

Concealing and Gathering

Rank Title Glory Honor Wisdom
1 Hatchling 1 1 1

2 Son/Daughter 2 2 4

3 Brother/Sister 3 3 6

4 Father/Mother 4 4 8
Grandfather/Grandmother 5 5 10

5
Shining

Rank Title Any Combination
1 Hatchling 3
£  Son;Maughrer 5
3. Brother/Sister 14
4 Father/Mother 19
5 Grandfather/Grandmother 24

The Makara and Zhong Lung use a Renown system
that corresponds closely to the Garou Renown system
(Werewolf, pg. 195). Assume that the Garou auspices
correspond to the Mokolé as follows:

Garou Auspice Makara Zhong Lung
Ragabash Hemanta Pei Tung
Theurge Zarad Sai Chau
Philodox Grisma Nam Hsia
Ahroun Vasanta Tung Chun

When awarding Renown, allow for a few differ-
ences fromthe Renownchart in the Werewolf rulebook.
Some examples:

¢ 3 Wisdom for completing a Mnesis quest

® | Wisdom and | Glory for inwitting a good story

* | each for awakening a Sleeper

* 1 each for surviving a long sleep (more than a
human lifetime) in Sleep of the Dragon

© 3 Wisdom and 3 Honor for retrieving lost Mnesis

* | Glory for wandering for a year

* 3 Wisdom for mating and producing a child
of any sort

¢ | Glory for producing a Mokolé child

* | Honor for mating as is best for yourself, your
clutch and the Mokolé, that is, choosing a proper mate.
Monogamy is not mandatory.

* | Honor for each year of proper mating

¢ -1 Honor for mating unwisely

* -7 Honor for mating with another Mokolé

Afternoon: Dragon Making
Pt ene eee


Special Combat Maneuvers

* Tail Lash: This involves swinging the tail and
slapping an opponent. Suchid-form Mokolé may only use
this maneuver on enemies directly behind them.

Usable by: Archid - Suchid

Difficulty: 7 Damage: Strength +1

Actions: |

¢ Head Butt: This requires a charge forward, head
lowered. This works like Body Slam maneuver (Werewolf,
pg. 232) except that the Mokolé does not suffer damage if
in Archid form, and the target isn't unbalanced unless
knocked down.

Usable by: Homid - Archid

Difficulty: 8 Damage: Strength + extra successes

Actions: |

* Jaw Shear: This requires that the Mokolé have
landed a blow with a bite attack on the previous round. The
Mokolé can then snap his head back and forth, tearing
chunks of flesh from an opponent's body. If the Mokolé's
grip isn't broken, then he may use this maneuver each turn
thereafter. The Storyteller may rule that a body part is
severed or bones broken if enough damage is done.

Usable by: Suchid - Archid

Difficulty: 6 Damage: Strength + 3

Actions: |

* Swallow Whole: This requires that the
Mokolé have Huge Size, Disarticulating Jaw
or both; it is usually impossible to swallow
prey more than half the Mokolé's size in
any case. The Mokolé must land a bite
attack and then make an opposed
Strength roll. If she succeeds, then
she swallows the opponent whole.
The opponent may continue to
fight for a number of rounds

a

equal to their Stamina, by which time he smothers. Of
course, some enemies, such as fomori, may be toxic or
dangerous to eat. Suchids are able to swallow fish, small
animals, etc., but not human-sized opponents.

Usable by: Archid

Difficulty: Special

Actions: 2

® Wishbone: This maneuver usually requires either
multiple heads or sufficiently large talons. The Mokolé
latches onto his target in two (or more) separate areas, then
begins to tug his victim apart. This is a continuous hold, and
the Mokolé may continue to inflict damage until the target
escapes by succeeding at a contested Strength roll.

Usable by: Archid

Difficulty: 8 Damage: Strength + 4

Actions: 3

Damage: Special


Mokolé Totems

Aclutch usually sharesa totem much asa Garou pack does.
Totems attach themselves to wallows. The Rite of the Totem
summons an Incarna, who decides whether or not the clutch is
worthy. Mokolé generally cannot have mammalian totems
(though Echidna's egg-laying breaks down barriers between
Mokolé and herself); it's a gulf of identity rather than blood

dile ("Iwai" to the Gumagan), Quetzal, Anaconda, Shark,
Chameleon, Fog, Twister, Winds, Uktena, Rain, Raven, and
many others. There are Mokolé who have remained Children
of Turtle despite the fall of the Croatan, and claim that Turtle
never departed, only withdrawing from the blood-mad mam-
mals. The Gumagan say the same about Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dan
the Bunyip. Note that Mokolé who share a totem with Garou
would refrain from attacking them without cause, and might
have some basis for communication. Indeed, Crocodile (in the
Silent Striders Tribebook) demands that his Children leave
Mokolé alone, or try to make peace with them.

Most Mokolé follow Dragon, a powerful Totem of Respect.

(Dragon

Background Cost: 5
Dragon personifies the 150 million years during
which reptiles ruled the earth. Dragon is great and
fierce, burning all those who oppose him
S\ with his poisonous

breath. He asks
that his chil-
dren succor
his prog-

kinship. Totemscommon to Mokolé andGarouincludeCroco- -

reptiles and birds, and preserve the memory of the Dinosaur
Kings. Dragon has never yet accepted Garou as his Children.

Traits: Dragon gives the Gift: Dragon's Breath to those
whom he favors; any one member of the clutch can use the
Gift at a time. When his children are in true need, he may
teach them the Gift of Dream Semblance, allowing them to
appear as a true dragon for a scene.

Ban: No Mokolé may dishonor Dragon. Definitions of
this ban vary, but violations of the Duties, betrayal of
Mokolé secrets, or other actions endangering
Dragon's Breed would qualify.

Finch (Totem of Respect)

Background Cost: 5

Finch is a wise to-
tem who personi-
fies adaptation
and change.
He revels in
his ability
to shift the

shape of his
beak, which


changes according to the place that he is in. Mokolé say that
they can learn much from watching his beak change its
shape and size. Finch is also known to the Corax, who try to
learn the secrets of life from him. Finch and Horseshoe Crab
do not like each other very much.

Traits: Finch, naturally enough, grants his children the
Gift: Beak of the Finch. His children also receive one
temporary point of Honor, and can draw on three extra
Willpower points per story.

Ban: Finch's Children must adapt themselves to their
environment. If they live by a river, they must eat fish. They
must be content with what Gaia provides and ready them-
selves to take advantage of Her gifts.

Horseshoe Crab (Totem of Cunning)

Background Cost: 4

Horseshoe Crab is the ultimate conservative. This
arthropod has hidden in the sand for two hundred million
years, and has not changed at all in that time. He has
thrived while the Kings rose and fell and plans to outlive
human beings and the Apocalypse. He likes Mokolé for
their rigidity.

Traits: Horseshoe Crab teaches the Gift: Become Log,
and his children each receive an additional point of Will-
power. To those who serve him well, he may allow an
additional point of Mnesis.

Ban: Horseshoe Crab's children must oppose needless
innovation and change —~ and it sometimes takes some
persuading to make Horseshoe Crab see any innovation or
change as anything other than needless.

Scarab (Totem of Wisdom)

Background Cost: 5

This totem is most familiar to Mokolé-mbembe, al-
though a few clutches of the other streams know her as
well. She is an attendant of Sun and rolls Sun across the
sky. She chooses as her children Mokolé who honor Sun,
who remember Khem and who dispel darkness wherever
they find it.

Traits: To each of her children, Scarab gives the power
to borrow the Sun dice of a clutchmate once per story. For
instance, a Concealing Mokolé could exercise the sun dice
of his companion, a Rising Sun, while taking the initiative.
The clutchmate in question does not lose the sun dice forher
own purposes.

Ban: Scarab asks that no corpse of her own children be
left to rot, condemning the spirit to misery. All dead must be
disposed of properly, such as by burial in sand, mummifica-
tion, or other appropriate methods.

Snake Doctor (Totem of Respect)

Background Cost: 6

Snake Doctor is a Dragonfly-spirit, known best in the
American South. He tends to the injuries of Mokolé and

Nagah, "sewing them up" with his long tail. He does not like
other shapeshifters and may "sew up their ears," deafening
them, if they offend him.

Traits: Each child of Snake Doctor may, once per story,
heal one health level of any type of damage if Snake Doctor
may reach them — in other words, if they are anywhere that
adragonfly could be found. They also gain a temporary point
of both Honor and Wisdom, and may draw on four extra
points of Willpower per story.

Ban: Snake Doctor demands that his swampy home-
land be preserved inviolate.

Whiptail Lizard (Totem of Wisdom)

Background Cost: 7

Whiptail Lizard is a totem of the American Southwest.
The four known species of whiptail lizard contain no males:
their eggs contain baby lizards that are genetic copies of the
mother. In effect, whiptail lizards clone themselves natu-
rally. Whiptail Lizard loves females who are strong and
independent. She will never accept a clutch that contains
any male of any species as her daughters.

Traits: To her daughters she gives the Gift: Whiptail's
Clutch, a unique Gift enabling them to sacrifice three
permanent Gnosis points to lay an egg containing a perfect
infant replica of themselves. Furthermore, her clutches gain
three extra dice to any Survival or Enigmas rolls. The Black
Furies admire Whiptail Lizard and her daughters for their
self-sufficiency, although they don't necessarily try to emu-
late them.

Ban: Whiptail Lizard forbids any daughter of hers to
allow any male to rule over them for any reason.

The Last Ones

Background Cost: 5 and up

The cycle of life means that new species evolve into
a position in nature, persist, and pass away. The Triat's
work has adorned Gaia with millions of species over
millions of years.

But some species pass before their time. Wiped out by
disasters, the Works of the Dissolver, or human evil, they
persist in the Shadowlands as ghost totems. Mokolé mourn
these lost species, many known only to them, and can
sometimes call on their power. To do so, the ritemaster must
first go into a Mnesis trance and behold the species in life,
and then perform the Rite of Summoning while the image
rests in her mind.

Lost Ones include the dinosaurs and Great Beasts, the
passenger pigeon, the dodo, the Great Auk, the elephant
bird, the quagga, the snail darter, and many others. When
called they stand silently looking at the world that destroyed
them. While their wisdom is great, the sadness of beholding
them means that any Mokolé who botches a roll falls victim
to Harano when dealing with them. Their Traits and Bans
vary widely are up to the Storyteller, but should be perilous
— after all, these are spirits from a dead past.

64 Mokolé

OFA TS ety //,


Fetishes
Dragon Crystal

Level 1, Gnosis 6

This is a semiprecious stone or amber chunk polished
into a lens, planchette, or disc and set into a necklace, etc.
When activated, it reveals the presence of a true Mokolé; if
the user looks through it at the subject, the subject appears
in his Archid form, and if touched to a Mokolé's body, the
stone shines with Sun's light. For this reason, the gems are
sometimes worn as jewelry to a Gather.

To create a Dragon Crystal, a Sun-spirit may be bound
to the stone, or an Insect-spirit may be awakened from
insects preserved in amber.

Hatchling's Tail

Level 1, Gnosis 3

This fetish looks like nothing more than a dried lizard's tail,
but when worn attached to a belt by a Mokolé (usually the
young) it gives the wearer something extra when in Archid form.
Upon assuming the battle form of the Mokolé, the wearer of this
fetish grows a second tail. which has all the nrqnerties of the
owner's actual tail. For example, the individual might gain a
second tail lash attack (at +2
difficulty). All other actions

a eat} ON LAM involvingthesecond tail
YS ‘ A have a +1 difficulty,

. but the Mokolé
also gains a 50%
increase in

Archidswimming speed. This item is primarily used by hatchlings
who have not yet gained experience in battle; most "grow out of"
the fetish once they mature, passing it on to younger Mokolé. To
make the fetish, a Glass-snake-spirit, a Palolo-worm-spirit, or a
Father-spirit must be bound into the tail.

Scar Fetish

Level and Gnosis vary

Like the Garou, the Mokolé can and do bind spirits into
scars or brands. They usually brand themselves with solid gold
to make the wound stay open long enough to scar. Their scar
fetishes are treated like the Garou's in all relevant manners.

Cray of the Teachers

Level 1, Gnosis 5

This valuable fetish is a tray carved of tropical marula-
wood and decorated with the death-masks of the Crowning.
Usually it is inlaid with bone, precious stones, etc. When
used to store and process the teacher-plants of Gaia, the
potency of the plants is increased by one level for each dot

in the user's Rituals trait.

To create the tray, a spirit of visions must be bound into
the tray, such as the awakenea'spinit orayaruasca, acacia, or
cannabis, or such a spirit as Tree Frog or Snake, who know
medicines and poisons.

&99 Basket

Level 2, Gnosis 3
This is a reed basket which can be used to store a
Mokolé clutch of eggs. The basket itself is about the size of
a single egg, but it can hold an entire clutch with ease. The
eggs that are placed within retain their temperature
quite well, only losing 5% of this heat each
hour they are within the basket. Need-
SAK less to say, the basket is intended
for emergency situations
only. If the


wallow is attacked or compromised, the mother typically
uses the rite: Save Hatchling while concentrating on the
basket. Of course the drawback is that the basket is as
vulnerable to destruction as any woven basket, and con-
tained within is an entire clutch. During the War of Rage
more than one clutch was lost entirely when Garou warriors
carelessly destroyed such baskets.

To make this fetish, the basket must be infused with a
Weaverbird or Oriole-spirit.

Spirit Jar

Level 2, Gnosis 5

Akin to some vodoun paraphernalia, this fetish is a
handmade pottery jar with the cover sealed on with tar or
wax. It holds an imprisoned spirit. The owner can bargain
with the spirit, promising it favors in return for the use of its
Charms, such as Healing, Flood, or Create Fires. Favors
which the owner might promise include giving the spirit
Gnosis, allowing it to possess a medium, or setting it free. If
the jar is broken, the spirit is freed. When freed, the spirit is
usually fairly angry.

The spirit which is bound to create this fetish can be of
almost any type. If the spirit is too weak, it will be no use. If
it is too strong, it will probably free itselfand attack the owner.

Mirror of Amaterasu Omikami

Level 3, Gnosis 4

This mirror is made of bronze, with a solar design
molded into the back. There are only a few such mirrors, said
to be cast from the shards of the mirror used to coax Sun from
her hiding place long ago by the ravens. Though the face
seems normal and reflects as does any other mirror, the
reflection of the mirror contains the image molded on the
back. In addition, the mirror can be used to store Sun's light.
To do so, the Mokolé must expose the mirror to sunlight for
several hours and expend a number of Gnosis equal to the
number of hours. When he later speaks the name of Sun and
activates the fetish, Sun's light shines out of the mirror as on
a cloudless day for a number of turns equal to the Gnosis
spent in storing the sunlight.

Sunstones

Level 3, Gnosis 4

These roughly egg-sized, smooth ovoid stones retain
the sun's heat far longer than ordinary stones would. They
are very useful in keeping eggs warm at night, or during
periods of sleep. Also they can be used in combat against
creatures that are vulnerable to sunlight. When touched by
a Sunstone, a vampire or similarly solar-allergic creature
suffers one health level of aggravated damage just as if
exposed to sunlight; a hurled, activated Sunstone inflicts
Strength + 1 aggravated damage to such a creature. In either
case, this damage can be soaked with Fortitude.

A Sun-spirit must be bound into the stone to create
this fetish.

6

Mokolé

Y aetna tiie //,

Bowl of Mnesis

Level 4, Gnosis 5

This simple earthen bowl is sacred to the Mokolé. Even
possessing knowledge of this artifact is a death sentence to any
who are not Mokolé. This bowl can be used to preserve the
memories of a fallen Mokolé or those of her enemy. First the
corpse's intact brain is placed into the bowl, then filled with
water and allowed to sit undisturbed in the sun for an entire
day. With the setting sun, the liquid is then drunk by the
chosen recipient of the corpse's memories. The Mokolé then
makes a Perception + Enigmas roll at a variable difficulty and
spends a Gnosis point.

Difficulty

Fallen creature

Mokolé 6
Mokolé Kin, Corax, Nagah 7
Other Béte, mortal, changeling 8
Mummy or true fae 9
Vampire, Bane, Wyrm-beast 10

The number of successes reflects the amount of memory
that is salvaged from the fallen; in extremely rare cases
(requiring at least 7 successes) the drinker can even retain
a shapeshifter's Past Life trait. If the fallen was a Mokolé or
Mokolé Kin, the drinker's Mnesis now functions through
their ancestral lives as well. The Mokolé truly honor those
chosen to have their memories thus preserved; this fetish
is never used frivolously. In some cases the recipient of the
corpse's memories has been driven insane; this was usually
if the "donor" was a vampire, Bane, mummy or some
shapeshifter other than a Mokolé. This fetish grants abili-
ties similar to the Rite of Anamnesis, but can be used even
without the knowledge of that rite. An Ancestor-spirit
must be bound into this fetish.

Edge of the Sun

Level 4, Gnosis 6

This is a deadly weapon carried by the Noonday Suns
for ritual duels and executions. "Dying under the gold" is
a figure of speech fora lawbreaker's bad end. The machete
is cast of solid gold and decorated with jewels. Ironically,
it poses no threat to the Veil; any found by humans were
melted down for the gold. Like Garou klaives, it must
have a War-spirit bound into it, inflicts aggravated dam-
age, and lowers the Gnosis rating of the Mokolé who
catries it by one.

These weapons are rare in the extreme. The gold
necessary to make one costs over fifty thousand 1999 US
dollars. A Noonday Sun who owns one would need to be
Rank 4 and Resources 4 to afford such a thing. Use of a Sun's
Edge without the sanction of the Duties is itself a serious
offense. To create a Sun's Edge, gold must be melted at
sunrise and molded into the blade, ensorcelled to have the
hardness of steel, then jewels must be set into the teakwood
handle, and the whole invested with a War-spirit.


S\N

NS

ae A

Spirit Cether

Level 4, Gnosis 6

A spirit tether is a mummified umbilical cord that anchors a
Mokolé's mind to his body. When used for "going within" (Mnesis), one
end must be tied to the Mokolé and the other to some object that is "of
the now." Generally, this object can be anything created within the
individual Mokolé's lifetime. When used in this fashion, the tether
allows the Mokolé to go as deep into Mnesis as possible without fear of
getting lost. It also allows the user to return from Mnesis with a perfect
sense of his identity, totally eliminating the usual confusion that can
follow such sessions. It lowers the difficulty of Mnesis rolls by one.

A second use for the Spirit Tether relates to the Rite of Lost
Dreams. When tied to the subject being lowered into Oblivion and
held by the participants of the rite, it allows the subject to tug upon
the tether in order to signal danger. In this way, there isa chance the
titemaster can pull the subject out of the trance before he is &
consumed by whatever he sees there. The Spirit Tether must be J S yo
fashioned from a Mokolé's umbilical cord immediately after birth. |
Along with the ritual mummification process, the spirit within the cord la S|
itself must be awakened. Note that because of this, the usual practice of
wearing the Spirit Tether around one's waist like a belt tends to give the
wearer a much stronger, almost Oedipan attachment to his mother. Also, a
Spirit Tether must only be used by the Mokolé whom it was a part of, making
ituseful only for homid Mokolé. Using someone else's tether will cause the user
to end up somewhere else after going within...

Blade of the Kings

Level 5, Gnosis 6

This is a weapon (sword, edged warclub, halberd, spear, axe, etc.) from the
Mokolé of old. Occasionally elders sleep the Sleep of the Dragon with such a \ a
weapon by their side. The weapon causes aggravated damage and usually has a woah
silver edge. It also shapeshifts to match its wielder; when the Mokolé changes to aN ishary
Archid, the Blade of the Kings changes to match. If the Mokolé has Grasping
Hands, he can use the weapon in Archid form. These weapons are made by binding
a shapeshifting spirit, such as Butterfly or Octopus, into the weapon as it is made.
With each blow that shapes the metal or stone of the blade, the maker must call the
spirit's name.

Blowpipe of Anamnesis

Level 5, Gnosis 7

This pipe is made of tropical ceiba wood, harvested without killing the tree,
and carved with the signs of the Kings. It is used to administer the teacher plants
by packing a dust made from them into the pipe, then blowing it into the nose
of the recipient, one nostril at a time. It allows the Rite of Anamnesis to be
made easier; the ritemaster can lower the difficulty by one for each level of
Rites he has. A Poison-spirit is bound to create this fetish.

Calens

Arrows of the Sun

Gnosis 5
These are arrows containing the essence of Sun and decorated
with gold. They are imbued with fragments of Sun-spirit. They cause
aggravated damage, and any vampire hit by one suffers the effects of }

Afternoon: Dragon Making ,

) gia


full daylight for one turn. The arrow itself immolates and is
gone in one turn after striking its target.

Cacao Moon's Chocolate
Gnosis 6

These beans are grown only ina small area of Soconusco,
Guatemala, near the wallow of Cacao Moon, a Maya Mokolé
chieftain who ruled Tikal for many years before retiring to
become a mystic. He breda variety of chocolate beans that are
sought after far and wide. Anyone receiving the beans and
brewing Aztec chocolate from them may share it with an-
other. Any Gifts, rites, or Abilities that they share are learned
twice as quickly while under the influence of this chocolate.

Note that the Mokolé of Soconusco Awaken the choco-
late as they harvest it; Awakening chocolate from other sources
will not work. Brand-name chocolate is not recommended.

Matre Medicine

Gnosis 3

This medicine is prepared from the emissions of croco-
diles in the mating season. Its preparation is a distasteful
business, and involves binding a Fertility-spirit. When ap-
plied before mating, the salve ensures conception, and adds
1% to the chance of true shapeshifter offspring. It is highly
sought after by humans as well as Mokolé.

Quipu of the Amautas

Gnosis 5

The amautas were remembrancers of great skill in the Inca
empire. This bundle of knotted cords serves to carry a Mnesis
message. When tied in knots by a Mokolé-mbembe with the
proper skill (which can be learned from a South American
Mokolé, from a mummy of the Andes, or through Mnesis)
along with the expenditure of a point of Gnosis, one memory
can be bound into the cords. (The skill can be listed as
Expression: Quipu). The quipu can be dyed, stained, etc., to
retain further memory. When the recipient "reads" the knots by
handling the cords, the memory passes into hermind. There are
other forms of memory messages, such as coconut fibers, chalk
drawings, etc., for other streams of Mokolé.

Snake Herbs

Gnosis 4

This is a bunch of powerful herbs from the deserts of
Bandaiyan (similar herbs are known elsewhere). The herbs
have the virtue of neutralizing snakebite and other poisons.
For each bowl of herbs eaten or made into tea, one health
level of Dissolver-taint or toxins can be healed. This even
allows a Mokolé to eat poisonous flesh without sickening.

Swimmer''s Medicine
Gnosis 5

This is the rendered fat from a Komodo monitor's tail,
extracted after the lizard has died a natural death. When

rubbed on the arms and legs it grants the recipient super-
natural swimming prowess: he can easily swim up to half a
mile underwater and remain underwater for 15-20 minutes.
If he remains afloat (such as by holding onto something) he
can swim many miles. A Lizard-spirit is bound to the fat to
create this talen. The salve washes off in the water after use.

Fetishes of the Gurmagan
Lungin

Level 1, Gnosis 5

This is a wooden pipe used for smoking tobacco, or a
mixture of tobacco and pituri. A Fire-spirit must enter the
pipe, although they are glad to do so if the owner of the pipe
is a frequent smoker. When smoked, the pipe adds a die to
dice pools for Gumagan rites. In addition, the smoker may

smoke Awakened tobacco or pituri, and receive twice as
much effect as usual.

Pearlshell of Healing

Level 1, Gnosis 4

This is an Australian pearlshell used to divine illness.
When it is held over the body of a sick person, the medicine
man or woman must make a Perception + Rituals roll,
difficulty 6. The number of successes is the number of things
that the Storyteller can tell them about the illness or injury:
that it is contagious, that itis caused by magic, that it is fatal,
etc. A Fish-spirit must inhabit the shell.

Kurdaitcha

Level 2, Gnosis 5

These are shoes made from emu feathers knotted to-
gether with human hair and stuck together with one health
level's worth of the user's blood. The maker must bind a spirit
servant of Tokampini the devil-bird into the shoes. When
activated, the shoes prevent anyone from hearing the wearer's
footfalls. Gumagan wear them when stalking an enemy.

Rangga
Level 2, Gnosis 5

This is a figure molded of clay or wax and used in hunting
magic. It represents an animal, human, or Garou. A Perenty-
spirit is bound into it. To activated it, the hunter speaks the
name of the target softly. He then gets an extra die to one dice
pool of his choice for the remainder of the hunt.

Tokoyanga
Level 3, Gnosis 6

This is a ball of goose down worn round the neck and
imbued with a Bird-spirit. It dispels grief, and anyone who
bites it cannot cry. In addition, nothing the wearer says is
audible to a Suchid-form Mokolé or any other large reptile.
At the Storyteller's option, activating this fetish may relieve
the effects of Harano on the wearer for one scene.

68 Mokolé

OA PT Lh teeny //

QawYy


Warshell

Level 3, Gnosis 6

This is a shell shaped into a triangle and sharpened. It
can cut an enemy at a distance, at a range of 10 yards per
success on the activation roll. The user slashes toward an
enemy with the shell and makes a Dexterity + Melee roll,
difficulty 7. The number of successes is the number of health
levels of aggravated damage taken by the target (soakable if
the target can naturally soak aggravated damage). A Snake-
spirit must be bound into the shell to create this fetish.

Bret

Level 4, Gnosis 7

This gruesome item is a pair of hands or paws from a
dead sentient being: human, Gumagan, Garou, or the like.
A piece of the dead person's soul is bound into them. When
wrapped in grass, dried and worn about the neck, the bret
gives its owner as much Perception as the "donor" had. If the
person had any perceptive Gifts, such as Sense Wyrm, the
owner can use them as well. Of course, this fetish cannot be
worn in most social circumstances; in addition, the relatives
of the dead person will likely be angry and try to get the bret
and burn it to release the soul.

Calens of the Gumagan

Bloodstone
Gnosis 7

This is blood extracted from a human victim by magic
and preserved in a hollow tree. It congeals ina year or so into
astonelike substance. It is rubbed onto the skin or eaten. For
each blood point of bloodstone used (the talen usually
contains three "points"), the user can gain 1 point of
Perception or of Primal-Urge for the duration of the scene.
Blood-devils will offer much in order to obtain this item.

Message Stick

Gnosis 4

This is a stick carved and painted with symbols. It
contains a message of as many words as the sender has Gnosis
points. A Mynah-bird spirit enters the stick to deliver the
message. If the recipient makes a Gnosis roll, difficulty 5, he
understands the message and knows who sent it. The mes-
sage then flies away.

Pituri (Plant Talen)

Gnosis 3

Pituri ("pitch-oorie") is a narcotic plant native to
Australia. When un-Awakened, it suppresses hunger and
thirst and induces a mild euphoria. Awakened, the plant can
be chewed or smoked. It adds one health level of healing to
all healing rituals. In addition, the user will feel no hunger,
thirst or fatigue for one day.

Fetishes of the Makara
Beggar's Mantle

Level 3, Gnosis 7

Resplendent though they may be, the Makara also know
the value of humility. This fetish, woven of rags and shed
snakeskin, shields their true glory from the eyes of evil beings.
When activated, the mantle makes the Makara completely
invisible to vampires, Banes, fallen shapeshifters and other
creatures of the Wyrm —- they simply overlook the Makara.
However, this mantle cannot hide a wearer in Archid form,
and is very fragile and easily shredded. To create this fetish, a
Snake-spirit must be woven into the mantle.

Mace of the Winds

Level 4, Gnosis 8

This uniquely Makara weapon appears to be an ornate,
rounded mace made of brass-inlaid iron. When activated
and wielded as a weapon, it causes Strength + 3 aggravated
damage from its crushing power. However, the mace's true
power becomes apparent when its wielder takes Archid
form, for it hovers and swoops and attacks unaided as its
wielder directs, always returning to hover by its wielder's
head. It takes an action to direct the mace to attack (its
attack pool being the Makara's Dexterity + Melee as usual),
and the mace can fly for up to fifty yards away from its owner.
Creating such a fetish requires excellent metalwork skills,
and the cooperation of a War-spirit to empower the mace.

Calens of the Makara
Chunder Dart

Gnosis 6

This powerful weapon is as large as any lawn dart, but
much more lethal. When hurled at an enemy, it strikes with
the force of a thunderbolt, inflicting seven dice of aggra-
vated lightning damage on the foe. To fashion such a talen,
the Makara must craft it from the bone of a monster and
fletch it with peacock feathers, then coax a Thunder or
Rain-spirit into the dart.

Fetishes of the Mokolé-mbembe
Mask of Mnante

Level 1, Gnosis 5

This is a carved mask which can be worn as a necklace,
over the face, as part of a headdress, or so on. It is a tool
devised during the Wars of Rage to enable Mokolé to
survive. When it is invoked, anyone trying to determine the
Mokolé's Breed, such as through Scent of the True Form, has
the difficulty increased by the Mokolé's current Gnosis, to
a maximum of 10. If the observer fails, she considers the
Mokolé to be a member of her own kind. If she botches, she
sees herself and her hatred objectively, as in a mirror of the

Afternoon: Dragon Making 69

[fC LE Ps CT LT


soul. This experience should be articulated carefully by the

Storyteller, and may lead to profound personality change.
This mask contains a spirit of deception, such as Cuckoo,

Chameleon, or Horseshoe Crab, or a Mirror-spirit.

Sword of Fever

Level 5, Gnosis 8

This sword of Entoban steel incarnates the wards of
fever built by Mokolé-Mbembe himself around Entoban.
When it is drawn, even a finger's width, from its scabbard,
it cuts the Sickness-spirits free, and plague strikes. He who
draws it may state the enemy's name, and they will sicken.
An entire nation may be named. However, the Sickness-
spirits cannot be contained. Sickness will spread as rapidly
as itcan, and many times, Mokolé have been prevented from
drawing this sword, lest the plague slay their own Kin.

Spear of Mokolé-Mbembe

Level 6, Gnosis 5

This fetish may or may not have belonged to Mokolé-
Mbembe himself, but the Congo Clutch swear that it is so.
This weapon is in appearance an Entoban war-spear, but
examination of the spear head will reveal that the metal is
electrum. Furthermore, the singular purity of this weapon
means that it affects shapechangers as if it were both silver and
gold. Béte are rarely be able to discern the silver properties of
this alloy (all rolls are at 10 difficulty). All difficulties in using
this spear are increased by 1, but the weapon inflicts double
damage when activated. This fetish is unique.

Fetishes of the Zhong Lung
Box of Rice (Debabako)

Level 1, Gnosis 3

This wooden box contains a Snake-spirit. It is full of rice
for as many people as the number written on the top. If the
number is washed off and a new number written, the box will
contain that much rice the next day. It fills with rice only once
each day; if the box is broken there will be no more rice.

Dragon Skin

Level 2, Gnosis 4

This is the shed skin of a Zhong Lung, which glows
softly with five-colored light. It is an item of great prestige
among clutches to have a fine shed skin. Of course, Eastern
wizards and other hengeyokai will also wish to possess it.
When activated, this skin grants armor equivalent to the
Gift: Armor of the Tortoise. It must be shaped by a profes-
sional leatherworker, anda Sun-spirit must be bound into it.

Pearls of Flood and Ebb Tide

Level 5, Gnosis 9
These are pearls kept in the palaces of the Dragon Kings
at the bottom of the sea and control the ebb and flow of the

tide. They are imbued with Lune-essence and have Lunes
bound into them. They can cause the tides to rise and fall:
the activator may use the Gift: Call the Tide (pg. 83) with
the same number of automatic successes as her Rank.

Calens of the Zhong Lung
(Dragon's Spittle

Gnosis 4

This is the gathered spittle of a Zhong Lung. When
prepared with the help of a Dragon-spirit, it adds Gnosis to
other spirit workings. When the spittle is mixed into ink for

mystic calligraphy, used in rock paintings, etc., allow one
extra point of Power or Gnosis for the work.

Merits

Bird-spirit Companion: (1 point Merit)

A particular Bird-spirit has taken a liking to you and
will sometimes materialize after you have fed (in Suchid or
Archid form) to pick your teeth. It may bring you news,
rumors, hints or the like, but these tidbits of information
aren't guaranteed to be reliable at all.

Bite of the Monitor: (1-5 point Merit)

This Merit iscommon among Mokolé of the Ora varna.
It makes the Mokolé's bite more dangerous. Any bite in-
flicted by the Mokolé can be healed as usual as the aggra-
vated damage it usually is. However, after time the wound
reopens. When this happens, the victim loses the same
number of health levels they lost with the initial bite after
soaking. The frequency in which the bite reopens depends
on the strength of this Merit.

* Once a year (1 point)

* Once a season (2 points)

¢ Once a month (3 points)

* Once a week (4 points)

¢ Once a day (5 points)

The bite will open a number of times equal to the
Mokolé's Gnosis, and after that will not reopen. It is up to
the Storyteller exactly when the bite reopens. A being can
suffer from only one "infected" bite at a time.

Manshape: (1 point Merit)

Your Archid form resembles that of humanity. You are
essentially a "lizard person" —- a human shape with a reptile
head, roughly the size of a Crinos Garou. You will need to
buy Bipedal and Grasping Hands for your Archid form to
take this Merit, but this Merit allows you to use a greater
variety of tools and fit in places you might not otherwise fit.

Maesis of the Lost Ones: (1 point Merit)

You belong to a Mnesis lineage that, through cross-
breeding, sharing of mates, or the Rite of Anamnesis being

70 Mokolé

AFLP TS LT riley //,


performed in the distant past, has some memories from an
extinct Changing Breed, such as the Camazotz (werebats),
the Khara (sabertooth Baster) or the Grondr (boar-skins).
This Mnesis will be fragmented, imperfect and difficult for
you to understand. The Storyteller will convey to you what
this memory contains, although you will not be able to use
it as easily as Mokolé memories.

Cerrible Footsteps: (1 point Merit)

When shapeshifting, the Mokolé can invoke this Merit
by spending one Gnosis. The ground trembles, the trees
sway, and the birds and animals flee. This is not connected
to Delirium and the Veil, but is a function of Mnesis. The
Mokolé is remembering the mighty tread of the Kings.

Vathamaya: (1 point Merit)

You possess the location of a Yathamaya, a memory
realm in the High Umbra. This place may be a forest, an
ocean, a temple or palace, or something unintelligible to
human beings. It is a construct of living memory. If you
possess the proper Gifts, you may be able to enter the Umbra
and find it. The Storyteller will construct the Yathamaya,
but will not reveal all of the information to you.

Retain Eggs: (2 point Merit)

This Merit is for fernales only. It allows them to delay
labor or laying eggs for a period of time by spending a point
of Gnosis. The mother may delay going into labor or laying
eggs until she has reached a place of safety or has assured
herself that no enemies are present. In rare cases, eggs may
be retained until they hatch within the mother's body.

Retain Seed: (2 point Merit)

This Merit may be purchased by female Mokolé only. It
allows them to retain their mate's seed for a number of years
equal to their Gnosis. At any time during this period, they
may spend a point of permanent Gnosis to produce a clutch
of eggs (for suchids) or a baby (for homids) with the usual
chance of being Mokolé or Kin. Suitable mates are rare, so
this Merit enables more Mokolé and Kin to be born.

Temperature Control: (2 point Merit)

You can control your body temperature. You will never
suffer from fever, heat exhaustion, heatstroke or hypother-
mia, save in the most extreme conditions. In addition, if you
concentrate intensely enough, you can avoid being spotted
by heat sensors. Your body temperature cannot usually go
over 110° or under 65° Fahrenheit, however.

Farm Ties: (3 point Merit)

You are associated with an alligator farm at which
crocodilians are raised to stock zoos, to restock the wild, or
for human tourists to look at. The staff are usually Kin, and
there may be other Mokolé at the farm. You have a reason-

ably sure supply of food and a place to stay. However, you
have to work on the farm, probably including breeding.
Also, the farm is a likely target for enemy attacks.

Sacred Crocodile: (3 point Merit)

Your suchid form is sacred toa human religious cult who
honor you as the embodiment of divinity. You usually live
in a pool near the temple. Your worshippers are mostly
Kinfolk. However, they may not know that you are Mokolé.
You do not get any money from them (after all, you are a
crocodile) but you are provided with food (such as animal
"sacrifices") as well as a secure place to live. Often you are
painted or decorated with flowers, ribbons, etc., for religious
festivals. You must not harm or offend your followers, or they
may turnon you. This Merit is most common among Makara
and Mokolé-mbembe. Please note that unless the worship-
pers are purchased as Allies, they will not do much except
throw food to you and worship the "god within" you. They
do not obey you, although they may listen to a priest who
talks about you. Unless you also purchase the Kinfolk
background, the worshippers and priests don't know that
you are Mokolé, and will be frightened if you shapeshift,
start to talk, etc. This Merit is particularly appropriate for
historical games.

Supernatural Companion: (4 point Merit)

You havea friend and ally who happens to be some kind
of supernatural creature: another shapeshifter, a mage, or
perhaps a changeling. Your clutch does not know about this
person, and might be upset if they find out about your
friendship. If the ally is Garou, they will be extremely angry.
The Storyteller will create this ally, but will nor reveal all
the details to you.

Gold Tolerance: (5 point Merit)

You can soak damage from gold, although it is still
aggravated. If you choose to carry golden weapons, talis-
mans or the like, your Gnosis loss is halved. Other Mokolé
find this tolerance unusual and alittle suspicious. This Merit
is most common for Midnight Suns.

Eidetic Memory: ($ point Merit)

You forget nothing and can "photograph" scenes and
texts into your memory with the appropriate effort. This
Merit costs a lot more for Mokolé than for any other creature,
for obvious reasons. Once any fact or scene has been recalled
through Mnesis, the Mokolé can call it to mind again,
although every single detail of an ancestor's life isn't available
to him unless the ancestor also had eidetic memory. The
player may ask the Storyteller for any fact or event that his
character witnessed. The Merit makes learning anything
memory-related cost half the usual experience points (al-
though things that have to be practiced are as costly as usual).
The Merit also brings respect, as other Mokolé appeal to the
character to settle disputes and the like.

Afternoon: Dragon Making 71

[fPIC S


Backwards Muesis (7 point Merit)

You can "remember" the future, although most of what
you remember will be meaningless or useless to you. This is
treated as normal Mnesis, although the Storyteller makes
the roll and tells you what you see. Tragically, this Merit is
useless for playing the stock market. This Merit is most
common for Shining.

Color Change: (7 point Merit)

You can change color like a chameleon in your Suchid
and Archid forms. This happens as quickly as blushing. You
cannot change to any color of the rainbow, but you can
become light, dark, or strongly colored. This usually makes
you harder to spot, although the Storyteller can judge how
much more difficult it will be. This Merit is most common
among the caiman varna of South America.

Silver Tolerance: (7 point Merit)

You can soak silver, although it still does aggravated
damage to you, and you only lose half rhe usual amount of
Gnosis for carrying silver items. This is an extremely pow-
erful Merit and is not to be taken lightly; there must be some
explanation for your immunity, such as a pact or supernatu-
ral intervention. This Merit cannot under any circum-
stances be taken along with Gold Tolerance.

Step Sideways: (7 point Merit)

You can enter the Umbra without a Gift, just as the
Garou do. This Merit is rare in the extreme and is dangerous
to use, as it alerts Umbral beings who may be hostile to you.
You may step sideways whenever you have a reflective
surface, as per the Werewolf rulebook. You should present
the Storyteller with a convincing reason as to why you have
this Merit, and it remains wholly her discretion whether you
are allowed to purchase it or not.

Deiled to Garou: (7 point Merit)

This is an extremely powerful Merit, available only to
Mokolé. The Mokolé and the Kings hunted and slew the
Garou and their mammalian ancestors for ages. There are a
few Mokolé who retain that ancient aura of mind-shattering
terror. The Mokolé with this advantage causes the Delirium
in Garou, although not in other Awakened creatures. Garou
react as per the Delirium chart according to their Willpower
or Rage, whichever is higher. Garou, too, can make a Wits +
Occult roll to move up the chart at the Storyteller's option.

Flaws

Albino: (1 point Flaw)

You have no pigment in any form. You are white-
skinned and have pale pink eyes. In the sun, you will be
burned within a few minutes. In addition, you receive two

fewer dice on all social rolls because of your bizarre appear-
ance. This Flaw is common among sacred crocodiles.

Deat: (1 point Flaw)

You are mostly without hearing, like some large lizards.
You are able to hear some things in your Homid and Archid
forms, but are entirely deaf in Suchid.

Diurnal: (1 point Flaw)

You are strictly diurnal and sleep all night. You must
spend a Willpower point to function with a full dice pool
after the sky is dark. If there are lights as bright as the sun
(Storyteller's decision) you may act as if it were day.

Migratory Urges: (1 point Flaw)

You have powerful inborn urges to migrate each year.
Usually, you learn the migration routes immediately after
your First Change, often through Mnesis from a migrating
ancestor. The Storyteller determines your migration route,
although she won't disclose every detail of it to you. If you are
prevented from migrating, you will lose one die from your dice
pools each day until you do so, as if you were wounded. Other
Mokolé may join you in the migration or meet youat the end.
Note that you have no special knowledge of the route. There
may be all sorts of dangers that you do not know about.

Molt: (1 point Flaw)

You molt on a regular basis. When you molt, the scales,
feathers, or fur of your Archid form slough off, and your
Homid form loses all its facial and body hair. Your skin will
shred and peel. You may lose tattoos, piercings, and scars, as
well as suntan. Your Suchid form's outer skin will also shred
and peel off. You are treated as Bruised during a molt and your
armor or shell, if any, do not exist. Your Appearance is
lowered by 2, although it cannot be lowered below 1 through
molting. You itch horribly and are constantly scratching in all
your forms throughout the molt. You may spend a Willpower
point to stap scratching for one scene. The molt lasts as long
as a sunburn, several days to a week, and occurs at least once
a year. The Storyteller decides when you molt and informs
you of the consequences. It is possible that stress, fear, or
exposure to toxic chemicals could cause you to molt ahead of
time or more than once. On the other hand, the difficulty of
the Rite of Shedding Hide is lowered by 1 if you are molting.

Monogamous (1 point Flaw)

You are strictly monogamous (like several species of the
Bird Kings). Not only can you not mate with anyone but
your mate, you cannot even desire to do so. You may choose
a mate, or one may be chosen for you from suitable Kinfolk.
Note that your mate may also be your True Love (see the
Werewolf Players Guide for this Merit). This Flaw does not
guarantee that your mate will be monogamous, or that your
mate is of the opposite sex. However, your mate will regard
you favorably, at least at first.

72 Mokolé

uawAY


Small: (1 point Flaw)

You are a small creature in your Archid and Suchid form and are probably smaller than

normal even as a human. You have one less die on Social rolls and are not considered for

leadership. You have normal Rage and health levels, but have less body mass, and
Slime: (1 point Flaw)

subtract a die from your combat dice pools if you are brawling.
Your Archid form is slimy, and your human

Scavenger: (1 point Flaw) i
ve You are a carrion eater in your Archid form. This does not affect your
ase, XB combat abilities, but you cannot eat flesh that is not decayed. Fresh meat may :
Seven make you sick. You have bad breath (-1 die to Social rolls) and are ;
‘ 4 unwelcome at parties and feasts. However, any flesh, even completely :
5 RO Sind re} rotten, is nourishing to you.
% Speechless: (1 point Flaw)
ma 4 : an Due toa gap in your Mnesis, you are not fluent in the Dragon's
~s JN Tongue and cannot converse with other Mokolé when in Archid
| a or Suchid, save for primitive body language. You can eventually
\' buy off this Flaw by learning the Dragon's Tongue over time,
* . but be warned that it's a difficult business, and there are few
form sweats a great deal or has horrible body odor.

et
a)

Mokolé patient enough to give you the lessons you need
at times convenient for you.

Wherever you go, a trail of ooze follows. You receive

-2 dice to Social rolls.

Bad Muesis: (2-5 point Flaw)

Your Mnesis contains memories so horrible and
tainting that any attempt to use the Memory is fraught
‘with peril: you may retrieve false memories, remember

., something incorrectly, enter Harano or suffer Derange-
* ments. The more points in this Flaw, the more

dangerous it is: three points means that there is

a fair chance of any Mnesis quest ending badly,

while five points means that using Mnesis for

anything is sure to cause trouble.

 Cold-Blooded: (2 point Flaw)

», ‘Inall your forms, you have no natural
‘ . abiliry to regulate your body temperature. In
° warm weather, you get +1 Dexterity, but

after each hour of exertion you must rest

or cool yourself (such as with water) or
_ lose a health level. If it grows too hot,
"- + high temperatures alone have the
\. same detrimental effects of exer-
‘tion. In cold weather you suffer -1
Dexterity and -1 to Mental At-
tributes. In below-freezing weather
you take one health level of dam-
. age per hour from the cold, and
* you continue to get colder

Qt

,
yyw
~


——

until you fall unconscious. After a number of hours equal to
your Stamina, you will die. You may reverse this by heating
yourself, such as with heated coveralls or in a hot bath. This
Flaw is most common for suchids.

(Dream Hunter (2 point Flaw)

Your Mnesis contains a powerful and dangerous memory,
called a Dream Hunter. This deadly creature was roused
from slumber when you remembered the time and place
wherein it lived. Whenever it gets a chance, it will attack
you in Mnesis, trying to kill you or drive you mad. Your
dares with ittake piace in Mhesis, using spiritcombarrures:
Unless you are able to kill it permanently by finding the
place and time in the Memory whence it came and destroy-
ing it completely there, or by erasing Mnesis with the Rite
of the Burning Library, it will continue to hunt you and
anyone who inwits with you. This Flaw actually may include
more than one Dream Hunter, but usually only one will
appear at a time. More details on the statistics of these
creatures are in the Appendix; Night.

Exclusive Herbivore: (2 point Flaw)

Youare an herbivorous creature in your Archid form. Your
bite attack is 1 die lower, and the taste of blood sickens you. The
Storyteller may force you to spend a Willpower point to avoid
retching. You may not eat or digest anything that comes out of
an animal's body, including milk or eggs, in any of your forms;
this will sicken you and cause you to lose one health level.

Infamous ERer/Clutch: (2-4 point Flaw)

An elder in your clutch, who has authority over you, has
a bad reputation. Perhaps he has shown cowardice or broken
the Duties. You may be insulted or shown dishonor on his
account. You are three dice lower to dice pools for gaining
Renown anywhere but your home clutch. Alternatively you
may come from an entire clutch that is notorious for its words
otactions. The Storyteller will develop the exact details of the
dishonor but will not reveal everything to you right away.

Insane Elder: (2 point Flaw)

An elder in your clutch, one who gives you orders, has
Bad Mnesis and is horribly mad. His mental illness may not
be obvious to you. Indeed, you may not even know that he
is insane. However, any information he gives you is suspect
(the Storyteller may provide you with false information on
the chronicle setting through him) and his judgments and
sayings will be out of touch with reality. The other Mokolé
you know will be more and more aware of his foibles as time
goes by and will distrust you on his account.

Stende £2 paint Few
You have a repellent stench which penalizes Social

rolls by three dice in all your forms. Anything trying to track
you by scent has the difficulty lowered by 2, and you cannot

a 27 ee

mask the scent with perfume or wash it away. Most mam-
mals, such as horses and dogs, will be uneasy around you.

Sterile/Barren: (2 point Flaw)

For whatever reason, you are completely sterile. Unless
you "buy off' this Flaw with experience points (such as by
roleplaying a quest, magical gift, or operation), you will
remain so. If other Mokolé know this, they may assume that
you are diseased or Dissolver-ridden, or simply avoid you.
Youcannot gain Matre and are an undesirable mate: Mokolé
and Kin who know of your "curse" will not want even casual
intimacy wit you, excepr pertlaps ror same-sex relaviony:

Wall Eye: (2 point Flaw)

Your eyes do not allow binocular vision in any form.
You must turn your head to the side to look at something.
You get two fewer dice on all visual-based Perception rolls.

Eyes of the Tyrant: (3 point Flaw)

Like Tyrannosaurus rex, you have difficulty seeing non-
moving objects. You receive +3 to the difficulty of sight-
related Perception rolls. If any enemy can remain perfectly
still, you cannot see them at all.

Fallen Elder/Clutch: (3-5 point Flaw)

Whether or not you know it, the elder in your clutch has
fallen to the Dissolver. The nature of the temptation and his
weakness are not known to you automatically. The Story-
teller will create the sicuation and reveal it to you in the course
of the game. You may become aware of his nature through
knowing of cannibalism, alliances with fomori or vampires, or
other ghastly actions. If your entire clutch has fallen, you are
in serious trouble. First of all, you effectively have no clutch.
Second, your clutch will want to find you and either kill you
or make you like them. Third, other Mokolé will automati-
cally assume that you have fallen as well.

Hunted: (3 point Flaw)

You are hunted by human poachers, by Innocents in
the Umbra, by the Noonday Suns, by other creatures, or by
Garou. They will seek you out and try to kill you, or, worse,
capture you. They are armed with silver or gold weapons and
know about your abilities, even if they do not know much
about the Mokolé. They are not constantly on your trail, but
they will show up throughout the chronicle.

Limbless: (4 point Flaw)

Your Archid form has no useful limbs: you resemble a
giant snake, though you may have flippers and a tail. You
cannot manipulate anything and have no claw attack in
Archid form; your land speed is reduced to a crawl (1/4
speed). However, Nagah may be favorably disposed toward
you, should you ever happen to run into one.

Mokolé

a

ea,

NE SAS


as

Great Fossil Lizard: (S point Flaw)

Your dreaming was warped by the beliefs firmly held by
millions about prehistoric reptiles. You are not a real dino-
saur in your Archid form, but the old-school image of one.
You are cold-blooded, have a walnut-sized brain, are gray-
green in color, and lurch along slowly dragging your long
snaky tail. You are most comfortable living in a swamp and
eating soft waterweeds. Your Mental Attributes do not
change, but you have a tendency to think "slowly."

Merits of the Gumagan
Song Owner: (1 point Merit)

You have inherited knowledge of part of a mystic song
of the Dreamtime. This usually concerns the ancestors and
their deeds. You have gotten this song from your mother,
uncle, or from a Mokolé in your clutch. You may be the only
one alive who knows it. Each verse concerns a step of the
great journeys made by the ancestors. You thus also "inherit"
knowledge of a long series of desert trails, water holes, etc.,
although you do not own them. These places ritually belong
to you, and to anyone else who knows any verses of the song.
You have the right to sing this song and anyone else who
shares even a single line of the song will treat you as a
relative. You must pass the song on to your nephew, niece or
some other heir or to your child if you are female. In
addition, anthropologists might want to "study" you, lead-
ing to a useful source of cash and bizarre Weaver-trinkets.

Recommended Merits & Flaws

If the Storyteller allows players to take Merits &
Flaws, the following from the Werewolf Players Guide
are also quite appropriate for Mokolé:

¢ Psychological: Berserker, Intolerance (Garou),
Territorial

e Awareness: Color Blindness, Hard of Hearing,
Bad Sight

© Aptitudes: Jack-of-all-Trades (gained through
Mnesis)

e Supernatural: True Love, True Faith (Sun),
Banned Transformation (when the sun cannot be seen),
Foe From the Past

* Physical: Bad Taste, Lack of Scent, Longevity,
Huge Size, Strict Carnivore, Mute

Merits of the Makara
High Caste: (1 point Merit)

You were fortunate enough to be born into the Kshatriya
ot Brahmin caste, and thus are accorded a fair amount of
respect among your society. You receive two extra dice to
Social rolls when dealing with the humans of your home-
land. Only homid Makara may take this Merit.


Ghar: (3 point Merit)

This Merit is for Gharials only; it indicates a swollen red
lump on your Suchid-form snout. This adds two dice to
Social rolls among other Makara, and allows the Mokolé to
spend Gnosis to add to chances of siring a true offspring. For
each Gnosis spent in mating rites, 1% is added to the chance
of a true Mokolé being born.

Merits of the Zhong Lung
Same-Gito Kin: (1 point Merit)

You are Kin to the weresharks of the East. The Story-
teller will create the Same-Bito school who are related to
you, but will not divulge all this information to you; you may
not know much about them. Should you meet any Same-
Bito, they will likely respect you and listen to you.

Flaws of the Zhong Lung
Fear of Jron: (1 point Flaw)

You can be banished by means of iron. A hunter may
throw iron into your pond, or strike you with iron. If his
Willpower overcomes yours in an opposed roll, you must flee.

Fertile Essence: (1 point Flaw)

You are filled with life-giving essence, to the peril of
anyone who knows you. If anyone drinks from the same glass
as you, uses the same bathing pool, or even handles your
clothing or utensils, they can have children who will resemble
you. Even people who are sterile or barren might become

Sroo4

pregnant because of you (Storyteller's option, and certainly
not applicable to metis characters). This can become annoy-
ing, and cause some serious misunderstandings.

Stone Blind: (2 point Flaw)

You cannot see stones, or anything made of stone. If
something is made of stone with other material added, such as
mortar or paint, you know that it is there but cannot really teil
what it is. You cannot read writings on stone tablets or markers
and cannot see stones in your path, even if you trip on them.
The Storyteller is urged to invent humorous uses for this.

Coming of Age
in the Mesozoic

Peter and the two Mokolé sat by a fire, finishing a haunch
of wallaby that Peter had run down into a two-perenry ambush.
"So, how do you, uh, become Mokolé? The Memory tells me a
lot, but it's got to be different from how we do it."

The Mokolé rite of passage is profoundly different from
that of the Garou. Mokolé, like Garou, rarely have a Mokolé
child. More often, Mokolé are born from human or reptile
Kin. Although long ago Kin-Fetch spirits bound themselves
to Mokolé during the hatching rites, attrition has naturally
resulted in large numbers of "lost hatchlings." These unfor-
tunates often have no one to guide them through the
Change, but Mnesis means that no Mokolé is wholly lost.

The Mokolé may be aware of her heritage through
being told of it, through tracing lineages, or through dreams
and visions. Even if she does not know she is a Mokolé, she

meth Fe ee"

".

~ | call
: {ot eg ant nS vay

- ~ @


will eventually undergo the dreaming. Exactly when this
happens is up to the Storyteller. Mokolé do not kidnap their
hatchlings as Garou do, though a trip away from human
parents might be in order. Sometimes Mokolé elders take
hatchlings on "camp-outs" or pilgrimages to teach them the
Old Ways, or arrange for a "visit to relatives."

The hatchling falls into a deep trance. Sometimes the
trance lasts only a single day. Rarely, it lasts so long that the
Mokolé could be mistaken for dead. While entranced, she
dreams of the past as Mnesis takes hold.

The exact nature of the dreams varies. In some cases,
the dream consists of a series of scenes. In each scene, one of
the characteristics of the Mokolé's Archid form is acquired
through evolution. For example, Wind-Beneath-Her-Wings
dreamed of being a primeval reptile with skinfolds, who
leaped off a cliff to escape a pursuer and learned to fly.
Kwame Wisdom of Sun was drawn by voices he could not
hear to an ancient wallow, where Horseshoe Crab crawled
up and introduced him to three animals, each of whom
showed him one of the traits of his Archid form. In other
cases, the trance is a story that teaches the hatchling

important lessons. In still other cases, the dream is of the last
ancestor who was a true Mokolé. When the dream is over,
the Mokolé wakes, and has full shapeshifting abilities.
However, she may still need to learn Mokol€é lore and skills.

In game terms, this means that the Storyteller can
create a story as a prelude for the character. Other players
can play "walk-on" parts from the past, or the clutch can
undergo their rite of passage together. Experience points
from the story can fuel the acquisition of new skills or make
the character stronger.

During the trance, the new Mokolé may be confronted
by the Innocents, who will assume a shape appropriate to the
setting and attack her or try to lead her astray. If she defeats
them, they will not return to haunt her later. [fnot, then the
next time she is in the Umbra, they will attack. Physically,
Mokolé often end up moving towards a wallow or towards
the location of a Sleeping Dragon. Consciously or other-
wise, the hatchling will try to unite with Mokolé society.
Great tales and songs concern hatchlings who crossed entire
continents drawn only by urges that they could not explain,
to be received with joy by their new clutch.

Afternoon: Dragon Making 77

|


Come not between the dragon and his wrath.
~~ Shakespeare, King Lear

Sunand his allied spirits grant the Mokolé many Gifts.
Mokolé can learn Gifts from each other, from spirits, or
from Mnesis. The rules for learning them from another
Mokolé or from a spirit are the same as for Garou, except
that many spirits which help Garou are not friendly to
Mokolé. Such spirits as Wolf, Bear, Porcupine and the like
will not usually help Mokolé. However, the Mokolé may
yet make some kind of deal with them — or failing that,
threaten them in some way.

Gifts can be learned through Mnesis, if the Gift is
present anywhere in the Mokolé's Mnesis line (Storyteller's
option). The character must go into a Mnesis trance, then
must spend as much time entranced as it would take to learn
the Gift from another Mokolé. Then she must make a
Mnesis roll and score a number of successes equal to the level
of the Gift (she must, of course, be of high enough Rank to
learn the Gift she seeks). If she succeeds, she learns the Gift.
Experience point costs are the same as normal. To learn
Mokolé Gifts, the difficulty of the roll is 8. With non-
Mokolé Gifts it is 9 or 10.

A beginning Mokolé starts with two Gifts, one for her
solar auspice and one from the basic list.

Generic Mokolé Gifts

* Falling Touch (Level One) — As the Garou Gift.
Normally taught bya spirit of the Dinosaur Kings or Bird Kings.

¢ Fatal Flaw (Level One) —- As the Shadow Lord Gift.

¢ Find Land (Level One) — By focusing his attention
onto the balance of land and water, the Mokolé can locate
the nearest fixed land amidst the waters of swamp or sea.
This Gift is taught by a Turtle-spirit.

System: The player makes a Perception + Survival roll,
difficulty 6. One success indicates the direction of the land.
Three successes indicate the distance; five allow the Mokolé
to tell whether the land is dangerous or contaminated.

© Find Water (Level One) — As the Gift: Find Land,
save that the Mokolé can find any water within twenty miles,
and likewise tell if the water is contaminated if he achieves
enough successes. This Gift is taught by a Lizard-spirit.

* Inspiration (Level One) — As the Ahroun Gift.

¢ Razor Claws (Level One) — As the Ahroun Gift;
needless to say, this works only in Archid form.

* Scent of Sweet Nectar (Level One) — As the
Bone Gnawer Gift: Scent of Sweet Honey. It is taught by
a Bee-spirit.

Evening: Dragon's Eye 79


* Sense Dissolver (Level One) — As the metis Gift:
Sense Wyrm.

¢ Sense Moon (Level One) — This Gift enables the
user to detect a child of the Moon — usually a fellow
shapechanger (save for Corax, Ananasi or Nuwisha).

System: The player rolls Perception + Occult, diffi-
culty 7. With three successes, he can tell what kind of moon
creature is involved; five allows a rough estimate of rank and
abilities. This Gift is taught by a Sun-spirit.

* Sense Prey (Level One) —- The Mokolé knows the
trick of locating prey animals in a given area. An Alligator-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Willpower point, and rolls
Perception + Primal-Urge, difficulty 7. Each success leads
the Mokolé to enough prey for one meal: enough successes
can feed an entire clutch.

* Shed (Level One) —~ By quickly shedding his outer
skin, the Mokolé can escape an enemy's hold or slip through
atight area. A Lizard-spirit or Snake-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: By making a successful Dexterity + Primal-
Urge roll (difficulty 7), the Mokolé can either automatically
escape any grappling attack, or lower the difficulty of escap-
ing restraints or slipping through tight squeezes by 2.

* Sight of the True Form (Level One) — As the
Garou Gift: Scent of the True Form. This Gift is taught by
a spirit of the Predator Kings.

¢ Speed of Thought (Level One) — As the Silent
Striders Gift, save that the Mokolé must spend two Gnosis
rather than one to activate the land speed.

* Tailbiter's Mumble (Level One) —- The Mokolé
may bite her tail in her mouth and roll any distance desired
as quickly as her human form runs. This Gift is taught by
Hoopsnake.

System: The Mokolé must be in Suchid or Archid, and
spend a Willpower point; apart from that, the movement
bonuses are automatic.

* Talk (Level One) — This Gift permits the Mokolé
to speak any human language he knows while in Suchid or
Archid form. This Gift is taught by a Bird-spirit.

System: No roll is necessary; the Mokolé becomes
automatically capable of speech in all forms. With a success-
ful Mnesis roll, difficulty 8, the Mokolé can also speak any
of the other Béte's languages for the duration of a scene.

* Axis Mundi (Level Two) — By attuning himself to
the land, the Mokolé can learn precisely where Sun is in
relation to Earth. A Sun-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point; the Gift
automatically grants knowledge of the exact time, season,
the Mokolé's placement on the Earth, and the direction that
he is facing.

Sense Gold (Level Two) — As the Ahroun Gift:
Sense Silver, save that it detects the presence of gold.

¢ Silver Claws (Level Two) — As the Ahroun Gift.

No common "Gold Claws" variant exists; the Mokolé have

fought against other shapechangers much more often than
they've fought against one another.

¢ Stinking Breath (Level Two) — The Mokolé can
breathe out stinking gases that repel anything that breathes,
making them flee. This Gift is taught by a Garbage-spirit or
a Monitor-lizard spirit.

System: The Mokolé spends a Gnosis point and breathes
on her enemies. Air-breathing creatures (obviously, the
undead are immune) are repelled by the smell and try to flee
the encounter, unless they successfully make an opposed
Gnosis roll against the Mokolé's Gnosis.

© Tides of Lust (Level Two) — This Gift is most
common among the Gila monsters and Mexican beaded
lizards of the American Southwest, the Unktehi, who learn
it from a Rooster-spirit. It gives them power over the tides
within someone's body.

System: The Mokolé begins to dance and rolls Rites +
Expression, difficulty 7. If the target already loves someone
else the difficulty is 8, or 9 if the target is very old or attracted
to the same sex. The number of successes determines the
number of hours that the person will be unnaturally lusty.
Impotence, if any, disappears, the target becomes fertile if
ordinarily sterile (unless the target is metis, of course), and
the target also becomes a little more open-minded about
potential partners. Even so, the Mokolé must still seduce the
person through roleplaying, as this Gift does not implant
obvious desire — it merely removes barriers.

¢ Waxwork Monster (Level Two) — Brought to light
recently by the Shining, this Gift lets a Mokolé take advan-
tage of the fact that "dinosaurs are extinct" to hide in plain
sight even in Archid form. Essentially, the Mokolé takes on
the appearance of a model or dummy. A Tuatara-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Stamina + Expression. For each success, he can freeze in
place for one hour unnoticed by anyone. In Suchid form, he
appears to be a stuffed crocodile; in Homid form, he seems
to be a mannequin or waxwork. In Archid form the Mokolé
appears to be a life-size fiberglass or cement dinosaur model,
but cannot cause the Delirium unless he moves or speaks.
Some Shining will even carry around a small label designat-
ing the species of dinosaur that they are supposed to be. Of
course, the "statue" will arouse suspicion if there is not
supposed to be a statue in the place where the Mokolé is
hiding. Whole clutches have concealed themselves this way
as roadside attractions and the like.

* Bark of the Mudpuppy (Level Three) — This
Gift allows the Mokolé to bark loudly at any one person
or object, shattering glass, splintering light wood or
even opening wounds on a living being. This Gift is
taught by Mudpuppy.

System: The bark does one health level of aggravated
damage, but automatically strikes its target. There is no
actual cost.


* Dragon's Breath (Level Three) — This Gift allows
the Mokolé to spit fire, as do the Dragon Kings. This Gift is
taught by Dragon himself.

System: This costs one point of Rage per burst. To hit,
the player rolls Dexterity + Brawl, difficulty 8; the flame
does two health levels of aggravated damage. For each extra
Rage point spent, one extra level of damage is done. Thus a
Mokolé could spend four Rage and do five health levels of
ageravated damage.

* Dragonfear (Level Three) —- This Gift invokes an
aura of menace so terrible that the Mokolé's Archid form is
capable of inducing the night-fear in any creatures, super-
natural or otherwise. This Gift is taught by Dragon.

System: The Mokolé spends a Rage point to invoke the
fear for one scene; all witnesses become subject to the
Delirium. Note that the other creatures may roll Wits +
Occult to move up on the Delirium Chart as usual. How-
ever, creatures created to be immune to the Delirium, such
as fomori, can still experience the effects of the Delirium
when this Gift is used.

* Walking Between Worlds (Level Three) — Mokolé
with this Gift are finally able to breach the Gauntlet and
enter the Umbra. Most typically, they go into water in-
stead of using a mirror in order to step sideways. This Gift
is taught by any spirit who knows how to materialize in the
physical world.

System: Once this Gift is learned, the Mokolé may step
sideways just as Garou do.

« Attunement (Level Four) —~ As the Bone Gnawer Gift.

* Cocoon (Level Four) — As the Homid Garou Gift.
Mokolé adepts often use the Cocoon to protect them when
sleeping the Sleep of the Dragon.

¢ View the Seed (Level Four) — This Gift comes from
the belief that all things are but a dream of the idea or object
that birthed them. It allows the user to see the "seed" of
anything, from the parents of a child to the mastermind of
a plot. Note that some things result from the growth of
several "seeds." A Mokolé looking at America, for instance,
could see any number of things John Locke in his study,
Native Americans planting maize, Africans bought with
Boston rum...}. The Gumagan are most likely to learn this
Gift, which is taught by Finch.

System: The Mokolé rolls Perception + Mnesis, diffi-
culty 7. If the thing to be seen is outside the Mnesis of the
Mokolé's line, the difficulty is 8. In the case of truly alien
causes and effects, the difficulty could be 9 (Vhujunka
plotting to sail into the Deep Umbra, etc.).

* Grasp the Beyond (Level Five) —- As the Level Four
Theurge Gift.

¢ Song of the Great Beast (Level Five) — As the lupus
Gift. Usually the Dinosaur Kings will teach this Gift only to
suchids, and they can use it to summon dinosaur Great
Beasts. Note, however, that such monsters as sea scorpions
and giant sharks also lie within Mnesis, and if the Kings
decided to teach these Songs, then they could do so.

Gifts of the Gumagan

¢ Songlines (Level One) — This Gift covers the
landscape with songs. The Gumagan can navigate from one
end of Bandaiyan to the other using legends. This Gift is
taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

System: The Gumagan sets out on a journey and begins
the Song. He rolls Gnosis and adds to the number of
successes the number of sacred songs he knows. The diffi-
culty is 6 in his tribe's territory, 7 outside. In lands other than
Bandaiyan it is 10. The number of successes is the number
of times by which the distance is divided when calculating
the length of the trip.

© Dreamwalk (Level Two) — The Gumagan may use
her connection to the Dreamtime to lower the Gauntlet. A
Dreamtime-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Gumagan must concentrate on the spirit
world for a full turn; for the duration of the very next turn,
the local Gauntlet is lowered by 2.

* Bunyip's Boom (Level Three) —- The Gumagan
may reach into Mnesis and imitate the mournful cry of the
Bunyip. This Gift is taught by servants of Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-
dan the Bunyip.

System: The Gumagan spends one Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Performance, difficulty 7. Anyone who hears
this roaring noise loses a number of Willpower points equal
to the number of successes scored by the Gumagan. Many
foes will flee on hearing the echoes of the land's past.

* Landspeak (Level Three) — The Aboriginal folk of
Bandaiyan know the land as a series of interconnected
songlines, the Ways of the Law. By listening carefully,
Gumagan can hear the songs of the earth. A servant of
Ngalyod the Rainbow Serpent teaches this Gift.

System: The Gumagan puts his ear to the ground or
into a waterhole. He then makes a Gnosis roll, difficulty 6.
The number of successes is the number of miles within
which he can hear The Song. He will know what the Earth
thinks of events on its surface within this area. If he makes
a Mnesis roll instead, he can hear echoes of the past. Note
that this Gift is not considered eavesdropping, but rather
overhearing the Earth's commentary.

¢ Nightmare Mnesis (Level Four) —- The Gumagan
can overcome any foe with Mnesis, forcing them to remem-
ber the atrocities committed on the Aboriginal peoples and
animals of the land. This Gift is taught by a Bunyip ghost.

System: The Gumagan looks into her foe's eyes and
makes a Mnesis roll, difficulty of the opponent's Willpower.
If she succeeds, the foe will remember lifetimes of slaughter,
torture, rape and defilement. He must make a Willpower
check, difficulty 7, or fall into despair (usually Harano).
Many who have been struck by this Gift have harmed
themselves or sought to atone for the crimes they recall.

¢ Billabong Walk (Level Five) —The Gumagan goes
into any body of water suitable for his varna (fresh or salt for
salties, waterholes or streams for perenty) and emerges from

Evening: Dragon's Eye &i


another. He must have bathed in the water where he plans
to emerge before using this Gift. This Gift is taught by
servants of the Bunyip.

System: The Gumagan submerges himself entirely and
spends two Gnosis. He then reappears in the target body of water.

® Bloody-Mindedness (Level Five) — The Gumagan
can "point herself' at a chosen goal or foe, a "life-eenemy."
She will pursue this goal until death and beyond. A servant
of Mu-ru-bul Tu-ru-dan the Bunyip teaches this Gift.

System: The Gumagan spends two points of Will-
power. Afterwards, she neither eats nor sleeps unless she
wishes to do so. She may add two to her dice pools for any
task related to her goal. The sheer intensity of her search will
usually frighten anyone into helping her: Bloody-Minded
Gumagan are often on the edge of frenzy every minute. She
may not be persuaded to abandon her quest by any super-
natural means (treat as the Merit: Iron Will). In combat
against her life-enemy, she will gain one extra attack per
round, with the difficulty of attacks against her target
reduced by one. She may not dodge attacks from any other
combatant, but her dice pool to soak damage is doubled.

Gifts of the Makara

* The Thousand Arrows (Level Three)
— This Gift allows a Makara marksman to
greatly multiply his missiles in mid-flight; an
archer can send a swarm of arrows, and a
machine gun spits forth a cloud of bullets. This
Gift is taught by a Wasp-spirit.

System: The Makara spends one Gnosis and one
Rage. Whatever firearm, bow, crossbow or hurled
weapon he is using gains the benefits of firing full
auto (Werewolf, pg. 230), but the difficulty to hit is
raised by two rather than three.

¢ Great as a White Hill (Level Five) — As the Fianna
Gift: Gift of the Spriggan. It is taught by a Monkey-spirit.

Gifts of the Mokolé-mbembe

* Beak of the Finch (Level Three) — This Gift is
taught by Finch, the master of adaptation. Finch helps
Mokolé adapt to new situations in order to survive. They do
so by reshaping themselves into a form which can accom-
plish a goal.

System: The Mokolé spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Mnesis + Survival. She then exerts herself toward the
desired change. To grow fins, she jumps into water and starts
paddling. To grow a long neck she would stretch. This Gift
cannot create anything new, but can adapt existing body
parts to new situations. Arms could grow into wings, but a
new pair of limbs would not appear from nowhere. Likewise,
lungs could become gills, but to breathe air again, the
Mokolé would have to change back. The effects last for one
scene per Gnosis point spent.

82

© Heat Wave (Level Three) — The Mokolé can bring
the heat of Lord Sun to burn his enemies. Many can stand
chill, but no living thing can stand endless heat. A Sun-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé dances the Steps of the Sun
and spends | Gnosis. She then rolls Wits + Expression,
difficulty 5 if it is warm, 6 if cool and 8 if cold. If below
freezing, the difficulty is 9. The difficulty drops by 1 for
each hour of dancing, and increases by I if the Mokolé
cannot dance except with hand motions (due to injury or
imprisonment). For each success, one mile of territory
surrounding the Mokolé is heated to heatwave tempera-
tures (130°F). Any creature vulnerable to heat will lose
one die from their dice pools per hour. The effects last for
one hour per point of Gnosis spent. They cannot last for
more than one hour after sunset.

® Walk into My Eyes (Level Four) — This powerful
Gift allows weakness to become strength. The Mokolé have
been endlessly persecuted: under some circumstances, this
can be an advantage. An Ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé stares into the eyes of a foe and
tolls Mnesis. The difficulty is 5 for a relative (including

Nagah, Corax and Kin), 7 for a
~. being who shares even one
common ancestor (anyone
born human, any saurian, and
any Changer), and 9 for some-

thing completely alien. For each success, the foe is over-
whelmed for one turn by memory as he sees all of life from
the Mokolé's point of view. During this time he will not
attack the Mokolé (although he may defend himself if
attacked) and will not be able to use any specific Gifts or
powers of his own kind (such as Garou-only Gifts,
shapeshifting, or vampiric Disciplines). After returning to
himself, the target is often profoundly changed. Reactions
vary: Garou have withdrawn into eternal Harano, while a
Sabbat Priscus blessed by this Gift ended his unlife after
seeing what he had lost centuries ago. The Storyteller
should determine fairly what each target would do.

Gifts of the Zhong Lung

* Chi'ih Ming (Level One) — Chi'ih Ming is an old
word meaning balloon, and using this Gift, a Mokolé may
walk on air at normal walking pace. A Bird-spirit teaches
this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Dexterity + Athletics. One success enough to activate this Gift.

¢ Shou (Level One) — As the Level Three Philodox
Gift: Wisdom of the Ancient Ways.

* Serenity (Level Four) — As the Children of Gaia Gift.

Auspice Gifts
Rising Sun (Tung Chun/Vasanta)

¢ Bellow (Level One) —- The Mokolé can shake the
swamps with his powerful voice, terrifying all who hear him.
A Crocodile-spirit or Alligator-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a Rage point and rolls Rage
ot Willpower. Difficulty is the target's Willpower: if the roll
is successful, then the listeners react as per the Delirium
Reaction Chart, using the target's Willpower minus the
number of successes after the first as a guide.

* Eye of the Raptor (Level One) — By calling on her
feathered cousins' talents, the Mokolé gains the ability to
see for a number of miles as if the distance were a mere
twenty yards or so. This Gift is taught by a Bird-spirit.

System: The user rolls Perception + Alertness, diffi-

culty 8. The number of successes equals the number of

miles the Mokolé can see clearly, although he cannot see
through obstacles.

¢ Paint the Meadows (Level Two) — The Mokolé
can utter pitiable moans to lure her prey. Usually used
from hiding, this Gift is suitable for hunters and fighters.
Blue Jay teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Wits + Expression as the
character moans and whimpers. The difficulty is the
target's Willpower or 5, whichever is higher. For each
success, the target moves closer for one turn— however,
the spell is broken if the target suffers any pain.

Ma

* Sense Silver (Level Two) — As the Ahroun Gift.

¢ Dragon's Tongue (Level Three) — This enables the
Mokolé to call lightning down on a target. This Gift is
taught by a Lightning-Bringer.

System: The player spends a Willpower point and rolls
Strength + Intimidation, difficulty 6. Each success inflicts
one die of aggravated damage on the target. The difficulty VA
may be increased at the Storyteller's option if there is no
storm, no clouds, the Mokolé is inside, or other unfavorable
conditions are present.

* Call the Tides (Level Three) — This Gift makes the
Mokolé able to bend the tides to his will. The Gift is taught
by Tidekeeper.

System: The Mokolé must be in sight of a tidal body of
water (ocean, sea, river estuary). The player then makes a
Gnosis roll, difficulty of 8. The number of successes deter-
mines the result:

1 The tides come in or go out twice as fast as usual.
2 Tides can be reversed, and will come in instead of
go out or vice versa.
3 High tide or low tide can be brought in one scene.
4 Unusual tides (spring tide or neap tide) can be
brought in one scene
5+ Freakish tides (i.e. 30' tides in Florida) can occur in
one scene.
* Combat Healing (Level Three) — As the Level
Three Ahroun Gift.

© Hot Ichor (Level Three) — This Gift makes the
Mokolé able to gain a pool of heat energy, increasing his
prowess in hunting or battle. A Raptor-spirit teaches this Gift.
System: By spending Rage, the character gains a tempo-
rary "heat pool" of one point per Rage point spent. Beginning
the next turn, the Mokolé can then spend the points in the heat
pool toadd to Physical Attributes; the bonuses last for one turn.
The pool maximum is the Mokolé's Homid-form Stamina + 5.
® Might of the Kings (Level Three) — As the Get of
Fenris Gift: Might of Thar.
© Anger of the Wani (Level Four) — As the Level Five
Wendigo Gift: Invoke the Spirits of the Storm. Upon using this
Gift, the Mokolé falls into a trance until Sun rises once more.
He offers his dreams to the Dragon Kings as thanks for this Gift.
* Scream of Gaia (Level Four) — As the Get of Fenris Gift.
* Jointsnake's Mojo (Level Five) — This Gift enables
the Mokolé to rejoin severed body parts without even
touching them. A severed arm will twitch and quickly
wriggle back to the stump, rejoining the 'gator's body as
neatly as you could ask. This Gift is taught by Jointsnake.
System: To rejoin a body part, the player need only spend
one Gnosis. The severed parts must be reasonably whole (i.e.,
not eaten or crushed) and they must be nearby for the Gift to
work. This doesn't heal any health levels of damage, but a
Mokolé with this Gift can spend a Gnosis to
\ avoid receiving any Battle Scars.

¢ Wall of Granite (Level Five) — As the Philodox Gift.

Noonday Sun (Nam Hsia/Grisma)

© Gold Claws (Level One) — As the Ahroun Gift:
Silver Claws, save that the Mokolé's claws become gold.
This Gift is mainly used against fallen or undutiful Mokolé.

¢ Sight of the True Form (Level One) — As the
common Gift.

¢ Truth of Olodumare (Level One) — As the Garou
Gift: Truth of Gaia. This Gift is taught by a Sun-spirit.

¢ Calm (Level Two) — As the Children of Gaia Gift.
This Gift is taught by a Tuatara-spirit.

¢ Strength of Purpose (Level Two) — As the Level
Two Philodox Gift.

¢ Tame Sunbeam (Level Two) —- Sun, whom the
Mokolé call The Face of God, is opposed to evil and
darkness. He teaches his children to call upon his aid when
they need it. A Sun-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé must spend a Gnosis point, roll
Intelligence + Occult, difficulty 6, and add any True Faith
in Sun to the result. The effects last for one scene, plus one
more scene for each additional Gnosis point spent.
Successes Effects
1 Illuminate any dark area with ambient light
2 Suncan pierce clouds or trees with enough bright-
ness point out targets or injure vampires


yy

—

3 The sun's rays are as strong through water, glass,
clouds or cover as from a clear sky.

4 Sun's rays can light fires or bring heat when it is
cold, or appear inside windowless building during
the daytime.

5+ Sun can shine at night.

* Clear Mind (Level Three) —— This Gift allows fair
judgment, no matter what the distractions. A Crow-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé may spend as many Willpower
point as she likes; each point spent adds a die to the Mental
dice pool of her choice. The effects last for the duration of
the scene.

¢ Dragon's Tongue (Level Three) — As the Rising
Sun Gift. The difficulty may be lessened, at the Storyteller's
option, if the target is a Mokolé who has failed the Duties.

¢ Eyes of the Cobra (Level Three) — As the Galliard Gift.

* Raptor's Gaze (Level Four) — As the Fianna Gift:
Balor's Gaze.

* Serenity (Level Four) — As the Children of Gaia Gift.

¢ Strength of the Dominator (Level Four) — As the
Shadow Lord Gift.

* Geas (Level Five) — As the Philodox Gift.

* Sleep of the Dragon (Level Five) — This Gift allows
the Mokolé to enter a state of estivation. She sleeps for a
time limited by duration (for instance, "three moons") or
condition ("when the lake fills with water"). In either case,
she sets the waking condition herself. The Mokolé does not
age as she sleeps, though she may dream. Usually the Mokolé
buries herself in mud as she sleeps. The sleeping Mokolé is
awakened by being moved or touched, but not by ordinary
noises. A Dragon-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé may enter the sleep as an act of
will. If she sleeps for longer than the duration of one story,
then she regains all her spent Gnosis.

* Wisdom of the Sun (Level Five) —- As the Stargazer
Gift: Wisdom of the Seer, save that the Mokolé must gaze
directly on Lord Sun's face.

Setting Sun (Tung Chun/Dasanta)

* Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Theurge Gift.

¢ Resist Pain (Level One) — As the Philodox Gift.

¢ Clap of Thunder (Level Two) — As the Shadow
Lord Gift.

* Paint the Meadows (Level Two) — As the Rising
Sun Gift.

¢ Spew (Level Two) — The Warding may guard the
nest with a spew of slippery ooze. He can drink a few gallons
of water and spit it out as a slimy mess. This Gift is taught by
Frog or Snail-spirits.

System: The Mokolé must have drunk quite a bit of water
within the last 24 hours before using this Gift, although some

Evening: Dragon's Eye
a ae Pee

drink oil as. a precursor. The player rolls Stamina + Expression,
difficulty 7, as the Mokolé spews out water and slime onto any
surface. The number of successes determines the radius, mea-
sured in paces, of the area covered with slippery slobber. Any
creature treading on the place must make a Dexterity roll (plus
Acrobatics, if any) or slip and fall. Mokolé may also slime
pathways with their vomit, urine or other bodily fluids, result-
ing in offensive odors as well as slippery surfaces.

e Armor of the Tortoise (Level Three) — This Gift
enables the Mokolé to form a hard shell around his skin
while in Archid or Suchid form, protecting himself even
further from harm. The Gift is taught by a Turtle or Tor-
toise-spirit.

System: The player rolls Stamina + Primal Urge,
difficulty 6; the Mokolé must spend a turn in deep con-
centration. The number of successes is the number of dice
added to the dice pool for soak rolls. These dice are in
addition to any armor already possessed, but the Gift can be
activated only once per scene.

¢ Combat Healing (Level Three) — As the Ahroun Gift.

* Might of the Kings (Level Three) — As the Get of
Fenris Gift: Might of Thor.

® Clenched Jaw (Level Four) — As the Ahroun Gift.

¢ Hot Ichor (Level Four) — As the Level Three
Rising Sun Gift.

* Halo of the Sun (Level Five) — As the Children of
Gaia Gift.

* Fossilize (Level Five) — This Gift allows the Mokolé
to consign an enemy to memory — by fossilizing him for the
edification of further generations. Paleontologists, needless
to say, would probably be baffled by the results. A Death-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé points a bone at an enemy; the
player rolls Gnosis, resisted by the enemy's Willpower. For
each success, one health level of unsoakable aggravated
damage cripples the target. If the target dies from the effects,
he becomes a petrified fossil instantly.

Midnight Sun (Pei Tung/Hemanta)

* Darksight (Level One) — The Shining can draw on
the ambient light of the Penumbra to see clearly in darkness.
This Gift is taught by a Moon-spiric.

System: The player spends a Willpower point; the
effects last for one scene. The Mokolé can see without
penalty in all darkness save the complete absence of
light, and even then he can discern a vague outline of
his surroundings.

* Lambent Flame (Level One) — As the Silver Fang
Gift. This is taught by a Fire-spirit or by a Sun-Spirit.

® Sense Sun (Level One) — As the common Gift:
Sense Moon, save that it allows the user to discern the
presence of Sun creatures such as Mokolé and Corax. This
Gift is taught by a Moon-spirit.


® Spirits of Laughter (Level One) — This Gift allows the
Midnight Sun to invoke Laughter-spirits which make every-
thing seem funny. A Mockingbird-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Mokolé spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Gnosis. The difficulty is 6 for friends, 7 for strangers, 9 for
enemies. For each success, one remark that someone makes
will cause everyone to laugh merrily.

© Talk (Level One) — As the generic Gift.

¢ Dreamspeak (Level Two) — As the Galliard Gift.

* Breaking the Tomorrow Wall (Level Two) — This
is a foretelling Gift, taught by a Crane-spirit. It enables the
Mokolé to remember the future, however inaccurately.

System: The Mokolé burns a bird feather; the player
spends one Gnosis point and rolls Perception + Enigmas,
difficulty 6. The Mokolé can then peer beyond tomorrow
and learn one vague insight per success rolled.

* Glib Tongue (Level Two) — As the Fianna Gift.
This is taught by a Parrot-spirit.

* Become Log (Level Three) —- As the Ragabash Gift:
Blissful Ignorance, save that the Mokolé must be on a forest
floor, ina stream or lake, or in another environment familiar
to his varna. This Gift is taught by an Alligator-spirit.

* Invisibility (Level Three) —~ As the Uktena Gift.

* Open Sun Bridge (Level Three) —~- As the Ragabash
Gift: Open Moon Bridge.

* Fool's Luck (Level Four) -- The Shining, being
owed favors by many spirits of fortune, becomes largely
immune to ill luck in all its forms. This Gift is taught by a
Trickster-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls Gnosis,
difficulty 8. Each success allows the character to convert one
botched roll into a simple failure; the player may choose
when to invoke this special favor, but the effects last only for
one scene.

¢ Shadows by the Fire Light (Level Four) — As the
Galliard Gift, save that Mokolé often tell stories as sunshafts burn
dazzlingly through the trees into the wallow's darkness. When
this Gift is combined with Mnesis, the result is a unique art called
inwitting, in which the teller sends her audience into the
memory-dreams of the Dragon Folk. This enables a storyteller to
set tales in the past as far back as the Mokolé who is telling the
story can remember. A Shadow-spirit teaches this Gift.

* Sleep of the Dragon (Level Five) —- As the Noonday
Sun Gift.

* Steal Shape (Level Five) —- This Gift is rare: only
two lineages possessing it are known to have survived the
Wars of Rage. It enables a Mokolé to study the shape of
another being for a span of time, and then to take that shape
as her new breed form. In this way, the Mokolé have
survived millennia of evolution on Gaia's Face. This Gift is
taught by a Lungfish-spirit.

System: The Mokolé must study the new shape for at
least a year. At the end of that time, she may spend a point of
permanent Gnosis and assume the new shape. The shape

must be close enough to the old one that her soul will inhabit
it. The Storyteller is free to rule on what will and will not
work. Normally the Mokolé will then pass this shape on to her
offspring, and they will replace one of her forms with the new.
Only a few Mokolé have managed to make this work, but it
is how anew varna comes to be able to incarnate shapeshifter
souls, and is allegedly responsible for the rise of both the Corax
and Nagah. Some loremasters say that all the Changing
Breeds originated this way. However, this is unlikely.

* Thousand Secret Faces (Level Five) — This Gift is
taught only to trusted friends. It allows the user to assume
the illusion of almost any shape that she has personally seen.
This is not true shapeshifting but is an almost perfect
simulation. This Gift is taught by a spirit of deception.

System: The user must spend some times studying the
shape she wishes to take. At the Storyteller's discretion, the
difficulty may increase if she does not study it long enough.
She then spends one point each of Willpower and Gnosis
and rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge, difficulty 7. The
effects last for one day per success; the user may dispel the
illusion at any time. When trying to penetrate this illusion,
such as by using Gifts, the difficulty is at least 9.

* Take the True Form (Level Five) — As the Level
Four Philodox Gift.

Shrouded Sun (Sai Chau/Zarad)

* Call the Rain (Level One) — A power that has been
responsible for more than one crocodile cult, this Gift allows
the Mokolé to summon rain from a clear sky. It is taught by
Rainbird or Rain-spirits.

System: The player rolls Expression + Rituals, diffi-
culty 6. One success brings a spatter. Three bring a steady
drizzle. Five or more bring rain. If rain is already falling when
the Mokolé uses this Gift, it becomes a downpour. Ifa heavy
rain is already falling, the result is a catastrophic flood.

¢ Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Theurge Gift.

¢ Sense Designer (Level One) — As the metis Gift:
Sense Wyrm, save that it detects Weaver manifestations.

* Sense Dissolver (Level One) — As the metis Gift:
Sense Wyrm.

¢ Sense Magic (Level One) — As the Uktena Gift.

¢ Spirit Speech (Level One) — As the Theurge Gift.

¢ Talk (Level One) — As the generic Gift.

« Breaking the Tomorrow Wall (Level Two) — As
the Midnight Sun Gift.

¢ Dream the Matre's Mind (Level Two) — This Gift,
taught by human Ancestor-spirits or an animal spirit espe-
cially renowned for along memory, such as Elephant, allows
the Mokolé to leave her body behind as her spirit slips into
the astral realm, or Deep Umbra.

System: The player must roll Gnosis, difficulty of the
local Gauntlet rating. Successful use of the Gift renders the
Mokolé's physical body unconscious while her spirit slips into
the astral realm. Five successes indicates that the Mokolé may

86 Mokolé

OE


even travel into the true High Umbra, though she is still
attached by a silver cord to her body. Failure means the
character cannot leave her body and a botch casts the astral
self to arandom destination or breaks the silver cord. For more
information on Deep Umbral travel, see the Sunset chapter.

* Become Log (Level Two) — As the Mokolé Gift.

¢ Command Spirit (Level Two) — As the Midnight
Sun Gift.

* Send the Dream (Level Two) — As the Level Three
metis Gift: Mental Speech.

* Walking Between Worlds (Level Two) — As the
Level Three common Gift.

© Call Water Spirit (Level Three) — As the Uktena
Gift: Call Fire Spirit, save that a Water-spirit is called. The
Mokolé must have a water source. The water spirit will move
water, dampen a foe, or short out a power system at the
Mokolé's command.

* Deeper Lungs (Level Three) — The Mokolé may
reserve air within himself, allowing him to live for a period of
time without breathing. This Gift is taught by Turtle-spirits.

System: In the material world, this Gift allows the
Mokolé to hold her breath for a number of hours equal to his
Stamina, In the Umbra, the duration is the same number of
days. In any event, when the duration expires, the Mokolé
must be able to breathe air for a full five minutes before
invoking this Gift again.

¢ Exorcism (Level Three) — As the Theurge Gift.

* Open Sun Bridge (Level Three) — As the Midnight
Sun Gift.

* Shadow Wings (Level Three) — This Gift allows a
Mokolé to fly through the "nothing" of the Umbra, ignoring
the various paths and tracks in favor of a more direct route
from Realm to Realm. This Gift is taught by a Sky-spirit.

System: The Mokolé must have the Gift: Walking
Between Worlds to enter the Umbra, and must move to a
place where "flying" between the Realms is possible. She
may be using Dream the Matre's Mind. Should she be able
to reach an Anchorhead, she may fly through the Deep
Umbra as well. No roll is necessary: the Mokolé simply wills
her wings to unfold.

¢ Grasp the Beyond (Level Four) — As the Theurge Gift.

* Walk the Matre's Mind (Level Four) — Similar to the
Gift Dream the Matre's Mind, this Gift lets the Mokolé actually
enter the astral realm, the Deep Umbra in physical form.
Alternately, if she is already astral, she can remove her cord
relatively safely. The use of this Gift is rare, as fewer Mokolé are
versed in it, but it allows the Mokolé to enter the embodiment
of Gaia's memory without leaving a helpless body behind and
without a silver cord. Some Mokolé postulate that the silver
cord becomes invisible, but is still there. This Gift is taughtonly
by various spirits familiar with the Deep Umbra.

System: No roll is needed; the effects are automatic A
Mokolé who has used the Gift: Dream the Matre's Mind and
passes into the High Umbra may use Walk the Matre's Mind

to remove her silver cord and continue. If she does this, she
must make sure to return before her body suffers too greatly:
her Stamina is the number of scenes that she will be able to
voyage (at the Storyteller's discretion).

¢ Recapitulate (Level Four) — The Mokolé can
attack enemies with their own evolutionary heritage, forc-
ing them to retreat back down the tree of life toward the
primordial ooze of Gaia. The foe is transformed into a lower
form of life by force of will. A Designer-spirit named Haeckel
teaches this Gift, and will demand a favor in return.

System: The Mokolé shouts the enemy's name and
certain Words out of time. He then rolls Mnesis + Intimida-
tion, difficulty 7. For each success, the enemy devolves
through one stage of existence: one success makes him a
primitive ratlike mammal, two make him a reptile, and so
on. The effects last one scene.

¢ Gorgon's Gaze (Level Five) —— As the Black Fury Gift.

© The Malleable Spirit (Level Five) —- As the
Theurge Gift.

(Decorated Sun (Nam Hsia/Grisma)

* Cooking (Level One) — As the Bone Gnawer Gift.

* Mother's Touch (Level One) — As the Theurge Gift.

* Persuasion (Level One) — As the homid Garou
Gift. This Gift is taught by a Snake-spirit.

* Pilot Snake (Level One) — This Gift allows Mokolé
tosummon the helpful pilot snake, a creature who knows how
to get places. He can help find safe havens, drinkable water,
wallows, and so on. The Gift is taught by a Snake-spirit.

System: The Mokolé calls on Pilot Snake and rolls
Gnosis. The Mokolé must be ina place where there are pilot
snakes (such as the American Southeast). The difficulty is
6 in wilderness, 7 in sight of human works, 8 in a park or
suburb, and 9 in city areas. Near the Dissolver's works, it is
10. The number of successes measures the Gift's success;
usually three is sufficient. Pilot Snake does not speak, but
will guide the group anywhere within reason. He cannot
provide guidance to things that he does not know about,
such as Garou caerns. Once he is done, he departs.

* Talk (Level One) — As the common Gift.

¢ Wind Beneath My Wings (Level One) — This Gift,
originated by a Pteranodon Mokolé, helps Mokolé travel
more easily by marching or flying in formations. The strength
of the whole group can serve to help each member. This Gift
is taught by Goose.

System: The Mokolé assembles her fellow travelers in
a line (for marching) or V formation (for flying) and rolls
Stamina + Gnosis, difficulty 7. The number of successes is
the number of travelers who can share the Stamina of the
strongest member of the group (who will usually take the
lead). If the formation is broken, the extra Stamina disap-
pears. A botch reduces a group member to | Stamina.

* Call to Duty (Level Two) — As the Philodox Gift.

87

Evening: Dragon's Eye
EE Ps ST Li.


¢ Dragon Drill (Level Two) — This Gift allows the
Gathering to organize her clutch into a potent work force.
She can take an ability known to one clutch member and
share it with all. The Gift can empower Kin as well as
Mokolé. It is taught by Ant-spirits.

Svstem: The Mokalé.sneaks.of the Skill.or Knowledge
to her clutchmates in a sort of "pep talk." She then spends
a Gnosis point and rolls Manipulation + the appropriate
Skill or Knowledge. The base difficulty is 7, but the Story-
teller can make it higher if the Ability is an unlikely one,
such teaching lockpicking to suchids. The number of suc-
cesses is the number of clutchmates who gain the Knowl-
edge or Skill at the donor's level for one scene. This Gift
cannot transfer spirit Gifts, rites, or other such advantages.

® Walking Between Worlds (Level Two) — As the
Level Three generic Gift.

* Long Running (Level Three) — This Gift allows the
Mokolé to reduce the travel time of a journey, whether on
foot or in a vehicle. It is taught by a Sea turtle-spirit.

System: The player spends one Gnosis and rolls Dex-
terity + Athletics (or Drive) at the difficulty of the local
Gauntlet. Each success decreases the travel rime bv 5%.

* Reshape Object (Level Three) — As the homid
Garou Gift.

* Infest (Level Four) — As the Bone Gnawer Gift.

® Strength of the Dominator (Level Four) —- As the
Shadow Lord Gift

* Calm the Flock (Level Five) —- As the Glass
Waker Citt.

© Obedience (Level Five) — As the Shadow Lord Gift.

Eclipse? Sun (Sai Chau/Zarad)

« Aura of Confidence (Level One) ~~ As the Shadow
Lord Gift. This Gift is taught by a Dinosaur King or some
other royalty.

* Bellow (Level One) — As the generic Gift.

¢ Lambent Flame (Level One) — As the Silver Fang Gift.

* Razor Claws (Level One) — As the Ahroun Gift.

* Awe (Lexel Trea) — As the Silnar Rane Cit

* Dazzle (Level Two) — As the Level Three Children
of Gaia Gift; it is taught by a spirit servant of Dragon.

© Walking Retmeaar Worlds Wenal Twas) — As whe
Level Three generic Gift.

* Eye of the Cobra (Level Three) — As the Galliard Gift.

* Hot Ichor (Level Three) — As the Rising Sun Gift.

¢ Wrath of Dragon (Level Three) —- As the Silver
Fang Gift: Wrath of Gaia.

* Mastery (Level Four) — As the Silver Fang Gift.

¢ Sun Enfleshed (Level Four) — This powerful Gift
allows a Mokolé to embody Sun's holy fire. As the Mokolé
prays to Sun, she appears to burst into silent, solar flames,
lighting up the area as brightly as noon and burning her
opponents with a touch. This Gift is taught by a Sun-spirit.

iiemey //,


System: The player spends three Gnosis to call on
Sun's radiance. Any vampires within line of sight react as if
they were looking on the sun, and the Mokolé's claws, teeth
and tail inflict one extra health level of damage. Finally, the
Mokolé's touch inflicts damage as if it were gold.

e Army of the Ancestors (Level Five) — This rare
Gift allows a Mokolé to materialize her Archid-form char-
acteristics in an entirely different way. The Mokolé can call
on the ancestors who gave him the shape he wears, bringing
them out of the mists of the Memory to challenge his
opponents. This Gift is taught by an Ancestor-spirit.

System: The Mokolé calls on his ancestor while indi-
cating his bodily "gifts" that came from them. He then
makes a Gnosis roll, difficulty 8. For each success, one
ancestor appears. For example, a Mokolé with wings could
call Pteranodon, while one with Huge Size could summon
Apatosautus. The ancestors are as intelligent as the one who
summons them, and usually cooperate (unless the sum-
moner wants them to do something stupid or ridiculous).
The ancestors stay for one scene, then depart back to the
depths of Mnesis. Depending on the scene into which they
were summoned, they may not wish ever to return.

* Dream Semblance (Level Five) —- This Gift may be
exercised once in a Mokolé's lifetime. [t allows the Mokolé
to become a True Dragon for the duration of one scene.
Once the confrontation is over, the dream will depart. This
Gift is taught by Dragon.

System: The Mokolé prays to Dragon and makes a Wits
+ Mnesis roll with a difficulty of 7. The statistics of a True
Dragon are up to the storyteller, but such a creature is
extremely powerful. Its power is usually focused on the
routing of Dragon's foes. The Gift cannot be invoked a
second time, and often Mokolé who invoke it even once die
after Dragon's foes are routed.

* Stop Continental Drift (Level Five) — This Gift
invokes the spirits of the continents as they float across
Gaia's Face and through the millennia. The Crowning can
act as though continental drift did not exist, traveling as the
Kings did. This Gift is taught by a spirit of the land (such as
Mountain or Stone).

System: The Crowning sets out on a journey and rolls
Stamina + Rituals, difficulty 7, The Crowning and her
clutchmates speak and sing in the Dragon's Tongue as they
travel. The number of successes needed depends on how far
they want to go. However, the journey will be conducted as
if the continents were still joined; a trip from South America
to Africa could be a short walk of a few days.

Mokolé Rites

Peter sat thinking. "So, Jeffo, could just anyone learn those
nites? It seems like you're teaching me an awful lot."

"Yer one of us now, mate. Not sayin' y' can't go home, but
we're none of us afraid of you." He drew on the pipe; the tobacco/
pituri mix filled the air with smoke. The coal glowed red as the
sunlight that coppered all the pinnacles and towers of rock.

"What do you mean? You think I'm Mokolé myself now?"

"You are Mokolé, all but yer shape. You're come of the
Kings same as me, and you've got the Memory. Yer Mokolé and
egg-smasher both. You'd be the first we remember to be so."

Iam both Mokolé and Garou. This is crazy.

This is the end of the Wars.

"So what else do I have to know, to be adragon? I mean, they
didn't exactly cover it in Career Day back at school."

Morwangu spoke once more, each word filled with centuries
of meaning. How coulda language, a thing made with the mouth,
convey so much?

How could a man become a dragon?

Mokolé rites are ancient, some dating to the Time of
the Kings. The Garou and Mokolé share the Rite of Accom-
plishment, hunting prayers, greetings to the Sun and in the
case of Shining, the Moon, the Rite of Talisman Dedica-
tion, the Baptism of Fire, the Rite of Spirit Awakening, the
Rite of Summoning, and the Rites of the Fetish and Totem.
Other rites may also figure in certain wallows. The Mokolé
have few or no rites connected with Umbral travel, as they
seldom enter the Umbra because of The Innocents. They
also have few rites of judgment and punishment, although
some few practice the Rite: Eater of the Dead, which the
Mokolé-mbembe taught to the Bubasti (see Bastet). They
do have seasonal rites, which differ from those of the Garou.

Rites of Accord
Rite of Breeding

Level One

This rite is practiced by all streams of Mokolé. It
consists of elaborate courtship protocols, exchanges of go-
betweens, ceremonial singing and dancing, and mating. It
ensures that Mokolé mate with a suitable Kinfolk partner
and not with other Mokoié.

System: The Mokolé involved dances, sings, and other-
wise celebrates, finally spending a Gnosis at the rite's climax.
If the prospective partner is completely unsuitable (for ex-
ample, sterile, horribly diseased, or another Mokolé) then the
Mokolé will know. If not, then mating can take place.

Shedding Hide

Level One

This rite may be performed alone or in groups. It is
usually done once a year. The Mokolé sheds her skin over a
period of days or weeks, and at the same time sheds any
Dissolver-taintaccumulated through toxins or through con-
tact with Dissolver-creatures.

System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals as
usual; the difficulty is 5 plus the number of times she has
been Dissolver-tainted, such as by touching fomori or vam-
pires, eating tainted food, speaking the words of the Dis-
solver, and so forth The maximum difficulty is 9. The
number of successes gained indicates the number of levels of

Evening: Dragon's Eye 89

OPE Ps ET Ta nity //


ae A"

Dissolver taint that pass away. The Mokolé will begin to itch
horribly as the toxin works its way up to her skin. As she
scratches, her skin peels off, revealing new skin beneath.
Tattoos, scars or brands usually disappear during the shed-
ding. This rite is highly refreshing to the celebrant.

Silence of the Oracles

Level Two

This merciful rite allows the ritemaster to protect a
person from memories that would drive them mad. It is often
used to protect survivors of torture, molestation, rape, or
massacres. It allows the wounded person to live normally
without going mad.

System: The ritemaster confers with the patient as she
performs the rite. For each success, a memory may be sealed.
The recipient will still know that his trauma occurred, but
will not be injured by the memories and will be able to
remember without pain. If the rite is used to aid a Derange-
ment or Harano, the patient is allowed scene of rational
behavior for every success on the ritemaster's roll.

Rites of Death

Last Communion

Level Two

This rite enables a Mokolé adept to receive Mnesis from
a comrade. The two Mokolé must gaze into each others'
eyes, and the giver of Mnesis will speak of a memory which
he or she holds, or if unable to speak, will concentrate on it.
She will then breathe out the memory, and the taker will
breathe it in. Once the memory is passed, the donor has no
more access to it. This rite is often used on battlefields to
preserve the Mnesis of the dying, and is the only reason that
so much Mnesis survived the Wars of Rage. Many highly
emotional scenes have centered on Last Communion.

System: Either the donor or the recipient can be the
titemaster for this rite. If the giver is unconscious or dead,
the taker can breathe in her last breath, but the Mnesis
transferred will usually be confused.

Shed the Crocodile's Tears

Level Three

This rite shows a Mokolé's contrition for killing a foe.
The Mokolé, before leaving a battlefield, weeps over the
corpse of a fallen enemy (or friend). The length of time that
she weeps depends on the depth of feeling involved.

System: The Mokolé must expend a point of Gnosis as
she enacts the rite. Success indicates that the spirit or wraith
of the person involved will not seek revenge on the ritemaster.
If the Mokolé sacrifices a permanent point of Gnosis, then
even the kin and allies of the fallen believe that the Mokolé
was nota crazed killer, but was only doing what was necessary.

A
Ly 7 aw a a


aN

The Bones of Time

Level Five

This rare rite is known to afew Mokolé of the Americas
and China. It allows a ritemaster to retrieve Mnesis from
remains of the dead, including "dragons' bones," fossil
dinosaurs, and similar items. To enact the rite the ritemaster
must caress the remains while chanting the Song of the
Bones, which lasts for many hours if all its cantos are sung.
Other Mokolé sometimes dance as accompaniment to the
ritemaster's song.

System: The ritemaster rolls Charisma + Rituals as
usual, difficulty 7 (if the remains are mutilated, such as a
lizard-skin coat, the difficulty is 9). When the Song is done,
the Mokolé may enter a Mnesis trance for one day. He may
then add the number of successes gained on the rite to his
Mnesis roll. The Storyteller will determine what memories
could be gleaned — the dragons' bones of Chinese medicine
shops or the dinosaur fossils of the Smithsonian might possess
some interesting memories indeed. Any number of Mokolé
may attempt to gain memories from the bones, but if more try
than the ancestor's Gnosis score (or more than one, if the
ancestor was not Mokolé), the remains will crumble.

Mystic Qites
Rite of the Stone

Level Three

This allows the Mokolé to attach a mystical stone to his
body. The stone can be a belly stone, giving strength, or a
skull stone, giving wisdom. A belly stone must be heavy,
smooth, and properly shaped — the search for the perfect
stone can last a long time.

Skull stones (carbuncles, or "dragon stones") are much
harder to find, as they must also be perfect, flawless jewels.
The jewel must be cut by an artisan with stonecutting skill,
then heated to searing heat, such as in Sun's fire, in a forge
or in volcanic heat. The stone is then burned onto the
Mokolé's forehead, where it is visible in Archid form (in
some Mokolé, it is visible in Homid form as well).

System: During the rite, the Mokolé must fill the stone
with Gnosis by meditating in Sun's light (save that Gnosis
goes into the stone instead of into the Mokolé). The stone's
maximum Gnosis is equal to the ritemastet's current Gnosis.
The stone is then swallowed, ifa belly stone, or branded into
the forehead, if a skull stone. In hunting or battle, the
Mokolé may spend the stone's Gnosis on a one-for-one
basis; belly stones add to Strength for one scene, and skull
stones may add to any Mental Attribute. Once the stone's
Gnosis is expended, the stone is absorbed fully into the
Mokalé's body.

Garou who hunt Mokolé sometimes seek these mystic
stones, and use them to store Gnosis. In addition, when an
ancient Mokolé dies, her stone can be passed to a younger
Mokolé without losing its Gnosis. Mnesis records more

Evening: Dragon's Eye

powerful stones, and sleeping elders often have a mighty
stone from a past age.

Boat of the Sun

Level Four

This rite allows the ritemaster to borrow Sun's boat for
atime to transport himself and colleagues to any destination
under the sun.

System: The ritemaster must behold Sun's Face, then
assemble the boat's crew, who must sit as ifin a boat and hold
their hands as if paddling. He may take as many passengers
as he has current points of Gnosis. The ritemaster declares
the destination, which along with the port of departure,
must be in Sun's light. He must know the destination
through having been there, or through a Mnesis roll
(Storyteller's discretion). He then calls out the strokes for
the paddlers and enacts the rite. The difficulty is 6 for a
destination that the ritemaster has seen and 8 if he has only
Mnesis to guide him. For each success, one person reaches
the destination. The others are left behind. If he botches,
then one passenger per | rolled is unharmed, but stranded in
between the two places.

Burn the Library

Level Four

This rite erases memories. It is named for the day when
the Library of Alexandria burned, and two Mokolé were the
only ones left with its knowledge. The rite was first used
when Ancient-My-Enemy, a Mokolé warrior, erased his
mind to prevent Garou from locating his clutch.

System: To perform this rite, the ritemaster may name
the memories that will be destroyed and then speak Unmak-
ing Words, which are perilous to hear. The Words will seek
out the memories and destroy them. For each success, one
memanry.isdestroved. Theriremaster.may use this to erase his
own memories, although a failure means that he erases his
knowledge of how to perform the rite. A botch indicates
that all his knowledge is gone.

Walking Jn Your Footsteps

Level Four

This rite enables a Mokolé to follow those who have
gone before her. The ritemaster locates the footsteps of a
past Mokolé; these may be made the day before, a hundred
years before, or be fossilized. However, the footsteps must be
visible. As the Mokolé enacts the rite, she stands in the
footsteps of the ancestor and calls for the ancestor's aid. If
successful, her forebear's ability is passed on.

System: In addition to the ordinary rite roll, the ritemaster
must make a Mnesis roll or have a remembrancer make one for
her, in order to know what the ancestor did, or could do. The
Storyteller makes this roll and keeps the result secret. If the rite
is a success, one Ability owned by the ancestor, including
Mnesis is made available to the ritemaster for the duration of

91


the story. However, if the Storyteller determines that the
Mnesis roll failed, or that the ancestor did not have this ability,
then another attribute possessed by the ancestor, such as
arthritis, could come to the ritemaster. If the roll isa botch, the
number of 1's rolled is the number of permanent points lost by
the ritemaster in an area of the Storyteller's choice.

Rite of Anamnesis

Level Five

This rite enables a Mokolé to communicate Mnesis to
another directly. The Mokolé who wishes to do so can pass
on visual impressions, thoughts and feelings. However, the
communion is imperfect.

System: The remembrancer and the subject must share
one of the teacher plants of Gaia (a hallucinogen). The
subject automatically takes one health level of damage from
the noxious drugs. The remembrancer must succeed in a
Mnesis roll to find the desired memory, and then make a
Gnosis roll against a difficulty of the subject's Willpower. In
the case of non-Mokolé subjects, the difficulty is 9. The
number of successes determines the extent of memories
communicated. In unusual cases, the rite can be performed
more than once on the same person, resulting in one person
with vast amounts of Mnesis. The memories of lost clutches
and bloodlines have been saved in this way. However, ifone
person receives the Mnesis of more people than he has
points of Willpower, then he will almost certainly become
insane. The Mnesis given may then be passed on to the
descendants of the recipient as with any other Mnesis.

Rite of the Eidolon

Level Five

Mnesis is powerful: itis a direct exercise of the Mokolé's
purpose as the Memory of Gaia. The Rite of the Eidolon
allows the images (eidolons) contained in Mnesis to take
shape. It is different from the Shadows by the Fire Light Gift
in that the image is not merely "backdrop" it is as real as the
mind of the remembrancer who imagines it.

System: The rite may be performed alone or by a group.
The ritemaster goes into a Mnesis trance, focusing on a
person or thing of the past (such as an Egyptian inscription,
African statue or a long-lost ancestor) and meditates for a
number of hours equal to his Mnesis score (which must allow
him to behold the period of history that the eidolon is from).
He then spends one Gnosis to materialize the eidolon for
one scene. To preserve it for another scene, he must spend
another Gnosis point. The number of successes on the rite
roll is the number of things that the eidolon is capable of:
Successes Eidolon's strength

1 The eidolon is visible as a vague outline to observers.
2 The eidolon can be seen clearly.
3 The eidolon can answer questions by nodding,

shaking its head, or gesturing, but cannot speak. If
the image is of a nonliving thing, it can be seen

clearly enough to answer any questions about its
appearance and is three-dimensional.

4 The eidolon can speak in response to a question,
but cannot say anything that the remembrancer
does not already know.

5+ The eidolon can access the deepest recesses of
Mnesis and can speak as if it were the living thing
which it once was. If an object, it can be touched
and handled as if real.

Note that the eidolon is a memory, not a ghost. It does
not come from the Shadowlands and it probably does not
know any cosmic secrets. The storyteller can allow this to
become a voodoo-like ‘summoning' with dark implications
if he wishes to do so, or allow it to be a glimpse of lost glories.

Rite of Lost Dreams

Level Five

This rite allows any person to be lowered into the Sea of
Shadows with the express purpose of regaining memories that
have been lost on account of a whole clutch being destroyed.
The person who goes does not have to be Mokolé. This is
more than just a dangerous form of Mnesis; it allows the
recipient to make those memories a part of them. In a sense,
it brings a dead clutch back to life. The reasons for doing this
are varied, but are always serious; this rite is a deadly affair.

System: The ritemaster first summons spirits of War and
Time, who will accompany the quester. The ritemaster must
findsome way tocompensate them. The storyteller should keep
track of the spirits and their nature and powers. When being
lowered into the Sea of Shadows, the subject of the rite will first
fall blindly into the Abyss. If all goes well, the spirit guides will
protect the subject from the ravenous Dead who lurk there.
This won't prevent them from vainly clawing, screaming and
threatening the subject. They can also offer to grant him favors,
or offer to "spare" him from harm. They are usually lying, of
course. Occasionally, a powerful monstrosity may come along,
and unless the quester can climb out of the Abyss very soon, he
will probably die, as he will have to fight the attacker without
being able to see it. He will also risk losing his mind from the
madness that these infernal beings carry or from fear. If you
have Wraith: The Oblivion, use rules for Spectres. Otherwise,
assume that the attackers are Dark Umbral spirits roughly equal
to the traveler in power. If he passes these spirits, he then goes
into the Sea of Shadows itself.

If the subject goes deep enough into the Sea, he will
experience some part of the memories sought, and will
incorporate them into himself. As such memories would
otherwise be lost, this is one of the most honorable feats a
Mokolé can perform.

Rite of the Sleeping Dragon

Level Five

This rite enables the ritemaster to send another into the
Sleep of the Dragon; the effects are much like those of the
Gift of the same name).

92 Mokolé

aims //


System: The ritemaster must lay the sleeper down and
cover her (in mud, in a hill of stones, in a mummy case, etc.)
while reciting the Chant of the Dragon. Ifthe sleeper resists, the
difficulty is her Willpower. The sleeper can be awakened by
being moved or touched, or by acondition set by the ritemaster.
The ritemaster can use this rite to put himself to sleep.

Seasonal Rites

Rite of Sunreturn

Level Three

Each winter solstice (December 21 in the Northern
Hemisphere, June 21 in the Southern), Sun is at his weakest.
Darkness is strong as Gaia turns away from his heat and light.
The Mokolé usually gather at such times and perform the Rite
of Sunreturn to strengthen him. The rite takes many forms
among the different streams: the Mokolé-Mbembe light
candles and give each other presents of cakes and sweets
baked in circular shapes. They keep watch all night long with
songs and bonfires until Sun shows his face again. The Zhong
Lung meditate, asking that the Wheel turn uninterrupted.
The Makara, who call this festival Diwali, illuminate the

night with lamps and burn incense to show Sun the way to -

come back. The Gumagan stage mock battles in which one
party represents Sun and the other darkness. Adepts among
the Gumagan also enter the Dreamtime before Sunrise and
face Sun's enemies, daring them to show their faces.

System: The ritemaster first oversees the preparations
for the rite, which take different forms. She then pattici-
pates (eating cakes, drinking rum, singing songs or similar
activity) all night long. The rite's difficulty is 7 for normal
circumstances, 8 fora bleak winter. For each success, one of
the celebrants gets one additional die to use once before the
next winter solstice.

Failure means that Sun rises in a black cloud and the
ritemaster loses her sun dice until she beholds her Sun sign
again. A botch may be interpreted by the Storyteller to mean
that Sun does not tise or that some other disaster befalls.

Wallow (Caern) Rites
Feed The Wallow

Level One

This rite takes a small amount of food and increases it
to provide food for many.

System: The ritemaster blesses the food and divides it
while performing the rite. The number of successes is the
power by which the food is increased. A dinner for two
would serve four if there were two successes, and sixteen if
there were four successes.

Rite of the Illuminated Wallow

Level One

This rite is very similar to the Rite of the Opened
Caern, save that Sun's light must fill the wallow with its

blessing. For Midnight Suns, a night sky is appropriate to
"illuminate" the wallow with darkness. Note that the
ritemaster must please not only the spirits, but the sleeping
elder, if there is one. The method for which these creatures
can be bested varies from wallow to wallow. For example, if
the elder was a mancala player, playing a riotous game in the
wallow's sands might illuminate a wallow of laughter, while
an elder who had fought the Garouall her life might demand
a much darker ritual...

System: As the Rite of the Opened Caern.

Rite of the Nesting Mound

Level One

This rite enables a mother to pile up earth and vegeta-
tion to create a protective nest for her eggs. Although this
is common behavior among crocodilians and monitors,
the ritual version grants the eggs an extra measure of
spiritual protection.

System: If performed properly, the rite keeps the eggs
at optimum temperature until they hatch. The eggs will
either hatch twice as quickly or twice as slowly, depending
on how the mother performed the rite and built the mound;
some mothers try using this rite to ensure a certain sun
auspice for their children.

Save Hatchling

Level One

Over 90% of potential suchid Mokolé and other reptiles
die in their first year of life from disease and predation. This
tite creates a link between parent and child, allowing the
parent to know any one child's condition at any one time.

System: Once the rite is performed, the parent need
only concentrate for a turn on a given hatchling and the
child's relative condition (safe, in immediate danger,
wounded, and so on) is revealed.

The Gator's Burrow

Level Four
As the Garou rite: The Badger's Burrow; naturally, this
tite is used to protect a wallow.

Open Sun Bridge

Level Four

This rite enables Mokolé to open paths from one place
to another "through the heart of the sun." The Sun Bridge
can be invoked when Sun's brilliance dazzles the eyes, and
carries Mokolé from one wallow to another. A normal
means of using a Sun Bridge is to pass at sunrise or sunset,
allowing the "sun path" created by the motion of light in
water to serve as a highway across the world. Travel is
instantaneous or nearly so. The wallows involved must have
a pool or body of water to allow passage into the Umbra. This
water must be blessed with the rite at least once in living
memory (not once a year as with a Moon Bridge). This

Evening: Dragon's Eye 93

|


means that as long as asleeper remains who enacted the rite,
Mokolé can open a way through the Sun Bridge by using the
Gift: Open Sun Bridge or the Rite of the Illuminated
Wallow. However, to create a Sun Bridge, to decide the
destination to be reached, or to ascertain the safety of the
passage, this rite is necessary.

System: The participants meditate as the ritemaster
performs the rite; the difficulty is 8 minus the level of the
wallow. The number of successes must equal the level of the
target wallow. There need to be three more successes if no
true Mokolé are watching at the other end (i-e., ifa wallow
destination is tended only by a sleeping elder).

Citadel of the Dragon

Level Five

Through chanting that helps her dig into her Mnesis
while guiding a group of artisans, this rite allows the
ritemaster to direct the carving of stone structures with
images of the Dragon Kings. These images are so horrific
that they tap into the terror that the Mokolé cause in
mammals. This rite once allowed Mokol€é to construct
stone citadels hidden from mankind.

System: To perform the ritual, the ritemaster must
make a Charisma + Rituals roll, and the least talented of the
artisans must make a Dexterity + Crafts roll (substituting
Expression or Repair if the Storyteller prefers), the difficulty
being 7. The Storyteller will determine the number of
successes needed depending on the size of the structure: a
small shrine will take fewer days than a castle. If the rite
succeeds, the building will cause the Delirium.

Unfortunately, Mokolé know that fear engenders ha-
tred, and occasional hunters are strong-willed enough to
fight instead of fleeing, especially if they attack at night
when the stones can't be seen clearly.

Rites of the Gumagan
(Djunggawon

Level One

This Rite of Renown isa rite of passage for Kinfolk and
Gumagan. It takes place when they are young. The mob
will assemble at a waterhole or sacred site. The men (fora
boy) or women (for a girl) go off together. They then tell
the child about the Gumagan and the spirits of the
Dreamtime. The rite involves body art: painting, circum-
cision, or the removal of one tooth. For Kinfolk, this is the
moment at which the adolescents become adults. Gumagan
usually pass from the ceremony into their great trance in
which they dream their Archid form.

System: Men and women who bear the scars of this
rite will be recognized by anyone else who is also initiated
this way, and receive an extra die on Social rolls with any
native people of Bandaiyan. Thereafter they may learn the
rituals and songs that they are in line to inherit from
uncles, aunts and other elders.

9

Suchids perform this rite as well, but the Mokolé
themselves initiate the young one by biting them.

The Oknanikilla

Level One

The Gumagan, Australia's native Mokolé, originated
this rite and allowed their allies, the Bunyip, to share it. It
is performed alone. The ritemaster, who must be a gravid
female, makes a journey along the "paths of the ancestors"
(songlines) to an oknanikilla, a place where a totem has
manifested. Usually this place will be a wallow, or it once
was one. (Of course, many oknanikilla are now wallows of
the egg-smashers). The totems give special favor to anyone
born in their sacred sites.

System: After performing the rite, the mother-to-be
spends one or more Gnosis points, and lays her eggs or gives
birth on the site. She remains there until the eggs hatch (if
suchid) or until she is able to walk after the birth (if homid).
The number of Gnosis spent is the number of additional dice
that the child may roll, when an adult, when trying to call
the totem of the sacred place.

Songs of the Dreamtime

Level One

This rite is associated with spirit songs. The ritemaster
must sing the song for a place (such as a songline) or a thing
(such as a tjurunga; see below). He is then able to use the
songline to travel or read the memories of the ancestor,
usually via the Gifts of the Gumagan.

System: The roll is Manipulation + Rituals, diffi-
culty 6. However, to learn the rite, you must inherit the
tight to do so.

Into the Waterhole

Level Two

This rite allows the soul of a dead person to be free.
The body is disposed of by exposure, cremation or burial.
The ritemaster then sings and dances and burns the dead
person's possessions while calling their name. The soul
passes on into a waterhole to be reborn, and does not haunt
the living anymore. Most souls welcome this rite. Some,
frighteningly, do not...

System: Like other Rites of Death, the roll is Charisma
+ Rituals.

Cjurunga

Level Four

This Rite enables a GGumagan to put some of their Mnesis
into a carved and painted board, a tjurunga. The Mnesis can
be accessed by anyone who knows the spirit songs.

Gumagan mobs often trade tjurunga. This isa common
way to establish alliances and unify the people. The heredi-
tary owners of tjurunga are very choosy about whom they
exchange them with, orat least they used to be. Tjurunga are

Mokolé

AOA PS ET iniieey J/,


exchanged across thousands of miles among mobs who
know each other well.

There are said to be three tjurunga left which were
made by the Bunyip before they perished. No one knows
where these mystic spirit boards are located, but the Gumagan
are looking for them. They hope to tind them betore the
European Garou do.

System: The ritemaster must sacrifice a point of perma-
nent Gnosis and carve and paint the board during the rite.
The tjurunga is then stored in a sacred cave or other such
place. Anyone seeking to read it must sing and make a
Expression + Rituals roll, difficulty 7. The number of suc-
cesses is the number of memories that emerge.

Rites of the Zhong Lung
Shediing Bones

Lever five

This powerful rite allows the Zhong Lung to prolong his
life. He must first prepare a medicinal potion of herbs to
restore the balance of yin and yang. This takes some time.
He may also engage an herbalist to make it for him. He will
then identify his weakest and oldest bones, and push them
out through his skin. As he does so, his youth returns to him.

System: As the rite is performed, the Zhong Lung must
sacrifice a permanent point of Gnosis to grow anew bone for
each bone expelled. For each point of Gnosis thus sacrificed
(and each bone renewed), five years of physical age return
to the ritemaster. The cast-off bones are valued by wu-
magicians, herbalists, and paleontologists.

'
1


|

What's the race? Call again

in some millennium

Memory is dynastic.
— Gill Holland, "Guessing the Alligators at the
Charles Towne Landing"

Morwangu said, "No Mokolé will trust a wolf. We remem-
ber you all too well. To you, the Wars of Rage were a long time
ago. To us, it's like yesterday. You saw it yourself."

Peter inhaled deeply before answering. "Yeah. But,
Morwangu, the Mother-Cow is dying. And, as much as you hate
the Garou, we're fighting to save Her. Isn't that what you want?"

"Yeah. But The Memory says—"

"I know. I remember the Wars of Rage too. Maybe not as

well. But Trees Dream gave me The Memory. And — and
there's everything in there. There's all that hate and bloodshed,
but there's a time when we were one, too. You remember the First
Times. I know you do."
The black eyes narrowed to slits under the akubra. "Yeah."

"Then Mokolé and Garou can live in peace. You know we
can. It'sin Mnesis. Morwangu, we have to try this. The Mokolé
know too much. You have to help us save the Mother!"

"Well. You! re not just blowing smoke. Let's see what the

clutch says.'

They walked toward the waterhole where dragons and
Kin waited.

Sunset: Dragon Lore

Che Clutch

The clutch is the first social unit of Mokolé and Kin. It
consists of two to thirty Mokolé and their Kin, who usually
number a few dozen to a hundred or so. Not all Mokolé
belong to clutches: a few are solitary by temperament, a few
more because there is too little prey to support many
Mokolé, and some because no other Mokolé live where they
live. Mokolé without a clutch are not reviled or pitied (if
there's a legitimate reason for them to have none), but there
are a lot of things that they can't do. Most Mokolé belong to
a clutch and work to further its goals. The term comes from
a clutch of eggs, and in the Time of the Kings, a clutch of
many Mokolé would often hatch from one nest. As opposed
toa pack, a social unit which originated from the coopera-
tive hunting of wolves, a clutch originates at birth, from the
fact that eggs are safer in their nest and nests are safer when
guarded. The term persisted through the Age of Sleep and
to the present day. The title is important. To "clutch" is to
hold closely. Mokolé don't always love their clutchmates,
but they know to stick together.


Aclutch is nota pack, and it's nota family. It is Mokolé
united as if the same eggs had hatched them (which is
sometimes the case). The members are interlocking and
interconnecting parts of a whole. The clutch is more than
the members, because they combine to make something
greater. The clutch is effectively immortal. As Mokolé die
or are killed, more can hatch and the clutch can go on.
Elders can enter the Sleep of the Dragon and awaken
millennia later. There are clutches which literally date back
millions of years as single entities. The connecting factor is
Mnesis. If each member of a clutch can recall a thousand
former lives by the same river, a sense of belonging can
extend through time as well as space.

Note that by sleeping for many years at a time, Mokolé
can make themselves almost immortal. Many clutches have
sleeping elders who stretch out their lives by sleeping nine
years of every ten, aging only a decade as a century passes, or
sleep even more than that. They are able to plan and plot as
mummies and vampires do, although there are few Mokolé
able to sleep the Sleep of the Dragon. In many cases, these
"Nomads of Time" cooperate, leaving messages for each
other on stone tablets in the Dragon's Tongue. Sometimes
they fight centuries-long duels with immortal foes such as
mummies, pursuing each other through time. Their mortal
Kin guard and revive them through the years, many living
and dying without seeing the sleeping dragons. The true
number of sleeping Mokolé is unknown, but may be large
enough to yet provide some hope — many elders' locations
were lost in the Wars of Rage.

Creating a Clutch
for Players and Storytellers

The offering of jokes he had left might have placated the
technospirit. Anyway, he had to try. Peter took out the cellphone
and called Aunt Penny's number. She picked up on the fourth
ring. "Hello?"

"Aunt Penny, it's me, Peter. ''m—"

"Peter, where have you been? The sept has been worried
sick! We thought —- well, we thought you were gone."

"I'm okay. I'm, uh, in Australia. Near Darwin. I've been
staying out here. I'm, uh, learning a lot." Like how not to
remember, he thought.

"Australia? Peter, what are you doing down there? We need
you here. The cadavers have been taking Kin. Your cousin Don's
in the ICU at Mercy from blood loss. When can you come back?"

"I don't know. There's some, I guess, serious business
down here."

"The People's business?" There was no other kind that
mattered, her tone said louder than words could.

"No, Aunt Penny. Look, I'll tell you right off. Don't be
upset. There are Mokolé here."

"What? Those monsters that used to hunt Garou? Aren't
they extinct?"

"Please, please listen. There are Mokolé here, for real. Real
dragons. They're not of the Wyrm. And I'm okay, okay? They're
my friends." Oh. That had been the wrong thing to say.

98 Mokolé

———— is /


rr, \ Se

"What? Come back here, Peter. This doesn't sound good."

"Aunt Penny, please listen. There were some Mokolé still
alive after the Wars of Rage. I know you and Mother always said
they were all gone. But there are some here. And this... this is
important. They used to say that the Mokolé remembered every-
thing, and we thought that was just a story. But it's not, okay? It's
real. There's an ancient Mokolé here who remembers the dino-
saurs. And... and they want to make peace with the People. This
is really important. I think I could really make this happen."

"This is serious, Peter." Her tone had changed. She hadn't
lived to be the oldest Garou in the protectorate without having
sound judgment. His mind's eye saw the sept assembling. What
would they judge? What would they do?

"This is serious. | want to go through this with them. They
tell me that they want me to understand what being a Mokolé
means. Because they need us. They need peace with us,
because...because the Apocalypse is coming, and... we need
them. We need the Mokolé. They are the Mother's Memory. If
we can get them to help us, we can restore Her, make the world
like it was. They're the hope of Gaia."

"You believe this." She was neutral. How many generations
of wild cubs had she been so dispassionate to? No one knew how
old she was.

"We have totry. Listen, PUl, PIlcall you a little bit later. ''m
learning a lot now. I might be able to get back soon."

"Peter, don't stay away too long. I must go."

"Good-bye, Aunt Penny."

She hung up the old rotary-dial phone in her parlor in
Toronto, and in Arnhem Land that had been Ulungan, Peter
closed the phone.

Mamu of the Talons heard the Weaver-thing say that the
traitor-wolf was done talking to his dam's littermate. He told the
Weaver-spirit that had relayed the call to go eat itself, and it
vanished with a pop. His Hispo shape towered over the dingoes
at the waterhole. He threw back his monster head and howled
Gather To Me over the red outback.

The pack began to assemble. Mamu addressed them.

"Sibs, I smell the urine of a traitor, a fallen wolf who wears
a two-legs' shape. This thing calls itself—" and his dog-snaut
shaped the words Peter Ward. "It is lying among bushes that the
Wyrm pisses on. It speaks to the dragon folk, the very image of
the Wyrm. My spirits have brought its words to me. Your snouts
can sniff for foulness in the deserts of the north. Follow me and
we will take two quarries at once: this thing that was once a wolf
and its Wyrm-beasts. Are you with me?"

The pack's Half Moon answered, a smaller dingo with
brown and black fur. "Leader, what is their crime? What are
these Wyrm-beasts?"

"They are Gumagan," Mamu said, hating even to say the
word, "worse than Black Spirals who were once Garou like us.
These things do not only serve the Wyrm — they take its shape!"
Talons and Kin alike growled at their leader's words.

The Half Moon, Rears-and-Rends, spoke again.
"Leader, I have heard of the Gumagan. Tales of them fill the

Sunset: Dragon Lore

night at moots. They are two-legs who sing themselves into
acrocodile's skin. If they are anything but a story, they can't
be any harm to us."

"This is weakling's talk! When Talons came to Fire-
Country, scoring weak Garou with the ways of two-legs and the
hearts of rats, we found the Bunyip here, things that were Garou
once and became hopping beasts like kangaroos! Gumagan were
here too. They betrayed Talons at Red Sands, left us to fight the
Banelord alone. We slew their pack at Greatrocks for that deed,
butten Talons died. Then my ancestor, Splits Mountains, vowed
that no Gumagan should walk Fire-Country's sand. For many
seasons they hid. Now we have found them. Now we fulfill his
vow. Let us kill, and rise to kill again."

There were barks and howls of assent. Mamu and his pack set
off loping across the empty red sand. There was a long way to go.

There are several ways to handle the possible existence
of a Mokolé clutch in the course of the game.

* A clutch may already exist when the game begins,
and the players may know about it.

¢ Another approach is to take the player characters
through their form-dreaming, alone or together, then have
them find each other. They can spend a story or two finding
a clutch and seeking a place in it. As outsiders, they may
have a hard time.

¢ You can certainly rule that there is no clutch in the
area of the game and have the players create one themselves.

¢ Lastly, the player characters may find some other
home base, such as by associating with a Bata'a temple or a
pride of Bastet.

The players and Storyteller should think about the
clutch and its nature. The players may do this while they are
talking to the Storyteller before the characters are created, or
when the characters have passed through their Rite of Passage
but before the story proper begins. You might also want to ask
yourself these questions when planning the game:

¢ Where is the clutch going to be? Mokolé tend to stay
in one place. Nesting grounds, suitable prey, and places of
strength (wallows) are not common. The choice of location
can be important. Is it a wilderness park? A rainforest under
threat? A coastal village? A remote island? An urban slum?
Outside the tropics altogether? Is there a wallow? Ifnot, where
will the Mokolé worship and perform rites? Is the wallow
known to Garou or mages, who might want to take it away?

* Is the clutch dedicated to a purpose? Many clutches
have always guarded their wallow, or have always planted
and replanted a forest valley, or have always taught the Old
Ways to the local village. Some clutches do not have a
purpose (except to survive). There are war clutches, teach-
ing clutches, guard clutches, nest clutches, and many others.

¢ How complete is the roster of Sun auspices? Is it a
perfect clutch? Is there a Crowning? If not, who is the eldest?
The most respected? Who sits at Gathers as the Sun rises?
Who judges when the Sun is at noon? Who remembers
when the Sun sinks, or revels when it is dark? If there are

99


—_

empty places, are there Kin who are trained to fill them? If
not, could they be trained?

¢ Who is the clutch's totem? What is her nature?
What does she want? Note that individual totems are very
rare, because totem spirits don't bother with individuals.
Usually only a clutch group can muster enough spirit
power for a totem.

© Whom does the clutch remember? Who are notable
figures in their Mnesis? How far back does it go? Were the
Kings involved? Are there famous reptiles or humans in the
lineage? What non-Mokolé memories are involved?

® Does the clutch have notable enemies or allies? Who
are they? How powerful are they, and what do they want?

* Is there actually a sleeping elder? Who is she? How
powerful is she asleep? How powerful would she be if
awakened, and what are the awakening conditions? How
much of all this do the players know? Note that many elders
leave instructions to be wakened when certain events hap-
pen or use the Gift to awaken themselves.

After rainy season comes dry season. After dry season
comes rainy season. We are patient. Our time will come again.

— Swims-In-Mbembe's-Wake, Crowning the Congo
Clutch Mokolé

WMatre

The Mokolé recognize a mystical power in fertility,
which they call Matre (MOTT-ray). A Mokolé female
mates every year, but lays eggs, or births babies, if Homid,
every two or three. For each egg hatched or baby birthed that
is Mokolé, the mother gets one permanent die to add
anywhere. These are her Matre dice. Once Matre dice are
distributed, they cannot be changed, although the mother
can gain more by birthing more true Mokolé.

Alligators and crocodiles lay perhaps a dozen eggs in
each clutch, and each clutch has a 10% chance of contain-
ing one Mokolé. No matter how many eggs a suchid female
lays, there is still only a 10% chance of one Mokolé appear-
ing; multiple Mokolé from the same clutch are so rare that
they're legendary. It is therefore impossible to gain huge
amounts of Matre "instantly" by laying a nest full of eggs.
However, the skill: Brood Kenning, and the merits Retain
Seed and Retain Eggs make breeding easier. In the present
day, as Mokolé lands shrink and the Dissolver poisons the
world, Matre is not the never-ending fountain of power that
it might seem. Player characters who wish to gain Matre
must roleplay courtship and safeguard their offspring. Mokolé
have great affection for children, using the Rite of the
Nesting Mound to safeguard them.

It might seem that only female Mokolé can gain Matre
dice. However, if a male directly fathers a Mokolé (rare, for the
gene is quite recessive; most often the birth is due to a recessive
gene), he, too, can gain a Matre point at the Storytellers
discretion. Since Matre is a connection to Gaian fertility, the
male will know when he is a true sire if he gains Matre.

Kin are sometimes spoken of as having Matre. If a Kin
character has a true Mokolé child, then the Storyteller may
allow a point of Matre.

Shapeshifting and Reproduction

What you had to visualize was an already pregnant woman
strolling around on her daily foraging round. Suddenly she steps
on a couplet [of the songlines], the spirit child jumps up... and
impregnates the foetus with song.

— Bruce Chatwin, The Songlines.

Mokolé carry out courtship rites, which vary from
clutch to clutch and from ripple to ripple. Mating, even if
carried out every year, only brings children every two or
three years. The Rites of Breeding ensure that two Mokolé
of the opposite sex do not mate. Homids mate when possible
for them, while suchids will be interested in mating only
during their mating season. Some varna are affectionate at
other times of the year, but most suchids are not. Same-sex
love is familiar to both homid and suchid Mokolé, although
most Mokolé are not so oriented. As same-sex relationships
cannot produce children, they can be more affectionate and
permanent than opposite-sex mating (as the relationship is
obviously existing for its own sake), and often are.

Females say that they "know" (allow a Gnosis roll,
difficulty 7) when they are "heavy" with eggs or a baby. They
also "know" if one is a true Mokolé (although the difficulty
for this roll is 9). Note that eggs are usually in the suchid
mother's body for only a few days before they are laid.

When gravid, a female may shift into Archid and back.
The larger body shape can contain the child safely. How-
ever, shifting beyond Archid is dangerous. A homid who
tries to shift into Suchid form after the first trimester is
unable to do so. A suchid trying to shift into Homid form
while gravid will fail. If she uses a Willpower point to
succeed, she will lose all the eggs save one in the shift.

A pregnant Mokolé who uses Rage runs the risk of her
eggs breaking or of her human baby being harmed. Each time
Rage is used, allow a Stamina roll, difficulty 6. Any success
means that the child is safe. A failure means that the power
of Rage sends her into labor prematurely, and either she births
a premature baby or lays her eggs early. The Storyteller should
determine whether or not a human child could survive —
usually before the third trimester, the child won't be able to
live outside the womb. If she botches, the child dies and she
loses one health level from the miscarriage or eggbinding.
Note that premature children can survive, if properly cared
for. Matre is lost if a child dies. If the Mokolé was especially
foolish, 1 point of Wisdom may be lost as well. Any Mokolé
who deliberately causes a child's death is a criminal and a
murderer in Mokolé society, while any who causes the death
of their own child is considered dangerously insane.

Pregnant Kinfolk or Mokolé are zealously guarded by
their own clutch; in fact, any Mokolé would consider it his
duty to do so. The laws of sanctuary require that any of the

Mokolé

TS nr

in


Dragon Breed give aid and shelter to a mother with child.
The laws are so strict that a murderer may take shelter with
her victim's family if she requires it. The No-Suns spin many
tales of heroism and sacrifice centered on the pressing need
for reproduction.

Mokolé and the Umbra
The Dragon in Flight

Many Garou believe that the Mokolé are inept at
Umbral travel or ignorant of the Shadow. However, the
Mokolé simply frequent different regions of the spirit world.
As the "memory" of Gaia, the Mokolé are most interested in
the Deep Umbra, also called the High Umbra by mages.
Here ideas and thoughts take spiritual form, and here the
Mokolé seek to gather those memories that have escaped
them or been forgotten. They even search for knowledge of

the lost times of the WonderW ork, although such searching
can lead to Harano and death.

The Middle Umbra

Mokolé do not normally like to travel the Middle
Umbra. It is the realm which the Garou prowl. Indeed, it
requires the Gift: Walk Between Worlds, fora Mokolé to be
able to step sideways, as well as a body of water to serve as a
gate. Few of the children of Dragon risk the trip. The Garou
are just as hostile to the Mokolé in the Umbra as anywhere
else. In addition, the Innocents attack any Mokolé they see.

Some Umbral paths lead to Pangaea and the Land of
Dinosaurs. Concealing differ on the question of whether the
Land of Dinosaurs is located in the Near Umbra or in an
Inner Umbra "Lost World." However, Pangaea is "Gaia as
She was," and at least one Mokolé has slept there since the
Realm came into being. Spiteful Mokolé travelers some-
times go there to ambush Garou hunting parties and eat

Father?
Yes, son?
T want to kill you.
— Jim Morrison, "The End"

Mokolé have no metis and never will. While a Garou
wears a war form that has been the same since the Last
Times, every Mokolé's battle form is different and must be
dreamt into being. A Mokolé with two Mokolé parents
would have to dream her Archid form in the shell, which
is impossible. The result of Mokolé-Mokolé mating is a
deformed fetus (or a clutch of horror-eggs with monstrous
embryos inside) constantly shifting shape. The Mokolé
mother usually has to shapeshift to Archid form to avoid
being ripped apart by her freakish offspring, who some-
times claw their way to Sun's light through her body...

Should the offspring survive hatching or birth, they
appear in the mother's breed form, but soon die. No such child
has ever reached maturity. The child dies, unable to maintain
a stable shape, and becomes an ent. It is said that No-
Face, child of Night's-Fire, was the first. These hungry ghosts
prowl from the Shadowlands to the Near Umbra and back,

transcended the upper + limits off eoeling's power. lt
of the usual Charms, the Innocents have dark powers of
their own. These can include the following.
* Dark Whispers: The Innocent can speak to the living.
¢ Umbra Passage: The Innocent can use a weak
spot, or Depression, in the Dark Umbra to enter the
Middle or Deep Umbra, usually in pursuit of prey.

The Innocents

great memory is blurred.

* Mnesis Travel: The Innocent can enter the Mnesis
of other Mokolé to haunt them.

* Materialize: As per the spirit rules.

* Take Homid Form: The Innocentcan take Homid
shape, effectively passing as an ordinary wraith,

* Take Suchid Form: The Innocent can appear as
the wraith of a crocodile.

¢ Give Power: Can give Gnosis to another spirit.

© Take Power: Can steal the power ofanother spirit.
The difficulty is the target's Willpower.

¢ Steal Mnesis: The Innocent can take Mnesis away
from its owner. She.comes into contact with the target's
mind and rolls Power vs. a difficulty of the target's Will-
power. The effect depends on the number of successes:

One success: a memory within Mnesis becomes
confused.

Three successes: A minor memory is gone.

Five successes: An ordinary memory is gone, or a

Sevent+ successes: A great memory is destroyed.

¢ Corrupt Mnesis: The Innocent can change Mnesis
into Bad Mnesis, warping the dreams of the Mokolé. The
system is as above, save that instead of being gone, the
memories are altered —a kind friend becomes an enemy,
ot a skill learned is guaranteed to backfire. The damage
done can be healed by Gifts, by a Mnesis quest, or by
pilgrimage to the Deep Umbra.

¢ Arcanos: the Innocent can use the powers of the
Restless Dead, called Arcanos. These resemble Gifts but
have somber effects. A Storyteller can use appropriately
nasty Gifts, or can use the rulebook for Wraith: The
Oblivion, equating Pathos to Gnosis.

Sunset: Dragon Lore

101


them. They consider this a hunt for the "most dangerous
game" and revel in the challenge. Most of the other Middle
Umbra realms are not accessible to Mokolé or would not
interest them, such as Wolfhome. In the Summer Country,
Mokolé say that they meet Garou who are not hostile to
them. As no one can reliably enter the Summer Country to
verify this, the truth remains unknown.

The Deep Umbra

| The Deep Umbra is the portion of the spirit world that
| reflects the Mind of Gaia. Its relation to the Realm is defined
: inamanner similar to that of the Middle Umbra, but a different
| way of seeing is necessary to understand it. Simply stepping
| sideways usually will not suffice to enter the Deep Umbra. A
: special path into it is necessary, although several wallows know
one or two such roads. Many Mokolé and most magical
practitioners must restrict themselves to traveling astrally
along the shores of Gaia's Mind, as they are unable to advance
further. Further away from the Realm, the depths of the Deep
Umbra are home to Gaia's thoughts and the spiritual represen-
tations of beings from the Realm. This is the goal of the Mokolé
spiritualist, to sail into Gaia's thoughts in search of the memo-
ties that she has forgotten and the enemies that seek to corrupt
her mind. Because of their different goals and methods, mages
will see Gaia's mind differently. Astral travel, which is a
discipline developed by the Mokolé using the same mental
tools that they use to voyage through Mnesis, has its own laws
of reality. Generally, the astral self is connected to the physical
body by an ephemeral silver cord. The traveler is unaware of the
condition of her physical body but can use the astral cord to
return to her form at any time. Depending upon her personal
beliefs, a Mokolé may view the silver cord as an umbilical cord

to the Mother Gaia or as the protecting tail of Dragon.
Astral form Mokolé may travel at great speeds; storytell-
ers are encouraged to use 1,000 miles per hour as a general
guide. Astral travelers cannot interact with the physical
world except in very limited fashion. By spending a Will-
power point, an astral traveler can manifest as a ghostly shape
and even speak. Mortals viewing a Mokolé doing this in
Archid form will be subject to the Delirium. Two astral forms
meeting one another may react as if they were physical. They
could speak, touch or even fight. However, since they have no
physical bodies, their astral selves' attributes are derived from
their minds. Wits replaces Dexterity, Manipulation acts as
Strength and Intelligence operates as Stamina. The only way
to do true harm to an astral traveler with a silver cord is to cut
the cord. Treat the Mokolé's Willpower points as health
levels. When all Willpower is lost, the cord is severed. Mokolé
physically present in the astral realm fight using their normal
physical attributes and health, however they suffer the stan-
dard plus one penalty to physical combat difficulties that all

Changers face in the spirit realms.

A being whose astral silver cord is cut is stranded in
the Umbra. Their bodies begin to die and their natures
iy change. Allow one hour per health level until the astral

form withers into a ghost and one day per health level

10.


Mages and the Umbra

If you're a regular Mage: The Ascension player,
and you're getting a touch confused, remember that
there's a difference of terminology between Mage and
Werewolf. What mages call the High Umbra, werebeasts
call the Deep Umbra — they're both talking about:the
same thing, which is the realm of abstractions.

What mages call' the Deep Umbra, shapechangers
call "outer space." As Werewolf doesn't presume that
reality is consensual, it's assumed, for simplicity's sake,
that outer space is as physical as Earth. Don't freak out
about it, though. It's not as if spaceships are a common
theme in the World.of Darkness, anyway; what are the
odds that the truth is actually going to matter?

before the Mokolé's body dies, unless the Mokolé is some-
how fed or otherwise sustained. The unfortunate becomes
aghostlike creature, essentially an astral wraith, over time.
They forget their former lives and revert to mere shells of
their past hungers and longings. Their astral attributes are
the only ones they have.

Mokolé usually avoid the few mages to be found in the
Deep Umbra; the two groups have little in common and don't
care for each other much. Any real combat is usually a disaster
for both sides. Those few mages who do get along with the
Dragon Breed are usually shamans of various traditions.

Within the Umbra, there are byways and portals to
other regions. It is known for example that certain dark
areas, called Depressions by some Mokolé, touch the
Shadowlands. This is how wraiths skilled in Argos and
hideous Spectres slip into the mind of Gaia. Spectres often
pose as Banes or are seen as Banes when they enter the
higher realms. Mokolé seeking to enter the realms of the
dead should be wary of the souls that lurk within the
Depressions. They range from Spectre life-eaters to dead
mystics who seek to draw the living down into the Dark for
their own nefarious purposes.

Silver portals, known as Eyes, lead into Lunar shards in the
Middle Umbra. They can be seen far off by their gentle glow.
These are the areas where one is most likely to meet with Garou
orsorcerers traveling from the Middle Umbra. Lunesand Glade
Children sometimes lurk here, though they usually fear to leave
the confines of the Eye, as they sense the danger to their being.
Finally, the common occurrence of bright lights reaching into
the Deep Umbra are called Ascensions. It is believed that these
usually temporary places are charged with the thoughts of great
intellects and powerful thoughts creating a conduit from the
minds of the Realm straight into Gaia's mind. Mages experi-
encing epiphanies, powerful dreamers and mighty thinkers
may be found within these conduits, either in person or through
some sort of idea which represents them, such as Beethoven's
Ninth Symphony or Newton's Principia. Though they can be
dangerous, these are the features most likely to attract the
Mokolé.

Ma

Sunset: Dragon Lore
an aa? 2m

As travelers leave the portions of Gaia's mind where
the physical realm still holds some sway, at least in deter-
mining the shape of the landscape, they travel into the Deep
Umbra. The experience can be likened to plunging into the
sea from a shallow beach --- cold and deep. Suddenly the
silver cord becomes thin, and those who carry on often feel
vulnerable or even claim that the cord seems to want to draw
them back. The most common way for a mystic to reach the
Deep Umbrais by passing through one of the various portals,
such as those provided by the Ascensions. Those travelers
skilled enough to have reached this point have often done
so physically without a silver cord, but there are others who
have the skill to remove the cord and travel onwards
undaunted. An astral traveler who cannot remove her cord
can still enter the Deep Umbra, but she is at great risk. A
portal may move great distances and require her to spend
incredible amounts of time trying to return to her body.
Sometimes a portal may even close, cutting the cord and
stranding her in the Deep Umbra as her body begins to die,
or attract some entity intent on tracking the cord to her
current whereabouts. Typically, Mokolé enter the Deep
Umbra in search of lost memories, which in the Umbral
realms can take the forms of spiritual ideals or beings.

The Makara of India hypothesize that memories can-
not truly lose themselves. The Pratigata, the lost dreams of
Gaia, are their goals. They seek out these ancient spirits,
who are often seemingly worn to near-nothingness by ages
of disuse, who flit about so chaotically that none can catch
them or who are so obscure and cryptic that no one can
understand them. The Makara say that the Pratigata are the
forms of all of Gaia's "lost memories;" if the Mokolé can just
find all of the Pratigata the balance will be restored, for they
will know the original mind of Gaia. Of course the Deep
Umbra is an unimaginable array of ideas, ideals, spirits,
magical places, enigmas and puzzles. Some of these are no
more than loose thoughts and are small or weak. Such a
presence might be no more than a single idle joke half-
remembered over morning coffee with no more power to
even cause the Mokolé to chuckle.

Tremendously potent ideas, it's said, come from the beliefs
of entire cultures. It's said that divinities from ancient mytholo-
gies can be found here, but who can say for sure? The Mokolé
are not pilgrims in the Umbra, but are there fora reason. [fthere
are Incarna claiming to be gods hanging about in the Deep
Umbra, the Mokolé don't have time to play supplicant.

The Mokolé often visit the memory realms, which they
can enter through dreams or by trekking through the Shadow
to these Deep Umbra locations. The memory realms appear
as caves, palaces, or even spheres floating in the Shadow's sky-
ocean. When approaching a memory realm, voyagers can
usually behold the nature of the memory through windows,
refracted in the bubble's surface, and so on. To enter requires
a Mnesis roll against a difficulty that the Storyteller can set.
To enter a total stranger's memory of a trip to the supermar-
ket, the difficulty would be 9, while to access the last thoughts
of a Bosnian in a death camp might be 10. Memories such as

103


Se ae

the Civil War, which are familiar to many, would be only a 4
or 5 — but specific memories of subtleties are harder.

When Mokolé enter the memory realms, they can
effectively enter any memory accessible to any Mokolé. Of
course, their own memories are most easily accessible. If
they enter a memory, the Storyteller may simply allow them
to enter the story that the memory relates, with each
Mokolé traveler playing a part. lf they succeed in finishing
the story, the memory enters their own Mnesis.

Occasionally, Mokolé try to change the contents of a
memory. The Storyteller should allow them to roleplay their
way through this process, in which the strength of the story
opposes their own Mnesis and will. Stories, even the
Mahabharata, Iliad, or Odyssey, are not immutable, but the
Storyteller should emphasize their strength. No single
Mokolé, not even mighty Mokolé-Mbembe himself, has the
power to rewrite history by saving Martin Luther King from
death or overthrowing Set before he could banish the Silent
Striders. To change history so dramatically, an army would
be needed — and even then there's no guarantee of success.

If the Mokolé succeed, they will find that the memory
they came across is different when they return to the
physical world. Reality itself might seem to be unchanged —
or then again, maybe not. After all, time is a powerful thing,
so powerful it governs Sun and Moon. And if time is upset,
it rights itself eventually.

Two spirits of particular interest to the Mokolé are the
Pranastajjanika Pratigata and the Smrtihara. Pranastajjanika
is the word the Makara use to describe a Mokolé who has lost
all knowledge or memory; this personal oblivion is a fate
worse than mere death, for the memories can't pass on.

Given the Makara assertion that a Pratigata exists for every -

one of Gaia's lost memories, it is believed that there is a
Pratigata for each Pranastajjanika. This creature is the
Mokolé's lost memories. If the two can be rejoined, they will
become one once again.

Smrtihara are spirits found in the Deep Umbra that
apparently seek to destroy Gaia's memories. The memory-
seizers are believed by certain Makara to be the Daughters of
the Demoness of Sorrow, embodiments of the suicidal im-
pulse that has entered the mind of Gaia through the Imbal-
ance. The Smrtihara hunt and artack other denizens of the
Deep Umbra and destroy memory: they can make something
"never have been" by eating its ideal form in the Astral
Realm. Of course, the spirits that they defeat generally simply
enter slumber, and eventually awaken, but the Smrtihara are

| Mbawe Mbage Barsiness

Is.itin fact possible for Mokolé, the travelers most
experienced in communal remembering and memory
realms, to enter the Akashic Record — the "Mnesis" of
an entire tradition of mages?

Maybe.

Interesting thought, eh?

still incredibly disruptive and are quite possibly responsible
for the fleeting nature of many Pratigata. The Makara con-
sider it their duty to bind or destroy the Smrtihara.

Many spirits within the Deep Umbra know the Mokolé
and respect their duty to the Mother. There are treaties made
with the memories of Gaia by the Dragon Kings, resembling the
pacts made with the denizens of the Middle Umbra by Garou.
To reflect this the Mnesis of the Mokolé acts as a bonus to
Social rolls with most denizens of the Deep Umbra. Obvious
exceptions are malevolent thoughts such as the Smrtihara.

The Mokolé have walked the Deep Umbra so long that
they possess many way stations and realms there. These are
called Yathamaya — "As Fixed in the Memory" — by the
Makara. The Mokolé-mbembe refer to them as "memory
palaces," and insist that each and every tree, room, seat of
marble, etc., is a memory within the great scheme of things.
There are wallows where tired and wounded Mokolé can rest,
temples and pagodas where they can contemplate the nature of
the Pratigata and meditate upon the bond between their mind
and that of Gaia, and libraries with scrolls and maps represent-
ing the memories that the Dragon Breed protect. The spirit-
books and tablets often contain text in the Dragon's Tongue,
and in lost human languages only Mokolé can read. The Caves
of Memory, long known to mystics, are also Yathamaya.

The Storyteller can assume that these Umbral refuges
are inhabited by wandering Mokolé and possibly by spirits
which reflect the nature of the place. An idea for storytelling
is to have Yathamaya which depict memories associated
with the chronicle: one room could be full of "books" which
are the Mnesis lineage of a specific character, while a shrine
could be decorated with mosaics of the heroes whom the
clutch remembers. The Storyteller can assign a Yathamaya
a number of points, similar to a caern or wallow, to reflect its
importance and the number of memory lines there.

° One memory lineage

oe Two memory lineages, or one with famous or
powerful memories.

oe Three lineages, or one major and one minor lineage.

eee  Fourmemory lineages, or one very powerful lineage.

eeeee The greatest and most powerful memories are
housed there.

Stories could revolve round the clutch's search for a

Yathamaya, their struggle to understand its mysteries, and

the rewards that comprehension of such a place can offer.

Mresis: A User's Guide.

‘Wie Makalé hanecconigg Alo Makalhdiesamsil all the lees
it has touched are gone, until all the good it has done is destroyed.
Our clutchmates will live so long as we keep the memory of Gaia."

— Stands Against the Tide, Warding the Clutch of
Towers above the Kings, Remembering the Clutch From
Across the Blue Waters.

Mnesis is the direct exercise of the Mokolé's function as
the Memory of Gaia. Living and dead, the Dragon Breed

104 Mokolé

L——— 7 are ST


contain Her past. Mokolé have never cared much for the
sentimental notion of the afterlife that is expressed in myths
like those of the "Happy Hunting Grounds." Death is not
frightening or hateful to the Mokolé, because they progress
to become part of Gaia's Memory.

The Shining are the guides of the dead, both in this
life and the next. At the deathbeds of the Dragon Breed
they are sometimes visible when they arrive to escort the
soul to its destination. The Midnight Suns tell of a
dreamspace built out of the barrier-range between the
Middle and Dark Umbra, a Greek amphitheater into
which pilgrims can enter to consult the Memory. Mnesis
trances sometimes work like this.

The pilgrim stands on the stage. In the first row sit his
parents. Behind them are the grandparents. Mokolé in the
family tree are in their Archid form, while others are humans
or reptiles. Non-Mokolé ancestors often have less to say. As
each person dies, they are conducted into the tiers by
Shining spirits. Each generation's bench is twice as wide as
the one below it; in the distance are the plumed, horned
shapes of The Kings. The level of Mnesis possessed by the
pilgrim determines how far he can see. The questioner may
ask any question, but the answer depends on whether an
ancestor could have known this and whether the distant
memory traces can be found and read.

Rarely, the ancients will speak of their own volition,
and when they do, Mokolé are advised to listen closely.

Sunset: Dragon Lore

Mnesis Quests

Learning is nothing but remembering.

—~ Plato, Phaedo, 72e

Mnesis quests are dangerous. The Storyteller can em-
phasize this by being mindful of three kinds of peril.

The passage within has its terrors for the remembrancer.
The realm of Mnesis is inhabited by Dream Hunters —
memories so savage and clever that one past cannot hold
them. The Dream Hunter emerges when the Mokolé re-
members a scene containing something dangerous. It may
well bide its time, attacking when the Mokolé is deep into
remembrance, shattering the illusion of the past like a
bloody John Wilkes Booth jumping onto a stage. If defeated,
it must wait until the Mokolé or one of her descendants
again remembers the scene whence came its shape.

There are three doors that Mokolé cannot open: the start
of the Wars of Rage, the First Changer, and the WonderWork
of the Wyrm. To approach any of these is to invite madness
or death Within. There are many, many other perilous
memories. Breaks-The-Chain, a remembrancer of the River
of Grass clutch, delved for memories of the slave trade and
upon emerging, took her own life in horror at what she had
seen. In game terms, the Storyteller may rule that a Mokolé
beholding a scene of great evil and horror must make a
Willpower check. Failure means the Mokolé must spend a
Willpower point to avoid Harano or Derangement.


The third kind of peril is much subtler. The past contains
horror, but also endless beauty and joy. Too many Mokolé
love Mnesis so much that they prefer it to their own lives,
spending months on end reliving the glories of the past while
Gaia dies. There is no actual rules system for this, but the
Storyretercan iil' Mnesis trances with dunts ana'tures to ataw
players further and further in, all the while promising more
and more power and knowledge. Borching a Mnesis roll is
extremely dangerous. The Mokolé who does so is liable to
misremember important facts or to remember things that did
not happen. In the case of important rolls, the Storyteller can
make them and then give the player the information. An-
other option is to allow an attack of Dream Hunters.

Remembering Non-Mokolé Memories

What we had witnessed, he said, was not the real Lizard
song... the real song would have named each waterhole the Lizard
Man drank from, each tree he cut a spear from, each cave he slept
in, covering the whole long distance of the way.

~~ Bruce Chatwin, The Songlines

Peter said, "I've been searching through the Memory to find
our common ancestors. Why can't I find them?"

Morwangu packed more pituri into his pipe and reached for
acoal from the fire. "Giving the Memory to another, that's like
pouring tea through a strainer."

"What do you mean?"

"Jus' leaves."

"You mean, uh, anything that doesn' tfit into my own world
T can't find?"

"Yeah. You got it."

Mokolé are descended from long chains of human and
reptile ancestors. They carry the memories of these creatures
as well as those of their true Mokolé ancestors.

Memories from human ancestors have clear views of
scenes, and elements of the scene such as the social status or
relationship of people present are more obvious. Language, if
any is used, it a little easier to understand (the remembrancer
gets the meaning of a speech if the ancestor understood what
was being said), and the thoughts of the ancestor are more
comprehensible in terms of analysis of the scene or event.
Suchid ancestors think in much more sensory terms, in terms
of patterns and textures or variations in scent. Animals, birds,
plants and weather are familiar to the ancestor, though she
may not know the names of them, and any implications such
as a coming storm, are obvious. The suchid ancestor remem-
bers sounds, including language butnot what the words mean.
Suchid awareness is much sharper than human. They can
identify species and even individuals from a single footprint,
and tell from the smell and taste of the water what is going on.

In terms of game mechanics, allow the guidelines above to
govern how useful Mnesis will be. If the character is looking at
aswamp through human eyes, she may see only water, trees and
mud. A suchid looking at a war, however, sees only humans
killing each other and does not see the meaning of the battle.


Mnesis Rapture

Mamu peered over the rise and sniffed. Lizard, plain as day.
"Tt ends here, packmates. I do not know how these Wyrm-things
lived when all the rest were dead. Maybe the Wyrm births them
again to mock us." Restive growls arose from Talon and Kin
alike, dingo bodies rippling and shifting as Rage boiled up. "We
will camp here today and attack at nightfall. They are weakest at
night." He looked Rage-In-The-Streets in the eye. "The thing
that calls itself a Garou must die too. | do not know if it is a Black
Spiral or something even worse, but it has betrayed us."

A scout returned. "Mamu. I have found a campsite of two-
legs with food and bedding. I did not smell the Wyrm."

"They have found some evil way to hide their taint. We must
strike as soon as the day is dead."

Rears-And-Rends spoke. "Mamu, should we attack the
two-legs who were here first? They care for Mother Gaia as we
do. If we do not smell the Wyrm, we may be in the wrong place.
Remember Cracked Earth Pack, slain with silver because they
took too many humans."

"Coward and traitor! Do you challenge me in wartime?'
Mamu shapeshifted into Hispo, towering over the judge, and
growled, eyes wild with Rage. Rears-and-Rends backed away,
fled the battlefield.

The Talon settled head on paws and waited.

The Mokolé link to the past is profound. This is
expressed not only through Mnesis trances but in daily life.
Although spontaneous expression of Mnesis is rare, it does
happen and can be a powerful Storyteller's device.

On infrequent occasions, a Mokolé may see an object or
place that is also in Mnesis. When this happens, the Story-
teller may allow an instant Mnesis roll. If the player gets one
success, allow a vague sense of déja vu. Three successes allow
the character to access the memories of what the ancestor
saw. Five successes grant the "story" of what happened. Ifthe
roll botches, the character spasms with nightmares of bad
Mnesis for a period of time. It's likely that the character will
be enraptured for a number of hours equal to the number of
successes; the Storyteller might allow the player to spend a
Willpower point to avoid this.

Mnesis Rapture may introduce a story, a new theme, or
even serve as a catalyst for a First Change.

The Wanderers

Mnesis is passed from parent to child — usually from
mother to children. Mokolé are sedentary, usually requiring
only small areas to survive by hunting, fishing and garden-
ing. As the millennia have passed, this has led to Mnesis
being extremely local. A clutch knows more of its own past
than that of other clutches. To prevent the lines of memory
from running apart and the Dragon Breed from being
sundered into hostile "tribes," the office of Wanderer was
brought into being long ago. There have been many, many
famous Wanderers, from the Time of the Kings through the
Age of Sleep and the Last Times. The Wars of Rage curtailed

Sunset: Dragon Lore

AEA IP LET teiemeey //,

Wandering severely. The first Wanderer of the new era was
Ornate Piers, followed by Seeks-The-Forgotten and others.
Wanderers are called "North Suns" in the Northern
Hemisphere and "South Suns" in the Southern Hemisphere,
because the Sun passes across the south sky for the Northern
Hemisphere and the north sky for the Southern. They are also
called "Hook-Suns" and "Cross-Suns" by tale-tellers, because
at night the north sky is ruled by the Hook (Ursa Major) and
the southern sky by the Southern Cross. In both cases, the
image is ofa sun outside the ecliptic. "Wayward Sun' is another
old term for Wanderers. There are Rising and Setting Wander-
ers, Rising being younger ones and Setting Wanderers being
old. Young Wanderers are usually male, while older ones can be
either male or female. Clutches which meet them are obliged
to provide them with food and shelter for at least one day and
to hear their words within one day of their arrival. A visiting
Wanderer usually stays "more than a day and less than a year."
Wanderers have three functions. First, they bring new
stories and tales with them. These pass to the new clutch
whom they visit either as they are told, or through Anam-
nesis, if anyone can perform the rite. Second, they breed
when possible with fertile Kin, preventing inbreeding and
giving new Mnesis to the clutch. Third, they forge alliances.
The Wanderers are ritually initiated into their office before
they leave, and they may learn the Rite of Anamnesis before
they go to allow them to spread Mnesis directly. They may also
have the Rite of Anamnesis performed on themat clutches that
they visit. Their journeys are arduous; many do notreturn home.
Player characters may be Wanderers, or their clutch
may receive a Wanderer as a story seed (possibly with
disturbing news and possibly being a disturbance herself).
Many chronicles could be constructed around Wanderers
and their hosts.

Sunbane

Peter returned from his prowl and shifted back to Homid.
"Morwangu, wake up. We're in trouble."

The aged lizard lifted its head and spoke. "What is it, son?"

"I smell Garou. Talons. We have to go."

"Talons?"

"The Red Talons are the Garou who are all wolf. Uh, Imean
‘dingo.' They hate humans, and hate Mokolé too, I guess. They
probably brought a war pack." He hesitated. "They'll kill us all."

"They will do no such thing. Stay out of their way for now."
The old one returned to contemplation, silent and still as the
ancestor-stone where he sat.

Sun is not a vindictive or malign power, but offending
Him is dangerous. Mokolé and Corax who advance the
cause of darkness often suffer mysterious illnesses: disfigur-
ing molts, horrible burns which destroy Appearance, skin
cancer, even leprosy. These ailments are collectively called
Sunbane and are greatly feared. It is up to the Storyteller to
decide when Sun is offended enough to wreak such ven-
geance: this retribution should be used sparingly to empha-

107


_——

size its horrible nature. Note that skin diseases or molts can
cause feathers to fall out, making some winged characters
unable to fly, or may cause scale and plate armor to fall off,
making the character defenseless until it regrows.

Camps

Morwangu arose and spoke with Jeffo for a long time. The
two men then lit the fire and set some yams on to roast.

Finally, Peter shot to his feet.
They're coming, and they'll try to killa

Jeffo answered without taking his eyes from the yams.
"Well, man, first of all they're not killing anyone. Second of all,
we can't outrun a dingo with a bee up his butt."

"How can you just sit here?
llof your mob, probably.'

"So you're just going to sit here?"

"The mountains do the same. Maybe they know something."

Peter tasted guilt. Webby was nowhere to be found, and he
knew why. Ithad sold him to the Talons in return for who-knows-
what favor, and he had led the Talons to the Mokolé.

It was all his fault.

He could try to escape, reach the Umbra pathways to safety.
But the Mokolé would die, and then the Talons would kill the
aborigine mob too. He couldn' t.let that happen.

He couldn't stop it either. Notal alone against however many
berserk Talons.

He had to stand here anddie, Nobody to tell the tale either,
as if any Garou would even listen!

The yams were réady. J to Moran ate and then sat
still once more.

The Army af the Aten

This war cluteh of Mokolé, chiefly Rising Suns, spends
most of its time in the Umbra warring to preserve Sun. Its
members are required to prove themselves in battle and to
know Gifts which allow Umbral passage. Fewer thana dozen
Mokolé are members at any one time. Of these, at least two
possess True Faith in Sun.

The Army of the Aten constantly prepares to fight a
battle against the Dissolver arid the forces of darkness. To
prepare for it, they seek out ancient treasures hidden on Earth,
the Near Realms, and the Dissolver Realms, and hoard them
for their own use. They also seek out and destroy vampires and
werewolves that seem to be servants of darkness. They are
intolerant of those making deals with the Dissolver and will
"correct" any Mokolé or Corax guilty of such a crime.

The Nomads of Time

This is not a "camp" so much asa society. The Nomads
are Mokolé and a few Kin led by elders who know the Gift:
Sleep of the Dragon and the Rite of the Sleeping Dragon.
They hold a few wallows in the tropics, such as the swamps
of Cameroon. Many are Zhong Lung.

The Nomads use the Sleep of the Dragon to wait out
time. They sleep for a certain number of years while human

Kin work to further their goals, then appear again as planned.
Chosen Kin are put to sleep along with their Mokolé mates
and children in order to perpetuate the Breed. Some Kin are
encouraged to sleep until their proper mates are born. A few
homids have recently invested money and then entered
slumber, planning sleep until it is a huge fortune. Others use
their long "lives" to pursue undead or to build strong wallows
and clutches of Mokolé and Kin. A few have lived for
thousands of years, although no Mokolé is known to be more
than two thousand years old at the present.

Of course, the Nomads must keep their lairs secret even
from other Mokolé lest the location be forced from them and
the sleepers killed. No one knows how many Nomads remain
asleep or where their lost fortresses may be. Given that they
likely cache hoards of jewels, art treasures, and ancient manu-
scripts with them in order to have a "grubstake" when they
wake, the location of these places would be most valuable.

Mokolé and Magah
Why did it have.to be snakes?

— Dr. Indiana Jones

The Nagah (weresnakes), the Judges of Gaia, are be-
lieved by most scholars to have been exterminated in the
Wars of Rage. Mokolé, for the most part, agree with this and
assume that the occasional "wereserpent" that they meet is
simply another Mokolé, However, afew Mokolé know through
Mnesis that the Nagaht have survived into the modern period,
and know the Nagah'sseetet. If you are playing a Mokolé, the
Storyteller will inform you how much knowledge of the
Nagah you may have. In most cases, you have none at all.

Mokolé who have learned the lore of the Nagah aren't
necessarily friendly toward the Nagah and may even come
into conflict with them in the course of the Nagah's frighten-
ing "mission." If the Storyteller decides to use the Nagah in his
chronicle, he might allow a Mnesis roll against the Nagah's
Willpower for any Mokolé to know who the Nagah really are.
In addition, the Mokolé might have a chance of recognizing
an apparently "fitting" death as in fact a very subtle execution;
for instance, ifa Mokolé came upon the remains of a notorious
man-eating Bone Gnawer who had seemingly accidentally
choked to death on a lump of meat. In such cases, the
Storyteller may allow the Mokolé a Mnesis roll to realize that
the Nagah are involved. Only do so, however, if you're
interested in fully exploring the Nagah plotline — the Nagah
have not survived by being careless about their secret, and
would certainly notice if a Mokolé started spreading rumors.
The Nagah are best used deliberately, never as filler.

The sun went down. Morwangu squatted motionless by the

ashes of the fire. Jeffo stood beside him. Peter paced in Glabro.

Leaving was cowardice. Staying was death.

Mokolé

ee


How many Garou had died like this? He wondered for the
first time about the Garou who had died in the Wars of Rage.
How many had defended the other Breeds?

Was this just another battle in the Wars of Rage?

Mamu came over the rise and Peter's heart turned cold. The
Talon was pony-sized, eyes burning with rage. Behind him came
six other Garou and a dozen dingoes. Mamu glared at Peter and
howled The Challenge. Peter spoke to him in return. "Mamu, we

mean no harm. I am Peter Ward of the Taddle Creek Sept of the:

Glass Walkers. Our tribes are at peace. Let us continue so."

"Die, Wyrm lover! Die! Die!!" He advanced with openjaws. :
The two Mokolé were still as death. Beneath the surface of ~

his own mind Peter felt a current in the sea of memory. "Peter,"
came Jeffo's whisper, "your ancestors..."
Peter's mind, laughing at some tale in moot. An older man in a

suit, more he didn't know. What were they doing? The images _

came and went.

Mamuwas on them. Peter could think of only one thing that _

might save them.

"T surrender, mighty Talon!" He shifted back to Homid and :

threw himself at the monster's feet.

Accept an Honorable Surrender. That had been the Law for
untold eons. Mamu stopped. His pack gathered round, sniffed
Peter for fear. A snout ran over his face, another at his crotch.
"His action honorable," grated one voice, in Garou so accented
with dingo that Peter could barely understand. "We not kill." The
pack withdrew afew paces. Now Peter faced them, unable to stop
shaking, while the two Gumagan stood still. At the edge of
consciousness he felt men, women, wolves in forests, cities,
battles, down mudbrick streets, across Ice Age meadows...

"NO! Iam Alpha! I command! I say KILL! KILL:!"
Mamu roared. "KILL!"

He lunged at Peter.
But he stopped short. Something was in the way.

Itwasa grey wolf. How couldit be here? Peter looked closer,
and so did the Talons. He heard it first from the almost-human

one, Rage-In-The Streets. "The Ancestor."

It was not a wolf, but The Wolf. Peter knew in the depths -
of his soul that this was Him, the Progenitor of the Garou.

"First Of Us All, we...we greet you." Itwas Many Howls,

the Talons' tale-teller. Mute, Mamu nodded, urged him on: ©

"Your presence does us honor."

Children."

"Father, we are of one Blood. What would you of us?" The
ancient wolf gazed at each of them in turn.

"We are indeed of one Blood. All of us are the children of

Mother Gaia. Her Peace be upon us all."
"Thank you, Progenitor Wolf. Why have you come here?"
"come to end for alltime the Wars of Rage. Today they pass
into Memory forever. Heed my—" He was interrupted by howls.
"Good! Good! Kill lizard-things! Father say kill lizard things!
KILL! KILL!!" Mamu was ecstatic. "KILL NOW!! I—"

Cassie appeared in

"Tam honored that anyone remembers me. You are we -

Sunset: Dragon Lore

gains //

"Be silent, my child. Heed my words. You ave no wolf, only
dog. And the Dragon Breed are the Mother's firstborn. You will slay
them no longer. They are the Mother's memory, and if you heed
them, all that Was can be again. The Wars of Rage are over. Let the
healing of Gaia begin." The shape shimmered, passed away.

"Brother Garou?" Peter blinked. It was Many Howls.
"T...T almost cannot speak. You saw what we did?"

"Yes. Yes, I did." That had to be the right thing to say.

"That was the Ancestor. He spoke to us himself."

"We must do as he says." Peter tried to echo the awe and

_ piety in the Talon's voice.

"These are the Dragons he spoke of?"
"Indeed-so, and.they call themselves Gumagan. Their

names .aré-—" He translated in his head for amoment— "Warmth

In Darkness and Seeks-Other-Paths. They know many secrets."

Mamwu growled low and long, shaking his head. At last, he
riembled out more broken words through his Hispo jaws, "This
cannot be. I go. My pack, follow me."

None did.

"That settles the leadership issue," said Rage-In-The Streets.

He shifted to Homid. "Wow, that feels good. He is one crazy sod.

Your name's Peter?"

"Peter Ward, Taddle Creek Sept."

"Where's that?"

"Toronto. Canada."

"Long way to here, innit?"

"Yeah. Uh... yeah."

Jeffo came over to where the Garou were talking. "G'day.
Say; did you ever hear what the Garou said to the Mokolé when
he met him?"

Peter sighed. The wisdom of Gaia.

oes

Later, he sat by Morwangu as the Sun rose. "Father?"

"Yes, son?"

"Why did the Ancestor appear? You had something to do
with that, didn't you?"

"No. You did. He isn'tin my Memory. But he is in yours,
all of yours."
"How did he speak to us? He isn't a ghost."
"No. He never died."
"What do youmean? Pr rogenitor Wolflived in...in the Ice Age!"
"He lives in you."
"But how...how could we see him?" Smell him? "How

: could he be, be real?"

"There isa rite. Memory may walk. Doesn't it always?"

"But— did you make him say that? To stop them?"

"I didn't make him say anything. It was all true."

"Thanks."

"Don't thank me! I was saving my own hide! Thank what
is good in you. That's what made all the difference."

"T think we have a lot of talking to do with those Talons."
"Lot of remembering too."

109


Character Templates

Since time began, the Mokolé have loved their chil-
dren. All the various Changing Breeds pay honor and
respect to their ancestors and elders, but no Béte can boast

of a greater parental love for their descendants than the love
the Mokolé have for their young. Although Mokolé do not
shelter their children, and do their best to ensure that their
young ones are ready for the responsibilities of Mnesis, they
remain very protective of their future generations.

_ teligiou

Night: Lizardskin

Remember. The dragons live. Inside us.
— Peter Dickinson, The Flight of Dragons

This isexactly the reflex theyneed. Despite the Mokolé's
sus reverence for the past, not all answers lie in the
ry. The key to sheltering and defending the
Mothet Cow lies in the generations yet being born, those
who are inclined to look to the future as well as to the past.
if the Dragon Breed are to endure and protect the Memory,
they need the young ones, the young dragons.


anywhere.

side.

~Sgsinks~

Name:

Player:
} = Chronicle:
4

Spring Sky: Military Diplomat

Quote: Settle down there, big fella. White flag. Truce. You savvy? Good. I didn't come here looking for a fight — I can get those

Breed: Homid
Stream: Zhong Lung
Auspice: Tung Chun

Prelude: You were raised as a child of privilege and went to private school. Dad was a
bigshot and Mom wasn't around much. Mom came to school when you were fourteen and took
you out to the seashore dunes; there she told you to wait for her, and then left. You waited
for days, till the visions came. Dragon's voice spoke between the waves of the sea, telling of
life after life through ages of time. One morning of your vigil, as Sun showed his face, you
became a dragon. Mom's clutch came to you then and taught you the Old Ways. You returned
to school and to human society, slipping away now and then on clutch business.

Now you're a minor official in the national government, which gives youample clearance
to travel on "business." It's a good cover.

Concept: The elders found you, with your "human wiles," an excellent agent for
Mokolé matters among the two-legs. The hardest missions are those to the other
shapeshifters: you have made contacts among the Ravens, the Tigers, and the
Makara. The Garou, now, that's another story. But someday, probably. If
they're as bad news as Memory says, then maybe you should get them on your

Roleplaying Notes: Your fighting skills are formidable, even for a
Mokolé, but you try to avoid renewing the old wars. Aware of the Mother's dire
needs, you hope that the alliances you forge among your fellow Béte will prove potent f
against the Monster of the Deep Shadows. Your many Allies and Contacts are scattered all
over the World of Darkness. You are young and inexperienced, though, and there are potent
enemies that you know little about. Perhaps human shortsightedness is your most effective
foe; it's certainly something that you're not readily prepared to fight.

Equipment: Passport, papers of office in your national government, Tec-9 pistol, dress
uniform, credit cards.

Chutch:
Varna: Karna
Concept: Military Diplomat

y, 923030

Willpower ———
e@eeee00000
3549932005900

. ae
Physical Social Mental
Svrenath, 6 nena e800  Chariana, eeee0 Perception, PEOHOO
Oe A EOD " 4000 — Intell MHOOO
SEAN rman OOO An a WAPI #8000 Way oe HQOO
sens dara
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, #0000 Animal Ken. OOOO — Computer, OOOO
Arhtetics, HO000 — Drive, OOOO Enigmas OOOO
Brawl. oe ROOD — Exiquette, eM OOO Investigation, OO000
Dodue_, #000 — Firearms #6000 Law @e000
Empathy oa KOOO Leadership. OOO Lingustes eho
Express: om OG00 Melee em@pooo | Madicine ome HOO
fitmne #000 Performance OOOO | Occult i ferererere)
Bromal lr rge enn: [stalerere] ! OOOO — Politics anne BOO,
#0000 @0000 Rituals 20000
#0000 OOOO — Science, #e@000
a
: Backgrounds Gift: Gilts
PbS OOOO
Contacts seeeo Bellow
Mnesis #O000
90000
00000 3
Ss je eth
(fh Scrat
Genown Rage Health
Glory @800000000 — Bruised a
@0800000000 B24 oa - Hurt a
Bugg ogg FESG9 938 ed 1G
Honor 2 GN0SiS—— te Wounded 9-2
Ma 2
#900000000 eeoovo00000 Mail 5
33335333593 j55569554G es og
" oe PS Te Oe Ee ee ee ae | Incapacitated im

-Sun Dice am
Gain an extra die to
initiative dice pool.

‘ Ne

oA
—_

a

Mokolé

LS


Moorday San: Lawspeaker Mystic

Quote: Sun does not turn from his Path. You should have followed his example.

Prelude: You hatched in the blazing noon of an Australian riverbank and headed for the water. The river was full of
fish and you made yourself at home. Mom fussed over you more than the others, but you hardly noticed. Tough enough to
survive out there; you never felt the many pairs of eyes on you.

The river began to taste bad one day, after the rains had come and gone. Filth made the
fish die. Then two-legs came. Thunder from a blue sky, and Mom bleeding and still, same as
the rest of the mob. Rage filled you for the first time, and the two-legs fled before a living
Tyrannosaurus. They didn't flee far.

Human meat was better than fish any day.

As you bellowed triumph, the Crowning found you. The rites they taught you filled
you with the wisdom of a thousand ancestors and the law of eons. Now you put that
wisdom to work for you; it's the fire that floods your muscles when you set into motion.
And you can move damnably quick when need be.

Concept: You serve your mob as a judge and lawspeaker. You are young for a judge; you
have some knowledge of the Law but want to know more about it. You have already sat as
judge at several Gathers, and your services are in demand among clutches, as good judges
aren't easy to find. Your Gnosis helps keep you steady. Be harsh, as it's what the
lawbreakers deserve, but fair. You can relax at Gather, though, and enjoy your
clutchmates' company.

Roleplaying Notes: You speak slowly and deliberately; some would mistake it for
a lack of intelligence, but it's a simple desire to say exactly what you feel. Speaking
quickly garbles words. You are also relatively slow and measured in your movements
—-as you carefully observe the situation and watch for the precise point of action.
When you actually choose to act, you're quicker than any snake.

S3333985

ye

Equipment: Body paint, favorite stones, staff of office.

etn ITOK OLE yh.

Name: Breed: Suchid Clutch:
Player: Stream: Gumagan Varna: Karna
£ Chronicle: Auspice: Unshading Concept: Lawspeaker Mystic
"ol » a
Physical Social Mental
ser MO Chemsma #8000 — Perception OO
nee ROO Manipalan. ome @OO0 Intelligence. OO
SESE MD Appearance. e@Ooo | Wit, az #HO0O
worerrenaer sae aA fb Abilities Svat
Talents Skills Knowledges
Aer eS eee MOO Animal Ken. 68000 Computer" ooode
HOCOO Dre ee OOOO — Enigmas (elererere]
comme OOOO — Enguerte OOOO "estigation, #O000
#0000 Firearms 0000 et enenree eM OOOO
OOO? Leadership eGo Linguistics ODO
Melet mmm OG000 Medicine ne KOO
Inamadation #A000 — Performance, @OO0O = Occult. #O000
Primabeltge eM EOD Repo OOoOO Politics OOOO
Streeree 0 OOOOO — Stedth oo @ogoe | Rituals eo
Subtertisie OOOO — Surewal eee00 Science, eaeeggee OOOO
Ph
_ Ghackgrounds Gifts Gifts
i @eooo Speed of Thought.
Totem eeeoo = Truth of Olodumare
Wallow ee8o0
0000
[exerelere)
Renown Rage Health
Gory oo eeeeecncoon Aue _
eo00000 © V4 54Rqaaats urt 1 og
Dgpggp apa FAFA S FFI uree 1 3
Honor ee GINO SIS went Wounded 2 a
2000000000 eeeeovc000 Nes oF 3
= : ripple 5 4
PIS 392 03555550999 ineapociated = 5
e©000000000 Willpower —<— Sun Dice ——
y, AAIIIAIAIIIIAIA seeeeeo00no Subtract one die from
—-~ Rank ——a— 355599595500 dark-related foes'
dice pool

IP"


:

eN

Setting Sun: Social Worker

Quote: Don't be getting in my
face. I got something I gotta tell you.

Prelude: You were born
right here, far from the swampy
South where Grandma spent her
childhood pulling weeds and
picking tomatoes. Later, she lived
in the city, and she had her hands
full raising you —- Mama was
spaced out on drugs and Dad
long gone. Her tales of alliga-
tor-men, haints and other crit-

ters were just made up to enter-
tain you, you thought.

One summer, though, the
two of you rode the Greyhound
down home, and an uncle you
barely remembered took one
) look at you and started' say-

ing the same things. They

hiked with you into the
AY smelly, bug-filled swamp
and you realized all of a sud-
den thar you had been here
before. Every tree, every creek,
hada memory attached to it:
slavery, flight, battle, free-
dom, work, play, and your
own people. As the sun
sank, you remembered
more and more. By trail's
end, it was a gator that
accompanied your Kin.

a
‘.
SSN,

am
|—

You went to school ona

scholarship (history was

easy!) and decided that

fk. Dragon needed you more right

here than somewhere you'd

y) never been. At least you know

the turf. Most of the worst kids

on the streets give you some re-

\ spect; those that don't, well, they
learn to.

Concept: You are a social worker

ata shelter on the dark streets of the big

city. Your life hasn't been easy, and as a

Mokolé, you feel threatened and cut off

from Sun in this human realm of stone and

concrete. However, the most precious re-

N source in the world is here — new Mokolé.

Unknowing Kinfolk from Southern farms

=~ and Third World warzones have

~

settled here, and the clutch has sent you to find Dragon's
Brood in the "hood.

Roleplaying Notes: You need your high Gnosis to keep
from exploding with Rage at the cruelty and stupidity of
human society. Mokolé may eat human flesh, but they can't
stand unnecessary suffering. You have been endlessly disap-
pointed in your attempts to find and help lost hatchlings
before the Garou or the Dissolver gets them. Each one you
find, however, is a treasure beyond price. You have devel-
oped an awareness of the other Awakened on the dark city
streets where you work, and have come to realize that it isn't
practical to cull every Leech you meet. In fact, some of them
are cultured and intelligent creatures with an enlightened
self-interest in promoting the society of their human prey.
Also, the telltales have twice led you to troubled kids who

were Garou, not Mokolé.

You don't have much Mnesis, and you don't know as

much about Mokolé life as you should — Grandma passed
soon after you went to college. The one thing that you do
know is that each and every one of Dragon's Kin is too

precious for drive-bys, crack and gangs to get them.

Equipment: Dragon crystal, credentials, cellphone,

van, apartment with spare bedroom.

2) i Ln
pac Wloxocé yee

Samet Breed: Homid Clutch: b
Player: Stream: Mekolé-mbembe Varna: Halpatee A
Chronicle: Auspice: Warding Concept: Social Worker
: Maile
wearer ee A APE At tributes fi
Physical Social Mental

ee @OOO  Charisina eee
ee OOO Mampulation. ab HEOO
MOO APPEATANC Ci aM MMOD Wn

rn A ROO
wee MOOD
gen ROO

Pan

Stamina,

Talents Skills ____ Knowledges 4

i I OCHIY

Aqwny cain POOC  Aramal Res OOO
Athletics ccc eo0000 | Drve ove BOHOL
Brat een #0000 Enguetre oo OOd0O
Drahee cee QOO0Q = Firearms ond la meen OOOT
Empathy MOO Leadership @OOO | Lir lt OVO
Espressin. OOOO Melee all OOOO
Iacmadartong, OOOO | Perfoemance arererere)
Prmal- Ore @oooo cece OOO
eee @0000
sobtertinge ae MOOOLD secre EMILY

Backgrounds Gilts Gifts
Allies eoooo = Falling Touch a _
Contacts.....eeooo Mother's Touch a
Mnesis woooo Talk
e000
OUCH

al Sth ious
Renown Rage Health
th
Glory @eeeeo000000 Browsed
—— =, 44 Hurt

oe Es be Re he ee ee ee Be) Injured
ee C]NO S| Senor Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitared

MI Wise

SO eVeeeeno000a
sasausadg4ag4u4

—-- Willpower ——

date te
eccooer

~e

Sun Dice ———
+1 die to defend

Wwe

1 —-~ Rank —*— 450390950409
/ a

Mokolé

000000
y t4jJtIIJIII4A ewessse000ne
others, retreat or
follow orders

—

5 ETP I OS IT


Auturnn Sky (Zarad): Rainforest Ethnobotanist

Quote: No — breathe deeply, don't spit it out. Now feel its power. Strong stuff, eh?

Prelude: Your parents died in a massacre in your war-torn nation. You grew up in refugee camps, then at a church
orphanage where the kids were treated like zoo animals. The nuns were mean and the other kids were too, so you read as much
as you could to escape. You learned that the world was a very big place, and that it was as troubled as you were. The botany
texts were useful. Soon you were combing the nearby forests for your collection. Sister Mary got you a place at the
A conservation department, and you began working forawhite scientist who studied your people and their ways, especially their

use of the teacher plants. Soon you knew more than he. You enjoyed the altered states that the plant medicines brought, when
the plants made you a lizard or a dragon.
One night you awoke to find yourself s
came back, stronger than ever-voices long
destiny was.

! You found other Mokolé, but it seemed that they cared for nothing but memory and the

CSIP past. It was so obvious to you that now was the time to act, and that the life and lore of the

rainforests had to be preserved before it vanished into past tense forever.

Concept: You are an indigenous helper to researchers who study the plant lore of the tropics.
Obviously, many are corporate scientists who seek commercially exploitable products, while others
are looking for the thrill of new hallucinogens. You do a lot of traveling and are in demand for
\ trips. No one guesses that Mnesis makes you a perfect guide. In between trips, you are the

Q\ ritemaster for two far-removed clutches, neither of whom has a Zarad of its own.

Roleplaying Notes: You know the local landscape like the back of your claw. You

end up defending humans in word and deed: many of your fellow Mokolé don't see the

potnrorcooperaning wit uate acai! Yormedarasygoingnae coseralagghat

with the pushy, demanding foreign scientists and the stuffy, hidebound crocodiles

ZA back at the wallow. You'd like to find a good Kinfolk mate, but the village men are

lacking somehow. Maybe you'll meet someone on a journey.

Equipment: Khaki shorts, walking shoes, pouch of hallucinogenic plant

specimens, smoking pipe.

till a lizard. You were scared, but the hallucinations
dead, telling you who you truly were and what your

Name: Breed: Homid Clutch: $
Player: Stream: Makara Varna: Makara A
Zz Chronicle: Auspice: Zarad Concept: Rainforest Ethnonotanist
"] aw ee " fll
a Adore
Physical ; Social Mental
Strength, _ #0000  Charisina, #4000 Perception. eee00
Dexterity, #6800) Manipulation.___.@@O00 Inrelligence, eee
Sra 8800 — Appearance #0000) Wits. e880
Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness 00 — #0000 Computer Good
Ariernes 00000 ese 0000 | Engen aa OOOO
Brot. DOOD — Euquette OOOO [svertanon_ aMOOO
nn e0000 — Puearm: eoo00 | Law = OOOO
0000 — Leadership. 000 Lingueties O00
Mean Melee Anne Medicine e8000
OOOO = Perfermance___ 0000 Ckeeult t Terelele)
mac OOOO OOOO Polines @8000
Surette. etererere) @0000 | Rituals e8800
Sub ee Unt panna DOOD @e000  Smenre. #8800
ne at
Backgrounds : Gilts Gifts
ow #eeoo Find Water
Resources.....@eo0o Lambent flame...
Rites oeee0 es
tn et crete OOOO
20000 cnn
A (dt Van
RENOWN -meomme Rage Health
Glory @eeeeo00000 Bruned 2
ooa0000000 aso 43 35 ~s Hert "l
SSaada esas FIFI FFF tures G2
Honor ze G0 $)$ aor Wounded 2 a
COKDOOKCOO00O spee0000000 Maule 2 2 L
J 34g 33 _ _ ~ Crippled 3
F999 95999 9399599955 opm! 3
eee0000000 - Willpower —~ Sun Dice ——
VA JIITIIIAIIAIA evseoeeee0000 +1 die on Stealth or
A 4 Rank-—————- 7759959052035 concealment rolls
asian <a — ——
Night: Lizardskin 115

[PPLE LP, OT ET

J eal a" Wer »
gaies~ PHoxocé yom


a A"

Midnight Sun:

ere,

osameum or
sean" Wfoxocé pyre.

Clutch: $
Varna: Unktehi A
Concept: Triceratops Poet

Jw
Mental

i ( 4 t OP, t Name: Breed: Suchid
ricera ops 0e Player: Stream: Mokolé-mbembe
} Chronicle: Auspice: Shining
Quote: Petals fall, and so do we. But what is Within, we 4 werner eee ed LAA tributes
pass on. secnyin nyse Social
Dextenty.
Prelude: You were hatcheda lizard in the deserts of the Semis ————
+ . werent:
American Southwest. Sun, sand and chomping rats were a bilities
: ; ; ; ping y Talents amma Skills
your world, until one night a gigantic creature began chasing Athi eeo0e Men DT eeeon
. : . .. . ; , Brawl @OOOO = Etigaeue e@0000
you instead. It had two legs and smelled very bad. You fought ails So88 EME 90000
, , ; ch. ahh: To Linpathy. Leadership. 7
madly, and you began to change shape, shifted until you nhs eo7oo en _-0e000

were big as a sand dune and bellowed Rage from your beak,

brandishing horns at the two-legs.

He smiled and laughed. Then he hissed at you, words

Expression___ @@ OO
folererere)

#0000
: 90006
su terfuce wee OOOO

wren ee A Advantages

Pertarmance eee00
R OQ000

Steal

panne os  BOOOO
90000

Survieg

Gifts

‘. . . Back. Os
that you suddenly knew. He was your friend, he said, a Allies ee sooo
shapechanger, descended like you from the lost Kings whose Rites seoco

shape you wore beneath the ten thousands suns of the
midnight desert. He told you the lore and legends of the
Mokolé, and of your own sun sign, the crazy backwards Renoson
Midnight Suns.
You met a lo- Honor
calclutch soon

es

e:
Spirits of Laughter _

Wallow B8O00

soleralele]

se ral tf Sh

Glory
@#ooo0og0o000o0

©000000000
isdom
#o00000000
2 434d 00 4400
4 wenn nts RQNK meme

Rage
eweewnnnvo0
wd dd ed dd
a GOS | Semen
eweeoooo0n
oe be be oe ee be ee be ee
Willpower —tiimnn
eweeoo00na0
ee be ee ee ee ee

CLULUUL

ow 4 -

more fo say.

- a

oO ohe Perce yA
Ma Int ine
a Wits . ove
; Knowledges J :
Computer _ oo0000 :
Ennis @8@OO
Investganion__ 00000 Ee
20000 ‘3
Lats istics @0000
Me 00000 9
OCccute rerelelelel 4
cs we OOOO a
Ritu ___ @@000 r
i oi . AOoO0 4
Gifts ( a :
LL ]
Health :
Pres .
Mart "1 . a
Invvured -t ~ a
Lvs) Incapocitated q
Sun (Dice sia q
+1 die when faced q
with hopeless odds 4
after, and tried walking as a two-legs into the small town 4
nearby. It was too noisy and smelly. Even the "reservation" 7
where human Kin lived was a nasty place. The desert had 4
Concept: In your human shape, you are a drifter who q
lurks about the fringes of a small town. As a Gila monster, '
you are a careful and efficient hunter in an inhospitable 4
environment. As a Mokolé, you are a star watcher, an :
amateur astronomer, a poet and a storyteller. Flowers are
not only beautiful — but they taste pretty good after a 4
day of cropping sage. 1
Roleplaying Notes: You tell tales of q
Mokolé and the Kings to your clutch and :
their Kin, and teach the young ones their |
great heritage. You mix Mnesis and your q
own imagination. After all, if you make it
if} up, it's still a Mokolé tale, isn't it? If they 1
can tell what's true and what's false, they'll ;
have learned to think for themselves. :
You are peaceful and quiet most of the time,
sunning, hunting, grazing, and watching the Many
Suns. When roused to action, you're a hard hitter
but a little slow.
Equipment: Sunny rock outcrop, burrow, bunch of
flowers, human clothes (cached in burrow), neck-
lace of native beads.


a AA"

Summer Sky:
Seeker of Mnesis Lore

Quote: You talk like Kasyapa. Who was he? King over the
land, a thousand and some years back. What do you mean, how
do I know?

Prelude: You were hatched a crocodile on the banks of
the Madras River, but even as a hatchling, you knew more
than you should have. Your sunny naps were filled with
dreams wherein you walked like a man and wieldeda golden
spear, or quested across jungles and stormy mountains in the
shape of a great dragon warrior. When the Change came,
you were more than ready. Your clutch gathered round you
and listened enraptured to the tale of your Mnesis vision.
The elders consecrated' you a Wanderer. Then you set to
work at your great task: reuniting the Mokolé of the world
though Mnesis.

Concept: You know how much the
Mokolé know and how much they have
lost. You wander from clutch to clutch,
or from clutch to rumors of a clutch,
seeking to find all the Mokolé remaining
onthe Mother's Face and learn Mnesis lore
from any and all. There is no stick hard enough
to drive you away when you can learn something
(though many have tried). When you can, you teach
what you have learned.
When you cannot,

f

"= Y ne
Name: Breed: Suchid
Player: Stream: Makara
Chronicle: Auspice: Grisma

ANS

Physical
Strength__ @@000
Dexteniey _._ 00880

Sram.

eeee0

wreerrmerrtamn a LSB Abilities

Talents
88600
@8e@00
#0000
#8000
80000
@0000

Avertness
Athletics
Brawl
Dedee_
Empathy
Expression,
Intumidatic felelelele)
90000
pulereleles
--—. #8000

Primal
Streetw ne,

Subterfuge

wrcerreer ece SA Advantages

Backgrounds
e8e00

Santacts RRRO

a Z
Whoxocé youd,

Clutch:
Varna: Karna

Concept: Seeker of MnesisLore

hall

Social

_—___ 98800
eeece
Appearance @e@000

Charisine
Macapulation.

Mental
Perception, @@000
late'ligence, @@e000
Wits, @e@000

i

Animal Ken,
Drive,
Etiquette,
Firearms

@0000
OOO0CO
OO0000
00000

a

Knowledges
Compucer__. 90000
Enigmas e@000
Investigation, @@000
Law. 00000

@0000
00000
@8000
80000
88000
#6000

Leadership,
Melee,
Performance.
Repaur.
Seealth__
Survival

Linguistics 98800
Medicine. 00000
Oceule
Policies
Racuals,

00000
@0000
#0000

Science. 00000

Gifts
Pilat Snoke

(a:
Gifts

Mnesis @8000

COOOO

OOOO

al tf harm

Si

Health

"Rage
@e00000000
BI909099009

aca CGY10S | $m

een e000000
Ss es ee ee ee es a
"Willpower —#ése
eeeeeeooon
AIO3UIIDO3GII3

Bruised

Hare

Inqured
Wounded
Mauled
Crppled
Incapacitated

ete i
BULUUUL

~ Gun (Dice —ertinme
+1 die when

acting collectively

to benefit Mokolé

|

ao La

ee al

rians would kill to get hold of your journal.

them, they never find out. Youare insatiably curious and are
sometimes reproached for acting like the Proudest Monkey.

You have Allies and Contacts in many wallows round

the world, who help you get from
» place to place when you can't
walk (in human form) or swim

(as a crocodile). You take

‘\ messages, parcels, and greet-

‘\ ings from wallow to wal-
low, do people favors and

help get things under con-

trol. Many clutches lack a

languages, and lunch.

Gathering and ask you to
stay. Maybe someday...
Equipment: Sandals,
Dedicated backpack with
enormous notebook written
in your variant of the Dragon's
Mangus laitass.in siy differant

a
Skills J
you remember it. You have even learned the two-legs'
writing to store your knowledge: anthropologists and histo-
Roleplaying Notes: Youare cheerful, friendly, and easy
to get to know. People of all species like you. If you don't like |


Eclipse? Sun:
Native-rights Guerrilla

Quote: Land and liberty! (rattle of machine-gun fire)
Prelude: You were born to Kinfolk parents, a chief
among The People and her husband. You'd be a chief too
someday, they said. But the tall strangers had taken your
people's land, killed the animals, cut down the trees and
flowers. Your people worked for the new masters, drank
liquor, or did nothing at all.
The old men had
their eyes on you,
though, and one day
when you were tall
enough to work, they
told you that you were
more than you knew.
Born as the corona
flickered amidst the
noonday stars, you were des-
tined for greatness, the first
Dragon Chief that The People
had seen in a hundred years.
Then the Ancestors within
(@ you showed you how to take
NX the Dragon shape and wield
} the Gifts of Sun.
The "landlord"
came after that and
evicted The People,
told them the land
had metal on it, so it
wasn't yours. When
your mother led a
Py protest, she was
jailed and beaten
to death. Survi-
vors fled
the vil-
lage and
the only
home
they'd

ever known. Huddled in slums and refugee camps, The
People needed a hero.

That's you.

Concept: You are the leader of a native-rights guerrilla
movement. Despite your youth, you have scored several
coups on the landlords who made your tribe homeless:
maybe the courts and the judges will listen. If they don't,
they can argue with Dragon's Fire. Leading your team of Kin,
you have brought justice to the men who killed your mother.
Now it's the landlord's turn.

Your tribe of Kinfolk relies on you and almost worships
you; you have two lovers among the Kinfolk and would like
to have achild when the time is right. You worry about what
would happen to them if you weren't there. It may be time
to seek allies in this struggle.

Roleplaying Notes: You are a Crowning, tough, conti-
dent, and beloved by The People. That and 75 bhat will get
you a cup of coffee. You want a peaceful solution to the
problems you face, but no one seems to care. You are a king,
but your kingdom isa few thousand people in a shantytown,
and things aren't getting much better. Despite being an
Eclipsed Sun, you are going to have to play some serious
politics, and fast.

You are a good fighter, but all of your actions have been
against humans. If other Awakened beings oppose you, you
won't stand long. Your Archid form is ideal for jungle
warfare, but you are the only Mokolé you know. There must
be others, and they might be friendly.

Equipment: AK-47, fatigues, explosives, binoculars,
jungle knife.

eae Wfoxoré pend,

Name: Breed: Homid Clutch: | %
Player: Stream: Mokolé-mbembe Varna: Syrta A
Sheaniake chusprier Cyanine LOnrcegent s Nirtieanyrh sechier rill f
. Oo at.
/ Physical Social Mental
Sete gt anneal @eeRc Pere PTO mannan ee000
Dexterity... eeeno Fmtelligence IOC
2 eaeo0 san Wits cen MMOD
tha, Aritics
Talents Skills Knowledges J
AVS ene OOOO — Animal Ren COoG Computer OAD
10 (22 @O000 0 Drive @eeouo — Enigmas. ferererere)
Brant Etiquette ve OOO — Lavesniyarion OO OUO
Frrearm gl MOQ Lane "a aa HOODY
LOO — Leadership aeeno | t Telerels)
aM GOQOQ Melee 40000 eeO00
eG OOO Pertortinanee OOOO OOaoo

Panal'Y tye, OOOO Kepanr cova mamma OOO POLIT BOUL
SUCCES ere GOO — Stealth, @@000 Rita poawe
Subtertuge. 9OCCO — Survival @e000 Science 80000
wereervmmrs sae el Zt Advantages aot L

Backgrounds Gifts Gilts (
Kinfolk. |. @eeoo | en
Mnesis eeooo Bellow

QOOLO
OOOO an tae teat
rele lelare] aoe ween ee

Renown Rage Health
Glory eee 08800000 Prine a
e000000000 ~ (8 ie, a Hatt 13
aasgga5444 Injured 14
2 GOS $m Wounded 2 3
Minted a)
@eeecovo00 gi. 3 y
os ee es ee ne ee ee Incapaciteted 4

Sun Dice —<——
+1 die to anply
anywhere Sun shines

—- Willpower ——
PPPAA NIN IIS
SIIVIIQ ads

—P


a OA"

Famous Mokolé

Sal-Afsan, Far-Seer, Concealing
the Clutch of the Land's Heart

The Kings ruled for endless ages, their ideas and beliefs
changing as slowly as the continents drifted. Afsan was
different. A bright young reptile, he hatched under a cloudy
sky and was therefore assumed to be a mystic by his Gaia-
worshipping clutch. He showed promise at counting the stars
and was set to be trained as a sky-watcher. During a long sea
trip, he observed the celestial bodies closely and devised anew
device to make them appear more clearly — the "far-seer" or
telescope. With this instrument, he concocted the idea that
the planets circled the sun, rather than Gaia. He was accused
of heresy by Gaia-worshippers and the Noonday Suns gave
true meaning to his sun auspice —- Afsan was blinded in
punishment. The evidence for his theory became impossible
to ignore, however, and within his lifetime he was vindicated.
Afsan was single-handedly responsible for knowledge of the
structure of the Solar System among Mokolé. He had eight
Mokol€ children, two of whom became noted scholars. His
instrument, the "far-seer," became standard equipment until
the WonderWork. Tragically, although the Mokolé still
remember the story of Sal-Afsan, the humans had to learn the
same lesson all over again.

Joy-Hunter, Striking For
the Clutch Of Che Golden Beaches

The Kings loved the climate of what would someday be
the American Southeast. One of their cities was The Golden
Beaches, located in today's Florida. Joy-Hunter was hatched
in the middle Cretaceous. Her mother was a powerful
Crowning and her Kinfolk father a soldier. She was famous
even in fer time ror fer rearless pursuit or ulargerous art
mals, of whom the Cretaceous had plenty. Her Archid form
was a raptor, but she loved to hunt in Drachid form, carrying
weapons of her own creation, relishing the challenge. She
even hunted the new creatures, mammals, as they were pests
in the Kings' cities.

jlynhhintan lal sener clutches af ages oof which
contained true Mokolé, and many living Mokolé carry her
Mnesis. The Shining Wave-Without-A-Shore jokes that
he regrets that Joy-Hunter did not kill any more mammals

than she did.

"ey

\ et


a JA

Morwangu

Morwangu was born after the Great War, when the
Dreamtime shook to the death screams of the Bunyip and the
lands of the Dead convulsed with a war of their own. Clouds
darkened the sky as the greatstorm poured rain on the land. His A
legal name was Abraham Miller, but to the Alligator River Mob
he was Morwangu. Ulungan (Amhem Land) was his home, in
the dryland of Australia's north coast. The old women, who
recognized the signs, knew soon enough that he was Gumagan.

At his man-making, he received the sacred scars and entered the
dreaming, where he took the shape ofacrested, beaked Dreamtime
beast and walked with Perenty Man under the moon.

Morwangu showed that he was much more than a
shapeshifter. He spent many years sitting with the old men of
Ulungan's mobs, sifting through tales and dreamings to recon-
struct lore that white invaders had hoped was lost forever. His
powerful Mnesis enabled him to reach back to a time before
whitefellacame, but always one memory eluded him — the fate
of Wolaru and the clutch of Scales of Many Colors. He sought
among one corroborree after another for some clue to her fate.

In the process, he became a master of Koori rites and lore. He
even went so far as to seek the Bunyip, but they were long gone.

Morwangu realized when he heard of the War of Tears
that the Garou would slaughter the Gumagan if they found
them, and so cast powerful magics to prevent this. His work
has so confused the Garou that several have met Morwangu
without knowing that he was anything but an old Koori.

Uncle Monday the Great
Alligator Conjure Man of the Everglades,
Concealing the Clutch of the River of Grass

The Seminoles, descendants of Muskogee Indians who
had fled into the Florida swamps, welcomed runaway slaves
into their midst. Uncle Monday, named for the day of his birth,
wasan African-born Mokolé who had gone across the ocean to
protecthis people. When the United States government forced
the "Treaty" of Payne's Landing on the Seminoles in 1835, the
Kinfolk chief Osceola led resistance, aided by the Garou

Micanopy of the Uktena and Jumper of the Wendigo. They led
Major Francis Dade's forces into the Everglades, although the
white man's Dissolver-weapons killed many of the Seminoles.
When the Garou had cut off Dade's retreat, Uncle Monday
shapeshifted into a huge alligator and called hundreds of scaly
Kin to his aid. Of Dade's 108-man detachment only one man
was allowed to return. Uncle Monday was a homid Rising Sun
from the Clutch of the Congo, and bore the scars of the Congo
nation. He andhisfellow Mokolé, sometimes allied with Garou
in this time of need, held off the federal troops until 1842, when
the government called off the removal effort. His clutch, the
River of Grass, still holds an ancient wallow site in the depths
of the swamps. Uncle Monday himself entered the Sleep of the
OY Dragon long ago, and the River of Grass claims that they know

how to wake him should he be needed.

120
Az am Gna seme

aren somaaesiy


tye

Morwangu was in his fifties when his daughter had a
true Mokolé son, Jeffrey Miller, or "Jeffo." He took the boy
in hand, but soon realized that Jeffo took nothing seriously
at all. Jeffo held that the Koori had better laugh or they
would do nothing but cry.

Morwangu and Jeffo realized when a Wanderer brought
news of the Amazon War that the war could bring peace
between Garou and Mokolé — or at least, that was Jeffo's
typical backward reasoning. Sun led Peter to them and them
to Peter and Peter's remarkable education was the result.

Hei Lungren, Cung Chun
of the Clutch of Seven Pearls

Chinese alligator suchids are thoughtful creatures; the
near extinction of their varna has made them reluctant
soldiers and deep thinkers. Hei Lungren hatched in an
alligator nest along the Yangtze basin and immediately
began fighting for her life — early on, a quick snap con-
vinced a "collector" this specimen wasn't worth the trouble.
She grew to maturity hunting in the river's mud and keeping
out of sight: the warlords' era was unsafe for anyone.

Her First Change came during World War II, when the
nearby village was massacred by Kuomintang soldiers and the
few survivors hid in the swamps. Hearing their prayers to the

yy Great Mother, Hei Lungren went into a Mnesis trance and

emerged as a horned, crested dragon who guided the peas-
ants to safety in a hidden valley that she remembered from

Az am Gna ee

go-betweens of the Mokolé. Sun's Hand is remarkable even

ages ago. When Mao became an even more tyrannical ruler,
she sought a nearby clutch, at the Spring of Seven Pearls, and
with the help of clever Kin, had the entire area organized as
a commune with Kinfolk for members. Her Mnesis of ancient
Zhong Guo was a tactical advantage as she battled Kuei-jin,
technomages intent on draining the dragon nest of'cht, ana!
the Rage-demons who fattened on violence and fear. The
Kuei-jin, who fed endlessly on corpses from the death camps
and grew mighty, were a terrible menace. She remains ex-
tremely intolerant of any vampites today and' tie mere
mention of the undead can send her into killing rage.

At the death of Mao she entered the Sleep of the Dragon
and didnot wake until a few years ago, preferring to leave clutch
business to the Kin and the other dragons of the clutch. The
recent menace posed by dams to the Yangtze's natural energy
flows was a serious enough problem for her Kin to wake her.

In her human form she is a small, fortyish woman with
her hair in a bun and traditional peasant blouse and pants.
In her alligator form she is also small, but agile and quick. In
her Archid form she isa huge chi'lung with a royal crest, long
claws, anda fiery, blazing pearl on her forehead. She some-
times wanders Asia, and might be found fighting evil crea-
tures, seeking justice for her people, or exploring long-
forgotten mountain trails and swamp passages.

Sun's Hand Grisma of the Citak of Karpar

The Makara are the Stream of the Folk, the diplomats and

SX *


among his own people for his energy and successful maneuver-
ing in the complex field of human-Makara interactions.

Hatched to a Gharial clutch near Kanpur, India, Sun's
Hand saw the swamp vanish as the two-legs drained more
and more for their beanfields. The elders of the clutch knew
early on that he would be a forceful leader when they saw
him lurking to scare away villagers, then slip off before
retaliation could arrive. On the day of his Change, he
assumed the form ofa great three-headed Sun-lizard, a living
embodiment of the Makara of legend. His Mnesis was not
strong, but his wish for justice was. His human form, in
which he entered the nearby villages as a holy beggar or
sadhu, served well as he gathered information about who and
what was really behind the despoiling of his land. Memos on
the desk of the mayor proved that Magadon wanted the land
for a drug manufacturing plant, and planned to stage an
"accident" that would render the land valueless. Sun's Hand
vowed to bring justice to them.

He has worked with human and gavial as well as the
Dragon Breed and his methods have been as subrle as
distributing comic books to the village children (the hero
was a brave gavial) and as blatant as extorting money from
the crooked mayor to buy land for a "gavial breeding farm"
which has become a showpiece for ecodiversity proponents.

Now in his sixties, Sun's Hand is referred to as "Crown-
ing" by Mokolé-mbembe, even though he is nothing of the
kind. He is one of the most prestigious Judges in all India,
and petitioners come to him from the many clutches of the
land. In his gavial form, he is a large, very old Gharial with
a prominent red lump on his snout. In his Archid form, he
has three heads, scaly armor and huge, tearing claws. This
battle-form has allowed him to thwart fomor "enforcers"
and gangs of Magadon thugs who still seek to wrest his home
from him. His human form is an elderly, bearded man,
usually in loincloth and begging bowl, who "wanders,"
listening to people's talk and occasionally offering oracles or
preaching a sermon. He uses the name Vijay Suryadatti
when in human form.

Sun's Hand has sought alliances with other clutches
and streams, although in the present they are more and more
difficult to locate. He recently contacted Towers-Above-
The-Kings and learned of their troubles. He has offered
them refuge on his land, but they are unable to travel so far.

Braney, Shining without a clutch

I love you

You love me
Lars peta MRaly .

—~ Braney

For the past several years, an immensely popularchildren's
TV show created by two Texas "housewives" has aired on
OrmniTV, Pentex's mega-television network. The show fea-
tures a cheerful crowd of children abandoned at a daycare
child-barn, who are endlessly entertained by a happy purple
dinosaur. Movies, ice shows, and a large line of toys and

Vy

12

eee

clothing perpetuate this character, "Braney," owned by Tygers
Group, one of Pentex's smallest and least-known subsidiaries.

Braney is actually Deep Purple Dark, a No-Sun Mokole
raised on a Louisiana gator farm. His search for power led
him to the Atrocity Realm, where he operates a torture pit.
Child-spirits are lured into the realm and burned, raped,
flayed and eventually eaten by the devil-dinosaur. Pentex's
Black Spiral camera crews tape the scenes and draw up
scripts for the TV show, in which Braney appears to be a
harmless toy who comes to "life." However, tapes of the
Atrocity Realm sessions are hot items at the very highest-
level Pentex corporate parties; Benjamin Rushing has per-
sonally approved funding for the show for so long as the
"creative muse" remains with its star.

A few homid Mokolé have become aware of Braney's
hideous actions and want to do something about him, but
they aren't sure what. Access to the Atrocity Realm isn't
easy, and simply killing this creature would probably not
stop the demand for the tapes —- Pentex could well find
another star and another venue, one that would be better-
hidden next time. The real solution may be more difficult.

Sister Rae, Bearing the Clutch
of the River of Grass

Kinfolk are accorded honor among the Mokaldé, but
rarely is there anyone as extraordinary as Sister Rae. Burn to

the human Kin who dwell in the Everglades near the River of
Grass wallow, she chose See-How-He-Shines, the clutch's
Rising Sun, as her mate and bore him two children, one a true
Mokolé. She then developed True Faith in Sun, which she
expressed in music, and several years ago left the clutch to
found the Church of the New Sun ina storefront in Tallahas-
see. The Church has spread, with revivals and prayer concerts
featuring Sister and the gospel choir, whose CDs have be-
come popular among a small circle of admirers. She preaches
that God's love is for all, and her faith has taken her to the
sinister byways of the World of Darkness — she even hopes
to someday find one of the mythical "vampire clubs" and sing
there, to urge the dead that Sun shines for them. Elders have
warned Sister Rae and even forbidden her to preach to other
Awakened, but her outreach has made connections in many
strange places, and a motley crowd of Awakened show up for
her concerts and church services, drawn by her compelling
preaching style and beautiful music.

Suchids and Their Kind

Waving Flags finished piling soil on the tall flowers that were
her namesake and slid her long body back into the water. Sun was
hot this day, and a swim was in order. Refreshed, she headed
downriver to where the two-legs came to play. She knew the Law:
leave them alone when other meat was ready to her jaws. But a
fool could be culled. She puzzled how the two-legs themselves
didn't seem to know this.

Not much meat on a two-legs hatchling anyway.

Waving Flags tasted the change before she saw it. The pond
was gone, with a stone hill instead, a two-legs' burrow. Bitter oil
tainted the water. She saw two-legs running a metal thing that
killed trees and tore the earth. The gator headed back to the
wallow. The Wise needed waking. Trouble was on its way.

Alligators, crocodiles, and monitor lizards are fascinat-
ing creatures, much more intelligent than humans suspect,
and as close as any of us can get to seeing the dinosaurs.
Roleplaying a reptile can be a wonderful exercise in imagi-
nation. The following information can help. The details
here concern crocodilians and monitor lizards, the two
largest groups. Mnesis records other kinds of Mokolé, but
none are known to have lived through the Wars of Rage.
There are no Mokolé still alive whose Suchid forms are
turtles or small lizards; such bloodlines did not survive in the
extermination attacks of the egg-smashers.

Alligators and Crocodiles

The World of Darkness has twenty-three species of croco-
dilians and one species of wolf. The Mokolé varna are thus
extremely diverse, even before including the monitors and Gilas.

An adult American alligator is up to 19 feet long, living
in watercourses in the South. They feed on fish, mammals
and birds and nest on the banks. They also dig waterholes
deeper and pile up earth, triggering the growth of "alligator
flags," a flowering grass. This is how a wallow is created; it's

Night: Lizardskin

an essential skill for suchids. Alligators are slow-moving, but
capable of sudden bursts of speed. They are ambush hunters,
lurking to take prey by surprise. Hunting is usually by taste
and smell, rather than sight. Gators can dive and swim
underwater for up to one hour. They pass winter hibernating
in burrows or shelters, and cannot tolerate freezing weather.

The number of alligators in any given watercourse
varies, but up to 75 can live ina five-mile stream. In any area,
one adult will dominate all the others, although there is not
a complex hierarchy. Alligators are not strongly territorial,
but will defend themselves if threatened. Mating is once a
year in April-May and eggs are laid in June. Courtship is
highly elaborate among ordinary gators; it's doubly so be-
tween suchids and their Kin. Eggs are laid every 2-4 years
among older alligators. The mother lays 20-70 eggs in a nest
near water. She watches them carefully for the nine weeks
that they incubate and packs vegetation round them to
warm them; this instinct is what led to the creation of the
Rite of the Nesting Mound. If the eggs are not kept warm,
they can still hatch, but will take until September or
October to do so. The entire wallow guards them, but the
mother stands over the nest personally and guards the
hatchlings as well; older gators think nothing of breakfast-
ing on a hatchling. Hatchlings are nine inches long and
have sharp teeth. They are able to breed when five years old.
Small alligators (smaller than humans) can climb trees and
even sleep there. An eight-year-old can be up to 8' long and
is fully mature, although growth can continue for many
more years. The American alligator was threatened earlier
in the twentieth century, but has been protected for some
time thanks to lobbying by Kinfolk. Alligator farms oper-
ated by Kin and Homids have been a key step in this process,
and true Mokolé are born there.

The Chinese alligator (Lung) is similar, although
smaller. This animal inhabits the Yangtze river basin in
Anhwei and Kiangsi Provinces and is unknown elsewhere.
Few grow to more than 5' in length, although ancient Zhong
Lung were 10' or more long. Like the American alligator, it
feeds on fish, turtles and mammal prey and digs dens in
riverbanks. It is almost extinct, leading to fear among the
Zhong Lung of China that they will "lose the dragon" and no
longer be able to shapeshift.

South Florida and the Caribbean are home to the rare
American crocodile, which is up to 15' in length. It eats
mammal and fish prey. This creature lives on seacoasts and
will dig out depressions for sleeping and shelter. Thirty to
seventy crocodiles can live in one area. Mating is in March,
April and May. Its huge nests are 10-12 feet across and
contain 50-75 eggs which hatch in July and August. The
Orinoco crocodile, found throughout the Orinoco river
basin, is similar, as are the Cuban and Morelet's crocodiles.
The Orinoco crocodile buries its eggs in the sand to avoid
detection, rather than making a nest. The Cuban crocodile,
near extinction, preys on fowl, pigs, and dogs and is very
aggressive. Cuban crocodiles are heavily armored, especially

123

OE PS ET SY

|


on their legs, but are rarely more than 7' long. Though poor
at swimming in the sea, these crocodilians are commonly
carried long distances on rafts of floating vegetation. There-
fore, they have been able to colonize islands and seacoasts
far from their usual range.

The Gumagan whose varna was the Johnston's croco-
dile, a harmless species native to Australian rivers, are now
extinct. This has caused many Garou to believe that the
Gumagan are completely gone, but some do remain. The
New Guinea crocodile is similar to che saltwater crocodile,
but smaller. It reaches a length of 5-9 feet and nests on the
banks of rivers in New Guinea. New Guinea crocodiles are
territorial and are good swimmers. The Mindoro and Thai
crocodiles are similar.

Please note that of the world's crocodilians, only the
American alligator is not endangered. Even the Nile crocodile
of Africa is extinct throughout much of its range, particularly
with the Dissolver's efforts to hunt down Mokolé and Kin.

The Indo-Pacific, or saltwater crocodile, inhabits the

coastal waters of Zhong Guo, westward to India. This

mighty creature is possibly the largest living reptile on Eart
known to grow to a length of 23 fee
pounds. Unconfirmed reports of these
they may grow up to 30 feet, though ce
may be Delirium-fed.cumors. Saltwater ¢ro
habit places as far away as China and M
saltwater crocodile-born Mokolé call thems
after a spirit of the waves. As great r
Mokolé, they are renowned amoti f
bearing memories of lost Paci outsiders.
Inland Makara often seek fitual exchanges of
memories: The coastal Kama: Iso act as a sort of first defense
for the Indian lands against unwanted taint. The Karna see
themselves generally as the Makara meant to follow the
Trimurti of the Creator, known amongst Hindu homids as
Brahma. They know that life came from the sea and consider
themselves its protector. Karna clutches are active in trying
to save marine life and in efforts to eliminate damage to
coastal environments. It is said that the Karna try to coax
the Creator into blessing the earth with new species; they
remember evolution with particular nostalgia. They can
swim 600 miles across the sea, and once wiped out a whole
company of Japanese soldiers during World War Il. They
prey fearlessly on humans who defile the wild. Nests are
large piles of vegetation up to 5 feet wide and contain 25-75
eggs. Hatchlings are known to grow 18-20" per year. Salties
hunt well and cover their prey with stacks of grass to hide it
for later consumption. They sunbathe less than other varna
and are less gregarious. "Buaya," an insulting term, is derived
froma Malay word for the sex-crazed male crocodiles. Today
it means any sex-crazed male, especially a salty.

The true leaders amongst the Mokolé of India are de-
scended from the mugger crocodiles. Indeed, it is from the
Sanskrit "Water Monster" that the mugger's name originates,
reformed as Magar in Hindi from Makara, and changed to

Hindu sects. Th

"mugger" by the English. Of course, the unforgetting Mokolé
of this line still refer to themselves as the Makara. Mugger
suchids and their homid relatives rule the swamps of India.
They have powerful ties to religious sects stemming from ages
spent serving as temple crocodiles. Those who know of their
true nature alternately regard them as demons or avatars of
the gods. The Makara are the kings amongst the Mokolé of
India, masters of mystical secrets and seekers of truth. The
Makara seek to preserve all of India against the Destroyer,
whom they see as the Dissolver-corrupted. The true accom-
plishment of the Makara is found in their relations with
humanity. No other Mokolé have more Kinfolk or more
influence in the mortal realm. From their hidden swamp
wallows, the clutches of the Makara have ensured that India
has absorbed invader after invader and contained them all,
preserving religions and ideas that might have otherwise
perished. They see mankind as a worthy child of the earth-
mother, Jya, and court the monkey-children carefully.

A third suchid breed is fairly common in India, as the
subcontinent is hoje to the gavials. Gavials are crocodilians,
not true crocodiles, They grow to be 21 feet in length and
nouts. The gavials live in India's rivers
uchid breed is found along four rivers
tra, Ganges and Mahamadi Rivers in

selves, are notascombativ In part this isdue

to their weaker jaws. It also cot it perceived roles
as protectors of the sacred rivers ghers of the dead.
Male Gharials are marked by the strange ted fleshy lumps that

are found between their snout nostrils. Indeed it is these lumps
that give them their names, as "ghar" means "pot" in Hindi.
They are reputed to be bear the secrets of fertility and to wield
great respect from Gaia for their role. Gharials are possibly the
only Mokolé in the world amongst which males accorded
such a potent Matre-like position. The Gharials serve the
Dissolver-Uncorrupted, the Trimurti of the Dissolver. This
strange relationship explains their simultaneous connection
with death and sexuality. The great river Ganga is said by the
Hindus to have been sent to the Earth by Shiva, and the
gavials are its rulers. They watch the dead who are reverently
placed in the river, and are said to occasionally Dissolve those
who need to die for the better protection of Jya. An unusual
feature of gavial life is that the animals are right-or left-
handed, just like humans. They nest in sand, laying 20-40 eggs
which hatch in April.

Caimansare alligator-like crocodilians native to Central
and South America. Caimans are 10-13' long at most (many
are very small, only 4-6' long) and feed on fish and mammal
prey. Some will eat plant foods when they are hungry or ill.
They are shy and do not group into wallows easily: many live
alone. Often they hunt by night and sleep by day. There are

124 Mokolé

OAL PS ET LT iin //,

wae


several species, the mostcommon being the spectacled caiman.
They nest like American alligators, but lay only 25-30 eggs.
Many caimans have a color-changing ability like that of the
chameleon. Some also have rough, scaly backs. The caiman
Mokolé of South America are very few in number. They are
believed to have only two wallows left in the Orinoco basin.
This varna are the keepers of the land, the knowers of its
secrets and the guardians of the deepest Mnesis. They know
more about the Bird Kings and Pouch Kings than any other
beings on Gaia's face. They are the most devoted parents of
any varna. Females will guard their eggs and hatchlings
communally and carry the young to safety.

Allcrocodilians are meat and fish eaters, but can live on
very little food. Seven crocodiles each weighing 100|bs. can
live on the same amount of food as one 95-lb. wolf. Thus
crocodilians and Mokolé can survive in smaller areas than
running packs of wolves and Garou.

There are fossil remains of many more species of croco-
dilians unlike any extant today, including sea crocodiles
which bore their young alive, duckbilled fish-eaters, gigan-
tic 60" dragon-like crocodiles, land-dwelling runner croco-
diles and many more. The Storyteller may include such
creatures in the game through Mnesis.

Monitor Lizards: The Ora

‘Ho! Ho!" he said. ‘That one a Big One. A Walk One A
Perenty One.'

~~ Bruce Chatwin, The Songlines

Species of monitors are found throughout the tropics of
the Old World, from the Nile eastward to Australia. The
largest species, the Komodo dragon, is a good example. The
Ora, the Komodo dragon varna of Mokolé, are rare, but very
prestigious. Only four clutches of Ora are known to exist.

The Komodo dragon evolved in the Miocene period in
Southeast Asia and is related to the monitor lizards of
Africa, India, and Asia. When Mokolé spread across the
world after the Age of Sleep, Komodo Island became a
center for Mokolé. Komodo dragons are found along with
their Mokolé relatives on the islands of Flores, Padar, Rintja
and Komodo itself. These small island refuges are dry sa-
vanna with patches of forest: the Komodo dragon is the
largest predator, as lions are in Africa. They grow up to 12
teet long, weighing 550 lbs, and live on land eating deer,
buffalo, and other game. Humans are not eaten unless they
provoke the dragons or break the Duties. They are ambush
hunters, striking quickly, and can reduce a 70-1b. animal to
hair and hooves (they eat the bones) in seventeen minutes.
Cooperative hunting is rare, but seems to take place on
occasion. They eat up to 80% of their own body weight in
a single meal. They also eat carrion and can smell a carcass
more than 6 miles away. This adaptation allows them to
survive on small islands. The lizards can go for more than 45
days without eating or drinking. They are the most intelli-
gent reptiles in the world, and have a consistent body

Night: Lizardskin

temperature because of their large mass (they are techni-
cally "cold-blooded" but in fact maintain a uniform tem-
perature). The dragons can dive and swim up to half a mile,
or further when swept by wind and storms from island to
island. They dig burrows for shelter and as hunting blinds
and can dig three feet in an hour. All monitor lizards have
wide fields of vision, over 240°, with the central 60° being
binocular. They see in full color and often hunt by sight.

Komodo dragons mate in June, July and August and
incubate a clutch of up to 28 eggs for eight months. Court-
ship often takes place ata kill site or near a carcass, anda bull
may court a cow for many months before she agrees to mate:
some devoted bulls court throughout the year. To compete
fora female, males may "joust" by walking on their hind legs
(to honor the Kings, the Mokolé say) and wrestling until
one surrenders. Mating is often for many years, even for life.
Eggs are laid once a year at most and some females lay eggs
only once every two or three years. Cows can store seed for
up to one year before laying eggs. The mother lizard does not
care for the young, who eat insects and small animals. Three
ot four males are found for each female. Females are able to
mate at age five or six; Komodo dragons may live for two
decades more. Starting in September, the dragons molt,
shedding skin, and any who have suffered Dissolver-taint
canavail themselves of the Rite of Shedding, which cleanses
them. Usually all Komodo dragons bathe in ponds, streams
or the sea when done molting.

The clutch on Towers-Above-The-Kings, or Komodo
Island, had four :‘Mokolé and several hundred Komodo
relatives. Human Kin, exiled to the island by the sultan of
Bima on Flores in the nineteenth century, number about
five hundred. The early voyages of the Chinese ("Bajini")
brought merchants and sailors to the Sunda Islands, includ-
ing Wanderers from the Yangtze River clutches of Zhong
Lung. They rejoiced to find the Dragon Breed thriving in
this far land. Malesi, the last matriarch of the clutch, was
born at this time and has slept for many centuries.

In 1912 the Komodo Dragon was "discovered" by the
scientists of Europe. Kinfolk on the island made sure that the
"giant lizards" were a worldwide sensation, nixing any at-
tempt to exterminate them, and got the Sultan to declare
that killing a lizard was a sin against Allah. The Komodo
dragon was thus one of the first protected species in the
world. Reports of 23-foot monster reptiles on the island,
starting when two Dutch fishermen saw the Mokolé in
Archid form, were quashed when scientists came and tour-
ists followed. The cash flow kept the Mokolé solvent and
ensured that the island would stay a wild preserve.

The Australian supercontinent, including Tasmania
and New Guinea, was home to many species of the Kings,
ending with the 23-foot lizard Megalania, weighing over 1500
lbs. Perenties, the eight-foot gigantic lace monitors of Austra-
lia, are similar to Komodo dragons and are closely related to
them. An adult perenty can weigh up to 35 lbs. They live in
desert and scrub areas and prey on mammals (including

125

|


kangaroos) and smaller reptiles. These lizards have excellent
color vision and can see a human 1000 feet away. Their
lifespan can be over 20 years. Many are Kin to the Gumagan.
They are excellent diggers and excavate 20-30 foot caverns to
hide from heat and cold. They can also climb trees. Perenties
hibernate from May to August, often with their mates. They
do not like water. Two clutches of perenty Gumagan are
known to exist. Frightened by the War of Tears, their Kin and
allies went to the Australian government and had the moni-
tor lizards protected. It is now illegal to hunt them or remove
the from Australia unless for a legitimate zoo.

Unktehi —
Che Desert Dragons

The Kings in Laurasia left few relics behind, but the
venomous lizard species of the Southwest have persisted for
more than one hundred million years. The native varna of the
American Southwest and Mexico is also the smallest known:
Gila monsters and Mexican beaded lizards. They refer to
themselves as the Unktehi, a name passed to their Kin among
the Native Americans. These animals are up to 3 1/2 ft in
length and live on bird eggs and small mammals, usually
swallowing their prey whole. They are colored and marked in
order to hide in the desert sands. Their venom acts slowly but
is as deadly as cobra venom. Humans usually do not die from
it, but their bite is exceedingly painful. These varna store fat
in their tails and can live for more than a year without food.
They run slowly and can swim only in emergencies. Mating
occurs in summer and eggs come in July or August. The eggs
incubate from one to four months. Gila monsters figure
prominently in local folklore. They are supposed to be able to
control the weather and the cycles of women's' bodies, and
their private parts were at one time eaten as an aphrodisiac.
Only two clutches, one in Mexico and one in Nevada, are
known of these strange Mokolé-mbembe. Unlessa character's
Archid form includes the characteristic "Huge Size," he will
be only as large as his Homid form when in Archid, as the
Suchid forms of the Unktehi are so small.

Antagonists
Mokolé and Vampires

Mokolé hate vampires because they are creatures of
darkness, forever barred from Sun's glory. The Mokolé
greeting "Sun sees you" is never given to a vampire, as Sun's
light destroys them (obvious proof that vampires are forever
damned). Mokolé ferociously attack any Leech, unless forc-
ibly prevented from doing so or forewarned that they are
fatally outmatched. Mokolé know little about vampiric
society, and what they know disgusts them; their belief is
that the only moral action for a vampire is to destroy himself
in the hope of Sun's forgiveness. Most vampires barely know
that the Mokolé exist, save for the Followers of Set, who
know them all too well. When they meet, the result is

126

AOA AL PL ET TR ST TY

Mokolé

catastrophic for the Kindred, as none but the mightiest of
the Damned can stand against the Dragon Breed in combat.

Vampire thralls ("halfdeads") are seen as pathetic, and
may be spared if they do not threaten Mokolé. Any thrall
who is Mokolé Kinfolk will be the target of "rescue" attacks
from her Mokolé relatives, who will not spare life or property
to get her back (willingly or unwillingly). One cell of the
ghoul-sect called the Unmastered was destroyed when Gi-
ant Footsteps, a Mokolé from Bayou Téche, got word that
his sister was at their hideout.

Mokolé cannot be Embraced — Sun prevents this. If a
vampire tries to Embrace a Mokolé, the werecrocodile is
allowed the standard Gnosis roll. The Mokolé may succeed,
in which case she dies and enters the Memory of Gaia. She
may fail, in which case she dies slowly and in great pain. If
she botches, she becomes an Abomination and instantly
enters a berserker frenzy, during which she will likely slay
her "sire" and anyone else nearby, as well as uprooting trees,
leveling buildings and diverting rivers. It's said that Leeches,
on seeing the raging Archid "Abomination," have died the
Final Death from sheer fright. The undead Archid certainly
inspires the Delirium in vampires (Rétschreck checks if
using Vampire: The Masquerade rules; at the Storytellers
option, botching this roll can even inflict damage on the
luckless vampire as Sun enfleshed rages before him). The
frenzy lasts till sunrise, when the Mokolé burns up, releasing
the final shards of her spirit. Should the pseudo-vampire
Mokolé be prevented from rushing into sunlight, she will die
at the next sunset; without Sun, there is no life nor unlife.
Mokolé Kin can be Embraced, but any Kin with Gnosis may
make a Gnosis roll as above to return to Gaia. Should
Mokolé learn that a Kinsman has been Embraced, they will
almost certainly try to destroy him at once, as well as his
"sire" and any other Leeches they see.

The Mokolé who drinks vitae (a vampire's blood),
should roll Gnosis, difficulty 7. For each success, one blood
point is vomited up or lost through explosive diarrhea. The
taste of vitae ensures that no Mokolé will drink it willingly,
although it might be given as an enema or injected. If given
vitae through trickery, a Mokolé might well go into frenzy.
Vomiting and diarrhea continue until all the vitae is gone;
if the Mokolé botches, she will have the vitae in her system
until sunrise, when one point of vitae will disappear. One
more point will disappear with every sunrise. Mokolé can-
not ever learn vampiric Disciplines, other than the auto-
matic one point of Potence that comes with successful
ghouling. In addition, Mokolé may suffer from bad Mnesis
while the vampire-filth spreads through their bodies.

Vampires who know of the Mokolé and have managed
to feed on them usually have no desire to repeat the
experience. Kindred who feed on them will often desire only
to bask in moonlight or may go into torpor. The exception
are the Followers of Set, who preserve tales of the wonderful
elixir that is Mokolé blood. They say that it gives them
"serpent power." The truth of this is unknown.

L


hy

The Haunters of Mnesis
(ream Hunters

Jeffo closed his eyes and imagined Ulungan before whitefella:
grass tall and green with the hills of Dreamtime in the distance, a
scent of smoke as Perenty Mob burned the wattle trees. He would
walkabout into Memory and watch his ancestors work the rite:
they had insights he needed badly. He walked within, in his
ancestor's footsteps. Sun was sinking as he neared the meeting
pool. With surprise he noticed a wallaby drinking. As he came
closer, it rose to meet him. Willing game? The ancestor-hand
lifted a spear. It was wise to take what the spirits offered.

The wallaby grew, impossibly, and hopped toward him with
hand-long claws. It ripped his chest open while he struggled to
raise his arm for a spear cast. He shapeshifted... and so did this
monster, into a pouch-lion. The Gumagan yelled and bit at the
thing, losing blood fast.

Jeffo opened his eyes, gasping, and clutched at his chest. No
rites for him today.

Dream Hunters are memories so compelling that one
place or time within Mnesis cannot hold them. They break
free when recalled and roam the corridors of time and
memory. They are usually hostile to the Mokolé who goes
within, seeking to subdue or possess him.

Rage 8, Willpower 7, Gnosis 5, Power 40

Night: Lizardskin

Charms: Dream Warp*, Possession, Materialize,
Shapeshift (the Dream Hunter can take any shape which
exists in the scene that the Mokolé remembers. For ex-
ample, if the Mokolé was remembering ancient Dahomey, it
could appear as a lion, soldier or messenger).

*Dream Warp — The spirit can pervert a dream it
enters by rolling its Gnosis versus the victim's Willpower.
Only one success is needed, and the Power cost is 1.

Image: The Dream Hunters are shapeshifters and appear
as part of the scene they invade. They are clever and will seem
to be a rock, tree, animal, human —- whatever is necessary.

Background: Dream Hunters migrate from memory to
memory and even from Mokolé to Mokolé. They are appar-
ently immortal and are very hard to kill: it is possible to
destroy them entirely by erasing the memory that they come
from or with certain Rites.

They will try to drive Mokolé out of Mnesis, making
them afraid to go within, so that the Dream Hunters can
control the Memory. They can also possess the Mokolé who
remembers them and control his actions. The Storyteller
should keep in mind that the Dream Hunters are not
Umbral beings, but creatures of pure memory.

Smrtihara (Eaters of Memory)

Skandadasa spread spirit wings and caught a thermal of
dreamfire. The astral winds were cool on his not-body. He

127


strained his eyes to the limit — there it was, the memory of his
ancestor's pilgrimage to the source of the river. If he could only
find it and bring it back to Bhatta Ma, the route would be clear.

With strong wingbeats he soared closer. What was that
shape clinging to the outside of the memory? He could make out
insect legs, a swollen abdomen. He glided near to the memory-
form and the thing raised its head and looked at him. Skandadasa
gasped at the hole it had eaten.

He had to fight it off. He landed on the memory-sphere and
gripped the surface firmly. The Eater of Memory ticked and
clacked toward him. It was a huge creature, and fear gripped him.
He held still as it sniffed. What did a Makara taste like to
something that ate the past?

Pretty good, it seemed! It opened a mouth to bite, and the young
seeker clamped jaws onto its body. Ichor spewed over him, the rot of
time. The two struggled on. Skandadasa worried: even if he could
defeat this thing, what was left of the memory that it had stolen?

Smrtihara are Umbral creatures who roam the Astral
Realm and consume memory, feeding off it. They are cre-
ations of the Wyrm and their original purpose was to prevent
Gaia's mind from cluttering with trivia. But with the corrup-
tion of the Dissolver, they have become vicious predators
who attack Mokolé travelers and the memories they seek.

Rage 10, Willpower 10, Gnosis 8, Power 40

Charms: Airt Sense, Reform, Incite Frenzy, Eat Mnesis*

* Eat Mnesis — The Smrtihara can bite into a memory;
its current Gnosis is opposed to the Gnosis of the Mokolé
who guards the memory, or they may engage in combat
directly in the Umbra. The Smrtihara must accumulate as
many successes as the level of Mnesis of the memory in order
to devour it entirely. For each level of Mnesis it eats, it gains
a corresponding number of Power points.

Image: The Smrtihara look like huge tomato horn-
worms or potato-bug larvae, with insect legs, arthropod jaws
and mandibles, and big compound eyes. They are colored
weird shades of neon green and blaze orange with black spots
along their flanks. To travel in the astral "sky" they wriggle
like swimming worms.

Background: The Dissolver-Uncorrupted whelped the
Eaters of Memory as janitors for Gaia's Mind, erasing un-
needed memories to prevent madness. They fell with their
maker and became menaces to the Memory. They roam the
High Umbra doing damage and looking for trouble. They
have no social organization and will gladly eat each other:
when one reaches twice the Power listed above, it splits into
two smaller Eaters of Memory. They seek out travelers with
lots of memories and try to kill and eat them. They are
unintelligent but have all the knowledge from the memories

that they have eaten: for example, they certainly know what
Mokolé are.

Pratigata: the Vanished Memories

Skandadasa held his not-breath, fearing to disturb the weird
creature. How did you say hello to a forgotten dream? He decided
to be bold.

"Namaste, svi Pratigata. 1am Skandadasa Carvies-the Sign."

"Oh? Tam...lam... 1 forget." The ancient was. thin thing, the
stars and gas sheets of the Astral Realm visible through its form. Its
crestand scales bespoke the Time of the Kings. "It has been too long."

"Revered one, could you be the Sutra of Dragon's Eye? I
have searched long for you."

"The... what?"

"The Sutra of Dragon's Eye, revered one. For long the Makara
of Ganga thought you lost. You are the greatest of wisdoms."

"I do not feel very wise."

"You are that sutra!"

"If you say so. I am tired."

The Pratigata are the lost memories: many Mokolé
spend years or centuries on Mnesis and Umbral quests to
find them and the teaching that they contain. The Pratigata
are quixotic, alien and often more trouble than they are
worth. But the hope of finding treasure in the wrecks of time
lures Mokolé to this day.

Rage 2, Willpower 4, Gnosis 5, Power 5

Image: An ancient Mokolé whose form is hard to see.
Usually they will appear as someone who might remember
the memory which the seeker is looking for.

Background: The Pratigata are wraiths: the Restless
Dead of memory. They originate when the last holder of
Mnesis dies or when a memory is forgotten or erased. They
are usually unaware of their own role or importance and
appear and disappear at random. They often refuse to
cooperate with a seeker and are capricious and unpredict-
able —notunlike a demented old professor with Alzheimer's.

feo laying Notes
for the nd

The married woman hunts the kangaroo and wallaby
The emu runs in the forest
The boomer runs in the forest...
The dog-faced opossum [runs in the forest]
— Fanny Cochrane Smith, Tasmanian aborigine

The Kings

The Storyteller must create the world of the Kings for
himself, based on maps of the world in the Mesozoic. The
Kings were an intelligent toolmaker species, or group of
similar species, who flourished in the Jurassic and Creta-
ceous periods. They were Kin to the Mokolé. They had
humanlike technology, the level of which varied according
to the place and time (most typically Bronze Age or the
equivalent). The information given below is for the cities of
Laurasia's coast in the middle Cretaceous.

Attitudes toward Mokolé varied in the Mesozoic: in
some cities, they were rulers, priests and soon; at other times
and places, they were shunned as dangerous creatures by all

128 Mokolé

EP Ts Ta nile //


but their own Kin. However, the Dragon Breed lived out in
the open; there was no need to hide during this time.

Mokolé in this era have three forms: Suchid, Archid,
and Drachid.

¢ Suchid: The Suchid form is a crocodilian or monitor
lizard. Statistics are the same as for the modern period.

¢ Archid: Use the list of Archid form characteristics. The
result will usually be more dinosaur-like than dragon-like. The
Rite of Passage is the same and so are character attributes.

» Drohid Mhe Dawid fan mseamble o china!
dinosaur with opposable thumbs and a large brain. This was
also the form of the Drachid Kin: statistics are below.

Character creation for the Kinfolk is similar to that for
humans, although some Skills and Knowledges will be differ-
ent. The following assumes a low technological level, but of
course, higher technologies are possible. The Kings did not
usually wear clothes but would protect themselves from the
cold. Their society was hierarchical, even in their equivalent
of the Stone Age, and rank was as important to thems to the
true Mokolé (assume that characters start at Rank 1). Their
tools and weapons were often "grown" by living creatures
instead of being "made" from stones, etc. For example, vats of
algae were kept which could secrete gold or iron from seawa-
ter. The algae could then be burnt to extract the metal. Living
creatures were bred which could serve as tools. For example,
a soft, warm-blooded creature would be kept as a cloak.

=

Attributes 8/6/3, Abilities 21/12/7, Backgrounds 6,
Willpower 5

Suggested Attributes: Assume ratings of 2, with physi-
cal being 3 or 4 for hunters and warriors, social 3 or 4 for
traders/rulers and mental 3 or 4 for scholars.

Suggested Abilities: Alertness, Athletics, Brawl, Dodge,
Melee, Thrown Weapons, Leadership, Stealth, Expression,
Primal-Urge, Survival, Enigmas, Medicine, Rituals.

Equipment: Spear, bow and arrows, tool pouch, me-
dicinal herhs warm cloak, ceremonial headdress. dewices.

There is no Gauntlet in this time; the worlds of spirit
and flesh are one. The Delirium and the Veil do not exist

(Disclaimer

Some among you might be offended by the very
thought of a pre-human civilization, particularly one
that left no artifacts behind, Wonder Work or no. Well,
there's.a very simple solution to this: Ignore the idea.

Yes, that's right. ‘gnore the idea. -

After all, you can easily presume that Mnesis has
been corrupted, potentially by the WonderWork, and

that there was never any such era. You can even ignore
wef ace to the Time of the Kings, and simply say that

Night: Lizardskin

we


unless they are inventions of the Dissolver or Designer. bird with Mnesis, and the book could be a chronicle all by
Dinosaurs are very common, of course. The Dissolverseems _ itself. The Bird Kings and the Pouch Kings present many
to have become deranged in the Cretaceous, leading tothe _ possibilities for adventure: they could search through Mnesis
WonderWork. The extent of this isn't clear, but the Story _ for the lore of the dinosaurs, investigate ruined cities and
teller may create monstrous Dissolver-things as she sees fit. lost Dissolver-hives, and travel through the realms of the

Umbra, which was a very different place in the early Ceno-

AS l r M) Ki ngs ano Pouch Ki ngs zoic. The Pouch Kings and Bird Kings present the Story-

teller with the theme of "possible worlds." If the southern

The Kings failed, but they did notdie. The WonderWork continents' marsupials instead of the North's placentals had
killed the dinosaurs, but enough reptile Kin remained that ended up prevailing when the continents collided, what
Mokolé could survive. But alligators and crocodiles weren't would our world be like today? What about a world in which
the only heirs of the Dinosaur Kings. AsoldGondwanaland ass extinctions never happened, or where the other phyla

broke up (broken-hearted at the WonderWork, sages say), (bizarre creatures) developed sentience? Would Gaia be the
Upon her fragments lived the Bird Kings and the Pouch "great mother" to a world of intelligent trilobites? The
Kings. The Bird Kings, giant flightless strutters and hunters, imaginable consequences are summed up in Stephen Jay

strode the plains and savannas of the southern continents Gould's Wonderful Life.
like the dinosaurs that they had been; the marsupials ruled
Bandaiyan and Ambalosokei (Australia and South America)
without challenge. Birds and marsupials are warm-blooded,
of course, but their close relationship to reptiles means that
the Mokolé counted Diatryma(the great running hunter-
bird) and Thylacoleo (a marsupial "lion") as Kin. The last of
these great lineages live on into our own time, and Mokolé
all round the Indian Ocean sing the Adventures of The Last Cimes

Greatpouch and the Song of the Dodo to this day.

Something like the reign of the Bird Kings is portrayed A chronicle set in the Last Times could be very inter-
in Piers Anthony's novel Orn. Om isa Mokolé-likesentient esting. The Garou and Mokolé could fight side by side

In the World of Darkness, possibilities multiply, divide
and converge. The Umbra contains memories and frag-
ments of these un-places, and a visit to such a tiny realm
would be very interesting. The Mokolé Shrouded Suns have y
often sought for another realm ruled by the Kings, and some
claim to have been there.

Mokolé


against Dissolver creatures, explore new lands, probe the
depths of Mnesis, or travel in the Umbra. Characters could
be Mokolé, humans, or other Changing Breeds, including
the lost Grondr and Camazotz (for whom the Storyteller
must invent rules). The Gauntlet would be almost nonexist-
ent: 2 or 3, most likely. There would be no Innocents,
making travel in the Umbra easy. High Mnesis and Pure
Breed would be very common: to reflect this, the Storyteller
could allow them to be purchased for half price or give them
to characters automatically.

Most Mokolé would be suchid: as the period ended,
homids comprised perhaps a tenth of the Dragon Breed. It
is possible that sterile suchids or homids could be born from
a union of two Mokolé, although they would not be true
"metis." If such an event took place, Mnesis does not record
it. Some Kinfolk could also be Kin to the Garou, connecting
the two Breeds by ties of blood.

The coming of the Dissolver's corruption awakened a
sense of foreboding in the Mokolé, as they recalled the
WonderWork that destroyed the Kings. Their apprehen-
sion was not understandable to the Garou. The most poi-
gnant use of the Last Times is as an inwitting story for
Mokolé who are alive today; they can feel the grief and loss
more sharply if they know the glory that went before.

The Wars of Rage

The Wars of Rage provide many ideas to the Story-
teller. The players could be defending against Garou on-
slaughts, counterattacking against Garou who slew their
Kin or clutchmates, seeking refuge by flight into wilderness
or across the oceans, or questing for better weapons and
tactics. The Mokolé, in their desperation, could seek allies
among the Béte; some might even listen to the false prom-
ises of power held out by the Dissolver. As the Grondr, Apis,
Camazotz and Khara died off one by one, the Mokolé would
try to preserve any lore or memories of them that existed:
Mokolé fought in the sounder of Brazentusk when he fell
brandishing the Sword of the Boar, and the memory remains
to this day of the Grondr's heroism.

They could also be trying to end the War (it never
ended; the Garou simply assumed that the Mokolé were
extinct). Perhaps a third party such as the Corax could help
with negotiations. Could human Kin who are related to
both Changing Breeds be caught in the middle?

Another story could involve the present day, as Mokolé
journey back to the Wars of Rage to begin a healing process
with the Garou slaughterers. The Garou could learn through
Past Life what atrocities they committed. The Mokolé could
learn through Mnesis that the Garou were not the only ones
to do wrong.


3

Se Wfoxocé a:

Name: Breed: Clutch:
Player: Stream: Varna:
Chronicle: Auspice: Concept:
Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000 ~~ Charisma @e000o0 |) Perception @0000
Dexterity @0000 = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @0000
Stamina__ SC @OO00 ee. Ah Ktio @e0000 ss Wits @0000
Calents Skil Knowledges
Alertness 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Computer 00000
Athletics OOOO0O © Drive OooOO00 | Enigmas OOO00O
Brawl OOOOO _ Etiquette 00000 Investigation 00000
Dodge ooooo © Firearms OO0000 — Law OO00O0
Empathy OOO0O Leadership OOO0OO _ Linguistics 00000
Expression. OO0O000~ Melee 00000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation OOO00O Performance 00000) Occult OOO00O
Primal-Urge OOO0O | Repair 00000 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 © Stealth 00000 | Rituals OO0000
Subterfuge OOOOCO — Survival OOO0O0O — Science OOO0O
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts

OOO0O

O0000

OO0000

OO000

O0O000

——-~ Renown-———
Glory
0000000000

QoOOUNOOOOO
Honor

aoO00o0 0 00000
pe ee ee eee eee
Wisdom
O00 0 0 00 000
Oe Oe ee ee ee ee

a 7 Rank cen evn Lcaowanr

——-—~~ Kage sane ccemce tne

OoO000000000
OOOO OM OO oy

every we le Gno0sis————<——-

0O000000 000
oe Ee ee ee ee ee

—-~Health-—=—-

Bruised =
Hurt 1 wl
Injured 1 a)
Wounded 2 |
Mauled 2 a)
Crippled 5 a
Incapacitated i)

———- Willpower —
0000000000

QOOOOOUOOOU

Sun Dice ——=—~

ALA. PS TL ee eiiemey /,

r


NY

vena /Suchid vemeurons
Strength (___)_
Dexterity(___)_
Stamina(___)_
Manipulation( ged

Strength
Dexterit

wee S74, FetisheSrmmcermanmn lretionar

weurrnanan. Archid Craits namahedimar

Item: QiDedicated Level_.s-s§- Gnosis
Power:

Item: (Dedicated Level. Gnosis
Power:

Item: (Dedicated Level_.-«Gnnosis__
Power:

woarvaavans Other Craitsmanahledmar

00000
00000 N

O0000

00000

00000

00000

00000

Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty] Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Brawling Chart

Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 3 Strength+|*
Body Slam Dex+Brawl 7 Special
Claw Dex+Brawl 6 Strength+2*
Grapple  DextBrawl 6 Strength
Kick Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+!
Punch Dex+Brawl 6 = Strength

+These maneuvers do aggravated damage.

Armor:


}

1

YE PS ET Es ET tei //,

Mature:

Merit Type

(Demeanor:

i Merits & Flaws —memeeEvatrnar

Cost

Flaw

Cype Bonus

men x panded Background a Caoatonar

Allies Maesis
Contacts Resources
Kinfolk Totem
Possessions lot oS AEX PCViCNCe ammnenrmetLorat
Gear (Carried): TOTAL: 1
Gained From: y
Equipment (Owned): |
Size:
Location: TOTAL SPENT:
Spent On:


sain WHOKOLE yd ee,

Wrousrrere oe Wf. a ti l story epee amen arr

— Prelude? gy
vA

Age:

Hain

Eyes:

Race:

Nationality:

i

Sex:

Height | Weight Battle Scars:

Homid:
Archid:

Suchid:

Om, hu |)j sual 5 uowmnvuncanvemnt Lorairnas

Clutch Chart Character Sketch

J
——
