# File: Breedbook 4 - Gurahl.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

ee ee ee ee ee eee eR RRR RM OCOCULCOCOUGd

{ AL GeAMS:

Tl

A Sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse"
Changing Breed Book 4

FRIAL & ERROR.


HE TAUGHT ME SO MANY THINGS.
SHE WAYS OF HERBAL HEALING.

\ New,
oY }
y,
Nea
GZ

=)
ar
i HE BROUGHT ME TO URSA'S TOOTH
~ AND TAUGHT ME AS MANY RITES
CAN 'S HE COULD.

UNTIL IT WAS TIME FOR)
ME TO LEAVE AND STRIKE
OUT ON MY OWN.

THAT WAS THEN.

GET AWAY FROM ME!
YOU'RE NOT AMOS!

R
: OS
WG

Vi Re on


SHE CALLS HERSELF ]
pf |TESSA SPEAKS-THE TRUTH...

FEAR AND BLOOD IN THE AIR
LET'S FIND THE FEAR FIRST,

MMMM... BAKED BEANS AND SMOR%
— THE TRUE BACKWOOD


ONIN ee
TWO BEATING HEARTS COME TO ME..=
MORE FLESH!

a ste =. a DIE AGAIN, WYRM BEASTI

T THOUGHT I KNEW
Bl HOW TO BRING HIM BACK

ligt a cies



GET OUT OF THE WAY!
H , 3

4)

a Sag med B

FORGIVE ME, AMOS,


T'M SORRY AMOS.
T SHOULD HAVE LEFT YOUR BODY TO GATA.
YOUR SPIRIT IS ALREADY WITH HER

THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD = "KOFF*_ YOU DID WELL, MICHAEL. THE WORLD IS
ogee BY. we DED FREE FROM THE LIKES OF THAT WYRM-SCUM
TO GIVE MY LIFE TS A SMALL PRICE. TO. PAY.
4 y/

SHE TAUGHT ME HUMILITY
AND. reseed HER LIFE

GOOD-BYE, Y
MY FRIENDS.
GO WITH GATA



5 aera ere en rene ear Laren are ems seaverensrwe

Credits

Authors: Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editors: Cynthia Summers and Car! Bowen

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Pia Guerra, Jeremy Jarvis, Ron Spencer, Drew Tucker
Comic Book Art: Steve Prescott

Cover Art: Steve Prescott

Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

ne 7 Ae

re

an

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, GA 3002!
USA

CAME STUDIO
© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark
Ages, Mage the Ascension and World of Darkness are
registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the
Wild West, Gurahl and Werewolf Players Guide are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, char-
acters and themes. All mystical and supernatural ele-
ments are fiction and intended for entertainment pur-
poses only. Reader discretion is advised.

Hey, you! Yeah, you! Check out White Wolf
online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

Special Thanks

Jeff "Kippered Herring" Holt, for getting to mimic his
favorite snack.

Aileen "Champing at the Bit" Miles, for not hurling
Jeff from the truck in Dillsboro.

Rob "Vlad von Voivode, v. 7" Hatch, for his devoted
attention to the e-circuit.

Brian "Otaku Ichiban" Glass, for scrounging more
animé than one would think humanly possible.

Ken "Bassman" Cliffe, for stress-testing the environ-
ment via apathy.

Ed "Lemme see! Lemme see!" Hall, for being the art
snob.

Andrew "Kill. Me. Now." Bates, for still not being able
to avoid the office for even a day.

Rich "Hairy Foot-Ding" Thomas, for indirectly creat
ing a highly dubious evolutionary... um, feature.

Authors' Thanks
and (Dedication:

This is for Buck, Bill Bridges, Sam Chupp, Ethan
Skemp and Carla Hollar. You each know why. Thanks from
both of us.

10 Gurahl

[FPO Ps ET Ls ET, Sy

|

2 etre erm rane corns ar rr NERS EDR oO

Chapter

Sample Gurahl templates and wétebe

Appendix Two: Storie.

Roleplaying information on bears and Storytel

Contents

aT <

12
20
36
14
12

128


ene rarer Ore SETTER SST ea mm AR rma esreameerenah

Last night, I dreamed about bears again. Along the shores of a
mighty river, hundreds of bears gathered to feast on the bounty of the
water. | watched the magnificent creatures as they stood poised,
ready to lash out with their powerful forefeet at the silvery salmon that
rushed headlong to their spawning grounds. | glimpsed the sudden
strike, heard the repeated slap of paw on water as one great bear after
another secured its meal. The air around me smelled crisp and cold
and pure, not like the stale, acrid fumes that permeated the city where
I grew up. There, breathing was a chore rather than the joyous
response to life it was meant to be.

Despite the idyllic scene in front of me, | felt an ominous
presence growing closer. | looked beyond the bears and the river,
toward the line of tall mountains that formed the backdrop of my
dreamscape. Above the mountains, a mass of dark clouds gathered.
These towering monoliths weren't natural thunderheads, but clus-
ters of malevolence and corruption. Suddenly the dream began to
collapse in on me, threatening to swell and twist into a nightmare. I
tried to wake myself up, but I failed miserably. My body became a
cumbersome burden, forcing me to remain rooted to the spot as my
heart started pounding with fear and the feeling of dread grew
stronger...

If the bears even noticed me, they accepted me as part of their
existence — or perhaps as part of the dream they shared with me. I
wanted to join them, to shed my clumsy human form and take on the
elegance and mass that was Bear. I knew I had to take my place
among them.

The massive storm drew nearer, preceded by a low rumbling
that seemed to come from the earth as well as from the heavens. Soon,
the terror seething within that looming darkness would engulf
everything in its killing shadow. The word "Apocalypse" sounded in

Introduction: The Journey of Ursa Minor

EN ee ne

my head like a whisper hiding behind a thunderclap — and itseemed
a precise description of what I saw. I took a deep breath and reached
down inside myself for the courage to join the bears, to share in the
danger and the beauty of their existence. Maybe, just maybe, I could
make a difference.

Then, it happened. My body coupled with my desire, and I felt
myself begin the Change.

I woke to the sound of running water. The smell of bear
surrounded me as I sat up and wriggled out of my sleeping bag, The
dream still itched at the edges of my consciousness, and I looked
around my small campsite for signs that would explain the elusive
message in my sleeping vision

tt

Everything used to be so simple. | lived with my parents in
Portland, Oregon. I went to school, where my grades were good
enough so that a career in medicine wasn't out of the question.
1 spent most weekends hiking outdoors with my parents and
learning a lot about survival in the wilderness. Now | think |
know why they pushed me so hard to learn how to "rough it."
At the time, sleeping under the stars and foraging for edible
plants just seemed like fun, even though few of my friends saw
it the same way.

Then it happened. I stayed late at school one afternoon to
finish a science experiment. By the time I was ready to leave, it
was almost dark. Only a few cars were left in the parking lot —
one of them belonged to Mr. Parker, my biology teacher, who
was going to give mea ride home. The left front tire was flat, so
we got out the spare and jack. I offered to help, but he just cold

13


me tostay out of the way. So I sat backand watched ashestarted _ reaching nearly to his shoulders, was a huge Kodiak bear. The

to put the spare in its place. man had his arm stretched out as far as he could across the bear's
Time slowed down then; I can't remember the next mo- __ shoulder (do bears have shoulders?). The bear, like the man,

ments in anything but slow motion. Mr. Parker leaned forward was staring at the camera, and after staring at the picture fora

toposition the tire and his knee hit a patch of greasi minute or two, I realized that the bear was grinning, just like the

jack. He slipped, pushing the tire under the man. On the back of the picture, Mom had written, "My parents

forward, jostling the jac! fmed to the ground, r

pinning Mr. Park fe Hescre jack; par and back —

tilted ata weird g i

by a couple of g60s a

weight of the cit 4a i j a ar. speptling my days
1 remembd a anythii 0 i exertion,

except watch d i i

inside me snapp

above the car, m}

fender with both

lifted the chassis ant g A

space. Mr. Parker Wa . Avi ¢ ted appearing —

but he was still breathing. | fel ak bla a ¢fowding my dreams

only way I can descrilt 2 é

every muscle in my b m ,

toapay phone and call f& Ie' at one of your relatives

and started sobbing. ~ 2 bugs under rotten logs. I
My parents came to get mie a D v folks died when he was a

with the ambulance to ma ‘a n pin the photograph —

didn't say anything to theft

ember is Mom

eled, trying to.
what | was.
¢ transition
the person |
withivmy parents
head. The

ped myavay up the
side of the road or

‘ou're not who ydu think you
ing to sort things @ut and just

from the '60s, ae WA ad

snapshot. It was old and ragged with é

you find in fancy family albums. The picture showed a tall,
rangy man with wire-rimmed glasses, thinning hair and a big
"smile-at-the-camera" grin on his face standing on a grassy After that dream, | threw away my map and just lec my feet

hilltop in front of a stand of pine trees. He was wearing faded carry me onward, trusting an inner compass that directed my
overalls, a plaid shirt and work boots. Standing next to him, path.

by steaple: 1 left my campsite aad went off into the woods a
little ways to try it out. It worked,

emer emer. rere cor. aration mre acres. roost eam rear

14 Gurahl

POPE PS ET Ss TI, TP I ED OS


Now I think I'm at the end of my joumney. The river that
ran through my dreams last night lies just ahead of me. If still
had my map, | might know its name, butsomehow, I don't care
Someone has been watching me from adistance, waiting for me
to come to this place at this time. The bear-smell grows
stronger, and I wonder, for a moment, if I should change into
bear-form before the watcher appears. Somehow, I know I've
been invited here and the one who called me means me no

harm. I guess there's nodanger in just standing here and waiting
for my future to catch up to me, but I hope it doesn't take too
long. The river looks inviting, and I'm hungry enough to eat a
dozen salmon! Plus, the skies are clear for now, but maybe it's
the calm before the storm — the Apocalypse. Ifso, I have a lot
to learn from someone, and I need to learn it as fast as I can.

Ursa Rising

For too long, the Gurahl have slumbered, withdrawing
from a world desperately in need of their healing and prote
tion. More than a century ago, when the taming of th
West ripped loose the bonds of the Storm Eater, a few werebears
returned to the world to help heal the wounds caused by its
ravages. Most Gurahl, however, remained quiescent, reluctant
to rouse themselves to action lest their presence provoke the
wrath of the Garou once again.

Now, in the last quarter of the 20th century, the Children
of Bear return in small but significant numbers to reclaim their

ancient protectorates and reestablish ties with their human and
ursine Kinfolk. The earth shakes with the awakening of the
Ones-Who-Slumbered. The emergence of a few precious new

cubs, young Gurah! who do not know first-hand the tragic
legacy of the Wars of Rage, brings a glimmer of hope for the
survival of the gentlest of Gaia's Changing Breeds.

Once the Gurahl acted as nurturers and teachers, healers
and protectors for all of Ga

a's creatures, yet the War of Rage
them into hiding for centuries. Rumors suggested that
ahl had abandoned the Earth forever. Will their return
shift the balance in the final battles to save what's left of the

droy

the

world, or are the Gurahl emerging just in time to be devoured,
one and all, by the Apocalypse?

Theme and Mood

Hounded nearly to the brink of extinction, the Gurahl
have somehow managed to survive. Though their numbers are
small, they have begun to take an active part in the affairs of the
world. This tenacity in the face of near-annihilation forms one
of the main threads of this book. The Gurahl possess patience
and a sense of perspective — qualities all too rare among the
Changing Breeds. The werebears take the long view of history;
unlike the hair-trigger Garou, who act on impulse, the Gurahl
move ata much slower pace. Although they recognize the need
to act against the Wyrm, they also fear the results of rash and
thoughtless behavior. Their disappearance after the War of

Introduction: The Journey of Ursa Minor 15

OL PT ST, AT TO,


SW a Lan Eres
91

atp jo [eatains ay 40} sadyudes Bu] se — Aressavou Udy
pur sioxsaioud ‘siajyay ‘siayaean se josury] 189g pue eUINY Jy
Suoure uappry ‘pautetiar skempe aaey [yeIny aay y "AjamuI0U
— pauedap Ayn s29u srarysinep pu suos s,1eag 104 ‘aouat9wo
"21 aN BIO St [YEING axp jo ,uuMray,, ayp ‘shea aMOs UT Te Ie
aUOU UBL Jan9q are S1UAUIADTIOFUTAI ae] ING {BALAINS $,e1BC) Joy
aj22eq atp utofay 01 Bu] oor parrem aavy YyEING atp sdeysag

urviip auo Kuoisiy on ‘ayqo.aujna pup payou ‘sapuas ay

"ayBiadn fiasuay Suypnd pun siappoys sry Huuonbs "unu pado-aypprut

on avaq paxinf-420)q wouf (SauMUa2 poLanas uN au ISuIf aYp 40f)

fosuny Sunuofsuns "nays Kpog-tnf v saad apyuyyy uo, dry ‘ry
uo fag say Toya YsM sNoULLOUD 942 fo aauNdaDI ays Yn Turystg

uD uaypmy

| Waym ppom ayn fo urmutas Tim Wym ‘om 40 Kanquad sayouD sof

afos pup uappry upwias | fi "daaqs prfaovad fo uonmrdwan ay or unin

Japuauins | fj, "wmiy syunp ay uayr ing ‘pom wapou ay st ry
Sajquinys ay) UO y20q sty Sum sanjduaruod apyury\ UDA dry

ss0d

S1Y1 01 aWOD aaDY Lana POM p}.oM aYp as}9.40 ‘ poop aq ASML JasuNOD

Cut ryZinos oym sauo asim ay.p,, "wf yorys siy woaf daaps fo ansan

sy] 2y) Sunpoys ‘fasuay or syuny ay oon rds 20,1,

asnxa 10u saop aznds auaym aands 4of sayroun
auo Sumpsof Burin Funumaws Buuomyo — adood aao auoyp
5400] ay axaymdiang "ynive ayn woss afy ayy unoy> ‘sayiadion pmax
mou sso pun auors fo spunow-rup anbsno.¥ ‘puny ay pessno9
s1s940f ssappua pup sumd asva a>uo a1ayyy "4aquen)s paqjoouosua
S1y 20us paudsuon spy yonu imp seas 2y ‘s4pa9 UoIsIA IY SY
swonvsuas Sumwooz ‘ppo pun ‘sun pup saxznq
pro} ‘spunos ssajauoy fo Kuoydoan Sung v suvay ay ‘siuos pag fo
yun snokof aip fo 22nd ays wi ‘sana sry Ipsso sasiou spyUDfur
SBuny sry spf 11 sv SuxX{snosun KaSungs pup saunf snowou yr
Kavay — jam sv quasaffip saws atv ay] "suaquiawion ay woys ysiry
Axo suLaas auyp3 suns ay. "aa09 s1y 07 CarUa ayn Kjuruazun syDy
apyuyay uo, dry ‘saumiuz9 fo ¢
PMI UeA dry jo ae] [RAY OUT
aBey araup jo Aany [ny aya yseayun asnur pywang ayp
uand ‘asdyesodyy ay azojaq Shep euy asaup UT pur ‘saunseau

aps aya yon Kasnao puns spyaky

aieidsap puewap sau ayesadsacy "|Jam se wad) dup asutel
suodeam auioraq Avi Aadyp ays Os Anissao9u Jo sary ay) Ur
Jo8ue zy Suruadieys ‘dey s1ayp auOY on wAeAy ASN Ady IY

Aaar}9q ‘sqNd mau ayy jo AURWU se |]aM se ‘sHBaqazaM Japjo aUIOg
"YONI 01 [YeING By) saAUP MoU UORRIAdsap Jo asUas Y

"URIP}HYD §,e2eD O2 aYstw s91 pus} puE ssuy|ry CUE
0u8 01 9WN aavy |]} LONEIAUAT mau ayn ‘oqdeus asnf ‘aqdeyy
OW B9U0 pareasd ayaa AdYI YY 10} yseEa YI dn dyRI OF
pure yoeqawios e Beas 02 99ueYD aUp aaey [YeING ayy ‘sqno Mau
Jo Yang 9p yar, "mouos ay 01 pud ue sastwiosd aeLp adoy jo
PUENS WIS B FaAaMOY ‘st BI9Y] J "oseE ay —sBuNjqIs parojaq
-aouo saya Aq wayp or auOP sBuoIM pjo-erUUAT|IU aya Jo
YA wag []Ns sI9]RAY §,eFED ‘Ajjed!UOIT "I Akay OYM soy
jo saea ay Uo AyysueY s}]2y 11 pue OY |]92 OYA asoup Jo sipNOU
yp Uy a28e2 19121q B S9AKA] aBeY Jo.1e/x\ ay) TUL pedeNag say
Jo a]e2 aYL "]YeING ayp spunouns ssoupes punojord y

Aymo]s 002
Sunaowi 3,uare Aaya ru pur ‘Suo] oor days you aaey Aayp wey
adoy asurede Surdoy Seq a1w sueag ay) MON "sIAIMUNU puE
sraqeay awayeaa s19yp jo sainieaid seep paaudap sey aouasqe
atp ang ‘Aayssazau Aq parezoip anal o1arens & sem aBey


families. Even among the Gurahl who chose to hibernate, a few
made certain to awaken from time to time to monitor the world
around them. In particular, the Gurahl watchers studied the
temperamentand development of the Garou, waiting to see ifthe
passage of time had given the most volatile of the Changing
Breeds an opportunity to reflect on their mistaken assumptions
about Gaia's healers. However, the Gurahl are stubborn as old
trees, and not even the passing millennia seem to have softened
their opinion of the Garou. Ultimately, their unwillingness to let
old wounds heal might prove fatal.

Some Gurahl even disappeared forever into the Summer
Country, abandoning their earthly bodies for Umbral spirit-
bodies and reunion with their totem spirit. The ones who
remained behind, in hibernation or in hiding, bided their time,
waiting for the proper moment to announce their presence

once again.

That time has come.

Lexicon

Arcas (ARE-kus): The stage of a Gurahl's life that corre

sponds with the New Moon; similar to a Ragabash Garou.

Arthren (ARE-thrun): The near-human form of the
Gurahl, corresponding to the Garou's Glabro shape

Bhernocht (BEAR-noct): A state of overwhelming sad
ness and despair that resembles the Harano experienced by
some Garou.

Bjornen (Bee-YORE-nen): The cave-bear or near-bear
form; the Gurahl's version of Hispo

Buri-Jaan (BOO-ree-ZHAWN): This is the name given
toa Gurahl who serves as mentor to a new werebear; also, the
period of mentorship (from the mentor's point of view)

Council of Autumn: The Great Council ofall the Gurahl
tribes; the most important of the Gurahl gatherings.

Fests: Informal meetings among the Gurahl,

Gallivant: The early period of a Gurahl's post-Change
life; a time of wandering and wondering.

Geth-Rura (GETH-ROOR-uh): The place of dark com
bat, arealm on the edge of the Dark Umbra where a Gurahl goes
to fight the Death Bear

Hibernation: For Gurahl, this is a period of suspended
animation, attainable through a Gift or rite, resembling the
deep winter slumber of normal bears.

Kieh (KEE-yuh): A Gurahl auspice that resembles that of
a Garou Theurge; the word itself means "doctor."

Kojubat (KOY-yu-baht): One who speaks the truth; the
Gurahl equivalent to a Galliard Garou

Kovi (KO-vee): Literally, "bear-child," the title used for
Rank One Gurahl.

Mangi (MAN-GEE): the Death Bear, one of the triple-
aspected forms of Bear.

Matae (Mah-TIE): "Wise one," the title assigned to Rank
Five Gurahl.

Pattern Breaker: The name by which the Wyrm is known
to the Gurahl.

Powwow: Intertribal Gurahl celebrations.


Rar-Azgai (RAHR-azh-GUY): The name given to the
Gurah! tongue.

Regalia: Tribal gatherings where Gurahl of the same tribe
discuss common concerns.

Rishi (REE-SHEE): The Gurahl auspice that denotes a
"wiseone" ora peacemaker; the equivalent toa Garou Philodox

Sorna (SORE-nuh): "C
Gurahl who have attained Re

Talchwi (TALL-chwee): "Honorable parent," the title
for Gurahl of Rank Four.

Tapestry Maker: The Gurahl's name for the Weaver:

ing one," the name given to
Three

je ype cf

Ursa Major: the Great She-Bear, one of the triple-
aspected forms of Bear.

Ursa Minor: the Little
forms of Bear; also, First Cub.

Ursus: The normal bear form of the Gurahl; also, Gurahl
born from bears.

Verden (VURR-din): "Full-grown," the title used to
designate Rank Two Gurahl.

Yarn Spinner: The name the Gurahl give to the Wyld.

Uzmati (Ooz-MAH-tee): A warrior Gurahl, similartothe
Ahroun Garou.

Bear, one of the triple-aspected

Gurahl


perenne en-us re AL eran erased)

cam a IA

Books a >

Several Books, all published by Voyageur Press present observations on the naturangthMelogy eFBed Of all types.
ears? Behavior Ecology, Conservation, by Edwift A. Bauer covers the life cycles andj
bears. P

Selected B. seca

black ani grizzly

Polar Bears; Ging iththe White Bear, by Nikifa Ovsyanikov, details the habits/4nd béavig6t polar bears in the High

River of Bowe, BRCEOR Waid ? 6b BE McNeil River State Game
Sanctuary SS <\

Blac\*Begr: Sgaso Bes the life and times ofheplastghea

argby Gary fs rrqdivetififto these controver unas. 3

partul the RefleLtions ofthe AV ideo Blished ks, y Bi Black Bear Reflections —
Autrges L.Jenki i ideas eg paces On
jem Giving Voite Beg Kame Mihs;. Rituals, and Images of the nerdy Bavid Rockwell, reveals the
importance offbe q igaals. f tribal cultures YY

Great Beat™ edilects accountdof encounter with Beas by nyturalists, hunters,
novelists and scientists. Se ~ P

Mark of the Bear: Legend and Jao ms by Baul Schullery, bring® a ations by

numerous experts and bear afig \ = SSS
Polar Dance: Born of

splendor, the beauty and
The Sacred Paw: The Bea

of the bear and its importa
Shardik, a novel by Ri

relationship with a creature

Films ve ba a ll ¢
The Bear follows an orphaned h Brtifough its first year of life. Without undue sentimentality, this aWardewinnil
film presents a powerful (and, at tim® ingly humorous) portrait of the species.

Alaska boasts spectacular scenes of-age story about two kids in search of their missing father and a polar bear
cub who steals the show. i

=U €=0 weet

Apis book is a visual treat. BD ow Ni < h\

Wterature, by Paul Shepard a Barry'Sa déts, reconst
Gyiilol'ent face ot mane ho)

ra work of fantasy ¢a PeiiesfaLlégadpinderous) story off

Gurahl offers a peck inside the world 0 a th Werewolf: The Apocalypse and the Werewolf
Players Guide, this Changing Breed Book pro : ut the history, society and culture of the Gurahl
as well as rules for character creation to enabl ing characters for your stories or chronicles,

zi t Gurahl and a brief look at their animal side.
Chapter One: The Dance of the Centuries pre alookathistory through the eyes of the Gurahl, including their take
on the War of Rage and the reasons for theig aj ' the world. |
Chapter Two: Painted Faces i eptthe Gurahi incliding where to find them and how they

feel about the other creatures of the World a
Chapter Three: The Song of Making gives a run-dg
rites that make Gurahl different from (and, in some g

Appendix One: Children of the Bear introduce
or noteworthy Gurahl.

Appendix Two: Stories for the Tel
well as some tips on telling Gurahl-based st

The rules and guidelines presented in thiSsourcebook elah
Werewolf Players Guide, and where contradictions arise, this bo
all, part or none of the contents of these pages in your own

d expand on the information presented in the
eons Previous material. As always, feel free to use

Introduction: The Journey of Ursa Minor 19

ao

————_—



I danced in the moming

when the world was begun,

I danced in the moon
And the stars and the sun

I came down from heaven
And I danced on the earth

Sydney Carter, "Lord of the Dance"

Once Upon-a Time -

Welcome, cub. Come and sit:

My name is Rendon Sheatheclaw of the River Keepers,
and I have chosen to follow the way of the Talesingers. I have
invited you to my den so you may learn the we
guardians now that your Cl

First Greeting

You will forgive me, I hope, that I currently lack one if the

ys of Gaia's

nge is upon you.

items specified to give you your first Ritual of Greeting as it
should properly be performed. | hope that you shall take my
greeting in the spirit it is meant and overlook this shameful lack
on my part. You see, until a day or so ago, I did not realize that
your First Change had already occurred. I ask your forgiveness
in this duty. It has been so long since we have

that I was la
welcomed a new cub, yet now three of you seem to have sprung
up in the last de now; you will meet the others
later. Normally, | would postpone this meeting until | had your
Changing Gift ready, but it is too important for you to under-
stand who and what youare, and your place among the Gurahl,

ade

eas

Chapter One: The Dance of the Centuries

LL Ee a

for me to delay our meeting. Please excuse me that I have not
finished your gift. It will be ready next week.

Why should I give you any gift at all? That explanation is
partof who youare, butit must wait while | make you the proper
greeting and teach you to do the same for me. For now, you
merely need to copy what I do. You will discover variations in
the ritual later based on who you are greeting, the time of year
and day, whether the meeting is accidental or planned and if
you simply mean to pass one another by or stay and speak
together. Even such things as whether you are there to petition
another of our kind for help ot to give warning of danger have
an effect on the kind of greeting ritual you use. Here is
version of the one I should offer you at your first greeting:
"Welcome, young sister. Welcome to knowledge of Gaia
and Her creation. Be easy in all your forms, and walk lightly
upon the Earth. Know that you are Gurahl, protector, healer
and nurturer, first-born of the Changing Kind. I am Rendon
heatheclaw, Talesinger of the River Keepers. To meet you is
my honor. I will not ask your name, for as yet, you have none
among our kind. For now it is enough that you ar

short

a sister to me.

21


I ask that you accept this gift which I have made for you. Keep
it near you that you may always remember who you are. When
you look atit, remember the name of Rendon Sheatheclaw, your
first teacher among your true people."

This is the part where I would give you your gift — usually a
work of art I made just for you, one which I will never repeat in the
same exact pattern or color. For now, | gift you with this feathered
hair ornament. The colors are symbolic of earth and water. The
beadwork shows a salmon leaping through a stream. Please wear it
and know you are welcome among us, new cub. You are our hope
for the future, and we are grateful that Gaia has chosen once again
to send us younglings. Though the dark days draw near, with
strong, young Gurahl by our sides, we may yet prevail.

"Take this bit of fish and these berries. | have prepared
them for us. Taste each. These are the fruits of Gaia, which |
bequeath to you. Their sweetness is all we need to tell us why
we nurture Gaia's creation. The fish has been salted to remind
us of the tears that have been shed in protecting these resources
Use them wisely. Never fail to offer Gaia's bounty to any in
need. Here isa bowl full of fresh spring water, It symbolizes life,
for all creatures die without water. Drink deeply, knowing that
some day you may know the secrets of life and death. Protect
those gifted with life. Know when it is wiser to help a creature
that is too old or too damaged to survive face death with dignity.
Here is a pouch filled with aloe, sweet grass, pine needles and
willow bark. I give you the gift and duty ofhealing others. Never
stint in offering healing to other creatures who are of Gaia."

Now we give one another our hands and pull one another
close. Do not think of this as merely a human-style hug. Through
it, we show trust in one another and come close enough to learn
one another's distinct smell. Take a deep breath. Now, even ata
distance, we will know one another in the future. Give praise to
Gaia and honor to Her creation. The ritual is ended.

No, cub, not all of our greetings are quite this long. Show
some patience while we have time for formalities — plenty of
time for hurrying soon enough.

You will receive your formal welcome at the autumnal
equinox, but for now I grant you this private sharing. Before you
approach the Council of Autumn, you must know the history
of your people — who we are, where we have come from and
what we yet hope to accomplish. It is a long tale, but not an
arduous one, I hope.

The (Dance Commences

In the old days, we Gurahl would have danced this tale for
everyone to see. We would have measured the time since our
first awakening in the world with careful steps, marking the
thythm of our lives' seasons with stately movements and joyful
gestures. We rarely dance now, and then only on the most
formal occasions. That joy has been corrupted for us, turned
into a shameful spectacle of ridicule and cruelty. But that
telling comes later in my tale.

If you would learn about your heritage, little cub, you must
listen to the words I speak, appreciate the pictures I will show
you, but pay most attention to the dances I teach you, steps that
we once danced to tell our stories so that no one could misunder-
stand. Even if you forget my words and no longer call the pictures


ee

to mind, perhaps the patterns of the dance will be enough to
convey the majesty, the grace and the sadness of our tale

Someday, it will be your turn to teach this to younger

rah
Watch now and move with me, for | do that which none of us

does happily in this day: I dance the Dance of the Centuries

Jn the Beginning

Stand quietly, feet apart and ready to move in whatever direction
Ido. Sway back and forth, feel the pulse of the Earth beneath your feet

Now, slowly, lift your foot. You are now one with both earth and air.

Gradually move forward until your toes dip into the pool of water.

Tu your face to feel the warm sun. Water and fire are now a part
of youas well. Breathe deeply, hold the breath inside youand know that
spirit completes the pattern of the dance which is you

Now we turn and tum again, moving our arms up over our
heads and swinging them slowly back down again. When we have
finished this movement, we will assume our bear forms and repeat it
This is the earning step, the beginning of the pattern. It serves as the
first movementin our Creation Dance, just as the world took on form
and began to spin its way toward time

Gaia's Creation

Our legends

y that when Gaia first walked the pathways
he chose a bright one with clear yellow light
ahome forall Her children-yet-to-be. She
settled near the star's warmth, though far enough away that his
fierce fire would not burn Her new children when they were
born. Just as we have done, She lifted her feet and turned,
performing the Creation Dance. As Her feet passed, earthpaths
sprang into being, reaching out from Her in all directions and
becoming land. She waved Her hands and called winds into the
world. She sang, and the spirit of Her song became the fire at
the Earth's heart.

among the stars,
near which tom

Sitting down upon the new lands, Gaia combed out Her
hair and it curled away from Her, becoming rivers and seas. She
passed Her hands over the land, and it was covered with grass
and trees and flowers. Then She invited Her sisters and brothers
to visit with Her in Her new home. These became the planets
and moon. Finally
with joy and cried with longing for the beauty She saw. From the

She moved across the land, She laughed

laughter and tears arose children to share the world with Her

When we Gurahl first danced this step (which we perform
in honor of Her), it was as we rose up from within the Great
Mother. As She birthed us, we nuzzled at Her warm body,
inhaled Her green and earthy scent and followed Her as She
moved. She called us forth to serve as protectors of the land and
all that dwelt upon it, and we were happy to become Her sacred
guardians. Our natures called for us to be nurturers and protec-
tors of the Earth and its creatures — including humans.

The Garou would tell you that humans ruined the world,
but we were created to cherish them just like Gaia's other
creatures. Many among both the Changing Breeds and human-
kind remarkon the similarity between bearsand humans, citing
our expressive faces and our upright posture when we walk on
two legs. We know the truth of the matter. It is not we who

ty resemble humans — it is they who copied us, learning our erect

stance and how to express their feelings as we do.


Se

comm a IA

Some will tell you that we existed before time itself; others
claim that we arose only after humans inherited the world from
the great lizards and the animals of prehistory. Those who note
that we breed with humans as well as our bear kin will ask how
we could have arisen before humans existed. I was not there, so
1 do not know the truth of it. Many of our lorekeepers and
scholars argue this point, some saying that Gaia created us from
the very bones of the Earth and gave us the ability to breed with
our close kin later. For myself, I think dwelling on such
questions leads to the same kind of arrogance which plagues the
Garou. What n more glogy can we ask for than to know we were

hills awakening}
we first smelled d
say, is why we still prefer caves, for
underground homes when snow blag
the scents that enticed us out.

Still another tale cone
spirit with the flesh-bodied
the joyful cub, a creature ofb
stars filled the sky, growl
forth, and at that moment,
his mother and father.

In the end, it doesn't really £3
except in the fact that it was Gaia wi
we became the best loved of Her Cl

The Calm Before Chi oe
We were not Gaia's only younglings, er. Long

to be
\g, and

before our own birth, the Mother had three other children.
Because She sought balance in the world, the Great Mother
gave birth to those we now call Yarn Spinner, Tapestry Maker
and Pattern Breaker — those whom others call the Wyld, the
Weaver and the Wyrm. Yarn Spinner whirled through every
part of the world, creating bright pockets of matter. Tapestry
Maker took those pockets and arranged them into garments
and crafted things, and Pattern Breaker saw the bright, new
items and broke them apart so there would always be room for
newly created objects to exist.

Ac that time, the balance was in no danger. We were able
to interact with humans as protectors, nurturers and teachers.
We wanted to help our hairless and clawless little brothers and
sisters. Some of us even gave our lives for them, sacrificing our

24 Gurahl

Vn yy

own flesh and skins in times when the naked ones would have
starved or frozen. Seeing our devotion to the rest of Her
creation, Gaia gave us a great gift, one we do not share with the
other Changing Breeds — the gift of returning life to one who
has died. This great honor we reserved for those who nobly
sacrificed themselves for others. Many human tribes celebrated
our connection with them, forming bear cults and healing
societies to whom we taught the rudiments of our lore.

Pattern Breaker's Madness

Such idyllic Hynes could not laspeAe@fifapligd became
more settled, Tapedty Maker gaeffin poydeeSiseteaw that
Pattern Breaker was tagring aggfidenpit belavedgg@itions, and
she shed bright tears oer af lo@tAs anyatbeePbrother would,

gged to know how
¢ didn't notice until it

Pattern Breaker tried to,
he could make her hap
was too late was that

cs
s 's tears fell over him as he
yeshiret all around him. In terror
a ightily — vainly trying to
‘ CAs enmeshed him. When they
, only to bind himself more
ttern Breaker lashed out at
g things that were never
& ion without regard.
cant to be, faltered and
series of off-kilter steps

t to the right, then
d. Again,

kemice Point

four comers of
Now slowly rise aggil

- Not easy, is it? This is
Predicamen® It reminds us how my precarious
the Earthhas been since the comuption of he whois nou Sal

The Changing Children

As Gaia discovered jobs that needed doing, She created
the other Changing Breeds. She created the Mokolé to be Her
memory when the world became so large that it was hard to
recall everything we needed to know. The Bastet became
Gaia's eyes, watching what transpired with their secretive,
slitted pupils. The Corax became Her messengers — mostly
because no one could keep them quiet anyway, and She felt it
was better that they have something important to say rather
than repeating idle chatter. And so many others were born as
well, each with a special purpose. We welcomed all their help
in seeing to Gaia's creation.

It was supposed to be our job to protect and heal the land.
We tried to be everywhere the Wyrm was, nurturing new
growth, guarding what we could from his diseased touch and


s
|

healing that which his coils made foul. Pattern Breaker had
grown too large, however. Even on four legs and perfectly
balanced, we were completely overmatched. Seeing and feeling
the Earth's pain, we knew we could no longer fulfill our duties.
Lifting our voices in song to the Great Mother, we asked Her
to send us more brothers and sisters to help us. She too felt the
pain of the worldas it was corrupted. Gaia knew thatdespite our
best efforts, trying to heal what was already broken was far more
difficult than keeping it from being ruined. She determined
that rather than make more healers, She would create warriors,
fierce defenders dedicated to fighting the Wyrm. That way
Gurahl could concentrate on healing and preservation, and,
could leave the battle to Her new children, the Garou.

The Garou

Our lorekeepers often say that the Garou were bi
from Gaia's pain over our inability to cleanse the
corruption. She did not blame us, knowing thai
tion, Pattern Breaker had become too larg
until his ongoing rampage ended.
made the Garou. We welcome
siblings and introduced ther
We were proud that
help us defend Gaia. 4
times, we cherished

about our new siblings.
Acthe time, we also taught humans aan secrets,
on our knowledge of Gaia's land that thi
plant and grow crops to feed themselv.
was that they honor our other kin, 1
been better suited to strike such a bay
(except for those of the frozen Nd
humans do — grains, fruit, meat and
humans to plant crops, we helped them sf
it less necessary for them to hunt and kill so ml
other creatures. We maintained the balance.

Just as we taught humans, we sought to teach th
skills they would need to fight the Wyrm. We taught qf
Rite of Purification and the Rite of Passage. We taugl
ask the spirits for Gifts such as Mother's Touch a
Wyrm so they would have warning of the Wyrm's presence and
be able to heal themselves when wounded. Another thing we
tried to teach them was harmony, the skill of balancing their
own feelings to give themselves peace and tranquillity. This
lesson, however, they could not learn.

Truly, it was neither side's fault. We did not recognize that
Gaia had given them Rage so they might strike quickly and
ferociously, rather than slowly and with great strength. They
saw no use in our stubborn patience, thinking us too slow, even
cowardly. We did not understand one another; indeed, we
could not understand, for we are vastly different creatures.

We found it best to live separate from one another, each
maintaining a certain territory for which she claimed respon-
sibility. Somewhere within that range, each Gurahl kept a

ecm ral i A NIT IAS ED MPT DAES Pal DR EIS

special Den to which she retired to rest and regain her energy.
Many of us also kept a home within a village or settlement so
that we might be available to teach the humans there, to lend
them our strength and to heal them. We offered these gifts to
the land and animals within our range as well. Humans trusted
and honored us, and we tried to teach them how to live off the
land without causing damage to it. We needed to be solitary, for
there were few of us, and we had much territory to cover.
The Garou found our ways indecipherable. To them, only
ir kin among the humans counted as creatures of Gaia; all
arasites on the land. They tried to cull humans
keep their numbers at a consistent,
as well have told wildflowers not
thought our attempts to teach
t; one does not teach the enemy
ived and fought as a pack, unlike us.
the corruption spewed forth by the
reater sass of success in battle ewtien

Backward with the original foot. Lift your
Ss g the heavens for an explanation.
the Step of Sadness and Regret. We dance it to commemorate
felt at the worst era of our history. Many call this time the
. I call it the Wasteful Misunderstanding
e seen what was to come, but we were not
As we taught the Garou more of our lore,
what they did not know. We counseled
even ourown kind do not learn our deepest
ites as cubs. Some knowledge may only be
fose who have drunk deeply of life's experiences.
isnotto say that youths such as yourself are incapable of
anding how something works intellectually, but that some-
it is necessary to grow wise in life before you truly appreciate
is you have been taught. No wise parent gives a baby
cause the baby cannot comprehend what all the
es of lighting those matches might be. In the same way,
no elder Gufahl places the burden of our most secret knowledge on
the shoulders of those too young to make informed choice

The Gift of Gaia's Breath

The Garou discovered that we Gurahl held knowledge of
agreat Gift taught to us by Gaia, a way to give the dead life once

again. In our earliest days, we used the Gift extensively and
discovered to our regret that it was best to save such a powerful
manifestation for very special circumstances. All of us deter-
mined to use the Gift only for those who nobly sacrificed
themselves for others, and then only rarely.

Isee you do not really understand. Why would we allow our
friends and siblings to die when we only needed to use Gaia's
Gift to make them live again? Perhaps the easiest answer is that

Chapter One: The Dance of the Centuries 25


apestry Maker. We do not insist that because
and

we are not like T
something existed, it must always exist. We live our lives,
many of them have been quite extended, encompassing centu
ries. But when it is time to die, why should we cling to this
or be forced back to it by well-meaning others

when our spirits can go back to Gaia and be made into a new
being? Even those of us who choose not to be made anew find

existence

great happiness in the Summer Lands, where we rest from our
labors. We only restore one of our own when that one is cut off
in her prime or when it seems as though her work is unfinished

There is a more sobering side to this as well. When
something has served its purpose, it is time for that thing to
move aside and make room for that which is new. If it doesn't
do so, the old thing sometimes becomes trapped in place,

refusing to be moved, and it rots from within. Mere continua

tion without corresponding growth and a deepening of under
standing is pointless. Further, it can be dangerous. 1 would
hesitate to approach some of our kind who have slept for
centuries, for | have no knowledge of what has befallen them
during their long hibernation. Many will undoubtedly awaken
renewed and ready to take up their place in the world once
again; others may have become twisted and corrupted
Finally, 1 must tell you the greatest danger in using this
Gift. The time elapsed between a beloved Gurahl's death and
his resurrection is vitally important. If the one using the Gift is
not present when the other Gurahl dies, she is taking a terrible
chance that it has been too longand that the Gurahl's spirit has
moved on, Do you see that blackened copse yonder? That is the

(a

result of a cub's foolishness in calling forth something he
couldn't control. When it has been too long, something else
returns rather than the Gurahl's spirit. | cannot begin to tell you
the horror and destruction a Bane-spirit inhabiting the body of
a Gurahl can wreak. | hope that you never discover that
knowledge for yourself. Later, perhaps, | will explain in more
detail this most precious of Gifts and what else we Gurahl know
of it. Now, let me continue with my story and my dance, for you
have greater need of this knowledge than the other just now
Like greedy children, the Garou wanted everything, and
they demanded immediate gratification. They believed that we
should give them our knowledge of the Gift of rebirth because
they could use it to bring back warriors killed fighting the Wyrm.
While we grieved along with them for the loss of their brave

brothersand sisters, we could not give them what they demanded.

The First Great Council

Stand and stretch forth your arms at shoulder heightas if encircling

the shoulders of others. Though we do not have a full circle, we willace

as though we do. Close your eyes for a moment and imagine a ch
filled with other Gurahl. Move to your right, crossing one leg behind the
other. Now move forward as though closing the circumference of the
circle. Drop your arms and tum to face outward. Bring your arms up
again, and move to your right. Step outward as though allowing the
circle to expand. Face inward again and repeat the steps to the left

Outward, and repeat again to the left. Now, move around the entirety

with others until

of the circle as though weaving in and o

This is

to your or ve Circle Dance of the Cor

ginal position

Gurahl

iP Wha 2a ar ant a


€
|

come ed SA

we all meet to reach an accord. You will need to know the steps when
you attend the Council of Autumn on the equinox.

Meeting together in our first Great Council, we talked
long concerning the Garou and what we should (and should
not) teach them. Perhaps you believe that we were arrogant in
assuming we knew what was best. It is possible you are right, but
we had lived long in Gaia's world, and we knew it far better than
our younger siblings. We spoke of their great, uncontrollable
Rage. We thought about their precipitous natures, how they
failed to think things through before taking action. While we
saluted their strength and bravery in battle, and knew that thi
rarely had the luxury of long thought before making decisig
we decided the risk was simply too great. We could not y
Gaia's greatest blessing in the hands of the Garou.

We knew they would use it on every fallen warrior, thig
this Gift would make them invincible. Never had we
occasion to try to use the Gift more than once on
Gurahl, but we suspected the Garou would try it over and
with disastrous consequences. They would egg
from within, never realizing what it wash
their midst. Gaia's warriors would
Bane-wolves. What was meant
once bequeathed to our y
Garou did not understg

that the Gurahl share all of Gaia's Gifts or
Some of us were greatly saddened to deny them what
wanted so badly; others had begun to resent the Garou,
manding them for their insolence and berating them fo
Rage. The Garou spoke with the other G
them all that we were hoarding Gaia's J
pointed to our habit of living aloy
implying that we were weak and,
Rumors began circulating that the
Wyrm.
Some among the Children of Chang
the Garou, thinking that if Gaia chose them t
Wyrm and its minions, they should know who was c
who was not. Many who had formerly been our friends 4
us; those we counted on for their support withdrew it.
truly found ourselves alone.

The Great Jce

The Ice Age began, and the Garou — looking for a fight
— blamed this harsh period on the Gurahl, charging that we
were trying to destroy the warriors of Gaia in retaliation for
telling the others we had fallen to the Wyrm. I do not believe
thatall the Garou were full of jealousy and perfidy. Notall knew
it was a lie. Many had no reason not to believe whatever they
were told. | have always regretted that more Garou failed to
challenge what their leaders told them — that the Ice Age was
proof that we were corrupted — but I suppose subservience and
loyalty to the pack is bred into them.

Whatever the reason, the Garou pointed to the coming of
the ice as proof that we had given up our guardianship of the

land. Using that as the excuse, they began to attack us and urge
the other Changing Breeds to do likewise.

A few Garou used the bridge created by the ice tocross into
the Pure Lands in search of new homes far from the tumult
Many Gurahl went with them. Among these Garou, fewer
believed the lies. Many welcomed our company, and we each
found new kin among the people and animals in our new
homes. Many tribes who honored Wolf and Bear alike learned
from both of us.

But the damage had been done, and it would not be
gh the effects were lessened in the Pure Lands,
es embroiled in the War of Rage.

have founda way tostop it. We know
remained true to our own natures, but
icult for those who advocate peace to
je face of battle. We should never have
:¢ of our own. Still, | wonder: Could

Race by refusing to respond to it,
ngsand claws? We'll

the Silver Fangs, the
e heard about war or
Even there, fafgemoved from you, it
se when the combatants are those
before, we had been able to protect
egg those under 08 care. Now we found ourselves at
endous disadvantage.
sever they sought us out, we fought back. For the first
aggressions rise to the surface, matching the
As great in strength as we were in healing,
s damage on our foes. The pity was that
bth against our own little brothers and
idable strength and endurance, we were
as the Garou were. Nor could we stand alone
pack. We fought; they died and we died. But
fewer of us. One by one, we fell before their attack:
hen we fell, we left our lands and people unprotected.
Garou turned their Rage on our unprotected Kinfolk,
hem in the belief that they eradicated the Wyrm's
By doing so. Many human tribes who honored us and
were completely wiped out during this time. Our
also slain by the Garou during the War of Rage.
Perhaps if we had been more concerned with saving them than
with fighting back in a losing battle, they would still exist.
In many parts of the world, though some of our Kinfolk
survived, the native Gurahl population was completely de-
stroyed. The Okuma, once the proud tribe of Asian Gurahl,
were all lost to what is known in the East as the War of Shame.
Russian Gurahl subsumed many of the Okuma's Asian Kinfolk
into their own tribes, which have since become a part of our
own group, the River Keepers. Some of the few Okuma Kinfolk
left also joined with the Mountain Guardians, but since that
tribe was a late arrival (split from the River Keepers once we
reached the Pure Lands), more ended up with us than with
them. Strangely enough, I have heard that the War of Shame
came many centuries after the War of Rage, long after the

Chapter One: The Dance of the Centuries 27

SPI: PST TE, TTT STII


|

a OA

Garou calmed down. But that story comes later. For now, you
only need to realize that the War of Rage destroyed many
Gurahl and decimated many tribes of our Kinfolk.

Initially, our bear Kinfolk, more cunningly hidden and
living in more remote areas, were better off. Then the true toll
became obvious. In each place where Gurahl guardians were
destroyed, the bears soon declined. Nowadays, almost all the
bears in those regions are gone.

Still, there was worse to come than the deaths in battle. It
wasn't enough that the Garou tried to kill us. Many of Gaia's
warriors were more interested in capturing and torturing us and
our Kinfolk to force the secret of Gaia's Breath from us. The
fortunate ones died quickly; none betrayed the secret, a testament
to our implacable natures (what many call our stubbornness).

We believe that the Garou tried to persuade or compel the
other Changing Breeds into declaring war on usas well, seeking
to justify their own attacks and to force all others to acknowl-
edge their leadership of all Gaia's children. Some among our
talesingers even claim that this was the real reason for the war,
so that the last born could assume the rightful place of those
bor first. Each responded in its own way. Our Changing
brothers and sisters have their own stories to tell of theirchoices
during the War of Rage. We have very little information
concerning their actions, and that knowledge comes to us
second-hand, from the Corax. Of necessity, we were removed
from our kin (even the other Changers) during that time.

We know that the Corax gave information to the Garou,
but then helped many of us escape from almost certain death.
They have told us that the Nuwisha turned and left, and that

Silverhair and the Bears

Once a family of bears lived in the depths of the forest. They dwelled in a large cave full of beautiful items that they crafted by hand.
During the daytime, they wandered through the forest, greeting the other animals and making certain that all was well in their territory. At
night, they returned home and prepared the food they had gathered during their daily rambles, then they sat together and spoke of what they
had seen and worked on that day. Occasionally, other bears would come to visit them, seeking healing or comfort, which the bear family gave
freely to their cousins. Other animals came to them as well, and the bears never turned anyone away. Their reputation throughout the forest

Silverhair heard tales of the bear, fond rors i
to the forest where the bear family livedy)
From a hidden place not far from
every morning, after greeting the sun,
would return home, their arms filled
Every few days, a wounded or sick beat]
0 away cured of his sickness or healed of!
"They must be working magic inside theif @
for myself and for my brother and sister wolves."
she was too proud to ask the bears for anything.
One day, a delegation of bears
with the bear family for three days a
not been part of the original group.
Silverhair thought about what she had seen and decide
bones the other bears had brought with them.
Silverhair realized that the bear family's "magic"
bones. "I must have this secret for myself and for my by
for themselves."
The next day, she waited tuntil the bea
She spent the day searching for the secret Ofek
pieces of artwork the bears used to decorate
secret had to do with eating or drinking fia
Finally, exhausted by her search, Sil
so she fell asleep, dreaming strange dreams. about

"Who could have done this?" the father bear roared,

the situation.

The bear family returned to the cave and fotend their home in a sha
the flor ofthe cave. Broken food-storage containers litered every surface

as gentle souls, SB SO eee ere eevee pea nenes Seria,

i st how much of what sheheard was true. She traveled
decided to watch them for a while.
the family's daily activities. She noticed that
ould go off into the forest. Late at night, they
ionally, they brought home fresh meat.
visit the family. The next day, that bear would

ess great secrets of healing, | need to learn these
Rjamily directly, Silverhair waited and watched, for

a bundle of bones and a bear skull. They stayed
a strange bear accompanied them — one who had

had somehow been ‘reconstituted from the pile of

couldre-create a living bear from nothing more than
Bught. "The bears gre wrong for keeping this secret

the bears' cave and stole inside.
eff its hiding place. She examined the
sampled all their stores, in case the

formed ritual dances around a fire.
'y of their most precious artworks lay in pieces on

(figer at the destruction of his life's work.

"What did we do to deserve this?" the mother bear wailed, looking at the spoiled food and the ruination of her favorite paintings.

"Whoever did ic is still here!" screamed the bear child excitedly, pointing to the sleeping figure in the back of the cave.

The sound of the bear family's voices woke Silverhair. Frightened and dismayed at being caught, she sprang to her feet and tried
torun away, but the bear family stood between her and the cave mouth. Silverhair decided that she would try to bully her way out of

28 Gurahi

Ve ne a eee ay,


"You are hoarding the secret of rebirth," she said. "I came

Father bear shook his head sadly. "We do not hoard anything, little child," he said. "We know many kinds of healing, and we are

happy to share our knowledge with those who ask for it. If you came to us hurt, we would heal you. If you were sick, we would cur
your illness. If you hunge

ed, we would give you food. Alll you had to do was ask.
Silverhair demanded
"No," said Mother bear. "Because you tried to take them for yourselves, you have proven that you are not yet old enough or wise

enough to possess them. Go away until you have need of us. Maybe, when you are older and wiser, we will share some of our knowledge

Jive me your secrets

with you
"Leave, or I'll pull your silver hair out of your head," threatened the bear child, standing as tall as he could in imitation of his parents
Silverhair stomped to the mouth of the cave, past the bear family. She glared at them before she left

"My brother and sister wolves need your magic," she said. "You have no right to keep your knowledge from us. Without it we may
all die, and it will be your fault if we do!"

The bear child gave Silverhair a shove and pushed her out ofthe door. Then the bear family set about the task of picking up the pieces
of their shattered home

Silverhair returned to her wolf brothers and sisters empty-handed and embarrassed. Too proud to admit total defeat, she told them

a different version of the story of her attempt to learn the secrets of the bear {

mily

corrupted them, and they are not worthy of acting as uardians of so potent a form of magic. I tried to ask them to share their knowledge
with me, but they refused. In fact, they attacked me and threatened me

Thus, Silverhair aroused the anger inside her brother and sister wolves, and they determined that if the bears would not share with
them the secret of rebirth, they would take that knowledge for themselves — by force if necessary. And this they tried to do

— from "The Storysongs of Shoshona Medicine-Bear"

The Kinfolk of the Gurahl preserved this story as a parable of the War of Rage. By telling it to each other, they honored
their Gurahl kin during the long centuries of their absence. Finally, the tale became so widespread that it reached the ears
of other humans. Eventually, the story found its way into writing, where humans now know it in its vastly different form


the Bastet fought the Garou tooth and claw. The Mokolé, the

many Changing children who
did not survive) realized that they were next, and they refused

Rokea, all the others (includir

to join. The Garou helped them along, deciding that preemp-
tive strikes against the other Changing Breeds were necessary.

Somehow the Garou became convinced that they should
be first in Gaia's sight. From there, it was only a short step to
thinking they should be Gaia's only beloved. We knew then
that there was no way for us to persuade them of our innocence
or stop the War. Our presence was causing our Kinfolk, both
bearand human, to suffer. Further, others among the Changing
children were being forced to choose sides or fight for their own
survival. So long as we remained, the Garou would havea focus
for their Rage. The only answer was to disappear and hope our
younger siblings' Rage would abate if they no longer felt
threatened by our position as Gaia's first-born

The Withdrawal

To avoid utter destruction of both ourselves and our
Kinfolk, the surviving Gurahl held a Second Great Council
to discuss our options. In actuality, we had no options but
one: to retreat from the world. Many of the oldest ones —
far too many — had to abandon their bodies and enter the
Umbra. Some went to the Summer Lands seeking happi-
ness and a reward for their services to Gaia. Others fully
retreated into their secret Dens or Umbral pockets and
an almost permanent hibernation. Happily, the
Garou (and many others among the Changing Breeds)
assumed we had all abandoned our E:

entered

thly existence. Be-
lieving that the secret of rebirth was lost to them, the Garou
indulged in a final rampage, after which their Rage finally
ps, our withdraw:

cooled. Despite a few more flare: | sig-

naled the end of the War of Rage.

The Centuries of Quiet

Throtighout the course of most of human history, the
Gurahl-have had only a peripheral part in things. As humans
became ever more settled, the Garou tried to control them
through the Impergium. Had we been there, we might have
been able to stop them, but we were missing. The same might
b
few of us still interacted with our human kin. From such
meetings, tribal Kinfolk learned our secrets of healing and of
sacred dances. We continued to teach them respect for Gaia.
Bear cults, most dedicated to healing and the ritual hunting of

id about a lot of situations in the years that followed. Very

bears for sustenance, proliferated among those tribes. More of
us contacted our bear kin, keeping those channels alive as well.

For the most part, though, the Gurahl slumbered,
awakening now and again to monitor things. The greatest
secret among the Changing kin — known only to us and the
Corax (since we were unable to keep it from them) — was
that despite our apparent disappearance (and assumed de-
mise), we remained in the world or just beyond it. Some of
us even now remain locked in slumber, but the rest of the
elder Gurahl have each spent some time traveling from one
area to another, maintaining a watch on those regions we
once nurtured

30

———_——


er eT

mmm rel AA

Great Grandfather, Great Grandmother _ bealingpowerswasourown hurt. Wefelt we had been betrayed
We had asked Gaia for help and She had instead created the

Garou, who in their Rage turned against us. Some of the truly
ancient among us asked why this should be. Why should we
nurture Gaia's creation? She had not stopped Her vicious
Garou from killing us. Many forgot that Gaia had opened the
way into the Umbra for us to escape, that She had taught us the
Gifts to soothe our wounds and even to restore those who had
died. They remembered the pain, the hurt and the anger; they
lutched old wrongs to their hearts and fed on despair. Thus,
me of us fell to darkness. It is painfully ironic that many
gesponded to the Garou's charges of Wyrm-taint by
int in reality. It is an old wound, one that has

It became a tradition passed down from one Gurahl to
the next that at least one of us would always be awake to
watch and help as we could. That one is known as the Great
Grandfather or Grandmother. It is that Gurahl's responsi-
bility to travel throughout the world encouraging the pro-
tection of our bear kin while seeking to perpetuate the
traditions of those tribes who still honor Bear as a totem. It
isa thankless job, and one that takes its toll. You see, no one,
of us can continue, day after day, to hold back th
pable tide that threatens to overwhelm
progress and man's ascension. E)
father sickens from the p
and he must return taf
Before doing so

pile, proved that without our guid-
igs to believe in. Wars blazed

d Africa as humans became
ritory or ideology. For the
‘e slept and allowed the
to place, trying to ease
ill acknowledged our

passing on all
the new Great

abreast of som
keep a paw in

prevent the tri
perishing.

Ivis hardly surprising that since most of us King
realms, our race declined precipitously. We were n
that this would happen. In fact, we decided it w: till a few moments of hope and greatness left
of us truly wanted to bring new children into th Bs that would become known as Britain, there
they had little to look forward to except fear and 10 became the leader of his human tribe. His
Further, we feared that if we did hay & warfare and in peace— became so famous that
in the war, our cubs would ni . Using the great strength
Garou — taught to fight an ing defeated those who
heal, encouraged to foster ff enemies, he showed
understanding. You see, w é ld be time toplant
we had lived to heal and i constant warfs

us to throw off our nature her own powers
hatred and Rage. How H ey created a land
children be if they were bro a i, jat became a shining

among the Changing children?

‘We know the answer to that, Calous fae who brought him down,
during that time, almost all entere At the Garou of the islands attacked in
they had matured fully, Urged on by he Bear King possessed the knowledge they
should have lived long, productive lives instead ‘ar of Rage to obtain. Whatever the truth of
when they were little better than cubs. The wal ‘ ife struck this kingdom with the force of a
cubs before the younglings even had a chance to gueen disappeared. Some claim she was to
they truly were. There were so few of us to be mentors, ut most believe she fled into the Umbra to
and of those, many were afraid to leave hidden sheltey avely wounded husband. The
out the newly Changed. Most of the lost cubs wen amg aye ized away toasecret island Den-
fear over what seemed to be some sort of possession realm where he cowfa d enter hibernation, some
of them. Others were killed by the superstiti i say, awaiting the day when the Wo ace again ready for
the untrained cubs were dangerous monste! re to prey upon his wisdom. From stories surrounding his time of rule, however,
their own children. Eventually, as Kinfolkfopped mating with sprang legends that rang within the hearts of mortals. So
Kinfolk and we stopped mating entirely, there were no more —_ enamored of his greatness were they, that they re-created him
Gurahl children born. The only ones of us left were the elders, again and again (or perhaps he arose from hibernation again
most of whom preferred to sleep rather than once again take up and again in an attempt to better the world, always returning to
the guardianship entrusted to them by Gaia. sleep when the world disappointed him). Itlittle matters which

In this, we were wrong. Once the Garou's Rage abated, we is true; the important thing is to remember his service to Gaia
should have returned and resumed our duties. Simple fear 4nd her creation. When we need him most, | believe that
would nothave deterred us. Instead, what made uswithholdour _ Arturus will once again arise to lead us.

Chapter One: The Dance of the Centuries

LE ES ee


The Hunt and the Sacrifice

Many human tribes in the Pure Lands and in the cold
lands of northern Europe and Asia celebrated the ritual
killing of the bear as central to their religions and to the
survival of their peoples. A festival lasting several days re
enacted the tale of Bear Mother and her Son, the Cub
whose formal death asa willing sacrifice brought necessary
food, clothing and tools to the tribe. In many cultures, this
festival also marked the end of the harvest season and the
beginning of winter. During this time of year, the spirit of
the sacrificed Bear descended into the Underworld where
he assumed the role of guardian of the dead. In the spring,
with the fertile reawakening of plant and animal life from
beneath the snow, the Bear re-entered the world, reborn
to the Bear Mother in order to give his life once more, at
the proper time, to his tribe.

The World Moves On

A new religion advocating peace and brotherhood arose
For a time, we had great hope that its advocates would bring
about an era of healing and understanding, but they too fell to
the evil and greed of a few. They even hounded those who
honored Bear to worship their god or be put to the sword
Considered barbarians and heathens by these so-called civi
lized folk, many Kinfolk bloodlines died out as members of the
tribes were converted and forced to forget the old ways on pain
of death.

Soon, only scattered tribes living in remote areas remem
bered Bear and the teachings of the Gurahl. Our bear kin fared
little better. Hunted in inclement climes for their fur, bears
became little more than curiosities in many places. In others
our kin'were feared because of their strength. Humans who
knew nothing of Bear became convinced that his children were
fierce and vicious. Believing it showed others how brave they
were, humans who had forgotten how to live close to the wild
paid hunters to capture bears and bring them to the cities where
they were used for "bear baiting." Never heard of it? Bears were
shackled to stout poles, starved into near frenzy and forced to
fight for their survival against dogs, other wild animals or
groups of men with spears.

a
=

-

x

Yet, this "entertainment" was not the worst punishment
inflicted on our proud kin. Many will never understand why
what I am about to speak of affected us so deeply. | hope you are
not one of those.

Link hands with me. Step lightly to one side. I will move in the
opposite direction. This brings our arms to shoulder height, elbows
bent, with one set of linked hands held before each of our faces. Feel
our oneness. Close your eyes and savor our connection to Gaia

Ah! Youdidn't expect that, did you? I've drawn blood and hurt
you. Don't worry, the pain is minor and it will heal. Imagine that the
pain was much worse and that you had no way to know I inflicted it
upon you to make a point.

Someone discovered our greatest joy and made it into our
greatest shame. They took our sacred dances and turned them
into a grotesque spectacle. Our bear kin suffered cuts, punc-


mm eA SAL

tures, burns and whippings that forced them into a shuffling

parody, a pain-filled clumsy movement humanscalled dancing. The Tale of Sleeping Bear

The advent of the dancing bear ended our joy in the dance. :

Because our innocent kin suffered such humiliation and pain, When Gaia birthed the frstumid detest of Her Chg:
ing children, She invited Her three oldest children — Yarn

even today we find dancing distasteful and difficult. What was \
once both sublime and sacred has been forever sullied and Spinner, Tapestry Maker and Pattern Breaker — to a feast

profaned by this crime. Baiiianoy of Cent. Lena, Oe etal heather Teceenn |r
Centuries passed, and things got worse andworse yet. The | came to the celebration as well, and all showered praise and
wars continued. Vampires clotted Europe so thickly that the | #i/s upon the newborn Gurahl. Only Pattem Breaker
Iicinaraltoeel an tne tonite Geher AACR, cle remained aloof from the festivities, for he had dreamed a
" ‘ 8 dream that made him angry and resentful.
everyone who seemed even vaguely suspicious. Plagues struck ,
humanity, and I cannot even say that we were necessary to heal One by one, the guests spoke words of blessing over
them —as soon as thegfcknesses passed, the humans boifd up the newborn child. Gaia smiled proudly as She heard
iy ‘ Gurahl receive ts of strength apgat@ittng, Sm passion

Break vould not
eb the cradle where
baby-fresh eyes and
archild's brow.

re Lands. Neither our bear kin nor of tribal Finally, nest ee

fe any longer —and we, who should haye been J Contain his anger. He'gt¢

apped in slumber. I wonder even now Gurahl lay looking upfat thegbor

ider Garowhgdtonfined themselves to displaging our placed a shadowy P

guild we have ayakened? "I see the sééds of Yny. dgwnfall in your eyes," he

scowMs ger Petr SCalfordigeedgs you live past childhood.
Bi y0u bayeiRodin ig Baturity, those you cherish will

find and slay you." Witheshose words of doom, Pattern

Breaker ripped a I d and disappeared through

fears were realized: European iffmans | "4 wisdom, hardigess and j | es
D

Everyone*Was oS 3, gttern Breaker's words.
Bia wept, and floods blanket he surface of the Earth.
But three guests had@rrivedtatdyo the party, and after
discovering from Lunaywhawfigd gone so terribly wrong,

sMaYghe ble to help. Ursa

roblems they k
hoped that our A
in the Pure Lands to'tate for themsel
Garou had learned from the War of Rag
but not strong enough. The Garo
apparently learned nothing. Thigfimg
kin directly, but attacked thei iAg TH
Lands, the Three Brothers q aan f
the victims of the European fifyadeng :

and forced from their sacred act
that they had bound when thggfise

The horror known as Eater-OGS3 Almost ct Bir long sleep."
before we were fully awake. The ai Bad selves M y peto Gurahl's cradle
to stop it. Some among us felt the spit ase Pass on bearchiildfs Belly. "I can give you a childho ic
their path back to Gaia. We stirred ¢ among that its memories can sustain you during yo p.
us spoke in dreams to others, asking iff f Pyoulld arise and see Time passed, and Pattern Breaker's words came trud
if Gaia's Breath could save these nobjt grits. The Great The cherished little brothers of the Gurahl, the wolf,
Grandfather considered entering the G&§-R fight the children, rose up and tried to destroy their oldest sibling.
Death Bear for the Croatan's return. In the end, Gaia made Instead, they drove most of the Gurahl into centuries of
known to us that this was not the time. slumber, just as Ursa Major promised.

We fully awoke as the invaders moved westward. Taking Whentithe) Stavan Eater raped aihons Oe UBT,
over caerns and driving out the native Garou, the Europeans something inside sleeping Gurahl whispered that the hour of
unbound a major Bane that had melded together with the greatest need was at hand. This whisper broke the enchant-
unbridled mania of the Weaver — a twisted fusion of both ment of the Pattern Breaker, and Gurahl awoke to take his
called the Storm Eater. Its screaming presence, ae eect place in the world again.
the Umbra, proved a more effective wake-up cal millions =< hoy: ag
of alarm clocks, The Garou couldn't handle it alone. As ae ene eine Matcine Bee
discretely as we could, the Gurahl emerged from our Dens and
offered our help to the native Garou. Most of them kept our

they-ipformed Gaiqthat che
P Maid stepped u i a
will nar die," sh said. b

x6 A's grotitest ed

leaning down, @bhis ondbthing into th
give youa abo one else but

me

g 8

8
z aac
i a8 &
Shae
; Pe Ne
é 9. 2 2

K

Chapter One: The Dance of the Centuries

[OE PT ST TT ES


wuauspaymouyry fo darg aya si sry p "NOK 01 op | sv au 01 Mog
{pum ays uz aduvy> ayp jjaus NOK oc] *saaTuyf anok us sums ayn
yo109 1ysiw nok fr sv spupy 4nok Bustos ‘4m aya ous doay MON
yipio sappnoys 10 asnf ‘s4ndv 12af nok ynm punis pun poay nok
fr] "22uvp ano fo pua ay) 01 1s0WD 2WO? an,am Mou puYy
aa1adas Ino sidaade ]]Ns BLED YeYyp ‘Suo] Or
days 10U aavy am Ietp ‘918] OOF OU ae am adoy 2/4 ‘adoy
am 19K ‘siutds s19yp Ut yrs WODaIq JAY pue IYsNe? Apood
aa ey AUeUL Os ‘sueMINY AueU Os ze 929Y | "UU oO UMOUY
saniununuos isos00d aya Jo awos UT YysINduE] UTZ UeLNY
Ino pue Awad 49s ]]Ms pom ayR J9A0 |]e ULy eaq Ino
40) "yaw 002 Ye 01 "yDnUT 001 adoy o1 SuoIM aq P[NOM a]
ureBe pjiom ayp Ut aoeyd [npIYsIU INO aye ABU 3M pu FAO
Ise] 18 St SuNAIEm Jo aUN Ano sdeyrag "salNqUaD UI dW ISI
21 10) Urese Us0g Su1aq aze sqnd May "svad YoRD UayEAme sn
jo a10 puk JOY "19Ivq WIIG aU Ieayap NOIeD ay padjay
aM UdYN Paaartyoe am (|]EtUs 12AIMOY) Sassadans ay? WoIy
uvay Uaye aAey am ‘pastuuns A}qeqord aaey Nok sy

SAUAIJ, UADQOYY

"ysuay> pue yea 01

sqno mau Sutaey jo 32uey> atp — xem 02 UOseas MIU B IOP]

ano suri *sn aerpentaaa pynoo dayp padoy aa ‘saying "2]qqss0d

se spur] pli aya Jo Yyonur se ada.04d 07 SUage se Ide 01 WIP
pouten 94\ "funeu uo ooqea ano poxejay am ways poonpoud
‘Aamyua aya Jo una ayp a10Jaq asf UIOG a19M M9} sNoTIaId
v ‘omer [JMS ax9Mm UDUP]YD [YeIND ann ySnoyy "awn Aue Ie

djay sno paau aysiu spaaig Sursueys s9yp0 ayp 40 yjoyury ano

LA OS TLL AP COS, se

hat

saupt2 104 ‘sporiad uo] 10} daajs 01 08 0 preaye a19m am ‘heme
poyeas uaag Aypeuy pey aeasy ay way, "aanany zaniaq eyo adoy
Ul YJOFUTY 3NO 02 SaV sno Maud 0} aIqGe 219M aM ‘UIT StL JO
asne2aq Ing ‘a1¥y 11942 Woy ajdoad sno aaes 1,Up|NoD 2/7,
‘quawylodsap wo4y pjnod am 1eym puazap or —
IY 2AaI]9q NOA J} — noseE uLadoang may e U9A> ‘OB1pUa/
*euaryp) apissuoje 19pjnoys 02 Japjnoys poors uaaa |yesng)
aulog "ay!]e aaBueyadeys pue ueWNY ‘A19x20UI Jo poolq
*pooyq ur yea ay2 paypeg am — pjnoo am Surya Ayuo aya
Pip am ‘uinjag uy "paaue.
Suruyuod ‘spjay paruejd so spunosd Sununy stay Suryears
‘ury Ino Woy pue] a10W pue asow yoor Aap ‘AjqeIoxauy
"aun ou sn sakes SIapeAut aya ing ‘aye

asja auo ou sdins uaiseg 01 way

sJaqeg ULOIg ay) Ut
Ya] UoRdnuz09 ayp asuea]> 01 Yduintn ut yoEq auI0D ‘sautTa
quaroue paanide>as aavy pjno ax ‘au aio! apa] e U9AIS
uaaq pey am ji sdeyzag "aiey jo 184) ayy Woy pa12A0da1
Ise] 18 PeY aM IeY? pUe 19A0 a1aM a]IXA Jo steak BuO] INO
dep padoy urese om ‘aun e104 "warp Yyoead o2 pey am rey
paurea] pue sme] seep rday Aayy "seaq a]201] pue sayroul
‘s9yIe} — sULIOJ $,WW910] ayp [Je Ul IVIg paJOUOY soqia
YL "Warp pasamsue am ‘pjnos am a194 4, "AUOp ey saqua
saq[Je9 se asn{ aoueuaisns pur yrSuans 10j sn or pajeadde
Auey "stopiaoid pur siayeay sv soqua ayp ur paworjam arom

2A "Yjoyury uewNy sno o2 uMoUY saayasino apeur urese
aduo am Udy ade Ue ‘sn 10j aUITD IaaAmSIOIIG eSBA SY |
Jurwod sem paseaj 2am YEN AY? 10} SE9P|NOYs AN 4900
Yo] 02 Suravy Aq pauassa] seat ssauaani2oy9 INO Ing 41 9AA1>q
ayp jo asoyy "IoxD98 ay Pagqqe]q XeI0D
unas ano pue—auautaAjoaut

0) pasnyar suvadoang

ayp aaamoy ‘Jensn sy "1ainb


performed when we each see one another as we truly are,
knowing the other to be the first born and beloved of Gaia,
healers, providers and teachers

This, young one, is my gift to you — the Dance of the
Centuries. You are among the new born, our. greatest
treasures. Take what I have told you, remember the steps,
evervif you never dance them again. I know that youare like
the little bear just now, full of the self-confidence and the
energy of youth. You have many triumphs and mistakes yet
in front of you. Remember my words to you, but do not let
them weigh you down. Be inquisitive, revel in your strength
and the joy of a summer day. These too I bequeath to you,
for to heal others you must have hope. There will be time
enough for the darker duties later. For now, dé
dance you are given and know yourself for what you are

nce the

A question? Of course

lam here to teach you.

Chapter One: The Dance of the Centuries

Of course you may r
‘one, but we have not done so in many years. It is the shame that
keeps us from it, I suspect: Many other elders might be shocked
that you seem to want to dance, ever! to the point of creating

ke up new steps to the dance, small

new steps! | will try to keep an open mind, and we will rehearse
the steps you wish to show the others.

You don't wantto rehearse them? Spontaneity? Thatis
something few Gurahl practice. We are a very ritualistic
people immersed in the old ways of doing things. But you

are very young. You may even be the future of our race
Perhaps it is time we broke from old traditions. It may even
be that such views are needed if we are once again to
become a force in the world. So dance, young Gurahl, | will
beat out the time and rejoice that you are not ashamed!


It has found a place to be

— Tao Yuan-Ming

Apart and Together —
he Gurahl Lifestyle

So you think you're ready for the Council of Autumn, do
you? What have you done that we should acknowledge you as
one of us? How many stories of our heritage do you know? In
fact, just what do you know about being a Gurahl at all aside
from the usual "we're healers and nurturers" line?

What's the matter, did you think we all talked gently and
slowly? Are you surprised at my harsh words because I'm female?
Isee youare. Okay, I'll say this once. Listen and try to understand.

Myname is Tanya Trains-Her-Cubs-Right. | am nurturing
and gentle —I try tobe kind — but I follow the She-Bear totem,
Ursa Major, mother of the First Cub. It is in my nature to be
caring and protective, but I am fiercely protective. A mother
doesn't prepare her children for life by being too gentle; she
pushes them to achieve all that they can. She stands behind
them, ready to catch them should they fall, but at some point,
she has to step back and let them stand on their own.

So, I say to you: What do you know about being Gurahl?
You've heard our history, and maybe you've developed some
preliminary opinions, but do you know why we mainly travel
alone? What happens at our meetings? Must you defend your
chosen territory from other Gurahl? How about from other Chang-

Chapter Two: Painted Faces

EE ae ae Tm Te

After a storm the leafy tree is no longer solid,
but the pine still chrows a full shadow.

For a thousand years it will not give up this place.

ing Breeds? What makes the River Keepers different from the
Mountain Guardians? And what do you plan to do when winter's
cold makes you so sleepy you can hardly keep your eyes open?

You see, you aren't prepared. My question wasn't so cruel
after all. Sit down next to me. I don't bite unless you fall asleep
while I'm talking. I'll tell you the answers to many of those
questions and maybe, when the Council of Autumn comes,
you'll be ready to tell the elders who you are.

Now, since | barked at you before and you want some
reassurance that I can be the motherly kind, I'll start by telling
you a story.

Why the Bears Don't Live Together

A long, long time ago when Gaia made all the places on the
Earth and all the animals to live in them, She asked each kind which
place they'd like most. First Bastet gracefully moved forward and
looked at Gaia with her slanted, slitted eyes." My kind loves both sun
and moon," she purred. "Anywhere warm where we may slink
beneath the moon when She is presents fine with us. Of course, we
prefer interesting places..." So Gaia granted Bastet a place in the

37


2 ere we rnstrine ircetori omar ten pers oom en greene csarmune

a AA

jungles and the savannas and among the high mountains where her
people could find what they wanted.

Next Corax swept forward. "We need places to build our
nests," he cawed, "But we like spots where we can see what's going
on, And where there's plenty of food — carrion would be best. Oh,
yes, and don't forget the pretty-shinies!" Gaia smiled and gave them
places near corn fields and in forests near human habitations where
there was lots of room for nests and plenty of fodder for gossip.

Then Garou stalked forward, growling. "We need forests in
which ton and hunt, and hills where we can build our dens. Weneed
plains nearby filled with prey beasts for those times when hunting is
lean. We want clean water and room enough for our people to grow
and spread out across the land in our packs. Forests and mountains and
hills and plains, That ought to do it!" And Gaia gave them what they
asked for, though She looked a little sorry to hear their greed.

Rokea's skin was itching, and he thought he'd like to live in the
deeps, far away from the dry, oppressive glare of the sun. Mokolé also
wanted water, but she liked sun as well, so she asked for rivers with
nice embankments nearby where she could sun herself. Gaia gave
Her blessing to each.

Ratkin wanted some place where he could remain hidden, but
from which he could emerge to sneak around and make off with choice
tidbits from other people's tables. Ajaba laughed and said she'd take
some place where she could grab the lion's share when he wasn't
looking. Ananasi wisely asked for hidden places to spin her webs.
Again, Gaia assented.

Nagah asked for the bottoms of rivers in a jungle setting, hissing
out that her place should not be confused with that of any other.
Nuwisha fell over laughing when Gaia asked him his preference and
finally answered, "I don't care, so longas it's interesting — both formy
people and for those who must live near us." Gaia smiled and agreed.

Then She looked around and realized that Gurahl was not there.
She sent Nuwisha to awaken Her slumbering child (which he did by
tickling Gurahl''s feet with one of Corax's feathers). At last, when the
sleepy werebear stood before his mother, he realized that most of the
places had been taken. He thought and he thought, wondering where
on the Earth there might be a place for him... and at last he had an idea.

"Mother," he yawned, "Since | am often sleepy, especially in
winter time, could I be granted a cave where I can curl up and be cozy
until spring thaws the Earth? In retuem, I renounce my people's claim
to any other portion of your creation. Let our younger siblings have it
all. So long as we have a cave to call our own, we will act as the
protectors of all the other places and the creatures that live within them."

Gaia smiled to hear such wisdom from Her gentlest child, but
then She asked, "Will caves be big enough to house you? You are not
so small as Ratkin nor as agile as Bastet." And Gurahl answered,
"Then let us each live alone,"

And that has been the way of itamong the Gurahl from that day
to this, except among our polar cousins, and they weren't there when
Gaia gave out living space; that's why they live on ice. And if you
don't believe my story, you may ask the Great Mother Herself.

Together

Not only do we usually live alone, we most often travel
alone as well. The three exceptions to this are during the
Gallivant, while we are mentoring a younger Gurahl and when
we form groups to handle specific problems. Of course, none of

this necessarily counts for the Ice Stalkers. They're fey folk in
more ways than one, and they don't follow all the rules.

The Gallivant

The first year or soaftera young Gurahl undergoes her First
Change is critical. A few younglings are marked by elder
werebears who expect them to make the Change. They watch
new cubs closely, eventually gathering each one into our fold.
Each one then receives a Buri-Jaan who assumes responsibility
for teaching the new Gurahl about herself, her true people and
her place in the world.

Others must endure the Change alone. Soon after they
Change, however, they eitherfeelacall from another of theirown
kind to learn what they need to know or a desire to seek him out
You nod. You understand, then? You remember the dreams and
visions that came to you? Well, some of those dreams were sent
by your prospective Buri-Jaan. | understand afew even come from
Gaia or Bear. Of course, it's not always clear exactly who sends the
visions, but most fledgling Gurahl manage to travel where they
need to be to meet with their mentors due to this tutelage.

Anunlucky few seem to be blind to the visions and deaf to
the call. They don't know themselves for what they truly are.
Instead they cringe in fear and self-loathing at the monstrous
thing they've become. Denying their heritage, they refuse
Gaia's summons, most often sinking into insanity or a murder-
ous killing spree that ends with their deaths. A few survive to
become what we call Abandoned Cubs — but we'll speak of
those poor creatures later.

Right now, you're a new cub, one of the lucky majority
who accept their natures. Now you enter into a time of life
known as the Gallivant. This is a time both of concentrated
learning and carefree rambling. New Gurahl almost always
start their existence under the Arcas auspice, governed by the
spirit of Little Bear or First Cub. As such, it is your time to be
curious, childish, playful and funny while still picking up
knowledge of who and what youare. In essence, it'sanextended
romp under the light-handed guidance of an elder mentor,
much like a mother bear instructs her cub using play as a
teaching aid, Being Arcas doesn't mean that you learn nothing
serious —rather, you are allowed this joyful time to get to know
Gaia's beauties and bounty so you'll know what it is you were
born to protect and nurture. Enjoy it while you can, cub,
because we can smell the chamel fires of the Apocalypse from
here, and you have plenty of work ahead of you. Thank Gaia
that we have time for you to experience a Gallivant at all.

But now I'm being frightening, ch? Well, hush and I'll be
gentle again.

The Buri-Jaan

Sometime after our first few years as Gurahl — usually after
experiencing both the Arcas and Uzmati auspices — many of us
are called to become Buri-Jaan. This word most closely means
"mentor," but it also carries the connotations of parent, elder
sibling and one who has achieved certain honors. It's quite rare
for a werebear under the rank of Sorna to be trusted with
mentorship. As a Buri-Jaan, an elder werebear accepts a newly
Changed Gurahl and embarks on a year-long escapade with him,

38 Gurahl

hl ——

iin, .


spur] plim s,e1e9 a] yap oym as0up Surystund uoruag ‘saruE|BIA
auiosaq auiog "dnox¥ v ut s9yza803 Surpueg 40} suoseas 39490
aavy uayo asryd ewizy soyp posaiua aaey Oy [YEN

(oped, e Sure) woy dojaaap sdryspuaiy uo} 9x1 Auews ‘ouope at
Su1o8 Joy yueyoUad no andsaq] "aBuD|yey> 02 soy AUPIOM Puy Or
sadurane snouias-1uias 01 se] aayjaze> Woy SurpAue aq UeD S90
asoy.] ‘o8ens seany s19Up Ut [Hs as0Kp SuoUTE aseaq 3e ‘nod YL dn
{yoie 02 (anaes 0) Supprem aprya saungess2 Bund s9xPO YAMIN
SurSuey jo ou e aq Aews sry "Nod 231209 02 UT 2s0U sTY BuPyod
soruaus Asou e INOUBIA soyeASTUT PUB S9104> UMO INOA ayeUE
03 2]qe 24,04 ‘sa, "Wopaay eax sIy axp [eUsIs (spaaag SurSuEY>
sto axp jo sIOquIIM YALA 30 [YEIND Sunod za~Po YHA) suors
-aN2X9 Yons UdYQ "sdnow ur Suyjaaen YySnonp uoNsessnes puy
saeagaiom sa8uno4 Aueus ‘aprayjos s2ya3d uayo am INA

qearains s.21 SAanosrwiord
Jou s.2ey J ‘uaxppry> Aprey Suyazy aunsua or mouy am Aem as9q
aya SI STL, ‘a1ew OF WOYM UPI AtpTeay sow pue asadUONs ay
BSOOY BM ‘SAIMBII PI! $,L1ED 9YxI] "UOROUNSIP Jey spjoy
paaig SuidueyD seyjouy "i0u 93,9m ‘on jsnonostwo0lg

jaw ase] atp se 9u0 sures ap skemye 2,ust 21 pue ‘st 9yeU eUITdo

Ino OYA $n S]]23 YP JeNaU B asn 99 "qnd e Or YANG UdAId Isnf

2xey 10 sioquau se SuNDe ApUaLND a4,9m ssajun prend am svaze
ay Ul suOye xem ay "wraNIed aUTEs I~ MO]JO; 02 puDd 2A,

savewas}] JJM waamIaq ITP 02 Ie[TUHS seq SUOUTE UOOAIP
ou st az9yp ang ‘A}aozay warp 39a10Wd pure sqn> s19tp2 0; uoRDaYE
Joa} steaq Ja~poyy "UreSe Sunesedas uarp ‘19419301 sAep 10 sINoY
jolag ‘ay e Surpuads ‘oun zySus ayp ae seaq ays1s ax Sunaou
jo JaNeW e UDYO s} BupeY "AEM sy UO UIBYD spuas ays
"umoud axe Aayp adu0 ang warp Suryoead apryas sqno z9y YIM

Samy pau :on] 4a3d0YyD

ppaen Aew satpow y ‘seypedo3 jaaen Ajares — (urede siayTeIg
steag

SPUD sns4aq s49u0T

39] axp no SurSuts oF am 2494) ssv9q Ze[Od 1daoxa

searly aq 02 pasoddns azam nok
iyBnoyp | -sOWNY TYeIND "Burppry wy ‘say -asaue WoY AaUOY
Surdooos yo Suey ap 398 3,u
snod ut sp2ap 2238 Aue pusyiod ou Aeur a] "2u0 Bunod ‘s1e9h

2 asn{ sSuyj8unod auzos — aanany

Om SUSE] IUBATT]ED UMO INOA 41 SuTe JJosINOA aA13 3,0]

1] se 1uawasnute [erUaiod Jay saseazaUT ang ‘uapaNg s9y
sa]qnop uonoaap sty J "sqn2.oma uo aye jm UeRL-ung B*(ApuazaZ
auinb jun aouaund20 aver &) punoze o8 o2 sJOIUIW YSNoUa
uaz a19qp pue yea s} pasu ay) axayM ‘sase> aWIOS UT "puLy
anod sage Yoo] 02 siayIysadeys s9y0 10 NoIeD) Jo adas e's, 9194p jt
4saq Spom sty — seak saYye awa srE9qazaM BuNOA 01 ueel-uNg se
9419501 Japyo ul kare ayt2adseBuNDa10Id dn 9A18.01 9s004> [YEING)
Auewi ‘uosear sup 404 "]!dnd Jay Jo sauaAodsIp pue sonuE ay
shofua ays se siapuom §,e1eC) UL ays] 9p ay]PITyo asowye Or WMA
& pue asodind jo yemaual e spuy Aljensn osye ays ‘ssausnoyas 1s0U

an ayp yaun Aaypgisuodsay sup ean ueef-ung ap apy
jidind yueriodun Jay 205 uoHnNsuT yo asiNoD asaq IY 0 se
Joya ap Yplm siazuoD OYM Jap]a s9tpoURJ0 Ueef-LNg ayp IaUII

ny pajeanas aq Aew sarunsap Yang "uuopad or uodn pajye> 2q

|]! 24 se snonpre Apse|Moned & 30} seoqazom Bunod e Susedoad

jo asodind yp soaias a1 uayo ‘sone s,jidnd say 20 Sury>van

say Jaypia isurese ays # se YAS OUST sTY | "sIeIA. OMI 1 pPUAIXd OI

sp2au Suryseai jo pouad aup weyp s1aA0gstp ays ‘A}]eUOISeI9C)
2q10 sty jo raquiout [pry e se 9ouRIdaDde s1y 105 wy soredaid

pur yyesnc arp jo shew aya Ur UY sionnsu ays YoryN SuLNp


77

JaYIO UA] AA "PAISN]OXaIYp I, uase 9A ""VAIP|IYD adueYyD 1240 40
PUPY INO Jo syatPO 99UI J9AIU aM URDU 3,USIOP aUOTE SUIIg

0} DARY 3,US9OP ays JI IYSY ¥ UF paajoaut 193 02 JeIqazaM B
Jo} ews ArdA 2,ust Isnf a] "$9jor Suyjeay 40 SuMNu ut sn puy
uayo sow Nok AYM saeY], "s9A]sINO Ing asja auOdUE SUTysU
2,uaze om ‘aUT] ayp UO aL Ind am UAY,A "Je Ie YOddns ou ALY
3a UaIJo ISO "sn. 10} SuapINg ay Japjnoys or Apeas suoTuedUIOD
JO [ny sadas pue syped jo Ainxny atp aaey a,uop ayy "auUoTe
AIEM [YeIND asour "mou Aq pa9yreS Aiqeqoud aA,nok sy

auojyy

aU ESTP 3,UOG] "Mou IYBH AOU ‘ONY

Ajantjod yse nox 41 ‘Aepautos Asors au NOA
1}22 |]. Sdeqaag [a1 aaarjaq ued nod pt ‘noseE ajqesoUoY ue pue
peop 3upjjem aya jo auo yaim $9270} paurol Ayaug 22u0 jjaskus

Appinb Apres sxojoo ann s19y2 Moys Aljensn AyuoN aude
OYM asoyL] "WRAY AsN{ eB puE pur Jeaz> eB YIN suoTURdWOD
jenuaiod anoA auturexa pu asou and asp) -sayat9 JOO} ayp 19e
3,UOp 3g *aSpn{ or y>Inb oor aq 3, uo] "aaMeU }Dadsaz Oy eu
asoyp suede Surpou aay | pue ‘2anead Ajasuauunt aq ue] —
WHO} [BUNTY UO dye) OYM asoUp ApE|NoKIZed — dey ay Jo aWIOS
suaddey 19494 11 Nod |]91 Stapf ayp 19] 2; UOC] "s9INyeaID jeMIEU
sadns **-49420 Yat Jo SUBWAY yoFUTY-UOU BIA pajaaen aay
aM SAUD MA} aU Aue ‘a]qISsod |]}S Ing ‘UOUIUIOD ssa] Jey

419 ayp Sunsta uaya auoY Ie UPy seAq atp 2Ae2]

M1 AARY |,NOA ‘suOsear snorAgo Joy Ang ‘sBuNIVs sseWIAp]M Ul
‘uewiny pur zag Yaog 'YOFUrY YHA awn UdYO UeD |YEIND y
JOFUY{ Ao YL 20 wWaxp YALA 3>e797UT 02 sn JOF VOU ISON
st 1] asne2aq suey "speaig SuSueys ayo Jo [YBN saya
{aim sayiedor Surpueg inoge uaxods Apsour 90,7 MOUY |

sSuypueassapunsyu ur 380] 30U st a2vad Je Os sI>yRO ay

pueyssapun 02 pou rysry aup ‘sn Suowe aoead atp Surdaay yam
paaieyp asoup se pue ‘saajasino 34312 1 Surop |ns axe am
JL aptoap sn sdjay sureye syayp appuey siadueys s9yi0 Moy gee
Suseapy ye saYe ‘wWog-rs1y §,e1eD aue 9M pur ‘saepuNoG

a

satgads ss019 sme] 2WOg "]}om Se SIaTUEYD 19420 104 ng ‘sn

JO} SME}

seid yaidiaqut pue axepronye Ajuo 0u Ady | "suon
aesarut dnoad 40} suoseas sup 2aey TYsry 9y2 U9Aq
s910} 8 uosiod 40 urEIUNOU e Ids 02 2020} 2anINNSep
yanoua yams yayurn Auiys auios pue xeIOD aanisinbse ue

uaamiag pur

8 01 Surp Ajuo ayp aq 01 UNO U99q
S.4aty) ¥ "Spuey ajqisuodsout ut 40 popuaneun 4a] 9q 02 sno
sagluep 001 9q 1y81un eUp sea8 eoBeuL 10 saysTay Suppors seaze

By WOpsia

snosaSuep o1ut aajep ayo Ady | "]NI90 ay Ut IsazaIUT JAY
oy szatpo utof Yary a¢p JeUp astuduns ou se auloo pynoys 3]
pug ssaSueyp poxrur & jo wed e aprym preay ay Sayer at
uo paseg eles 9]04m & UNUM sey ‘AepeLay yoeqypeEIg "Ieqnloy,
UMOUY 389q INO JO BUG "sPAJ9sINO pu sIayIO tog jo Sut
purasiopun sauod ‘kes Aatp ‘a8pajmouy yons wos, ~ppom ap
uo siy3noyp soup Jeay pur soos soup Zed] suaSuIsIE2 pue
siyeuuos sno ‘s193ueYD J9yI0 ay Jo sayaND a~p ut Suaow

‘ayung "sauows pur sSuos pjo soy Suryprwas aprym s19yI0 Woy
uoddns poou vu eqnfoy *}}am se sdnosB u1of 01 uaTUZAUOD
4 puy Aw pyeuND Japjo ‘uourWOD ssa] st 1 YyBNoYy
youid & ut Uo J] UeD duo saqTE
aaey 02 Suny J9A9U 2! HeWZL) Ue sUTeUIAZ 3Y URUp J98UO] 10}
[yesNg sejnoNZed e Adn200 2,uop AjjeNsn sysea YRS a]14 Ah °S20}
s9ySN01 UO 24e2 07 Awe |]eUNs e p9aU AEW SIOYAC ‘saIMIeDI> pue


2 eames can Ree PERS Sth nrcertenh com sen patepemncmnn imee

Sane he

Gurahl enter ourterritory, we generally know it fairly quickly. We
don't immediately rush out to give battle, but we don't always
hurry out to greet them either. Smells and signs of foraging tell us
fairly accurately where the other one is and what she's up to. If
either of us wants to meet with the other, we can scratch out a
message ona tree or follow ournoses until we get close tothe other
Gurahl. Once in the neighborhood, so to speak, it's considered
polite to sit down and ask permission to approach.

Other Changers are welcome depending on their type and
what they want. Nuwisha and Corax are okay by me; even certain
tribes of Garou are fine, so longas they aren't there to try to take
over, Any of the others, I'd want to know what they were doing
in my protected realm. Still, we rarely have a problem with those
who just pass through, or even some of our kin who take up
residence nearby. We just aren't territorial like the werewolves.

You know Gurahl are seriously angry though whenever we
actually engage in battle, because we're our own army. Every
one of us is forward scout, general, combat troops and medical
corps all rolled into one being. Besides, it has to take a lot to
motivate us to battle, because we know that if we get our asses
kicked, there's nobody else to pick up the pieces.

That's the drawback to being alone, but there are advan-
tages. Sometimes it's exhilarating to be on your own, the only
large creature for miles. You can enjoy both the silences and
sounds of Gaia's creation without having to politely acknowl-
edge someone else's inane yapping and chattering. You can go
where you want to go without having to consult a carload of
friends who each need to make "just a short trip to the
whatever" first. You make your own hours, getting up with the
sun, going to bed with the moon. You don't have to dress if you
don't feel like it. Finally, if there's something you have to do,
you have the satisfaction of accomplishing it on your own.
Likewise, if you fail, you've no one to blame but yourself.

Many of us become so accustomed to being alone that it's
sometimes hard for us to return to our social sides. There are
tales of Gurahl who upon meeting hikers or campers, turned
and fled rather than having to remember how to speak the
language. Personally, I think that's taking things a little too far.
When you don't remember how to be human, you need to
indulge in a little interaction. That either means joining a
group, taking on the role of mentor, or attending a meeting. Of
the choices, going to a meeting is probably the most nerve-
jangling in the short run.

The Settled Among Us

Now that you know withouta doubt that we live alone and
travel alone, I'm going to tell you about how much hogwash
that is. Now don't get difficult. These are still exceptions to the
tule, but many of us adopt this lifestyle for at least part of our
lives. So don't feel like you have to be the Lone Ranger type all
the time, because it just ain't so, paleface.

This next thing may be hard for you to understand, but here
goes. Some of us do take lifemates. Not exclusive breeding
partners, but bears or Kinfolk with whom we take up residence for
a good portion of the time. This is something of a new thing for
us, though it was once more common in ancient times. Back in
those days, people (at least the ones we usually associated with)
thought nothing of the strong hairy man who came home once

every few months to visit his wife and children or the bear-wife
who traveled far from home and came back with a cub by herside.
Things were different then.

During the years we went into hiding, that practice all but
ceased. We dared not expose our Kinfolk to the Garou's claws by
living with them or even visiting them openly. | guess you could
say that the settled home life was based more on our human side
than the bear instincts. After all these years, some of us are trying
torevive the custom of keepinga normal home and devoting part
of our time to our families, but during the intervening years,
we've become accustomed to the ursine way of life.

Still, even though we aren't exclusive when it comes to
mating, we care very deeply about our husbands and wives, and
we make devoted parents. Many of us give up several years to
remaining "human" in order to raise our non-Gurahl children.
As our mates are invariably Kinfolk, they don't berate us when
we decide to leave. They knowas wellaswedo that we wouldn't
go if someone else didn't need us more than they did.

While foreign to the ursine Gurahl who make up the
majority of our numbers, this practice allows many of our homid
siblings a stability that many of them find lacking in a solitary
existence. Since they are more used to a settled home life, they
respond better to having a home and family they can live with or
visit when the mood strikes them. We have found, in fact, that
more homid Gurah! are now being born among us, an occurrence
that might be related to this lifestyle.

Meetings

Several kinds of meetings attract our interest despite our
rumored solo natures. Such meetings range from a chance
encounter to organized get-togethers held with specific pur-
poses in mind. Most of these types of meetings have been
revitalized during the last century, as enough of us are now
awake to make meetings of more than four Gurahl possible.

Sometimes.

Fests

Did you hear the one about the two werebears? They high-fived
as they crossed paths on a barren mountain top, and they called it a
wild revel

— Nuwisha witticism

Jokes aside, whenever two Gurahl meet, you have the
makings of a fest. A small one, but a fest, nonetheless. Most often
fests occur when a handful of Gurahl decide on a place and time
to meet. We hold them for numerous reasons, and they can
happen at almost any time. Sometimes, we just want a little
company. Occasionally, we pass along news to those who patrol
more remote areas. Most often, we look for opportunities to
introduce our new cubs to others who can give them a different
perspective. But there's almost always news toshare in this world.

Sometimes fests are held in honor of events which have great
impact on our Kinfolk, such as the salmon run (an absolute
necessity for certain of our bear kins' survival) or to celebrate the
harvest. Then we combine fishing or harvesting with talk, feasting
and showing one another the creations we've been working on
during the year. Fests become like miniature art fairs when that

41


pens, Some share stories or poems, others reveal the carvings
they've been making. Everyone has something she's in the process
of creating ora finished work to show off. Sometimes, we trade our
handiwork for other items made by those talented in areas we lack
This necklace I wear was made by my friend Jeremy Nimble-talon.
I gave him an embroidered belt in return

Fests provide us with a chance to see friends we don't often

the need f

meet, some much-needed relaxation (with«
more formal and ritualized behavior expected at Regalia or

Council) and the opportunity to show off our talents. All but

the most insular werebears love attending fests. They're a
luxury we won't be able to afford forever.

Regalia (Tribal Gatherings)

ach of our tribes hold meetings that most members try to
attend if they can. All are held in late spring once we are assured
that our bear kin are off to a good start for the year. We hold
Regalis

in hidden areas far from civilization to lessen the chance

less humans will unwittingly intrude. Gurahl come from
nd wide to meet with others of the tribe and discuss problems
re all facing. For example, the River Keepers may hold long
discussions, receive reports and make plans to deal with the
pollution of rivers where salmon runs provide the tribe members
and their bear kin with food. The Mountain Guardians may meet
in regards to stopping clear-cutting in wildemess areas they call

their own. Ice Stalkers may decide on the best course of action to
stop seal hunting by everyone but native tribes so that their polar
bear kin don't starve. Certainly, the failure of the white acom

42

Gurahl

crop and how to supplement their black bear kin's diets will be of
great concer to the Forest Walkers this year

Regalia are formal affairs, with ritual and ceremony at
tached to everything from greeting one another properly t
presenting arguments in council. At each Regalia, a leader
(facilitator might be a better word since it lacks the connota
tion of having the final say in things) is chosen to oversee the
next one. A few particularly charismatic folks are chosen more
than once, but we generally share the burden fairly evenly

Did I say burden? I meant "honor," of course. What do you

mean, "Are you an Arcas?" Whatever gave you that idea? Listen

to what I'm saying, or I'll make you chase your tail

One of the most stirring spectacles during the Regalia is
the tribal version of the Dance of Creation. You haven't really
seen it until you've attended a Regalia and seen the costumes
and facepaint of the participants. Each handmade costume
carries the traditional colors in feathers, beadwork and embroi
dery, but each isan individual expression of its wearer. Facepaint
is also governed by individual inspiration. Aside from the

traditional patterns depicting

rth, air, fire, water and spirit,
the intricate designs convey the story of that particular Gurah's
life and deeds. Often, you can tell what rank another Gurahl is
simply by looking at how ornate her dancing costume and paint
are. Many choose to show their affinity for a chosen auspice by
utilizing a particular color as the background hue in their
regalia — yes, that's why we call the meeting by that name
White stands for Arcas, black for Uzmati, blue for Kojubat, red
for Kieh and green for the Rishi. Got that?


We don't display our works during Regalia, but we often
exchange gifts with special friends. In addition, during the
mornings, many of our greatest crafters hold informal classes to
teach their skills to others. First-year artworks by those who were
presented as new cubs at last year's Council of Autumn are judged
by older crafters who work in the same medium. While there is
some amount of criticism involved, the usual intention is to
encourage the younger artist and help her learn new techniques
Naturally, new
dery, feathering and beadwork are much sought after at this time

alents in leatherworking, cloth dyeing, embroi-

Regalia is traditionally a festival of good cheer, and many of
the elder
otherconcems. I'll tell you this, though: Many of us younger sorts,
those born in this century, feel you can't ignore the opportunity
to further our most serious duties at this time. The world is a very
bad place right now, so you'll see some folks at Regalia who dance
and exchange art and drink and laugh — but have shadows in
their eyes, and talk quietly amongst themselves when the sun's far
behind the horizon.

Aside from the more serious concerns of Regalia, we
welcome this tribal gathering as a time to renew our ties with
old friends and to meet new Kinfolk. Lots of rituals for finding
the optimal mate are held during Regalia! It'sa time of feasting,
when each of us shows off her best new recipes — and let me
give youa warning, young one —don't trust anything from old
Uncle Ironjaw's table. He's our resident good-time Charlie
with his peyote muffins and mushroom-cactus root tea. It'll
have you dancing, all right.

continue on with their planning as if there were no

Powwows
Ontertribal Celebrations)

Summer signals the time for powwows, where Gurahl from
different tribes meet, feast, show off their best works and tell
one another the epic story cycles of each tribe. There's usually
a lot of music, but never any dancing; it's shameful to dance
before the other tribes. Damn those that made itso, and the hell
if | care saying so!

Although there are several powwows, each lasting a few
days, most Gurahl attend only one or two during this time. No
werebear has such a safe, easily protected area that she can
afford to be away from it for several weekends.

That sounds a little like we have hundreds of us out there,
doesn't it? Actually, a large powwow usually draws 10 to 20
Gurahl at most, along with a couple dozen Kinfolk. Smaller
‘ones may top out at a dozen people; from what I heard, there
were maybe four powwows in all the Americas last year. Four.
Still, we enjoy one another's company, and we hope to increas
as more of you new Gurahl are born.

Sometimes it seems like we know all the faces, even at
gatherings far from our usual range. When that's not the case,
powwows give us the chance to make friends with new members
of other tribes, exchange viewpoints and lear less familiar
stories. Although we all enjoy having achance to gather together
without needing to discuss serious matters, the ones who really
thrive on powwows are the Ice Stalkers. They always seem to
know instinctively which powwows will be the most fun, or

Chapter Two: Painted Faces 43


maybe they bring it with them. If you're planning on attendinga

midsummer revel, you could do worse than follow the white fur
brigade headed toward a particular party

Council of Auturnn
(The Great Council)

The Council of Autumn is our most important gathering
of the year. It too brings together all the tribes, but this time for
serious purposes. The Great Council, made up of all the eldest
from the four tribes holds sessions to hear grievances, rule on
matters of import to all Gurahl and welcome new cubs into our
society. Though
meet. Some have no interest in making their views heard;

all Gurahl are welcome, not all choose to

others feel it is foolish for us to leave so many places unguarded
to hold such an affair every year

Unlike the powwows, everything at the Council of Autumn
is governed by ritual. We enter the grounds where it is held only
after undergoing a ritual cleansing, and then we always approach
from the direction associated with our tribe. Ice Stalke
north, River Keepers from the south, Forest Walkers from the
east, Mountain Guardians from the west. Each tribe claims
territory within the meeting grounds in those quadrants and sets
up living quarters to last for the duration of the Council

from the

By tradition, on the first night of the Council, the Ice
Stalkers host the River Keepers at a feast while the Mountain
Guardians welcome the Forest Walkers in the same manner.

Noreal businessisconducted before the feasts
~ When the mes

pe

| is over, the new cubs from

ee 1 gf EAM PLT EAT SO PELE

all the tribes are sent into the central area of the encampment,
where they undergo a further cleansing ritual to prepare them
tomeet their elders. Onceall are ready, criers move through the

camp summoning everyone into the cleared area of the Great
Council Ring. The four chosen elders, each representing one
tribe, welcome usz

with the call to a song in praise of Gaia.

and officially open the Council of Autumn

ch representative goes toa tribe that is nother own and
asks a blessing over all members of that tribe. When that is
done, we send up a roaring summons for the new cubs. They
enter the center of the circle and stand before the chosen four
Each speaks her name and also names her Buri-Jaan, formally
thanking her mentor for teaching her. Once the tribes have
heard their names, the new cubs spr
dance the Dance of the Centuries for the assembled tribes. This
is both a great joy to us — to see our ways passed down toa new
generation — and a terrible sadness, for v

outacross the circle and

remember the

shame that the humans inflicted on our kin.

When the dance is concluded,
recite the Code of Ursa. After the recitation, the four chosen
elders go to each new cub.

ach cub is required to

The first elder gives the cub a small cup of honey mead
while saying, "I give you the fruit of Gaia's creation."

The second elder rakes her claws across the cub's bare arm,
saying, "I give you the pain of the world, that you may feel the
suffering of others."

The third elder places his hands over the new-made
wounds, soothing them with healing balm while saying, "I give

you the gift of healing. Use it wisely to cure

the pains of others."
Ld
?


!

cam eI SAL

Finally, the fourth elder gives each cubasprigofevergreen
saying, "I give you this symbol of eternity. When all other trees
are brown, it keeps its greenery. When lands are plowed under
or burnt over, the first tree to return is the evergreen. Keep this
and know who you are. Now you are Gurahl."

The whole camp rejoices and welcomes the new cubs into
our midst. We tell songs and stories late into the night, and then
wesleep.

Each succeeding night, a new tribe hosts a different one
until all have been hosts to one another. During the days, the
Council meets. Since we have no king and no tribal leaders
beyond those whose rank accords them the courtesy of listening
to them, the Council decides things by accord. If the majority
of those present believe something to be a good idea, then we
adopt that policy. Dissenters are given a year — until the next
Council of Autumn — to come up with convincing arguments
why we should not. After that time, if the majority still feel we
should do whatever it is, we put the practice into effect.

Not everyone wants to attend Council; those who do not
occupy their time with creating art, cooking for the feasts, caring
for any cubs too young to be presented and sharing stories. Even
this routine has the feel of ritual, however, for there are certain
times set aside for performing these chores and recreations —
mostly so that rambunctious singing or play cannot distract or
disrupt the Council. When the Council is over, we all depart,
each returning to our protected area revitalized and connected
with others of our kind for another year.

Great Grandparent's
Summoning

This meeting is the rarest kind we have, and it happens
only in the greatest emergencies. Should news reach the Great
Grandparent of some terrible calamity that the werebears
might avert or help fight, she mystically sends out a summons
to all Gurahl — asleep or awake — to join her ata certain spot
prepared to defend Gaia's creations. To the death if need be.
When we receive the summons, we gather our healing para-
phernalia, take up whatever weapons we have and answer.

There is no hanging back and assessing the situation. Ifa Great
Grandparent calls, the event is both urgent and potentially
deadly. The last summons came when the Storm Eater took
shape and was loosed in the Umbra. The next, | fear, will be
when the Final Battle itself begins.

Tribes

‘We Gurahl recognize four primary tribes; with afew localized
offshoots or extinct groupings. Membership in a werebear tribe
does not necessarily relate to a Gurahl's racial background or
Kinfolk species; instead, it describes or acknowledges the
individual's affinity with and dedication toa particular geographic
feature. This preference manifests in the tribal names: River
Keepers, Mountain Guardians, Forest Walkers, Ice Stalkers.

Because there are so few Gurahl in the world today, tribal
affiliations often come about out of necessity rather than by
predetermined conditions such as ethnic heritage or place of
birth. Our most generous speculations put the total werebear
population (not counting those still sleeping in the Umbra or
in hidden Dens) at somewhere ‘around 200 — less than any
single Garou tribe. For this reason, new cubs tend to gravitate
toward the tribe that needs them most and for which they feel
the strongest kinship. This fluidity provides us with both
advantages and disadvantages.

On the plus side, we stand a reasonable chance of keeping
the tribes we have from dying out, like some of the forgotten
Gurahl tribes. If the Mountain Guardians need bolstering, the
chances are good that some young werebear will discover that
he belongs with the Guardians. On the minus side, we don't
have the strong sense of tribal identity of other Changing
Breeds such as the Garou or the Bastet. Of course, when you
come to think about it, our lack of cliquishness may not be such
a disadvantage after all.

So, here are the four main tribes of Gurahl — who they are,
where they live, where they come from and what they do. Ican't
vouch that everything I say about each tribe is absolutely
accurate or unbiased, but I hope I can give you a clear picture
of each group.

45

|

Sere rere era care nero Arr Snares smnarwremsmnrarenseh)\

story about their purpose in Gaia's scheme of thi

When the Gurahl arrived in the Pure Lands,
rivers or mountains. Some Gurahl, however, found
great forests that blanketed the New World, taking.
exploring the leafy fortresses that provided shelter from the weal
and supplied a wide variety of fruits, nuts, grubs and other
morsels. The humans who accompanied these forest-bound Guff
seitled just outside the forest, while the bear-folk made theiy,Héme
within the forests' depths.

Pretty soon, the Gurahl of the forest noticed that their bear-kin
‘were undergoing a transformation, growing smaller and darker with
each generation until many of them became completely black.

"Why is this happening?" the forest Gurahl asked the bears.

"For protection," the bears answered.

Atthe same time, the Gurahl perceived that the humans seldom
came into the forest anymore, even to hunt or gather berries

"Why is this happening?" the forest Gurahl asked the humans

"For protection," the humans answered.

"Protection from what?" the Gurahl asked both humans and
bears.

"From the killing shadows that hide beneath the forest floor and
lurk high in the branches of the tallest, darkest trees," both humans
and bears answered as one.

The oldest and wisest of the forest Gurahl, a venerable Rishi
named Kari Woodsinger, decided to get to the bottom of the danger
that threatened those who dwelled in and around the forests. She
summoned all the werebears who cherished the woodlands to a
council and gave them their marching orders. By ones and twos and,
sometimes by threes, she sent them out to explore every tree, every
cave and every hidden place within the forests of the Pure Lands.

For seven cycles of the seasons, the Gurahl tramped through the
forests. In most places, they found nothing unusual. In other places,
however, the Gurahl discovered nests and hives of monstrous
creatures, misshapen and Bane-ridden. For seven more cycles,
battles raged throughout the woodlands, as the Gurahl fought the
horrors that had secretly terrorized the humans and bears under
Gaia's protection.

Finally, though at great cost to the Gurahl of the forest, the
creatures of the Patter Breaker fell to the werebears' onslaught.

"We have driven away the shadows," the Gurahl told the
humans and the bears. "The forests belong to you once again."

"What if these hideous things return?" the bears and humans
wanted to know. "How can we be sure that the forests will remain
safe for us?"

Kari Woodsinger answered with this reply: "The forests will
stay safe because we will make certain that the foul things do not
retum. From this time onward, we will walk the forest paths and

46
a

that does not belong there." She looked at the
‘our smaller size and dark color suit you well,
»" she said. "From now on, the forests will
black bears, for that is how you will be known." Kari
d her attention to the humans. "The forest will once again
‘you with meat and other foods," she said, "but we will teach
soundlessly within the woods, so that you need not fear
Phe JOU steps will attract the attention of those who might do
you harm. tame...
From that time onward, the Gurahl who cleansed the forests of
their malignant shadows took the name Forest Walkers, to remind
them of their duty.

Cribal Background

More than any other Gurahl tribe did, the Forest Walkers
had their origins in the Pure Lands. Though some of them lived
in the great forests of the Pacific Northwest, the majority of
them settled in the eastern woodlands of North America as well
asin the rainforests of Central America and Mexico. Wherever
they set up residence and staked out lands to protect, the Forest
Walkers involved themselves intimately with the lives of their
human and bear Kinfolk, teaching them all manner of skills
that enabled them to prosper in their woodland homes.

With the coming of the Europeans, the Forest Walkers
and their Native American Kinfolk suffered the earliest on-
slaught of European expansion. Some Forest Walkers joined
the Croatan in sacrificing themselves to banish Eater-of-Souls
from the Pure Lands. The Walkers worked alongside the
Uktena Garou to protect both Gurahl and Garou Kinfolk from
the American troops who came to relocate them in the 1800s.
In some cases, the Forest Walkers placed their Kinfolk in
hibernation within the Umbra, enabling them to escape notice
and re-emerge after the initial wave forced migrations. A few
Forest Walkers accompanied their Cherokee kin on the Trail
of Tears, helping to ease the suffering of that long and tortuous
march to "Indian Territory."

Many of the Walkers grew disheartened at the damage
done to the Pure Land by the European settlers. Like so many
Gurahl, they withdrew into their Dens and blocked out the
tides of "progress" that flooded the lands they had worked so
hard to cleanse.

In recent years, the Forest Walkers have returned to a
world bereft of most of their Kinfolk. They now work hard at
revitalizing their breeding stock and recouping their losses.
Walkers have involved themselves in human affairs whenever
possible, though they try not to call attention to their presence,
preferring — like most Gurahl — to act behind the scenes.
Participating in civil rights and Indian rights movements,
aiding in environmental restoration programs and working to

Gurahl

nen ei /

|


2 amr eevee reer aan a SR HL amneernic 2 eet epcaaniermarccacsemmttinh

restore the black bear population has brought the Forest Walk Culture and Kinfolk

ets into contact with many humans and other Changing
Breeds, breaking a centuries-long pattem of isolationism. Like Ta Ble bess SF ORR: Aseria foam the backbone'ot
other Gurahl, the Forest Walkers prepare for the Apocalypse 3 as : iy
hie fnvaialinth. ba Ac: efor the Apocalypse, the Forest Walkers' ursine Kinfolk network, but the Walkers
pe hae eh ting as many stories as also draw members from grizzly, brown and polar bear stock. In
possible in the hopes that some of them may contain informa-

South America, the spectacled bears have provided the Walk
tion that will prove

eful in defeating the Wyrm's armies.

Home Cerritories

The most
versatile of
the Gurahl
in terms of
their habitat,
the Forest Walk-
ers range across the
dth of the United

States as

ers with a few precious Gurah! — harbingers of a new lease on
breeding stock or else the last contributions of a dying species

While homid Forest Walkers used to
come almostexclusively from Native Ameri
can Kinfolk families, in the 20th century,
the Walkershave embraced A frican-Ameri
cans, Hispanic and European ethnic groups,
drawing on the available human population as

resources for the future. Though not native to
the rest of the world, the Forest Walkers have
recently begun to.rravel to Europe and Asia

bre:

well as into in the hope of increasing their numbers

Mexico and parts of before it is too late.

Canada. They have intro- ‘More so than any other

-Gurahl tribe, the Forest
Walkers cherish
storytelling as the su
preme form of art

duced themselves into the
diminishing forests of Eu-
rope,and they have also

traveled to Y

istry, as well as a

prime source of
collecting and
dispersing in
formation and
cultural iden.

make alliances
with the local
Changing
Breeds (prima-
rily the Bastet)
in the hopes of

tity. Nothing

pleases a Forest

Walker more
than gathering to:
gether a few mas-
ter storytellers and
sharing tales with

acquiring new
Kinfolk to bol-
ster their ranks.
Finally, they. are
making tentative
efforts toenter Asia

one another. In fact,
the highlight of any
* council of Forest

and begin breeding
Walkers is the

with the native.
storytelling "olio," in

which each participant
tells his or her favorite
tale. Storytelling competi-
tions serve as occasions for
awarding Renown among the

bears there such as
the speceacled
bear, but they are
stymied by the in-
explicable clannish-
ness of the native
hengeyokai, whoseem to f
prefer the company of
Eastern Garou to that of
Western Gurahl.

Stories, in fact, serve as
h younger Walkers
the ways of the Gurahl and the

traditions and ceremonies of the
tribe. In the Gurahl dialect spo-
ken by the Forest Walkers among
themselves, the word "Buri-Jaan"
translates as "Giver of Stories."


|

ee 7 Ae

Cribal Organization

Unlike the River Keepers and Mountain Guardians, For-
est Walkers tend to form small groups (usually two or three
individuals) for mutual support. They regularly attend council
nd powwows, since they enjoy the ch
their stories and learn new ones. As with other Gurahl, Forest
Walkers revere their elders and heed their advice while still
maintaining an independence of action.

Strengths and Weaknesses

© Storytelling Expertise: Forest Walkers grow up on
stories and develop a facility for remembering and telling
stories. They begin witha free dot of Performance (emphasis on
storytelling).

* Easily Distracted by Tales: The lure of a good story has
led many Forest Walkers away from more immediate and
important pursuits. Only a concerted effort of will can keep a
Forest Walker from veering from a chosen course of action
when confronted by the possibility ofan intriguing new story or
a new version of a beloved fable — or a deed that might make
a fascinating new saga if the Gurahl survives it....

Appearance

Most ursine Forest Walkers resemble their bear parent in
their natural form. When they take Homid form, they appear

48

Stereotypes

* Ice Stalkers: We don't see enough of our northern
brothers and sisters. Any chance we get to trade stories with
them and share information is grounds for celebration.

* Mountain Guardians: Sometimes the Guardians
play a little too rough for our tastes. We don't shirk from
a fight when one is necessary, but these bears define
"macho," male and female alike!

© River Keepers: We think they don't know how to
enjoy themselves. Their dignity too often gets in their way.
Otherwise, they make good allies and enjoy our stories.

as small, stocky individuals, usually with black, dark brown or
auburn hair and features copied from the local human popula-
tion. Homid Forest Walkers come in all colors and ethnic
variations, but most of them retain a smaller-than-average (for
a werebear) size. The ursine form of human-born Walkers
usually resembles the black bear so often associated with them.

Quote

Ifa tree falls in the forest, youcan be sure that one of us will hear
its death cry and avenge it.


Serre nner FR AS ma sa mean rom om amma

Ice Stalkers often tell this story at the beginning g
the endless night that claims their frozen lands for ha
about thoughts of darker times. Hush, listen andr

Gaia's first-born cried out to Ursa and the Great Mother
delivery. Asifin answer to their pleas, many Gurahlhad dreap@
visions of a vast new land that lay just beyond the rising sun' A wide
stretch of icy water separated that haven from the rest of the world,
however, and the Children of Bear despaired of reaching it. Never-
theless, they trusted in their visions and set out, along with their
Kinfolk —and a few Garou who, like them, were sick of fighting —
to find the way to safety.

When the Gurahl finally reached the shore, they took one look
at the expanse of dark, choppy waters laden with treacherous ice floes
and lost faith.

"How will we reach this place that Gaia has promised us? If we
try to cross the icy water, we will die of cold long before we drown."

Tt was then that Sedna Stalks-the-Glacier, a Kojubat Gurahl
known for her love of winter and her talent for crafting images made
of snow, felt the loving caress of Ursa's paw within her spirit. "I know
away," she said, "but it will take all of you to help me bring something
wonderful into being."

Her confidence inspired her companions and they listened toher
directions. With one heart, they began to build. As they labored,
Sedna sang to the ice and snow:

Grow strong and hard, find the spirit of stone within your
substance

Ice and snow, become as sturdy stone.

Her song calmed and fortified the icy chunks and mounds of
snow. Slowly, steadily, a bridge took shape. Sedna looked at the
rushing waters, and knew that unless they grew smooth and calm, the
new creation would collapse from the onslaught of the waves. Again
she sang, this time to the water:

Ease your troubled fury, find the spirit of ice within your
substance

Raging water, become as glassy ice.

Atthe sound of her voice, the water grew calm and still, making
a gentle murmur as the bridge of ice arose above it. With renewed
hopes, the Gurahl continued their labor. The bridge grew longer and
wider, and the refugees of the War of Rage took their first tentative
steps onto the bridge, following in the footsteps of its builders. Some
Gurahl had second thoughts about the precariousness of their
situation, spreading their fear among the humans and bears who
traveled with them. Sedna sang the third part of her song to her
brothers and sisters:

ams, find the spirit of the stalker within your

iers and sisters, become as bold stalkers.

afety and to a new home.

Cribal Background

Much of the history of the Ice Stalke
silence, buried in the heavy cracks of the frozen centuries and
hidden under the layers of snow that cover their icy homeland

Born in the northernmost parts of the habitable world, the
Ice Stalkers jealously guarded their stark and awe-inspiring
home from the Wyrm's corruption. Some Gurahl believe the
Stalkers called down the ice in the earliest times to freeze the
creatures of the Pattern Breaker into immobility, making them
easy prey for the werebears who hunted them and bound them.
Rumors persist that beneath the frozen waters of the Arctic,
Wyrm-creatures lie imprisoned in impenetrable fortresses of
ice.

lies frozen in

Those who assert that the Gurahl brought the Ice Age
upon the world may not be far from the truth; the Stalkers grow
silent whenever anyone suggests that they might have sum-
moned the great walls of moving ice as a means of cleansing the
earth and making the marks of the Wyrm more easily traceable
against the barren whiteness of ice and snow.

The Ice Stalkers were some of the first Gurahl to travel
across the land bridge (actually an ice bridge) to the Pure Lands.
Finding the land not so different from the icy regions of Siberia
and northern Russia, they liked what they saw and decided to
gono further than the glorious frozen lands that looked so much
like home.

Though the Ice Stalkers remained apart from most of
early human history, they served essential roles among the
Inuitand Aleut tribes of the North American Arctic as well
as the Yupik peoples of Siberia. Their primary concern
focused on their polar bear kin, however, strengthening the
species and overseeing the balance of nature in the far
north. The Stalkers kept a careful eye on the Wendigo
Garou, their closest neighbors among the Changing Breeds,
staying out of the paths of the fierce werewolves as much as
possible and ceding to them large portions of the polar
regions. Occasionally, an Ice Stalker traveled south, usu-
ally to meet with Gurahl from other tribes; thus, the
Stalkers did not remain ignorant of the course of history.
Their most frequent contact with humans other than the
tribes that lived in the polar regions consisted of encoun-
ters with seafaring hunters, who braved the icy waters of the

Chapter Two: Painted Faces 49

|


northern seas to hunt the great whales, seals and sea lions
for their meat and skins. These confrontations often ended
badly for the humans

Later, as whalers and other sea-going hunters developed
more sophisticated hunting methods and sturdier boats, the
Stalkers sometimes met their match — and the animals of the

northern ice suffered as a result.

Explorers and trappers arrived to stay in the 19th century.
Though the Ice Stalkers did not involve themselves as a tribe
in the battle against the Storm Eater, a few Stalkers joined with
the River Keepers and Mountain Guardians who assisted the
Garou in their efforts to contain that malevolent spirit.

The Alaskan gold rush brought an unwelcome prolifera-
tion of boom towns and mining centers to the lands

under the protection of the Ice Stalkers. a

Although they could not stem the on-

slaught of new arrivals to the far north

orprevent the eventual "civilization" of

that part of the world, the Ice Stalkers

did their part (along with the Wendigo)
to make certain that the intruders paid a
high price for their presence.

The discovery of oil in Alaska and the
lease of lands for the development of oil
fields solidified the presence not only of the
Tapestry Maker but also of the Pattern
Breaker. Pentex, which had quickly risen
in the 20th century as the primary arm
of the Wyrm in the physical world,
made inroads in the far north with
the construction of the Alaskan
pipeline and the rise of the gi-
ant oil tankers. The damage
caused by offshore oil
spills, whether acci-
dentalorarranged
by Pentex to
provide suit-

able habitats for the Wyrm's creatures, roused the Stalkers tonew
heights of Rage. The wrath of the Ice Stalkers soon came to equal
that of the Wendigo in both intensity and violence

Today, the Ice Stalkers work furiously to repair the damage

caused by human and supernatural opportunists, and to prevent

further corruption of the circum.

polar regions. Stalkers also
involve themselves in ef-
forts to protect the polar
bear population and
preserve the culture
and lifestyle of the in-
digenous human
peoples of the far
north. Although they |
have no contact with
their Siberian kin, the
Stalkers assume that
their tribemates in
Eurasia are doing the
same.

|

came a ISA

Some Ice Stalkers believe that the first battle of the
Apocalypse will take place on the periphery of civilization in
the deceptive and forbidding lands of the frozen north. If that
happens, the Stalkers plan to be the first to meet the Wyrm's
armies.

Home Cerritories

The citcumpolar regions of the far north make up the harsh
and demanding homelands of the Ice Stalkers. Lately, the
Stalkers have tried to expand their territories to the warmer
climes of Canada and Scandinavia. One or two daring members
of the Stalkers have visited Antarctica in hopes of learning what
lies buried beneath the ice there, butthey have made noattempt
to transfer any of their Kinfolk to the southem polar regions.

Culture and Kinfolk

The Ice Stalkers have the most homogeneous breeding
stock of any of the Gurahl. Most of their ursine Kinfolk come
from the polar bears, although occasionally a brown bear or
grizzly's cub grows to join the Ice Stalkers. Human Kinfolk,
while still primarily drawn from the Inuit and other tribes of the
far north, now come from many different ethnic groups as the
Stalkers, like the other Gurahl tribes, try to grow more numer-
ous. Currently, most Ice Stalkers come from ursine Kinfolk.

The cultural lives of the Ice Stalkers reflect their isolated
existence in a land composed of ice, snow, glaciers, frozen
waters and still more ice. The Stalkers excel at hunting and ice
fishing. Although the Stalkers are technically omnivores,
capable of eating most kinds of food, the scarcity of fruits, grains
and vegetables in the Arctic forces them to take most of their
nourishment from animal flesh.

Stalkers, like'their polar bearkin, have highly inquisitive
natures and a tendency to engage in aggressively impulsive
behavior. They anger quickly, and they find many ingenious
ways to express their resehtment or dislike. Their curiosity
seems to have no limits, and often they poke their noses into
anything that piques their interest, regardless of the conse-
quences. They make good gossips and informants, since they
greet every person they meet with a thousand impertinent
questions and don't give up until they have gotten the an-
swers. One of their own stories explains how the Stalkers got
their inquisitiveness —along with their impulse to share their
discoveries — from an encounter with Raven. The tales are
ambiguous as to whether Raven cursed them or blessed them
with this quality. Their curiosity sometimes gets the Stalkers
into trouble, such as when their enthusiasm over some new
discovery leads to a sudden shift into Ursus or Bjornen form in
order to unearth some buried object without making certain
that there are no humans nearby to witness their transforma-
tion. They rely too heavily on the Delirium and on the human
knack for rationalizing away the miraculous or the supernatu-
ral to protect them — which doesn't always work.

The Ice Stalkers have developed a strong artistic streak,
even more than most Gurahl. Accustomed to wasting nothing,
the Stalkers fashion intricate jewelry or useful items from the
tusksand bones of the animals they kill for food. Theirscrimshaw

Chapter Two: Painted Faces

I ET EE ET

work brings them great Renown at powwows and festivals
Many Stalkers create art from their environment, sculpting ice
or building huge snow statues in the frozen wastes.

Cribal Organization

More so than most Gurahl, the Ice Stalkers gather in
groups, sometimes with as many as four or five Stalkers making
up a semi-permanent "family unit." Frequently, an Ice Stalker
Buri-Jaan keeps her cubs with her for two or three years, tomake
certain that the new Gurahl know how to survive in the
treacherous Arctic lands. They congregate more than any
other tribe.

Strengths and Weaknesses

* Artistic Ability: The Ice Stalkers have an innate talent
for making beautiful things. They receive a free dot in Crafts at
character creation.

* Insatiable Curiosity: When confronted by a puzzle or
enigma, Stalkers have a hard time resisting the urge to investi-
gate it further. This penchant for distraction can posea problem
when more important matters require their immediate atten-
tion.

Appearance

Most Stalkers come from polar bear stock and resemble
their ursine parent; those who come from other bear species, of
course, have the natural form of that type of bear. In Homid
form, ursine Stalkers generally take on the appearance of the
native human tribes of the far north. Human-born Stalkers
look like their Kinfolk; most come from Inuit or Aleut parent-
age, though occasionally a Stalker's Nordic or Slavic features
testify tosome other ethnic heritage. The Ursine form of homid
Stalkers most often resembles the polar bear.

Quote

How can you look on the never-ending play of light and
darkness that transforms snow and ice into miracles of artistic beauty
and claim that we live in a barren land? Are you blind?

Stereotypes

* Forest Walkers: Their stories of the woodlands
fascinate us. Their sociable temperament mirrors our own,
and their stories help us pass the long winter nights.

* Mountain Guardians: The Guardians' tempers are
even shorter than our own. We enjoy meeting with them
and challenging them to ice-fishing contests, where we
stand a fair chance of winning. Of course, it doesn't pay to
best them t00 often.

* River Keepers: They seem to disapprove of our
curious natures, but we think they don't ask enough
questions. They make good fishing companions, and they
are formidable allies in battle.

|


Serene. seranen een are con. arve-onmern r e rempsm.rrrennarensv)

Unlike the Gurahl who crossed the land bridge i
Lands so long ago, we had our origin on the North
continent. The wolves, bears, humans and Garou who mda
difficult passage to a new and supposedly untouched land imma
ately began to spread out all over the place, naming and clai
everything they saw. The Gurahl, however, reacted diffefén
They took one look around and realized that their numbers were far
tvo small for them to protect and nurture this vastnew territory. Like
the Garou, Ursa's children sensed the presence of the Wyrm beneath

the surface of the Pure Lands, and they realized that it would take a
new kind of Gurahl to drive out or destroy the servants of the Pattern
Breaker.

The Gurahl searched far and wide to find a model for the new
creature they would form. Finally, one Gurahl, a Kieh known as
Slowfoot Groundshaker, thought to look up — and there he saw
what he needed. Towering above his head, almost touching the vault
of the sky, loomed the great westem mountain ranges.

"We must become like the mountains," he declared. "But
how?" He placed himself into a long sleep to dream the answer to his
question.

The world turned a few more times before Slowfoot
Groundshaker received a vision of what had to be done that woke him
from his slumber. While the rest of the Gurahl, who by now called
themselves River Keepers, traveled toward the river valleys of the
Pure Land, Slowfoot and a handful of companions who shared his
vision set out to scale the treacherous and unforgiving peaks of the
Rockies and the Cascades. At each mountain top they crested, one
of the Gurahl entered the Umbra and sacrificed a part of his or her
body to the spirits of the mountain before going to sleep for the night.
(Yes, I know you must wonder how one who had just severed her
hand or foot could fall asleep while consumed with great pain, but this
is how the story goes, so accept that it happened!) Upon waking, the
maimed Gurahl discovered that the severed part had regenerated.
Furthermore, in the place where the sacrificed hand or foot had been
laid as an offering, a new bear stood, heavy with cub, waiting for
someone to lead it back into the world.

These were the first grizzly bears, and now you know why their
name sounds so gruesome.

By the time Slowfoot and his fellow Gurahl had completed their
task, they had exhausted themselves with the pain they had suffered
over and over again. Many of them sought out Dens in the sides of
the mountains they had climbed and entered a long period of sleep.
The grizzly bears, however, settled in along the mountains. Many of
their cubs, magically conceived in the Umbra, became Gurahl,
similar to the River Keepers, but different in subtle ways. These new
Gurah! — the first Mountain Guardians — bore within them the
fierceness of the jagged mountain peaks and the inner strength that

lardlans

ing great pain. The molten fury that lay within the

tains burned in their breasts, teaching them the

When the new Mountain Guardians bred with

p Pure Lands, claiming some of them as Kinfolk,

Wse the fiercest and strongest ones to father or bear their

. This is why the Mountain Guardians, unlike many other

do not hesitate to join in battle and so often prove successful

Heil, We carry inside us the strength and anger of the
Helped in our birth. And so ends my story:

Cribal Background

The early history of the Mountain Guardians parallels that
of the Pure Lands, for they had their beginning only after the
Gurahl crossed the land bridge into the Americas, seeking to
escape the excesses of the War of Rage. The Garou who traveled
to the Pure Lands — the Uktena, Croatan and Wendigo — also
felt the need to declare an end to hostilities, and while relations
and werewolves never reached the point of
intimacy, the Gurahl and Garou of pre-Columbian America
made an effort to coexist for the good of the land they claimed as
their own. In the lands where the Wendigo held sway, the
Guardians walked carefully, lest they provoke the werewolves to
anger. Nevertheless, among the Inuit, Athapascan and Salish
peoples of the Arctic and sub-Arctic regions, the Guardians
served as shamans and wisdom keepers. The Guardians enjoyed
a greater sense of cooperation and coexistence with the Uktena
and the Bastet tribes that inhabited the American West. Rela-
tions with the human tribes prospered as the Native Americans
honored the Children of Bear and Wolf (among other totems)
and often accepted the presence of shapechangers in their midst
as evidence of the attention of the Great Spirit.

While the three Garou tribes of America labored to
contain the Wyrm and bind its minions into sturdy prisons, the
Guardians assisted by offering healing ors
by scouring their chosen mountain territories for remaining
traces of Wyrm-taint. For many centuries, it seemed as if the
spiritof the Pure Lands had arisen to enfold human, animal and
Changing Breeds in a harmonious accord.

Despite the general absence of hostilities between the Garou
and the Gurahl, the Guardians — like their River Keeper
brothers — found it expedient to spend much of their time in
seclusion or hibernation. Better not to tempt fate, they thought.

Then the Europeans came, and with them arrived the
Garou most directly responsible for the War of Rage. Sensing
trouble in the making, the Guardians (along with the other
Gurahl in the New World) withdrew en masse. This proved a
costly mistake for the Guardians and for their Kinfolk.

The war between the European and American Garou ran its
course behind the scenes of the unfolding of the "taming" of the

ual resources and

52 Gurahl

—

ae

|


American West. The loosing of the Storm Eater finally woke
many of the sleeping Guardians, who roused themselves to aid in
its ultimate defeat near the end of the 19th century. When they
had time to look around, the Guardians noticed that the gr

y
bears they had so lovingly nurtured had almost vanished from the
continent, while their human Kinfolk had either perished as
victims of European greed or languished on reserva-
tions far from their rightful homes. While some
Guardians succumbed to the despair of Bhemocht,
a few tried to repair the damage
Today, the Guardians oc-
cupy themselves with ef- -
forts to prevent the

disappearance of the grizzly bear and with Indian rights move
ments designed to reclaim lands for the displaced Native
American tribes who served as their Kinfolk. As the strongest
and most warlike of the Gurahl, the Mountain Guardians
realize that their skills as fighters may place them alongside the
Garou in the front lines of the Apocalypse. To this end, they
strive to hone their combat abilities as well as their protective
instincts. Like the mountains that contain smoldering caul
drons of inner fire, the Guardians stoke their fury carefully

against the day when they, too, must Rage


|

aA"

Home Cerritories

At one time, the Mountain Guardians, like their grizzly
bear kin, made their homes throughout Canada, the American
West and much of northern Mexico. Today, some of the
Guardians reside with their bear kin within national preserves
and parks. Others have traveled to different parts of the country
and journeyed across both oceans to find ways to expand their
Kinfolk and to extend their guardianship to other mountains of
the world.

Culture and Kinfolk

The Native American tribes of western North America
once served as the primary source of human Kinfolk for the
Mountain Guardians. Many of these families died out or
disappeared during westward expansion.of the United States in
the 19th century. Recently, the Guardians have expanded
their search for new Kinfolk to include a broader spectrum of
racial and ethnic backgrounds, hoping to increase their num-
bers. Some Mountain Guardians now come from Asian-Ameri-
can or Hispanic American stock, while others evince their
European ancestral heritage. A few Guardians have traveled to
Europe and Africa, though they are reluctant to impose on
populationsalready claimed by otherequally endangered Chang-
ing Breeds. Rumors persist that the shapeshifters of Asia, who
have proven inhospitable to many western Changing Breeds,
do not accord visiting Gurahl the same coolness. They might
even allow some interbreeding with humans in their lands.
Humans who enjoy pushing their physical limits (such as
mountain climbers, cavers and athletes) or who show a talent
for martial skills (such as boxers, wrestlers and martial artists)
attract the attention of the Mountain Guardians.

While the grizzlies of North America have long provided
Kinfolk for the Mountain Guardians, their endangered status
has caused the Guardians to seek ursine Kinfolk among other
species of bears. Occasionally, Mountain Guardians arise from
matings with polar or spectacled bears.

Much of Mountain Guardian culture revolves around
contests and challenges. More competitive than most Gurahl,
the Guardians frequently engage in wrestling matches, weight-
lifting contests and long distance races to test their prowess
against other tribe members. Older Guardians often test the
capabilities of their cubs by challenging them to mock battle as
a way of judging both their skill and their courage.

Few Mountain Guardians know how to back down froma
challenge of any kind, whether physical or mental, even when
doomed to fail. Among the Guardians, winning a contest ranks
as less important than putting up a good fight. In most mock
combats, both winner and loser gain Renown (though the
winner receives more). The effort counts almost as much as the
victory.

Some Gurahl believe that the Mountain Guardians place
such great emphasis on ritualized combat in order to control
and channel their innate aggressive streak. A more prevalent
opinion among the Guardians stresses the importance of hon-
ing battle skills for their coming battles against the Wyrm.

5

: ——

Cribal Organization

Mountain Guardians tend toward solitude even more
than most Gurahl, relying on occasional meetings between
individuals and attendance at the important Gurahl festivals as
their primary means of contact with others of their tribe. The
Guardians consider the oldest active tribe member as their
leader (in those rare instances which call for a tribal spokes-
man), but each Guardian acts independently, with the excep
tion of cubs during their Gallivant year. Mountain Guardians
prize individual initiative and self-sufficiency almost as much
as they value physical and mental prowess.

Strengths and Weaknesses

* Strongest of the Gurahl: Mountain Guardians have an
advantage over other werebears when engaging in activities
that require physical strength. (In game terms, they have a -1
difficulty to Strength-related rolls, and Feats of Strength are
adjusted by one degree in the Guardian's favor.)

* Challenge-bound: Guardians find it difficult to refuse to
accept a challenge or a dare, even if they know they are
hopelessly overmatched. A Guardian may attempt to resist this
urge with a Willpower roll (difficulty 9).

Appearance

All Mountain Guardians tend toward physical bulk, exud-
ing a larger-than-life presence in the company of others.
Guardians born into human families exhibit the physical traits
of their human parentage. In Ursus form, homid Guardians
usually resemble grizzly bears. Mountain Guardians who come
from ursine stock resemble their parent species in Ursus form,
while they generally choose their Homid appearance from
observations of local humans.

Quote

We keep our vigil from the high places of the world. When the
Apocalypse begins, we will meet it first, for we will see it coming

Stereotypes

* Forest Walkers: They may not stand as tall as we
do, but their audacity deserves respect. They tell great
stories and have a wealth of information to share — in
eight different versions.

© Ice Stalkers: Their reputation as social busybodies
often distracts others from their potential for belligerence.
They rival us for aggressiveness; more power to 'em.

© River Keepers: Stoic and trustworthy, they still
manage to look down on us for our hot tempers and
aggressive behavior. Maybe they should pay more atten-
tion to getting ready for the final battles. No wonder we
lost the War of Rage.

Gurahl

enter // 1


2 amon cearire en rarer eran an as une -toe oe soar nae rose roar

explore the Earth and find places of their own to caréff
the world looked very different than it does today WEmnine
about the smog-filled skies and concrete cities that spol $0
the landscape. Instead, I'm referring to more basic oa
Earth. Mountains moved, in those early times — getting 2
stomping around from one place to another until they found a
horizon to lean against. Rivers ran wherever their passions
them, snaking around hills and valleys or racing in cascades doth the
sides of the steepest mountains. It was hard to keep up with all the
changes and harder still for the Children of Bear to stay with any one
place long enough to get to know the territory.

Aftera while, things got out of hand. A few of the oldest Gurahl
(and we weren't very old in those days) got together and decided that
all this running around and moving about from place to place had to
stop.

The rivers proved especially difficult. They were having too
much fun dashing and skittering all over the land, running uphill and
downhill in a frenzy of pointless activity. All over the world, rivers
vied with one another to see who was fastest, biggest, longest,
curviest or rockiest. Some rivers tried to grow as large as possible,
overflowing their banks to snatch smaller rivers to add to their size
Floods washed over the Earth, drowning many of Gaia's four-footed
creatures, uprooting trees and creating huge morasses of mud and
mire where once green fields and flowering meadows held sway.

Finally, one Gurahl named Yuliya Finds-the-Way had a
revelation. She realized that the rivers' frantic escapades resulted
from a need for attention and the lack of a specific purpose. Yuliya
gathered together a group of her closest companions among the
Gurahl and explained her plan to them. When she had finished, each
of her friends traveled to the current site of one of the great rivers to
offer each river the following proposal:

"Let us be partners in the world. You need something to give
your existence meaning, and I am prepared to give it to you. Choose
one path to take through the world, and I will make my home near
your banks. | will visit you to bathe in your clear waters and feed from
your bounty. | will protect you from those who try to change your
course, call down the rain when you need replenishing and sing songs
to you of what goes on in the places where you are not. You will be
my river, and I will be your keeper. When I return to Gaia's bosom,
others like me will come. I will summon many animals to keep you
company. Bears will fish from your banks, and otters will play their
games to amuse you. You will not need to exhaust yourself rushing
about the world."

Each river agreed to Yuliya's pact, claiming one part of the
world as its own and confining itself to its chosen route. Seeing the
bargain that the mighty rivers had made, the smaller rivers clamored
to gain their own "keeper." In time, every river in the world had its
own Gurahl (though some Gurahl claimed more than one river) who
watched over it and reminded it of how important it was to the

From that day on, those Gurahl who chose to
between Yuliya and the rivers took the name
selves. Thisiswhy youcan find River Keepers

id immutable courses to the sea

al Background

B er Keepers flourished whereverhuman tribes
or groups of bears gathered along the banks of the great rivers
of the world — the Nile, Amazon, Mississippi, Volga and the
myriad other waterways. In ancienttimes, River Keepers served
the human populations as shamans and weatherworkers, offer-
ing cures for illnesses and wounds, calling the rain to water the
land or fill the rivers after a drought and, in times of great need,
sacrificing themselves for the people under their care. Among
the bears who congregated near the rivers that provided them
with rich sources of food, the River Keepers served as leaders
and guardians.

Once the most numerous of the Gurahl, the River Keep-
ers' numbers diminished greatly after the War of Rage. The
victorious Garou killed scores of Keepers and drove others from
theirriverhomes, leaving the care of the now-abandoned rivers
of the Amazon and Nile to the few Bastet who survived. Many
of the human tribes who served as Kinfolk of the River Keepers
fell to the ravages of the Impergium or. became the victims of
‘one of the many wars of human conquest that swept over the
lands. The bears who formerly came under the protection of the
River Keepers suffered as well, becoming popular prey for
human hunters.

Over the centuries, a few River Keepers have come out of
hiding whenever they sensed a great need for their presence.
Though they seldom came to prominence in human affairs (a
result of their desire to remain hidden after the War of Rage),
River Keepers sometimes acted as advisors, teachers and spiri-
tual leaders to chieftains, kings and tsars. The brown bear that
symbolizes Mother Russia stands as just one of the many
tributes to the River Keepers' efforts to nurture the creatures of
the world.

In North America, the River Keepers stayed active longer
than they did in many other lands, assisting the Uktena,
Wendigo and Croatan in their struggle to drive the creatures of
the Wyrm out of the Pure Lands. Even there, however, the
River Keepers kept a low profile, fearing to upset their tenuous
coexistence with the Garou— particularly the curious Uktena.
Like their counterparts elsewhere in the world, many River
Keepers in the Pure Lands chose to spend most of their time in
hibernation. The coming of the Europeans to the New World
and the unleashing of the Storm Eater brought many River
Keepers (as well as the other Gurahl tribes) back into the world

Chapter Two: Painted Faces 55

LE EE EE IT


in the last century. What they saw saddened them, for the
new settlers shattered the harmonious accord between
human and bear that had previously existed in the Ameri-
cas. The River Keepers accept their share of the blame for
thenear extermination of bearsin 19th century America

Today, the River Keepers focus once more on pro-
tecting and encouraging the growth of the existing bear
population throughout the world. In addition, they work
with humans dedicated to cleaning up the pollution that
threatens the network of rivers that criss-crosses the Earth.

As the Apocalypse grows nearer, the River Keepers have
come to recognize that their affinity for the rivers of
the world may hold a vital key to turning the tide
in Gaia's favor. The ancient pact that bound
them to the care of the world's rivers (and tothe
spirits linked to those waterways) might pro-
vide the armies of Gaia with unexpected and
powerful allies in the final battle.
Home Cerritories
Although they once ranged throughout

the fertile river valleys of the world, most River
Keepers currently reside along the Earth's more
remote waterways. In America, members of
this tribe favor Alaska and the Pacific North-
west, but they have made a concerted effort to,
assert their presence along the shores of the
Mississippi, Ohio and other rivers. The European
River Keepers have quietly tried to maintain
their bonds with the rivers of Europe, but
are finding that their Kin cannot freely
roam the rivers' banks as they once
did. The rest of the tribe has no
hard information about their.
tribemates in Russia and Siberia,
but it is presumed that where the
brown bears of Eurasia survive, so
do their Gurahl kin. River Keepers
canonly assume that theystill main: *
tain a

least a token presence in
those lands. In essence, where there
are rivers, there are (or should be)
River Keepers.

Culture and

Kinfolk

Human Kinfolk of the River
Keepers, though few, inhabit'
many regions throughout the
world. Many still hold to the
old ways of their tribal an-
cestors, but a few have -
adapted to the fast-
paced, urban
lifestyle of the
20th

century.

56


Sere erreur caren eneren ie arr emer an rem marrerenssnerenseh

A"

River Keepers come from the Native American populations of
North America, the indigenous tribes of South and Central
America, the Ket, Evenk and Ostiak peoples of Siberia and the
Scandinavian and Baltic populations of Europe. In fact, hu-
mans whose bloodlines nourish the River Keepers make up
some of the most diverse and vibrant group of Gurahl Kinfolk.
Unfortunately, many of them have forgotten their ancient ties
to Ursa's Children due to the long absence of the Gurahl. In
some cases, other Changing Breeds have assimilated the River
Keepers into their own Kinfolk breeding stock.

While the brown bears that once proliferated throughout
Europe, Asiaand North America offer the largest population of
ursine breeding stock for the River Keepers, other bear species,
including the Himalayan (or moon) bear, the sloth bear of
India, the Malayan sun bear and the spectacled bear of South
America also contribute to the tribe's diverse bloodlines. On
rare occasions, River Keepers have arisen from black bear,
grizzly and polar bear stock.

Today, the resurgent River Keepers actively seek to ex-
pand their Kinfolk base, concentrating on rebuilding their old
tribal stock and assimilating new bloodlines. Many River
Keepers, like the brown bears most closely allied with them,
exhibit a reluctance to approach most non-Kinfolk humans.
Thus, they tend to stay away from heavily populated urban
centers. Although they prefer to find new Kinfolk among
wilderness-lovers and environmental activists, the River Keep-
ers also look for humans with good survival skills and combat-
readiness, The War of Rage has taught these Gurahl a valuable
lesson. Upholding the ways of peace often necessitates clinging
to the knowledge of war.

The culture and customs of the River Keepers reflect many
of the traditions of their human wards. The ceremonial ex-
change of gifts, known among some Native American tribes as
"potlatch," plays an important role in River Keeper society.
When members of this tribe come together, an elaborate show
of generosity and gift-giving takes place. Gifts take many forms
— not all of them tangible. Stories, poems, information or
tidbits of news rate as some of the most valuable "gifts" ex-
changed between River Keepers. Of course, no River Keeper
turns down a material present such as a painting, a cleverly
carved wood flute or a loaf of fresh-baked bread. The most
valuable presents consist of those that celebrate the spiritual
side of the Gurahl. The teaching or sharing of Gifts and rites
among the River Keepers thus becomes part of the giving
process. Often the prolonged exchange of gifts takes on the
nature of a contest, with the Gurahl giving the best gift gaining
Honor Renown in the process. The River Keepers also share
gifts with their human friends or potential mates.

Along with the custom of gifting, River Keepers consider
hosting to be a sacred duty. Guests of these Gurahl become an
honored part of the "family" for the duration of their visit,
receiving the best foods, the best sleeping place and numerous
other marks of favor. As they give, however, the River Keepers
expect to receive, often becoming cold and aloof when their
guests fail to reciprocate in quality if not in kind.

Cribal Organization

The River Keepers do not maintain a formal tribal struc-
ture. Members of the tribe meet with one another informally to
exchange information, and they try to have at least one large
gathering a year (usually during the Council of Autumn). Most
River Keepers travel alone within their self-appointed protec-
torates, although two or three River Keepers sometimes form a
"family group" for extended periods of time. Elders of the tribe
serve as advisors and teachers rather than leaders.

Strengths and Weaknesses

© Affinity for Water: All River Keepers enjoy aquatic
endeavors such as swimming, boating, rafting or scuba diving.
(Ingame terms, RiverKeepersautomatically have Swimming 1).

© Weakness forFish: River Keepers find it difficuleto pass up
the chance to enjoy the bounty of the rivers or lakes seafood
restaurants exercise a compelling attraction for these Gurahl,
occasionally distracting them from more important matters.

Appearance

Homid-born River Keepers exhibit the full gamut of
human physiotypes, from Native American to Nordic, with a
smattering of Hispanic, African and Asian features thrown in
for good measure. Although they tend toward stocky, powerful
physiques, a few slender, wiry River Keepers do exist. Hair, skin
and eye color vary widely, depending on the human parent's
ethnic background, Ursine River Keepers generally resemble
the species of their bear parent.

Quote

We stay close to the life blood of the earth, honoring still our
ancient pact. The rivers provide us with everything we need and teach
us the value of mobility. Those who seek to pollute our rivers or
change their courses will have to answer to us.

Stereotypes

© Forest Walkers: They lack dignity and poise, but
make up for their inadequacies with their ingenuity and
daring. We are willing to welcome our curious kin back to
the lands they once left behind.

Ice Stalkers: Curious and gregarious, they never
pass up the opportunity to stick their noses in other
people's business — and houses and territories. Compli-
ment their artistic endeavors, and they will be your friends
for life.

* Mountain Guardians: We have much in common
with these close kin, but they have a mean streak wider
than our rivers and taller than the mountains they claim
as their own. Don't make one angry — and don't offer to
go a few rounds with one and expect to win.

Chapter Two: Painted Faces 57

| is am rm a ERTIES TE.


we ISA
The Code of Ursa

Listen well, young one, for the songs I am about to sing for
you are those you must take into your own heart and keep
always as the laws by which you live. You will hear them many
more times before you must sing at the Council of Aurumn, but
you might as well start memorizing them now.

The Code of Ursa is known to all Gurahl, and it forms the
basis for our society. It has been handed down since the earliest
times when Chewanna First-Mother and Goloyé Seeks-After-

Death first sang its st

Cherish the Lubs

thing'
obey we Cc:
acknowledge ¢

Taste the fruits of sum
Look upon the sun and
See the Totems in the sta
Know the Earth must turn'
The duty to protect is ours.

existence. All else stems from it. Aga
perhaps because our first language does!
ambiguity. The land and all its creatures 4
by Gaia Herself. She made us the cf
protectors of Her creation. We failed in that@uty during the long
centuries of our exile when we feared to show ourselves. We hope
Gaia has forgiven us our cowardice. Now we have returned, and
we hope to atone for our long absence. Whatever happens to us,
we will not shirk our responsibility again.

Heal the Sick

Mother Bear, send down your healing light.

Hold forth your paw and lend your healing might.
Little Bear, send laughter on the way.

Give us your joy, chase pain and fear away

Bear of Death, please turn your face aside.

Do not reach out, let this one here abide.

One of the greatest gifts given to us is the power to heal those
who are sick or injured. It is the second most important aspect of
being Gurahl. Unless a creature is so corrupted that there is no
hope for him, we do not begrudge our healing toany. Even those
Garou of the tribes most responsible for hunting and killing us
deserve our help. Those who ask our help or those we find sick or
injured in our travels are given our healing touch. Sometimes the
task is arduous, requiring many days or even months of our care,
but this is what Gaia asks of us. We do not use our special Gift of
Gaia's Breath on anyone other than Gurahl, however. Only a
very few of us have ever used it at all. We don't even know if it

animals. Until and
case, we will not do
however, is given fully
least, that's the way itis si
and many of us aren't soy

religious experience to give them hope. They
their questions and guidance concerning what is right and
they should treat the Earth. We can help them through e&
ample and by teaching them to listen to what Gaia is saying
The spiritual aspect of nurturing was what gave most of the
tribal bear cults their power by granting them greater under-
standing and a feeling of oneness with Gaia's creation.

I know of no incident in modern times when a Gurahl has
sacrificed herself as we used to do to feed or sustain those in
need. Perhaps in this day of refrigeration and fast food restau-
rants, the literal giving of ourselves is no longer needed. Still,
we never turn away a hungry soul, whether it desires sustenance
or spiritual awakening.

Teach the Supplicant

Turn and learn, remember now
Buri-Jaan will teach you how

58 Gurahl

EE TT ET TE TT


2 amr eames Foran ASU ERNE AST UoP RD A ADT PapaaTaCorr

And in the fullness of your days
Teach to other cubs our ways,
Soon after her First Change, each Gurahl receives word of
aiting her. For the next year (at least), the elder
werebear travels with the younger one, teaching her all he knows
of Gurahl history, culture, societal norms and world view. The
young one learns of Gaia and of her place in Gaia's creation, how
to guard and protect and the Gifts and rituals she must know to
find acceptance within her tribe. This mentorship creates a very
close bond that is never really severed, despite the fact that pupil
and teacher go their separate ways once the intensive instruction
period is over.

While many of us feel that teaching the young fulfills the
requirements of this portion of the Code of Ursa, others argue a
different case. These werebears believe that as Gaia's first-bom
they have a duty to teach their younger siblings, whether that
eaching takes the form of lore, rituals or the knowledge of Gifts

Accordingly, we Gurahl were once far more free with our
knowledge. Our charity enabled other Changing Breeds to profit
from out lore and gain Gifts they would otherwise have been
without. Still, many complained that we doled out ourknowledge
too sparingly. The Garou weren't the only ones who thought so,
mind — just the most aggressive about forcing the issue. For our
part, we didn't want to give out our secrets, before the other
Changing kin were ready for them. Our refusal to share the Gift
of Gaia's Breath ostensibly caused the War of Rage.

Inconsequence, we Gurahl have tended to keep our wisdom
to ourselves ever since that time, fearful of the time bomb we
might be creating if we entrust dangerous knowledge to those not
ready tohandle it maturely. During modern times, we have shared
mostly with the Corax, and then only minor Gifts and less
important lore. Should anyone not Gurahl demonstrate to our
satisfaction that she has attained the degree of responsibility and
caring we deem necessary, this part of the code would allow us to
infuse such a one with our most powerful knowledge. Until then,
we hope that Ursa and Gaia understand our reticence

Breed Wisely

Look with heart and mind and soul

a mentor a)

To find the one destined as your mate.

Look with eyes unclouded,

Look with eyes unshrouded,

Trust to luck and love and fate

To find the one you'll have and hold.

Though we have lived long on the Earth and our numbers
have dwindled, the Gurahl produce no metis children. With
our Kinfolk population shrinking with each passing day, you
might wonder that we are able to avoid the sort of inbreeding
that causes deformities. One reason we are so blessed is a ritual
that allows us to find a suitable mate for ourselves, one whose
characteristics will compliment our own and produce a strong
child. The ritual points us in the right direction and opens our
eyes to the possibilities.

Over the years, a few Gurahl have chosen to ignore the
strictures that forbid us to breed with one another, yet even
they produced no metis children. Any joining that might
produce a metis is invariably childless — either the union


Seer rer rane career: veer mer a re mnsrwrensmnnarensh)

proves sterile, or any conception aborts. I believe that Gaia
decreed this. Unlike the Garou, we are solitary protectors,
sometimes overseeing vast reaches of some of the most hostile
territory on Earth. We don't have the luxury of depending on
a pack to fall back on; we have to take care of ourselves. If we
can't do that due to infirmity, we can't protect Gaia's creation
or help other creatures. So, knowing that a deformed werebear
might easily become a dead werebear, our Mother spares us the
pain and takes the infirm ones back before they're born.

Cleanse the Tainted

Bring the bough and make the circle,

Spread the river's sands within.

Bless the circle with pure water,

Gird it with the mountain's stones.

Welcome in the tainted person,

We shall make him whole again,

Mother, father, son or daughter,

Strike them clean with Ursa's bones.

Asthose meant to protect Gaia's creation, we have aduty to
keep the world as pure as we possibly can. Whenever we encoun-
ter someone who is tainted with the feel of the Wyrm or made
unclean through the intrusion of malignant or malicious spirits,
we try to wash his spirit free of whatever infects it. We may do this
through a processas simple as talking things over, or the cleansing
might call for a powerful ritual.

Though we are no less repulsed by fomori than any other
Changer, we know that not every one of them invited the
invading Bane inside. Rather than killing the host, we have
learned a ritual that allows the victims to throw off the shackles
of the controlling spirits and be themselves once more. In cases
where illness or insanity can be cured, we do so willingly. If the
Silver Fang leaders of the Garou would come and ask our help,
for example, we could cure them and be done with jealousy.

Guard the Secrets

Shh! Shh!

Do not whisper to the winds.

Hush! Hush!

Tell not your enemies or friends...

Once, when the world was younger (just as we were), many
among us thought it was our duty to teach all we knew to those
who came after us. Few among us even considered what this
portion of the Code of Ursa meant until the start of the War of
Rage. Seeing the destructive jealousy and anger of the Garou
when we told them they were yet too immature to have knowl-
edge of Gaia's Breath, many of us realized for the first time why
this stricture is part of the Code. We now guard our secrets,
making certain than none of them leak out to cause trouble. Most
Gurah! now believe that our refusal to share our secret lore is the
main meaning of this command.

I think differently. Although I believe that we're meant to
keep babies from playing with things they don't understand, |
think one of the primary meanings of this passage is that we
must keep our knowledge of many secret things safe so it will be
accessible if we ever need it.

66 Gurahl

"aA ig a aaa eS 17',

Rights of the Elder |

Laughing cub or warrior bold,

Whisperer of tales untold,

Mighty mystic, judge of souls

Canny indeed are the old!

In many cultures, especially during modern times, the young
see eldersas outmoded and useless. Among the Gurahl, we cherish
our elders as fonts of knowledge. Our elders speak with the voice
of experience, and they perform their duties aided by decades (in
rare cases, centuries) of well-practiced rituals and Gifts. Those
whom we consider elders often count many spirits among their
allies and have traveled through each auspice, learning what each
part of their personality has to offer. We revere such elders for their
wisdom and experience, and we hope to profit from what they can
share with us. All too often, however, our eldest remain locked in
slumber, unable to assist in training our younglings.

This portion of the Code of Ursa reminds us of the respect
due our elders. In a very few cases, these Gurahl have survived
since the War of Rage; some even fought in that sad conflict.
Their longevity (and their unique viewpoint) entitle them to
special treatment. Therefore, when we meet in council, any
elders are accorded the privileges of the best seats, the finest food
and the right to speak first. They may also claim the right tospeak
again after everyone else has done so. Their songs and poems
command great attention and respect, while their works of art are
considered featured items when we display our handicrafts.
Should any elder claim the right toactas Buri-Jaan toayoungling,
any other claimant steps aside, realizing that the knowledge the
elder can impart to the new Gurahl far exceeds her own. In
essence, our elders are considered irreplaceable treasures. They
are living repositories of first-hand historical knowledge and of
many spirits' Gifts unknown to younger Gurahl. It should be no.
surprise that we treat them like others treat royalty.

Remember Your History

Year of flood, month of rain,
season of the golden grain,
birth of cubs, loss of mate,

time when we became a state.

Spring's awakening, summer's light,

Through the raging wars we fight

Autumn's bounty, winter's pall,

Youngling, I remember all

Whoever said, "Those who don't remember history are
doomed to repeat it," must have been a werebear. While it
never our duty to serve as Gaia's memory, as a people we are
preoccupied with our history and that of the other Changing
Breeds. Perhaps it's because so many of us slumbered for so long
that we became reflective and introspective. Such states of mind
lend themselves to historical assessments. Certainly, ourconcern
with tradition is tied in thus as well.

Many Gurah! will tell you to remember your history. What
they usually mean is to examine what we — as Gurahl, not as
individuals — have experienced over time. What many such
advisors actually mean is to remember what happened long ago
in the War of Rage. They want all Gurahl to live with that sorry


ZZ

19 Say pajuing :om], sajdvyD

ple) auv am Je sn Suyputuras

pun IY) YUNp |

payseue pyeIng Wy
18 09 Aj>4!] 2101 st Aepoa os Sulop ‘sBurtp a]puey or dem sadosd
ayp udaq aaey 2u0 1ySnu sUosIod-jam e ede Sunn Udy

>aety aa ‘yonsse pur ‘siosai0ads,

Uy say] 9poD aup Jo uoNod stp Jo anyea u

pue Sunueys a11qnd apry/ "lou Jo skepemou aandaya |]Hs ae
suonze Yons sayayM ‘sxaInjjod ayp Woy UORINgUIas Iy1D9ds Jey
De

2 01 An — siapja aup Ayjensn — sreaqaram ures99 ‘ajdurexa

10} ‘siaau Sunnyjod asureBe uayer aq 01 UONDe seINDKUEd &

syaep uos atp yj -tanew ayp ur suoIsto9p uMO sTatp aye pue par

WWD sfuoIM JO} sYUaWUYsTUNd jo IoURAIASqO IOUNS ap apIsIN
days on a]qeun wads pyeang aaneaiasuod Auepy "9por arp joared
stip Surdago ur sa8uep urew atp st uopeqUsUNad IY Puy

ased aup ut (siovenadiad sit
pur) Suropiiuom 01 papuodsas pyeiny moy 99s 02 sn SumoyTe ‘sn
Jo} AUOISYDNOD Jo puny k se so,U—8 71 ‘sem SWOS UT "WaYAeUL-<sseUL
01 ssauapna wo SurtppA199a 01 sasuodsar snouea no Surde] udp

yone Bupyea auojaq S198} Ino Jo UTELaD aq O2 sn SurUTEM Wax Jo
SOUL 'S9819. 910UL May B aIIND 10} YOSIOS BuOs ayp Jo ued sty |
puyf nok yp suonzn ap apny
‘aiipnt ‘apne
‘pune pup ravay onus kydaep 400]
* 400) "4007

Aypind ay} ysiung
11 Uo Spunos youy Mate aK JOOP axp
uado.or [ej am detp UoNIpen urdn punog ossaunauos are ;yeINS)

9/X\ Wuasaid ayp ul soBuEY> 02 j]asINOA pun|g NOAIeUp AdorsTY UI dn
1YyBNeD os aq 2,UP|NOYs OA IeWp st s}y) 02 a20U AreUOHINED AY

YO 03 ©1 UOREPUNo} a20uF apa] B BABY [],NOA ‘aI0A0IaI9m
© {pM Yeap ay way YBnoup aUaM JoYEypuEIT anod ey
ynoge Oxy Jo Bump & MOU NOA j1 ‘MON ,j9U WOY JUEM AjTEDI DY
Sdop JY A {24ND eB YoNs IN | UeD,, 'JosINOA se IYsIW NO,
au0 1 puodsa1 02 40 2981 04 MOY MOLD 10U IYBTUU Nod ‘9]duExa
Jo} ‘EYSIMNY B Jaw aOJaq JaAIU avy Nod J] "aaeYy sn SuoWE
SHaYLO MOU IM YIYM ang ‘oJaq paraNosua aaey J9AIU
dew am sSurtp Surwa2u09 swuawispn{ ypinb ayews o sn smoyye
2 2eUp st JusUTYstUOWpe siyp jo UONeIaIdiaqu J9YyUNy W
‘ou sn BUIXeA sua]qoid 07 sJaMsUE ayp J2A0DsIp Wed am ‘(A102
-StY paseys no) soouatiadx siayio jo a2uesquiouial YBNoIY |.
a Suey

"003 [Nyssa2ons aq AjayT] IsOW []IM | ‘pIp ays

Aq {{nydjay sem uoRde sy wy IaAa ay jo a]e2 494 WY

mouy Apeagye | {2Ua94j1p SuNpautos ysus | pjnoys Aya ‘uoReNaIs
sejnonied & UL a2 UTELaD e pasn A}jnyssadons BuNUN}Y-3OD
-MAN-PH SEIN [GRY Wp Supeay Joquiowsas | j1 ‘ajdurexa
Jog "suoHeNas Urea a]pUEY 03 Is9q MOY ap!oap 02 aIqQu | WE
0s Bulop ySnomp AJUG "YBnoatp uaag aavy (|YeIND 1YR0 40) |
saouatiadxe ayp [Je []2994 02 pueusWOD Bs} J9UaI SIYD ‘DUO |

WY puosag 4By $208 apord axp jo uoNUOd styp yuTy
(staypo asow pur) | ‘aareu 001 Sutaq suede NOA uu or BULAN Ut
SoAMOW JY? PUEIIAPUN | 2]!Y AA "]]>4 se Os SuOp asuredE Nos
wrem pynom Aay fash ziatp puarxa or Surya ssa] way Suryeus
‘Qsopje ano jo awos paysew 3202403 sey aUIN ZE[NBuIs sip ‘AqpE:
sraytysadeys 1oypo Aue yam [ep am saAduay ano pasisesp aq or
141s jo.ano asnf Zunyem shempe — uoruedwos UeISUOD ¥

se awn


|

1D) gf BEAMEDNAT IPT UDELL COLE ALR I

a duty to punish those who harm her creation. Rather than _ project inevitable in an "it's done, so it's too late to complain
slavishly following specifics, however, we need to decide how _ about it now," move, off the bastard. It's what you'll feel like
serious an offense is, then work out some sort of retribution _ doing, so go ahead. Just don't get caught
which helps us rectify the wrong rather than just punishing the In any case, you'll probably respond to each situation you
guilty. If an industrialist wants to build a factory on prime encounter based on its severity and specifics. Ifsomething offends
wetlands, for example, and he pays off the locals to do so, we you or repulses you so deeply that your immediate response is the
don't kidnap him and drown him in a bog. That way just leaves. desire to tear apart whoever is responsible, then you should
the door open fora different entrepreneur to come along and, Sa lex scxir Rags kices: No ones your Rage
the same thing. Instead, we wait until he invests millio killing anyone, if that's not your style. Tear
surveying the site, paying off bribes and gaining local pey B jacks ang bles; she'll get the message.
then we hit him with a lawsuit designed to tie him up it of Jess -Eater, a Gurahl who lived
for six years and cost him billions if his shady practice of the pansion. The legend tells
out. We can always drown him later if things don't go 0 its agail ots who rode moving trains
On the other hand, if a young Gurahl is rude to ins and lo as they moved along. Several
at the Autumn gathering, shunning just might be d jers lates to find their rifles twisted into
after all. Body print of a large bear paw left on
w ever dared to kill buffalo again.

Avenge Wrongful Slaying p once before emmy found them
Why, hunter, did you slay my si at these last two parts of the Code
Siouee heavy with her yg Bhey argue that we became a

baing for our existence
pean j A not bom of Gaia

aim that Rage' the Wyrm.
Essentiall, Ble jt give edge in battle, it still 8 us, diverting
Some of our, rpose as caregivers and lers. That's a
of the Co n) rages hotly ane our more
nurturing i Gaia would not hae expected
traditions, sing us some ability to fight for
practice. we'd rather ed 4 intages as the Garou, but we
creation and all ®ar parts in it, sometime ly aren't helpless ether COMER age gives us greater strength
When other ways fail, it's time to let ourang te Our jown a foe quickly or else gifts us with the stamina to see
We have as much reason to vent our Rage as the Garou, rough to the end rather than making us speedy power-
usually control ourselves much more rigidly, but often weg fhether we would have it so or not, we possess a spark
responding in the s fat makes us livid when we witness an outrage. I don't
"Wrongful slaying" used to meag killing females q corrupt; | think it makes us morally
bearing age or taking too manj plants Bb as the protectors of Gaia's creation
particular area. Nowadays, it mf in the mi
world, few people have the g ually hunt 4 f Life:
creatures for food or to gain fom the .

cold. We have huge farms t from y of the Gur ahl

vegetables to orange juice, and
illnesses. Why would anyone want t Aly heard quite a bit about our penchant for
whether it's rare plants to ease pain but I thought I'd add just a little to your knowledge

we indulge in artistic endeavors when some feel we

a family? | have never understood that sort
understand the competitiveness among hunte devote our every moment to actively protecting our
rritories. My answer to our critics is that by choosing

times results in the killing of some of the best br
pre protecting that which Gaia placed in our care.

me way.

among the so-called "game animals." Still, 1 cag
hunters far more readily than those who kill for ‘or to
temove what they consider a nuisance. | don't,gRderstand
thrill-killers at all.

Even worse are those who — apparently oblivious to the
impact — wipe out entire ecological pockets to build some-
thing in the area. | mentioned the industrialist in regard to
punishment, and that's exactly the sort of thing that might call
for you to Rage after all. Circumstances may conspire to make
itmore effective for you to vent your ire rather than coldly going
through the motions of a lawsuit. If the builder ignores warn-
ings or rashly goes ahead and bulldozes the land to make his

ve that Gaia's creation should exist in a balance.
aintaining that balance lies in being nurturers as
well as protecto¥s. Nurturing extends to caring for our own and
others' emotional and spiritual sides just as thoroughly as we tend
to their bodies. Art and ritual are our expressions of that care.

Our pla

As nurturers, we have developed a philosophy that in-
cludes beauty and creativity as essential parts of our lives and
the lives of those we tend. Though we deplore the Weaver's
excesses, we don't shrink from the idea of creation itself, from
the thought of taking raw materials and using them to n
something. We see it as a way for us to emulate Gaia. Our art,

e

62 Gurahl

EE ay,


UAE TRA thes

whether we are creating paintings, embroidering, composing
music or constructing poems, isasmall tribute to Gaia's own act
of creation.

Don't misunderstand me, though. We aren't solely con-
cerned with some nebulous "beautification" of our surroundings.
Ourart goes beyond creating physical objects orephemeral works
like songs and stories. Some of us feel our very lives are art —
expressions both of Gaia's beauty and Her violence. Thus we
strive to create something that embodies our ideas of preserva-
tion even as we try to protect Gaia's own creation from being
destroyed.

To say it the short way: We enjoy
indulge inall kinds of handicrafts

to quilling, painting, sculpting, bq
throwing, but we go beyog

song-crafters, sto
You've already he:
brings to us. Beyd
deeply when we col
paint our faces for 5
our lives, helping td

feelings and energy.

Yet it goes deeper than that.
the Centuries, we open ourselves to the feel
through the movements and we reveal ourselves a
When we couch our teachings in songs, riddles a
preserve our lore while providing a memory 2 0
Some of our arts are designed to tea
tending to the injured and ill. Yo
having by wildly whacking at
itand discern what shape lies j
you assess a creature's or an
when you concentrate and
embroidery turns out well. J
healing something that dema
as doing nothing at all. Even
trate on the practical rather than.

1 like to compare art and life
and down and make a fuss, the fish g
come home empty-handed. But, if you sit quiet

on the bank or out on top of the rocks in the ri¥
they jump right into your hands. If you think I'm ra
apologize, but explaining metaphysics and philoso,
never my strong point.

Let me take one more stab at it. Why do you t
so concerned with ritual? We werebears surroy
with very stylized practices, adhering to strict
when we meet formally. That ritualistic beMavi
our greetings to one another, to determining precedence and to
granting one or another the right to speak in Council at any
given time. It is a drama that allows each of us to assume a role
through which we interact with others.
We even indulge in challenge displays when we disagree.
‘Those contests call for an upright posture, an aggressive show and
a formalized method of actual challenge. The challenge might
incorporate tree-shaking, roaring and even battle, in extreme
circumstances. This violence has its own ritual, though. Most
often, such challenges reveal the winner not through the werebear

Chapter Two: Painted Faces

ne pA ee

who draws first blood, but the one who can be most insulting in her
roaring or whose stance is most impressive. It's not only a good
method of turning our aggressions to more constructive uses, itstill
allows us to become angry with one another — and even inflict
defeat on a rival — without the necessity of actually injuring any
of us. That way we save our violence to deal with those truly
deserving of our wrath.
We use ritual and create works of art because we choose to
immerse ourselves in them as expressions of our creative spirits,
aside of ourselves we don't want to lose or neglect. We can only
nurture others when we care for ourselves and keep ourselves
spirit, and our spirits cry out forsomething more than
gilance against corruption. We celebrate Ourselves,

there is an old tree growing,
frous healer of itself.

I Berry, "The Sycamore"

erica

¢ Gurahl I have spoken of reside in North
representation here, though
. Sadly, even our scarce

our tribes haveasmall presence in South America.
s, Forest Walkers and Mountain Guardians all
hey call protectorates. Though we have made
breed with the native spectacled bear, they

will most probably lose them before
were more of us, we might save
them, but the governm Bo resources to "waste" on
almost-extinct species that probably canfiot be saved. For the
most part, we leave a great part of South and Central America
to the Bastet whose claims to the area are indisputable.

Europe

Our kind has many of our roots in Europe, and despite the
ever-present Garou population there, we never truly left. Brown
bears originated there, and the precursors of the Ice Stalkers come
from Siberia and the Scandinavian Arctic. Some members of
these species still exist, though most bears in Europe face extinc-
tion in the very near future. Nonetheless, there have always been
River Keepers there, and some of the American Keepers have left


for Europe to bolster their ranks. Indeed, you can probably find
representatives of all our tribes there, where the land is wounded
but no less our ally. The worst of it comes in Eastern Europe and
Russia, which are places most inhospitable to — and in some
places, virtually walled off to—our kind. Nonetheless, we are too
stubborn to give up so easily. We have made recent approaches
toa Garou who possesses knowledge of events in Russia; perhaps
he will be able to tell us what it is that bars our entry there.
Asia

Panda jokes aside, Asia is home to several types of bears.
Even the panda at one time shared an ancestry with our bear kin
Now, they are a species unto themselves. Like many of our kin,
they too face annihilation, so we retain great sympathy for the
panda, our almost-kin. The native werebears, called Okuma, all
perished in the War of Shame, creating a situation in which both
our human Kinfolk and bear kin were left without guardians.
Thus, the moon bear (native to the Himalayas, Tibet and Japan),
the sloth bear (once found from northem India to Sri Lanka) and
the sun bear (known in northeastern India, southern China,
Burma, Malaysia, Borneo and Sumatra) all now exist on the very
brink of extinction. All have frightfully small populations left,
and their wild areas have been ravaged. Some land is completely
denuded and unable to support life. The governments and people
of these lands have little time for (or interest in) preserving bears
when many humans can barely subsist.

The native shapeshifters, who call themselves "hengeyokai,"
resist the intrusion of western Changers into their territories.
Because there exist nonative werebears, however, afew of ushave

6

a

been allowed to cautiously enter these lands and begin breeding
(in small numbers) with some of our remaining native human
Kinfolk. Although we also hope to breed with the native bears,
saving them may prove a vain hope. That we slept too long and
ignored Asia for far too long will undoubtedly prove one of our
greatest shamesas a race when we must watch our bear kin die out
one by one. What happened to kill the Okuma? If it was the
Garou, why do the Stargazers stand side-by-side with the Khan in
the eastern septs? Sadly, we don't know — and we missed our
opportunity toleam, ortodosomethingabout it. We should have
sent new protectors long ago and we didn't. It was easier to hide
and tosleep, and now all we can do is be witnesses to the last days
of those who did not deserve to perish

Africa

Africa doesn't support any bears or werebears except for
the few Gurahl who have visited those lands. In essence, Africa

belongs to the other Changers, and we don't encroach on their
territories

The Arctic

already mentioned the polarbears found in North America,
ranging from the Hudson Bay and Baffin Bay in Canada to
Alaska and the north pole. Likewise, our white cousins can be
found in Greenland, Scandinavia and Siberia. What might not
be so obvious to many outsiders is that a few black bears and
many brown bears and grizzlies roam the sub-Arctic portions of
Canada, Alaska and parts of the northern United States. Many

Gurahl

tier //


yams asoup Suoure aj1] anoge snouns saumewos aze sids ay
Sued say 404 ‘surds aup woy Burp Aureus used] 2) "s19yDe=2
puy 02 Japso Ur Buyssox ay ayYeUI Osye am saUTTaUWIOg

jpourem aq os ‘sqnd mau Joy aNoyyIp
002 3ey 1 Supjenapun snosBuep sry | "Teag wea aypIysy.o130
Surppauios 10 auOaMIOs Puy 02 AjyeENsn s.u1 ‘pom Jay at O1U
J9A0 SsOI9 aM UDY,A\ "sTUNef aunsea{d 10 suoNeIO|dxa UO UE
roypes sasodand aytoads 10j exquig aup za2Ud Ajyensn 3/Q,

sayjje uetp azow se poorquip) Auew qUNOd [TAs 2m 3X "dryspudty
aayp sayord Aayp op ye yo asazer pue 4y weap dotp azaym
Aajedoy pue djay zotp aati doy y renew atp jo yann ay mou,
amt ang ‘suids ayp Aq paroj-asaq aya are Aayp Yury Aew noreS)
auLL ‘paonouun ssed ay8rus am weyp os exqui) ayp jo suids
241] BUPJO9} Jo ID ax sn aysined SIAC) ‘sUAK] PUE SOP - Yh
Ino 40} BIGUIF) akp PayDzeas oY NoIeED atp WOY sn pry aged

ypu! padjay pey am poouquip) atpyoauiog ‘Bey jose,
ayp paatains aaey ou aysiu am osed ayp ut padjay >
pey am saiids 4|puary 20} u99q Jou! pey 398} Uy Cia |

diyspuaty ano aztuBo>a1

sands ayp pue ‘waup 304 a01A195 snp uopiad on ajqe
an

a, ased axp ur warp Burpeay 40 sn amo eaquIA ayp

AL UAL PUY INO JOY sapIns se De OYM saiads asoy?
jo Aueyy "Aoq493 UMoUUN Ue SuI]aAeN Inoge adueNs aI]
8 [Day OYM asoup 10} a]qQu}TEAe sapin Uaad pue YSnosp s~ped
aue 229] | .cIYBU,, $]99} YoryM UONDaNp ay? UE peay Nod pue
‘o8 01 2UeM NOA aay NOE YUIYD NOA ‘9ouAssa UT ‘asja 2uOAUE
ayy] 2F yBnomyp jaaeaa am exquir) ayp Ur AyyeNade 24,9" 2UO

ura:

"popuaiun sanis yons ava] [YING Aa]
zy NOA pure papn]das aw sods
yp ‘way? Ing —aoop uado ue y8nonp Supyfen se Asea se st apeyo,
aypoIUt pue vac] ap Yysnonp equip) ayp.or ssado¥y ‘pom jeuaTeW
up Uy YAK] Papnjoas e O7 saypENe pue eIquIA) ayp URpIM sisaz
Y] SISOUD YI pay[y aderspuey Surmosd ‘udaui e sy aed e YONG
PEI) [eaqUIP] We ssassod on YBNoUD AYN] ame [YEINC) Aray Y

2xX9U aYp1 OF PHOm 2u0 WoY YSnoNp ssed AeuI am os AeMUOOP
10,9104, Arerodwar ev sawwax> ay ajduns pue Asea Ayaaneyas
$1 18yp Op 2 sn smoFTE IBY ANE aXp "ApPAINT] ‘suo ads ax Oru
pue pjiom yeravew axp Jo ano yeauq Ayjemde 02 aAKy am ‘9947
ayy Jou e YBNostp dis snf3,4re9 9m IoUIg "su WOYs E10} U9A2

20} BUPYOO] a4,NOA TY MOU O2 di

‘puryaq 21 2aeay st 39] 02 3ueM 2,US9Op asnf Pjiom aup ‘siIMUuNU
pue sioxaioid si} se pyom sty UL Yous os asixa am reYD st
son AY ‘Os St sip Ay ans td9q JaAou aaey J "71 391U9.01 poysut
Jeanuq pur adap aout e aye2 snUI am ‘soepINs aAN2—9ya1
e out Suyaad Aq equi, ap omy skemapis Suiddars
jo Ainxny axp ssassod oym ‘noren ayp a>ATUP) "suLI0} ann
aratp auinsse sBunp axaya ppom peo1sAyd atp jo spunog
atp puosag uorfar & ,20ediaxpo,, 3no st eqUIA) ay |

vAIQUY] 24} QUD }YyvANt

(ayof v saeyp ‘soq) "saysis axp ur Suryer ‘sumauios
Aaupdg ut punoy aq 2ytw pyeIND ma} y "sYpI UPJ Jaq ou
pur eljensny ut yey ou are aayp ‘mouy | se sey Og

plpajsny %

SIOYEIS 29] uP Yam urol iaquinu
Jenba asowye ue ing ‘suerpsend urequnoy pue siadaay @
JDATY_aYP YIM asned UOUNMOD e PUY DOI Sitp WOYy FYEING,

|

solid bodies, so we get our own turn to teach a rapt audience.
Many of us have formed close friendships and mentor relation-
ships with certain spirits over time, and we may even count on
them for aid in times of crisis.

Oureldest sleep within Umbral Glades because these places
are the most secure. Usually a spirit or a group of spirits agree to
watch overa resting place in return for something they want. This
can be easy, like the spirit who asks a certain Gurahl to acquire a
piece ofshiny river rock and bring it to her. Conversely, the spirits
may testa Gurahl (askinga favor of her orrequiring her toretrieve
a series of items that can only be acquired through negotiation
with a powerful spirit or supernatural). Should the Gurahl satisfy
the spirit of her good intentions and need for privacy, she can find
no better protector and friend.

Little Sisters and Brothers:
The Other Changing Breeds

There's a world I can't forgive

And this life won't let me live

How it looks to you — ain't the way

It appears to me

There's so much I've got to lay down

This rage shakes roots from the ground

T've got to bury it now

— Van Zant, "Rage"

We have equally complex relationships with the other
Changing Breeds and the supernaturals in the world. As you've
probably noticed by now, we are a rather slow-moving folk. We
take a while tomake up our minds. Often, we don't judge others
until we've had a good, long look at them first. Even then, we
can usually see some positive aspects to most creatures — even
the Garou. Corrupted mimicries such as fomori are another
story. We slay the ones that cannot be saved, counting it as a
service we do them, freeing their ravaged bodies from enslave-
ment to Banes. Even with fomori, however, we takea good look
before acting; we do have a way to save those who aren't too far
gone. Personally, | think we are a very tolerant lot, especially
considering the attacks on us by the Garou. Then again, we do
believe some Garou tribes are better than others.

Asapeople, we have not yet agreed to let the Garou know
for certain that we have returned to the world. We mostoften deal
with ronin, Silent Striders or Stargazers, and we often find
common cause with the Uktena. Some Uzmati werebears work
alongside certain Wendigo, but most of us prefer more controlled,
level-headed daily lives. Still, many Changers and a few other
creatures know that the Gurahl walk among them.

Sometimes we've found it best to join with others to batele
a common foe or protect a commonly held place. When we do
50, our successes usually prove so startling that I wonder why we
don't form coalitions much more often. Then again, we don't
love everybody!

It's probably just best for me to run through the various types
and give youa capsule view of what most of us think. First though,
a caution against getting too chummy with other Changers —
you just never know what they might be up to.

66 Gurahl

ce al ag DDN TPT EATEN

The Elders of Winter

This name is the one we give to those ancient Gurahl
who remain locked in slumber. Most of them hibernate in
Umbral Glades or Dens, unaware of events happening in the
material world except as disturbing dreams. Every once ina
while events transpiringnear their resting places may awaken
one of the elders, even enticing the ancient one from his lair
to investigate the disturbance. Some prove to be helpful and
caring individuals who lapsed into sleep to hide from Garou
wrath or because their sorrow was too great to go on living
at the time. These elders sometimes reenter our society, and
we welcome their insight and formidable powers.

Others, those who placed themselves in hibemation
because their Rage had grown too great to control, sometimes
awaken with their wrath still boiling. Such elders may simply
needa way to vent theiranger—and the mountains shake and
boulders splinter as they work through their Rage — or they
may have degenerated into almost mindless killing machines,
incapable of their primary duties anymore. While we hold
deep sympathy for these survivors of the War of Rage, we
cannot allow them to rampage through lands we protect.
Sadly, even our vaunted healing powers often prove unable to
quell the fires that burn within their hearts. Some of the
spiritually wounded ancients cannotbe healed until they leam
to forgive or to put aside the horrors they witnessed (or in
which they participated). Much potential wisdom is lost when
we must force such deadly Gurahl back into hibernation,
hoping they will dream the healing they so desperately need.

The Best Kept Secret

Inthe beginning, Gaia entrusted Her oldest children, the Gurahl,
with many Gifts, and She taught them numerous rites so that they
could, in turn, share them with others. For the most part, the Children
of Bear willingly instructed the Garou and the other Changing Breeds.
The Gurahl kept the secret of restoring life to the dead to themselves,
however, for they did not trust thetr younger brothers and sisters —
particularly the hot-tempered Garou — to display the wisdom and
self-restraint to use this power wisely. The War of Rage was the tragic
result. Still, the Gurahl kept their secret close to their hearts, lest any
of the other Changing Breeds take the Gift of Gaia's Breath or the Rite
of Fighting the Death Bear from them and misuse it.

Despite many attempts by members of several Changing Breeds
(most obviously, the Corax) to steal the knowledge of how to bring
the dead back to life from the Gurahl, none have succeeded — well,
almost none.

Longago, atribe of Kinfolk fell upon hard times. Drought ruined
their crops and drove away the game animals, leaving the people with
nothing to eat as the harsh winter approached. A young Uzmati took
pity on the humans; they were, after all, his human kin and he could
not let them starve. Changing into bear form, he wandered into their
midst and offered himself as a sacrifice so that they could feast upon
his flesh. The tribe rejoiced at their good fortune and killed the
Urmati, happy with the unexpected gift of food. As soon as the
Uzmati's meat had been stripped from his bones, other Gurahl came
to claim what was left of their brother. They took the bones to a secret


2 amr seer ee rane Garena G2. vaien orca NE Om peers ore amen

oe AA

place, where they intended to perform the Rite of Fighting the Death
Bear to reunite the spirit of the noble Gurahl with his body

Four Gurahl entered the Umbra to perform the rite (which was
successful) , but only three returned. When those who participated in
the rte tried to find their missing brother, no one could remember the
identity of the fourth werebear. The three who enacted the rite re
entered the Umbra, hoping to find some trace of the missing Gurahl
Instead, they found an empty bearskin that smelled strongly of
coyote. With sudden dread, the three Gurahl realized that their most
secret rite was no longer a secret — at least to the children of the
Trickster. They decided to say nothingof the theftto anyone, but they
watched carefully for signs that the Nuwisha possessed the knowledge
of the secret of raising the dead. So far, Coyote's children seem to
have kept the secret, as if simply having the knowledge was enough
Nevertheless, whenever a Gurahl and a Nuwisha meet, an unspo-
ken question always hangs in the air between them

— from "The Storysongs of Shoshona Medicine-Bear'

Garou

The legacy of the War of Rage colors our feelings about
Gaia's warriors. Those Garou along best with tend to be
Galliards or Philodox, and I wy ell you we truly like all the
tribes. Most of the time, iber that the Garou were
once considered our li d some of them still
evoke feelings for then

Black Furi

These courageot vefe the Mother and under-
stand the concept of protectig@prather than mere savagery. We
have little blame to lay at th Furies' door.

Bone Gnawers

Inthe days when the Stofm Eater ravaged the West,
many Bone Gnawers sought plages in the high moun-
tains where they pann ive
leavings of the more
Garou were directly
Gurahl in hibespasia

dfdens. As theipg

weapologize to those whose dit away
ened Gurahl who were still enRaged We /#f
commend their spirits to Gaia. Nowadays,
sad to say, we sometimes find our bear kin
competing with the Gnawers for the best
trash heaps.


Children of Gaia.

What can I say
peaceful and ope:
these Garou are the
kind. They may
thetoric always seet
willing toadmit the;

? 1 know many
sympathetic and most gentle of their
t their politically correct stance and

he sfaayShen people are
ssign blame

for the fiasco. It todo
their best, b jarou
have they

Croatan

tribes that crossed
w sacrificed them-

into the Pure Lands, no Jag
selves to rid these lan:

the few gfe ea

¢ worst), the

tory. It's a pity

MPa is all. No Gurahl of the Pure Lands will
hat they were some of the first to maraud across ourhome,
at they wanted with no regard for the f

Glass Walkers

It took a while for manj
members of the tribe we kngp
Riders. Then, they promot
cling to modem technology if
Garou. Few of uslive in citéé
at least as well as their own
do not shun the maki
machinations, we have,
Walkers. Afterall, they Wo
we not taught humans this

Red Talons

Of all the Garou, we best
strictly lupus tribe. We kno
Kinfolk die a little more
places they once roamei
extinction in their
Talons all too wel

i the 19th century as the Iron
b of the railroads, now they
face of criticism from the other
elerstand the Glass Walkers
ometimes better). Because we
a sign of the Weaver's
in ground with the Glass
nocities in which to walk, had
griculture and handicrafts.

the Red Talons, a

understand the Red

68

i —

Understand, not agree with. Where they blame humans for
all the ills of modern life, we realize that humans are Gaia'
creatures too and deserve a place in the world. Where the Red
Talons would exterminate, we seek to educate. But we weep

s

We count the Striders among the few Garou we consider
gr friends. Solitary wale like ourselves, they

With a rb then w
speed as they bid us farewell again.

Silver Fangs

These Garou consider themselves the kings and leaders of

all werewolves. They were the originators of the War of Rage.
In their cipride and agg

Stargazers

Strangely, whil
inoffensive and some'
kin were so thorou
it be that these peat
pointing to their love of th
constellations of
slew them whi
this isso, but whene;
on a trip to adm
long-ago stars Witn

Uktena

This tribe of Garou was {ne of the three who came to the
Pure Lands and helped bing the Banes here. Intensely and
insatiably curious, the Uktena would like to know all our secret
lore, and some of them might not be too picky even now about

ie War of Shame. Could

‘ached out to the Okuma,
iscination with the
"pang! treacherously
wn? | have no proof that

mpany a Stargazer
ways wonder what those

Gurahl

uname ena"


a Sa ca eR

ee A"

how to acquire that knowledge. Th@¥awere fierce opponents
during the War of Rage, but out qua
lived. In coming tof

ae helped us smoot
Uktena ar eto

takeover of our places and
made the Americas their

(and the Wendigo, for tl
through crafting and perfo
similar. We are more lifel
than in the company of
to remember to be carefu
reveal too much.

Wendigo

The Wendigo, the Garou who inhabit the northern United
States and Ca pto embody all the Rage bestowed upon
b as brightly as it did 100 years ago.

e the Uktena, the Wendigo

t we also embrace. Prow
here
long with their own.
mibalism (not too surprising,
be a misunderstanding of certain
used to tell their tribes to eat us when

en again, their anger may have laid them
open to Pattern Breaker's corruption.

Cousins

We can't get out of talking about the rest of the Changer
family because you might need to know some of this someday.
Just keep in mind that we rarely meet some of these folks, and
we often have little common ground to share with the ones we
do meet. Nonetheless they are Gaia's creatures and our little
brothers and sisters. Ifnothingelse we owe them respect for that.

Ajaba

5 of us feed our spirits
ings E01 our customs are also
be found in Uktena company
her werewolves. We just need
we say around them and not

Hyenas, hmm. I've actually never met an Ajaba. Of course,
I've heard the same rumors about their animal kin that everyone
else has: that they're dirty, slinking carrion-eaters whose madness
expresses itself in insane laughter. Somehow I can't believe Gaia

want (or that we wuld mailing togivethicrs) Thee heard that

they now serve the Wyrmy save no proof of that. Other

rumors say they fight the on the front lines.

ist among them-
appens in Gai

x ways, We some-
 Bastet. They too
them when we can

Immoral, pra
selves—the werec@
creation. Though We
times comparepotes:
suffered th wol
and remaii

Corax

helping to save many of us during
know that many of them acted as
dinting out our hiding places to the
While I can't fault them for wanting to

onfonable with gal a ssid

spies for the
werewolves to

ering how long foxes have
our origin tales, at least those thaj

all. They prefer the fields; we

1 know nothing evil of them except d
clever and crafty, so I am willing to ke

Mokolé

A tinal tnghines hse Kitainie! The

lizard foliuffered ve and they also
dre

ntly, if
cnt

gught to tell you all you need to know
oyotes are incorrigible tricksters

Rokea -

Chapter Two: Painted Faces 69

EE TE TE:


Sere mer ese reer cores near Lee RSLS ot rmsd

cme a fa

Outsiders

We don't exist in a world peopled only by other Changers
and humans. Many supernaturals abide in places where we
rarely encounter them. Nonetheless, you should know that
they exist, and you should know something about them before
you take up your own protected lands.

Dampires

‘The worst of the lot. These creatures are the walking dead
who feed off the living to sustain themselves. Most indulge in
political schemes, and not a few are the sort of tycoons who
trash wilderness lands to make room for bigger parking lots.
One particular kind, who call themselves Gangrel, often exist
in or travel through the wilderness. Some of them cause no
problems; others forget who protects the wildlands. They make

fierce opponents. Never think that because one looks young,
she is a weak or inexperienced youth.

The worst thing a vampire can do to you is to change you
into one of their kind. Such creatures we call the Umfalla, or
Soul-dead. Garou lump them in with their vampire-werewolf
hybrids called Abominations. Such mockeries are no longer
the Gurahl we once knew; instead, they prey upon those they
should protect. (Some of us still remember too well Sarah
Childslayer whowent mad centuriesago after falling prey to the
mad vampire prophet, Elisha.) If you ever come across one of
the Soul-dead, call for as much help as you can get, and put her
down like the mad thing she has become.

Mages
We rarely have dealings with mages. A few who practice
healing magic and herbalism occasionally interact with us. For

unique voice, soméhigh, some low, some hissing, some trilling, but all
— who shall remain nameless — lip a plot to take over
Gaia and said, " we're ti
Besides, we need to be able to talk
searching their hearts, then sighed

Soall the creatures of diffe
like mocking lar and angry
languorous youls, startling hisses ar
reproduce from inside their big frames; ata
spoke from the heart. And the Garou? Theis
the victims in the War of Rage, those whom that
is crying from loneliness because he drove his

— A Gurahl Tale Explaining Their Lanj

Like most thinking cree
their first year as Gurahl, thie
the language easy to learn, #
concemed with simplistic idé
primal ideas: hunger, danger, good food, meeting and so
and terminology for abstract concepts when they wish to,

The Gurahl Have deliberately kept their lan
scope. By keeping itwithin the realm of growls
through the speaker's adoption of certain posturgs
other Gurahl in to subtleties they might miss ing]
Despite its limitations)several Gurahl song
created are highly evocative and staan

The marks which cortespond®
can be reproduced by a Gurahy irff

7 igiak 2

cancutsuch marks into asurfack ifs
letting other Gurahl know they'¥e entert@lané
other werebears are in the vicinity, 0 .

yed a new language .0
ota little bie like

leav@#

reminder of direction in unfamiliar terrain. Lil
more information than the words. Likewise, a sc

In recent times, the Gurahl have begun translating the Seratch

Language: Spoken and Written

When Gaia firsemade all the creatures; everyone spoke the same language and understood Bi pan

ge serve asa SOF ic alp
form by using her c ony
pknife. Messages writtey
bear's prot Bs
r-Azgai message in!

for the written language include leaving'warnings of danger, marking ret
posture used with the

tleft rubbed into the mask can give another Gurahl reams of information.

had its own
Changing Breeds
. So they went to
00 much trouble,
along time as if

own language, if it isn't
gnd." She looked at

Fy own. Corax chose a
ing away. Bastet rec
\chose roars and,

matters, for they war
words spoken between
matter. When you heat

that sounded

d a language of
they could easily
d a language that
Ives, but all
wolf howl, he

Initially learned as a
en those not raised in Ki
h corresponding to a set
oughts; it is more suited td
iuman language, with its gf
larcers.

in tongue during
Ik families find
tched mark) and
xpressing fairly
ter complexity

w words to it or t@ttry to broaden its
Béar sounds. Variatigns can be achieved
hen necessary. Goch things may clue
the speaker is fh fact making a joke.
Bin Rar-AzgajfMany of the works so

Bet. Each mark is one that
or Arthren form, a Gurahl
n serve as boundary markers,
Gurahl become aware that
asking fora meeting. Other uses

areas where food is plentiful and as a

Clos hoe dicoly dhe aaa cox cavers

pgs fito pencil or ink representations. A daring few have even

devised a printed script that looks similar to runes. While these symbols lack the extra subtlety available to the depth or smell of
scratchings, they do have the advantage of being a little more portable. Having heard from Kinfolk of the success of the Navajo
code talkers in World War II, some werebears like to joke that if the need ever arises, their language would give the enemy real fits!

70

Gurahl

Oe Ty


the most part, we find that they are too caught up in their own
affairs — something to do with man's ascendancy over every

thing — to pay much attention to us. Such ambitions call for
us to watch them, however. We've seen where such arrogance

and pride lead before.

Wraiths

The only time we have dealings with wraiths is when we
enter the fringes of the Dark Umbra to fight the Death Bear
Then we see them more as background window dressing than
as anything else. I have often wondered if they are enough like
the Umbral spirits that we might find them compatible. I have
heard that many possess abilities to affect the material world. If
that's so, would they be willing to help us, or do they hate us for
still living while they are dead?

Changelings

Of all the others, we find the changelings most like our
selves, They love music, poetry, song and drama. They passion
arely seek out art, sculpture and other crafts. Such things give
them substance to remain as they are rather than fading into the

everyday human world. Aside from their love of the arts, how

ever, we find changelings far too fickle for our tastes. They often
move so fast that we lose track of what we're trying to say to them,
or they change their aspects, becoming morose and sullen where,
a few minutes before, they were happy and sociable. We don't
understand them, but we find them interesting

Mummies

To the best of my knowledge, I've never met a mummy. |
doubt the Egyptian supernaturals travel in the same circles we do
On the other hand, if they do indeed live in cycles altemating
death with life as I've heard, I'd love to talk toone about our ability
to raise the newly dead and how it differs from what they do

Se FY aT yg" PALATES RAAT C8 7

; The Bear's Other Face

Hey there. How come you're not at Council with the
rest of the folks making policy and swapping trinkets? Yeah,

I guess you could ask me the same question. Fact of the
matter is, I'm about ready to hit the road right now — |
figure I've learned all I can here, and there isn't gonna be
anything else other than ass-scratching and moaning about
the big bad Garou for the rest of the festival. So I'm gone

What's the matter? Haven't heard a Gurahl talk like that
before? Yeah, I'm kinda different. Name's Peter, and they
almost gave me the name "Peter Fire-Under-His-Ass" a couple
of years back. Hell, they'd be right. I know I've been trying to
light that same fire under some of the most senior and revered
asses around here for a while, but they're pretty stubborn
hereabouts. Hell, they're like that anywhere.

Quit looking at me like that. Sit down. Listen. Maybe
nd.

back during my Galli

you'll unde:

You see, w: ant, | stopped back

in at my hometown, which was on a tez. And sure enough,
things hadn't gotten any better during my absence. There
was a new convoy of government trucks coming to bury
their leftover toxic crap just north of our water lines. It
pissed me off, but I remembered what my Buri-Jaan had
said, and I held in the anger. So I went stomping around one
night, trying to work it off, and eventually wound up sitting
on the bed of some old guy's pickup, desperate to just "talk
out" some of my aggression. Didn't recognize him right off,
but he was a local — can't fake that.

So | started growling about the government and its
trucks and its toxic waste, and you know what? Crazy old
bastard started laughing at me. I probably don't need to tell
you that really pissed me off. I jumped up to my feet and
balled up my fist and said, "You think that's funny, old man?
If you think there's something funny about pain, I'll be
happy to tickle your ribs, all right

Old bastard looked on back at me and said — and now
let me tell you this, there was something harder 'n iron in
his eye when he said it, but that grin was still on his face —
he said, "What were you expecting me to do? Cry? Like that
Indian fella on the ‘Oh, please don't litter, people' TV
commercials a while back?"

1 tried to tell him exactly what | thought of that
analogy, but he didn't give me a chance. He said, "That
fella got on television and he cried. He cried because some
white man figured, ‘If white folks see the poor red man
crying, maybe they'll be better people.' Sure they were."

Then he hopped on his feet and jabbed a bony finger
right into my ribs and said to me, "That's what you can do,
you know. You can stand there and cry and hope people get
better, or you can get off your ass and do something. And |
don't give a shit if you laugh, sob or recite poetry while you
do it, just so long as you aren't standing around whining."

I sat down then, and all the fire went right out of me.
The old coot took another swig of his firewater and passed
me the flask; it was potent stuff, and I only took a lot of it
We talked a while; turned out he knew things. Eventually


cera area TRS er KERAE OS ea ar een rane en oo ae

I stumbled drunk back into my folks' cabin. The next
morning, I got up and I went out and I did something.

No, kid. Don't ask. Let's just say I got away with it and
leave it at that.

Last couple of years, I've been a hell of a lot more active
— Uszmati and proud — and my Buri-Jaan's despairing
something fierce. But I've gotten shit done. So go on back
in and listen to the stories and learn about how important
it is to do things patiently and steadily. But remember —

ee aD aI A EATER MET EPA COE I

not everybody believes we have enough time to watch the
trees grow and educate the next generation of human kids.
That old guy had the right of it; I used to figure him for
Gurahl, but now I'm thinking he was something else,
somebody who had his priorities a little clearer and better-
ordered.

Hell. I'm leaving. Say bye-bye to Tanya for me when
you see her. Here, you can finish the bottle. It's good stuff,
but don't let it go to your head.

Chapter Two: Painted Faces 73

|


The Gift of the Bear People

Once upon a time, when the people had no food, the hunters of
the tribe went out to search for game animals. Luck was with them,
for they came upon a giant bear, who lay dying on the side of a gently
sloping hill

"Our work is done," said the chief of the hunters. "We need
only to wait for the bear to die and then we can bring his body home
to our families. We will feast all winter on the rich meat, while our
women can make clothes from his hide and tools from his teeth and
claws and bones."

"We must do more than wait," replied the wise woman who
accompanied the hunters on their trek. "We must ask the bear if he will
allow us to take his body after his spirit abandons it." The wise woman
knelt down beside the dying bear and looked into his eyes. Before she
had time to voice a prayer to his departing spirit, the bear reached out
with a huge paw and touched the side of her face.

"Your petition is granted before ‘you ask it," the bear said,
speaking in a voice that sounded like little more than a tortured growl
to the hunters but which rang clearly in the heart of the wise woman.
"Alllthat you want I willdo for youexcept for one thing, and in return
for granting me this one request, | will give your people a gift. You
may have my flesh for food and my hide for clothes and blankets. You
may take my teeth and claws and make things of use and beauty out
of them. Alll ask is that you bury my bones deep in the earth, for I
come from the earth and I would like to return my elements to it."

The wise woman's eyes filled with tears and she nodded her
head. "We will do as you ask, oh mighty bear," she whispered. The
bear returned her nod.

"This, then, is the gift I give to you. Each of you here must eat
a piece of my heart and share in my life-blood. That way, you will

always carry apart of my spirit within you. Your children shall inherit
my strength and my patience. A few of them will become something
more, a union of your people and mine. With the gift of my flesh, I
claim you as my Kinfolk."

The bear closed his eyes and died, and the hunters, under the
direction of the wise woman, did as he had asked.

— from "The Storysongs of Shoshona Medicine-Bear"

Prelude:
The Bear Awakens

Even asa child, you knew you were different from all those
around you. It wasn't because you were bigger than the other kids
in your class (although you probably were) or stronger than your
older siblings. Something else seemed to lie dormant inside you,
waiting for the opportunity to break out of its
of itscave. You might have seemed a little slower than your peers,
but you weren't dumb by a long shot. You thought things out
carefully, rarely acted in haste and didn't say anything unless you
had worked out all the implications beforehand. If you were
lucky, your teachers recognized you as a methodical student; if
you weren't, you suffered through lots of remedial classes.

With the greatest of luck, you had parents who seemed to
understand your strangeness. They might have dropped hints
here and there that you were somehow set apart from other
children. They encouraged you to spend time in the great
outdoors, they drove you to junior first-aid classes and they
answered your questions about why the human race was ruining
the environment.

1—orcome out

Chapter Three: The Song of Making 75

EL TD OE


ec aS) GALA ED NTI BDI ELL OP AE

In all probability, however, your parents proved less than away in an asylum, where monsters like you obviously be
understanding of your "otherness." They either tried to shove longed. That didn't happen. Instead, you felt a summons.
you into a conventional mold or, failing that, wrote you offas_ Something drew you away from your home and family, and it
a problem-child. You might have suffered physical abuse from _led you into the wilderness that you loved so much, leading you
parents who hated or feared you, teaching youfrom yourearliest. through dreams and visions and instincts to a secluded place
days that, no matter how hard you tried to fit in, you would where you met your teacher.
always walk alone. Little by little, slowly, methodically and sometimes pain-
No matter what your circumstances, you felt responsible _ fully, everything about your life began to make sense.

for taking care of those who were younger or weaker than you. Becoming a Gur ahl

Your childhood enemies were the class bullies, your friends'
ou think you want to play a Gurahl, first take a look at

abusive parents — or your own — and the people who though;
that might made right and that weak mea
Sometimes you dreamed of being p are not. Werebears rarely charge into battle at the
a therapist. Sometimes you j inted jaia's warriors. They make lousy spies, since
tormentors in your way 0 hthe shadowsdoesn't come easily to these lumbering
You felt an, h : Sensuality like the Bastet or live for
If your parents isha. They aren' gifted with
joined a scout r mpan é like the Corax. Why, then,
to go camping fi 1g. i in the Children of Bear?
along the highway Or fash dump Lu hh ear 2 ust Gurah are
tain, your heart adhied asif som Pp ou felt b ¥ al hero archetype in the
the scars of strip-% cutting aj if Vorld's rkness, The image of f th@Strong, gentle protector
someone had carved gfeatibleeding gashes into m i s up what the werebears atejall about. While the
And no one understood why the sight of a dead h OlAre ripping the world apart in a desperate attempt to
middle of the highway filled you with sadness and loft radi@fibsurgery to save it, the Gurahl work behind the
anger. ‘ stias desperately to repair the damage caused by
As you grew older, the thing inside you (wt ; he'W and Gaia's warriors. However, this relative
grew stronger. Sometimes, in your dreams, you t yo ¢ the Gurahl a group of non-confrontational
changing, growing larger and more, Yous: . ler to protect the weak, you have to be able to
a burnt, desiccated land — and, z aye the ability to do just that.
that you had experienced a p he future)" AME |) 5: ¢ that carries its own
time, your drives to others gr punt The rou, their ancestors
became almost compulsive it5 | hounded into near
smothering your smaller hoy ROtECLIVENESS.: extinction ypafter centuries of
admonitions didn't help. absence, dto ty and pick up the
Then something hap; ¥ piece iccee however, are slim to
If you were lucky, it took plage
More likely, however, it did not. awit r : ferent pace from many of the
about your true nature and the p; K 5 ey appreciate the slow rhythms of
Delirium, you understand why no en cles of change that mark the movement
precisely what happened. At the times 0 a et yépace. Gurahl are attuned to the Earth, to the
creature of raw, uncontrollable emotions — h f all life. They feel the Earth's pain beneath the
care who saw you or what they thought abou' > cutters and the great machines of the strip-
were responding to something that threatened the life of inerssdhey diel little with the disappearance of yetanother
your self-appointed charges; maybe you finally witneg . imal from the earth. Their anger is.as great
best friend's father whip his child with a belt buckle, i he ¢ it.does not run as hot. It smolders,
the circumstance, the "thing" inside you burst fortyand made driving the p efforts to make things better
you realize that whatever you were, it wasn't human — even at the cost of
If your parents were Kinfolk (and were ai Of their blood- Most Gurahl, unlike many Chan| Breeds, genuinely
lines), they took you aside and tried to softenfhe impact of your like humans. They feel responsible for the puny, hairless, tool-
First Change. They explained that you werea bear-spirit clothed using creatures. They remember a time when humans actually
in human flesh and that you carried within you the legacies of both walked softly on the land and weren't blind to the spirit world.
humanand bear. Then they sent you in search ofa teacher, another They see what humans just might have to offer the world (given
Gurah! who would serve as your Buri-Jaan, or mentor during the —_the proper teaching and guidance), and they weep for what
first year or two of your new life. humanity has done to the world. Pity and horror exist in equal
Or perhaps you suffered through the terror of the First. _ measure within the Gurahl; and above it all is love — for the
Change by yourself. You waited for the world toend—forthe Earth Mother and all Her children.
police (or the men in white coats) to come for youand lock you Still interested? Good.

76 Gurahl

zis /,

=|

Gallivant: The First Year

Gurahl cubs come under the influence of an older Gurahl
who serves as their teacher, Buri-Jaan and companion during
the first critical year or two after the First Change. Young
Gurahl need a lot of guidance in making the transition from
their lives as "normal" humans or bears to their new existence.
Like a mother bear keeping watch over her cub, the Gurahl's
Buri-Jaan takes responsibility for making sure that his charge
possesses the knowledge necessary to survive in a world that has
suddenly become much larger, much more complicated and far
scarier than it once was.

The first thing a young Gurahl learns is the Dance of the
Centuries. The cub hears the stories about how the world was
made, how the Gurahl came to be and how they nearly died at the
hands of their little brothers and sisters, the Garou.

This period in her life may be the first time the Gurahl cub
has ever heard of Gaia or Garou. Unless she comes froma family
of Kinfolk who chose to impart some secrets to their Gurahl-
child, the cub must completely revise everything she thought
she knew, She learns about the Pattern Breaker's destructive
madness and the Tapestry Maker's compulsive behavior. She
accompanies her Buri-Jaan on journeys across the countryside,
learning by doing — and by witnessing the travesty that
misguided or evil creatures (some human, some not) have made
of the world. She receive: ‘ouragement to explore her own
limitations, to take delight in all five of her forms and to make
the most of her newfound abilities.

Her Buri-Jaan gradually introduces her to others of her
kind, assuring her that although she may often walk apart from
others, she is never truly alone. The young Gurahl learns her
first rituals, recites the Code of Ursa with her Buri-Jaan and
questions its applications. One day, when she is ready, her Buri-
Jaan takes her into the Umbra, and there, the cub learns her first
Gifts and sees the world as it once was, as it still might be.

Finally, the young Gurahl attends her first Council of
Autumn. Here, at the annual gathering of the elders of the
Gurahl, she meets the movers and shakers of her kind. She
participates in the formal, private dances that she has practiced
with her tutor and relives, with the movements of her body, the
history of the Gurahl. She, at last, comes home.

The Time of Changes

While some Buri-Jaan remain with their cubs for longer
than a year, they usually do not remain for more than two years.
Sooner or later, the young Gurahl needs to make her own way in
the world. She may, if she desires, seek out companions; many
fledgling werebears enjoy traveling in small groups. Occasionally,
she may strike up a friendship with members of other Changing
Breeds. She may even befriend one of the more tolerable of the
Garou, but that is a rare occurrence.

Asshe matures, herauspice changes. The Gurahl learns how
to become an active protector and advocate for the Great Mother
and her creation. She begins a great work of art which will take
her an entire lifetime to complete, summarizing all that she was
and is and will become in one masterwork of painting, music,
poetry or some other act of creation. This creation is called the
Lifework, and for many Gurahl it is the last center of peace in a

2 eran saree Fern PM smear eSATA reper ce


E
|

world at war. The study of mystical energies and the powers of
Gaia will occupy her for a period, when once again her auspice
changes. Finally, to complete the cycle of her changing auspices,
she learns to use what she has learned to interpret the will of the
Great Mother.

At some point in her life, she sends out a call to another
young Gurahl. This time, she acts as Buri-Jaan toa cub, directing
her fledgling's paths with a gentle hand and a world of patience.
Eventually, the years take their toll on even the strongest Gurahl.
One morning, she wakes to hear the call of the Death Bear, a soft
insistent voice that announces to her the beginning of a new life
within thearmsof Mother Earth Herself. Understanding: thythms
and cycles, the G answer the summons,

she will find, in the Death Bear, her,

cycle of existence,

a |
Craits:
Gurahl see themselves as he
theirmind-set diverges from thar ofme
Breeds. They lack the boiling tens!

pulsive need for mischief of the Nuwi
ity of the Bastet ve Corax and the dev'

are either carnivores or cartigl
vores; they do not have
sustenance.

Despite theit differences, Gura ay
with the Garou. Silver affects them in the same way as it d
Garou, and they Fegenerate with equal speed. Likewise,
Crinos form of the Gurahl evokes the Delirium, thée
reduced by two levéls. The major differences are.

The Gurahl have auspices, but they processitf
of the five types as theyage. Furthermore, they
auspice to another afterthey have e:
they settle into one auspice that

Rage is dependent 6n

© There are no metis Gutahl
two Gurahl have mated, concepti
does, the child dies within the womb.

* Gurahl use Rage in a different

© The pull of the seasons affects
slay in the winter; some actually hibernat
cold months of the y

* Gurahl gain access to the Umbra in a different mannt
than the Garou. Instead of stepping sideways, the Gurahl leam a
relatively simple rite which enables them to rend the Gauntlet
ternporarily, creating a "hole" for them to pass through.

In general, Gurahl characters follow the same rules for
Attributes and Abilities as the ones outlined in Werewolf: The
Apocalypse. This chapter details the differences, embellish-
ments and modifications to those basic rules. Where the
information presented in this chapter conflicts with previously
published material on the Gurahl, the contents of this
sourcebook supersedes the earlier versions.

Breeds

All Gurahl come from matings between a Gurahl and
either a human or a bear, or from the union of two Kinfolk.
Because Gurahl choose their mates carefully, following a spe-
cific ritual that dates from the time of their creation, metis
Gurahl do not exist. The werebears believe that the lack of
metis represents a special blessing from Gaia that reflects the
solitary lifestyle of the Gurahl. Metis Garou, however despised,
can still find support and grudging acceptance from a pack.
Gurahl, after they leave their Buri-Jaan, must fend for them-
selves in most cases; deformed or inherently flawed werebears
can't survive on their own. Thus, even if two werebears ignore
rsa and mate, their union is sterile or else

hild.

isfor the few Gurahl who remained hidden
ibes of northern Europe and the ones who
land bridge with the Pure Ones) for the
with their human Kinfolk. Within the last
the numbers of homid)Gurahl have in-
though they remain fewer in number than
ins. Needless to say, a Changing Breed that
.wild creatures than humans for breeding will
in numbers indeed. The Gurahl are no excep-

ngth and versatil-
ahl, it has not been without difficulty. Many
ith the end of the tribal éultures that housed
on of the North American Indians in the
for example, resulted in the disappear-

8 born to humanfparents (or to unions
ne human) gfow up in tribal societies
of sub-Arcti¢ Europe and Asia, or else
tribal reservation (mainly in North
lives usually reflect tribal values rather

68, extreme isolation from civilization
0 need basic instruction in manipu-
ical devices or using computers, VCRs

fy at home with the World Wide Web, CNN and champion-
ship wrestling.

The Gurahl have attempted to develop new Kinfolk families
among humans tomake up for the ones lost overtime. Usually, they
choose as mates those humans who show a predisposition toward
wilderness life or who work within the healing community. Be-
cause of this preference, Gurahl born within the last two decades
often have parents who are naturalists, park rangers, doctors,
herbalists or environmentalists.

Beginning Rage: 3

Beginning Gnosis: 4

78 Gurahl

LL ——

ainmiamnmemmines =:


Seren cere ree area ners arvana a rem smamrrensmnerensroh

Ursine

By far, the majority of Gurahl alive today come from ursine
stock. Before the population explosion that occurred after the
end of the Impergium, most of the world consisted of human-free
wild lands; wisdom thus dictated that bear-bom Gurahl could
more easily exercise their duties of protection. The War of Rage
drove a number of Gurahl into hiding in bear-form, where they
continued to breed and, occasionally, beget true sons and daugh-
ters. The endangered status of bears in the modern world,
however, threatens a lessening in the number of Gurahl born to
bears in the wild.

Today, ursine Gi
of protected habit;
usually retain theif
into one of the,

| usually grow up within the cdffines
or national parks. These indiyfduals
irth forms until necessity demandg& shift
er forms, usually as a response to soffe sort

remain in either Homid or Arthren
ge out of curiosity and wonder at the
urahl generallfdevelop

against humans
ers) whom they
bears.

Gurahl who begin life as bea
restrictions as lupus Garou with rp
Abilities.

Beginning Rage: 4

Beginning Gnosis: 5

Matures and

Q

The Werewolf Players Guidgshipesdian etypes
for use in fleshing out the personality qbggot eG igh the
concept of Natures and Demeanors. ng Find pal
suit Gurahl characters better than othe: p@EXplorer, "Lone
Wolf" (in thiscase, Bear) and Survivor: As solitary lifestyle
ofmany Gurahl, while Builder, Caregiver, artyrand
Visionary emphasize the more reflective fand €4M@passionate
aspects of the werebears. Bureaucrat, Director, Judge and Tradi-
tionalist Archetypes highlight the structured focus of many
Gurahl, while Cub, Curmudgeon and Gallant offer variations on
the stereotype.

Other Archetypes do not fit most Gurahl characters. Few
werebears emerge as Connivers, Deviants, or Rebels. But of
course, there are always exceptions. No two Gurahl are alike;
the only thing you need to take into consideration is whether
or not your choice of Nature and Demeanor suits your Gurahl
character.

Chapter Three: The Song of Making

aaa

em iD a gl BG BIT IPA ET EDEN COE ay

to the
through the seas

New Archetype

* Teacher

Everything you have experienced has added to your store of
knowledge, and you wish to share your information with others.
You look forward to the time when you can act as a Buri-Jaan to
someone younger and less worldly-wise than you, but in the
meantime, you plan to practice on anyone who crosses your path.
"Did you know that..." is one of your favorite conversation
openers, along with "Let me explain" and "I thought you'd never
ask." Your companions sometimes tease you about your pedantic
approach to life, but you take it in stride. Someday, they will need
toknow something\ital, and you will be theragesupply them with
the knowledge that they need.

— Regain Willfiower wh
strates that he has leatped

Auspice s

feescuaia than they da to Luna,
Pigsercise their influence on the

are eps irs Unlike the Garou, however,
one a
pack, the Gurahl my.
in the course of ria
t of 2

overns their place within the
I five of Luna's major phases
In some ways, the Gurahl
resembles the earth's slow

While Gurahl auspii ly dprrespond with those of

entames for these aspects

QO Me ai tess of
tie! tiled her
cued WY? to @pintain

Bs curned hinpip a bear agwell
the heavens. THABg\yne stORg the
d Ursa Minor. .

bwrtiples

EB eCABIBF inst Cub make fg éa
Gi ieAN ge opens hertoa Noking
athegeff fe world around her. Like arCub
of the Hea¥ens, new Gurahl embark on a tinteageflofetion
and questioning. Arcas exhibit a playfulness ahd Wiquisitye-

ness that rival that of many Ragabash Garou. This "tima§of
wonder," called the Gallivant, usually lasts for the first year
two of a Gurahl's post-Change life, ending when the fledglin
cub experiences his first serious battle after parting with his
Buri-Jaan.

Uzmati — The Full Moon

In the language of the Gurahl, the word Uzmati means
"aggressive protector." Among the Miwok, Uzmati came to mean
grizzly bear. Of course, the human voice gives the word a different
inflection and, thus, limits the meaning...

When an Arcas Gurahl leaves his Buri-Jaan to begin his
(usually solitary) travels, he comes under the influence of the
Full Moon and becomes an Uzmati, or warrior-Gurahl. While


2 kere arene am re caren eELATE en APSR METTLE TEE see coaemen ena

Uzmati do not walk the razor's edge of frenzy, as do their Garou
Ahroun cousins, they do feel the song of battle deep within
them, and they stand prepared to fight any who threaten their
protected lands or creatures. Many Gurahl remain Uzmati for
several years, particularly if they dwell in a region where they
must constantly battle Wyrm-creatures or other hostile enti-
ties. Eventually, however, something occurs to propel the
Unmati into his next phase of existence. In some cases, he
acquires a mate and family, necessitating the cultivation of his
nurturing tendencies at the expense of his aggressive instincts.
In other instances, a Gurahl may simply feel that it is time to
move on to another stage of life,

Kojubat — Th

The Ket people of Siberi
concept of absolute truth. A
is "honest as a bear." The Keedge
completely the essential natur@ of
After walking the path\ih
turn to the Gibbous Moon fokg
of learning and remembering. FiQj
experience they have gained
periods to the overall pattern.
spend time learning the songs,
they have not already begun tl
so at the onset of their Kojubat pl
roughly tothe Garou Galliard,

Once a Kojubat fs,
the Gurahl, she takeyr
influence of the Cres
mystical tendencies #9
among the Gurahl. As
energy to the performa
knowledge of Gaia's Giff
Arcas Gurahl, passing off
own Kojubat years to their'
in common with Theurges,
of distrust among their own kindg

Rishi — The Half

The Gurahl word for counselor or peacemaker is "Rishi." The
Hindus refer to the seven stars of Ursa Major as the Seven Rishis or the
Seven Bears, and they see the Great Bear as the symbol of the ever-
turning cycle of seasons and the source of natural wisdom.

The last moon phase to exert its influence over a Gurahl
is the Half Moon. By the time he becomes Rishi, a Gurahl has
usually acquired a substantial body of experience and knowl-
edge. Often, he has become an important member of his tribe.

80 Gurahl

[ROLE PT DT TT TT Sy

ee a A EGAN I RT NPT 0 LG

The Gurahl place great emphasis on age, seeing the accumula-
tion of years as a testimony to the wisdom of the accumulator.
Rishi act as peacemakers, mediators and judges among the
Gurahl. Younger Gurahl accord them respect and reverence,
listening to their words and heeding their counsel.

How Auspices Really Work

In the old times, when Gurahl could expect to live out their
lives in a patterned progression, most Children of Bear made the
transit through the five auspices only once, reaching the revered
status of Rishi near thie end of a full life. Due to the demands of

ining factor for her
funately, many Arcas
the sudden advent of
ected death of a Buri-

Bald normally take place.
ide after only a short time
the Gurahl and shift from his

quickly through one or two
of their life seems to take
letingone passage through
‘one auspice that seems
mon, for example, for

» or "wonder time," by
"second cubhood" in
even pranks. Such

learning Gifts
gone through all five moon phases may choose Gifts from all of
the auspices. Thus, a venerable Rishi may decide to learn a few
Arcas or Uzmati Gifts in order to round out her knowledge of
Gaia's blessings even though she has already passed beyond those
auspices. Of course, learning too many Gifts outside one's auspice
is considered irresponsible, the mark of someone who didn't learn
all he should have during his previous moon phases. It's not
unheard of for Gurahl to lose Renown for relying on hindsight in
this manner.

|


eA ft

Gnosis

A Gurahl's beginning Gnosis depends on his breed. The
werebears refresh their Gnosis pool through meditation or by
means of the Rite of Replenishment. Those Gurahl who are
fortunate enough to possess an Umbral Glade in conjunction
with their Den (see Merits and Flaws) may assure themselves of
a regular supply of Gnosis.

Like the Garou, the Gurahl expend Gnosis to activate
certain Gifts and fetishes, or in the course of enacting many of
their rites. Silver items temporarily lower a Gurahl's Gnosis: f
by one point per item carried; lost Gnosis returns within 24 ho
after the offending items have been discarded.

Rage and its Uses

Watching Jacob Treeshaker go into battle was like wa
volcano get ready to blow its top. He'd stand there and shake:
rattling the teeth in your head if you were standing too cl
he'd give a loud yell and gather the fire of Gaia into hi

receiving end of his anger. With
rear back with one arm and let
a tree. If that didn't do,

Europe paid homage to the battle-fury of the
for "those consumed by battle-lust" — berserker (or
serker). ‘

ral rapidity of multiple attacks, a Gi
can sometimes fell an opponent

bear hug. Gurahl may spend Rag
Strength to twice what itis in Homi
character whose Strength in Homid fo
Rage on a one-for-one basis to add up
Strength, regardless of her form.

Gurahl may also use Rage to increase their S
much as twice that of their current form. This mi
Gurah! whose Bjornen form has a Stamina of 4 may i
that Attribute to 8 in that form. A Gurahl can also 6
increases in Strength and Stamina by dividing s
between the two Attributes subject to the above liMitations.
Strength and Stamina bonuses due to spent Rage last for only
one turn.

In addition, Gurahl may acquire extra Health Levels by
converting Rage points on a one-for-one basis. The additional
levels, however, do not heal previous damage. A Wounded
Gurahl who spends two points of Rage to add to her Health
Levels gains two additional "Wounded" levels which she must
lose before she becomes Mauled. Rage spent to increase Health
Levels before taking damage counts as extra levels of Bruised,

Chapter Three: The Song of Making

lh ———

which enables Gurahl to avoid taking damage entirely, or to
remain at one of the other levels for a few turns before finally
falling to Incapacitated. This gain lasts for a scene, or until the
Gurahl takes enough Health Levels of damage to lose them.

The Price of Rage

This versatile usefulness of Rage reflects one of the many
significant differences between the Gurahl and their more
impulsive Changing kin, the Garou. The Children of Bear
ibility in combat because of how they use Rage.
Gurah! to channel their Rage in multiple
m a greater mastery over how they choose
pasties. Even in the throes of their
intain their reputation for

) action.
regain Rage relatively slowly,
many of the other Changing
o gain Rage with relative ease,
ting angry. Direct threats to lands
protection (particularly to anyone
they are) arouse the wrath of Gaia
words or rebuffs bother a

ur Rage, she will withdraw from
in meditation and regain her

whereby a Gurahl recovers lost Rage. Stewing over
goes against the temperament of most Gurahl, who

gos. This is not to say that Gurahl don't
hey are able to put them aside to perform

nzy as easily as do the Garou, but on rare
on ail to control their bestial nature, and they give
uncontrollable manifestations of Rage. In order to
b to frenzy, a Gurahl's player must score five or more
on a Rage roll (difficulty 8).

I in frenzy doesn't flee the scene of a battle.
tands her ground and lashes out at whatever's
sfasiig to retreat even in the face of insurmountable
odds. The "flight" portion of the "fight or flight" response does
not exist for Gurahl. Frenzied Gurahl often charge their en-
emies, losing all sense of strategic approaches or reasoned assault

in the desire to rip and rend and tear and...
While it is harder for a Gurahl to frenzy that it is for her
bellicose Garou cousins, it is correspondingly easier for her to
overcome or temporarily suppress the desire to frenzy. A Gurahl

on the verge of frenzy may spend a Willpower point to abort the
urge to run amok, and she may still act at the end of the turn,

81

ry

although she may take no action other than movement or
speech

In all other aspects, a Gurahl's frenzy resembles that of the
Garou, including the potential of achieving the uncontrollable
state of fury which the Garou refer to as falling under the "thrall
of the Wyrm." Such happens only rarely, and it comes about
when the werebear's desire to channel his anger becomes frus-
trated by his inability to de mething snaps inside the
Gurahl, and the result isn't pretty to behold.

A Gurah! must have a Rage score of 6 or higher, and she
must achieve a multiple botch on her Rage roll in order to
succumb toa "Wyrm frenzy." If thishappens, not even spending
Willpower can prevent the werebear from being ridden by
Eater-of-Souls or Beast-of- War.

Willpower

AllGurahl, regardless of breed, auspice or tribe, begin with
a Willpower of 6 to reflect the inherent stubbornness and
implacability of the bear. Gurahl do not easily change their
minds once they have passed judgment on someone or some
thing. Even as cubs, young Gurahl pursue their aims with great
determination.

Healing

Gurahl heal in the same fashion as Garou, by regenerating
damage from normal wounds at the rate of one Health Level per
tum. Wounds caused by silver or fire cause aggravated damage
which can only be healed through magical means. (See
Werewolf: The Apocalypse, pgs. 159, 196-199 for more infor
mation on healing damage.)

The Forms of the Bear

The Gurahl have five forms, which correspond to those of
the Garou. The werebears change forms in the same manner as
the Garou, progressing through intermediate stages. Instanta

neous changes of form rarely occur unless fueled by the con

scious expenditure of Rage.

When in human form, Gurahl resemble "normal" humans
in every way. Although they do tend to be taller and more
muscular than the average human, they do not betray their
"bear" natures in any obvious fashion. Human-born Gurahl
possess the physiotype of their ethnic heritage; those who come
from Scandinavian parentage are usually light-haired and big-
boned, while Gurahl who rise from Native American Kinfolk
tend to have darker skin and hair, as well as a more compact,
muscular body. The varieties of human forms which may
conceal a Gurah soul are limited only by genetic possibilities
Ursine Gurahl in human form tend to retain their overall
pigmentation; because coat color varies widely in both brown
and black bears, ursine Gurahl exhibit almost as much range in
Homid appearance as do their human-born cousins. The tim-
bre ofa Homid-form Gurahl's voice is often deep and rich; they
speak with care and do not rush either theit words or their
thoughts

|

Serie eee ree cere erie core ier ene re ancmvrencn arena

ee A"
Arthren (difficulty 7)

The Arthren, ornear-man, form of the Gurahl resembles the
"hairy wild-man" image of popular stereotype. A Gurahl in
Arthren form grows in size as well as mass, nearing the upper
extreme of typical height and weight for humans. While this
change in form is not enough to evoke the Delirium or to elicit
suspicions of "supernatural" transformations, a Gurahl's Arthren
form succeeds in inspiring awe, intimidation or outright fear in
the Gurahl's opponents. Arthren Gurahl possess deep, churlish
voices that lend a guttural sound to their speech. Otherwise, they
can speak normally.

Crinos (difficulty 6)

Like the Crinos form of the Garou, the full man-bear shape of
a Raging Gurahl conjures nightmares of terror in the minds of
those who behold it. Standing from 10 to 16 feet tall, a Crinos
Gurahl also gains substantially in mass; the Crinos form of some
Gurahl elders towers over 15 feet and weighs in at more than 2,000
pounds. The face of a Crinos Gurahl acquires the snout and muzzle
of a bear. Non-retractable claws extend up to nine inches from
both fore and hind paws, while the fur in Crinos form becomes stiff
and wiry, offering additional natural body armor to absorb damage.
In this form, Gurahl can rip full-grown trees from the ground with
little effort, upend large vehicles (such as logging trucks) and heave
giant rocks at their opponents. Speech in Crinos form becomes
limited to single words.

Bijornen (difficulty 7)

The near-bear form of the Gurahl stands as a reminder of
the prehistoric cave-bears who stalked the earth in the first
days. These huge creatures are both taller and longer than
modern bears. Their paws end in elongated claws, and their
jaws sport sharp fangs. Bjornen Gurahl tend to think more like
bears than humans. Instinct, rather than logic, drives their
actions. In this form, Gurahl lose the capacity for human
speech entirely, although they can still communicate in the
Gurahl tongue and the language of bears.

Ursus (difficulty 6)

Ursus Gurahl resemble normal bears. Homid-born Gurahl
take on the ursine form most natural for them; if they come from
Forest Walker Kinfolk, they tend to assume the ursine form of a
black bear, for example. Gurahl born among the Inuit peoples of
Alaska generally adopt the polar bear as the model for their own
Ursus form, and European Gurahl tend to change into massive
brown bears. Gurahl in Ursus speak the bear-tongue and an
abbreviated version of the speech of the Gurahl. Although homid
Gurahl retain some aspects of human thought patterns, they find
it easier in Ursus to think like a bear.

Cotem

Bear, a powerful Incarna that stands very close to Gaia, has
a special relationship with the Gurahl. In actuality, Bear has a
triune manifestation. As the Great She-Bear (or Ursa Major),
Bear shares many qualities with Gaia herself. She stands for all

Chapter Three: The Song of Making

a

that is compassionate, maternal, nurturing and life-giving. The
Great She-Bear is the All-Healer who touches her children with
love and protects them from harm.

As the Death Bear, known to some tribal people as Mangi,
the Spirit Hunter, Bear assumes a masculine aspect. Mangi
guards the entry to the Otherworld of the dead, and he takes
charge of the spirits of Gurahl who enter his domain on the way
to reunion with Gaia. Mangi represents the anger of Bear over
the pain and injustice perpetrated on the children of the Great
She-Bear, his consort. While Mangi is the totem of Death to
the Gurahl, he also stands as the way to rebirth, for only with
his permission may Gurahl return the spirits of the slain back
to their bodies.

The First Cub (also known as Little Bear or Ursa Minor)
completes the trio that makes up the Bear totem. Just as bear cubs
are some of the most playful creatures that walk (or gambol)
across the surface of the Earth, First Cub represents the joyous
spirit of discovery that marks the early years of a Gurahl's post-
Change existence. The First Cub reminds Gurahl that playful-
ness and lightheartedness are often as important to saving the
world as seriousness and dedication. Why save the world, in fact,
if only to populate it with a myriad of gloomy faces?

Choosing a Face of the Bear

All Gurahl have Bear as their totem, but most Gurahl
favor one aspect of Bear over the others. It isnot uncommon for
Gurahl to shift their devotion from one of Bear's faces to
another dependent on the circumstances of her life. Many
Gurahl identify with the Little Bear immediately after their
First Change. As they age and begin the cycle of changing
auspices, Gurahl frequently find themselves drawn to either
Ursa Major or the Death Bear. Uzmati Gurah! often see the
Death Bear as symbolic of their own purpose in life — the
defenders who are sometimes called to offer themselves in
sacrifice that others might live. Kieh respond to the mystical
aspect of the Death Bear's role as guardian of life and death.
Kojubat and Rishi Gurahl may feel aspecial closeness with Ursa
Major, who emphasizes the power of creation and mediation.

Form Statistics

Arthren Crinos Bjornen Ursus

Str +3 Str +5 Ser +4 Str +3
Dex -1 Dex -2

Sta +3 Sta +5 Sta +4 Sta +3

Man -2 Man -3 Man -3 Man -3

App -2 App 0

Per +1* Per -1 Per +2* Per +2*

Difficulty 7 Difficulty 6 Difficulty 7 Difficulty 6

* Bears have generally poor eyesight, but their other
senses (particularly smell) more than make up for their visual
limitations. The pluses to Perception rolls refer primarily to
the Gurahl's enhanced sense of smell, and they are subject to
factors such as wind-direction and the presence or lack of
distinctive competing odors in the vicinity.

83

imine.

|


|

eam a of
Marks of the Bear

Bear provides the Gurahl with a few enhancements in
order to help them fulfill their purpose in Gaia's plan. In the
interests of balance, however, Bear also inflicts some corre-
sponding disadvantages on his children so that they can better
appreciate the give and take of life. (Please note that Gurahl
receive these powers rather than the Traits given in Werewolf
on pg. 261; those powers represent what Bear has to teach to
Garou willing to listen to him.)

Adamant Will

Gurahl begin with a Willpower score of 6, which puts them
‘on the high end of the scale for most Changing Breeds. As
protectors of the weak and helpless and as caretakers of the Earth,
Gurahl need to be able to exert their will in the face of those who
would harm the creatures or places under their care. Gurahl gain
‘one automatic success in any opposed Willpower roll that directly
involves their compulsion to defend and protect.

This stubbornness of will also makes it more difficult for
supernatural creatures such as vampires or mages to influence
the mind ofa Gurahl. Any roll involving attempts to Dominate
or use Mind magick on Gurahl suffers a +2 penalty to its
difficulty. Gurahl are very difficult for wraiths to possess (or
even to Skinride). Thus, the Restless Dead likewise suffer a
penalty to difficulty of rolls to take over the body or soul of a
Gurahl that is increased by two.

In general, Gurahl find that whenever they are engaged in
a contest of wills over something they consider to be part of
their sacred duty to Gaia, they have a boost from Bear to aid
them. Storytellers may, at their discretion, reflect this strength
of will by lowering the difficulty for normal Willpower rolls
made by Gurahl characters or raising the difficulty of oppo-
nents' rolls against the Willpower of the werebear.

Intractability

To offset their strong will, Gurahl have a corresponding
stubborn streak that makes it difficult, if not impossible, for
them to change their minds once they have set on a course of
action. Werebears surround themselves with traditions and
rituals, which sometimes blinds them to new ways of doing
things. Whenever someone opposes a Gurahl's decision and
attempts to convince the werebear to alter her way of thinking,
the Gurahl must make a concerted effort to overcome her own
mind-set in order to do so. The player must score at least three
successes on a Willpower roll (difficulty 8) in order to give
credence to an opposing viewpoint or idea, regardless of how
well it is argued.

The trick, of course, is to get to the Gurahl before she has
had a chance to make up her mind.

Keen Smell

Bears have an extraordinarily refined sense of smell, using
their noses to locate sources of food, mating partners or the
presence of intruders in their lands. In all forms but Homid,
Gurahl have keenly perceptive noses that can smell enemies
coming long before they can see them.

The difficulty on Perception rolls in which odor is a
determining factor is decreased by two for Gurahl. Attempts to
track individuals by smell are also easier (-1 difficulty) for the
werebears. Gurahl can make positive identifications of people
through recognizing their perfume, cologne or natural body
odors. Additionally, they can sniff out tainted or poisoned food,
and they can smell whether the water in a river is safe to drink.
They are excellent early warning systems for forest fires, and
they can often "smell" a change in the weather just by sniffing
the air.

While some of the advantages of having a keen nose can
be translated into game terms, other aspects of the Gurahl's
olfactory enhancements should be played out through descrip-
tions of how things smell and what information can be obtained
from the odors in a given area. (Note: This "advantage" can
sometimes backfire on the Gurahl. Excessively strong or pun-
gent odors can distract a werebear or cover up subtler, more
important smells.)

Poor Eyesight

Just as their sense of smell exceeds the average, Gurahl
suffer from poor eyesight. They aren't blind, nor do they need
to wear glasses. In fact, most Gurahl in Homid have normal
eyesight. What they don't have is the vision of an eagle.

Bhernocht

Occasionally, a Gurah! failsin her duty and abandons
her perceived responsibility for another, more ephemeral,
course of action. When this occurs voluntarily, rather
than through duress, the werebear suffers a one-point loss
of Willpower, and she forfeits the advantages she gained
from possessing Adamant Will. If the Gurahl does not
resume her stated purpose (such as the protection of a
particular person or area), her Willpower continues to
decrease by one point per day (in addition to any deliber-
ate expenditures of Willpower) until it reaches zero.
When this occurs, the Gurahl enters a state of profound
depression and despair known as Bhernocht (literally, the
"dark night of the bear").

A Gurahl who has given way to Bhemocht becomes
listless and apathetic, obsessed with a sense of her own
failure. Unless she finds some way to escape her over-
whelming feeling of worthlessness, a Bhernocht-struck
Gurahl soon enters a state of deep hibernation (either
through the use of biorhythmic control or through an
extreme form of seasonal lethargy). Rousing a Gurahl who
has fallen into a Bhernocht-inspired slumber requires the
use of sustained force or the Waken Gift. Once wakened,
the Gurah! must still recover from Bhernocht. This pro-
cess requires the re-accumulation of Willpower through
either the resumption of his abandoned purpose or the
dedication to another purpose of equal importance.

Emergence from Bhernocht should involve
roleplaying rather than arbitrary rolls of the dice. The
progress from despair to rekindled hope and renewed
purpose offers the opportunity for those intense moments
of personal drama that add depth and impact toa chronicle.

84 Gurahl

i ———

yy


Neither are they particularly attuned to how things look. A
Gurahl gazing out over a field from a vantage point atop a
mountain is less likely to see something approaching than he is
tosmell it. In fact, Gurahl usually smell something first — thus
eliminating the necessity of seeing it

Nevertheless, whenever the player ofa Gurahl in any form
but Homid needs to make a Perception roll based solely on
sight, the difficulty increases by two. This is not a usual
occurrence, however, because most creatures possess a distinct
odor which serves the same function to the Gurahl as sight does
to others.

Biorhythmic Control

Gurahl possess the capacity to alter or regulate many of
their internal biorhythms, consciously imitating the natural
metabolic and systemic processes of their bear kin. Thus, the
Children of Bear can effect changes to their metabolism that
enable them to endure and survive under harsh environmental
conditions and severe hardships. Even if they donot possess the
Biorhythms Talent (see p. 86), most Gurahl can make small
adjustments in their body's functions, such as raising or lower-
ing their body temperature a few degrees to cope with external
temperature extremes. Ursine Gurahl need to take at least two
dots in Biorhythms, since they were born as bears and have all
the working parts of a "natural" bear in Ursus form. Gurahl who
practice this Talent gain greater expertise in using it, and they
can perform amazing feats of internal bodily regulation

Seasonal Lethargy

Because Gurahl have a deep connection with the Earth
itself, their bodies respond to the changing seasons in ways that
do not always prove advantageous. In winter, when many of
their bear-kin seek out sheltered places in which to hibernate,
Gurahl experience a psychological desire to tuck themselves
away somewhere warm and safe. Gurahl do not hibernate every
winter; instead, they become sluggish and lethargic (literally
"under the weather"). This seasonal retardation of their natural
alertness and energy manifests itself in small but significant
ways. Usually punctual individuals oversleep in the morning,
becoming habitually late. Gurahl can function normally as
long as they keep busy; periods of inactivity result in an
overwhelming desire to "take a nap." Many of the effects of
seasonal lethargy are roleplaying guidelines only. Other mani-
festations have clear effects in game terms. During winter,
Gurahl players have one less die for initiative rolls, to simulate
the Gurahl's internal sluggishness. In addition, a Storyteller
may exact similar dice penalties (or increases in difficulties) for
tolls involving reactions to ambushes or awareness attempts.

eJege
Abilities
Gurahl characters have the same basic Abilities as their
Garou cousins, with one exception: few Gurahl have the
temperament or inherent duplicity that lies at the heart of the
Subterfuge Ability. While a player may make a case for his
Gurahl's possession of this Ability, it does not appear on the

basic Character Sheet. Players who wish to do so may still buy
Subterfuge as a Secondary Ability.

85


A"

When choosing Abilities for your Gurahl character, keep
in mind the qualities that are appropriate for an individual
whose makeup combines bear and human elements. The
Werewolf Players Guide lists numerous Secondary Abilities
thatallow you to tailor your character to suit your image of what

he should be.

Talents

Except for the substitution of the new Biorhythm Talent,
the choices for Talents remain the same as those outlined in the
Werewolf: The Apocalypse basic rules. While you may pick any
of the available Talents, some are more appropriate than others.
Particularly suited for Gurah! characters are Alertness, Athletics,
Brawl, Empathy, Intimidation and Primal-Urge. While Dodge is
strategically useful in combat situations, few creatures who grow
to the size of a small tree in Crinos form excel at sudden evasive
actions. Expression applies only to Gurah! whose concepts in-
volve public speeches or persuasive skills. Streetwise, while not
impossible for werebears, remains peripheral fornon-urban Gurahl.

Useful Secondary Talents include Instruction (to reflect
the Gurah!'s position as teachers of others) and Swimming, a
handy Ability for any character who spends a lot of time in
wilderness settings.

New Talent: Biorhythms

Like the bears who are your near-kin, you have the ability
to make changes in your metabolism and other bodily func-
tions. These alterations may consist of small tweaks to such
aspects of your physiology as body temperature (useful in
withstanding extremes of heat and cold) or large-scale system
shutdowns that allow you to survive catastrophic circum-
stances (such as being trapped in a cave-in or buried under the
snow after an avalanche).

While ursine Gurahl must take two dots in this Talent to
reflect their basic bear heritage, human-born werebears may
find this Ability incredibly useful in many circumstances.
Advanced levels enable Gurahl to "fine-tune" their metabo-
lism so that nearly every part of their body comes under their
conscious control. Practical applications include control of
respiratory functions, pain management, fertility and blood
circulation. This Talent may not be purchased by non-Gurahl.

. Novice: You can make minor adjustments in inter-
nal body temperature and heart rate.
ee Practiced: You éan mimic the process of hiberna-

tion by slowing down your metabolism.
eee Competent: You can exercise phenomenal control
over your respiratory and involuntary muscle systems.
Expert: You can isolate single portions of your
metabolism while leaving others untouched.
@eeee Master: The most renowned yogis in the world
have nothing on you; you can go so far as to stop
your heart and restart it after a prolonged hiatus.
Possessed by: Ursines, Biofeedback Specialists, Holistic
Practitioners, Yogis, Elders
Specialties: Circulatory System, Breath Control, Fasting,
Fertility, Enduring Pain, Total System Shutdown

Skills

Allthe Skills listed in the basic rulebook for Werewolf: The
Apocalypse are available to Gurahl, with the following caveats.
Ursine Gurahl accept the same restrictions as lupus Garou in
choosing beginning Skills (ie., they may not choose Drive,
Etiquette or Firearms except through "freebie" points or during
play). Skills that seem particularly suited to Gurahl include
Animal Ken, Leadership, Performance and Survival. Melee,
Repair and Stealth, while not forbidden to werebears, are less
fitting for Gurahl than for other Changing Breeds.

Secondary Skills which can add flavor to a Gurahl's
repertoire include Hypnotism and Meditation, both of them
associated with the werebears' reputations as healers and coun-
selors.

New Skill: Fishing

You are versed in the many techniques of catching fish
While you do not practice your "art" for mere sport or recre-
ation, you can usually provide fish on demand for an entire
assembly of hungry Gurahl. This Skill comes in handy when
you need to live off the land as well as feed your less wilderness-
savvy companions.

° Novice: You know the basics of rod and line fishing.

oe Practiced: You can bring in fish from fresh and salt
water sources.

eee Competent: You are at home with most of the fly-

tying techniques the experts write about.

Expert: Creeling, trawling, ice fishing — you name

it, you've done it.

eee Master: When you stand at the edge of a river, the fish
take one look at you and give up without a fight.

Possessed by: Professional Fishermen, Retirees, Hungry
Bears, Survivalists

Specialties: Fly-tying, Ice Fishing, Saltwater, Live Bait

Knowledges

Players of ursine Gurahl, like those of lupus Garou, may
only buy Computer, Law, Linguistics, Medicine, Politics and
Science with "freebie" points, acquire them through roleplaying
or learn them during down time. Since many Gurahl feel
especially close to the Earth, the Knowledges they possess may
reflect their desire to know more about the living world. This
is not to say that some Gurahl can't be corporate lawyers or
computer systems analysts —just that such eccentric werebears
are generally in the minority.

Useful Secondary Knowledges include Area Knowledge,
Herbalism, Poisons and Sign Language. The various "Lore"
categories, such as Garou Lore, Mage Lore, Wyrm Lore and
others are also appropriate for Gurahl who have a reason to
know them.

New Knowledge: Ecology

You understand the relation of plant and animal life to the
well-being of the Earth. Your comprehension of the mutual
support networks of flora and fauna informs your actions and

ae


helps you spot areas of the world that need special attention

You need at least one dot in Science as a prerequisite for this

Knowledge.

° Novice: You know the basics of the food-chain theory

oe Practiced: You could teach a high school course in
bas
Competent: You understand the principles of eco
systems, controlled habitats, biospheres and other
technical aspects of the environment

ecology.

Expert: You are a pioneer in environmental re-

search and theory.

Master: International authorities on global warming

and endangered species come to you for
Possessed by: Ecologists, Environmental Activists,
Specialties: Global Warming, Endangered Species, Bio:

sphere Management

B ackgrounds

Backgrounds establish a character's connection to the
world around her. Beginning Gurahl can purchase any of the
Backgrounds listed in Werewolf: The Apocalypse with the
exception of Resources (see the following for explanation)
Additionally, the Totem Background does not apply to Gurahl,
since each Gurahl honors one (orall) of the three forms of Bear
and gains Bear's Marks automatically

Some of the allowable Background choices may change or
disappear after a character begins pl
provide a starting point for the Gurahl, placing her in the
context ofa larger society. Except for the following differences,
the Backgrounds described in the Werewolf rulebook apply as
written to Gurahl characters.

Kinfolk

While Kinfolk are extremely important to the Gurahl,
there are only a few groups of humans left who carry the blood
of Bear in their veins. Use the following scale for determining
numbers of Kinfolk as a substitute for the dot-to-Kinfolk ratio
listed in the basic rulebook.

2 Kinfolk (same as in Werewolf)
4 Kinfolk

6 Kinfolk

10 Kinfolk

eeeee 15 Kinfolk (a veritable horde!)

Mentor

Like the Bastet, most Gurahl (unless they purchase the Flaw
Abandoned Cub) begin with at least one dot in the Mentor
Background to reflect their tie with their Buri-Jaan. Even after a
Gurahl finishes her Gallivant and parts ways with her Buri-Jaan,
the elder who has overseen the first year of a new Gurah's life
remains a constant (though often distant) connection. The more
dots a Gurah! chooses in Mentor, the more prominent the Buri-
Jaan is in Gurahl society, although this is not determined solely
by Rank, as it is with Garou.

y; these selections simply

yy,


0 eer ry mm sce See a os a aL RET ULns  orperea eh)

mm a Af

The Absolute Basics:
Attributes of the Gurahl

The nine basic Attributes that apply to any character
created for the Storyteller System remain the same for
Gurahl characters. Nevertheless, players should use com-
mon sense in assigning priorities when creating werebears.
Physical Attributes generally prevail among the Gurahl.
Face it, bears are big, strong creatures. A Gurahl with a
Strength, Dexterity and Stamina of 2 will never be able to
stand up to the demands of his Changing Breed. On the
other hand, werebears aren't the most subtle or attractive

individuals. Even the best-looking ones pale before the
exoticallure of most Bastet or the irrepressible charmgf
Nuwisha. Since Gurah! spend much of th

priority to Mental Atri
acters. Bears demonstraté
of their vision) and shaq
really their forte, they ard
imagination.

New Background: Umbral Gl.

The Gurahl do not congregate in caerms like mq
Instead, most Gurahl possess Dens in secluded
them privacy for meditation and a sex
hibernate when necessary or expedient,
that open onto Glades in the Umbra,
wellspring of Gnosis. The size and Iq
determines how much Gnosis is avail
If more than one Gurahl remains
regain Gnosis, the total Gnosis availa
those wishing to partake of it.

Inaddition to providing Gnosis ford
Glade gives the werebear an instantaneous Woe
Umbra without the need for a rite.

. A 20 x 20 foot area, supplying one point of
per day

** — A50x 50 foot area, supplying two points off
per day

#** A 100 x 100 foot area, supplying th
Gnosis per day

eee* A 500 x 500 foot area, supplying four points of
Gnosis per day
wecee

‘A 1000 x 1000 foot area, supplying five points of
Gnosis per day

Forbidden Background: Resources

Because most Gurahl lack the acquisitive and materialistic
tendencies that result in amassing large sums of money or posses-
sions, beginning Gurahl may not take the Resources Background.
This is not to say that Gurahl remain dirt poor all their lives,
however. Many, in fact, do achieve some level of material
comfort and financial ease, but this wealth comes from in-game

88 Gurahl

eA

experience and roleplaying, not asa matter of course. The
restriction on Resources for beginning Gurahl emphasizes not
only the relative lack of materialism on the part of the werebears
but also the fact that so many Gurahl have only recently emerged
from withdrawal and thus have not had time to build up large
amounts of capital. New Gurahl, likewise, do not have as many
connections to money or materials as members of Changing
Breeds who have thoroughly established themselves in the mod-

em world.

Merits and Flaws

The Werewolf Players Guide contains numerous Merits
and Flaws which provide ways for players to customize their
aracters with their own unique quirks, advantages and disad-
Though designed primarily for use with Werewolf:

ase, most of these embellishments can apply to

and Flaws, however, simply do not suit the
rytellers should consider carefully be-
se these problematic or inapplicable

woided include: Pack Mentality,

iprmation, Slip Sideways, Sign of
Unlikely Merits and Flaws
eehnologically oriented ones such as Lightning Calcu-
ter Aptitude, Expert Driver and Mechanical
is highly improbable that a Gurahl (of all the
ds) would suffer from Taint of Corruption or
Corporate CEO (that forbidden

‘tbe finagled). Aside from these
jodify the existing Merits and

‘own special quirks that distinguish them

Breeds as well as from one another. While

following Merits and Flaws may apply to other
Breeds, most only pertain to Ursa's Children.

ring before your First Change have
caused you to emetp spice other than Arcas. Perhaps
your transformation came late in Tife, striking you after you had
attained full adulthood. Maybe your early years contained so
much strife or upheavals that your change catapulted you
directly into another auspice, skipping the "playful" stage of
your development as a Gurahl.

Whatever the details, your character begins as either an
Usmati, a Kojubat, a Kieh ora Rishi. This Merit differs from the
Merit: Rip Van Winkle since the Gurahl character is not one
of the newly awakened old ones but is, in fact, a recent addition
to the ranks of werebears. In addition, the character must
choose her beginning Auspice Gift from the auspice she begins
play with. (For example, a beginning Kojubat Gurahl with the
Merit: Early Maturation must start play with a Level One
Kojubat Auspice Gift, rather than Level One Gifts available to
Aras or Uzmati.)


Ser aS RE ST ERASER a LST maven

ee

Garou Companion (3 point Merit)

Despite the history of anger and hurt that exist between
Gurahl and Garou, you have acquired a werewolf as a compan-
ion. Although both of you prudently keep this relationship a
secret from your respective cultures, you value the insights your
companion gives you into the hot-tempered, fanatic zeal of
Gaia's fierce warriors. Your Garou friend may come from any of
the tribes, even the ones who once held the greatest enmity
toward the Gurahl. You only see your companion occasionally,
and you seldom travel together, but you feel that even limited
friendship with one of the Garou can go a long way toward
healing the damage caused by the War of Rage.

Rip Van Winkle (3-6 point Merit)

You woke up from a long slumber, and now the wi
world is new to you. On the down side, you have lost ma
your memories about who you were and what you knew.
know youareaGurahl, and you remembersome of the Gift
rites you used to know, but the rest lies buried in the fog o
On the up side, there's a strange and wonderful wot
just waiting for you to tackle it head on. Iy'sf
cubhood in many ways. Maybe this tip
(whatever "it" is).
Beginning the game with
create a beginning Gurahl
also gives the new chat
Auspice Gifts (though she!
she can begin play with).

trouble for your nie Stoxyeefles: In any event, p
tion to choosing Abilities when creatiyy
type. Almost no late slumberers of this y
Computer, for instance.

The number of poines spent i
determines what auspice your beg'
Gift choices available to her.
Your Gurahl begins as an Uzmati, and
choose her beginning Auspice Gift from eitl
Arcas or Uzmati categories.
Your Gurahl begins as a Kojubat, and she cant choose
her beginning Auspice Gift from among those as-
signed to the Arcas, Uzmati and Kojubat categories.
Your Gurahl begins as a Kieh, and she can choose her
beginning Auspice Gift from those assigned to the
Arcas, Uzmati, Kojubat or Kieh categories.

Your Gurahl begins as a Rishi, and she can choose
her beginning Auspice Gift from any category.

Umbral Affinity (3 point Merit)

Unlike most Gurahl, you do not have to physically rend the
Gauntlet toenter the Umbra. Like the Garou, youare able tostep
sideways without having to rely on the use ofa rite. Youneed only
concentrate on a reflective surface in order to pass through the

3 pts

4 pts

5 pts

6 pts

Chapter Three: The Song of Making

a

Reaching Beyond

Although the Gurah! cannot steal Gifts from other
Changing Breeds, a few Gurahl have demonstrated the
ability to use Gifts that are ordinarily beyond their Rank.
This process is called "reaching beyond," the desperate
attempttochannel great power in times of need. To mimic
such a Gift, the Gurahl needs to have seen another Gurahl
actually use it. Ifa cub has never seen another werebear use
Ursa's Coat, that cub cannot try to call on that Gift by
reaching beyond.

Toreach beyond, the cub's player must spend a perma-
nent point of Gnosis and make an Intelligence + Enigmas
ity 9). Ifhe gets at least one success, the cub may
se the Gift, although the difficulty of any rolls
Gift is increased by three. Natu-
at risk of botching at any stage, and
Bh are never pleasant. It isn't surprising
i-Jaan rarely tell cubs that they can do
all (not wanting to encourage the young

ow attached todancing in public, you
ko music. You enjoy going to clubs,
ral fess daring, a ceilidh — you name it. You
that other Gurahl look down on you for giving in to this
be cruel treatment of bears by humans, but their
lop you from indulging your weakness. The
ial rolls made to impress Gurah! who know

d by one.

to Humans (2 point Flaw)

society of humans fascinates you. You enjoy watching
antics, hearing their conversation and speculating about
otives. In Homid form, this attraction does not present
for you. However, if you are in Ursus or Bjomen form,

. pnerally react to your appearance in their midst with
less than Tendly gestures — and you often forget to shift into
Homid to go speak to them. This Flaw is particularly appropri-
ate for ursine Gurahl.

Clawless (3 point Flaw)

Bears' claws (and claws in general) serve as more than
weapons. They assist in balance, provide sturdy grips for trav-
eling on uneven surfaces and serve as handy scoops for getting
at tasty grubs buried in rotting logs. For some reason — Ursa
only knows — your Crinos, Bjornen and Ursine forms are
missing this important piece of anatomy, which puts you at a
severe disadvantage when moving about in the wilderness (+1
tothe difficulty forall movement-related actions) and hampers
you in combat, restricting you to paw buffets and bites. In
addition, you cannot leave messages in trees unless you use a

|


on aA"

knife to carve the marks (and you need hands — not paws — Gurahl to learn an Ursine Gift (and vice versa), she does so as
to do the job). This Flaw is the closest a Gurahl comes to what if the Gift were one level higher. Thus, a homid Gurah! must
might be considered a metis disfigurement. Fortunately, in be of atleast Rank Three to learn Weather Watch, for instance
Homid and Arthren forms, you have normal finger- and toe-

fal Homid Gifts

Abandoned Cub (4 point Flaw) The Breed Gifts of homid Gurahl pertain to dealing with

humans and their creations. In some cases, these Gifts endow

Like many Gurahl, you experienced your First Change the Gurahl with the ability to shape and control the natural

alone. Unlike other werebears, however, no mentor turned up world, much as the humans seek to do. Ancestor-spirits usually

to explain things to you. You received no mystical summons __teach these Gifts, unless otherwise specified.

that led you on a journey in search of your Bur jaan. Instead, © Persuasion (Level One) — As the Garou Homid Gift.

you had to come. Sc" i lomid form to act
tany outside assistance. Maybe it drove you ind leaders among their human Kinfolk.

ling to inst fsgion. Maybe you ran ‘ight (Level One) — THis Gift allows the

gjpide your monsfrai Utah light from the stargfto use as either a

ion for an area.

Geor to provide illumi:

came into contagt with the Gural : ¥ v Btellations of the Great ai ttle Bear need
straight. ' ~ ‘ sky for the Gift's iveness, their
You now know who and what ab Gife's power.
came with great cost, and you still hganehep ahl reaches toward the sky, as if to gather
of that time of terror between yotl a sath om ge A successful Charisma #Occult roll by the
Present state. 3 I's hands to fill witlfa soft, white light
If you chooge this Flaw, you may ic of moonlight) that cag either illuminate
Mentor. (The Storyteller may eventually f a fre feet or else cast a penéfrating ray of light
acter to a Buri-Jaan, but that will occur, if r : constellations Ursa Majpr and Ursa Minor

play.) Additionally, you may not purchase the
edge until you
justify learning

. ‘ * i 4 ontrol (Level Two) — Gift enables the
Gi S }
'

Mm the sky at the time the Giift is invoked, the
light doubles as well as the range. This Gift only

the temperature in her imm@liate vicinity from
in either direction, thus eqbling her to make
When we weré young and She was young, Gaia Herself tail Hig warmth or coolness afpund her that can
us Gifts of healing, \purification, protection and mys L buman-sized individuals. In certain situa-
She directed us to the spirits so that we could peti ih cans mean thi diference berween
knowledge instead of bothering Her every time anew Gi f hypothermia or hgftstroke.
to leama Gift. When sc Garou appeared on the sa ne 3 fr rolls Manipulgfion + Primal-Urge. A
them how to address its properly so that gre g fre Gurahl to gfter the temperature by
Gifes we already knew. | Bynk the Garayisjealo five da ional sucgffses allow her to either
diy realized that wf Chey earned aoe increasetl bange in.gemperature (in five degree
feet of Gaia. on increments, area tginclude additional creatures
As the oldest of the Chiang B h Ahave — (one more per
their own names for many Gifts they 4 are SGsrou. All °Do re (Level Two) — Similar to the
Gurahl begin with a Breed Gift, att Quspic@@ifeand a Gurahl Gauge Awn, this Gift allows the Gurahl to
Gift. Gurahl do not have Tribe Gifts. il ers baleful enough tocause opponents to
° " back aWayalg@phage and submission, in some cases leaving the
Breed Gitts ‘ vc eg :
fre: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy (difficulty 7)
Ad spends a Rage point. One or two successes so cows the target

Even after the War of Rage, a few of us stayed around to Watch
the human tribes grow and spread throughout the world. While the
Garou carried on their Impergium against the humans, we hid that he retreats from the area for one turn for each success
ourselves among them and learned from them. We also taught them (although the target can make a Willpower roll [difficulty 8] to
some of our customs, suchas the burial of the dead and how to sustain resist). Three successes causes the target to flee the area entirely,
themselves upon both plants and animals. Other Gurahl lived close ‘™umning only after the Gurahl has departed.
to our bear-kjn, making certain that they did not suffer at the hands Shape Matter (Level Three) — As the Garou Homid

of human hunters. Our breed Gifts pay tribute to our birthright and Gift: Reshape Object. The Gurahl originally learned this
help us exist among our Kinfolk. power from Gaia and used it as the basis for teaching humans

how to fashion tools (without the magic, of course). The
werebears also taught this Gift to the Garou, who renamed it
and claimed it for their own.

90 Gurahl

/ inane

Breed Gifts mirror the Gurahl's connection to either her
human or ursine Kinfolk. While it is possible for a homid


re SR OE SESE LAE a re sere a

* Sense Need (Level Three) — By opening her senses to
the world around her and listening to the unvoiced sounds of
suffering and despair, a Gurahl can focus on the often silent call
of someone in need of rescuing or succor. The legends of many
people (and of some Changing Breeds) contain stories in which
the timely appearance of one of the bear-folk saved the life of a
lost child, wounded warrior orstranded elder. Gurahl use this Gift
in their role as protector of Gaia's children.

System: The Gurahl clears her mind, and her player rolls
Perception + Empathy. A single success allows her to "hear" the
call or feel the pull of someone who needs help so long as that
individual is within a mile of the Gurahl. Additional successes
extend the range by téf-mile increments, to a maximurgjof 50
miles. No successg® means that the Gurahl fails tqfisense
anyone's troublegwhile a botch sends the Gurahl on f wild-

el Four) — Similar to thé Garou

immering
fire and po

difficult
S
aga

Gurahl can move Wid
ity of 1.

* Spirit Shield (Level Four)
Gift: Spirit Ward, which causes sg
from the Garou's presence,
friendly (or neutral) and unt
By tracing a sigil in the air af
amystical aura around her t
friendly and non-malicious spjiiwCpe
aura, though in most cases they

ing malevolent spirits from attacki

System: The player spends one
Manipulation + Rituals (difficulty 7).
vicinity of the Gurahl see the resulting t the
Gurahl's desire for privacy, maintaining thir distance. Hostile
spirits who attempt to attack a shielded Gurahl lose one die
from their Dice Pool for every success made on the roll to raise
the shield.

© Fearless Unveiling (Level Five) — Similar to the
Garou Homid Gift: Part the Veil, this Gift allows the Gurahl
to show himself in Crinos form to a specified human without
invoking the Delirium. This makes it possible for a Crinos
Gurahl to render assistance to or otherwise act with normal
humans without driving them mad. In most cases, once the
need for using the Gift passes, the Gurahl must perform the Rite
of the Ban to insure that the affected human does notremember
what she has seen. This does not prevent the human from

oe A ee

We Gifts >

"> Th
Sno

experiencing the Delirium ata later date, if she sees a Crinos
Gurahl (or any other werecreature) without the benefit of this
Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Empathy (difficulty 6). The effect of the Gift lasts
until the designated human leaves the presence of the Gurahl.

* Charismatic Presence (Level Five) — The Gurahl
exudes a compelling aura of attraction to humans. In the first
days, the werebears sometimes used this Gift to place them-
selves at the center of tribal bear-cults in Europe, Asia and
North America. They were thus able to form strong ties
between Gaia and their human Kinfolk.

System: The flayer rolls Charigg (difficulty

8). The number of sitcesses indigafts zhe siagtaF hénfollowing,
according to the following tg pt huss (who must
be within sight of the Gurgttl as egg OTe) will not take

fess the Gurahl some-
Alling to listen to whatever
ial rolls).

any hostile action towagtl
how breaks their trust
she has to say (-3 diff
é Size'of following
Peindividuals

individuals

pdividuals

ifts of the

asize a close connec-
abiding knowledge

pus
She

ly warning systey er

rebears) in th D the
BESPardless of their spag val
Gurahl, understands it acts

accordingly. The sound mimics that of a GurahQheg§ inti: +}
hence, other Gurahl and some bears may come to the aid ofthe
user of the Gift, while other creatures may simply flee from the
implied danger.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Primal-Urge. One success sends the cry to all
creatures within five miles. Each additional success expands
the range of the Gift's effect by another five miles, up to a
maximum of 50 miles. No successes indicates that the Gift has
failed, while a botch sends an inappropriate signal to creatures
in the vicinity.

* Burrow (Level Two) — As the Garou Metis Gift.

* Weather Watch (Level Two) — With this Gift, the
Gurahl can sense changes in the weather and make predictions
about approaching storms or other significant weather patterns
with some accuracy. The Gurahl need have no knowledge of

Chapter Three: The Song of Making 91


meteorology, climatology or other human means of weather
fe

recasting
System: After the Gurahl spends one full turn gazingat the
sky and smelling the air, the player spends a point of Gnosis and
rolls Perception + Primal-Urge. A single success allows her to
determine major changes in the weather (such as approaching
storms or periods of drought). Additional successes add specific
details to the Gurahl's predictions, such as how soon astorm will
strike, how long a dry-spell will last or the direction a tornado
is turning. No successes means thar the Gift fails; a botch gives
the Gurahl false information
* Pull of the Chosen Land (Level Three) — This Gift
allows a Gurahl to find the quickest route to his protectorate

regardless of where he is. If the Gurahl has been forcibly
relocated to an unknown location, he may still make his way
back to familiar territory, following an internal compass that
leads him home. An Earth-spitit teaches this Gift

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Perception + Primal-Urge (difficulty 7). This Gift works in the
Umbra as well as in the physical world.

* Shelter of the Earth (Level Three) — This Gift makes
it possible for the Gurahl to "disappear" amid the local land
scape, making use of tall grasses, trees or other features of the
terrainas camouflage. Rapid movement while so concealed gives
away the Gurahl's presence and location, but slow travel is
possible without breaking the natural cover

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Stealth and spends a

point of Gnosis. A single success provides the Gurahl with

Gurahl

minimal camouflage; three or more successes indicates that the
Gurahl remains completely concealed by the local terrain. If
there is no reasonable cover available, the Gift automatically
fails (though no Gnosis is lost). A botch means that the Gurahl
only thinks she is hidden, while in reality, anyone looking for
her can find her easily.

© Gnaw (Level Four) — As the (

© Sweet Swarm of Vengeance (Level Four)
can summon a swarm of angry bees to surround and harry an

rou Lupus Gift

The Gurahl

enemy. Dependingon local conditions, as few asa dozen ot as many
asa thousand enraged bees respond to the werebear's all. The type
of swarm that arrive on the scene depends on local availability, but
may consist of honeybees, wasps, hornets or any other indigenous
bee. The swarm follows the Gurahl's direction, attacking any
individual targeted by the werebear who summoned it. Depending
on the size of the swarm and the victim's vulnerability to stinging
attacks, the bees may serve as a distracting nuisance or may cause
the victim's death due to anaphylactic shock (severe allergic
reaction).

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma

Animal Ken. A single success results in the arrival of
up toa hundred bees, while additional successes increase the

of the swarm. Five successes can rouse an entire swarm of bees
from their winter torpor. No successes results in the failure of the
Gift, while a botch summons the bees but directs them at the
Gurahl rather than at their intended target. The swarm appears
within a minute of being summoned.


* Bear's Bounty (Level Five) —Like the Garou Metis Gift:
Totem Gift, this power comes from the Gurahl's relationship
with his totem spirit, Bear. By pleadinghisc:
aspects of Bear, the Gurahl can gain his totem'
of some appropriate Ability of

toone of the three

favor in the form

assistance. Ursa Major, for ex-
ample, might provide emergency shelter for the Gurahl or open
up an avenue to safety. Mangi, the Death Bear, might endow the
Gurahl with the ability to strike down an enemy with a single
blow. Ursa Minor might send a bear cub to the Gurahl to act as
a guide through unfamiliar lands

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Charisma + Rituals. If he fails this roll, nothing happens, and
the Gurahl may not ask again for one hour. If the player
botches, however, the Gurahl has offended the spirit in ques-
tion, and he must make the proper acts of contrition and
repentance before asking again.

* Call the Cave Bear (Level Five) — Similar to the Garou
Lupus Gift: Song of the Great Beast, this Gift enables the Gurahl
to summon her prehistoric (and extinct) ancestor, the cave bear,
to come to her aid. The creature arrives from the spirit world and
returns to its place of origin when its task is done. This Gift only
works if the Gurahl is in a secluded wilderness area.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Primal-Urge and
ve bear who answers the

spends a point of Gnosis. The
summons remains for one scene. Only one such creature will
come at any one time. While materialized, the cave bear has
the statistics ofa Bjornen Gurahl with maximum statistics (Str

9, Dex 3, Sta 9).

Auspice Gifts

These Gifts represent Luna's blessings, given tothe Gurahl
at the time of their creation. Because Gurahl, if they live long
enough, experience all auspices as they ag
eventually possible for most Gurahl to learn all of these

and develop, it is
Sifts.

Arcas

The Gifts associated with the new moon emphasize the
inquisitive and sometimes playful nature of the First Cub, for
whom the auspice is named. Of course, a bear's idea of "play"
does not always imply harmless behavior.

© Open Seal (Level One) — As the Garou Ragabash Gift

© Walk Like a Man (Level One) — This Gift enables a
Gurahl in Ursine, Bjornen or Crinos form to alter her footprints
(already humanlike) to resemble exactly a human step. With this
ability, a Gurah! may create a false trail to confuse and confound
An Ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift

pursue

System: The player rolls Dexterity + Stealth. One success
enables the Gurahl to leave humanlike footprints for the
duration of the scene. Additional successes increase the dura-
tion of the Gift. No successes means that the Gurahl cannot
alter her footprints.

* Cajole (Level Two) — A Gurahl may acquire some
item or piece of information simply by coaxing the targeted
individual. Expressions of wide-eyed innocence usually accom-
pany the activation of this Gift. Objectives of this Gift can
include anything from food and clothing to means of transpor-


a AA

tation, secret information or promises of sanctuary. A Gaffling
of Ursa Minor teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Empathy. One success
enables the Gurahl to obtain something minor (either an object
or a piece of knowledge) from his target. Additional successes
increase the importance or significance of the item or informa-
tion wheedled from the target. No successes means that the Gift
has no effect, while a botch angers the target, making it almost
impossible to acquire anything from him.

* Sense of the Prey (Level Two) — As the Garou
Ragabash Gift.

* Safe Passage (Level Three) — This Gift allows a Gurahl
(and those with him) to move through the land without leaving
any discernible traces of his passing. He does not leave footprints
or mark the landscape in any fashion, nor do those who travel
with him. A Bear-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Dexterity + Primal-Urge. A single success means that the Gift
works for the Gurahl, while additional successes allow him to
expand the Gift to encompass other individuals. The Gift lasts
for one scene.

* Trackless Waste (Level Three) — As the Red Talon
Gift.

* Favor of Ursa Minor (Level Four) — As the Garou
Ragabash Gift: Luna's Blessing.

* Rejuvenate (Level Four) — As Gurahl (or any creature,
for that matter) age, they tend to forget the playfulness of their
youth. This Gift combats the burdens of age, bodily decrepitude,
mental fatigue or world-weariness by imbuing its recipient with
a renewed zest for life. Sometimes, this refreshing of the spirit
manifests physically, by making the target feel and seem younger
than her actual years. Although this Gift does not literally make
the recipient younger, it does promote a desire to re-live the joys
of childhood, and it often leads to a change in lifestyle that
prolongs the illusion of youth and freshness. A Gaffling of Ursa
Minor teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Wits + Rituals (difficulty of the
target's Willpower). Each success causes the recipient to experi-
ence a temporary boost to one or more appropriate Traits, subject
to the discretion of the Storyteller. Additional temporary dice
may be added to Abilities suchas Athletics or Primal-Urge or may
returna pointof lost Willpower to the subject of the Gift. In other
cases, the effects of the Gift may manifest through roleplaying, as
a formerly jaded individual suddenly becomes interested in his
surroundings again. The feeling of rejuvenation lasts for any-
where from one scene to one week, according to the judgment of
the Storyteller. This Gift cannot be used on young people or
animals; only the weary of body or mind can benefit.

* Humiliate (Level Five) — By delivering a verbal
assault, the Gurahl can psychologically devastate a group of
opponents. In most cases, the loss of self-esteem engendered by
this Gift causes the victims to back down froma fight or flee the
vicinity. Even if the opponents manage to stand their ground
and fight, their attacks suffer from the belief that they will fail.
A Bear-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: After the Gurahl verbally castigates her target
(which may consist of up to five individuals), her player rolls
Charisma + Intimidation (difficulty 8). One success enables the

94
Ke aR

opponents to continue their intended attacks on the Gurahl, but
every action suffers a penalty of two dice. Two or three successes
cause the opponents to back down from the confrontation. Four or
more successes means that the victims flee from the area. This Gift
isa stronger and more permanent form of Dolorous Countenance,
since it affects multiple targets. In addition, its effects persist for
several days, sometimes leaving the victims (if they fail a Will-
power roll) with a permanent aversion to the Gurahl who humili-
ated them. This Gift only works on sentient creatures; it has no
effect on animals, spirits who lack the concept of feeling ashamed
or Wyrm-creatures.

* Natural State (Level Five) — With this Gift, a Gurahl
can cause a patch of ground to revert to its "natural" state of
wildness. Cultivated fields reject their carefully planted crops
and erupt in tall grasses and wildflowers; cabins (and their
furnishings) lapse into ruin; clear-cut land becomes filled with
saplings. While most Gurahl use this Gift to heal land that has
suffered the ravages of over-civilization or exploitation, a few
werebears delight in the sheer chaos caused by "trashing" a
poacher's camp or an executive's cabin in the country. An
Earth-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Manipulation + Repair. The number of successes determines
the extent to which the targeted area reverts to its original
state. One success causes only minor reversals to the area while
five successes can level a small building. The user of this Gift
can affect roughly 100 square feet of terrain.

Uzmati

The full moon brings with it the Gifts of the warrior. Most
Uzmati Gifts focus on enhancing combat abilities, both offensive
and defensive. While the Gurahl donothave thesame reputation
for warlike fierceness as the Garou, their talents in battle can
prove formidable — particularly when motivated by the need to
protect someone or something.

* Slash of the Death Bear (Level One) —Asthe Ahroun
Gift: Razor Claws. The GurahI calls out to Mangi ashe sharpens
his claws. «

Ultimatum (Level One) — By winning a contest of wills
against his opponent, a Gurahl may deliver an ultimatum which
reduces the actions of that enemy to a choice between two
alternatives. ("Come and get me or else flee like the coward you
are!") This Gift enables the werebear to dictate the form of attack
(or lack thereof), thus giving him an edge over his enemy. A
Wolverine-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player must engage the attention of his
enemy, then succeed in a contested Willpower roll. If he
succeeds, the Gurahl may then present a pair of options to his
enemy, who must comply with one or the other and may take
no action not specified by the Gurahl.

* Mangi's Strong Arms (Level Two) — This Gift bestows
added strength to the infamous "bear-hug," allowing a Gurahl to
‘squeeze his opponent to the point of unconsciousness or death. A
Gaffling in the Death Bear's service teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Strength + Primal-Urge and
spends a Gnosis point while concentrating on attracting the
favor of Mangi, which requires a full action. Each success adds
one die to the damage caused by a successful grappling maneu-

Gurahl

Se ee


Learning Auspice Gifts

In the old times, Gurahl learned Gifts from the
various auspices over the course of a lifetime. They no
longer have the leisure to do that. In all likelihood, the
Apocalypse will arrive before newly emerging Gurahl
have had time to experience all of Luna's personality
phases. This urgency has driven many Gurahl to seek
knowledge of Gifts outside their current auspice. With
‘some difficulty, therefore, it is possible for Gurahl to
"acquire Auspice Gifts not normally available to them.
‘in game terms, a Gurahl character may ‘pay the
‘experience point cost' for learning a Gift outside her
auspice ot breed (Level of Gift x 5) and acquire a Gift of
any level available to her Rank.

ips oan ti a

ver in combat. The Gurah! must expend this extra damage all
at once, though she may invoke the Gift before engaging in
battle and hold it in reserve until she succeeds in grappling her
‘Opponent.
* Threaten (Level Two) — By standing erect and roaring
a challenge, the Gurahl increases her ability to intimidate an
enemy, forcing him to cower in terror or retreat from battle
Altogether. A Bear-spirit (usually that of a grizzly or Kodiak)
Gteaches this Gift.
= System: The player rolls Charisma + Intimidation (diffi-._.
Sculty of the target's Willpower + 2, maximum difficulty of 10):
One or two successes force the enemy to cower in terror, while
ithree or more successes cause the target to turn and run. Five
= successes can incite a fear frenzy in werecreatures and yampires
((ie., supernatural creatures capable of succumbing to frenzy) or
Scause a human or other normal creature to fall into a coma (or
p dead) from fright. st
** Crush (Level Three) —This Giftdelivers the devastat-
ing damage of a bear-hug at a distance.This attack can break
id crush internal organs. At the very least, it forces the
air e Victim's lungs, rendering him unconscious. A
Gaffling of Mangi teaches this Gift.
System: The player rolls Strength + Brawl (difficulty of
Uthe victim's Dexterity + Dodge), The attack lands as'a normal
Br, strike, and inflicts aggravated damage. Additional suc-

is. The victim can' ‘Sttempt to soak damage normally, how-
vever, ifhe has taken atleast three Health Levels of damage after
Ssoaking he temporarily | loses' Consciousness from peving ue

Feesses add to the Gurahl's roll for damage on'a one-for-one

vidual an additional Incapacitated Health Level, thus making it
possible to sustain normally fatal damage without dying. The
Gurahl may use this Gift on herself, although she may not do so
if she has already reached Incapacitated.

* Strength of the Earth (Level Four) — As the Get of
Fenris Gift: Hero's Stand.

 Engulf the Prey (Level Five) — The Gurahl draws on
his connection to the earth, causing the ground beneath an
enemy's feet to open up, swallowing the victim whole or
trapping herso that she cannot escape further attacks. This Gift
can encompass an entire group of foes, provided they are within
close proximity toeach other. An Earth-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and a point of
Rage, then rolls Wits + Primal-Urge roll (difficulty 9). Ifsuccess-
ful, a yawning pit opens underneath a targeted foe (or foes). The
chasm is approximately 15 feet across and at least 50 feet deep.
Victims may attempt to avoid the pit by rolling Dexterity +
Dodge (difficulty 9). Three successes are necessary for them to
jump aside. One or two successes indicates that the victim has
fallen partially into the pit. The chasm closes almost immedi-
ately after opening, trapping (and crushing) anyone inside. Even
enemies only partly caught in the pit take eight dice of (soakable)
damage from the impact caused by the closing of the rift, and they
cannot extricate themselves unless they perform an appropriate
Feat of Strength to do so. A victim whose legs are caught (and
probably crushed) may not take any actions involving move-
ment (such as fleeing), while trapped arms prevent the use of
most weapons. Those caught fully in the pit take 10 Health
Levels (not dice!) of damage, and they are buried alive. Unless
reached quickly or able to free themselves (such as with the Gift:
Burrow), living victims will soon suffocate.

© Rage of the Mother Bear (Level Five) — The Gurahl
may invoke a white-hot anger which endows her with uncom-
mon rapidity of movement and action: This Gift allows a
Gurahl to take multiple actions during battle or to perform in
emergency situations which require fast responses and desper-
ate measures (such as pulling a companion out of the path of a
speeding car or a falling tree). A Jaggling of Ursa Major teaches
this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Dexterity + Rituals (difficulty 6). Each success gives the werebear
one additional action. The werebear must take all her extra
actions in the same turn, or they are lost.

Kojubat

The Gifts associated with Kojubat Gurahl often involve
some form of lore-gathering or artistry, since these werebears
specialize in preserving the traditions and stories of their Chang-
ing Breed. Communication with Gaia's creations (both animate
and inanimate) allow the Kojubataccess to much hidden lore and

* otherwise unattainable knowledge.
) © Beast Speech (Level One) — As the Garou Galliard Git.
§ >) © Stonesight (Level One) — The Gurahl can examine a
| stone or large rock, seeing "through" it to determine its use,
composition or potential. Of particular use to werebears who
? work with stone (as sculptors or builders), this Gift also gives the
} viewer information such as whether or not a stone contains
* specific minerals or fossils. An Earth-spirit teaches this Gift.


2 eer eee Teen SERRE STATA Seren hare peur savermambemen re

come el AAA

System: The Gurahl concentrates on the targeted stone,
while her player rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 7). A
single success reveals one essential fact about the stone's compo-
sition ("Its outer surface houses a crystalline interior"). Addi
tional successes contritute more information ("The shape of an
eagle in flight lurks within the stone's heart"). No successes
means that the Gurahl can determine nothing useful about the
stone, while a botch gives entirely false information.

* Eyes of the Soul (Level Two) — By concentrating on her
inner vision, a Gurahl may look beyond the outward facade of an
individual and determine that person or creature's true form. Similar
tothe Garou Philodox Gift: Scent of the True Form, this Gift allows
the Gurahl tose the precise nature of the targeted individual. In this
fashion, a Gurahl may identify members of other Changing Breeds,
vampires, faeries, mages or persons possessed by wraiths or spirits. A
Falcon-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Perception + Primal-Urge (diffi-
culty of the target's Willpower). A single success may deter-
mine whether or not the target is what she seems to be. Two or
more successes are nec

ry to identify the specific nature of
most targets; three successes are required to tell whether or not
an individual is a mage or serves as the vehicle for a wraith or
a spirit

* Song of Terra (Level Two) — By touching the earth and
concentrating on the sensations, a Gurah| may "hear" something
of the recent history of a particular place. Depending on how hard
he listens, the werebear may discover what has transpired in the
immediate vicinity within the past 24 hours (or longer, in some
cases). Use of this Gift enables a Gurahl to uncover evides

¢ of

significant occurrences, such as acts of violence, conversations or
the passage of creatures across the chosen piece of ground. An
Earth-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Gurahl places himself in an appropriate posi-
tion (either standing with unshod feet in full contact with the
ground, prone with an ear to the ground or kneeling with some
skin-to-earth contact. When the player spends a point of Gnosis
and rolls.Perception. + Primal-Urge (difficulty 8), the Gurahl
establishes a connection to the earth that enables him to learn
about one or more events that have taken place within the recent
past. One success provides the Gurahl with the most significant
happening within the last 24 hours. Further successes extend the
time period by eight hours per success (up to 48 hours) or, at the
Storyteller's discretion, provide information about other events
in the same vicinity. A failure provides no information, while a
botch gives a false accounting of what has happened on the spot.

* Mind Sight (Level Three) — This Gift enables the
Gurahl to read the surface thoughts of an individual creature
possessing an intelligence greater than that of an animal. The
Gurahl may not probe the target's mind or uncover knowledge
that the target wishes to keep hidden. A Chimerling teaches
this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls Wits
+ Empathy (difficulty of the subject's Willpower). Each success
gives the Gurahl access to one "idea" foremost in the target's
mind. No successes means that the werebear cannot read the
thoughts of her target, while a botch gives the Gurahl a false
reading. This Gift works on supernatural creatures as well as
humans, although vampires, mages, changelings and members of


other Changing Breeds may resist the Gurahl's attempt to read
their minds by spending a point of Willpower.

* Mind to Mind (Level Three) — Similar to the Garou
Galliard Gift: Mindspeak, this Gift differs in that it does not
require adreamlike state for its effect. The Gurahl simply makes
a mental call to those individuals he wishes to contact and, if

they are willing, establishes.a connection with their minds. An
Ant-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Expression (dif
ficulty of the target's Willpower) and spends a point of Will
power for each individual he wishes to contact. If an individual
wants to resist this form of mental communication, she must
spenda point of Willpower. The Gurahl and all those involved
in the linking of minds may communicate with one another as
if they were speaking aloud. Individuals inside the link may
perform other actions, but they suffer a one-die penalty to
actions which require concentration to accomplish. Each per
son must be within line of sight to maintain the connection.
The effect lasts until the Gurahl breaks the link or all members
leave the area of visibility.

* Shadows by the Fire Light (Level Four) — As the
Garou Galliard Gift.

* Probe Thoughts (Level Four) — More intrusive than
the Gift: Mind Sight, this Gift enables the Gurahl to uncover
hidden information in the target's mind. The belief by many
tribal people that bears have the ability to read minds may come
from witnessing or experiencing the use of this Gift. A Snake:
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player spendsa point of Gnosis and rolls Wits
+ Empathy (difficulty of the subject's Willpower). For every
success, the Gurahl may uncover one thought that lies below
the surface of her target, even if the subject deliberately
attempts to suppress the thought. Use of the Gift on supernatu
ral creatures requires a point of Willpower to be spent as well as
Gnosis.

* Aversion Therapy (Level Five) — Gurahl use this Gift
torehabilitate wrongdoers or force those who cause great harm
to stop performing certain actions. In essence, the werebear taps
into the individual's emotions and links one or more of them
with the thought of performing the forbidden deed. For ex
ample, an arsonist might have his thoughts of setting fires linked
with uncontrollable sadness. So long as he even considers
burning something, he is rendered helpless by wracking sobs and
inexplicable feelings of loss. Such a linkage, once established,
lasts for a year and a day.

System: The playerspendsa pointofGnosisand rolls Wits
+ Empathy (difficulty of the subject's Willpower). Ifthe Gurahl
uses this Gift on other supernatural creatures, the Gurahl must
spend a point of Willpower to do so.

* Prophetic Vision (Level Five) — Gurahl lorekeepers
credit this Gift for providing the earliest warning of the War of
Rage, even though many werebears ignored or misinterpreted
the omens drawn from its use. By entering a deep trance, a
Gurah| may send his mind beyond the barriers of time and catch
a glimpse of what the future holds. Words as well as visions
come to the werebear, warning or alerting him to things that
have yet to transpire. Unfortunately, these images, while vivid
and often dramatic, require interpretation. Many who use this

|

|

eA.

Gift fail to understand what they have seen and heard. Gurahl
believe that the disturbing images and phrases that seem to
penetrate current uses of this Gift herald the impending Apoca-
lypse. Phoenix teaches this Gift.

System: The Gurahl assumes a meditative state, while his
player rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 9). The player may
spend Gnosis to lower the difficulty at the rate of one per Gnosis
point. Almost immediately, the werebear begins to sense words
and images, many of them distorted or extremely cryptic. The
Storyteller should not make these "visions" of the future
impossible to fathom, but she should try tochallenge the player
by leaving many avenues of interpretation open. No successes
means that a vision or message from the future fails to come to
the Gurahl, while a botch gives the werebear a false vision or
warning.

Kieh

Gurahl in their Kieh auspice pay particular attention to
matters of healing and of the spirit world. In many ways, they
serve as ministers to the bodies and souls of Gaia's creatures.

© Diagnose (Level One) — By studying an individual, the
Gurahl can determine the general state of health, frequently
enabling her to identify any ailments or diseases present in the
person's body. A Bear-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Gurahl concentrates on her target, and her
player rolls Perception + Medicine (difficulty 7). One success
allows her to assess the general health of the target, while
additional successes enable her to home in on specific diseases
such as lung disorders, stomach ailments, viruses and chronic
problems. No successes means that the Gurahl cannot deter-
mine anything about the individual, while a botch conveys a
false diagnosis (which could prove dangerous to the target).

* Spirit Speech (Level One) — As the Garou Theurge
Gift.

Refresh (Level Two) — In battle, the winner usually
manages to achieve victory by outlasting the loser. Wounds
weaken a combatant, making him more vulnerable to further
damage and eventual death. This Gift enables a Gurahl to perform
the equivalent of "battlefield medicine," temporarily alleviating
damage to an ally (or to himself). Although wounds are not
permanently healed through this Gift, the recipient may ignore
any damage, giving him a second wind which often means the
difference between victory (and survival) and defeat (ordeath). A
Bear-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Gurahl enacting this Gift must be within
touching distance of her target. By spending a point of Gnosis,
rolling Wits + Medicine (difficulty 6 for herselfand 7 for another
creature) and touching his target, the Gurahl may temporarily
"heal" as many Health Levels of damage (aggravated or not) as
he has successes. This effect lasts for the duration of an entire
combat scene. Damage suffered after the Gift's use accumulates
normally. Afterward, the damage that has been deferred returns
at the rate of one Health Level per turn unless healed by a Gift
or through medical care.

* Sense the Unnatural (Level Two) — As the Garou
Lupus Gift.

* Exorcism (Level Three) — As the Garou Theurge Gift.

© Name the Spirit (Level Three) — As the Garou Lupus
Gift.

© Spirit Healing (Level Four) — The Gurahl not only
serve as Gaia's healers in the physical world, they also have the
ability torepair damage done to Umbral spirits. This Giftallows
a Gurahl in the Umbra to replenish the Power of a "wounded"
spirit. A Bear-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The Gurahl must be in the Umbra to activate this
Gift, which requires a roll of Charisma + Occult (difficulty of
the spirit's Willpower). If the roll succeeds, the Gurahl may
transfera temporary point of his own Gnosis tothe spirit, which
it converts into five points of Power. The Gurahl may spend as
much Gnosis as he deems necessary and can afford. Use of this
Gift usually puts the spirit in the Gurahl's debt, allowing the
werebear to call upon the spirit for assistance in the future.

© Spirit Shape (Level Four) — The Gurah! may assume
the countenance and form of a creature native to the Umbra,
appearing to other spirits as one of their own kind. In this
fashion, a werebear can travel in parts of the Umbra which
might otherwise prove inimical or hostile. A Coyote-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The Gurah! must enter the Umbra in order to
invoke this Gift. Once the Gurahl is past the Gauntlet, the
player rolls Appearance + Enigmas (difficulty 7) and spends a
point of Gnosis. The Gurahl's body then assumes the appear-
ance of an Umbral creature, usually a Jaggling of some sort. In
parts of the Umbra controlled by the Tapestry Maker, the
Gurahl may take the form of a Pattern Spider. A single success
allows the Gift to take full effect, while no successes means that
the Gurahl can not alter her appearance. A botch means that
the Gurahl assumes a spirit-form whose presence attracts a
number of hostile spirits. The Gift remains in effect until the
Gurahl leaves the Umbra.

Restore Sanity (Level Five) — This Gift allows the
Gurah! to completely restore the mind of an individual who has
suffered an intense mental catastrophe or who has been delib-
erately driven insane by an.enemy. Unlike the Gurahl Gift:
Ease the Fevered Mind, this Gift does not affect chronic mental
states or permanent forms of insanity; it simply restores a
traumatized mind to its former state. A Jaggling of Ursa Major
teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Wits + Empathy and spends a
point of Gnosis. Only one success is necessary to bring the Gift's
recipient back from the edge of fear or trauma-induced mad-
ness. The effects of this Gift are permanent unless something
else occurs to shatter the subject's mind again. This Gift cannot
heal certain permanent Derangements (such as metis disfigure-
ments ora Malkavian's madness), although with five successes,
the Gurahl can cure Harano.

© Image of the Sky Bear (Level Five) — The Gurahl's
body glows with the light of the Great She-Bear, outlining his
form with seven pinpoints of light that correspond to the seven
stars of Ursa Major. Using the borrowed power of the spirit of
the Great She-Bear, the Gurahl may perform extra acts of
healing or protection, depending on the circumstances. A
Jaggling of Ursa Major teaches this Gift.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls Wits
+ Rituals to call down the image of the Sky Bear. He may use the

Chapter Three: The Song of Making 99

0 APSF

a


a AA

power thus gained (and represented by the Gurah's starry out-
line) for up to seven actions to heal wounds (even aggravated),
add temporary Health Levels or provide the equivalent of body
armor. Each such action causes one of the seven pinpoints of light
to "blink out," signaling the expiration of the Gift. The effects,
however, last until lost through incurring damage.

Rishi

Naturally, the Rishi's Gifts reflect the wisdom of age and
the ability to properly adjucate situations. They allow the Rishi
tokeep peace among his own kind, mortals and other Changing
Breeds alike.

* Befriend (Level One) — With this Gift, the Gurahl can
alter the emotions of a potentially hostile individual so that the
target responds to the werebear with a friendlier attitude than
he originally had. A Gaffling of Ursa Minor teaches this Gift

System: The Gurahl assumes a non-threatening physical
attitude, and his player rolls Charisma + Empathy. One success
defuses hostility by altering it to a cautious neutrality. Addi-
tional successes improve the target's disposition toward the
Gurahl. Nosuccesses indicates no change in the target's original
emotional state, while a botch increases the target's hostility

¢ Truth of Gaia (Level One) — As the Garou Philodox
Gift.

* Compel Truth (Level Two) — By using the force of his
presence, aGurahl may force a targeted individual to speak only
the truth as she perceives it. A Falcon-spirit teaches this Gift

System: The playerspendsa point of Gnosis and rolls Wits
+ Empathy (difficulty of the target's Willpower). The ta
must refrain from lying for one minute for each success gained.
Failure means that the Gift has no effect, while a botch only
seems to work.

* Presence of the Great Bear (Level Two) —Similar to the
Garou Philodox Gift: King of the Beasts, this Gift enables the
Gurahl to influence other bears (one at a time) to follow her
commands and assisther willingly. A Bear-spirit teaches this Gift

System: The target bear must be within the immediate
vicinity of the Gurahl (100 feet). The player rolls Charisma +
Animal Ken against a difficulty which varies depending on the
nature of the Gurah!'s relationship with the bear (see chart). This
Gift does not summon bears; the target must already be present

pet

Relationship Difficulty
Sibling 3
Kinfolk 4
Feed and care for 6
Strange bear 8

Angry or hostile bear 10

* Ways of the Tapestry (Level Three) — This Gift
allows the Gurahl insight into how pieces of a puzzle or a
mystery fit together, and it can cast some light on how an event
fits into the Gurahl's past, present or possibly future. A Weaver-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8)
Each success gives the Gurahl an important fact about the
problem confronting him. The Storyteller should present these
facts as hints rather than direct statements, but should not
make them so cryptic as to be indecipherable.

100


2 amr eran pee ares

* Waken (Level Three) —The Gurahl may awaken most
creatures from unnatural slumber or supernatural sleep through
using this Gift. By touching the targeted individual, a werebear
can rouse a vampire from torpor or bring a Gurahl out of
Bhernocht-inspired slumber. Occasionally, this Gift may awaken
a creature affected by Rite of the Long Sleep. A Fox-spirit
teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Wits + Rituals (difficulty of the
target's Willpower) and spends a point of Gnosis. To overcome
the effects of Rite of the Long Sleep, the Gurahl must also
expend a point of Willpower. Recipients of this Gift do not
necessarily appreciate its use, and they may react accordingly.

* Bestow Ursa's Blessing (Level Four) — A Gurahl may
call down the favor of the Great Bear on an individual of her
choosing, granting that person or creature some tangible bonus or
piece of good fortune. A Jaggling of Ursa Major teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Wits + Occult and spends a point
of Gnosis while describing the specific nature of the blessing she
wishes to bestow. This boon can take the form of an automatic
success in some endeavor by the recipient, or it may manifest as
a temporary addition to one of the target's Attributes (such as an
extra die in Strength or Intelligence). If the Gurahl wishes to
make the blessing a permanent one, she must sacrifice a point of
permanent Gnosis to do so.

© Quell Mob Rage (Level Four) — By speaking calmly
and deliberately, the Gurahl can dispel the anger of a crowd,
disperse lynch mobs or stop a riot before it starts. A Weaver-
spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Charisma + Leadership (difficulty of
the highest Willpower among the membersof the target group) and
confronts the angry crowd (which may consistof up to 50 individu-
als). Each success causes a step-down in hostility of one degree (i.e.,
hostile crowds become discontented, discontented mobs become
neutral, and neutral groups tend toward friendliness). Ifthe Gurah!
rolls more than three successes, he may further manipulate the
crowd to accept his own beliefs ot ideas in place of the ones that
sparked the initial anger.

* Oath of the Great Bear (Level Five) — Similar to the
Garou Philodox Gift: Geas, this Gift enables the Gurahl to make
an oath that an individual or group swears is binding. While the
terms of the oath cannot force the recipient toact in ways thatare
detrimental to himself, the binding words can demand almost
anything else within the victim's physical or mental capability. A
Jaggling in service to Ursa Major teaches this Gift.

System: The player rolls Manipulation + Leadership (dif-
ficulty of the recipient's Willpower) and spends a point of
Gnosis. If the Gurahl wishes to affect a group, the difficulty of
the roll is determined by the member of the group with the
highest Willpower. If the victim breaks the terms of the oath,
she begins to lose Willpower ata rate of one point per day. Ifher
Willpower reaches zero, she begins to lose some other Trait or
Attribute. This process continues until the victim either dies,
adheres to the original oath or successfully petitions the Gurahl
to release her from the oath.

* Words of Doom (Level Five) — This Gift enables a
Gurahl to curse an individual (or an allied group of individuals
up to five in number), punishing them for some gross misdeed.
Some werebears believe that the origin of the Silver Fangs' tribal

Chapter Three: The Song of Making

EE EE TE Le A

ces 1D ag LEANER EDD ITE TES ALE

insanity resulted from a curse placed upon them for their part in
the War of Rage. Gurahl who use this Gift tread a thin line
between serving Gaia and becoming a tool of the Pattern
Breaker, since the pronouncement ofa curse upon an individual
or group often reflects adversely upon the speaker, touching her
spirit with darkness. A Worm-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: After the Gurahl states the terms of the curse, the
player rolls Wits + Occult (difficulty 9) and sacrifices a point of
permanent Gnosis to seal the effect. The words used must
specifically describe the terms of punishment along with the
means for lifting or escaping the curse ("You and your descen-
dants shall never know unsullied happiness until you return that
which you stole from my people."). If the nature of the curse is
particularly harmful, detrimental, or far-reaching, the Storyteller
may require that the Gurahl character give up two or even three
points of permanent Gnosis instead of one,

Gurahl Gifts

These Gifts, taught to the Gurahl by Gaia and by the
three-aspects of Bear, mirror the special place the werebears
occupy as protectors, defenders, nurturers and healers. Unless
otherwise specified, Bear-spirits or spirit-servants of Mangi,
Ursa Minor and Ursa Major teach these Gifts.

* Fiddlefish (Level One) —By invoking this Gift and
scooping her hand (or paw) into a river, stream or other body
of water where fish may be found, a Gurahl can guarantee
herself a nutritious dinner. Using this Gift presents the Gurahl
with a fish large enough to' satisfy her hunger. If a Gurahl
overuses this Gift (particularly if she returns to the same spot
cover and over), Gaia's disapproval the implied greed or laziness
manifests in a failure to procure a.meal. While two or more
Gurahl may each acquire a fish from one spot through using this
Gift, an individual Gurahl may not snare more than one fish
through the use of Fiddlefish unless she moves at least a half
mile up or down stream from the original casting place.

System: So long as she attempts to acquire a single fish, a
Gurah! does not need to spend Gnosis or make a roll for this
Gift to succeed. If the Gurahl wishes more than one fish and
makes the effort to relocate to another spot, the player may roll
Dexterity + Athletics to see if Gaia blesses the Gurahl with
additional fish. Success means that the Gurahl gains another
large, tasty fish, Failure results in no additional fish, while a
botch means that Gaia is displeased with the Gurahl, who must
then make appropriate restitution before trying to use the Gift
again. Until a Gurahl atones for a botched attempt at invoking
this Gift, future uses of Fiddlefish fail automatically.

* Healing Tongue (Level One) — As the Garou Theurge
Gift: Mother's Touch. Ursa Major taught this Gift to the
Gurahl who passed it on to the Garou, who know it by a
different name.

* Ignore Wounds (Level One) — As the Garou Philodox
Gift: Resist Pain. This Gift comes to the Gurahl from Mangi,
the Death Bear. The Gurahl, in turn, taught the Garou how to
petition Bear for the Gift, which the wolves renamed and
claimed as their own.

* Sense Pattern Breaker (Level One) — As the Garou
Metis Gift: Sense Wyrm.

101


* Sentinel's Warning (Level One) — The use of this Gift
allows a Gurahl to become alert to the presence of threats or
hostile forces or individuals in his protected lands. The Gift
manifests in the Gurahl's consciousness as a feeling of unease and
discomfort. Unlike the Merit: Danger Sense, which is always
"on," this Gift requires a conscious effort to activate it in order
for it to work. Both mortal and supernatural dangers trigger the
effects of this power, making it impossible for the Gurahl to
determine the precise type of threat involved. A Raven-spirit
teaches this Gift

System: To invoke this Gift, a Gurahl must roll Perception
+ Alertness and spend pointof Gnosis. The Gift'seffects last for
one scene per success rolled. No successes means that the Gift
fails to function. A botch produces false triggers which can send
the werebear off on a wild goose chase.

 Nature's Plenty (Level One) —This Gift allows a Gurahl
to locate sufficient food, healing herbs or other use!
to feed or tend to an individual creature in need of his ministra
tions. Regardless of the seasons, enough of the required plants or
herbs may be found, even if they are hidden under deep snows or
only grow in normally inaccessible places.

System: To activate this Gift, the player rolls Perception
+ Primal-Urge (difficulty 7). One success is sufficient to lead
the Gurahl to food or healing herbs, but not both. If a Gurahl
seeks to find both herbal remedies and food plants, at least two
successes are necessary (one for each class of vegetable matter
sought). No successes means that the Gurahl cannot find any
suitable plants in the vicinity of the Gift's activation, while a
botch leads the Gurahl to non-nutritious or even toxic plants
(Storyteller's discretion).

© Ursa's Cleansing (Level One) — As the Fianna Gift
Resist Toxin.

* Calm (Level Two) — As the Children of Gaia Gift

* Grisly Aspect (Level Two) By using this Gift, a
Gurahl assumes a truly frightening aura, augmenting his height,
mass and general appearance. If a Gurahl uses this Gift while in
full Crinos form, the effect is terrifying hl often invoke this
Gift to dishearten opponents before a battle; in some cases, the
effect is so traumatic that an enemy flees without engaging in
combat. Besides enhancing a Gurahl's horrific appearance, this
Gift also enables the user to emit a pheromone that invokes a
panic response among herbivores and arouses dread in even the
most voracious carnivores. By provoking an enemy to flight, a
Gurahl often manages to avoid having to battle an opponent
head-on. This Gift is useful in cases where enemies are not
Wyrm-creatures but are merely misguided or petty attackers.
The Gift is especially effective against hunters and poachers

System: To activate this Gift, the player rolls Charisma +
Intimidation (difficulty equal to the target's Willpower). One
success causes the target creature to falter in his tracks, often
rethinking his intent to attack the Gurahl. Three or more
successes routs the victim completely, sending him into a head-
long rush to escape the terror that has suddenly manifested in his
presence. No successes means that the Gurahl fails to evoke the
proper fearsome aspect, while a botch results in an immediate
attack by the enraged (and often panicky) target. The use of this
Gift while in Crinos form has occasionally resulted in the sudden
death of human victims from heart failure.

aaa as /

A dere entrar ume thniroestomtheeee tanta mle coeetecieteetateen uaa igectea acaieaaae naan

came aI) If p

* Treeshake (Level Two) — This Gift allows the Gurahl
to procure ample food for one or more individuals simply by
grasping the trunk ofa tree and shaking acorns and other edible
tree-fruits to the ground where they can be gathered up and
eaten, The tree does not have to be a fruit-bearing tree in order
to give forth food, nor does it have to be "in season."

System: The player rolls Strength + Rituals (difficulty 7)
and spendsa point of Gnosis. One success provides enough food
to feed one individual. More successes add to the bounty of the
harvest.

* Survival of the Bear (Level Three) — As the Silent
Striders Gift: Adaptation.

© Dreams of the Buri-Jaan (Level Three) — This Gift
allows the Gurahl to send out a series of spirit calls or dream
visions to a known cub which she has chosen to mentor. The
dreams and visions so produced both act as a summons and
provide directions to the new Gurahl, leading her (if she listens
to them) to her Buri-Jaan.

System: The player spends. point of Gnosis and rolls Wits
+ Occult (difficulty equal to the distance his dreams have to
travel according to the table). Additional points of Gnosis can
strengthen the power and persuasiveness of the dreams or vi-
sions. The Gurahl usually performs this Gift at least once every
three days until the arrival of the targeted cub, It is possible to
send dreams without a clear target on the chance that a Gurahl
cub is "out there" waiting for some direction; in this case, all
difficulties are increased by two, to a maximum of 10.

Distance separating Buri-Jaan and Cub _ Difficulty

less than a mile 4

up to 10 miles 5
up to 100 miles 6
up to 250 miles 7
up to 500 miles 8
up to 1000 miles 9
more than 1000 miles 10

* Ease the Fevered Mind (Level Three) — With this
Gift, a Gurahl can minister to victims of emotional or spiritual
trauma. In this fashion, Gurahl may treat victims whose minds
have fractured into multiple personalities, guide schizophrenics
back from their delusional realities and heal traumatized or
abused individuals. Regardless of whether a patient suffers from
physiologically based mental illnesses or from stress- or trauma-
related problems, the use of this Gift can temporarily remove or
ease the effects of many common Derangements. Through
repeated use of this Gift on the same individual, and by
expending Willpower over an extended period of time, a
Gurahl can permanently remove a Derangement.

System: For each success in a Perception + Medicine roll
(difficulty 7), the Gurahl may suppress his target's insanity,
emotional turmoil or Derangement for one scene. By amassing
20 successes over an extended period of time (with no interven-
ing failures or botches), a Gurahl may succeed in the perma-
nent removal ofa Derangement or mental disease. No successes
means that the Gurahl has failed in using the Gift to calm or
soothe her patient, while a botch inflicts the targeted Derange-
ment or trauma upon the Gurahl herself for as long as the
Storyteller deems is necessary to overcome it. Gurahl may not


&
=

AZ

apply this Gift to themselves. Although a Gurahl may some- them. This is the Gift which resulted in the mass awakening of
times effect miraculous cures of mental illnesses through the many Gurahl when the Storm Eater was loosed.

use of this Gift, unless the root cause of the problem is ad- Systems The player sacrifices three points of Gnosis and
dressed, the Derangement or trauma may recur. one point of Rage. No roll is necessary

Masking the Hunted (Level Four) — Through the use 25
of this Gift, a Gurahl can employ available terrain to form a R ites
secure sanctuary for individuals or creatures who are pursued by
hunters. Brush thickens, bushes clump together into impassable Ceremonies and rituals play a major part in the life of a
growths and grasses conceal tracks or else flatten in such away Gurahl. The werebears originated many rites now practiced by
as to produce a false trail. Olfactory stimuli add to the effect of the Garou, particularly those regarding purification and healiny
this Gift, leading astray those creatures who or by scent. — AsGurahl age, they become more concemed with rituals, spend-
Though the duration of this Giftg ing most of their tit wold rites and even creating ne
enough fora victim toel Pree cite ones. Storytelleg che
up to 12 human or large,
twice as many smaller cr@
System: The

- > el and : f

a a ernee Hh ingle Wercbe: ar to perform them.
poine of Gnosis to enact this Gif i aty th es iny, bgtWeen two Gurahl, while
for the Gift to have its effe d i ‘ ‘Oup-participa ape for else draw additional

longer duration and a more Wig present).
indicates that the attempt to MIBVi ia'"evincks ocho requnie a
borch draws the hunter to the jerwise noted in the descrip
those under her protection.
* Gaia's Breath (Level Fi #5 5

Gurahl may learn this powerful chi . f and Leave-taking
closely guarded secret. By using this Gig oGuratgg h

departed spirit to a dead wer

Gurahl, nor has Gaia's
has been dead for

Gnosis and Willpower : f \ xs tere is some question as

je j au 5 clved in the rite
Bente ee a "ae k Lh the other. If this i

eereetingona friendly
of the target's Will-

aggravated damage)
Additional successes réj
basis. Missing body pai

Gift, although other Gff NUH HH
eyes. Failure to achieve
unable to recall the spirft}p ;

malicious spirit (usually y 5 must physically ripa hole in the
‘one attempt may be made on a5 ‘ . Ey mI eyond theconfinesof the physical
* Great Grandfather's Sun a ish this feat, the Gurahl transforms into
of great need or dire emergency, this powerfer opefiing into the Umbra and steps through. The
Gift enables the Great Grandfather (or Ancient One) to send tear itsthedlitely seals itself behind the Gurahl. This action
out a summons to all Gurahl, calling them to his side so that he invokes the Delirium in normal humans who inadvertently come
can inform them of the reason for the call. The summons is so upon. a Gurahl in the process of passing between the worlds.
powerful that it can even awake Gurahl who are locked in the System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
sleep of hibernation. Gurahl need not respond to the summons, Charisma + Rituals versus a difficulty of the local Gauntlet.
and some, in fact, refuse or ignore the call of the Ancient One. The time it takes to open a hole in the Gauntlet and pass
Most Gurahl, however, gather together healing items, weapons —_ through depends on the number of successes gained in the roll.
and food, then travel to where the Great Grandfather waits for One success means that it takes the Gurahl five minutes to
enter the Umbra. Two successes shortens the time to 30

104 Gurahl

SS ee

|


Sere eran ere core ere coe arve r ca rem mma rensmerenre

came a of Ds

seconds, while three or more successes indicates an almost tained within. The information gained from this rite usually
instantaneous ripping and crossing. No successes means that__pertains to the Gurah who reads the omens and has to do with
the Gurah! fails to tear the fabric of the Gauntlet, and he may __the immediate future

not mak

nother attempt until an hour has passed. A botch System: After catching the fish (which should be accom-

strands the Gurahl halfway between the two worlds. The plished without the use of the Fiddlefish Gift), the Gurahl rolls
Guraht'saffinity for the Earth makes returning from the Umbra

Intelligence + Enigmas (difficulty 8). The number of successes
a simple process, requiring no roll

determines how clearand intelligible the omensand portents are.

ite of the Changing Moon Rite of True Mating

Level Two Level Two

These rites mark a Gurahl's passage from one auspice to This rite, when performed, allows the Gurahl to find a
another. The subject of the rite first undergoes a ritual cleans- @& suitable mate from among her Kinfolk. Only Gurahl who have
ing, including a day-long fast anda ceremonial bath. At the end, ached full adulthood (i.e., are no longer considered Atcas) may
of her purification, she burns an item sy is rite, since the werebears do not believe in casual acts of
auspice (i.¢., a child's toy for Arca ‘o enact the rite, the Gurahl fashions a small bag,
Uzmati). Next she adorns hegs adrop of her blood and a cutting of her hair.
suitable to her new auspicesiil d herneck for three days and nights, after
the other participants acts asa homing beacon, pulling the
and (new) auspice. ‘infolk suitable for mating. (Of
using her name and targeted Kinfolk naturally.)
follows the formal por ns the actions described above,

System: No roll is nosis and rolls Charisma +
be followed for the rite

Rite of the Healing Winds

several suitable Kinfolk.
Level Two

‘The Gurah! use this ceremony to cleanse the fe Finding the Ancient Cache

poisons, whether in the form of gases, liquids (such ree
spills) or airborne viruses and biologi
the Gurahl enters the Umbra (usi
summons and binds Chinook-sp
spirit to the place that needs clef
cold scours the land, water a
vegetation, ridding them of toxit
temperature in the vicinity to d
which lasts for no more than 24 Ff
damage to the local flora and fauna.
This rite is a favorite of the lc
gather in groups to summon Chinook-a

ss is enough to ensure the
scesses indicate that the

urahl enacting it to locate the
s of his people. Before their
the Gurahl hid many of
within the earth. They
f these precious items;
of Gurahl elders who

(or group of Gurahl) gain
(e's location. With each enactment of
nowledge of where to find the sought-for
es more precise. Eventually, the rite leads the
Gurahl whose lands need purifying. fe actual site itself and opens a gateway or passage
System: The Gurahl enters the umbra, and ro place. (If the ancient cache lies in the Umbra, the
lation + Rituals to locate and summon a Chinook-spiry the Gauntlet in order to gain access to it.)
may use the guidelines described in Axis Mundi: The pas gained access to the cache, he usually has
Spirits for propitiating spirits and offering them ching ea ning the complicated locks which
order to gain the cooperation of the Chinook-s, ders. The form this rite takes
difficulty of the roll depends on the level of pg d containing movements
targeted region. A badly poisoned area, fofMinstance may —_and steps that mimic the actions of a search party.
require a difficulty of 8 or higher (to a maximum of 10 for sites System: The player rolls Wits + Enigmas (difficulty 8 or 9,
of nuclear waste or strong chemical toxins). Nosuccessesmean _ dependingon how well the cache is hidden). Each success gives
that the rite simply fails, while a botch indicates that the the Gurahl a sense of where to go to locate the desired object
performance of the rite has angered the Chinook-spirit. The Gurahl must accumulate a total of seven successes in order

5 . tohome in on the cache. This requirement usually necessitates
Rite of the River-Portent several repetitions of the rite in order to gather enough suc-
Level Two cesses. A failure simply means that the rite must be performed

Gurahl use this rite as a means of foretelling the future. 488i and that the Gurahl has come toa poor ee the
The Gurahl enacting the rite snags a fish with his claw froma "Journey" to the cache. A botch sends the Gurabl off on an
stream, splits open the fish's belly and reads the omens con- _htirely wrong direction.

Chapter Three: The Song of Making 10S

en ee eee

|


|

Rite of the Pure Land

Level Three

The Gurahl use this rite to purify a specific area of
pollution, sickness, destruction caused by natural disasters or
Wyrm-taint by reestablishing broken connection between
Gaia and the damaged or tainted land. To perform this rite, a
Gurahl mixes her blood with a handful of soil from the land that
needs purification. She uses this paste of blood and earth to
describe a line around the perimeter of the designated area. A
Gurahl may cleanse as large a space as she wishes, but she pays
for the cost in her own blood, taking damage in proportion to
the amount of blood she spills to make enough paste to outline
the area. (One square mile may be purified per Health Level of
damage assumed.) A group of Gurahl may choose to perform
this rite together in order to cleanse very large portions of land.

Ritual dances and prayers for healing (spoken in the Gutahl
tongue) accompany the drawing of the line tohelp focus the power
of Gaia for the successful completion of the rite.

System: The players of all the Gurahl participating in the
rite roll Stamina + Rituals (difficulty 8). Each Gurahl must gain
at least one success for the rite to succeed.

ite of the Ban

Level Four

The Gurahl use this rite to prevent the spread of secrets that,
if known, might cause harm to their people or their Kinfolk. The
rite acts asa mental deterrent, blocking the target of the rite from
communicating a specific secret in any way. Gurahl frequently
use this rite on humans who have either witnessed a Gurahl
change forms or on those whom the Gurahl have brought to their
Dens for magical healing. The Ban keeps the subject from
speaking, writing or otherwise imparting his knowledge to any-
one, It does not however remove the information from the
individual's mind unless coercion is used to force that person to
overcome the Ban. In such acase, the power of the rite is such that
it actually removes the sensitive information from the targeted
individual's mind (a sort of mystical self-destruct mechanism).

Some Gurah! willingly undergo the Rite of the Ban if they
intend to spend long periods of time in the company of humans
or non-Gurahl (especially Garou), This makes certain that the
Gurahl cannot inadvertently give away any secrets.

In the old times, when Gurahl acted as teachers and
sharers of information for other Changing Breeds, the Rite of
the Ban was not necessary. Since the War of Rage, however,
few Gurahl have gone into the world without having the rite
performed upon them.

The rite itself requires the Gurahl performing it to intone
ahypnotic chant, stating the nature of the information the Ban
is meant to protect. The soothing sounds of the chant lull the
target into a state of near-slumber from which she awakens
refreshed and unchanged, except for the placement of the inner
prohibition of the Ban.

System: The player placing the Ban must roll Manipulation
+ Rituals against the difficulty of the subject's Willpower + 3 (if
the subject resists the rite), or against a difficulty of 6 (if the

Gurah!

Og

subject cooperates with the enactment of the Ban). This rite is
effectiveon anyone, including Garou and other Changing Breeds,
vampires, mages and normal humans.

ite of the Freed Spirit

Level Four

This dangerous rite enables a Gurahl (or a group of
Gurahl) to sever the bond between a Bane and a fomor,
returning the harried creature to his original, untainted state.
Because of the inherent danger to the leader of the rite, most
Gurahl are extremely hesitant to perform it. In cases where a
lover, companion or friend has undergone the hideous transfor-
mation into one of the fomori, this rite provides the only
opportunity to rescue that individual. A fomor usually comes to
this rite unwillingly, as a captive of the Gurahl who wishes to
save him. The rite takes place in the Umbra, where the Bane
inhabiting the fomor is clearly visible. Using a dagger conse-
crated to Gaia, the Gurahl performing the rite traces a mystical
pattern in the air above the bound body of the fomor. This
action severs the connection that binds the Bane to the human
form.

System: The Gurahl and the captive fomor must enter the
Umbra to enact the rite. The player must sacrifice a permanent
point of Gnosis and roll Willpower (difficulty 9). Only one
success is necessary for the rite to work, but the Gurah! may not
spend Willpower to achieve an automatic success. If the rite
fails, both the fomor and the Gurahl performing the rite die
instantly, A botch results in the death of the fomor and the
transfer of the Bane to the body of the Gurahl who performed
the rite.

ite of the Long Sleep

Level Five

With the performance of the rite, the Gurahl may place an
individual into a state of suspended animation not unlike the
bear's own natural hibernation ability. While in this state, the
subject does not age; bodily functions come to a standstill;
respiration drops to the absolute minimum. This rite makes it
possible to sustain Incapacitated individuals for an indefinite
period of time, keeping them alive so that they can be healed
(either naturally or magically) ata later date. Gurahl have used
this rite to save the lives of other Changing Breeds (including
Garou) as well as humans who have experienced massive bodily
trauma and cannot receive immediate attention. Use of this
tite on a vampire places the creature in torpor.

System: The Gurahl sets the conditions which determine
the length of the target's slumber, usually expressed in terms
such as, "Do not awaken until the eclipse of the moon," or,
"Rise when the earth has completed five rotations around the
sun." The Gurahl rolls Wits + Rituals (difficulty of the target's
Willpower). The number of successes determines the actual
length of the rite. Three successes or more indicates that rite
lasts according to the conditions stated in the enactment. One
or two successes means that the target may not sleep for the
entire period of time designated within the rite. The Gurahl
sacrifices a permanent point of Gnosis to seal the rite.


|

ite of Fighting the Death Bear

Level Five

Whenever a Gurahl wishes to attempt to return a departed
soul to its body when the individual has been dead for longer than
the period of time outlined by the Gaia's Breath Gift, he may
employ this dangerous rite to wrest the spirit from the lands of the
dead and bring it back into the world of the living. The Gurahl
first uses the Rite of Rending the Gauntlet to enter the Umbra,
where he calls upon Mangi, the Death Bear, making the appro-
priate acts of chiminage to the Incarna before issuing a challenge
for the soul of the departed.

The Gurahl then engages in Umbral combat with the
Death Bear. If the Gurahl defeats Mangi in battle, he can then
enter the Death Bear's realm and retrieve the lost spirit,
bringing it back to its body. If the Gurahl fails to defeat the
Death Bear, the rite fails and the Gurahl is cast out of the
Umbra. If the Gurahl dies during the battle, the Death Bear
sometimes claims the spirit of the Gurahl instead of the fallen
spirit, thus enabling it to return to its body as if the rite had
succeeded.

The high potential cost of this rite makes it one that the
Gurahl use only rarely, and then only on other Gurahl.

System: After entering the umbra, and summoning the
Death Bear, the Gurahl then challenges the totem spirit to
ritual combat, using the rules for Umbral Combat outlined in
Werewolf: The Apocalypse. The rite automatically fails if
used on behalf of an individual who falls under the time limit
for or who fails to respond the use of Gaia's Breath. This rite
does not provide a "second chance" to bring a Gurahl back to
life. Instead, it provides an alternative for a werebear who has
been dead too long for Gaia's Breath to be effective. As with
Gaia's Breath, only one attempt may ever be made on anysingle
creature.

The statistics of the Death Bear are for the Storyteller to
determine, but it should possess at least Rage 10, Gnosis 10,
Willpower 10 and 100 Power.

Renown

Gurahl recognize and respect certain qualities among their
own kind, awarding Renown to those who show evidence that
they have earned distinction by their deeds. Like the Garou, the
Gurahl revere Honor and Wisdom, but where the wolves reward
glorious deeds, the bears prefer to venerate acts of compassion
and nurturing. Hence, Gurahl recognize Succor, rather than
Glory, as their third category of Renown.

Beginning Gurahl start with three points of Renown, which
are awarded to them by their Buri-Jaan as a sign that they have
survived their First Change and found their teacher. Thus,
Gurahl characters start at Rank One. Abandoned Cubs must
receive their Renown when they finally meet with aGurahl who
agrees to act as their Buri-Jaan. Until this happens, an Aban-
doned Cub remains without Rank.


Honor

Gurahl gain Honor through their devotion to the Code of
Usa and from dealing respectfully wich others; The werebears
place a great emphasis on tradition and formality, and those
Gurahl who steadfastly preserve the ways given to them by Gaia
and by the Great Bear receive the approval' of their peers:
Gurahl also receive Honor for assisting their Kinfolk in times
of need, acting selflessly for the greater good of the Breed and
refusing to give way to petty feelings of vengeance or hatred.
Thus, a werebear who actively seeks to repair the rift between
Gurahl and Garou gains considerable Honor for her attempt —
regardless of its success.

Honor's Precepts:
* Remember well the old ways.
© Respect those who teach and who leam from your
teachings.
© Revere Gaia's creatures and treat them accordingly.

Succor

The Gurahl acknowledge their place as Gaia's nurturers by
awarding Renown for acts of healing and purification. Gurahl
who regularly give aid to those in need or who act to save lives
garner respect and admiration from their fellow werebears.
Succoralso includes such endeavorsas helping preserve endan-
ered species, reclaiming spoiled or corrupted landsand provid-
ing front-line healing in the heat of combat. Many Gurahl
consider Succor the most valuable and meaningful type of
Renown.

Succor's Challenges:

© Help is never wasted, even when it isn't wanted.

* Everyone needs some sort of healing.

* Compassion is its own reward. Don't expect thanks.

Wisdom

Gurahl value self-knowledge as highly as they regard knowl-
edge of the Breed's place in the world. Those Gurahl who devote
themselves to the study of lore and legends, or who attempt to
gain an understanding of their dual nature, earn the recognition
of their peers. Discovering ancient relics or forgotten stories,
receiving insights about the coming Apocalypse and creating
new rites (or recovering ones that have been lost) result in the
admiration of the Gurahl's peers.

Wisdom's Secrets:

* There is always more to learn.

* Hardships provide occasions for self-knowledge.

* Even your enemies can teach you something.

Gaining and Losing Renown

Gurahl gain Renown by performing acts that fall within
the three categories recognized by the werebears. Losing Re-
nown, correspondingly, comes from committing actions that
go against the creeds of Honor, Wisdom or Succor. While a
small lapse in Honor or Wisdom may be overlooked, failure to
heal a worthy individual or to cleanse the land of taint when it
is possible to do so invariably results in a public loss of Renown.

108

ecm I aL AIDA AT EAD IFN SEE AA

Gurahl

ey,

Rank

The Gurahl are notas status-bound as the Garou, but they
do acknowledge the wisdom and experience of their elders. As
aGurahlages, she notonly passes from one auspice to the next,
she also generally rises in Rank among her peers. Increases in
Rank depend on gaining sufficient Renown to qualify for the
next level. AsaGurahl risesin Rank, she gains the right to learn
more complex and powerful Gifts and rites

Rank titles proclaim the familial nature of many Gurahl
relationships. Cubs start out as children, reflected by the form
of address accorded to their Rank One title. Although higher
Ranks signify greater degrees of respect, Gurahl couch their
deference to one another in terms of kinship to reflect their
bonds of mutual affection as well as respect.

Gaining and Losing Rank

For a Gurahl, acquiring Rank consists of receiving the
acknowledgment of the elders. The Council of Autumn serves
as the primary occasion for conferring a new Rank on a
deserving Gurahl, although smaller meetings also include Rank-
ing ceremonies.

To gain Rank, one must recount his deeds (often in the
form of a story or a dance) to the Gurahl pr
their confirmation that he is worthy of the next Rank

nt and receive

Insome cases, when.a Gurahl who qualifies fora new Rank
finds it impossible to attend a Council, she may claim the Rank
anyway and defer theactual confirmation until such timeasshe
can participate ina Council. This honor system reflects the fact
that Gurahl often spend much time away from the society of
others of their kin

thus, they do not always have someone else
watching them and judging their worth. Frequently, the only
one to assess the value of a Gurahl is the Gurahl herself.

Losing Rank comes from deliberately going against the
Code of Ursus or violating one of the three precepts of Renown.
Again; Gurahl el
his Rank. Occasiona

lers re:

erve the right to strip another Gurahl of

ly, a Gurahl may voluntarily surrender a
Rank to atone for some gross misdeed.

Renown Chart

Rank Title Address Renown Cost
1 Kovi Child 4
2 Verden Brother, Sister 8
3 Sora — Aunt, Uncle 12
4 Talchwi Mother, Father 24
5 Matae — Grandmother, Grandfather 32

There exists a sixth Rank, usually occupied by only
one Gurahl from each tribe at any one time. This indi-
vidual has no Rank "title," but is addressed as Great
Grandfather or Great Grandmother or Ancient One.
There is no "Renown Cost" for achieving this venerable
Rank, but any Gurahl who meets one of the Ancient Ones
knows it and behaves accordingly.


The average lifespan of a bear is 15-20 years in the wild,

although bears in captivity live somewhat longer. This relatively
short life expectancy changes drastically for those bears who are

destined to become Gurahl. Once an ursine Gurahl has under- 0
gone his First Change and takes on Homid form, he begins to
Fi clon avi he were faery aga atie doe

‘Through the use of the Rite of the Long Sleep, Gurahi may
further extend their lifespans, thus enabling some Gurahl to live
Sizmbte tharve century (choog!inorall of thie dint pases while
ides Gast Wawa) Under normal clfertecantes« Gua
eriesally Svea froen 20°95 years of age
Fetishes

Gurahl lack the inborn desire to accumulate items, but
they-do occasionally make and appreciate useful fetishes. Al
ways mindful of the spirits that these fetish items contain, the
Gurahl craft their fetishes with an eye for beauty as well as
Gareciant tT ellie ents provide areceenen ative sacle
of Gurahl creations.
Calen
Ursa's Healing Balm

Level 3, Gnosis 3

This sweet-smelling paste has the consistency and color of
honey: When spread ona wound ic hadi up to three Peale

Levels of damage, either normal or aggravated. It also acts as a
sealant for bleeding wounds. The Healing Balm's antiseptic
properties prevent infection and are useful for lowering even
the highest fevers.

Fetishes
Claws of the Cave Bear

Level 3, Gnosis 4

The daggers known as Claws of the Cave Bear contain
slivers of fossilized bone from the prehistoric ancestors of
modern bears. When used by a Gurahl, these daggers inflict
aggravated damage on their opponents, although they do no
more damage than normal daggers. In addition, these daggers
give off a soft growl when in the presence of a Wyrm-creature,
making it difficult for an individual carrying one of the Claws
to be ambushed or surprised by minions of the Pattern Breaker.

Mother Tongues

Level 3, Gnosis 5

These intricately carved stones resemble the fetish ani-
mals made popular by the renewed interest in shamanic studies.
Each stone allows the user to understand and speak (within
physical limitations) the secret language of the Changing
Breed it represents. Only a handful of these stones exist —and
the Gurahl hold most of them in trust against the day when
Gaia's first-born feel they can once more share their knowledge
with their younger Changing brothers and sisters. Mother

109

ey

Tongues in the Gurahl's possession include ones that allow
them to speak and understand the languages of the Bastet,
Corax, Nuwisha, Garou, Ratkin and, some believe, the Mokolé
Whether or not stones even exist which correspond to the
Rokea and Ananasi is a subject often debated among the
Gurahl elders

all, about a d

during council meetin

n of
these stones were created and only the most trusted Gurahl are
allowed to use them.

Soul Brush

Level 4, Gnosis 5

Looking like nothing more than a slender twig slightly
frayed at one end, this fetish, in the hands of a Gurahl artist,
becomes a paint brush capable of painting a portrait of its
subject's true nature (as the Gift: Eyes of thi
Bruzov, a noted Gurahl portrait painter, smuggled half a dozen
of these precious items out of Russia just after World War II

one knows how many more Soul Brushes Bruzov created. Like

Soul). Turgiv

other members of the Changing Breeds in the former Soviet
Union, his fate and current whereabouts are unknown.

Net of Stars

Level 5, Gnosis 5

When activated, this finely woven net (similar toa fishing
seine) emitsasilvery glow akin tostarlight. The Net of Stars has
several uses. If cast upon the water, the Net fills with enough
fish to feed a horde of hungry bears or several Gurahl with
Crinos appetites. If successfully tossed toward an enemy in
combat, the Net traps its victim in an almost unbreakable hold,
rendering movement impossible until the victim is released;

breaking free of the Net requires a Feat of Strength equivalent
tolifting 1000 pounds. Trolling the Net in contaminated water

hasa purifying effect, though this only works on finite bodies of
water such as lakes, wells or ponds. Bear-spirits are the preferred
inhabitants of the Net of Stars.

|

 feemrm crarvnm nesie oR aterm ap Soe AES

cme a SAA

Character Creation Process

* Step One: Character Concept —choose Concept, Breed, Tribe,
Auspice (usually Arcas), Nature and Demeanor

© Step Two: Choose Attributes (7/5/3)

© Step Three: Choose Abilities (13/9/5)

* Step Four: Choose Backgrounds, Gifts (three Level One Gifts,
one each from Breed, Auspice and Gurahl groupings), Renown (3)

* Step Five: Finishing Touches — Record Rage and Gnosis (both
by Breed), Willpower (6), Merits, Flaws and Rank (1), Spend
freebie points (15)

Concept

* Artist: actor, painter, poet, writer

* Healer: doctor, holistic healer, paramedic, veterinarian
© Loner: anthropologist, explorer, hermit

© Mystic: miracle worker, psychic, tribal shaman

* Peacekeeper: domestic counselor, judge, negotiator

* Protector: forest ranger, neighborhood-watch leader, small-
town sheriff, territorial bear

* Teacher: guru, school teacher, self-defense instructor
* Wanderer: hobo, traveling storyteller, trucker

Breed

* Homid: Born from the mating of a Gurahl and a human (or two
human Kinfolk), you grew up among humankind. Your true nature
surprised you, although you suspected that you were different. Now
you know, and there's work to do.

Beginning Rage: 3

Beginning Gnosis: 4

Beginning Gifts: (Persuasion, Ursa's Light)

* Ursine: Either your parents were both bear Kinfolk or else one

of your parents was Gurahl while the other was a bear. Your change
thrust you into a totally new existence.

Beginning Rage: 4
Beginning Gnosis: 5
Beginning Gifts: (Heightened Senses, Voice of Woe)

Auspice

* Unless you possess either the Rip Van Winkle or Early Matura-
tion Merits (see Merits and Flaws section in Chapter Three), you
begin as an Arcas

Beginning Gifts: (Open Seal, Walk Like a Man)

Tribe

© Forest Walkers

Strengths: Storytelling expertise

Weaknesses: Easily distracted by stories or pieces of knowledge
* Ice Stalkers

Strengths: Artistically gifted

Weaknesses: Impulsive curiosity

Chapter Three: The Song of Making

Ll ———

Gurahl Character Creation

* Mountain Guardians

Strengths: -1 difficulty to Strength-related actions
Weaknesses: Cannot refuse a challenge or a dare
© River Keepers

Strengths: Affinity for water

Weaknesses: Weakness for fish

Bi ackgrounds

* Allies: Your friends, regardless of species. They include humans
and bears as well as other supernatural and natural creatures.

* Contacts: Humans (or bears) who exercise influence or who act
a8 your sources of information and assistance.

© Fetish: An item imbued with spirit-power that lends you its
magical or mystical abilities.

© Kinfolk: Human or bear family members who do not suffer from
the Delirium and who know what you are.

* Mentor: Another Gurahl (known as a Buri-Jaan) who helped you
through your first year or two of your new life, and who remains a
counselor, though usually from a distance. All Gurahl (at least, those
who are not Abandoned Cubs) are required to take at least one point
in Mentor.

* Past Life: You have a strong connection with the memories of
famous or legendary Gurahl, sometimes sharing their memories

and abilities.

*# Rites: This Background determines the numberand power of the
rituals and ceremonies you know.

* Umbral Glade: Possession of this adjunct to your Den offers you a
constant cache of Gnosis as well as easy access to the Near Umbra.

Gifts

Choose three Level One Gifts (one each from Breed, Auspice
and Gurahl categories)

Renown

All Gurahl characters begin with three Renown points,
assigned as desired.

Rank

Gurahl characters start out as Rank One.

Rage, Gnosis and Willpower

Rage and Gnosis vary according to Breed; 6 Willpower

Freebie Points

Trait Cost

Attributes 5 per dot

Abilities 2 per dot

Backgrounds —_I per dot

Gifts 7 per Gift (Level One only)
Rage 1 per dot

Gnosis 2 per dot

Willpower 1 per dot

111

iin </



Although they are Gal
Gurahl are not always gent

demonstrate a wide variety of physiotypes and
ments. They include Arctic explorer: wildlife c
tionists, country doctors, Professior
and poets. The Gurahl can't be g

y,

Appendix One: Children of the Bear

a

for inclusion in your own
to help you create werebear

Secondly, it presents some of the Gurah's
3eroes, some of whom may still slumber today
luck, they'll awaken in time for the Apoca-
tioned elsewhere, luck isn't always

113

ei, /

Sere rare rn are ne vy rem asrwrensmnereneh

a AA" nS

Veterinarian

Quote: I'd rather take care of a sick bear in the woods or a colicky horse in the pasture
than a human any day. Animals know how to thank you without insulting you —and they aN
don't complain about your fees behind your back NS.

Prelude: You grew up in rural Tenne:

ee, the child of a country doctor.
Although medicine interested you, your love of animals led you to decide to study
veterinary medicine.

Your First Change took you by surprise. In one cataclysmic
moment, you went from being an animal lover to being an
animal yourself! For a while, you succeeded in hiding what you
had become from your family and friends. Then you started
having dreams that seemed more like messages from someone
who wanted you tocome tohim. So, after you told your parents
that you needed to take some time off from school and "get
yourself together," you packed a few things and set off to follow _
your dreams.

Your travels led you into the Great Smoky Mountains
National Park, where you found a soft-spoken giant of a man
who worked as one of the wildlife managers of the park. He took
you under his wing and taught you about your true heritage as
one of the Gurahl. You took to your new existence readily,
enjoying the rites your mentor taught you and learning the
tragic history of the Gurahl with rapt fascination.

Now you operate a practice for large and small animals
not far from your home, and within a day's travel of the
Smoky Mountains, where you tend (unofficially) to the
park's black bear population. Even though you had to
delay your full participation in Gurahl society for
several years, you are now ready to fulfill your
responsibilities. In the battles to come, Gaia will
need healers as well as fighters, and you possess
the abilities of both.

Concept: A true healer of
animals, you utilize both medi-
cal and magical practices to
tend to the creatures under your
care. Although you are still a
"beginner" among the Gurahl,
you have grown beyond the
playful and battle-hungry stages into the third phase of
your life as a werebear. Other Gurahl consider you a
cub, because you only know the basic Gifts and rites. ~
Your spirit has moved on, however, and you now
consider yourself one of the Kieh. In time, you will
learn what you need to support your claim. Mean-
while, there is work to be done, animals that need
your care, and all those rituals to perform.
Roleplaying Hints: You are a few years
older than most Gurahl "cubs." You have a
maturity that others of your Rank and place in
Gurahl society do not. You tend to "diagnose" any
animal you come across, and you never refuse to help sick or
injured creatures. Money is secondary to you; you didn't become
a veterinarian to get rich, but because you knew you were meant to
bean animal doctor. Your ability to function in both human and Gurahl society
makes you an important asset to your kind

Equipment: traveling medicine bag, four-wheel drive vehicle

114 4 ont 8
[EL ae ay


Semen

suRAHL

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Breed: Homid
Tribe: Forest Walkers
Auspice: Kieh

Vee oow

Nature: Buddder

Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Concept: Veterinarian

rrr LE Attributes mormon Laraternar

Physical Social Mental
Strength___"____@@@00 Charisma @@000 Perception, @0000
Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina_____ @@@00 SE oe e@000) (Wits ©0000

Talents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, @@@00 = Animal Kee @@000 Computer @0000
Athletics, 00000 Drive. @0000 Enigmas. @0000
Biorhythms. @@000 Etiquette @@000 Investigation, 00000
Brawl. @@000 Firearms, @0000 Law. 00000
Dodge. @0000 Leadership. 00000 Linguistics, 00000
Empathy. @@0@00 Melee @0000_ Medicine @ee@00
Expression, 00000 Performance. 00000. Occult, @0000
Intimidation. @0000 Repair. @0000 Politics 00000
Primal-Urge. @@@00 = Stealth 00000 | Rituals. @@000
Streetwise. 00000 Survival 00000 | Science @0000

rrr A Advantages sam

Backgrounds Gifts Gitts
Allies _________@e@000 Aecling Tougue
Contacts. @0000 Utimatum
Menta ______@e000 Uuaitight
Riles, @0000
00000
Renown Rage aHealth
Succor e@eeo000000o0 Bruised Q
e@@e00000000 Hurt eet)
noOpooooooD Fee SeeseoO eee ao
Honor ~ Gnosis: Wounded = -2 Qa
0000000000 eeeecr00000_ Mailed eh
go00000000 SEE eh aes
Wisdom Onooo0go0goO OOO Incapacitated Q
e@000000000 Willpower —Strength/Weakness—
ee ca ©0008 80000 = Souylelling expertiselCasily
~ Rank DOOOO0O000 $ MHhracied by stories or bits of

Y

a a /

R\


Kindergarten Ceacher

Quote: Teach the young, and they will remember the lessons that will shape their future

Prelude: Your early life was simple. Born a grizaly bear cub, you and your sibling spent your
first year exploring the world under the watchful eye (and paw) of your mother. You learned
useful skills like chasing flopping fish along the riverbank, digging for honeycombs hidden

in hollow logs, shaking trees and smelling the wind for interesting scents. As you grew
older, your mother and brother started keeping their distance from you. They weren't
hostile to you, just wary.

Then the two-legs came, smelly creatures that stood upright (just like you some-
times did) and carried long tree branches that make loud noises. Your mother stood tall
to challenge the two-legs, then fell to the ground smelling like blood and pain. You
knew she would never get up again and that the two-legs were the cause. Instinctively,
you rose on your hind feet and growled defiantly at the stick-pointers

Roaring your fury, you felt your body growing and transforming. Suddenly, you
towered above the intruders, who screamed and ran away, stinking of terror. From behind
you, you heard a panicked whimper from your brother. You turned to see what was
threatening him so you could scare it away, and discovered that he was staring at you
or at what you had become. You felt yourself changing again in response to your brother's
fear, but instead of returning to your half-grown cub form, your body shaped itself to
resemble the stinking stick-pointers. Your brother ran from you, leaving you naked and
alone, huddled in confusion next to the dead body of your mother.

Finally you figured out how to revert to original form, and you went off in search of
your brother. Although you found him, he shied from you. It took you some time to
convince him that you were still his familiar-smelling sibling. Over the next few days, you
felt your mind become different, as strange thoughts shaped themselves in your head. Vivid
dreams called you to leave your home in the high mountains.

Followed at a distance by your sibling, you traveled across many valleys until you came
toa cabin. A tall female human came out of the cabin and greeted you in a language that
you understood, even though you had never heard it before. She told you that you and your
brother were both welcome to stay with her, and she said that she was your Buri-Jaan,
or teacher.

Your Buri-Jaan taught you many things, not just about yourheritage asa Gurahl but
about living life as a human. Most importantly, she stressed the need to prepare for the
impending Apocalypse. Because you needed to learn so much, you stayed with your Buri

Jaan for two years. During that time, you developed an understanding of the ways of a
teacher. You decided to enter the world of humans and focus on
teaching the children of the two-legs the ways of healing and
protecting. If you could teach the human cubs properly, pet

haps they would not grow into the horrid monsters that killed
your mother. You fear that you may not have enough time to
accomplish your goal, but you have to try.

Concept: Your nurturing instincts have led you to be-
come a teacher of young children. You work as a kindergarten
teacher, trying your best to train human cubs in the same fashion
as your mother and your Buri-Jaan taught you. You emphasize
respect for the land and its creatures, and you encourage your young
charges to learn through play and exploration. Sometimes you
treat your friends and companions as if they were your students.

Roleplaying Hints: Speak in simple terms, explaining

things as you go along. Since you were born a bear, your
language does not have the sophisticated polish of your
homid cousins. Life and learning cannot be separated,

Turn even the most mundane activities into learning experi-

ences for yourself and those in your company.

Equipment: Child-proof clothing, mini-van, pocket

a -_ PMA) dictionary
116 Gurahl

ay

|


Suga"

Name: Breed: Mrsine
Player: Tribe: Mountain Guardian
Chronicle: Auspice: Arcas

Nature: Uionary
Demeanor: Caregiver

Concept: Kindergarten Teacher

Physical Social Mental
Strength________@@e@e@o = Charisma @@0@00 Perception @@000
Dexterity, @@@00 = Manipulation e@00e00 Intelligence. 00
Stamina @@@00 = Appearance. ee000)SCUWiits @@000

Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness. @@000 = Animal Ken @@000 Computer. 00000
Athletics. @0000 Drive 00000 — Enigmas. ©0000
Biorhythms @@000 = Etiquette @@000 Investigation 00000
Brawl. @@000 ‘Firearms. 00000 | Law. 00000
Dodge @0000 Leadership @0000 Linguistics @0000
Empathy. @@000 = Melee @0000_ Medicine 00000
Expression. 00000 Performance @0000 Occult, @0000
Intimidation. @@0@00 = Repair. 00000 Politics. 00000
Primal-Urge. @@@00 = Stealth @0000 Rituals #0000
Streetwise_______00000 _ Survival @@000 = Science. 00000

Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies. @0000 ‘ajole.
Meulor _______@@000 Aeightened Souter
Rides. @0000 = Seutimels Warning
Uudoal Glade __®®000
00000
~ Renown Rage Health -—_——
Succor e@@eee000000 Bruised Q
e000000000 Hurt x «a
Dodcenoogee ee OO ged" =
Honor ~ Gnosis Wounded = -2 a
®000000000 egeeee00000 Mauled 2 a
go000000000 Q000Qa Crippled 95 QO
Wisdom OQ O00 Incapacitated Q
e@000000000 Willpower —Strength/Weakness—~
ee punk ate e@eeeee000n0 -1 Difficulty to strength
~ Rank OO00000000 © elated actionsieannat refuse a
challenge or a dare

ga ae

ee

A


Wilderness Avenger

Quote: To respect nature, you must come to know her. If you
ignore her, the Earth has away of gettingeven with you. am one of those
ways

Prelude: Your family owned and operated a rafting service in
the Pacific Northwest, so you developed a love for the "great
outdoors" early in life. Most of your weekends involved some sort
of wilderness activity, either learning the family business or taking

solo camping excursions.

During one of your trips into the woods, you stumbled upon
an ill-kept camp, drawn by the smell of rocting meat.
When you found the cache of newly stripped hides,
you recognized the work of poachers

You can only surmise what happened
afterward, Your body exploded into some-
thing monstrous, and you savaged che
camp, ripping down tentsand break-
ing equipment, with ‘righveous
wrath, Unfortunately, for
them, the poachers re-
tumed in the midst of
your furious assault. /
‘Theyhednochance,

When
youregainedcontrolofyour-
self, you knew that your life
had changed forever. You
plunged deeper into the wilder"
ness, traveling farther fromeivi-
lization than you had ever
gone before. At night, your
dreams replayed the horror
of your murderous rampage.
You dreaded what lay at the

118

end of your journey, fearing some punishment for your violentand
uncontrollable actions. Instead, you found your Buri-Jaan.

Now you work as a wilderness guide, taking individuals and
groups hiking, backpacking, rock-climbing and white-water raft
ing. You try to impress upon your customers the importance of
respecting nature, because you fear what might happen if you ever
catch them ignoring your warnings. Whenever you encounter
poachers, trappers or clear-cutters in your territory, you dispense
with the warnings.

Concept: Your occupation provides you with the opportu-
nity not only to teach humans the proper respect for nature but to
protect your chosen lands and creatures from human carelessness
and maliciousness. You carefully study the
* e people you guide,

= g notingtheoneswho
if 7 fail to meet your

A \ standards and
‘

takingsteps
to eliminate
the threat they' pose. You
no longer reproach yourselffor

removing human litter

*S\ from the face of the Earth.

Roleplaying Hints:

Your love of nature shows

clearly in your actions

and your speech.

. Drop hints about

the "dangers" that

befall those who

desecrate the natural

worldand waste its pre-

cious resources. Don't

apologize whenever

you do give way to your
anger.

,

Equipment: Hunting
knife, minimal campingequip-
/ ment, sturdy clothes

|

UGA

Name: Breed: Hamid Nature: Lone Bear
Player: Tribe: Quer Keeper Demeanor: Swiuiuor
Chronicle: Auspice: Ygmati Concept: Wilderness Guide
Physical Social Mental
Strength e@0e0e0 = Charisma @@@00 = Perception @e@e@00
Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation @0000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina, @ee00 a. Abilitie. e0ee00 (Wits. @ee00
Talents es kills Knowledges
Alertness. Animal Ken @@000 Computer 00000
Athletics Drive 00000 _ Enigmas. @0000
Biorhythms. Etiquette 00000 Investigation. @0000
Brawl. Firearms. @0000 Law. 00000
Dodge. @0000 Leadership @0000 Linguistics 00000
Empathy. @0000_ Melee @0000_ Medicine @0000
Expression 00000 Performance. 00000) = Occult, 00000
Intimidation. @0000 Repair. 90000 Politics 00000
Primal-Urge. @@000 © Stealth @@000 §=Rituals @@000
Streetwise. 00000 | Survival @@@00 = Science 00000
A Advantages
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Ment _________@@000 Lertuatin
hits @@000 = Slashof te Death Re.
Unlual Glade __@@000 4iddleFuh
00000
OO0000
——-- Renown «Health
Succor eoooe er 0000 pond Qa
@eo00000000 jurt -l Q
goo0gg000000 FA99000000  injwed 41 O
Honor ~ Gnosis Wounded -2 Q
©000000000 eeeee00000 ~~ Maled gh Ne
Qgo000000000 oo Ee
Wisdom oO000000000 Incapacitated Q
e@000000000 Willpower—<— —Strength/Weakness—
eee ©0000 C8000 Winity for waterlweakness
~ Rank go0000g0000 for fish

———

es

gy


Primitive Artist

Quote: Look at the delicate curve of the stone ball I have made; this is the shape of the earth. How can you not think it is beautiful?

Prelude: You grew up in the ice-bound world of the Arctic, learning the essentials of life (like catching fish through holes
in the ice) from your mother. Even more curious than the rest of your species, you investigated

every new thing that came into your world, especially the funny, awkward two-legs who

sometimes traveled through your wandering grounds. You found yourself fascinated by

everything the two-legs did, the strange dens they built and the four
traveled with them.

gs who often

Your First Change came upon you in a fashion much different from most of your
kind (something you discovered much later in your life). During your second
summer, you followed a two-legged female and her four-legged compan.
ions ona long trek, watching them from a distance. When they
stopped to rest, you crept as near as you could to get a better look
at them. After many endless
days of travel, you left your
familiar territory, but the lure
of your new obsession kept
you with them. When you
slept, sheltered in the snow out
of their sight, you had strange
dreams, dreams in which you
walked on two-legs. The dreams
grewstronger. One morning you woke
up in the body of a two-leg. The shock of
the coldair on your skin frightened you and you
tried to become a bear again. You couldn't. Pan.
icked, you started to scream and changed once more

this time into something truly formidable and even more fright
ening (butat least you were no longer cold). You fled, in yournew
body, from the two-legs.

It took you another day to discover how to regain your
natural shape, and it took two weeks of dreaming and traveling
through unfamiliar territory to find your Buri-Jaan — the same
woman whose presence had drawn you so far from your home
When you located her, she had human clothes for you. The two
of you (and her sled dogs) spent a year on the ice, during which
time you learned about the Gurahl and about your tribe, the Ice
Stalkers.

Concept: You are a primitive artist, depicting in your
sculptures the simple lines of your early life as a polar bear
Humans continue to fascinate you, and you have learned their
ways quickly. You hope, in time, to teach them of the beauty of
sun on snow, the stark elegance of ice-floes under the northern
lights and the deadly splendor of the frozen wastes. You occasion-
ally return to bear-form when you feel the need to remember
A. your childhood, but walking on two legs and using your hands
toshape the world around you has proven too interesting to give

up for long periods of time.

Roleplaying Hints: Watch the people around you. If they
have any customs that are unfamiliar to you, practice those
customs. Learn new words. Look for new ideas to
incorporate into your art — both the small

things you sell and the hidden artworks back

home in the High Arctic that regularly claim
your attention.

Equipment: Sculpting tools, book on human
behavior

|


Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

UGAHL

Breed: Yrsine
Tribe: Sce Stalker
Auspice: Areas

Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Cué
Concept: Antisd

Serre ALA Attributes amr Loratoonar

Physical
Strength. @@e@00
Dexterity @00@00
Stamina_______—@@@00

Social
Charisma

Manipulation.
Appearance____

@e@0@00
@0000
@@000

Mental
Perception
Intelligence.

Wits.

©0000
oo | | Tele)
@@0@00

rr nee AS Abilities pee cee emreeeirerne

Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness, @@0@00 = Animal eg @@000 Computer OO0000
Athletics @0000 Drive 00000 | Enigmas. @e000
Biorhythms @0000 _ Etiquette. 00000 _ Investigation___00000
Brawl. @@000 Firearms 00000 Law. 00000
Dodge. @@000 Leadership. 00000 Linguistics 00000
Empathy. @@000~ Melee @0000 Medicine. 00000
Expression. @0000_) Performanee4ié/_ ——@@@00 =) Occult 00000
Intimidation. 00000 _ Repair. 00000 Politics 00000
Primal-Urge. @@@00 = Stealth @@000 Rituals @e@000
Streetwise______ 00000 _— Survival____————@@000_=— Science. 00000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Coutacls __ ®@®000
Kiufolh. @@000 = Opex Seal
Meat ________@@000  Seuse batter Breaker
Rides. @0000
00000
——- Renown Rage «Health
Succor @02008000000 es Qa
e000000000 urt ine Pe
oooo0Dd DOD FEE OORRROD  "Majued 1 a
Honor ~ Gnosis Wounded -2 Q
2@®000000000 eeeeee0000 Ene ere,
oog00000000 cee a
Wisdom onooogogoOoOO0OO0O0 Incapacitated Q
e@000000000 Willpower —Strength/Weakness~
QOOOOOOOOD eeeeee@000 Artistically giftedlinpulsive
~- Rank go00000000 curiosity

7 ——

cilia lear eae

W\


Bears of Note

We remember those among us who exemplify the teachings
of Bear. By telling the stories of their lives, we lear about the
meaning of our own. Even though we have spent much time in
slumber, we have not missed everything of significance since the
Wars of Rage. One of us has missed nothing at all — or so the
stories tell.

— Kuruk Songmaker, Gurahl lorekeeper

Arturus, the Bear-King

The sixth century in Britain saw the rise and fall of
many petty chiefs. Warring tribes of Saxons, Angles and
Goths all vied for territory after the departure of the Roman
armies. One of these chiefs, known as Arturus, sought more
than power for himself and glory for his tribe. Decrying the
bloodlust and battle-madness that afflicted so many other
leaders of the Britons, Arturus embarked on a campaign to
bring together as many of the warring tribes as possible,
seeking to unite them into one large tribe that could bring
healing to a ravaged land.

From his boyhood, Arturus had known that a great
destiny lay before him. Born in the summer, when Ursa
Major and Ursa Minor ruled the heavens and marked by the
Sign of the Bear, Arturus experienced his First Change
during the initiation ceremony that marked his coming of
age. Led by a vision to seek out a teacher to explain the
transformation that had taken place, Arturus traveled for a

es rl oO gg BEANIE ET EDITS SCE ELIE

year and a day in the company of his Buri-Jaan — an elder
Gurahl who instructed him in the ways of the Children of
Bear

Returning to his tribe at the end of his Gallivant,
Arturus quickly bec
people. When the old chief died, the druids of the tribe

ne a leader among the warriors of his

appointed him as the new chief

Almost immediately, Arturus put into practice the
lessons he had learned from his year of wandering. He
campaigned across Briton, bringing a message of peace and
prosperity through cooperation to the other warlords. One
by one, he united his rival chieftains under his banner —
with words when possible, with swords when necessary.
Arturus assumed the title of High Chief and taught those he
ruled to work in harmony with nature. To many, he became
the focus of a religion which endorsed worship of the Great
Mother while it advocated both peace and strength. For a
time, the land and its people prospered under his leadership.

Some stories tell of how Arturus aroused the jealousy of
amighty Garou chieftain to the north and how a great battle
raged for seven days and seven nights, resulting in a victory
for the Garou and the disappearance of the Bear-King
Other tales hint that Arturus' grand vision grew stagnant
and crumbled, broken apart by petty rivalries among his
lesser chiefs. Still other versions of the Bear-King's fall speak
of dark magics and vile treachery. Whatever the cause, the
idyllic reign of the Bear-King came to an end.

Though warsand jealousies returned, utter darkness did
not overtake the land. Many recalled Arturus' teachingsand
sought to show others what he had been like through passing
on stories of his beliefs and exploits. The stories grew in the
telling, changing to fit new circumstances, yet containing
within their new forms the essential truths found in the
originals. Other great leaders' stories would become en-
twined with that of Arturus as the centuries passed. Yet, it
is Arturus' name that is remembered. Many believe that
more than his name survives: Some say the Mother enfolded
her loyal defender in a stony embrace to hide him from those
who would do harm to his body. When at the end of things,
she once again has need of his wisdom and strength, she will
open her arms and breathe upon his silent, sleeping face,
awakening and restoring Arturus to the world to lead her
Changing children in their final battles.

Hezekiah Blake,
Hero of the Savage West

In the Savage West, lawlessness reigned over many
frontier towns. Marauding bandits and desperadoes took
advantage of the lack of law and order to sate their base
desires. Honest men and women suffered at the hands of
these outlaws who made their own rules — and broke at
them at will. Creatures of the Wyrm feasted on the bounty
of terror, corrupting the weak-willed and preying upon the
helpless.

a

Things were different in the town of Bear Lake, Wyo-
ming. The arrival of Hezekiah Blake made certain of that.

Born in 1862, while the Civil War raged across the
eastern United States, Hezekiah arrived in Wyoming with
his Gurahl Kinfolk parents when he was two years old.
Along with a dozen other families, the Blakes settled in the
new territory of Wyoming. Before long, the town of Tall
Timbers grew up around them, serving as a supply station for
other settlers heading on to California and Oregon.

Hezekiah grew up quickly, working alongside his par-
ents in the fields and accompanying his father and older
brother on hunting expeditions. Large for his age, Hezekiah
stood outamong the other children of the town, who looked
up to himasa protector and leader. Young Hezekiah took his
responsibilities seriously, and he prided himself on his abil-
ity to stop fights and take care of his friends' minor wounds.

A few days after the boy's 13th birthday, the Vinton
Gang swarmed the town. Hezekiah returned in the evening
froma solo hunting foray to find his home —and the homes
of the other townspeople — in ruins, wisps of smoke still
wafting from their burned out shells. Bodies littered the
landscape. The men of the town — including Hezekiah's
father — sprawled in the main street, their bodies riddled
with bullets or sliced open by knives. The women and
children, savagely mutilated, lay in bloody heaps outside
their homes or in the town square. The only survivor of the
bandit's rampage, a 12-year-old named Aaron, lived long
enough to whisper, "They was the Vinton Gang," before he
died in Hezekiah''s arms.

Appendix One: Children of the Bear

Mute with sorrow, Hezekiah set about the agonizing
task of burying his past. As he worked in stunned silence,
sorting the bodies of everyone he had known into groups by
families and digging graves for each household, he felt
something inside him begin to burn with a white-hot fury
When the last grave had been filled, the boy-turned-man
raised his head to the heavensand screamed... and Changed

Hezekiah's Buri-Jaan, a half-Comanche Gurahl named
Leaping Bear, found the traumatized boy huddled in a cave
10 days later. He took Hezekiah home to his village, where
he served as a medicine worker. In addition to teaching
Hezekiah the ways of the Gurahl, Leaping Bear gave the boy
what he needed most — another family. Hezekiah wanted
to stay with his Buri-Jaan and his new family after his year
oflearning was over, but Leaping Bear insisted that Hezekiah
had work to do among his own people. "White men killed
your people," the elder said. "Your own kind needs you to
protect them from themselves."

Hezekiah spent the next four years wandering the
Wyoming Territory, searching for evidence of the where-
abouts of the Vinton Gang and honing his skills as a
wilderness survivor and gunfighter. Finally, he tracked the
gang to the town of Bear Lake, where the gang made its
home. Hezekiah sensed the fear that surrounded him as he
wandered into the town. People refused to meet his eyes, and
no one greeted the stranger in their midst. The doors to the
town's saloon burst open and the members of the Vinton
Gang came out to challenge the intruder.

The fight was brief and bloody. Dogface Vinton died
froma bullet to the head. The others fell in turn as He
out-fired and out-fought them one by one. In th
that followed the battle, Hezekiah faced down the remain-
ing townsfolk and announced the beginning of a new era in
the town.

"These are my laws," he told the crowd that formed
around him. "Live in peace and respect the natural world. If
you can't— or won't — do that, get out of town. If you don't
leave on your own, I'll see to it that you do."

Under the benevolent rule of Sheriff Hezekiah Blake,
the town of Bear Lake prospered. Hezekiah trained the most
responsible townsfolk as deputies so that he could leave Bear
Lake from time to time. Although he said nothing toanyone
about his deeds when he was away from the town, people
knew that they were safer because of their sheriff's travels.
Outlaws soon learned (sometimes at the cost of their lives)
to give Bear Lake a wide berth.

Occasionally Hezekiah met with Leaping Bear, who
told him of a dark turbulence in the Umbra and of the need
to do something about it. The need grew great near the end
of the century, and Hezekiah formally turned his position as
sheriff over to his chief deputy. The people of Bear Lake
never heard from him again.

Although the Garou ignore Hezekiah's heroism just as
they shamefully ignore their own heroes of the struggle
against the Storm Eater, Gurahl legends sing of his courage

123


and his leadership. Some say that Hezekiah died in the
Storm Umbra so that others could put the Storm Eater and
its minions to rest. Others say that the Gurahl peacekeeper
survived that great battle then decided to trade in his star
and his guns for a long sleep in the Umbra's velvet depths.

Ursula Berensen, "Gaia's Partisan'

The German invasion of Poland on September 1, 1939,
marked the beginning of World War II. On that day, Ursula
Berensen, a 16-year-old native of Danzig, underwent her
First Change and killed her first Nazi soldier. Filled with
terror at her transformation, Ursula fled into the forest
outside the city. There, she found other citizen-warriors,
victims of the German invasion who had decided to fight
with the only weapons they had left to them — terror and
ingenuity. Ursula tried to hide her "strangeness" from her
comrades, but little by little, they realized that the teenager
and strong, well-formed body

with the fierce blue eyes
commanded the power to transform herself into a savage

ler of death. Instead of succumbing to the Delirium,
r, these freedom fighters welcomed the incarnation
of the ancient Bear-Mother (as they dubbed her). Ursula's
companions had other, more pressing horrors to deal with.

howe

For two years, Ursula and her comrades harassed the
could, they

rescued political prisoners, Jews, homosexuals, POWs and

German armies in Poland. Whenever the

Gypsies from German transports bound for the labor camps
Ursula's partisans funneled refugees out of Poland to safety.

ee Ne

Extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures,
and Ursula's education asa Gurahl took place in her dreams.
Unable to unite with her Buri-Jaan, an elderly woman
named Marta who was trapped in Lithuania, Ursula still
managed to receive dreams from her teacher. While her
comrades slept or kept watch over their secret camp, Ursula
traveled long distances in her dreams, meeting with her
mentor and learning the rites and Gifts of the Gurahl.

As soon as she learned something new, Ursula found a
way to use it in her private war. She discovered that she
could pull her companions into the Umbra with her to hide
them from the soldiers and dogs that pursued them. No one
questioned the sudden appearance of a hole in the universe;
they accepted it as one more miracle from their Bear-
Mother.

When the war finally ended, Ursula set out in search of
her Buri-Jaan, determined to thank her for her dream-
lessons and for helping her save so many lives. She traveled
to Lithuania just as the Iron Curtain fell across E:
Europe and the Gauntlet closed tight, locking the Western
world out of the Communist-ruled lands.

stern

Stories of her deeds, however, circulated among Gurahl
Kinfolk in Europe. Those who fought alongside her — or
who escaped from Nazi-controlled lands due to her efforts
also bore witness of the bear-woman who worked good in a
world filled with evil.

Kirima Skye,
"Speaker for the Northern Lands"

The polar bear cub who would one day call herself

Kirima Skye had just entered her second year when an oil

tanker wrecked along the coast of her Alaskan home,
spewing tons of noxious petroleum into the water and onto
the shore. The spill trapped Kirima, her mother, her brother
and thousands of fish and other aquatic animals, in a thick,
viscous film of oil that made breathing difficult and move:
ment almost impossible

Only the onset of her First Change saved Kirima's life,
bolstering her with the supernatural strength and endurance
of her Crinos form. Kirima dragged herself away from the
muck and ooze. Slowly, painfully, she recovered from the
damage to her body. Her spirit, however, smoldered with
anger as her newly awakened consciousness registered what
had happened to her and her family.

The first humans to arrive on the scene of the oil spill
—an intrepid news team — paid for their timeliness with
their lives. A damage-control crew from the oil company
responsible for the spill suffered the same fate, as Kirima's
uncontrollable Rage filled her with a drive for vengeance
against anything and everything that approached her des-

ecrated territory. Because of the intense emotions that
overwhelmed her by day and the nightmares that plagued
her fitful sleep, Kirima failed to hear the insistent message of
summoning sent to her from her Buri-Jaan, a Swedish-born
environmentalist named Olaf Peders

|

A

Therefore, Kirima's mentor came to her, leadinga third

group, made up of volunteers committed to the task of
cleaning up the oil spill and trying to repair the damage to
the land and coastal waters. Speaking to Kirima in the
Gurahl tongue, which she instinctively understood, Olaf
introduced himself and began the arduous task of teaching
thenew werebear about herself, her Changing Breed and her

place in Gaia's creation

Kirima caught on quickly. When Olaf and his group
returned to their headquarters in Newfoundland, they
brought with thema small, stocky woman with dusky brown
skin and hair the color of the northem nights.

As a spokesman for the preservation of the Arctic,

Kirima has gained a considerable reputation among envi-

ronmental activists — and she has attracted the unwanted
attention of Pentex and other minions of the Wyrm. Her
impassioned pleas for the protection of endangered Arctic
animals such as the polar bear, snow fox and harp seal reveal
ep convictions. Twice, she has survived

the power of her d

assassination attempts, though the assassins were not so
lucky

Periodically, Kirima returns to her birthplace, where
she has carved out a Den that opens onto an Umbral Glade,
rch of the spirits of her
mother and brother so that she can tell them that their
deaths, though cruel and needless, still served a purpose
beyond their understanding.

to travel the Umbral Arctic in

Snarl Tooth Faigle Fur,
"Nightmare of Yellowstone"

Snarl Tooth grew up among the griz
Yellowstone National Park. His First Chang
since his Buri-Jaan, another of the park's grizzly population,

y bears of
came easily,
was also his mother. Grrsha (her name in the Gurahl
tongue) taught her son the ways of Ursa's children — how
to shift easily among his multiple new forms, how to perform
the important rites that make up the daily (and nightly)
routine of the Gurahl, how to enter the Umbra and how to
acquire Gifts from the spirits. She advised her son to study
the ways of humans but not to ape them without thought
She spoke to Snarl Tooth of the other Changing Breeds and
of the shameful actions of the Garou during the War of Rage.

Although he absorbed everything his mother taught
Si

arl Tooth paid particular attention to two watnin,

iven

him by his mother: never trust a wolf, and always beware of

humans who carry the Wyrm-stink about them.

Snarl Tooth spends most of his time in his bear-form,

keeping watch over the grizaly and brown bear populations
of Yellowstone. Occasionally, he assumes Homid or Arthren
form and wanders the park, pretending to be one of the
tourists oran off-duty park ranger. His keen nose has alerted

him numerous times to the presence of "smelly" humans
(ones that reek of Wyrm-taint). When this happens, Snarl
Tooth takes action — and the offending individuals disar

pear from the park, permanently

Rumors of bear-attacks in Yellowstone and its sur-
rounding area have some substance, since Snarl Tooth does
not waste time in niceties when confronted by fomori
masquerading as humans or other human servants of the
Wyrm. He acts as Gaia's defender, guardian and avenger for
the bears of Yellowstone.

In Homid form, Snarl Tooth Tangle Fur appears as an
unkempt young man with tangled, light brown hair and dark
brown eyes. Asa bear, he stands as one of the largest grizzlies
in Yellowstone — weighing in at more than 800 kilograms.
Although he has a gentle streak, it lies buried deeply
beneath his fierce protectiveness and his hatred for the
enemies of Gaia.

Orphea Lightwalker,
"Conqueror of the Death Bear"

Orphea Lightwalker began life as Amalie DuChamps,
the daughter of an archaeology professor and his journalist
wife. Amalie's First Change took place at a dig in Greece.
The sudden appearance of a monstrous bearlike creature
amid the ruins of a shrine dedicated to Demeter in an early
incarnation as a bear-goddess caused the prompt abandon-
ment of the dig and sparked rumors that the site was
haunted.

Protected from discovery by the Delirium's effects,
Amalie tried her best to forget the bizarre transformation
she had undergone. When the dreams began, however, she
realized that something had happened to alter the course of

her life forever. She left her family and traveled to Norway,
where she met her Buri-Jaan, a member of the River Keepers
named Grisl. The two women traveled together for a year,
during which time Amalie learned what it meant to be
Gurahl. When she parted company with her Buri-Jaan,
Amalie continued to travel, searching out evidence of
others of her kind.

It saddened her to discover just how few Gurahl existed
in the world. Everywhere she looked, she saw signs of the
Pattern Breaker's destructive presence and the Tapestry
Maker's ever-stifling handiwork. Reaffirming her commit-
ment to her personal trinity of Gaia, Ursa and the Yarn
Spinner, Amalie worked at forging new ties among the few
Gurahl she discovered. She attended councilsand powwows
regularly, participating in group rites as often as she could.
She traveled the Umbra in search of sleeping Gurahl,
hoping to awaken them and convince them that the world
urgently needed their presence.

In time, Amalie received her greatest wish; she became
Buri-Jaan to a new Gurahl, a young man named Demetrios.
After a few months, Amalie developed a strong affection for
her energetic and inquisitive pupil. Although only a few
years separated them, she thought of Demetrios as her son.

The unexpected death of Demetrios, the victim of mob
violence, shattered Amalie's world. Refusing to give up her
charge to the embrace of the Death Bear, Amalie sought a
way to bring Demetrios back from the Underworld. Entering
the Umbra, Amalie found her way to the Dark Umbra,
where she summoned Mangi himself and demanded that he
return her adopted son to her.

Three days later, Amalie returned from her Umbral
quest, her body scarred and her once-dark hair as white as
bleached bones. With her was Demetrios, shaky and con-
fused, but whole in body and spirit. Amalie had fought the
Death Bear and won.

In recognition of her feat, she changed her name to
Orphea Lightwalker, to honor the memory of the legendary
musician who tried — and failed — to rescue his beloved
from the world of the dead.

The Most Ancient of Bears

Astory exists among the Gurahl that tells of a werebear
whose life began in the first days and who still walks the
Earth from time to time, keeping vigil over Ursa's children.
No one can verify the existence of the Gurahl known as the
Most Ancient of Bears, but werebears of all tribes and places
tell of mysterious encounters with a wandering Gurahl who
seemed to possess incredible powers and an uncanny knowl-
edge of the past.

Though Gurahl lorekeepers have amassed an arsenal of
legendry about the Most Ancient of Bears, no two stories are
alike. Some tales depict this ancient Gurahl as male, others
as female. All the stories have one thing in common: The

mia 7 /.

|

Most Ancient of Bears appears in times of great need — to
rescue Abandoned Cubs and lead them to a teacher, to
intervene in the wholesale slaughter of bears or to save :
group of beleaguered Kinfolk from starvation or pers
tion.

Tales place the Most Ancient of Bears in almost every
century, depicting him (or her) as a warrior in the War of
Rage, a savior during the time of the Inquisition, an explorer
to the New World and a harbinger of the Storm Eater's
presence in the Savage West. The most common story
relates how Gaia blessed one of the Gurahl with the gift of
ten thousand years, but cautioned her favored one not to use
them up all at once. Because of this, the Most Ancient of
Bears spends long periods of time in hibernation, waking
briefly every decade or so to assess the situation of the
Gurahl and of the Earth. Many werebears believe that in the
Final Days, the Most Ancient of Bears will awaken and
remain awake and active in the world until the outcome of

that great confrontation is decided. Some Gurahl believe
that the increased number of rumors concerning encounters
with this revered, possibly mythical figure, portend the
imminent arrival of the Apocalypse. Only the Most An-
cient of Bears knows the truth.

Appendix One: Children of the Bear 127


_ Ter: ne ein

This chapter contains a miscellany of information,
including some thoughts on the importance of the bear asa
part of the ecosystem, views of the bear asa cultural icon and
facts about bears in the real world. You can also find ideas for
creating stories specifically for Gurahl characters as well as
integrating werebears into Storytellerchronicles with mixed
groups. As always, use ee you like, ignore what you don't

— but think about i

Traces of ie Bear

The failure of the 1997 acorn crop in the for
Blue Ridge and Great Smoky Mountains drove portions of
the black bear population out of their normal feeding
grounds in search of food to make up for the loss of their
primary staple. While some bears found sustenance in the
trash dumps and compost heaps of local residents, others
found death. More than 40 bears in western North Carolina
alone died from the guns of panicked humans who feared
attack by the huge trespassers or from the perils of crossing
the interstate. (Yes, 18-wheelers can total a bear.) No one
knows if the loss of so many of these creatures sounds the
death knell for the already-endangered black bear popula-
tion of North Carolina and Tennessee. Many of those killed
were females who had recently borne cubs. Without their
mothers, it is doubtful the babies survived either.

ts of the

The survival of the world's bear population remains
dubious. On the verge of extinction, like so many other wild
species, bears have made a comeback in the last several

128

Gurahl

yy

decades. Efforts by environmental and conservation groups

have made progress in preserving the remaining bear spe

cies, but mismanagement, acts of nature (such as the acor
failure) and shrinking habitats have undercut much of the
success.

What happens if we lose the bear? Besides the obvious
loss to the balance of the world's increasingly fragile ecosys
tem, we stand to deprive ourselves of yet another living
symbol

Since earliest times, humans have looked to the bear for
more than sustenance. Prehistoric tribes in northern Eu
rope, Asia and North America depended on bears not only
t, furs, weapons and tools,

for mea but also as symbols of

power and godhood. One of the earliest forms of goddess-
worship depicted the earth-motheras a great she-b
the seeming miracle of the bear's annual hibernation and

ar, while

awakening parallels the death-and-resurrection theme cen
tral to many of the world's religions

In the modern world, bears have come to symbol
number of qualities —some of them in marked conflict with
one another. The playfuln
find expression in children's literature from Winnie-the.
Pooh to Corduroy, while teddy bears remain one of
childhood's most popular toys (and not for their association
with Teddy Roosevelt). The bi
threat) peaked with the fire safety in the forest warnings of
Smokey the Bear. The ferocity of mother bears in defense of

and innocence of bear cubs

ar as protector (and implied

their cubs has become a legendary symbol for maternal


solicitousness and self-sacrifice. Bears are everywhere — in
our advertising, our literature and deep within our subcon-
scious. How long after the extinction of Ursus will these
mythic landmarks and modern legends remain?

Che Life-Cycle of the Bear

Since some Gurahl experience life as.a bear before their
First Change, the following information may prove helpful
for players and Storytellers in understanding the peculiar
physiology of bears.

Bears in the wild live seasonal lives, their bodies under-
going changes that reflect the passing of the year. In late
spring and early summer, bears enter their mating season.
Females become receptive and remain so until they mate
successfully. Males seek out as many mates as possible,
challenging and defeating rivals in order to gain the right to
father cubs.

A female's fertilized eggs (usually two) do not immedi-
ately develop, but remain dormant for most of the summer
and early fall

anwhile, both male and female bears spend
these months roaming their territories in search of enough
food to sustain them through the deprivations of the winter.
from
April to October in most climes. They then begin the search

Bears eat copiously during their active months

for a place to sleep as winter approaches.

Duringhibernation, bears undergoa unique, temporary
system shutdown. For the length of their winter sleep, their
kidneys and digestive systems stop functioning, and their
metabolism rate drops significantly. They do not eat, uri-
nate or defecate for the entirety of their hibernation, even
if they rouse themselves for short periods of time

For pregnant females, the changes also involve the
implantation (at long last) of her eggs in the uterine wall,
where they begin to develop normally. Bear cubs, therefore,
are conceived in the late spring, but they are not born until
the middle of the winter. Newborn cubs nurse from their
hibernating mother, whose own body receives its energy
from stores of fat built up over the spring and summer. With
the return of spring, bears emerge from their lairs, lean and
hungry after their long sleep

Storytelling Gurahl

Chronicles

Now that you know how to create a Gurahl character
and something of the history and society of the werebears,
all that remains is to put what you know into play. It isn't as
easy as it appears to create a suitable story involving the
Children of Bear, since the nature and scarcity of the Gurahl
make it hard tocreate a troupe ofall werebears. On the other


ame aI AAA

hand, Gurahl-centered stories are ideal for small troupes
(two or three players and a Storyteller).

Gurahl Only Need Apply

Only rarely do more than two or three Gurahl gather f
together in one place for any length of time, but stories are,

by definition, dramas that center on exceptional circum-
stances. Therefore, a Storyteller has several options for
ing chronicles tailored for a group of Gurahl. 4

* Escape: Many players flinch at the idea of a game 4
centered around a capture scenario, but escaping from a

Pentex experimental facility or a secret government prison
for supernaturals provides the opportunity to bring together
werebears in greater-than-normal numbers. The actual es-
cape may form only the beginning of a larger chronicle, in

mutual support and protection.

© Special Event: Some unique occurrence — an
emergency or impending catastrophe — has brought
several Gurahl together, each of whom has a specific
role to play in taking care of the situation.

* Council Aftermath: The various Gurahl Coun-
cils bring werebears together for discussions and cel-
ebrations. Elder Gurahl may use these gatherings as the
means to select a group of young Gurahl (the characters) for J
an important mission, such as locating a missing elder or
recovering something from the Umbra. Investigating ru-
mors of a plot to poison an entire bear population mightalso
cause the elders to send a few good Gurahl to get at the truth
and take appropriate actions.

© Summons from the Ancient One: The Gurahl char-
acters receive a_summons from the Great-Grandfather (or
Great Grandmother), requiring their presence. When they
arrive (and locating the elder Gurahl may prove a story in
itself), they find themselves assigned to go on a quest of great
import. Perhaps only they can find something which will
prove vital to help the Gurahl prepare for the Apocalypse.

Across the Changing Breed Barrier

Sometimes a Storyteller discovers that one of her players
wants to create a Gurahl character for use in a chronicle
originally intended for Garou or some other Changing
Breed. AddingaGurahl toa Werewolfstory canadda touch
of conflict and a lot of drama to the interpersonal relation-
ships among characters, thus adding depth to a story that ~f
might otherwise consist of the usual "stuff." Of course, the
Gurahl might not meet with as much hostility as he'd
expect from werewolves —with so much else to worry about,
the Garou are hardly the bogeymen of Gurahl legend, with
nothing else better to do than hunt down werebears. Many
Garou cubs feel nothing more powerful than shame in their,
ancestors' dealings with other Changers.)

we

Finding a way to integrate a Gurahl intoa chronicle
filled with Garou characters, however, might pose a few

130

i ——

2 re rare ar APA A OA SPL eon renaerenewa

ee Aa

problems unless the Storyteller has a plausible reason for
inserting a werebear into a wolf pack. The following ex-
amples offer a few ideas for doing just that.

* Necessity Breeds Cooperation: Circumstances of-
ten create situations in which natural enemies or rivals find
they have to work together in order to survive; these are
typically variations on the classic "You-and-your-worst-
enemy-are-stranded-on-a-desert-island-together" scenario.
As in the "Escape" story mentioned above, the Gurahl may
occupy the cell next toa pack of Garou. When the breakout
occurs, everyone escapes together and must stick close to
one another to ensure that everyone survives. Other situa-
tions may call for Garou and Gurahl to work together, such
as discovering a Pentex hit list with the names of four
werewolves and one Gurahl on it. The five targeted indi-
viduals have-a good reason to watch each others' backs.

* Obedience Training: Both Gurahl and Garou are
conditioned to respect and obey their elders. If a venerable
Rishi Gurahl decides thata young werebear needs toaccom-
pany a Garou pack into the Umbra in search of a wayward
spirit, the Gurahl cub's instincts tell her that she must
attempt to get along with her newly acquired companions.
In a similar fashion, when a pack of Garou receive orders
from their sept leader to find a Gurahl guide to help them
track down a rogue werewolf or locate a Black Spiral Hive
somewhere in the Sub-Arctic, the Garou must overcome
their distrust of the Gurahl or face the wrath of their elders.

© Unlikely Friends: A Gurahl with the Merit: Garou
Companion may call upon her werewolf friend (and his
pack) for assistance. In this situation, the Gurahl has one
sure ally in her companion, butshe must prove herself to her
friend's packmates. Her actions may change the pack''s
opinions about werebears in general — and explore issues of
prejudice and stereotyping for the players as well.

Ways and Themes

The theme of any good story reflects the makeup of its
cast of characters. A group of comedians generally responds

Appendix Two: Stories for the Telling

poorly to tragic tales, while antiheroes feel uncomfortable in
a drawing room comedy.

Stories that involve Gurahl characters (either as a
homogeneous group oras part of a mixed troupe) should take
advantage of and emphasize the unique situation of the
werebear population in the World of Darkness.

Desperation figures prominently in the life ofa werebear.
Despite their emphasis on tradition and their reputation as
patient healers and nurturers, Gurahl confront the reality
that they (even moreso than the Garou) are dying out. Most
of their Kinfolk have disappeared. Their numbers are small
(and growing smaller). The Apocalypse looms large on the
horizon, and they have not yet begun to fight back. The
werebears need more time to replenish their numbers and
gather their strength for the final battle, but time is some-
thing they just don't have.

News of the birth of a new Gurahl sends a shockwave
of hope throughout the werebear community. When a
young Gurah| fails to find a teacher or falls into the clutches
of human hunters or Pentex "researchers," desperation sets
in. Preserving the future becomes a race against the clock.
Drama combines with foreboding in a story that may not
have a happy ending if the characters waste precious time.
Injecting a sense of urgency into Gurahl-based stories helps
to stress the precarious plight of the werebears.

Since Gurahl place great value in dreams and visions,
portents of the approaching Apocalypse can provide won-
derful excuses for storytelling scenes filled with overtones of
dark and mythic proportions.

The Gurahl are caught ina trap they helped to build. By
withdrawing from the world in the aftermath of the War of
Rage, the werebears have taken themselves out of the loop.
Now it may be too late for them to affect the outcome of the
struggle to save the world from the Apocalypse. Stories that
deal with making up for lost time grapple with the sadness
of regret and self-recrimination for things left undone. This
tragedy is the lot of the Gurahl — and the stuff of good
storytelling.

131


VAMPIRE GUIOES.

Guide To The camarilla
rhe war between the i wo

camarilla and the sabbat
rages canstantly;
ee there is no e scaping it. ee
will you choose a side,
OY > or play both ends against the oF
middle? will you survive long
enough to have a choice?

lla and sabbat
or players who
ed the basics of
vampire: The Masquerade
ene are eqlungtne deeper

the camari
Guides a
have maste

Both guides are available ina
deluxe slipcased limited
edition, the perfect companion
to your limited edition of
vampire: The masquerade.

peluxe slipcased guide set
— rebruary 1999 —

guide To The camarilla
— rebruary 1999 —

Guide To The sabbat
— march 1999 —

ate et vag SEbbar \ A M ) p By it;

THE [TAS QUERADE

We sing.

Heads thrown back, our throats bi
Muzzles pointing to the sky.

Awaken, our kin! Return once more from
Gaia's stony embrace.

Sleep no more, for it is time.

Young ones hunger for your wisdom;
Come, sing with us the ancient song:

We dance.

Arms thrust outward, heads lowered.
Shame rides us like a crippled child.
Hear us! Watch our stumbling steps
across the Mother's body.

Sleep no more for it is time.

Bear kin fall to annihilation's ax;

Come, dance with us the ancient steps.
The stars that form the Mother and cub
watch in their radiance, remote, waiting.
Mangi bides in darkness and silence,
judgment held suspended.

The young clamor to know who they are.
Have we have slept too long?

May Gaia grant it is not so.

Arise!

— "Grandfather's Call," song of the Gurahl

Gurahl includes:

© The tale of the world as given by the gentlest Changing Breed

° The society of the Gurahl, including details on their four tribes
and worldwide distribution

© Complete rules for running Gurahl: Gifts, rites, fetishes, forms,
totems, sample characters and more

ISBN 1-56504-339-1
WW3079 $17.95 U.S.

| 51795
9781565104 3398!

Printed in USA

Came STUDIO